He watches Will decide his next shot and the point of the game becomes a little clearer to him. This isn’t only about skill. It’s a game of strategy and if not for Dean’s guidance and his own ability to see and determine the angles of each shot before he takes it, he would be an easy target. But Will’s misjudgment on who—and what—he’s playing against gets him in the end and Castiel winds up five hundred dollars richer. Will congratulates him with a laugh and hands over the bills with only a little resentment before leaving Castiel alone at the table with Dean.
It might be easier if he tried stopping the rain.
The ‘I know you’ is so intensely implied that Dean shivers when warm rainwater trickles down the back of his neck and under his jacket.
Sue Ann clears her throat delicately. Dean jerks, feeling suddenly like he's been caught doing something he shouldn't and drops his eyes hastily from the healer to look at her. She sets down her glass onto the coaster in front of her on the coffee table.
His voice is whiskey rough when he murmurs into Dean’s ear, “I’m not attending the service tomorrow evening.”
“So what, I’m stuck with you now?”
“Fix it,” Dean orders.
Castiel stares uneasily at the space where Zachariah stood for a moment and then flies back to Bobby Singer's home before he can doubt something else.
“Maybe an hour,” Sam guesses.
“Yeah, maybe. Find out what it means first. I don’t want to accidentally transfer fucking ownership.”
Sam pushes past him to search the rest of the house, yelling for Dean and Castiel. Bobby shouts after him and Sam stops part way up the stairs, chest tight with pain.
“You got a name, buddy?” Will asks after Castiel misses a shot.
“I’m already going to your fucking specialist. You don’t have to torture me.”
“That’s the best part. Get this. Elijah? Dude was a prophet. There’s some stories about him becoming an angel, but I don’t think it’s his real name.”
He calls Dean on the walk back to the car, a stack of scans from the book in a folder under one arm and the book tucked securely in his pocket. He explains as much of the professor’s rambling answers as Dean will tolerate. Dean sounds agitated over the phone and Sam wonders how badly picking up Layla went if he’s still ticked off about it.
There’s a loud whoosh—like a thousand birds taking flight—and the space where Dean was standing is empty. Sam yells his brother’s name and looks frantically around the room.
Between one thought and the next, the air in the library pulls and settles. The hair on the back of Sam’s neck raises and when he looks up, Dean’s leaning back against the front of Bobby’s desk, fingers curled under the edge.
His stomach drops and he feels Castiel fluttering at the edges of his brain, the high pitched sound from the gas station and the kitchen making itself known. He winces.
“What else do we need, Bobby?” he asks when they’re back upstairs, and he’s finished pouring a line of salt around the desk. Bobby’s halfway to the kitchen for ingredients and he jerks a thumb up toward the ceiling as he walks.
He motions Sam towards the house. It’s gonna be harder to get in with the cops lurking around, but confronting Sue Ann without an audience is gonna go a hell of a lot smoother than trying anything else. It’s tempting to send Sam up to the house alone and lead the cops away to where a couple of RVs are parked together in a semicircle, but he doesn’t trust himself to be fast enough. Not with how quick the angel’s proven to be.
“No. It’s cool, I’m fine, just a—it’s not you, it’s me,” he assures hastily, falling back on tried-and-true rejections that have worked in the past. “Wrong, uh, species? I don’t do…” he gestures between them with a nervous laugh. “Only gay for p—holy shit, forget I said that, okay?”
“I’m fine,” he mumbles, staring at Elijah, who hasn’t stopped looking at Dean since he came up on stage—until Sue Ann gets up from her chair and pulls Elijah back, her mouth pinched. Dean swallows back the urge to reach out when Elijah breaks eye contact and sinks back into that same cold indifference from before. Nothing feels right about this.
“The… baseball player?”
“Lili—?”
“Casti—” he gags, grits his teeth, and shoves the necklace up into the angel’s chest. “Damn it, Cas, take i—take it back.”
Mounted to the wall in the space between two shelves is a framed painting of a person wreathed in flames and an angel reaching down to grip them by the arm. Massive white wings curve through the air behind the angel, and the human’s palms are pressed together, praying for salvation. Demons sit hidden amongst the flames in the dark spaces of the canvas. Dean shudders.
When he glances over a few minutes later, Dean’s prying the lid free and taking short, careful sips between deep, slow breaths, fumbling one-handed with the wrapper on the sandwich. Sam knows he hasn’t had much of an appetite, but it’s too deeply ingrained in them both to avoid food waste for Dean not to force down anything put in front of him. Which is what Sam is counting on.
“Talking to people is difficult," Elijah adds sullenly. There’s no apology in him, so Dean’s not even sure why he’s still standing here.
“What the hell are you?” Dean’s voice erupts from their mouth.
“An angel?”
“Where?”
watching.”
Dean’s hands are shaking slightly and the cue ball doesn’t quite go where they were aiming. Three of the four balls sink into their respective pockets, the last spinning lazily after ricocheting across the table.
“What do you want to do?” Sam knows he’s going to follow Dean no matter how flimsy his reasons. There’s no point dragging it out, and the closer he stays to this, the better chance he has of convincing Dean that Elijah is the farthest thing that could possibly exist from the monsters they hunt, save God.
“Not everyone’s here for a hook up,” Dean says lowly.
Cas watches him. Dean avoids eye contact to focus on what his hands are doing. Which is not brushing his fingers against the back of Cas' neck and watching his throat bob when he swallows. Do angels even need to swallow?
When they get back to the room, Sam starts tossing clothes into the duffel bag without bothering to fold them. Dean motions towards the bathroom, making a gesture like he’s turning on a shower. Sam stares at him for a second, before going back to packing, and Dean retreats into the bathroom, cranking it up as hot as the water heater will allow and starts stripping off his clothes. He catches sight of himself in the mirror as he’s pulling his t-shirt off and stops, dropping the shirt back down and leaning toward the glass.
The mood after they leave the hall is pleasant. Dean’s still riding the buzz of arousal and firmly ignoring the confused panic. It was just the memory of a good night a few years ago and not… whatever the hell Cas was doing. He doesn’t think the angel even knew what he was doing and Dean’s not about to ask him either, so he’s happy to let their mutual good moods take them back to the motel.
Bobby tells him he gets to replace the sink, but lets the incident slide with a worried look and a finger of whiskey pressed into his still trembling fingers. He lets Dean get away with that sign of weakness too, and claps a hand to his shoulder. Dean loves him so much. It's enough to make Dean settle back into himself and he throws back the drink.
“Are you—?”
“What the hell was that, Dean?” Sam demands, soon as the door is closed. Bobby stands and puts space between Dean and Sam, looking between them. Sam's practically vibrating with worry and anger and Dean's clenching his jaw and staring up at Sam. They're about two seconds from a fist fight and Bobby ain't having it.
Cas complies easier than Dean expects him to, and together, they get him down to his boxers with only a little shuffling. Then Dean’s kneeling over him and reaching under the band to wrap a hand around his cock. Cas grabs at his shirt hard enough that the cotton fibers creak.
The light bulbs in the fan above their heads pop with a shatter of glass and crackling electricity, sending sparks down onto their hair and clothes. Dean flinches away and ducks his head, squeezing his eyes shut right right as something slams into him, and sends him crashing to the floor.
Elijah frowns and shelves the book. “I appreciate your interest in my well-being. It’s undeserved after what happened yesterday.”
“Easy, son,” Le Grange says quietly in his ear.
“No disrespect,” he says, forcing a little well-practiced bravado into his voice and adding as much of the tone he uses to make people know he’s not taking their shit, “but I’m not exactly a believer.”
“I’ll call you back,” he says, and he snaps the phone shut and turns around. Henriksen is standing behind him. He almost looks alive.
“Uh,” Sam pauses, thinking. “Light from his hand. Maybe.”
“It’s Joshua. Calling you back.” Joshua pauses, and Sam twists around to dig through his bag for something to write on. There’s only one reason Joshua would be calling him back. “Sorry about Dean. He was a good kid, from what John tells of him.”
The knife's been sharpened recently and slices cleanly into his flesh, blood welling up and dripping down into the inside of his elbow. Something unfurls in his chest and presses against his ribs, cold and tight. Before he can prod too much at the sensation, Bobby hauls him into a hug and Dean sinks into it gratefully.
“Jesus, you’re really bad at this.”
“Arariel, it’s not our place to question Heaven’s orders.”
He comes with Cas’ hand around him and the zing of scar tissue healing as Cas mouths at the puckered wound below his navel where a werewolf tore open his stomach when he was sixteen.
“Oh yeah, it was believed he used the seal to command demons and spirits, so the pentacles were an expansion on the idea. This one in particular? It’s meant to do exactly what the seal did. Funny thing is the rest of the text here. It’s written in Aramaic and talks about binding something specific.”
“Wh—wings?”
“Pick up some beer while you’re at it. We’re gonna be at this a while yet.”
Sam’s in fucking Pontiac. Which is so close to where Dean was buried that he probably could have walked to whatever motel he’s holed up in, if he’d just known where to go. If Dean hadn’t already thought his brother was involved in his resurrection, he’d be dead sure of it now.
“Yeah, okay, we can head out in an hour. I’m nearly done here and it’s, uh,” he pauses, thinking quickly, “seven hours maybe. We could make it there before midnight.”
“Yeah, I uh, I’m just trying to get a sense of what happened,” he explains hastily, taking the steps two at a time to get them back on more even footing. “And how you knew my name.”
He coughs a few times, grimacing with the pain, but is beaten to answering the question by Elijah stepping forward and placing a hand gently on Le Grange’s arm. He doesn’t take the pulpit, just stands to the reverend’s side and waits for the murmuring to quiet down. He looks at Dean like he’s a revelation and says steadily, in a voice that rumbles like the Impala down to the marrow in Dean’s bones, “Dean Winchester.”
The rain’s stopped by the time Dean aims the Impala toward the hotel, and he goes as fast as the speed limit will allow. Sam tries to say something after a couple of minutes, but Dean reaches over to crank up the volume on the tape deck, drowning him out. He doesn’t stop looking over at Dean, though, even if there’s no conversation to be had with the Stooges rattling the windows.
“Tzadik,” Elijah says, and the word curls out of his mouth with a guttural lilt. Dean licks his lips, and his next breath catches in the back of his throat. “You have important work to do. I'm certain of it.”
Dean hesitates. “So you just jump someone else's bones instead of mine? Why do you even want to stay?”
“Magical?” Sam prompts curiously. It’s always so easy to get folks like the professor to talk at length about a subject.
“How?”
“Wouldn’t angels be able to understand every language?”
When he looks back up at the stage, Elijah has vanished.
“Only thing I have faith in is reality,” Dean grunts. “What’s really going on, and what’s
“Castiel.”
His laptop battery is running low, but Sam doesn’t want to move and grab the cord from where it’s twisted on the floor behind him. He’s been scrounging through websites for information since he got back from the gym where Marshall Hall died. The city’s better about putting their records online than a lot of places they’ve been to, so pulling up obituaries and newspaper articles from the last year hadn’t taken long. It’s still a surprise that he beat Dean back to the hotel though, but here he is, staring at a stack of evidence that says his brother’s right.
The drive doesn’t help his mood, but he’s able to call Ruby and arrange to meet her at a convenience store a few miles outside of town. It’s the most accomplished he’s felt since this started. He feels something like relief when he sees her standing on the side of the building. She looks nervous when he gets out of the car, and turns to walk toward the back of the building. Sam follows her.
A few hours later, he's sitting in a diner when he spots Elijah walking into the aptly-named Christian Books across the street. He’s out of his seat—tossing a few bills in the direction of his partially eaten meal—before he even decides he’s going to follow him. It’s maybe not the smartest idea, throwing himself in the path of Sue Ann’s leashed Great White, but Dean’s already halfway across the street and he’s still betting on her not pulling anything for at least a few days.
That’s a leading question with way too many answers and Dean’s caught on to the fact that Cas keeps trying to turn this crap back around on him. Make this into something Dean isn’t going to let it be. Did he
Arariel makes a sound and shoves herself up from the ground, turning to face them. “I agree with Uriel,” she says firmly.
Nausea rolls through him as he forces himself back onto his feet. His neck throbs. Moving his head in any direction makes frissons of pain shiver down his chest. Sue Ann’s shrunk down into the corner between the wall and the bookcase, and Dean can’t really blame her for it: Cas has hauled himself up from the floor and his expression promises violence. Sam puts himself between them and widens his eyes at Dean, briefly looking at Cas and back. Dean nods painfully.
Cas looks up from the necklace and across the bed at him, steady as a lighthouse in a storm when he meets Dean’s eyes. “Dean, you renamed me.”
They find Olivia dead behind a line of salt, her chest ripped open and blood sprayed across the area around her. Bobby storms out without a word. Everything after blurs together. Phone calls and long drives in an ever widening circle. By the time they reach R.C. and Carl’s place, Sam’s pacing around the Impala instead of waiting in the driver’s seat. He goes down his contact list and calls every hunter he knows. Jo picks up on the fourth ring and Sam lets out a breath so heavy he can see it. He stumbles to a stop. It’s a cool night, but not cold enough for… he turns slowly towards the car.
She reaches out and pats him on the arm, trying for comfort and just coming across as awkward.
“—bulance on its way,” Layla says from somewhere in the haze.
“Not sleeping either.”
The inside of the house is quiet, but when Sam steps into the library, there’s a brunet standing by the desk, smiling at him. He remembers her dying on the floor in a cabin years ago, choking on her own blood after an exorcism. The gun in his hands goes flying, skittering across the floor in the kitchen until it hits the cabinet.
“I was,” Castiel confirms, voice careful.
“Let’s see,” she murmurs, shifting slightly so Sam can read over her shoulder more easily. “If I’m translating this correctly, he was trying to bind a demon… no, not a demon. Djinn? There’s some crossover. I think he means an angel. Let’s see, dead, dying? Probably death. Angel of death. Or a reaper. Stories overlap on that if you look in the right places, so it’s an easy mix up. Explains why he wrote this part in Aramaic though. Angels can’t understand Aramaic.”
“Not you, Sam,” Dean says and he jerks his head slightly to the side like he’s motioning to someone standing next to him, which is—okay.
Dean spins around and throws his arms out, glowering at him. “Do I look possessed?”
“Oh yeah, you’re a real big hero, Sam.” He reaches behind him carefully, eyes following Meg as she rants above him. She kicks him viciously and he flinches, wrapping his fingers around the fireplace poker. “So willing to trust monsters you’d even let one inside your brother.”
“You were almost right about the time frame, Mr. Winchester. 1597, shortly after Pope Clement the Eighth expelled the Jewish people from most of the papal states. The texts this priest mentions stealing were taken from a small community just north of Rome and, well,” Professor Callaghan pauses, sucking on her teeth before continuing, “it’s hard to know exactly what he took with only this book for reference, but he’s clearly mixing Christian magic with whatever he’s picking out of these Jewish texts. It’s a little icky.”
When she doesn’t do anything, Dean reaches out and grabs her face with his hand. Power rips up through his body and pours out of his fingers into her skin unbidden. She lights up from the inside, going white-hot under his fingers, mouth tearing open with a scream. Sam yells, but Dean’s already done. The demon collapses to the floor, eyes and mouth burned out. Sam leaps out of his chair as the other demon comes at them and catches him by surprise with the knife through the chest. The last one, lurking behind the counter, burns out from the inside without Dean even needing to touch them. He stares at the bodies and then at his hands.
Bobby has the good sense to try and drive a silver knife into Dean’s lungs as soon as he walks through the door.
The ceiling above him is replaced with icy cold flames and he hears a hellhound growl, low and dangerous.
“I’ve been… allowing him to maintain control over his body when I’m not using it,” he answers. “Treating him as a normal vessel would be detrimental to gaining his trust.”
“That when he healed you?”
“Hey, no, switch seats,” he hisses, putting in enough of an effort to make Sam get up that the woman sitting next to Sam has to shush them. Dean shoves himself back into his seat and shoves his hands into his pockets and keeps watching the room until Le Grange clears his throat into the microphone hooked up to the pulpit. There’s a soft murmur of voices and then silence.
Sue Ann is standing at the desk, looking at the massive book opened on it. She glances up when he steps into the room and looks deliberately back down towards the text.
“What do you mean, half right?” He can feel Dean staring at him from across the room and ignores him, pulling up another search and looking for more information.
Dean grinds his molars together. “Don’t fucking preach to me, you dick. Do you even care about those people you killed?”
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Dean snaps, and Sam backs away, putting his hands up, palms facing out.
“That’s not… she’s trying to help,” he gasps, pushing himself back with the heel of his boot. Nearly there. “I’m saving people.”
“Maybe humans didn’t want angels overhearing some of their prayers?” she suggests wryly, and then laughs before Sam can think too far on what angels could possibly be doing that would make humans invent a whole language to avoid them. “Nah, it was just the priests at the time trying to keep Hebrew from becoming too dominant a language.”
Which is decidedly not the sort of thing he’d normally say to a guy in a place like this. Especially not to maybe-angels while standing next to a shelf of life advice for bible thumpers. He grabs a book and waves it awkwardly through the air between them.
“Okay, okay.” Sam backs away from Castiel, flinching away from the quelling look the angel directs at him. “I just… What now?”
“No!” Mrs. Rourke glares hatefully at him. “What have you done to deserve to live more than my daughter?”
“I take it we’re staying?” he asks once both women are out of earshot.
“Not talking about that,” he says firmly. No, they’re not doing that, now or ever. He’s not having a heart to heart about his humanity with the voice in his head. “I want to know if there’s anything else you’re messing with because, uh, we gotta have a long talk if you shut me down completely. Plumbing wise.”
“Each morning, my wife, Sue Ann,” he turns and nods genially to her, “and I read the news. Never seems good, does it?” People respond around them, one woman behind him muttering something vicious about terrorists. “Seems like there’s always someone committing some immoral, unspeakable act. But I say to you, God
“I’m not here to convert you,” Elijah says, so quietly that Dean almost doesn’t hear it. Le Grange raises the hand not keeping Dean on his feet and tells the congregation to pray with them. Dean closes his eyes and tries to avoid flinching, unsure what to expect, but not wanting to see it.
“But if he’s being controlled, it’s too risky trying to do that,” Sam argues.
. Maybe they could lie, say Cas is a hunter, but Dad would have him marked as non-human faster than Dean had. If he didn’t try and kill him, he’d find a way to do something worse.
“I’m okay,” he lies.
“Not enough,” he snaps and he sounds devastated, on the verge of bursting at the seams. Sam wants to reach out and grab him, but he’s not sure Dean’s in a place where he’d allow it.
“Why are you still here?” Mrs. Rourke spits out when Dean reaches into his pocket for his keys. He freezes. “You got what you wanted, didn’t you? We’ve been to every single service and again and again Elijah chooses people like you over Layla.”
“Dean.” There’s an army behind his voice. “Come here.”
“What are you?”
“Dead? Oh yeah. Thanks to you, me and a half dozen innocent people died in that police station.” Sam takes a slow step backwards. “You left us there to die.”
He’s heard about the seals and Lucifer from Castiel when the angels were screaming for him, but Sam fills in him in on what he and Bobby were going through on the ground while Dean was half a country away. Thirty hunters are dead and Dean grieves every damn one with a barked curse, Castiel’s guilt over the lost battle a sharp note in the silence that follows. Ellen and Jo are alive, both still scattered to the winds somewhere out of reach. Dean wonders if Sam told them about him being alive yet. About Cas.
He walks over to the mirror and sink and starts pulling at his clothes—squeezing his eyes shut for a moment against the memory of claws and teeth tearing the flesh from his bones—and finds nothing but unmarred flesh where those wounds should be. This isn't what a man torn open should look like. He feels healthier than he did before Hell, he thinks. His hands don't ache and the fine network of scars on his skin from years of hunting are gone, leaving smooth flesh in their wake. Except, no, there on his left arm near the shoulder, pink freshly healed burns in the shape of a hand print. It’s ugly and tender to the touch and Dean pulls his sleeve back down as carefully as possible to avoid touching it.
Dean knew he’d lost his mind when he sent that winky face. He knew that. But he wasn’t sorry about it.
“Because I keep thinking you’ll only use it to tease me later.”
“Was the journey worth it?”
“And?”
Castiel widened his eyes. “I can’t imagine you saying that. You slipped very easily into the family lifestyle.”
, so why should I be nice to him?”
Castiel blushed, and it was endearing as hell. He opened his mouth to say something, but Dana showed up with their food and he didn’t say anything.
Dean scoffed, crossing his arms. What the hell? Why on earth would Dean and Lisa go to therapy? They weren’t that type of snobby rich couple who spent thousands on therapy where all they would do was argue with each other some more. They already did that at home and it was free. “Hell no. We’re not doing that.”
Castiel fixated on Dean’s biceps as he flexed his arms in outrage. Dean was wearing a plaid flannel shirt over a greasy white shirt. His hands were calloused and stained, even though he washed them meticulously. He was going on about Castiel’s behavior and how he was sick and tired of coming home after a long day of work to find Castiel passed out, with the window wide open and the air conditioning turned on.
“There he is,” Castiel’s mother said, heading over to Dean and embracing him. “My beautiful son-in-law, look at you.”
Anna smiled and yeah, she was a really attractive woman who seemed into him, but she was also Castiel’s sister. Dean was sure there was a line there he couldn’t—or shouldn’t—cross. “I will let you know if I need you.”
bright futures.”
Anna scoffed. “This house is huge. I don’t buy that excuse.”
Since it was Sunday, they needed to go grocery shopping. Claire would be up from her nap any second, so Dean went looking for Castiel to remind him. That was the
Castiel took Dean to Maria’s. Dean was a little touched that Castiel had remembered how much he loved this place and had chosen to bring Dean here on their first date. They sat across from each other at a booth in the corner.
Sam gave half a smile that seemed to take a lot out of him. “My hero.”
There it was. Castiel had also asked Naomi to leave out her strict religious views out of any conversation involving Dean, mostly out of fear that she would say something homophobic. This was somehow just as bad. The harsh judgment was still there.
“Like what, you’re going to tape over my mouth?”
Castiel’s book was more than just a romance novel. Although, again, Dean had never read a romance novel before. But he knew that this was much more than he had ever expected.
“I wasn’t talking about marriage,” Dean said. “Who’s thinking about marriage? Not me. I never think about marriage. Marriage is overrated.”
Eventually, Claire became less clingy over Dean, going as far as to blow a kiss to Naomi. Dean had been teaching her that. Naomi was delighted by it.
“Calm down, Mr. Burger King.” Dean smirked, his cheeks puffed up like a squirrel’s.
The Roadhouse was packed once again. Castiel breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that Ellen and Bobby still hadn’t left. Dean was the first to approach them and explain the reason they were leaving on such a rush. Bobby wasn’t too pleased with their plan, but Ellen sided with them and her leniency helped Bobby relent. It was sweet that Bobby still wanted to protect Dean after all these years.
Dean smiled. God, he loved Amelia. “What the hell were you doing reading up on
“The Mothman doesn’t want to hurt them, but he will defend himself if it comes to that,” Castiel continued. “This town is his home. He found it hundreds of years ago, and he’s made it his home. And he doesn’t want to leave, no matter how many people fear him.”
Castiel tilted his head. “And you’re from those bad CGI movies on the sy-fy channel, aren’t you?”
“Whoa,” Dean said. “I am really drunk.”
Dean pulled out his phone and typed a message into his group chat with Sam and Mary.
“Communication is key,” Jody said.
“Actually, you’re not that far off.”
Clearing his throat, Dean walked in the room. “Not that I was eavesdropping or anything, but I heard my name.”
“You think
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Kevin asked, scowling. “I just woke up. Don’t judge me.”
Dean and Castiel shared a wide-eyed glance.
Castiel squinted. “You’re an asshole.”
“I saw her painting up there.”
Castiel let out a long breath. “Thank God. I’m tired of walking.”
“No.” Dean smirked. “Never.”
“Great.” Castiel broke into a smile, gums and everything. It was so out of place that Dean stumbled back a few steps. “Sit with me.”
Ben sighed. “Okay.”
“What—”
Dean waved a hand. He’d never had neighbors like this who were thoughtful enough to drop by with a muffin basket to welcome him to the neighborhood. What was up with this magical neighborhood? “Please. Don’t apologize. I’m glad you guys came over. It’s better late than never. Can I offer you guys a drink? I was about to make coffee.”
From behind a stove, Castiel glanced at him with wide eyes. Castiel knew something was wrong. He seemed to be debating whether to stop what he was doing and rushing over to Dean. Dean shook his head. Someone had to get this done.
Castiel laughed. “I’d love to see that. I miss our walks with Dandy. I’d give anything to have them back.”
“Dean.”
Dean hung up.
“They did this to him?” Dean asked, going over to stand beside Jess, forcing himself to look away from Sam’s leg.
In the morning, Dean woke up with the same arm wrapped around his middle. Something was different thought. Dean was on his side, and his back was pressed warmly against Castiel’s stomach. That was definitely new.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “You plan on kissing a stranger, Dean?”
Castiel licked and sucked like his life depended on it. Dean bit his lip so hard he thought he made himself bleed, but it was worth it. Castiel was going to make Dean come and he hadn’t even entered him yet.
Castiel’s laughter rang on the other end of the line, and it filled Dean’s chest with warmth. “Hello, Dean,” he said.
Castiel crossed his arms. “I don’t know, Dean. All I know is that I can’t leave my mom to fend for herself under a good conscience. I have to take care of her.”
After paying and grabbing their shoes with all the correct sizes, Dean kept Castiel from walking away with his two pairs of shoes.
“Great. I’ll make it. You can go wait in the living room with Sebastian.”
Dean threw his head back in laughter. “I would never dream of being better looking than Oscar Wilde.”
“It’s your mom,” Castiel said, hesitating.
“Hi.” Castiel glanced at Dean, and he felt himself blush. That was ridiculous, wasn’t it? How was it possible that Dean still made him blush? Castiel didn’t think that would ever go away.
Castiel could hear Jess cheering on the other end of the line. Maybe it was too early to be hopeful, but Castiel thought that things were finally looking up again.
Bela turned just as red as Charlie. That was definitely anger. “I can pay for my fucking jewelry! I’m an Emmy nominated actress! You have to buy me jewelry because I’m your wife!”
“Holy shit,” Dean said. “We found everything.”
“Oh,” Benny said. “I was actually thinking of being interviewed. I don’t know about Dean here, but I wouldn’t mind kissing that freckled face of his.”
“You do the same, Cas.” Dean winked because he couldn’t help himself.
Castiel wished he could help Ben, but he knew it was out of his hands. Besides, he wasn’t sure if he could even protect Dean in this new world where all disasters occurred purposefully. Fucking angels. Because that’s what they were. Castiel had no doubt about that anymore. Dean’s perception of angels was the total opposite of reality, but Castiel wasn’t going to use that against him now.
The realization took some time to settle it, but when it did, Dean stood and paced the room. “Holy shit, I’ve never been in love before. I was with Lisa all through high school, and then for six years after that, and I never even loved her. At least not like this. And I thought that she had broken my heart, but my heart was never broken because of her. It was only because of Ben.”
Dean scoffed. “That doesn’t count. I didn’t want it.”
When he saw Sam’s name on the screen, Castiel grew worried.
Dean shook his head, keeping his eyes down at all times. He was avoiding looking at Castiel. “She said Benjamin wants to meet Ben. She invited him to his birthday party on the twenty-sixth.”
“I would rather not get into that yet. I hope you understand.”
They paid their tab, and hurried out to the parking lot, laughing all the while. Once inside the Impala, Castiel pulled Dean to the backseat, pinned him on the seat, and straddled his lap. Castiel’s mouth was filthy against Dean’s mouth, tongue and teeth moving in a frenzy. Dean bucked his hips against Castiel’s and the friction made them both moan louder than any of Dean’s fake moans. Castiel nipped and sucked Dean’s lower lip until Dean was gasping.
Dean looked up at her, his heart getting way ahead of him. “Are you serious?”
Castiel squinted his eyes. “You
Dean turned to Castiel. “I know this is gonna sound crazy, but I would love to end their marriage.”
“Good,” Dean said. “Let’s eat now. I’m not letting all this food go to waste.”
“Okay,” Ben said, heading for the bedroom.
Dean caught Castiel’s smile and returned it. “Absolutely.”
“Bad things happen, Dean. At least you didn’t get hurt.” Castiel smiled at Dean, though it didn’t last.
Frowning, Castiel nodded. “Taking that job was the hardest decision I’ve ever made. The last thing I want to do is leave. I’ve gotten used to seeing you all the time. I didn’t think I could bear being away from you anymore. But I’m thirty years old, and I don’t want to be at a dead-end job for the rest of my life. I want us to figure something out. I could drive here, or you could drive there. It doesn’t have to be every weekend, but we could try it out. We can talk on the phone, text, video chat. Whatever it takes. I want this to work for us, Dean.” Castiel leaned his forehead against Dean’s.
“I’m so sorry for your loss, Castiel,” Charlie said, letting him go and plopping down on a chair at the table. “How are you dealing with all of this?”
“No questions asked. Do you trust me, Dean?”
They made it to their hotel shortly after noon, so it was a four-hour drive with morning traffic. Not so bad. Dean’s legs were a little stiff, but he wasn’t exhausted. They could do this. They
“Another,” Dean said, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s neck and pulling his face even closer as he kissed him again and again as Castiel sunk another finger inside. Dean gasped, the pressure building up.
“I’ll try anything once.”
“I really like you,” Castiel said, and his words were unwavering. “I don’t want to move too fast. You can’t rush these things,” he said, repeating Dean’s words from earlier.
“There’s a coffee shop near my house,” Dean said.
Dean squared his shoulders. “What? No, I never said that.”
Dean shook his head, trying to push Castiel again. “You’re just all about the money, aren’t you?”
Dean sighed. “Alright.” Dean shared a look with Castiel as he followed Aaron to the breakroom, which was empty. “What’s going on?”
“You got it,” Jo said.
“You’re such a flirt.”
Dean and Sam walked together.
Castiel grinned. “We’re here to have lunch with you. I made some sandwiches.”
Dean sat down at one of the empty desks at the front and looked ahead. The young professor was dressed more like a student with her ripped jeans, Star Wars t-shirt, and pink sweater. Her red hair was tied up in a ponytail. Very informal. Dean liked that.
When Dean was back in the passenger seat of Sam’s car, the shivers started. Dean had full body chills with a side of teeth chattering. Closing his eyes, Dean wrapped his arms around himself, searching blindly for a blanket that didn’t materialize.
“Yeah?”
my exception in many other areas.”
Charlie rolled her eyes. “I swear, Cas won’t shut up about you. All I hear is Dean is so smart. Dean is so great. Dean said this, Dean said that. I keep having to stop him to tell him, hey man, he’s my student too. I know how awesome he is.”
Dean’s hands slid down to Castiel’s shoulders, fingers digging into flesh as Dean’s come spurted out of him, his body shaking with the motion.
“That might take some time to set in,” Jody agreed. “Have you talked to him about how you feel about him? Have you told him that you see him as Claire’s dad?”
Dean smiled when he saw the person on the front row with her hand raised. He called on her.
“Gabriel, right?” Dean stood up.
They both managed to finish before their time was up, which Dean was eternally grateful for because he’d lost track of the times he’d been back on set with a bad case of blue balls. Damn Castiel and his seductive methods.
“Bobby helped a lot,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck the way he did when he was embarrassed. Dean never did well with compliments, even though he often deserved them.
Dean took a bite, the chocolate cracking into small pieces and falling down. “That’s good.”
“I know that’s what I’m doing right now,” Castiel said. “But I need your help. I need suggestions.”
Dean smiled. Castiel had trusted him with his new book. And Dean would be lying if he said he wasn’t excited to dive right into it. Last night, he’d finished the first book and started the second one about vampires. Castiel’s books were really good. By the sounds of it, his newest one wouldn’t fall far behind.
“I’m rooting for you, Dean,” Castiel whispered, giving him another warm smile.
Sam sighed, shaking his head. “I’m afraid not. Jess and I have been tied up to our necks. This is the first weekend I’ve had available.”
Dean smiled. “Around 7:00 pm.”
“I should have fought for you too. I shouldn’t have dated Sarah just to get back at you. I should have waited.”
And Dean?
Castiel looked touched. “Thank you for saying that, Lisa.”
It had taken a lot of work to make watching a movie romantic, but Dean was proud of his setup.
Dean ran the long length of the room until he found himself cornered. The red devil raised the pitchfork, but just before it got to him, Dean crouched down. Then he rolled on the ground and ran in the other direction. The process was repeated a few times, and Dean broke into a sweat. This was not fun. He was not a good runner, and his fighting skills weren’t perfect, even with the angel death under his belt.
Castiel wrapped an arm around her shoulders. “Of course. We’ll do all those things.”
Surprised, Castiel raised his eyebrows. “You’re quite the gentleman.”
Pamela grinned. “Good for you. I’m glad you’re so happy.”
“Didn’t say anything?” Dean asked.
Castiel smiled, and there was a slight flush to his cheeks, but he kept on drawing.
Dean groaned. “I missed her all day.”
Castiel looked at him, and his eyes instantly softened, but he looked irritated about it. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
Castiel had not been prepared to defend himself when, under the water, Dean grabbed both of Castiel’s feet, making him jump, trying to escape.
Dean’s mouth was suddenly dry. “Yes, sir.”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asked.
Dean hummed, shutting his eyes tighter. “What? I’m up, I’m up.”
At that, Cas frowned, looking embarrassed and disappointed. “Oh. I’m sorry. I thought—this was a bad idea.”
“Funny guy.”
In the morning, Castiel’s house was full of people.
“Are you serious?” Sam looked mortified. “Dean, I had no idea you were scared of heights.”
Thanksgiving came suddenly this year. That was probably because Dean had been so busy with Claire that every day went by in a blur of dirty diapers and baby formula and puke. Dean and Castiel had found a routine that worked for them. When Dean went back to work, Castiel spent the day with Claire, but after work, Dean was in charge of Claire while Castiel worked on the revisions of his book. They still took turns getting up when Claire woke up in the middle of the night.
Dean nodded, already removing his own shoes and t-shirt. He glanced over at Amelia. “Are you coming in with us?”
“Dad,” Claire said.
“Those are amazing,” Castiel said, peering at Dean’s sketches. “I think we have a solid start. We just have to keep adding on to it.”
“Oh, I know. You’re one of those ‘go big or go home’ type of people. I fucking love that about you.”
“If you do, can you mix them in with my pancakes? I’m really craving black olives right now.”
“Ohhh.” Sam grinned. “So, I guess my plan to set Dean up with someone did work out, after all. Just not in the way I had expected.”
“What?” Castiel and Anna both asked at the same time.
Sam actually blushed. “We’re going on a second date the day after Christmas.”
Dean groaned. “The guy’s an asshole. If I don’t argue with him, I’ll explode. I swear, everything I do annoys him. And vice versa.”
“I’ll think of something,” Castiel said, smiling.
Dean hit ignore. He was definitely not talking to Castiel right now.
Castiel sat up straighter, addressing the entire room. “I’ve been to Point Pleasant twice already. The first time was chaotic, but exciting all the same. The second time, Dean and I interviewed a few townspeople that had lived through the Mothman’s encounters, and they shared their stories. I don’t think an entire town could make up this creature. I don’t know what he really is, or his purpose, but I do believe the Mothman is real.”
“You sound just like Amelia.”
Castiel wrapped an arm around Dean and pulled him close. “We can do this, Dean. Just believe in yourself as much as I believe in you.”
Castiel leaned even closer so his hard, leaking cock was pressing against Dean’s bare chest. Dean took hold of it, but Castiel didn’t need much longer before he came all over Dean’s stomach, trembling through the aftershocks. Dean still had some way to go, so Castiel never stopped moving, sliding in and out of Dean faster every time. Dean threw his head back against the armrest, and Castiel licked a line up his throat. “Come for me, love. I know you’re close.”
“How is he?” Sam asked.
“Cas,” Dean said, because it was the only word he could remember. The only name his mind could conjure up anymore.
Fair point, but Dean was not about to let Castiel be right about something. “They’re my friends. Something you’re clearly not. And there’s no need to be a jackass all the time.”
“Yes, dinner. Somewhere nice. Maybe we can dress up for the occasion. Do you like Italian?”
“Ow,” Castiel said, smiling.
Dean stopped walking, and Castiel bumped into him from behind. Smiling, Dean turned to him, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s waist and held him close. “If you’re so worried about me, why don’t you come with me? You said before you’d be joining me on these filming trips. You’re more than welcome to join me.”
“Thank you,” Castiel said.
“Hey,” Dean said, standing far from Lisa at the kitchen counter, wanting to keep a distance to not upset her. “How’s it going?”
Aaron laughed. “Gee, thanks.”
Sam and Jess walked in, wanting to take pictures of the cake, so everyone moved aside to give them room to do it. Afterwards, the two of them took Dean back outside and Amelia and Castiel trailed behind them all.
“Well, there’s moose,” Dean said. “Giant ones. I really want to see one up close. I want to try some poutine. I want to learn some French. There’s lots of great things in Canada.”
Sam and Jess, who was holding Claire, were in the living room. Charlie and Rosa were on the other couch. Before they could exchange more than smiles, Dean walked in from the kitchen.
“I know, but it doesn’t hurt to keep trying.”
Sam chuckled. “Now that we had this talk, it’s so obvious what was happening between you guys. I can’t believe I didn’t see it before.”
Dean blushed. “I haven’t looked at my menu yet.”
“Shut up,” Anna said, scrunching her nose.
There was a knock on Dean’s trailer door. “Set call in ten minutes,” one of the crewmembers called, slightly opening the door.
“Oh, Dean, this one is fantastic.” Castiel licked his fingers this time, and Dean’s mind went straight to the gutter. Dear God, Castiel was the most seductive pie eater Dean had ever met. He was driving him crazy.
“I’ll walk you to your room,” Castiel said, trailing behind her.
The audience laughed, obviously charmed by anything coming out of Castiel’s mouth.
“Yeah, and she’s our neighbor now. We gotta be nice.”
“She’s in perfect condition. How long have you had her?”
Dean pulled Castiel in for another kiss, and he kissed him until they were both panting, trying to catch their breaths. “I want you, Cas. I want you.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m calm,” Castiel lied, trying to take a few deep breaths. “How are you feeling? Any pain?”
“Oh, that’s nice. Let me know if you want Jess and I to bring something.”
Dean laughed, but the pitch was off and made him sound insane. “You’re sorry? You’re fucking sorry? You’re not sorry. You’re a fucking monster is what you are, Lisa.”
Castiel looked at Dean. “You didn’t send him the pictures we took?”
Dean was glad Jo trusted him enough to be honest. “Don’t be sorry. We’re friends, right?”
“Is she okay?” Dean asked, sitting on the carpet beside Castiel, legs crossed.
a jolly snake, indeed,” Castiel said. “I guess there’s no harm in trying something new. I’ll eat some of the forbidden fruit.” Castiel plucked the purple fruit from the tree and actually bit into it. Although Dean had been expecting cardboard, the fruit was very real, and Castiel ate it.
That made more sense. Dean was kind of flattered that Amelia had gushed about them to her friends. “Yeah, I love the Novaks. I didn’t know everyone in this neighborhood was so close.”
It had been a few hours of Led Zeppelin when Castiel finally turned down the music to talk. He’d been content to keep the peace between them as the music played and they ignored each other, though he knew it wouldn’t be permanent. Now his legs felt stiff and he needed to break some of the tension between them.
“Do we?”
“I’m sorry about Amelia,” Lisa said. “She was a good friend.”
Castiel had his head pressed against the Impala’s cold window, feeling the lingering effects of his morning headache. He was so tired, but there was no time to sleep. He had to stay awake in case anything went wrong. When Dean stopped at a gas station, there was a long line of cars. It took an hour to access a gas pump, but the only way to pay for the gas was with a card since there were no employees inside the store. It was starting to feel like the end of days.
“Naomi’s still being Naomi, huh?”
“Dean, come on. You’ll meet her when I bring her over for Christmas.”
“Alright, that’s enough of that,” Dean said, clearing his throat. “Now, tell me, what do I have to do to convince you to get out of this moldy basement?”
“How…how do you feel?” Dean asked, closing the distance between them. A shaky hand ran up to cup Castiel’s cheek, leaving a soft caress.
“Thank you, Charlie, but I think Dean and I have it covered for now,” Castiel said.
“Hey,” Dean said, surprised to find her there. “Good morning. Come on in.”
A couple months after that, Castiel changed.
The moment the screen showed the obvious results, and Castiel’s face flashed on the screen, Dean let it all out. Vomit spilled everywhere around him, and it just kept coming and coming. Dean fell to his knees and his head continued spinning. Castiel couldn’t do this. It couldn’t all fall on him. Castiel couldn’t do this. He couldn’t. He just couldn’t.
“I know, I know.” Dean swallowed. “I should be more grateful. And I think you’re right. A lot has changed. Nothing has to be weird between us.”
“What if this Jody person listens to me and decides she can’t fix me? What if she tells me I’m a lost cause?”
Ben. Castiel knelt down to hug Ben tight. Despite having spoken to him on the phone during the week, it was nothing compared to getting to see him in person.
Christmas was, in simpler terms, a nuisance.
Jo let out a soft chuckle. “Well, you don’t have to worry about that, do you? Here, come sit down and have a piece of your own pie. Get that evil vegan pie out of your head.”
This time, Castiel paid for their meals. Dean took his food to go, and they set out back to the office. They were laughing as they walked back to their desks, and Dean didn’t miss the looks they were given. Dean was annoyed to have so many nosy people in their business.
“It’s okay to admit that you don’t.” Amelia reached across the table to place her hand over Dean’s. “You can love Ben without loving Lisa.”
“Wait, Gabe’s helping you move?” Dean asked.
“Lisa and I have always had problems. We’ll get through this like we always have before.”
Castiel covered Dean’s mouth with his hand. “No, Dean. I meant, I will help you find a stranger to kiss you. I won’t kiss you myself.”
“Excuse me?” Dean said.
Dean widened his eyes as he watched her walk away. He didn’t know what had changed in her, or why she was acting this way, but it had to be a good thing. Right?
Castiel’s bright blue eyes were fixed on Dean, welled up with tears. Somehow, Castiel kept himself from spilling any of them.
Castiel turned around to find Dean on the sliding glass doorway. “Dean, don’t come out.”
“I do.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck, looking back at the records in the L section. “I do need you. I can’t find Led Zeppelin IV, so I’m wondering if we can do something about that."
“Hello,” Castiel said, waving a hand.
Castiel swallowed, and his throat was dry. “I’d love to join you, but I have to talk to my parents about it first. Unfortunately, I won’t be eighteen until August, so I still need their permission.”
Castiel rubbed his face and sighed. “Alright. I’ll join you tonight. Just promise me you won’t do anything reckless.”
“You sure can,” Ellen said, returning with two opened bottles.
The girl nodded. “Yes, we do. Do you have something specific in mind?”
“Hey,” Castiel said, pressing up against Dean’s side. “I didn’t know about your mom.”
Castiel chuckled. “How did you forget this, too? You can clearly see mine.”
No, he definitely wasn’t. He’d completely forgotten. “I’m going to have to go after you because I’ve never even tried to work a grill before. But when it comes down to the taste, oh, it’s going down, Winchester.”
“In there,” Castiel said. “Doing yoga.”
“Why would you go to Canada?” Castiel asked, blinking. A crease formed on his forehead. “What’s so good about Canada?” It almost sounded accusatory.
“Who doesn’t love horror movies?” But honestly, he did have a tendency to ramble about them. Horror was kind of his thing.
“Yes, we will,” Anna said. “Come on, Castiel. We don’t want you getting sick right now.”
“What is it, Cas?” Dean asked. “What’s going on?”
Dean grinned. “Thanks.”
Castiel clapped Sam’s shoulder. “That’s good because I wasn’t asking you, Sam.”
“Of course you can. She’s your niece.”
Anna responded by dry-heaving.
“I’ve heard so much about you,” Charlie said, smiling at Castiel. “Dean won’t shut up about you.”
As the music played, Dean finished the last of his beer and pretended to check his watch. He mumbled something about heading to bed, and after a moment, asked if Castiel wanted to join him. Castiel had blushed in an endearing way that Dean would never get tired of seeing, and he followed Dean to his bedroom. When they’d found themselves alone, neither of them made a move. Castiel had seemed genuinely curious about Dean’s bookshelves, holding a variety that ranged from Vonnegut to Orwell to Austen, because Jane Austen was a kickass author and she deserved to be read by everyone.
“Right.” Castiel made a mental note of the day of the week it was, just to keep himself grounded.
“Where is he?” Benjamin asked Lisa.
“If your invitation still stands, I was thinking maybe Lisa, Ben, and I could come over for dinner this Friday,” Dean said. “I think we’ll have everything unpacked by then.”
“I know. I’m full of great ideas.”
Castiel followed Dean to his couch, and let the other man flip to the right channel. It was when Dean put his boots into Castiel’s nice coffee table that he had to speak up.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I agreed to date you and you immediately tried to poison me. Well done.”
Raejean laughed, the soft sound echoing around them. “I’d like to see you try.”
As the phone rang, Dean sat back on the couch, slumped down and nearly defeated. He’d lost all his previous adrenaline while trying to come up with some kind of solution that didn’t leave him without any member of his family.
Dean grinned. “Perfect. Let me go get ready. I’ll be right back.” Dean hesitated, turning around before he reached the bathroom. “I promise sex won’t be this technical after tonight. I just wanted us to be on the same page.”
Dean had gone on to date many women and men, and he assumed Castiel had done the same. His life was good in Kansas. Quiet, and sometimes lonely, but good. Seeing Castiel at Judy’s diner now, though, made Dean feel like something was definitely missing in his life. Maybe it was his old friend.
On the morning of the first day of shooting, Dean was up at 5:00 am. He was so ready to get back to work. He’d even shaved this morning.
Castiel grinned the moment Dean took out his guitar from its bag. “Kids, come here, your dad’s going to play us a song.”
“Couldn’t have parked anywhere else, dude?” Dean asked over the top of his Impala.
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Look, it doesn’t matter. Let’s focus on swimming. How about we race each other? From here to that rock over there.”
Dean gaped at his phone. Castiel had definitely heard his conversation with Charlie. How much had he heard? Oh God. Dean was not prepared for this.
“Uh-huh,” Bobby said, standing in front of them. “You find all the stuff you need?”
“I think Cas is pretty set on the things he hates. I would know. I’m at the top of his hate list.”
“This is a big project,” Castiel said, chewing on his lips in a way that made it hard for Dean to look anywhere else. “It’ll require a lot of work from both of us.”
“Come on. We can’t just pretend that we haven’t kissed before. We’re past the fact that we’re both attracted to each other.” Dean nudged Castiel’s bare ribs.
Castiel bumped their shoulders together. “I’d like to know what I can do to make you smile. If my muse is unhappy, then how will I get any work done?”
“Are you sure I’m invited? I don’t want to intrude.”
Castiel sipped it carefully. “Not well. How did you sleep?”
“Well, at least he talked to you about it. I’ve heard his food is good, but I don’t know how I’d feel about vegan pumpkin pie.”
“That’s great, Dean. I’m glad to hear you’re enrolling full-time.” Castiel got quiet for a moment. “Do you think I could come over tomorrow night? I have something to give you, and a bit of bad news.”
When Sam arrived with the food, Dean went to look for Castiel. He was sprawled on the bed, on top of the covers, sleeping. At least he’d managed to fall asleep and get some rest. He had a quiet snore, which Dean had known after their camping trip. Dean knew that if he woke him up, Castiel would only start crying again.
On an impulse, Dean grabbed his keys and wallet and got in his car. He picked up enough Chinese food for two, and drove straight to Castiel’s apartment.
Charles smiled and it was fucking irritating. “Why should I do anything you say, Castiel? If my presence makes you so unhappy, then you’re free to go. I’m here to support my daughter. I don’t quite care if you like it or not.”
Dean broke the kiss, breathing heavily. “Thought about it enough. Let’s do this.”
There were good days in Dean’s life.
Castiel followed the waiter as he helped another table. Then he turned to Dean. “Perhaps I’m reading this wrong, but this doesn’t feel like the beginning of a romance. This seems to be a means to a quick fling. Am I mistaken?”
Dean pointed at Ash. “Yes!”
Same as always, Dean wished that Ben was back in his life. Dean missed him so much. There wasn’t a day that went by when Dean didn’t miss Ben. If he could at least hear his voice, or know that he was doing okay, that he was still obsessed with dogs, that he still loved Capri-Suns and lollipops. Dean wanted to talk to him, to remind him that he loved him, would always love him. Dean wondered if Ben would still remember him years from now. Would Ben forget him? Dean knew he wouldn’t ever forget Ben, but he knew that young kids often forgot certain aspects of their childhood. Dean would most likely be forgotten, too. Maybe it was for the best. If Ben forgot about Dean, then he wouldn’t have to miss him. That would be a good thing, as painful as it was for Dean to admit it.
Dean glared. “You’re not helping, Sammy.”
“Not really,” Dean said. “Lisa doesn’t think so, anyway. Benjamin West is Ben’s father, and he wants Ben to know that, to never forget it. So, I have to just deal with it. What other choice do I have?”
Dean smiled crookedly. “We should probably go already. Kevin is staring at us from inside, and he’s looking very judgmental about us lingering in the parking lot.”
Castiel nodded without lifting his face. “I asked him if he could stay with Claire while I came to get you. But I just wanted to check you out a little bit.”
Dean glanced at the clock. “My shift’s about to start.”
“Let me know if you need help moving all your stuff,” Jo said. “I have a pickup.”
“I suppose that’s the only alternative to staying out in the cold,” Castiel said, sighing. “I’ll help you, Sam.”
Dean looked at Castiel. “And what are we?”
Castiel looked at Chuck. “If this is my home, I feel responsible for cleaning it up. Please let me.” It was the least he could do. Chuck didn’t have to open up his home for Castiel.
“Lisa and Ben went to visit Lisa’s mom,” Amelia explained.
Castiel had that in common with Amelia. Neither of them liked being the center of attention, even on birthdays or parties. Dean respected that, so he gave Castiel his word that he wouldn’t tell anyone.
“I won’t let you go, Dean,” Castiel said. “I’ve got you.”
That was something.
“Well, for starters, it’s heavily centered around Michael and Emmanuel falling in love. It’s interesting because Rae was the one who was openly gay on the show. Although, there are countless fan theories that Michael and Emmanuel were gay too.” Jack smiled at Dean. “To answer your question: yes, I’ve read the fanfiction. And yes, some of it is good.”
“You didn’t turn me gay, Dean,” Castiel said, removing his aviators so he could meet Dean’s gaze. “I’ve always been open to falling in love with anyone of any gender. It just so happened that I’d only fallen for women up until I fell for you. I guess it was easier for me to believe that I was straight, after all. But I wasn’t, not even when I was with Amelia. I’ve never been straight. I should have been honest with you about that since you kept thinking I was straight and I never corrected you. I just thought it didn’t matter at the time.”
“Hey, Lisa,” Dean said with a smile. “You having a good time?”
“Oh.” Castiel made an O with his mouth, realization hitting him at once.
Dean looked completely taken aback, and apparently, at a loss for words.
“Seriously?” Dean asked.
“Yeah. I think she liked it because she was smiling.”
Castiel knew that Bobby had something else to say to him because he was standing about six feet away from him, eyes roaming the room like he was trying to find the right place to set them. Castiel was getting ready to prompt Bobby in order to make it easier on him, but thankfully Bobby finally broke the silence.
“No,” Dean spoke up. “I almost cried thinking Dan was a killer. It was torture.”
“Tell him I’m still waiting for that visit he promised me weeks ago.” Bobby frowned. “That kid likes to disappear for a long while.”
Castiel glanced at Dean before he looked back at the trembling man. “I don’t understand. We only heard one angel, and you heard more than one, but all of these people seem clueless.”
“Bobby’s giving me a dirty look ‘cause I’m supposed to be working right now—I’ll get off the phone, just let me say goodbye to my boyfriend first. Sorry, Cas, but duty calls.”
Fortunately, Dean didn’t have to look Castiel in the eye when he went back to his house. Sam and Jess were gone, and Claire was asleep in her crib. Castiel’s bedroom door was left ajar, and Dean could hear his soft snores, so he knew he was asleep. The guest room looked dark, so he figured Robert and Esther were also asleep. Dean changed into his pajamas in the bathroom and went to bed on the couch.
Castiel came running, panic clear on his face. “What is it? Dean, what’s wrong?”
“My favorite.”
“I know.”
“Are we showing Mrs. Barnes all of this?” Castiel wondered.
While Castiel wrote, Dean worked on creating the three characters. Castiel described two of them, and Dean tried to recreate them to match his description. The third one Dean came up with on his own—a tall, lanky guy with limbs too big for his body, similar to Sammy in his teens.
“Hey.” Dean came back outside, sitting on the step beside Castiel. He’d put his guitar away and had brought back a thin blanket to spread over both of their legs.
“That’s what you get for stealing my man,” Meg said, crossing her arms and tapping her foot for effect. She was really in character.
“I hope you feel right at home,” Jess said.
“That’s wonderful news, Dean. Now I really wish I was there so I could see him, too. This is...this is a lot to take in.”
“What movie?”
“Ow,” Dean complained, rubbing the offended area. “Fine, you’re fucking buff and muscular. Just change inside. I’ll cover my eyes. It’s not a big deal.”
Dean stared at Castiel for what felt like a small eternity, thinking long and hard on what he wanted to do, and what he should do. What he wanted to do went completely against what he should do, which was turn around and attempt to sleep. But somewhere in his subconscious he knew that he would never go to sleep without doing what he wanted to do.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I’ll be back shortly. Text me if you need anything.”
“No, I don’t need a cab,” Dean said, managing to sit up a little straighter, clutching the counter for support. “I have my Baby. My trusty, trusty Baby.”
Castiel blushed before he agreed on the study date.
“Alright, you’re good to go, handsome,” Dean said, finally retrieving his popsicle hands from Castiel’s neck.
“Well, I kind of have a date tomorrow.”
Dean had a mouthful of pancakes when Castiel started smiling, but it wasn’t his usual soft smile, this one was secretive and weird. What was he hiding?
Jo and Charlie were having trouble with their equipment, and Sam looked annoyed.
“I remember,” Castiel said, looking up at Dean. “Do you work on commission?”
When the competition rolled around in the evening, Dean had sold out of everything except his one apple pie. But then, so had Castiel. He had a single cherry pie on his table.
“I’m glad to know you’re leaving that behind then.”
“Yes, I was scared after that kiss. I ran away from you that day. I had to figure out what I was feeling. I’d lived all my life thinking I was straight but then you showed up in my life and there was no one I wanted more. And when you kissed me, I fucking loved it. God, Dean, I loved it so much. But then I got scared and left. I was going to come back to you.”
Dean took a long swig from his beer, and the cold bitterness felt so good. He hadn’t realized he’d started crying until the wind hit his face and he felt the cold wetness on his cheeks.
“Cas, you’re telling me you don’t feel romantic enough to write interesting romance novels?” Dean huffed. “You don’t know what you’re saying. Hang on.” Stretching back, Dean grabbed Castiel’s laptop from his bag, near Anna’s dangling feet. “Don’t distract me. I’m going to read this, and prove to you how great it is.”
“So am I,” Dean said. “Ben, what do you say we get out of the lake and have an early lunch?”
“What?” Sam asked. “Why not?”
“It’s fucking cold, Sammy. Turn up the heat.”
“Very different,” Castiel agreed. “I thought you weren’t into the
“Welcome home,” Lisa said before releasing him.
“It’s the nerves.” Rosa laughed. “Just breathe. Castiel is already outside. Don’t keep him waiting.”
Dean kissed Castiel’s lips. “I missed you, too.”
: Also I like you.
After getting dressed, Dean made the walk back to his house. He instantly regretted not having driven his car, but it was too late for that now.
“Thank you,” Dean said. “It’s very nice meeting you. Cas has talked a lot about you.”
“Missed you,” Dean said, angling their mouths again, and any reply Castiel could have given disappeared. Dean’s tongue brushed the top of his mouth, and Castiel arched his back against the seat. “Fuck,” Dean whispered against his lips, breaking off the kiss only to press open-mouthed kisses to Castiel’s neck.
Dean groaned. What the fuck had he done? Drinking and using a laptop should not be allowed. But it wasn’t like Dean would have let anyone stop him.
“I’m glad to know you feel that way,” Castiel said. “Gabriel judged me for devouring your pie in just a few hours. He also called me a traitor, for preferring your pies over mine.”
“I just wanted to take pictures,” Dean said. “Look, I got one of your brother trying to open a peanut. He looks so serious. Like opening this peanut is his one task in the world, his mission. There’s a whole story behind it.”
“This place is nothing like the taco place on our first date, but I could still show you a good time.”
“It’s obvious,” Castiel said. “You don’t hide your flings very well.”
“It’s more of a mystery romance novel, yes,” Castiel said. “Between two men.”
“This was a good distraction,” Castiel admitted, heading out of the store.
“I’m always nice.”
In the morning, Castiel had been discharged from the hospital, and he’d offered on accompanying Dean and Anna to get the parts for the Impala. But after much insistence from Dean, he agreed to stay back at the motel and get some rest. Dean had found a movie on TV for him to watch so he wouldn’t get too bored or antsy. Although cheesy,
“I would never run away from you.”
“Why do you like these old things?” Sam asked.
“Did I hurt you?” Dean asked between his panting, running his fingertips over the red spot.
Dean snorted. “I don’t sing, Cas.”
“Did you get him to read?”
Dean waved a hand. He wasn’t going to tell Sam what he and Castiel had been in the middle of when he’d called. What the hell
Dean touched his limbs to make sure he was still whole, and then did the same to Castiel. “You okay?”
With Ben came Claire, Dandy, and little Doug.
“Cold hands,” Castiel repeated.
Castiel was still crying quietly, head covered up. He looked like a child, so frail and small. Dean wished he could erase all the pain he was feeling, but that was impossible. So, he threw an arm around Castiel’s shoulders and held him tight.
Castiel was touched that Dean had shared his books with his brother and sister-in-law. However, he did wonder why Dean hadn’t mentioned it at all. “I didn’t know Dean made you read my books.”
“I thought we were going back to my store. Listen to
“Salads,” Castiel answered easily.
But Dean thought back to his dad. John had done the exact same thing the day his mom had died. Dean was turning into his father in the blink of an eye.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Don’t be such sore losers!”
“Really? Now I’m really eager to hear what my muse thinks.”
When class was over, Dean hovered by Castiel, who was still gathering his belongings.
“Then let’s get some beers.”
Cas grinned, taking Dean’s hand. “You may.”
Kevin made a face and ignored the remark, walking outside.
Castiel shrugged. “Maybe.”
“I wish we had stuff like this back home.”
“Mom, I hope you can understand my reasons for what I am about to tell you,” Castiel said, holding his own cup of tea in his hands. The warmth seeping through made him bolder somehow. “I’m different now.”
“Believe me when I tell you my heart is fucking racing right now. Dean! I can’t believe it’s you. I had to call in a few favors to get your cell phone number. How the hell have you been, chico?”
Dean sat down as well. He noticed that Anna was still standing, gaping with wide eyes at the two of them. “Have a seat, Anna. Food will get cold.”
“I love you,” Dean breathed into Castiel’s lips. “I love you so damned much, Cas.”
They continued watching the show. Dean tried to explain the overdramatic situations the characters found themselves in to Castiel as the episode went on, and Castiel seemed quick to pick up on it. Truth was, the show wasn’t all that hard to follow, even in the middle of the season. And watching it with Castiel instead of alone was kind of fun.
No, she had never been naïve enough to think that their encounter had been fate, but it was too convenient. Maybe it wasn’t, though. Maybe it was just completely random.
The video had picked up a strange voice on the audio, something that sounded like, “Leave now.” Dean had known than he hadn’t been welcome at that house. Castiel had told him to never go back there again, and Dean had listened.
Lisa combed her fingers through Ben’s hair. “Ben, do you remember all those times I talked about your other dad? The one who wasn’t Dean?”
“You’re never gonna let that go, are you?”
“Get back to work now, Mr. Winchester.”
“Oh, I did,” Castiel said, grinning at the ceiling. “I was having an interesting dream. But then you interrupted it. I’m afraid I missed the best part of my dream.”
“It’s time to go,” Castiel said, bending down to kiss Dean’s forehead. “Claire wore you out, didn’t she?”
Castiel couldn’t have asked for a better end to their day.
Dean was starting to blush with all of Sam’s praises. Back then, going camping with Sam was just a regular thing they did. Dean always enjoyed all those nights under the stars with his little brother, but Dean hadn’t been aware of how much Sam had also enjoyed them. It was nice to know that Sam kept fond memories of those times.
“We just entered Mound Township,” Anna said. “At least three hours, I think.”
“I feel something,” Dean said, walking backwards.
Much later, after everyone had left, Dean drove Castiel home. They were sitting in the car, parked across the street from his house. Castiel was stalling because he wouldn’t see Dean again until Monday. For some reason, that felt unbearable. Dean was playing an old Zeppelin tape and talking Castiel’s ear off about his plans after graduation.
“I miss you,” Castiel whispered.
Dean swallowed. “Does this version of you still want me too?”
Dean hummed. “Good night, Cas.”
They clinked their drinks.
“No,” Claire said.
Something shifted in the room. The air was getting tighter. Castiel was so close to Dean. His blue eyes were darker than ever. His lips were parted. Dean’s heart was racing, like it was expecting something thrilling to happen. Castiel’s thumb caressed Dean’s cheek, and it was so tender that Dean almost couldn’t bear it.
“Do that.”
Dean and Castiel walked in silence to the place where the building used to stand. They tried to remove some of the rubble, calling out in case there was anyone left alive. They only found a hand sticking out, already cold.
“Listen, Gabe, I know you don’t know me well,” Dean said.
“Such as?”
listen to you.”
Dean followed Castiel’s gaze. He didn’t know why Castiel was so transfixed by the moon. It wasn’t even whole. It didn’t have any beauty. It just was.
“What? Are you serious? This is a big decision.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow?”
Suddenly, Dean reacted by pushing Castiel’s hand away and then wiping his face with his own napkin. Dean tried to smile so Castiel wouldn’t think anything was wrong, but Castiel had his eyes glued on him.
That was true. Castiel did eat Dean’s food as much as Dean ate his. It wasn’t like Castiel had been serious about his accusations. Castiel liked having Dean around all the time because he had a comforting presence. It was just that sometimes Castiel liked to argue with Dean for the fun of it. “You can’t borrow food. That’s impossible.”
“You’re that crying chick from
“I love Zeppelin the most,” Dean said. “The Ramones, AC/DC, Pink Floyd, the Rolling Stones—all my favorites.”
Castiel hated that it had taken his mother nearly dying for him to give a damn about her again. But there had always been a lot of fucked up aspects about Castiel’s life. Or maybe it was just Castiel who was fucked up. Jody always shut that down every time Castiel brought it up, but she was his therapist so she was getting paid to be nice to him. Speaking of therapy, Castiel had missed his last five appointments. Maybe that was what was making him feel so shitty lately. Well,
Dean sighed, frowning down at his hands. “Yeah, I guess I’m ready to hurt again.”
And left a comment on a picture of me and Meg Masters from a year ago that said “u shud gt merried.” Great spelling by the way.
Dean swallowed, lifting his chin to meet Castiel’s hot gaze. Their position had somehow made Castiel taller. “Am I?”
“No, no, I never said that,” Dean said.
Castiel pulled up at his and Anna’s house. Dean had stirred from his nap a few minutes ago. He couldn’t believe they’d made it just after 9pm. The drive back had been uneventful, but Dean had liked it.
When Ellen, Bobby, and Jo arrived at the hospital, they pulled Dean out of the room and led him back to the waiting room. Dean wasn’t sure how long he’d been sitting in that room, holding Mary’s cold hand that just kept getting colder. It wasn’t possible that she had been that cold from dying. She’d been cold before she died. The room had been too cold for her. And she’d been crying. Had she felt pain? Had she been sad? Dean would never know.
Castiel was silent for a moment. It went on so long that Dean had to check he hadn’t hung up. “What time do you want to go bowling?”
Dean laughed. “I won’t keep you waiting long. I’m working up a real appetite today.”
. She was standing at the stove, making a grilled cheese sandwich.
“I just drank all the water you gave me!” Dean said, throwing his arms out. “Why’d you bring me such a large water bottle, anyway?”
“Actually, yes. It’s been a good day.”
Since the weather was nice, Dean rolled down his windows and turned up the Ramones on the stereo. He looked at Castiel and he let out a small gasp when he saw the way the wind blew at his long hair. Dean had wanted this image, he’d even dreamt it once before. Dean realized how much this meant to him. He wondered if Castiel knew this.
“I caught a peak.” Charlie smiled. “I think he was drawing an angel.”
“We’re already off the schedule,” Anna said, shrugging. “I wouldn’t mind getting an early night in. Or, we could just go get some drinks now, since it’s still
“I’d rather not guess.”
Dean turned to Castiel. “Cas, let’s go see Claire. It’ll help take your mind off of everything else.”
“You’ve been here longer than me. They do care.”
The last thing Dean wanted was to think about Castiel right now and be reminded of how awful and guilty he felt about all the shit he’d spewed at him. “Don’t bring Cas into this.”
“I think I should go first,” Dean said, petting Sophie behind her ear (because of course he brought her along, it was
“Come here.” Dean pulled Castiel down, kissing him long and hard. “I’m always in the mood when it’s you.”
“Don’t worry about me right now,” Dean said. He could endure a plane if it meant he got to be with Castiel when he needed him the most. “We have a plan now. Let’s stick to it.”
“Dean! Happy Father’s Day!”
Amelia gave him a soft smile. “How are you, Dean?”
“I think we got it all covered. Unless you wanna bring some eggnog. We can’t have Christmas without eggnog.”
Dean bit his lip, eyeing him up and down. “Let me do it.”
Dean was
Jack laughed. “I’m totally joking. People love the three of you. There's a crazy amount of fanfiction about the show, you know. Fans are going wild over the news.”
Jess beamed. “Thank you, Castiel. You know, it’s been so great having you all here. Your sister was such great company. We stayed up so late just talking.”
“Can you please be less of a dick?” Anna asked.
Castiel swallowed. “Dean, what if what we saw today was an angel?”
“I’m not your pet,” she said.
“It was all Cas,” Dean said.
Castiel shook his head, still grinning. “No, I was starving. I didn’t pay much attention to anything other than the menu.” He chuckled. “I can’t believe you’re here. I just arrived in town. If I wasn’t so hungry, I would have stopped to visit you first.”
more than ready. But he was sweaty and most likely smelly from the long drive, and he’d really like to feel confident during their first time. Dean had hoped they would have sex while the clock struck midnight. It would be a nice way to ring in the new year. He just hoped Castiel would be on board with the plan. The plan that Castiel didn’t know about.
The word popped in his mind as Dean approached the lifeless body on the bed. Mary’s bald head was uncovered. Dean had the sudden urge to find her scarf somewhere. She wouldn’t want to be seen this way. Her eyes were closed, but a tear had fallen out. Dean brushed his thumb against it, wiping it away.
Lisa met his gaze. “I thought only women told each other this much private stuff.”
“Well, I hope Canada makes you very happy in the summer.” Castiel reached for the door handle, but Dean stopped him, a hand on his forearm.
Dean put on his best fake smile. “I’m happy. Seriously. You have nothing to worry about.”
They lingered another five minutes while Castiel thanked all of the librarians and staff who had put the entire thing together, signing a few extra copies for them and even taking a few pictures.
Dean shrugged. “Spur of the moment.”
Later, they all moved onto the much bigger dinner table—Castiel had to take it out from the garage because it was especially reserved for a lot of guests. They all took turns complimenting Castiel on the food, even Dean, who Castiel knew had been doubtful about the choice of menu. Castiel was glad he hadn’t ruined their Christmas dinner because he was having a great time. When he’d woken up that morning, he’d wondered if he would spend the day missing Amelia, and although he did miss her, he was still able to enjoy himself. Dean’s family was amazing and Castiel felt at home with them. Maybe it was because they were an extension of Dean, who always made him feel at home.
“Yeah, I figured,” Aaron said. “So, I heard you two are kind of a thing.” He motioned between them.
“Holy shit, dude, your shirt is all wet,” Sam said, but Dean couldn’t stop laughing. And then, the rest of his Coke spilled on his shirt.
They found Naomi and Claire in the living room. They were tossing a red balloon back and forth to each other that Naomi had found and asked Castiel to blow up so they could play with it. But as soon as Claire noticed Dean, she abandoned the balloon on the floor and ran towards him, arms lifted and hands opening and closing, meaning she wanted to be carried. Dean picked her up immediately, tossing her a few feet in the air, which always made Claire giggle endlessly. Truth be told, it made Castiel nervous. He didn’t know how to loosen up when it came to Claire, but it was good that Dean did.
“Oh yes,” Castiel said. “I remember our yoga sessions together. If I’d started when I was younger I probably would be more flexible.”
Dean was grilling burger patties while Jo and Castiel sat on the patio chairs deep in conversation, and Charlie swung on the porch swing. Just as he was flipping over the patties, Charlie joined him, handing him one of the two beers in her hands.
“But you’re hungry. Go ahead. I don’t mind.”
“Sure.” Anna smiled at Claire. “You like watching movies with your dad, too, Claire?”
Dean felt that in his gut. He was beaming. Dean let go of Castiel’s hand, just to be extra careful, and buckled his seatbelt. “Okay, here we go.”
Dean burst into laughter. He’d almost forgotten the whole Burger King bit. “I thought you had dethroned me. You became the new Burger King after our last cook off.”
There were a couple of teenagers in the store, but Dean ignored them as he made his way to the front counter. Cas was too busy reading another comic book that he didn’t even notice Dean walking into the store. Batman this time. Cas had great taste.
Sam put his arm around Dean’s shoulders. “I think you need to talk to him. He’ll understand.”
Castiel closed the distance between them to kiss Dean’s lips again, releasing Dean’s hands so he could cradle Dean’s face as he continued kissing him. “I could ask you the same thing,” he whispered before kissing him again.
“Maybe I should call Sammy first,” Dean said. “Just to get an idea of what to expect when—if—I see him.”
“I heard.” Then Castiel was glaring at him. “You don’t have to fight my battles. Aaron didn’t make me uncomfortable. He irritated me.”
“No, it’s not.”
Dean leaned against the wall behind him, staring up at the ceiling. “Two months ago, she lost her fight to cancer. I spent the last year taking care of her. And at her funeral, I told Sam and Jess how much I hated them for not being in my place, for not having given up their lives to care for Mom.” Dean shook his head, wincing at the memory.
“Why not? I like a free dinner.”
“Yes. I want more.”
Castiel smiled at him. “Don’t worry, Sam. Toast will be enough. Do you happen to have some jam?”
Dean looked at him, and there was a sad smile on his face. “I can’t let myself hope for something that’s just not gonna happen. Maybe it’s for the best. I tried having flings, and I tried settling down. Neither of those things worked out. Maybe I’m just not meant to be in a relationship. Besides, I’m not alone. I have you and Claire.”
“I don’t mind.” Castiel was quiet for a moment. “Dean, I’m happy. With you, I mean. I’m happier than I’ve been in a long time. I hope you are, too.”
“Hi, squirt,” Sam said, messing up his hair and sitting Ben on his lap. “You hungry? Aunt Jess brought over a lot of food.”
much,” Sam said, mockingly.
Castiel tried to focus as he played it once more.
Dean smiled. Okay, he’d definitely made the right choice with this class.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “It’s very new. We haven’t labeled it.”
“You love being in denial, don’t you? Well, suit yourself. Call Castiel and ask him if he remembers what he said last night.”
“Amelia has shotgun,” Dean said, and then turned to Lisa. “Sorry, hon. But she let me drive her Bel Air.”
“That’s a dick move,” Dean said, running a hand through his hair. He tried not to think about what he’d done to Castiel because it didn’t compare.
Castiel glared at him. “I am
“Thank you,” Dean said. “My mom actually did my contour.”
“Okay, okay, go on.”
Gabriel smiled and nodded. “Yes, I know this is a first on our show, therefore, very exciting. So I’d like to start by introducing today’s contestants.” At the blink of an eye, Gabriel appeared in front of them, flying above them as he held up the stack of cards in front of him. “I’d like to start on my left here with Castiel.” He flew closer to him, leaning his elbow slightly on the podium. Castiel blinked, his eyes on Gabriel’s wings, almost as though he couldn’t believe their existence. Dean couldn’t understand why he was so drawn to them.
Castiel bit his lip, looking at Dean. “Should I get you a drink? We’re each having a pink pineapple dream. They’re delicious. You should try mine and see if you like it.” Castiel offered the drink to Dean, and Dean took it.
Castiel groaned, taking a seat at the table and slumping ungracefully.
“Sixteen years,” Dean said, a smile tugging at his lips. The hand on Castiel’s forearm drifted down to Castiel’s hand. Involuntarily, Castiel shivered at the coldness. “Sorry. Cold hands. I remember.”
Dean grinned. “We’re going to get so fat eating all this pie.”
Castiel chuckled. “Yes, Anna, Dean and I are into each other. We’re sort of dating, I think.”
Dean widened his eyes. “Did you? No way! That’s awesome, Amelia. Can I see it?”
After getting Ben changed and in his sleeping bag, Dean kissed his forehead. Then Dean gave him Doug the Dog and Ben clutched him in his arms, his eyes fluttering closed.
“It’s gonna take some time to get used to your new normal. But it
Dean sighed, picking up his fork and poking at the cake. He wanted to take a bite, but his stomach was in knots all over again. Was Castiel ever going to speak to him again? When Dean forced himself to look to his right, he found that Castiel was already looking at him. Dean had never seen his eyes look this sad. And it was all his fault.
“Awesome,” Dean said. “Welcome home, Novak.”
: I don’t wanna get you sick.
“Uh, no, I’m actually bringing you one of my own.” Dean handed over the bag. “I packed some ice cream in there too. It’s homemade.”
Charlie was in the living room, holding Claire’s hand as they walked together in circles. Dandy was watching carefully from the rug. As soon as Claire spotted them, she practically ran towards them, falling down halfway through, but picking herself back up to finish the race. She reached Dean first, who dropped all of the bags in order to scoop her into his arms and kiss her face.
“I love you, Winchester.”
“Neither was mine,” Dean muttered.
Castiel leaned his forehead against Dean’s. “Take care of Claire. Make sure she doesn’t miss me too much. Just two weeks.”
started playing, Dean whispered, “God, I love this song.” He’d said it mostly to himself, but he knew Castiel had heard him when he hummed in agreement.
“Flip over the menu.”
you decided.”
Dean abandoned the steaks—they could burn for all he cared—and walked closer to Ben, arms open and inviting. Castiel let go of Ben’s hand and Ben ran as fast as he could into Dean’s arms. Ben had only been gone for a few hours, but Dean had really missed him in that time. Dean filled his face with kisses. “Hey, kiddo. Did you have fun with Uncle Cas and Aunt Amelia?”
Dean widened his eyes. “Are you sure? We got two dogs staring at us right here.”
“Castiel would have never married me if he didn’t love me too,” Dean said, speaking directly to the audience. “Sure, he may have loved you Meg, but he felt the same for me. This is why a duel is the only way to get one of us out of the picture.”
Sam grinned. “Welcome to the family, Cas.” Sam hugged Castiel, and Dean had never been happier.
Why won’t you talk to me? I’ve missed you for ten years, Dean.
“How?”
Ben grinned. “Okay! Do I get special vampire food?”
“No, I wasn’t.”
Castiel smiled. “Yeah. Perks of dating a baker.”
Dean grinned. “I know.” Then he looked at the perfect pair of rocking chairs hiding in the corner of Bobby’s garage. “Hey, did you build those rockers, Bobby?”
Castiel stared at him. “What’s wrong with my truck? It drives fine.”
Charlie held him by the shoulders. “Am I gonna see you later at the coffee shop?”
“Exactly,” Castiel said, throwing a leg over both of Dean’s. “If it’s my party, I get to decide whether I want it or not.”
Dean peeked out the window with one eye, but he quickly shut it, shook his head, and turned to look at Castiel. “Nope. Nothing like this in Oklahoma City. We don’t eat in spinning restaurants in the sky because we’re sane!”
Castiel lifted their hands and kissed the back of Dean’s hand. “Before we leave all that in the past, I’d like to know why you spent the last two weeks avoiding me.”
“It’s not a ghost show,” Charlie said. “It’s not a show at all. It’s real life, man.”
Dean had never been more turned on.
“Don’t bother,” Sam said. “I see you’re busy at the moment. I’ll see you Saturday?”
“Thank you, Dean. I don’t know how I’ll ever repay you.”
Castiel nodded. “You’re welcome.”
“Do people actually call this a restaurant? Soups and salads are add-on items, dude. Not actual meals.”
“I’m not good with a grill,” Castiel said. “But I’m tempted to learn so I can make some myself.”
Castiel was back before Dean could finish his sentence, which was good because Dean had no idea where that sentence was going. What the hell was he supposed to say to that? ‘Oh yeah, I’m smitten with Cas too. So smitten I fell asleep last night thinking about kissing him.’ No, that wasn’t going to cut it.
“Good morning, everyone,” Castiel said.
Castiel looked relieved. “I’m glad to hear that. You know Amelia and I just want the best for you, right?”
When Castiel was satisfied, he rolled off of Dean, falling on his back beside him. They were both sticky and covered in white, but not for the reasons Dean had imagined in any other situation.
“That good?”
Castiel shrugged and pulled out of the driveway. “Maybe another time.”
Castiel pulled away only to move his mouth to Dean’s neck, sucking on the sensitive skin there. When Castiel bit him, Dean yelped and wrapped his legs around him. Castiel moved back to kissing Dean’s lips with an intensity that sped up Dean’s heartrate. “I need to go for a second,” Castiel whispered.
“Hell yeah. I’m not letting him win this round.”
“Sorry we couldn’t get you a man to kiss,” Jo said.
“Cas, I haven’t made any decisions yet. I was hoping we could come up with a solution together like we did last time. Because I’m not okay living without any of you. I’m not gonna choose. I love all of you so much. All three of you. Help me, Cas. I need you now more than ever.”
Dean smiled from ear to ear. He had a great smile. “Okay, if you tell me you’ve seen
Sometime after that, Castiel found a heavy sleep.
Castiel joined Dean on the couch with their teas. Dean took a tentative sip, and it scalded his tongue a little bit. Then he took another, and he could taste the peppermint. It was a soothing taste. Dean took another sip before he set his cup down.
“Me too,” Anna said, beaming. “I had a hunch this trip would be good for all of us.”
Dean shook his head. “I don’t know if I’m even angry at Lisa. I don’t think I feel much of anything for her anymore.”
trust him, completely.
birthday.”
It was probably the most thoughtful thing Naomi had ever done for Castiel, and she was likely never going to tell him about it. Castiel spent some time reading through her comments, laughing quietly at them because he read them in her stern voice. She had good ideas, honestly. Her average comment was just that the book was too scary for her liking, and she wished he’d written something in a different genre, like romance. There was some romance in Castiel’s books, but it was never the focus of the story. He might be a romantic in real life, but not when it came to his books. Well, not until Dean pointed out the obvious romantic undertones in
Castiel huffed, beyond frustrated with the stubborn woman. “The title of ‘father’ should be given to the man who raises his children, not the one who was only good enough to provide his seed. My so-called father never spent one holiday with me. He never played sports with me. He rarely shared a meal with me, if ever. And when he ran out on my family to be with a younger woman, I swore I’d never call that man my father again. Dean may not be Ben’s blood, but already he’s a thousand times more worthy of that title than Benjamin West.”
Preparations aside, the biggest thing Dean had been dreading about this day was not whether the food would be done right or if the bouncy castle would arrive on time, it was worrying about Ben’s reaction to meeting Benjamin West. Lisa hadn’t told Ben anything yet, wanting his biological dad’s visit to be a surprise. Dean hated that Lisa was surprising Ben this way. A surprise would be giving Ben a puppy, not having him meet his supposed dad for the first time on his sixth birthday. But again, Dean said nothing. He kept his thoughts and feelings to himself because there was nothing he could do about them.
Castiel went to lay in bed over the covers. “Are things really that bad with you guys?”
“Good night, Dean,” Castiel said against Dean’s ear.
Gabriel flicked his gaze to Castiel, a new glow in his eyes. “Castiel Novak. A broken, wingless man. Your biggest desire is peace, in the world and in your heart. There’s too much damage to live in peace anymore. Isn’t that right, Castiel?”
an unhealthy amount of times. I think she’s truly convinced that Sam hung the moon. And she’s…well, what can I say? She’s the best mom I could ever ask for.”
“Look, I’m sorry for not wanting Charlie to jump into another relationship so quickly. When it all goes south, guess who has to patch her back up? I’ve been doing it for years, Dean. And sure, Charlie’s so much happier without Bela around, but Bela could show up any day now.”
“Right.” Castiel sighed. “Back to reality.”
“Because we don’t kiss and tell,” Dean said.
“That sounds like a plan.”
Dean kissed down Castiel’s neck. “Anything you want.”
Castiel laughed. “We had originally planned for it to be a surprise until the day she was born, but my wife changed her mind during her last appointment. We’re both very excited.”
Dean tried to remember what day of the month it was. “Oh yeah. Just a few more weeks until I see you again. Your bedroom is ready. I washed your sheets and everything.”
Castiel shifted on the couch, angling his body towards Dean. Claire lifted her hand to grasp Castiel’s hand in hers, and Castiel smiled down at her before his attention turned back to Dean. “Do you think I’m handsome?” There was genuine excitement in his voice that he didn’t bother to hide.
“I wish I hadn’t left at all either.”
“Afterwards, you can come to my place,” Castiel said, the tips of his ears turning pink.
Dean kissed Castiel’s temple. “Alright. I’ll let you thank me. But let me make you dinner tonight to thank you for thanking me.”
Once in the truck, Castiel drove them to the middle of nowhere, a few miles outside of the city where the stars were a lot more visible. He’d brought a blanket, which he’d draped on the bed of his truck so they could lay down and do some stargazing.
“Bobby let me come home early,” Dean said. “I’m going to clean out the garage.”
Castiel gripped Dean’s thigh. “I’d love to take more drives. In this car, in your car, in my car. It doesn’t matter. As long as we’re together.”
Love,
Castiel settled back as well, trying to focus again on the TV. It was difficult this time. Castiel was hyperaware of Dean’s close presence. Dean’s thigh pressed up against Castiel’s, and then Dean’s cold hand went around his shoulders.
“You could ask her,” Dean said. “I’m sure she still remembers my humiliating love life during college.”
“Dean, I can’t just not buy a crib. The sales…” Castiel trailed off. Something occurred to him. “Wait, did you buy a crib for Claire?”
“People like you, Dean,” Castiel said. “They don’t like me, though. So, now that they know we’re friends they might not like you as much.”
“I can help, too,” Dean said. “I’ll carry all your crap.”
Castiel’s heart was racing, and his sweaty hands were gripping the steering wheel as he tried to remember how to breathe again. It took a few tries before his lungs were working properly again. That was when he turned to look at Dean, who looked unnaturally pale. “You okay?”
Dean gave him a mock salute before walking away.
“Then why are you here?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I’m going to go before I regret it.”
“Perfect,” Castiel said. “Say bye, Claire. Buh-bye.”
After dinner, they moved over to the couch. Castiel sat between Dean and Dandy as Dean hit play on the movie. Castiel had long ago stopped caring what Dean made him watch. Spending time pressed up against Dean on the couch was all Castiel could ever focus on anymore. But Dean kept looking at him during the movie to gauge his reactions. Castiel liked that about Dean, that he always wanted to know Castiel’s reactions to everything.
“I know,” Dean said. “It’s not a new number. I’m using a friend’s phone.” He cleared his throat again. “How are you?”
Castiel chuckled. “Thanks. Here’s hoping.” He paid for his coffee and then sat on one of the small tables close to the wall so he could plug in his charger.
“That was an improvisation.”
“Between you and me?” Castiel asked, narrowing his eyes curiously. That was odd. Sam didn’t owe Castiel anything.
“Like a dream,” Amelia said, her mind seemingly far away.
So, Dean and Castiel left Ben with Amelia—Ben refused to peel his eyes away from
“It’s nothing. I’m just sulking.”
Dean nodded, trying to mask the pain in his face. “It’s alright, Ben. You can hug him.”
happy. He’s made his choices.”
Castiel leaned back so he could look at Dean. His lips were enticingly red and swollen, his hair was a wild mess, and his blue eyes were dark and wide. “I love you, too.”
Dean hadn’t noticed that Castiel had entered the room until he spoke.
“Babies usually cry for one of three reasons,” Dean said. “One: they’re hungry. Two: they need a diaper change. And the third one, which is the worst one: they’re sick. We don’t always want to jump to the third one because it’s most likely one of the first two. Sometimes, it’s the first two reasons combined. You should start by checking her diaper. Is it too heavy with pee, or does it have poo?”
“Don’t let any of your fans know that you, Castiel Novak, the great horror author, have never been trick or treating.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Yeah, right.”
You guys wanted more, so here it is.
“Awesome. And Lisa? Thanks for coming back. You shouldn’t have left at all. But you came back, and that’s what matters.”
After a moment of staring at each other, Dean broke the silence.
“I’m thinking.”
“What truth?”
Dean drove Castiel’s truck back home the day after Amelia’s death. Claire, who’d been born with Amelia’s blonde hair, was strapped into the car seat, between Dean and Castiel. It was impossible to believe that Amelia was gone. If Dean hadn’t seen her lifeless body, he wouldn’t have believed the truth. Amelia had been so ready to be a mom. This shouldn’t have happened.
“I want you inside me.”
Sam laughed. “I can see that so clearly. You won’t look so bad with gray hair.”
“At noon,” Dean said. “I’m picking them up at the airport.”
Dean kissed the top of Ben’s head before he continued unpacking. There was a lot to do, but Dean wanted to have most of it done by the time Lisa got home. He wanted to surprise her after a long day of work.
“Okay, well, I should get back to my desk,” Bela said, smiling back at Dean. “I’ll see you later.”
“Understatement.”
Today was Friday, which meant they were ready to go back to Mrs. Barnes’s house and get rid of whatever otherworldly entities resided there. Castiel hadn’t had much time to dwell on the voice that had answered his question—he’d had a bit of an exciting week—but now that he was back in the groove of things, he shivered at the thought of it. Whether or not that shadow behind Dean had been a ghost, the voice on the recorder was clear enough that Castiel couldn’t deny how real it was.
“We’ll take two bacon cheeseburgers with fries,” Dean said, excitedly. “Oh, and a strawberry milkshake for me, and a chocolate one for my awesome friend.”
“I…don’t know.” Something told Dean that it would be weird, but he still didn’t know why. Things with Castiel were different. Special. Dean couldn’t name it, but there was a feeling deep inside of him every time he was with Castiel. Something that made him warm all over. It was the reason he was here so late at night. He needed that warmth, that reassurance.
Yes, he was sorry, too.
“Oh.”
The sound came again. This time, they knew it was coming from the shadow figure. It wasn’t a little girl after all. And then a little giggle came from the same thing. A giggle that erupted into an ominous laugh. It was taunting them. Laughing at them.
Charles let out a breath, his right leg bouncing. “Your brother is here, you say? I’m quite shocked that he decided to show his face here after all these years.”
“They don’t hate me,” Sam said, defensively. “They said I wasn’t ‘that bad’ last time they came to visit. I’ve officially upgraded from ‘pretentious workaholic.’ I’d say that’s progress.”
Castiel made a noise of defeat. “How am I supposed to argue with that?”
“Cut!” Bobby yelled.
Castiel leaned in for another kiss, but this time, he grabbed Dean’s face to pull him in closer. Dean reacted, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s waist, knotting his hands on his shirt. Dean couldn’t stop himself from opening up his mouth for Castiel.
They spent the rest of the day wrapping presents, and they were now lazily decorating the tree. Lazily, because Dean kept pausing to watch the movie.
to kiss Castiel on the lips. Castiel turned Dean’s face towards him so he could look into his eyes again. “Well, according to Jo, we’re Claire’s gay dads. It makes sense for us to kiss.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
Ben nodded. “I’m gonna wake up Dad when the timer on the phone goes off. Then we can eat breakfast.”
followed by the image of a cartoon tea, and a cartoon pie.
Dean felt a pang of jealousy hearing Lisa using Castiel’s nickname. Castiel didn’t allow very many people to use it, but he didn’t even flinch when Lisa did it. But it was normal, after all. They had history. Dean still couldn’t believe it.
All in all, it was not a bad Christmas.
Castiel smiled. “Welcome.”
Castiel scoffed. “If you really think that about him, then why are you still with him? Is it simply obligation? If there’s no love there on your side, I don’t see what you’re doing with Dean, Lisa.”
Dean had goosebumps all up his arms, but he laughed it off. “Hell no. I’m not letting you go anywhere tonight.”
“What? I’m serious. I wear the crown.”
“Let’s just hope it stays that way.”
“That’s it. We’re watching
After Ben woke up and ate breakfast, and a muffin, Dean got both of their swimming trunks on them before heading over to the Novaks. Dean was about to ring the doorbell when the door opened. Amelia stood there, smiling at them both.
Aaron looked from Dean to Castiel. And then back to Dean. “Can we talk? Alone?”
“Fine, fine,” Dean said. “We’ll just put on big smiles and pretend nothing’s changed.”
Silence. A small red light on the voice recorder showed that it was still recording.
“I’m afraid of many things, but not the dark,” Dean said.
Charlie clapped Dean’s shoulder. “Alright, I’ll see you in a bit. Sell your pies and stop making googly eyes at Castiel.”
“Yeah, it’s lonely here without you, too, baby.”
Castiel was on his feet, pulling Dean up by his shoulders. “Come here, I’ll walk you to your room. You need a drink.”
“You and me? For good?”
Dean turned his face and there was Castiel’s cheek and Dean pressed his open mouth against it. It wasn’t a kiss, but it wasn’t not a kiss. It was brief contact, but it sent a thrill all the way down Dean’s body. For just one second, Dean could feel the roughness of Castiel’s stubble. He felt his skin against his lips and it was incredible. When he pulled away, he searched Castiel’s eyes to see if he’d felt what Dean had done. Castiel was looking at him, and there was a glint in his eyes, something bright that Dean hadn’t seen before. Then, very clearly, Castiel looked at Dean’s lips and there was hunger in those blue eyes. It couldn’t have been Dean’s imagination this time because he felt Castiel’s hands tighten on his hips.
The group cheered, and they all clank their glasses and drank.
Lisa glanced over at him with a knowing smile. “Are you going to deny that you’re with him? You’ve never been a good liar, you know. Also, there’s a family picture of the three of you and the dog on the living room wall. It doesn’t get more obvious than that.” Castiel had cleared off enough space for the blown up picture of them he’d hung up.
Castiel’s tongue licked the sensitive area before he sucked hard on it, no doubt to leave a big hickey behind. Meanwhile, Castiel’s hands had run down Dean’s sides, slipping under his shirt, halfway up his torso, fingertips digging into skin.
“Yeah? What were you doing that made you think of me?”
Dean had no idea that Castiel had a frisky side of him. Castiel, who wouldn’t let Dean put his feet on the coffee table, who always had to follow the rules, who had never had sex on anything other than the comforts of a bedroom. This is what led him to initially ignore Castiel’s wandering hand, believing that it was just a playful thing that wouldn’t go anywhere. Until Castiel threw all of Dean’s preconceptions out the window, palming Dean’s cock over his jeans.
“You won’t be my friend at all if you keep talking,” Dean said, lifting his head to finally meet Castiel’s gaze. His green eyes were sad, but so empty. Castiel had never seen Dean this way. It simultaneously broke his heart and infuriated him further.
“I’m throwing a party in two weeks,” Charlie said as she was putting on her jacket. Also, she was a multitasker. Not much had changed in ten years.
“What is it?” Dean asked. Apparently, they thought he could read minds.
“I’m not coming,” Charlie said again, sighing. “Dean, you have to go through with this. It’s something you
“To gay love.”
“I know you’ve been really tired lately, so I wanted to give you a massage,” Castiel said. “Lay down on your stomach.”
Dean gave him a look. “Hey, I’m a good cook. Shut up.”
Dean picked up a clean fork. “You’re right about that.” Before digging in, Dean stopped himself. “Why don’t we warm them up first? I’ll ask Garth. You try mine, I’ll try yours.”
“That’s the one. It starts in, like, five minutes.”
The drive home was quiet, but not the bad kind of quiet. It didn’t feel heavy.
When Dean finally slid into the seat, hands clutching the steering wheel, he felt a little guilty for lusting after another car that wasn’t his trusty Impala. But he thought even she would understand if she saw this wonderful car. Dean ran a hand over the dashboard. No dust. Holy fuck. Dean’s hands were shaking with excitement.
“Dean!” Castiel shouted.
“Do you, now?”
Dean lifted his sleeve and removed the bandage to reveal the wings. The look of shock in Castiel’s face was priceless. Castiel was speechless for a few moments, staring at the wings like he couldn’t really believe they were there, forever on Dean’s skin.
to do this. He had to be brave. Not for anyone but himself. This was only for his own peace of mind. He knew that. It was important
Anna laughed, softly. “That you did, Castiel.”
Dean turned to Castiel, flashing him one of his gorgeous full-teeth smiles. How was it possible that Dean found Castiel handsome? It was thrilling to think that Dean might want Castiel in the same way Castiel wanted him. Did Dean daydream about kissing Castiel as much as Castiel daydreamed about kissing Dean? Did Dean want to be with Castiel as much as Castiel did? If he did, why hadn’t he said anything? Was Dean waiting for Castiel to make a move?
Mary was in too much pain to get out of bed, and she desperately needed the oxygen tank. Dean switched it on for her. It was rare when she didn’t need the oxygen nowadays. It worried Dean to see her struggling to breathe so often. But he couldn’t do much more for her, so he left her to rest.
“You do have a nice voice,” Castiel said.
Castiel followed suit, and then they were both leaning back on their hands as their legs created small waves in the pool. Castiel looked up at the starlit sky and his eyes fell on the moon, which was a half crescent.
Castiel chuckled. “Of course. We’ll be there tomorrow around noon.”
“You were gone all night,” Jess pointed out. “I’m guessing things went well with Castiel.”
“Tearing him away from his dad is definitely inhuman. Tearing him away from the life he’s always known. Forcing him to live around a stranger!”
Lisa scoffed. “Castiel, please, I don’t need a morality lesson from you.” Then her face went serious. “Are you going to tell Dean?”
“You are?”
Castiel leaned forward, too. “Yes, Dean. I love you. There’s very little I
Dean pulled back enough to look Cas in the eye. “You wanna wait a week then?”
“I’ll be here,” Dean said, unable to stop smiling. His face was starting to hurt.
“I love you,” Dean murmured against his hair. “Here’s to many more years.”
“I’m not hungry,” Castiel said. “I’ll just have a drink. As a matter of fact, I’ll go order it at the bar.” He was up and out of his seat in the blink of an eye.
Dean nodded. “I can understand that.” He licked his lips. “People who don’t take the time to know you are missing out. I don’t know if you know this, but you’re my favorite person.”
“Slowly, like me.”
Castiel rolled his hips against Dean’s, and Dean felt the sudden hardness underneath the towel he was wearing. “Are you sure?”
, not seriously. Who the hell do you think I am?” Castiel started the engine, checked his mirrors, and pulled out into the street.
“We can try counseling,” Dean said softly, and his eyes flicked from the TV to Castiel.
Castiel cleared his throat, jotting down notes. “And the Mothman? You wanted him to tell his side of the story. Maybe he could narrate every other chapter, until it becomes clear that he is just trying to live his life without being labeled a monster.”
Dean shook his head. “I guess that makes me the Serpent.”
Dean looked away. “I don’t know. Many reasons. I wish I could spell it out for you, the way it is in my head. I have to work through my issues before I can bring you into them.”
Castiel chuckled, putting on his pajama top. “You know me.”
“That’s it?” Anna asked.
“I can see that.”
“Sorry, I’ll shut up now.”
“Are you happy?”
Crowley raised his eyebrows. “You’re getting very friendly, aren’t you?”
They walked about fifteen feet from the tent to take a piss side by side. As soon as they were done, Castiel produced his bottle of hand sanitizer and squirted some on Dean’s hands as well as his own.
They both found themselves in this wonderful new stage where they both yearned for touch, wanting to give it as much as receive it. Dean was relieved to know he wasn’t the only one who felt this need.
It wasn’t until Dean’s phone sounded that anyone looked away from the television. Dean typed something in returned, sighing as he put his phone back into his pocket.
Castiel snorted. “Not unless you count the kiss he gave me.”
“No, you’re not. I should know. I’ve listened to your calls.”
After rolling himself out and wiping his grease-stained hands, Dean approached Bobby who was standing in the shade, smiling creepily at him. Bobby hardly ever smiled.
“What are you doing here so early?” Jo asked, grabbing one of the breakfast burritos Dean had cooked up in the kitchen.
Dean sighed. “We didn’t think to turn on a TV.”
Castiel scoffed. “I’m always nice.”
, traveling back and forth between the two states so he could spend time with everyone. Dean was being pulled in two very different directions. But this was his family. Dean had to do whatever it took.
Castiel took a few steps closer. “What is it?”
calmed down—Castiel drove him home.
.” Castiel smiled as the memory of Dean knocking on his door to ask Castiel for a ride to pick up a swing set from a Craigslist seller. At the time, Castiel had found Dean slightly annoying for interrupting him, but that was probably the one and only time Castiel had ever truly been annoyed by Dean. All the other times Castiel had played it up just for the sake of bickering with Dean, since Dean always gave as good as he got. “You make me feel so alive,” Castiel concluded.
“Coming to the party wasn’t as bad as you thought, was it?” Castiel asked, gently pulling on Dean’s hair before continuing to brush it again.
“Bacon’s always been bad for you!”
Anna lifted the rifle, angled it to her shoulder, focused on her aim, channeled her anger, letting it heat without boiling, and she fired. She hit the can on the first shot. Just like that. Beautifully.
“Hey, man, don’t take back my compliment. I’m a muse.”
“I’ll go check on her,” Dean said, but Castiel held his arm to stop him. It was too dark to see his face when he finally lifted it. “What’s wrong?”
Dean’s leg was bouncing and he kept staring at the door, wondering if his odds were good enough to outrun Castiel back outside.
“Well, I had to say something.”
At the bottom of the stairs, Dean stopped walking. Crossing his arms, he turned to Charlie. He wasn’t sure how to answer that. Just as he opened his mouth to speak, he heard a soft voice behind him.
Smiling, Ben nodded, pushing himself free from Dean’s grasp. “Uncle Cas swam with me and we raced each other in the pool and I beat him three times and Dandy got in the pool with us and she’s a great swimmer!”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “But we don’t have to talk about that.”
“You ready to get back on the road?” Anna asked.
“Wow, you’re like a real writer.”
Amelia made a face. “I hate early mornings, too. Castiel and I are both night owls.”
Four and a half hours later, they were done with the closet, but that was only a small part of Amelia’s belongings. There was still so much more to go. They would tackle the rest during the week. With Anna around to watch Claire, it would be a lot easier to get it all done.
“I’m just glad Dean found you,” Sam said. “He’s such a Grinch during the holidays. But now, look at him. Hit his head pretty hard and he’s smiling like it’s the best day of his life.”
“You’re beautiful, Cas,” Dean said. “So beautiful.”
“Yes!” Jo huffed, and then frowned. “No.”
Dean shrugged, took off his headset, and clocked out for lunch. He thought about looking at the notebook, but he realized that if their roles were reversed, he wouldn’t want Castiel to look into his stuff.
Dean wondered what was on her mind. But he didn’t want to pry. “So, when will we switch cars? I gotta know ahead of time, to get my blood pressure in check.”
“Hello, Dean,” came Castiel’s clear voice.
Castiel’s office door was ajar, and Dean knocked before entering. Castiel glanced up from his computer with a bright, welcoming grin. “Dean. I wasn’t expecting you today. It’s good to see you, though.”
“What’s wrong, Dean? Talk to me. What’s wrong?”
Castiel was surprised that Mrs. Barnes had stuck around for this. He held her hand, and then he felt someone hold his other hand. Dean was standing beside him, smiling that sweet smile of his. Castiel wanted to kiss him, but he resisted the pull. They would have time for that later. Everyone else joined their small circle, and Dean started the prayer.
“So what?” Dean said, furrowing his eyebrows. “If it were up to me, I’d give you all the book awards in the world. Your book is amazing.”
Sam was holding Claire in his arms, and he looked terrified the louder she cried. “Dean, I don’t know why she won’t stop crying.”
“It’s my car,” Dean said.
“I’ll take care of it.” Dean pulled out his wallet as he called over the waitress.
“Oh, thank God,” Rosa said. “I rushed here after work to get an update. I’ve been worried about you guys.”
“How’d you sleep?” Amelia asked, handing him a mug.
“I picked some up a few days ago. I didn’t forget.”
They were quiet for another fifteen minutes, and Castiel hated every second of it.
Castiel tilted his head. “What?”
Dean leaned against his kitchen island, peeling a banana. “I’ve missed you too, Charlie. I’m assuming you’re calling cause of the show. I still can’t believe it.”
Once in the delivery room, they asked Castiel to step aside as they worked, and it took all of his self-power to do as he was told. He needed to be there, holding Amelia’s hand.
Castiel shrugged, chewing on a fry. “Are you…married?”
“You guys wanna dance?” Charlie asked, hopping out of her seat.
Castiel had been nice enough to drive Dean to his appointment, but Dean needed to fix his Impala soon. He couldn’t keep relying on Bobby, Sam, and Castiel to give him rides everywhere. But he’d wrecked his Impala so badly that he had to order a lot of the parts, and it would cost him a small fortune. Just another problem to add to his long list.
The woman smiled. “Well, now I’m even more excited.” She offered Dean her hand. “I’m Hannah.”
Castiel snorted. “I find angels annoying. Maybe because I was named after one.”
“Are you serious?” Dean asked.
“Don’t make me jealous,” Castiel said.
“No, uh, she sent me an e-mail, letting me know that we had to schedule an appointment for a phone call.” Castiel wore a thin smile. “She’s a busy person, of course. I agreed to call her on Saturday. Today. I’m really disappointed that I can’t send any telepathic messages to her right now.”
Castiel sprawled on the bed beside Dean, reaching for Dean’s towel to wipe Dean off. It seemed that Castiel never stopped taking care of Dean. He even pressed little kisses to Dean’s shoulder, making Dean shiver. He was in that sleepy, after-sex daze and it was awesome.
I listened to this
That much was true. Mary had good days, but she also had awful ones. The good days seemed to come less often now, but this? This was great. Dean couldn’t stop smiling.
“Why not?”
Anna nodded. “Say no more. I just came to check up on you. Castiel told me you need our money. Don’t worry about a thing. He and I will provide for the rest of the trip.”
They got their beers just as a very drunk man started singing
But then Dean met Castiel, and he found a different home in him. In Castiel he’d found the ordinary suburban life he’d always wanted. He’d found normal. He’d found safety. He’d found solace.
“I think it’s time for
“Talk to Dean. Tell him to stop being an idiot, too.”
“And anyone with sight would agree with me,” Castiel said right away.
“Sounds tempting,” Dean said, nodding. He looked at Castiel again. Who could resist that face? “Yeah, sure.”
With his other hand, Dean threaded his fingers through Castiel’s hair. He licked inside Castiel’s mouth, tasting, tasting, tasting. He couldn’t get enough of him. Now that he had him, Dean couldn’t let him go. This was much more than anything Dean’s imagination could have conjured up. This was real. Castiel was underneath him. Dean could feel his blushing cheek in one hand and his soft hair in the other. Dean could taste Castiel in his mouth. Dean could hear his small gasps and grunts and feel his hands tight on his waist. Dean loved this. Loved all of this because it was with Castiel. His lifelong best friend.
Anna grinned up at the starry sky. “Good.”
Dean fell onto his couch, gaping at the wall ahead of him. He really needed to stop drinking. “I can’t believe I told him that. What the hell was I thinking?”
“Don’t worry about it.”
Dean couldn’t help but smile. “Yeah, I bet you’d like that.”
“Awesome. You can pick the place next time.”
“My brother’s not used to social interaction,” Anna said.
Lisa sighed. “I can’t give you any details, Dean. I know if I do, you’ll show up there.”
Later, when they moved to the couch, Castiel put an arm around Dean’s shoulders.
Anna snapped a picture. “There. So you can remember the night of your fake engagement.”
Castiel hadn’t seen Dean in five days, and he missed him fiercely. “Good morning.”
which he promised he would lend to Dean, and Anna bought a Mothman mug.
Castiel looked back at the TV. Harry was sulking at home on New Year’s Eve while Sally was miserable at a party. They were both stubborn, pretending they could live their lives without each other. “Yes. The ending is my favorite part.”
Dean cleared his throat, smiling with sad eyes. Castiel figured that Dean must still not be on good terms with Lisa. “Yeah, and I thought we could watch
“Amelia,” Dean said, leaning back up to continue pacing. “The doctor show isn’t gay just because I have a crush on Dr. Sexy.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, holding his gaze. Dean’s too green eyes were looking back at him, open and honest. How could Castiel lie to him? Why
“Why?” Jack narrowed his eyes. “Does this have anything to do with Castiel?”
“I sold my soul to him,” Jess said evenly, holding Sam tighter.
Dean put his phone back in his pocket and looked over at Bobby, who had successfully covered up the entire crib under a blue tarp. “It’s all set. He’ll be here soon.”
Castiel glanced at Dean. He’d been meaning to have this conversation, but he’d avoided it, fearing Dean’s reaction. But he figured it was now or never. “Actually, Mom, I’m staying here to help while you get back on your feet.”
“Are you sure you don’t want your bed back?” Anna asked. “I could sleep on the couch.”
“We?” Charlie asked.
“What’s for dinner, Castiel?” Naomi asked as soon as she wheeled herself to her usual spot at the head of the long, rectangular table.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Well, what will you be wearing?”
Dean held up the book. “
“Well, that’s because I really like girls,” Dean continued. “I mean, I really do. You believe me, don’t you?”
“I can’t help it when you look like this.”
Dean shrugged. “If you want to. If not, then don’t. It won’t make a difference to me.”
Castiel
“I love that picture,” Dean said.
“Fist bumps work for me,” Charlie said, extending her fist. Dean knocked his fist against hers. “Much better. It’s really good to see you here, Dean! Cas told me you’ve been hanging out.”
Lisa, his girlfriend, was telling the movers where to set down their stuff as they carried them inside. Despite the lengthy drive to Oklahoma City from Wilburton, Lisa looked breathtakingly beautiful in her yoga pants, tank top, and blue flannel shirt. Her dark hair was up on a ponytail and her tan skin was glowing. When she caught him staring, she shot him a wide grin and Dean melted inside.
Castiel hadn’t been able to communicate with Dean over the phone because, according to Sam, Dean was sleeping all day. When Dean wasn’t asleep, he was puking out everything he took in, which was weakening him and leading to more sleep. So, instead of trying to call Dean anymore, Castiel decided to give him the news in person instead.
Castiel’s heart was hammering against his ribcage the moment the cab turned onto his street. He could spot his house from there, as well as the Impala and his truck. His hands were sweating. He was nervous and filled with anticipation. It was because he knew that when he saw Dean again, he’d never have to say another long goodbye to him.
Castiel kicked Dean under the table.
“Good to know.”
Dean,
Bobby glared. “If you keep that up, I’m breaking those rockers on you.”
Dean gasped, a hand on his heart. “I don’t think I heard you correctly. Did you just say you don’t like chocolate?”
“I like the suspense,” Castiel said. “I always knew Henry and Dan would end up together. But the ending is always better when there’s something keeping them apart before they get together. Don’t you think so?”
“I think I’m fast,” Castiel said, the smugness in his voice clear.
Charlie looked over her shoulder at Castiel, who was mindlessly scrolling through his phone. Then she turned back to Dean. “I couldn’t believe that he made pies, too. Ohhh is that why you were staring at him like you were plotting his murder?”
Castiel groaned, burying his face in his hands. “I sound so fucking selfish right now. Listen to me. I was worried I wouldn’t get to say goodbye. Not about your health or anything like that. No, I was worried that I wouldn’t get my proper goodbye with my distant mother whom I completely cut out of my life. I was looking for my own peace instead of yours.” He sighed. “The truth is, Mom, I’ve been holding onto this heavy resentment for too many years. It’s been weighing me down. I...I don’t want to keep this inside me anymore. I don’t want to treat you like a stranger anymore. You weren’t a perfect mom. You must know that. But you were there when Dad wasn’t. You were strict and harsh and cruel, even, but you were still present. I’m the one who decided to leave. I abandoned you the same way Dad abandoned all of us. And for that, I’m truly sorry.
Castiel stood, too. “I’ll walk you out.”
“Dude, they’re just fireworks. It’s fine.”
“Cas?” Dean said.
“Because you’re an open book,” Dean said.
Dean was much too happy to stay there on the floor making out for the rest of time, but Castiel pulled away and pressed their foreheads together. Dean waited to open his eyes until his breathing stabilized.
Dean felt the brush of Castiel’s hand against his own as the counting continued. He slept soundly after that.
Dean pointed a finger at Charlie. “No more talking about Cas at work. I don’t need him to think I’m some sort of creep. I just want to be his friend.”
Amelia nodded. “That’s right. I’m Amelia.”
Castiel met Dean’s gaze and Dean had never seen his eyes so dark. “Then teach me.”
Dean already knew that, but it was nice to be reminded anyway. “I would love to take Claire with me, but with work, I’d have to leave her with someone. Last time during your tour, Ellen took care of her. But she works late nights, so I don’t wanna make her life more difficult. Maybe I could bring Ben next weekend with me.”
“Please keep me updated.”
“Tell him that next time he complains about driving up to visit,” Bobby grunted.
Dean fished his water bottle out of his messenger bag and offered it to Castiel. “It’s cold.”
That seemed to have done the trick because Dean was grinning. “Okay, you’re right. I shouldn’t compare you to her. This is a lot different. I’m sorry.”
Dean pushed him back down by the shoulder. “You’re not lifting a finger until you’re done eating. I can get the room ready. What do you need me to do?”
for Kevin, a telescope for Ash, and a painting for Jess. The last person Dean needed to find something for was Sam, but nothing felt good enough for his little brother. Castiel insisted on going to a different store for Sam’s present, but Dean was beat. Even with their quick lunch break, he was sick of shopping, and they still had to pick up the tree.
Dean knew Castiel’s entire schedule, and vice versa, so he waited outside of Castiel’s class before their lunch period. Castiel was racing out of the classroom, faster than Dean had ever seen him move, and he bumped right into him. This crash sent Castiel’s textbook flying out of his hands, sliding on the floor beneath the crowds.
Dean gave him a look. “You can try, but no one makes better burgers than me.”
“Why do you think I brought us here?” Castiel said, laughing.
“We shall,” Dean said, taking Castiel’s hand. Before Castiel pulled him away, Dean turned to Jess again. “Call us if you need anything. We won’t be home too late.”
Sebastian was curled up by Dean’s feet, and he wasn’t happy about being disturbed. Dean placed his hand over Castiel’s and lifted his arm off of him. Then he stood carefully, grabbing his clothes from the chair he’d left them. Castiel rolled over to his stomach, mumbling something incoherently. His hair was all over the place. There was a sleep mark on his cheek. He looked adorable. Dean smiled.
Castiel’s phone rang, so he leaned back and checked the screen. His eyes widened.
“I do, I do!” Ben said, raising his hand.
“I just thought you might want to dress up this weekend for your birthday,” Castiel said, casually. “You don’t have to wear it if you don’t want to. I was hoping you, Claire, and I could just have dinner at home. What do you think?”
“Pie.”
“She needs you?”
“You were dry humping on the bed,” Castiel said through gritted teeth.
“Hell yeah, I did.”
“Honestly, Sammy, makes me sick to even think about it.”
Dean spotted a line of people and pulled Castiel by the hand to see what the fuss was about. The fuss happened to be a bull that was available for sitting and petting and photo ops. When Dean turned to Castiel with a silent question, Castiel was already nodding at him.
“What?”
Their mom nearly spilled her coffee. Her jaw dropped. Her expression was caught between excitement and surprise. “Oh my God. Oh my God. A wedding! My son is getting married!”
“No rush. Take your time. I hope you enjoy it. I usually don’t share my unfinished manuscripts with anyone other than my wife. So this is kind of new for me.”
Dean and Castiel had been playing 20 questions while Anna—finally—read Castiel’s new book in the backseat.
“Cas, should we, uh, talk about this?” Dean motioned between them.
Dean pushed Castiel towards the bed, but before he fell on top of it, Dean lifted the dress, pulling it off. “You look really good in a dress, Sandy.”
Dean laughed, and the front door opened as if on cue.
“Charlie?”
Castiel tilted his head. “What do you mean?”
On the one hand, it was difficult seeing Castiel so broken and hurt over something so cruel from his past. For so long, Castiel had carried this by himself, and it was painful seeing how much it still affected him. If Dean had had any idea of what was happening, he would have tried to help him somehow. But Castiel hadn’t trusted Dean enough to share this with him before.
“Actually, no,” Dean said. “
Dean burst into laughter so loud Castiel covered his mouth with his hand. There were tears in Dean’s eyes, but for the first time that day, they weren’t from sadness. When his laughter died down, Castiel removed his hand, shushing Dean. Dean licked his lips, chewing off a grin. “Wow, you really let your imagination run wild, don’t you?”
Castiel grabbed Dean’s wrist and kissed his knuckles. “Lay down with me. I’ve had to sleep alone for so many days.”
Jess grinned. “I think all parents deserve a little getaway every once in a while.”
Castiel couldn’t resist. “Of course you can, young man.” He handed over Dandy’s leash and Ben jumped up and down, excitedly.
“Of course. I’ll swing by with another latte.”
“Random chance. It wasn’t destiny, if that’s what you think.”
Sorry can’t talk. Busy.
Castiel hesitated before he got out what he was trying to say. “Have you ever considered—I don’t know—couple’s therapy?”
Across from them, Charlie cleared her throat. “Are you two done whispering to each other? You’re not the only people at the table.”
“I gave it to Sam when he moved to Houston with Jess,” Dean said. The mention of Sam erased any trace of lightheartedness that had been previously present. Now Dean felt a cold weight pressing on his chest, leaving him breathless.
“Hmmm,” Anna said, her eyes flickering from Castiel to Dean and back again. “Interesting.” She finished her slice of pizza and then clapped her hands to get rid of the crumbs. “I’m beat, you guys. I think I’m going to take the rest of this pizza and eat it in my room. My workout can wait until tomorrow.”
They did their shots, and the music grew louder.
Anna didn’t protest, but she looked at Castiel, waiting for his opinion.
It had all been Dean’s idea.
“I want you, Cas,” Dean said, breathless. “Get in me.”
Then, Dean rushed home for his car keys, and he met Amelia on the sidewalk.
Castiel was quiet for a moment as he rubbed Dean’s arm. “I’d still like to try bottoming. I want to try everything with you, if you’ll let me.”
Castiel let out a quiet laugh. He kissed Dean’s forehead. “I really wish you didn’t do this kind of stuff anymore. I worry too much about you.”
“I’m gonna be eight in a few months!”
“Oh, yeah?”
Castiel stirred, his eyes blinking open.
“That’s alright,” Castiel said, wondering why he didn’t seem more disappointed.
Dean let out a long breath. “Fine. But I’m not happy about this.”
Castiel set Claire down on the changing table. It was easier to transfer her from his arms to that surface than it was before. Castiel unbuttoned her onesie slowly. Despite being so strong, Castiel saw Claire as a fragile, breakable thing. He didn’t want to accidentally hurt her with his much bigger hands. He managed to get her legs out of the onesie, and then he grabbed a clean diaper. He’d researched diaper changing techniques, but he’d never actually done it before.
The waiter laughed, maybe too hard. “Tell me about it. Anything else for you, handsome?”
Dean nodded. “Yeah, absolutely. We’ll find her.”
Cas shook his head and covered his face with his hands. When he removed them, he said, “Dean, I am about to blow your fucking mind. Follow me.”
“At least I don’t snore.”
“Awesome.”
“Are you sure?”
A honk sounded right outside. Dean looked out the window and saw Castiel’s car in his driveway. He grabbed his wallet and walked outside. After locking his door, Dean got in the passenger seat of Castiel’s Prius. When he turned to look at Castiel, Dean immediately regretted his own outfit.
Cas had the sweetest smile Dean had ever seen. He didn’t think he’d ever get tired of seeing it, especially when it was directed at him. “So, I guess that means we’re slow dancing on our second date?”
“No, you got it all wrong.” Dean was on his feet, pacing his living room. “We were both drunk, and it didn’t mean anything. I don’t like Cas that way. At least, I don’t think I do. We’re just friends. I bet he doesn’t even remember what he said either.”
Castiel opened the door. “I can’t take this off.” The whisker lines were smeared on Castiel’s cheeks, but it was still all there.
“Dumbo,” Castiel muttered.
Castiel had to admit that he felt disappointed by the fact that the roses weren’t really for him. At least, they weren’t a romantic gesture. But that was alright because this wasn’t a date. They weren’t really celebrating Valentine’s Day. They were just having dinner at home with Claire. “I’ll go put them in water.” After cutting the bottom tips and thorns off the roses, Castiel put them in a vase with water and set them on the table. They were so pretty that Castiel couldn’t help taking a picture of them with his phone. Castiel opened the box of chocolates and took two pieces before closing it again, putting them next to the roses.
Dean continued digging despite the sharp pain in his hands. “SAM! JESS!” he screamed in a booming voice that reached the entire neighborhood. “SAM! JESS!” Dean continued digging, jumping over the mess to get closer to the center of it all. He had to find some sign that they were here. They could be alive. They could still be alive.
“I’m glad you’re okay too, Jo.”
“Right.”
Dean couldn’t believe that his little family had a house of their own.
“I’ll have to see that,” Castiel said.
“Are you sure?” Castiel asked.
Dean looked at her. “What?”
“I think you’re very flexible, Cas.”
Amelia laughed again. “This is what I keep telling Castiel, but he just won’t believe me.”
Anna and Castiel wouldn’t shut up. There were a million topics of conversation between them, and they kept shooting them out of the blue. None of it made any sense to Dean. Of course not, he was just the fool behind the wheel.
“Okay,” Castiel said, voice barely above a whisper. “We’ll figure out the rest later.”
“Of course I do. This is exactly what I needed.”
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows. “Why? I thought you’d be excited to drive it. You love that car.”
Castiel locked eyes with Mary and they both shook their heads.
“She better be,” Dean said. “Ben is my son. I’m gonna be his legal guardian in a few months. Besides, Lisa has been oddly nice lately. Nothing like before. She’s been coming to dinner every evening. It’s easy being around her nowadays. We’ve even sat out back and had a few beers.”
“Why not? It’s been two days. No one is after us.”
Dean woke up at noon the next day. It was Jack’s day off, so he didn’t have a nice coffee waiting for him.
“Two beers,” Castiel said, shifting as a bald man in a canvas jacket stared blatantly at him, and then at Dean.
Castiel was impressed. That line would have never worked for him. “I’m curious now. Tell me about these men you’ve seduced, Mr. Burger King.”
“Did he say that, or are you paraphrasing?”
Dean stared at him when he pulled away, and then he tugged him back down by the shoulders. Their lips pressed again in a chaste kiss that was slow and sweet like it hadn’t been in a while. Dean wound his hands around Castiel’s neck, pulling him even closer as he licked his lips and pressed his tongue inside. There was sudden desperation in the kiss, and longing that Castiel recognized went both ways.
“Only when you said you were a Kerouac fan.” Castiel was smiling sideways, and Dean looked at his lips before looking down at his burger. It was so hard to look at Castiel sometimes. Dean knew it wouldn’t be right to stare at his professor’s face for too long, but that was what he wanted to do whenever he had him in front of him.
“So, the media just thinks you’re straight and will never think you’re not straight unless you come out publicly?”
“What else were you expecting?” Missouri stared back at her.
Dean frowned. “I thought you were rich.”
: Is this a sniffles kind of sick or a puky kind of sick?
Dean wheezed in laughter, and then groaned in pain. “Don’t make me laugh.”
“Benjamin West is the name of Ben’s biological dad,” Dean said, in a quiet and defeated voice that rattled Castiel. The pain was so clear on his face, destroying what had been such a nice, calm expression.
Holy shit, they were married.
Half an hour later, Dean had his head on Castiel’s lap, drumming his hands to another Zeppelin song.
“You can talk.”
“I remember Aaron Bass,” Charlie said. “I met him at a party years back. Nice guy.”
But Dean had a whole routine to follow now that he was home from work. Lisa had offered to make dinner tonight, so that was one less thing on his list. However, that meant that it was Dean’s turn to get Ben in the bathtub afterward.
“I bet.”
Dean swallowed. He liked being called “baby” so, so much, it was ridiculous. He cleared his throat. “So, I’ll see you tomorrow night?”
“Thanks.”
Everyone gathered around Bobby’s long rectangular table to eat. Dinner was filled with chatter and laughter, the same way Dean remembered growing up. It was nice being around family again without the looming presence of loss or death. On top of that, the food was amazing. Bobby marinated the turkey himself, and it was tender and delicious. Sam’s scalloped potatoes rocked his world. And Ellen’s mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce sent Dean momentarily to heaven. Alright, so Dean was a bit dramatic when it came to food. Thanksgiving had always been Dean’s favorite holiday for that reason.
Castiel resisted the urge to roll his eyes. “You’re lucky I love you.”
“I’m scared
Smiling, Ben ran up to him to give him a double high five.
“Uh, yeah, I’m almost done. Just need to get the coffee started.”
“But I can’t tonight,” Castiel said, frowning. “I have to get home early. However, I was planning on dropping by after work, around six.”
“I’m good,” she said, taking a bite of the waffle.
Dean wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “I know what time it is.”
“Tough luck.” Dean yawned, covering his mouth. “I’m gonna go to bed since
The box was white, but on the side there was a logo written in blue ink. Heaven’s Bistro. There was a little golden halo over the H.
“I’ll be right there, Sammy,” Dean said, hanging up before he choked up on the phone. Sam didn’t need a crying Dean. He needed the strong, big brother Dean. “I…I have to go, Cas.”
Anna heard the voice, loud and clear.
“Keep me out of it,” Kevin said, making one of his lattes.
Castiel kissed Dean’s nose. “Absolutely.”
But Dean swallowed and opened the passenger door. “I should go inside.”
“The rifle is yours,” the woman said, still pointing the gun. “On one condition.”
When he noticed unfamiliar blue eyes staring back at him, Dean widened his own green eyes. It took him a moment to realize he was staring right at Castiel, waistcoat and scarf on. Castiel tilted his head to the side, a very odd gesture, like Dean was being examined, and Dean felt exposed. He sat up immediately, clearing his throat.
Castiel couldn’t feel too bad for Rhonda. “Sam, can I be honest with you?”
“Then she takes a picture with me, posts it on her Instagram, and tags me. A few seconds later, my phone starts going off with messages, and I check to see that this big, scary guy is threatening me because I’m apparently on a date with his fiancée. I’m obviously very confused, so I show her the messages, and she doesn’t deny it. She says she’s been using me to get back at her fiancée for not setting a date for the wedding. Clearly, it’s not a well thought out plan. So, I drive her back home but park a block away from her place because I’m not looking to get my ass kicked by the fiancée. Turns out, the guy drove to the restaurant—which she also tagged—while we were still there, and followed my car all the way to my apartment.”
And with that, he was gone.
“Tell me you’re okay. I’ve been so worried.”
How about a compromise? We can have cake AND a four-foot cherry pie. I don’t know. Think about it.
“Yes.” A kiss to Cas’s jaw.
“No, actually, you should just go home. I don’t really have anything going on today. If I get hungry, I’ll order some Postmates.”
Dean sat up straighter. “Are you serious?”
Charlie gave Dean a soft pat on his back as he turned and went inside his house. The last thing Dean remembered was falling on his bed, and drifting off.
“Thank God,” Dean whispered, picking it up, hoping that it was Castiel.
“I’m sorry, Anna,” Castiel said. “I didn’t know you felt that way.”
“He might still be alive.”
Dean kissed him once again. “Goodnight, Cas.”
“Are you okay?” Castiel asked.
“But I’m not letting my hair get gray until I’m at least fifty.”
“Why on earth are therapists considered sinners?” Dean asked out loud, not really looking for an answer.
The moment Lisa headed for the door, the realization fell on top of Dean like a bucket of ice cold water. Lisa was leaving, had already taken Ben away, and the moment she walked out the door, Dean would lose his last chance to get his son back.
Castiel sighed, digging through the box under the seat. He’d always complained about Dean’s taste in music, but Dean had compromised by listening to all of Castiel’s favorite pop songs. If the Impala was equipped for it, they would be listening to Lady Gaga at the moment. But because there was still some good in the universe, they were stuck with Dean’s cassette tapes.
Dean hummed, swallowing down. “It was the best day I’ve had in a long time. I didn’t think we were gonna go on a Western adventure this weekend. And I didn’t think it was gonna end like it did.” Dean lifted his plate. “With pie.”
“Or,” Dean said, just as smugly as Gabriel appeared. He sat up on the couch. “You could let me win, let me take care of Michael, and concentrate on your little game show for all I care.”
“Whatever. Get back to work, boss. We’ve got customers.” Anna left the kitchen, and Castiel shook his head, turning back to his cake pops.
“That’s the spirit.” Dean withdrew his hand and cleared his throat. “On the count of three, we’re gonna scream real loud, you hear me?”
Dean was holding a bouquet of blue tulips and Sam was holding white roses. They approached the familiar area at the cemetery where Amelia was buried. Dean was able to spot her headstone from a mile away. He’d been here so many times by himself, but he’d asked Sam if he could come with him this time. It had been almost two months since Castiel moved to Alaska, and Dean was growing more and more weary the more weeks passed. It felt as though the only time he ever had to rest was on his flights, but it was never a great rest considering he was in terrifying heights, half wondering if that would be the flight that crashed and killed him.
“Well, not all of us are so used to the wilderness, Dean.”
Ben was eager to get inside, shifting from foot to foot. There was a step ladder leaning against the side of the pool for easy access. But Ben still waited for Dean to give him permission to climb it.
New Year’s Eve was originally going to be spent with Castiel, Claire, and Dean watching more dumb movies on television, but thanks to Charlie and Rosa, those plans went right out the window.
“You sure about that? My knees would disagree with you.”
Esther and Robert looked at him for what felt like the longest moment of Castiel’s life, and then they both smiled.
They dug through the crowds until they made it to the front row of the clearing. Dean was not afraid of elbowing people out of the way, but Castiel was nicer about it, offering apologies as he went.
Amelia was blushing, but she loved Ben and Dean enough to endure the unwanted attention. “I had to follow a lot of Youtube tutorials to figure out how to use fondant because it’s my first time. I didn’t want to let you down, Ben.”
“Abandoned house,” Castiel said with a shrug. “We’re finally outside of Texas. Somewhere in New Mexico.”
A slow grin crept up on Aaron’s face. He was beaming now. “I would love that, Dean.” He downed the rest of his beer. “You want to go for a ride?”
Dean was staring at him. “It’s alright, Cas. She’ll be fine.”
Anna was one of the topics Castiel would try to avoid for the sake of their marriage—and to maintain his sanity.
“Okay, okay, you three can stop that now,” the angel said. “The boss wants me to get back with the contestants, so I guess you’re it. Hang on tight.”
“Exactly,” Dean said.
Dean chuckled. “No, but if you wanna let me borrow that comic book when you’re done, I’d be really happy.”
Jody smiled again. “I think you’re making great sense. It seems like you’re close to figuring out the real issue behind this particular concern. Castiel, have you asked yourself why you keep worrying about Dean falling in love with someone?”
“Maybe not, but it’s never too late to fix a relationship, especially when it comes to family.”
Castiel pinched Dean’s cheek with a soapy hand. “A very cute donkey, yes.”
Freshly out of the shower, Dean got started on breakfast. He was in a good mood, so he made pancakes
Castiel called Jo over when she passed by with three plates of food. She handed the plates to a few people sitting on the floor before she walked over to Castiel.
“Have I mentioned lately that I hate you?”
“Well, yeah, from most people. You could have told her.”
“I’ve heard it
Ben’s face lit up. “I get to swim with Dandy, Dad!”
Castiel followed Dean’s breathing until he felt the knot in his throat vanish. He wanted to scream out his frustration, but he was still in his driveway and he didn’t want his in-laws to hear him. Or for Claire to be woken up by the sound.
Castiel leaned his chin on Dean’s shoulder, humming
. It was rare to see a yard sale in the middle of December, but Castiel wasn’t shocked to see this coming from Charlie and Rosa.
“Charlie, come on. Just because we’re gay doesn’t mean everyone else is.”
Dean looked at Castiel for help.
“Let’s go.” Castiel tugged on Dean’s forearm, pulling him to the door. He was also freakishly strong.
“But do you think he’s cute?”
Castiel never thought he’d hear that from Anna. But now that he had, he didn’t know what to do about it. He didn’t want Anna to be miserable and lonely. He’d never wanted that. Anna didn’t deserve that. All this time, Castiel had never spent a single second worrying about Anna because he’d always assumed she’d built the life she wanted to live, that she’d been happy with her choices. Castiel had never considered that she’d regretted them.
Castiel sighed before driving out of the garage and into the street. The first few minutes on the road were quiet. Neither of them had turned on the stereo. They never needed to fill the silences between them. At a stoplight, Castiel rolled down the windows and turned to smile at Dean, who was already smiling at him.
Esther stepped into the room to let them know that breakfast was ready. Dean put Claire in her bassinet in the kitchen, so he could sit and eat with everyone. Claire didn’t put up a fuss about being left alone. She was always so calm.
Well, when she put it that way…
Dean swallowed. His throat was dry. “Yes.”
“Great. When can you start?” Ellen gave him a hint of a smile, but it was faint, as if he hadn’t earned a full one yet.
Sam sipped his tea. “It was always about Ben for Dean. Lisa took advantage of that. It was convenient.”
On the days following Castiel’s birthday, Dean and Anna spent a lot of time together in order to get to know each other better. Castiel found it ridiculous that after all these years Anna wanted to get to know one of Castiel’s partners. Frankly, he thought it was a little too late, but he had promised Dean not to argue as much with his sister, so he’d kept his mouth shut. Their plan had actually worked in Castiel’s favor because as Dean and Anna entertained Claire away from home, Castiel managed to finish his final manuscript within his deadline.
“Hi, I’m calling from New School Records to let you know that your order has arrived. Just come up to the counter to collect it.”
“Where is she?”
Castiel shook his head. “No, I’m not going anywhere. I need to wait here for news on Amelia.”
Dean had agreed.
“I’m not tired. You’ve been cooking all week. I can take care of you today.”
Dean smiled, and it lit up his face. “That’s an excellent question. I’m really glad you asked it. What’s your name?”
The music was a welcoming sound filling up the small space. Castiel hummed quietly as he drove. He seemed calm, which was a complete opposite to how Dean was feeling. He was afraid Castiel could hear the quick thump-thumping of Dean’s heart from how hard it was beating.
Dean looked away where Dandy was laying on her belly, soaking in the sun. “I love our family so much, Cas. The only thing that would make it better is Ben. I keep thinking that I’m being ungrateful for missing him when I have so much already. You and Claire are my entire world. But Ben…”
“Not well, apparently.”
“Like what?” Castiel asked, repeating the action.
Dean had never met someone like Amelia. Someone who loved and appreciated cars as much as he did. Someone who would go for a drive with him, just so they could feel the wind in their faces, just so they could feel the vibration of the car beneath them.
Unable to resist, Castiel kissed Dean’s temple, and Dean stirred but didn’t wake up. Dean was now lying on his side with his back pressed against Castiel’s chest. Castiel had both his arm and leg draped over Dean, like he’d worried throughout the night that Dean would disappear. That was possible. Dean’s angel wings tattoo was visible on his bicep, and Castiel pressed a kiss over it. No one had ever honored Castiel in the way of a tattoo before, and it made sense for Dean to be the first one to do it since he’d truly always been Castiel’s muse.
Dean took his chance and pressed his lips to Castiel’s neck. Castiel didn’t even stir from his sleep. He’d always been a deep sleeper. Dean kissed his neck again before he rolled away. He had to use the bathroom, probably shower while he was at it. The time on his phone on the nightstand read 10:47 am.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Cas is still in there?”
Castiel looked amused. “Isn’t that just what friends do?”
Castiel found Dean leaning against the kitchen counter, downing the rest of his water.
Castiel laughed. “Good, because I was under the impression that you were here to protect me in case I got scared.”
Charles sighed. “Will you have some level of maturity, Castiel?”
The restaurant was pretty exclusive, so they were left alone while they were in there. But Dean was dreading the moment when they left.
“You sure?” Dean asked.
Dean looked away, and finally took a bite of his cheeseburger. The blend of flavors were so perfect, he couldn’t imagine ever giving it up, or not trying it at all. “Cas, you’re missing out.”
The weeks passed with the same routine. Most of Castiel’s days were spent writing at Coffee Coffee Coffee or in his home office when he was too lazy to make the drive. Amelia switched from working on the mural in the nursery to painting on canvas in the back porch. Dean would come over on Friday evenings to watch
Dean wanted to call Amelia’s parents, but he didn’t have their number. He went back to Castiel’s room to see if he could find his phone, but when Dean turned on one of the lamps, he saw that Castiel was awake and staring up at the ceiling. “Hey. Did I wake you up?”
“Sure she does.”
“I was thinking you and I could go out for your birthday,” Dean said, fidgeting with the edge of his shirt. “Charlie and Rosa are on board to babysit Claire for us that day.”
Castiel rushed back inside the house, searching for something heavy and useful. The only thing he found was a baseball bat on a shelf, and he grabbed it. When he returned to the garage, the shots were still being fired, and Victoria was still running away from them, laughing. Castiel approached the man watching Dean and the girls, the only man who was only aiming his gun rather than shooting it. Castiel angled the bat against his shoulder, and then swung it with all his strength against the man’s head, knocking him unconscious. He fell with a thud, and Castiel swallowed, hoping he hadn’t killed him.
“Sports bar,” Dean said. “Late night dinner, courtesy of your sister.”
“Good morning, boys,” Anna said, standing between them. “It smells good in here. Ooh, French toast and bacon? Yes, please.”
Charlie stood from her chair to greet them both with hugs and then squatted down in front of Claire to squish her cheek. “What a cool surprise seeing you guys here. It’s a nice Saturday, isn’t it?”
“But you want to get rid of all my shit,” Castiel said, raising his voice. “Is this not my house anymore? I was under the impression that it was. I had no idea that all my shit was taking up so much space in
“She gets to eat mashed carrots.” Castiel handed Dean the small, orange container and a tiny spoon.
“Yeah, me too.” Dean grabbed Castiel’s hand and started playing with it. “It’s nice to see the two of them together.”
Naomi had long brown hair, graying at the hairline, which he was a little surprised to see considering she was always very much against aging. She’d always spent thousands on anti-aging creams. When had she started letting her gray hairs show? Asleep, her frown lines were gone, and so were most of her other wrinkles aside from her crow’s feet. She looked young for her age. Those creams must have been useful, after all.
The memories from the previous night flooded his mind with the sweet reminder that he’d kissed Dean. Castiel had kissed Dean’s neck and throat while he had him pinned to a wall at a bowling alley. If it hadn’t been for that call, Castiel would have pushed Dean into the closest bathroom stall to have his way with him. The best part was that it was obvious how much Dean wanted Castiel. He could feel it in the prickles of his skin and his shaky breaths.
,” Jess said. “Dean, you made us watch that movie with you, like, three times. We’re sick of it.”
Castiel and Dean asked simultaneously.
“Cas,” Dean said, lowering his hand from his shoulder. “We’d like you to write up her eulogy. Do you think you could do that? You’re our best writer.”
Dean rolled his eyes, leaving them both behind as he went to the restroom.
Castiel set the photograph down. This time, he walked to Dean’s nightstand, his curiosity taking him closer to Dean each time. On Dean’s dresser was Doug the Dog, Ben’s favorite toy that had been left behind. Dean liked keeping him close to him as a reminder of his son, wherever he was. Castiel smiled as his fingers brushed over the dog’s ear. And then, Castiel casually sat on Dean’s bed, his back against the headboard as well.
“Fuck,” Dean said. So much for hiding their relationship. Dean remembered that night. They’d been tired from a long day of shooting, so they had both pretty much forgotten to keep their hands off each other in public. “Is it just one article?”
Randy laughed, wiping the counter.
Amelia widened her eyes. “I’m all ears.” Then she hooked her arm around Dean’s and they walked away together.
Dean looked at Castiel. “Uh, yeah, I guess so. What time do you have to be back home today, Cas?”
“I don’t like this,” Castiel said, matter-of-factly.
“That’s what I wanted to hear. Let’s go.”
“Of course I’m serious,” Gabriel said. “I want to know if he’s just in this short term or if he’s planning to stick around for the long haul. You’re about to move to a brand-new town, far away from here. Is it really worth it to commit yourself to him when you could have someone else nearby? Think about it, Cassie.”
Castiel burst into laughter, too, but only because Dean found the entire thing hilarious rather than embarrassing.
“I wanted to see you. And to bring you flowers.” Dean handed over the bouquet, and it took a few seconds for Cas to actually grab them. “I hope you like tulips.”
Castiel closed the distance between them and pushed his way between Dean’s parted legs, carding his fingers through Dean’s hair.
Castiel slid to the floor, his back against the wall on the hallway. He winced when he hit the hard tile floor, pulling his legs up to his chest and wrapping his arms around them. All he could do was stare at the wall opposite him. He grew up in this house, but he’d never run through this hallway, or any hallway for that matter. Even as a kid, Castiel had to act proper and there was no room for being a kid and having fun. Boredom had been his entire childhood.
Dean had never felt so lucky. “Alright. It’s my turn to teach you now.”
Dean was about to take his new clothes into his room, but before he got away, Castiel wrapped an arm around Dean’s waist, pulling him in. Dean secretly loved it whenever Castiel drew him in like that, like he needed Dean desperately in his personal space. And who was Dean to deny him?
“Good for you,” Dean said. “But we’re staying here.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” Dean licked his lips. “I’m sure you won fair and square.”
“On Monday.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “I also got you coffee. But I had to throw it all away when you didn’t show.”
Dean chuckled and he felt his cheeks warm up. Was he blushing? What the hell was wrong with him? It was like a girl hadn’t touched him in—oh yeah, that was it. Dean cleared his throat. “Well, I’ll let you get settled. You have my number and you know where I’ll be if you need anything.”
get together, how would their relationship work with them living in two separate states? But already, Castiel knew the answer. Anna would ask Dean to move with her and since Dean had no one tying him here anymore, he would gladly accept. And then Castiel would be left completely alone with Claire in this house that was too big for just the two of them. And Dean would eventually marry Anna and have one, two, three, four, five kids with her, and Castiel would never see Dean again except for maybe once every two years, if he was lucky. They were probably back in Dean’s house already having sex on Dean’s bed, planning the rest of their lives together right now.
“Good.”
That was true. Ben had always been a bit of a wild child in the swimming pool, completely fearless. Claire was a lot like that. Castiel had always known the two of them would get along. It was a shame that they hadn’t even met yet. Worse still was thinking that they would never actually meet.
“I never said you were.”
“Hey, I don’t make the rules. That’s just how it’s gonna happen. Already saw it.”
“But this bed is so comfortable,” Dean said.
Amelia shook her head, smiling at him. “No judgment here.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Shut up.”
“Nice?” Dean closed the lid on the box. “He’s not being nice. He’s taunting me. He wants me to try his fake pie and probably get food poisoning.”
Dean turned and walked to the living room with Castiel following behind. “Yeah, yeah. Don’t forget Claire’s diaper bag. I packed a change of clothes in case she gets tired of the dress. Or in case she spits up on it, which is more likely to happen.”
“What is it?” Castiel asked.
“You okay?” Dean asked Castiel, who had thrown his head back on his chair and closed his eyes, massaging his temples like he had a headache.
“Alright, what’s the deal with your music?”
Dean turned around to find none other than Aaron Bass. Holy crap. Dean gaped at him. “Aaron?”
“Yes. Of course.”
“I guess we have more in common than we thought.”
“Couldn’t sleep?” Sam asked.
Castiel held onto Dean tighter as he tried to move away. “I didn’t say we couldn’t do other things.”
Charlie pouted. “Oh no, do I look like a monster right now?”
Castiel laughed. “You can demand things all you want, Dean, but I’m not allowing you to be my student ever again.”
Dean was smiling as he searched through philosophy courses. He knew he needed to take some basic courses, a.k.a. the boring stuff like math and science, so he would only take one philosophy course this semester. The title of a particular class popped out, and he stared at the screen for a good ten seconds before he said, “Castiel Novak, you’re teaching Sex in the Bible?”
Dean hadn’t either. “Lisa’s fine. She got in late last night, so she didn’t look too happy when she woke up for work this morning.”
“That one right there,” Dean said, pointing with his hand over Ben’s hand. “That one is Ursa Major.” Then Dean moved their hands. “And that one is Hydra.”
“I won’t do anything like that again. You have my word. What can I do to make you trust me? I need you to trust me. I need us to work.”
“Then what?” Dean asked, his voice sounding more bitter than he’d intended. “Then I should leave her and Ben and move on with my life? Do you think I’m gonna just walk out on my son because Lisa hurt my fucking feelings? What kind of father would that make me? I’m not gonna be another deadbeat dad.”
“Okay. Duly noted.”
Jess smiled. “Well, since we still don’t know for sure what the dog will look like, we haven’t thought of names just yet. But I promise once we adopt him, we’ll send your dad a lot of pictures so he can show you. Maybe you could help us name the dog when you see the pictures.”
Castiel raised his eyebrows. “There’s nothing wrong with being a Novak.”
Dean sat on one of them and rocked. “‘Cause they represent the life I wanna live.”
“Babe, come on,” Dean said.
“Do you like it?” There was hopefulness in Castiel’s voice that Dean didn’t miss.
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean said, sliding the eggs onto the two plates he’d set out on the counter.
“I broke up with Cas yesterday,” Dean explained.
“He’s in our bed watching
Dean had been lying to himself all week, thinking that Castiel sleeping over wasn’t a big deal. They’d done it hundreds of times before. But things had been different before. Dean had realized many things since their last sleepover.
Dean pulled Castiel into his arms. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist, holding him close. Then he pressed a kiss to Dean’s cheek.
“I’m fine, Jo,” Dean said, unable to wipe the smile off his face.
Dean couldn’t find it in him to feel bad about oversleeping. Sure, it was inconsiderate. But after the monumental night they’d spent together? Nothing could ruin his day.
Dean put the bottles back in the fridge. “It’s interesting how you think you can show up out of the blue asking for explanations left and right.”
Castiel blushed, and Dean went in for another fry. “Just because I like you doesn’t mean you get to steal my food.”
Dean was taken aback by the question. “N-no. Not really. It’s not rush hour yet anyway.”
“Is it? No, I don’t think it is.”
ring.”
“It’s not like we have many options to choose from.”
Claire woke up crying then, so Castiel stood up to go check on her.
Dean started to undress, but he was already clad in his boxer briefs when he realized his pajamas were in the guest room. There was no way in hell he was going in there right now. It was way too risky. Things were finally calm. “Can I borrow some clothes?”
A hidden voice said, “Run.”
Dean tried not to fidget, just to make the moment last a little longer. He’d never felt more comfortable waking up with anyone in bed. But the sudden need to use the bathroom made it impossible to linger in bed too long. Dean slipped out of Castiel’s arm and went to take care of his morning business.
So, Dean told Castiel about his life. He talked in length about how much he loved his job, and the road trips he’d been on, and the new friends he’d made. Castiel listened intently, only interrupting when he wanted more information. Dean even told Castiel about some of the more serious relationships he’d been in, and it wasn’t awkward at all.
“I don’t know enough about it to try it. But I think I like you better like this.” Castiel’s teeth dug into Dean’s asscheek over his boxer briefs and Dean yelped.
“Ben knows that, Dean,” Castiel promised. “Ben has always known that. There was never a doubt in his mind that you were the best dad in the world. I know this. I saw it in his eyes every time he looked at you.”
“I’ve been doing well, Esther. Really well, actually.” Castiel ran a hand through his hair, wondering what the best way to phrase the truth was. But Castiel wasn’t writing a story right now. He was talking to his family. “I wanted to tell you that Dean and I are in a relationship...and we’re really happy together.”
“Come on, Dean, give us something,” Ash said. “We all really want to know.”
Castiel found Dean at the fridge, holding a tub of cookies and cream ice cream like he’d found a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow. Dean let out a victorious, “Hell yes,” as he shut the door. Dandy was standing by Dean’s legs, looking up at him expectantly. She thought he was going to give her a treat from the fridge.
?” Castiel ran a hand through his hair. “Why?”
Yeah, that was true. But having Ben was great. Dean never minded taking care of him. In fact, he was dreading starting work on Monday because Ben would have to go to daycare. “Well, this will be my own hobby. I’ve never had one of those. But since I now have my white picket-fence life, I think I can afford a hobby. Don’t you?”
“Oh, he’ll
Bobby raised his eyebrows. “You wanna build a crib for your neighbors? Is it these Novaks you won’t shut up about?”
“One, two, three..” Castiel started counting.
“I’m tired, too. We should call it a night. I want to be wide awake tomorrow,” Dean said.
“Join the club,” Dean said.
“You were hitting on me before, weren’t you?”
As soon as they were both settled in bed, Dean pulled Castiel close and kissed him. They kissed slowly and deeply for almost an hour, tangling their legs. Dean had his hand on Castiel’s waist, while Castiel had his hand on Dean’s cheek. They kissed like they couldn’t get enough of it. It was sweet and tender, and Dean had never felt more content.
Dean laughed. “I’ve never been to a gay bar before.”
Dean opened his eyes only to give Sam a sideways glare that he completely ignored. They made it back to Dean’s house in a flash, or maybe Dean had passed out during most of the drive, but it felt like only a few seconds had gone by. Sam opened his door and helped him inside, leading him all the way to his bed, where Dean immediately burrowed himself under his comforter, wanting nothing but to warm up.
Dean looked at Castiel, and then at Charlie, and he started to cry. But he cried because he was so happy. Because he felt like that kid more than ten years ago who wrapped the same show with the same friends. Because he felt young and hopeful all over again. Because this was over, but so many incredible things would come in the future.
“It wasn’t bad. Just...unexpected.”
Dean pulled Cas all the way to his office. After putting the record on, Cas sat down on the recliner and pulled Dean onto his lap. Dean went happily, digging his fingers into Cas’s soft hair as he rubbed their noses together. Cas laughed at that, lips trying to get to Dean’s lips, but Dean moved away at the last moment.
As soon as she lay down in the only warm spot in the room, her mind wandered. But not for long. There were screams outside. No, shrieks. Painful. Agonizing. She clenched her jaw.
“No way,” Castiel said. “You’re not taking back my title. I earned it fair and square.”
“Good, good.”
Dean could not bear the thought of losing either of them.
Castiel chuckled. “This is why Amelia loved you.”
Castiel’s smile widened. “You really like to butter me up, don’t you?”
“Stop staring at me,” Castiel said, digging out his keys.
This was why Dean kept busy collecting his filming equipment. “I’ll be alright, Cas. Come on, I even got permission from the groundskeeper. I’m getting a key and everything. I’m not breaking and entering.”
been watching him. “Did you?”
“Then ditch the condom. Just get inside me.”
Cas walked over to him with a crooked smile. “Yes, I am.”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. He didn’t know if that was true, but he didn’t want to sound completely naïve either. “Hopefully. Look, if you keep hearing or seeing weird things, give me a call, and we’ll come back. I think we did all we could tonight.”
“I’ve always regretted those ten years I was away from you. Always. You...have no idea how many times I wanted to reach out to both of you. I had this stupid fear that if I did, you wouldn’t want to hear from me.”
Castiel seemed to agree. At least, that’s what Dean assumed by the bright smile on his face.
Castiel, who still hadn’t let go of Dean’s hand, squeezed it. “Me too.”
“See what I mean?” Lisa said, shaking her head. “Anyway, we’ll leave you to your cooking, Castiel.” She set down the wine next to the pie.
They made it to Oakland before midnight, thanks to Dean’s speeding. It wasn’t like there were cops around to do their jobs.
“She loves you, too.”
“You can drink water at home,” Charlie said.
Everyone looked at Sam, expectantly. Sam clenched his jaw, hesitating. Finally, he leaned forward. “Uh, I guess, do you have any unfinished business? Isn’t that the typical question for ghosts?”
“I’m down,” Dean said.
“Nope,” Ash said.
When they made it back to the living room, Ben was on the floor, cuddling both Doug the Dog and Dandy on top of the rug. They looked too cute not to capture it on camera, so Dean took out his phone and snapped a shot of it.
Castiel checked on Claire and when he made sure she was doing okay, he decided to look around as well. There were tarot deck cards on top of a ouija board, which he was sure should not be bought used, so he steered clear of those items. He found a nice purple lamp that he thought Dean would like for his new room. Dean hadn’t really decorated the room. All he’d done was put a few of his clothes in the closet and his toiletries in the bathroom. Castiel wished Dean would make the room more himself. It was his room, after all. He should make it look more permanently his.
do for you. Besides, I like road trips. I’m sure Claire would, too. The younger we get her used to them, the more we can go on.”
Dean shook his head. “Never mind. Cas got a call from his ex-wife, and he’s going to meet her. I’m coming with him. You gonna be okay here?”
The Mothman Museum proudly announced that it was “the world’s only” Mothman Museum, which made Dean chuckle. Anna snapped a picture of the building before they entered it.
Castiel answered a few minutes later.
“Do you really?”
Dean sighed, defeated.
Castiel tilted his head, smiling. “It has been a while, hasn’t it? I didn’t realize how difficult dating would be with a baby.”
Lisa pinched the bridge of her nose. “I already told you. Now, get my son.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes.
“I find that hard to believe. You’re such a romantic.”
Dean winked at Castiel, heading into the kitchen. While he cooked, Castiel played some Led Zeppelin. Dean felt giddy as he poured the waffle batter into the waffle maker. Since Dean was alone in the kitchen, he shook his hips as he made scrambled eggs. He played air guitar as he fried bacon. That was when he saw Castiel watching him from the doorway.
That sounded like a deal Dean would make.
“Is it that guy that’s always wearing a scarf?”
“I’m making pies, so I figured I should get a head start,” Dean said, getting the dough ready for the base. He was planning on making an apple, lemon meringue, cherry, and sweet potato pie. Those were his best ones, and he hoped Castiel liked them.
He had to keep reminding himself that this was normal. That tons of people everywhere went to therapy. That Dean wasn’t special. That this could possibly help him get his life back together. But Dean had never thought his life would lead him to this, to talking to a shrink about all his deep, personal problems.
Castiel hadn’t seen Ben smiling that wide before. Ben hugged Amelia, thanking her repeatedly before going back to gaping at the cake and trying to poke at it.
Dean’s legs weren’t strong enough to keep him standing, so he sat on the cold kitchen floor among the broken glass and spilled liquor. The entire room was filled with the stench of alcohol. It was repulsive. It smelled exactly like his childhood.
“I’m afraid so.” Castiel licked his lips again, and it was driving Dean crazy. Why did he insist on torturing Dean? What had Dean done to deserve this?
Jody didn’t seem at all shocked to hear it. “Are you alright with that?”
When Dean had to file his taxes at the beginning of the year, he found out that Castiel was the new tax accountant at the local tax office. Dean had simply rolled his eyes and let the guy do his work, avoiding sharing more than a few words with him. Fortunately, Castiel seemed just as repulsed by Dean as Dean was by him.
“Yep,” Dean agreed. “Uncle Cas does know his constellations.”
Castiel nodded. “Fair enough.”
Sam was back on his feet, yawning again. “How can I help? Just don’t put me at the stove unless you want me to burn the house down.”
“Alright, everyone, follow me to the table in the kitchen,” Dean said.
I CAN’T BELIEVE OUR WEDDING IS IN ONE MONTH. ONE MONTH!
Castiel grinned. “You were nervous about marrying me?”
“That does sound exciting. I’m going to visit Sam today, and then I might stop at the Roadhouse. I still need to find a man to kiss.”
“It’s a body pillow.”
“You’re probably right.”
“I missed you, too, Dad.”
“I’m always down for ice cream.”
