Paige doesn’t even bother to unpack, simply shoving her suitcase in the wardrobe and rummaging around in her backpack for her phone, before collapsing on the bed fully clothed.
Sam doesn’t need to know that Kevin orchestrated the fire. But even if he did, who could blame him? No one could deny that he deserved to cause the Winchesters some problems.
Sam and Dean are both wearing jeans and several layers of flannel, with a weird necklace for Dean and a plastic machete for Sam. Jack is in a sleek black and Eileen in a glittery dress, both with contacts that make their eyes look entirely black and goggles on top of their head.
Dean joins them, running a hand through his hair self-consciously. “Please tell me you aren’t talking about the Ghostfacers.”
Diana is only a few steps behind her, rolling her eyes at the fuss. Her outfit appears to be made entirely out of red leather; a blood coloured romper, and a matching leather jacket over the top.
Before they leave, Dean also snags some guitar-shaped hooks while Cas sneaks three more succulents in cute pots into the cart. They manage to spend quite a lot, which Cas worries about until Dean tells him it’s fine.
“Alright, I’ll see you all later then! I’ll have someone pick you up from the hotel foyer in half an hour who can give you a tour of the city. Call me if you need me.”
Paige rolls her eyes. “Don’t bother. I know about your little adventure and I don’t care, as long as Sam and Eileen show up in the next -” She checks her watch. “- four minutes and eighteen seconds.”
Cas glares at his friend, and Paige simply raises an eyebrow. “I’m fine, it’s fine. But, uh, can I help you?”
Crowley just lets out a long-suffering sigh as he turns to take his seat before the ceremony starts. “It’s fine, I’ll just leave it off.”
Charlie’s eyes twinkle, a spark of mischief in them as her breath ghosts Jo’s face. “They’re not the only ones who deserve to be happy.”
Paige thinks, leaning back onto the towel she brought. The sand is warm between her toes and the smell of sea salt in the air is more refreshing than any cold drink.
thank you so much for reading!! I don't have a plan for any sequels in this universe, but I am currently working on another angsty Destiel fic, so if you want updates, you can find me at
Paige attempts to paste on a smile and fails miserably. “And yet somehow he’s not the worst I’ve ever had.”
Sure enough, by the time Cas exits the bathroom the girls are already sitting at the stools in the kitchen, chatting to each other. For some reason, they seem to find the topic of vampires fascinating, discussing in detail some kind of movie or book plot. Cas actually finds it quite intriguing, and hovers around the corner for a moment so he can hear the end of the conversation. He knows that as soon as he enters the room, the conversation will stop. Claire will seize up, and Kaia and Dean will be left to fill the gaps in the awkward silence.
“I’ll be here the whole time if you wanna go on a ghost hunt,” Paige offers, but Eileen’s shoulders sag slightly and she sits back down beside Jack.
on ensuring that it would go off when she pressed the right button on her laptop, but that didn’t mean there wasn’t a chance (a significantly large chance, actually) that it wouldn’t go off in her arms and coat the whole Roadhouse in glitter.
“What will happen on Saturday?” Sam asks, literally taking a notebook out of his bag. Everyone looks at him incredulously, but Paige just carries on, unfazed. This isn’t her first control freak contestant.
This morning, she allows herself the luxury of a proper shower and the time to properly unpack her suitcase before she heads down to the hotel restaurant to meet the group for breakfast. She doesn’t really need them until this afternoon, but she feels like Sam is the kind of person who would get ansty unless he has every single detail about what’s happening and Cas has politely requested a tour of the arena before the semi finals tonight.
“Pack your bag. I’m gonna get my stuff and… check on the girls.” Dean suddenly swivels to face Cas again with a severity that frightens him, just for a second. “Just… please stay here. Don’t leave this room, okay? Please,” he begs.
“It’s not your fault,” Eileen insists. “Claire, Dean’s out but Sam’s in the kitchen. Maybe go and find him?”
Frowning, Dean wanders over to the door, his hand hovering by the handle without actually touching it. “Are you going to the finale?”
“You, uh…” Dean stutters, “you sacrificed yourself for me. The only way I could get you back was to remove your grace, and apparently that affected your memories somehow.”
“Okay, uh wait here one sec.” She lets go of the door and heads towards the wardrobe, yanking out her suitcase and rummaging around until she finds what she’s looking for. “This is your itinerary, it should keep you occupied for a little bit. I’ll explain it properly in the car, but if you give ten minutes to get ready we can go out for lunch.”
(Also, I didn't proofread this in the slightest and it is like midnight, so if you see any errors please tell me!!)
“It’s a chick flick!” he replies, seemingly offended Cas even has to ask. “‘Sides, it’s set at Christmas.”
Diana tuts from beside her. “He takes his shirt off one time, now everyone is falling over themselves for this
Grabbing Cas’ hand, she yanks him up with a surprising display of strength, already dragging him towards the door. Paige can’t decide whether Cas is the most oblivious man on earth and doesn’t realise he’s being flirted with, or he isn’t in a relationship with Dean as she had assumed and is actually down for some quite literal French kissing.
Before he can register what’s going on, a blonde girl has launched herself into his arms. “Cas! I thought you were dead, Dean said that he was gonna try and get you back but he was such a mess and Sam seemed so focused on his hunter thing so I honestly didn’t think he’d be able to-”
By ‘pleasantly surprised’, she actually meant that she was going to learn all of these recipes and cook them for the rest of her life, because the only thing that could prevent her from eating acharuli khachapuri every day is lactose intolerance and death.
“‘Course I am! Go warn your girlfriend,” she says, yanking the door open and bowing as she exits. “Good luck on your quest, young paladin!”
Diana frowns. “You know, your…” She struggles for a moment, before triumphantly announcing: “Contestants!”
For the second semi-final, Paige puts strict rules in place about running off to join a ghost hunt. “And,” she adds, pointing an accusing finger at Castiel, “no flirting with Odette. She’s just messing with you.”
He places one hand on Dean’s shoulder, allowing himself this one touch as a last comfort before he dies. “Goodbye, Dean,” he says finally, searching the man’s face for a moment before throwing him to safety.
It’s the night before moving day, and although the week in between had flown by, Cas finds himself unable to sleep. He can’t help but overthink, worrying whether or not this is the right idea. His relationship with Dean is already rocky - in fact, he barely knows the man - and the only reason he is still helping Cas is because his brother persuaded him and he feels obligated to help the shell of the man he once knew.
talented makeup team - the UK act gets on stage at the right time, and they kick it out of the park.
When Sam comes in to check on him in the morning, he doesn’t expect to find Cas sprawled across the top of his bed, wrapped in a long forgotten trench coat with a cassette player tucked in beside him. Shaking his head, he carefully drapes a blanket over him and closes the door softly when he leaves. Cas deserves some rest.
Paige finds the ride to the hotel even more stressful than it usually is. For starters, it is rare that she had to look after more than two people at once, and she usually does so after having considerably more sleep. Plus, this group - Team Free Will, they have decided their name is - have an incredibly strange dynamic, and she barely has time to try and figure it out between all the questions Sam keeps asking her.
After two weeks of looking, they did end up finding a house that met Dean’s standards. It was on the outskirts of Lebanon (“quiet, that’s good,”), it had a fully functioning kitchen (“I’ll make you a pie you actually get to eat this time, Cas,”), a huge backyard (“we’ll have to get some plants or shit, I guess,”) and it was ready to move into immediately, which Cas was pleased about. Last time, his stay in the bunker had been punctuated with his pleasant conversations with Eileen and the pity that accompanies someone recovering, but this time it had been much worse. The sooner he got out of there, the better.
Balthazar raises an eyebrow, clearly not interested in Gabe’s attempt at starting trouble. “Cassie apologised for that. Besides, that was ages ago. I moved on.”
“I’m too old for this,” he grumbles, dropping his face into the mattress. Cas takes that as his cue to quickly retreat to the guest bedroom and pretend he saw nothing.
Jack nods and Kevin watches as he bounds off into the distance before he turns and walks into the main room. It only takes a few seconds before he spots Sam -  he towers way above any other guest - and he schools his expression into one of panic.
“Thanks,” Dean says, sounding a little put out, and Paige fights the urge to start laughing again. Sleep deprivation makes everything hilarious.
They set off walking side by side in silence, the cool air calming him. Cas looks up as he walks and he watches the stars, twinkling so far in the distance. There’s almost no light pollution all the way out here so the view is breathtaking, and they stop for a moment to admire the sky. Even though it is beautiful, the stars illuminating the neverending blackness like fairy lights, it makes him feel so small. He gets the sense that the Cas of the past was so much bigger than he is, that he was somehow
He was surprised that Dean would agree to move in with him, though. Somehow, it felt much more permanent than staying in a cabin for a few weeks. The cabin had been somewhere to stay for a few weeks, a way to run away from the issue of Cas’ lost memories. A home felt more long-term; almost scarily like a promise of a future with the Winchesters. With Dean, specifically.
“Joanna Beth!” comes Ellen’s voice from across the room, and they both startle and pull away. “You better not be responsible for this mess upstairs!”
Cas shifts in his seat, but he’s not backing down now. “Well, you have all those angel statues. And I saw you had holy water. Plus, I’m pretty sure Sam mentioned something about praying once-”
“Please,” Rowena scoffed, “You’re still in love with one of the grooms. This must be torture for you, poor dearie.”
Odette gathers up the bottom of her skirt, already heading for the door. “What an adventure, Diana!”
“Yeah, might’ve been. Anyway, he’s much more demanding than most of the agents I deal with, and I haven’t figured out whether I’m jealous of you or pity you yet. Shall I make a reservation for dinner at seven?”
He’s not stupid. Kevin instantly recognises at least six ways this could go wrong. But instead of pointing them out or saying a firm no, the first real smile of the evening spreads over his face. “You know what buddy, I think pie is an excellent idea. We making cherry or apple?”
Cas can’t form a coherent response, his mind still whirling and the taste of gunsmoke and blood still on his tongue. “Shoot - I didn’t mean to, I swear, I didn’t mean it - and now he’s going to die…”
Charlie weaves in and out of the guests, ducking past a mixture of familiar and unfamiliar faces, only pausing for a second in her quest when she spots a vaguely familiar red-headed woman who has apparently decided that the grooms won’t be the only one in white. Wrapping her arms tightly around her special contraption - which she has nicknamed “Charlie’s Very Special Totally Awesome Glitter Cannon” (she has absolutely no idea why the name hasn’t caught on yet) - she prays with every jostle that it doesn’t go off. Sure, she had spent
Dean swallows, glancing down for a moment before meeting Cas’ eyes once more and jerking his arm out of Cas’ vice-like grip.
The gun is still gripped tightly in Cas’ shaking hand when the next onslaught of memories hits, and they seem much more recent than the others. He sees the boy that saved him before - Jack, his son - and he sees Sam and Eileen and a person he knows is Death, and then he sees a room.
“Shut up. I just mean…” Dean trails off, his hand finally stilling as the noise from inside the Roadhouse goes quiet. The thunk of the back door opening in the distance makes Dean jump like he is being electrocuted, and Bobby rolls his eyes. “I don’t wanna end up like one of those grumpy old couples, y’know?”
“Cherry!” yells Jack, dragging him towards the kitchen by the sleeve of his jacket. “I bet we can make the tastiest pie in the world!”
Paige nods, downing a shot that may or may not have been hers, before pointing around the room. “So, you met the Irish act yesterday, right? The Brendan Brothers. They’ve got pretty medium odds. No one hates Ireland, but the song is just meh anyway, so.
Cas barely manages to scramble back around a corner before Dean storms out of the room, barging past him without a second glance.
“I hate you,” Kaia grumbles, but the game is over within a minute, and Jody arrives to usher them into their bridesmaid dresses before another one can start. They’re a pale blue, to fit with the unofficial blue and green theme, and hover elegantly off their shoulders.
Cas can’t help but feel like Claire is the strangest thing to come from his amnesia. Everyone else seemed to have a reason for how they treated him; he obviously had some shared history with Dean and Sam (not that they would tell him), but Claire was an enigma. Why would he know a teenage girl? He didn’t even know how old he was, but he certainly felt old enough to practically be her father. Not that he was, he didn’t think.
He mutters something unintelligible into the side of his pillow, and Cas smirks. “Sorry, I didn’t catch that.”
Cas slowly shuffles away from Dean, moving backwards along the cold floorboards until his back hits the leather sofa Dean had picked.
ahhh, what did you think? I thought TFW deserved to get their toes in the sand, but a lot of it ended up being more about Paige.
Alex and Jo share a panicked look. “Yeah, just one sec!” Alex replies, waving her hands at Jo desperately and shoving the full dustpan under the kitchen counter. “Hi?” she asks, only slightly out of breath, opening the door just a crack.
Then, it’s just a waiting game. If Paige had been hoping that Sam and Eileen were a couple so that matching outfits aren’t weird, she is praying that Dean and Cas are too. It’s not that their outfits are matching, per say… it’s just that Dean might need some help getting his on.
Claire didn’t say this about people often, but Kevin really was smart. For such a well behaved kid, there was nothing Jack loved more than sweets, and they really capitalised on that. Sam and Cas must not give him nearly enough sugar because as soon as the word “chocolate” was out of their mouths there were already three bars in front of them.
Ian runs a hand through his mussed hair and Fox shudders. “There were these horrible scratching noises… it was creepy as fuck.”
The second woman is wearing a flowing sky blue dress that falls around her ankles, the back dipping dangerously low to show off two gorgeous tattoos of angel wings.
Cas looked up at Dean, his brows furrowed as if in deep thought. Blood ran down one side of his temple, a matching stain on the headstone beside him.
“You guys ready to go?” she asks as she approaches the group of surprised faces, Eileen looking especially impressed at her quick turnaround.
“You already act like an old married couple, ya idjit,” Bobby replies, “So d’ya want to make it official or not?”
the way to do it,” Diana declares, a look of respect shining in her eyes as she approaches Paige. “What are your children doing?”
Cas is fairly sure it’s in the bunker - it has a similar style to the rest of the place, and is suitably gloomy from the lack of windows - but he doesn’t recognise it from his brief stay there. There is a bookcase behind him and a chair in the middle of the room, but the sparse decoration isn’t what captures his attention.
“Is that blood?” Cas asks, concerned, but she’s already going after her girlfriend, waving four fingers behind her but not stopping otherwise.
and he hadn’t felt so nauseous since before he had become a demon. There wasn’t enough alcohol in the universe for him to be able to get through this, and none of his plans were working.
“Yes, I remember what nachos are. I don’t remember what they taste like, though,” Cas clarifies, allowing himself to be pulled along.
The other man nods, his eyes skimming the crowd. “I get what you’re saying. I hate flying, all I need right now is a hot shower.”
a cherry, because Cas wasn’t sure what flavour he would like - and Cas is tending to his plants. He enjoys tending the garden; the knowledge that it was him that coaxed these living things into growing and thriving fills him with joy. He is in the middle of watering a tansy - Dean had bought him a book on all the different plants so he knew how to care for them - when he notices that he has been out way longer than normal. Usually, Dean calls him in for dinner long before the sun starts to drop below the horizon, and it’s not like him to break the routine.
It would explain so much, he decides. The way Dean grieved like a widow. The way he wouldn’t look him in the eyes. Why he seemed to find his lack of memories particularly hard to deal with. He mourned not only for the friend, like Cas had assumed up to this point, but for the love they had shared.
The look on Crowley’s face when he had discovered that his own mother was the new queen of Hell was something she would treasure forever. There really was nothing else that could compare to the perfect blend of absolute shock and horror that flitted across his face in the thirty seconds it took for him to regain his composure, and she hadn’t been letting her forget her recent promotion.
Dr. Aros comes back a few minutes later, the stranger on her heels. “I’m afraid you have a fairly serious case of retrograde amnesia,” she explains, before gesturing to the man. “Do you remember him?
Swallowing, Paige continues. “Okay. I really love you, Addy, but you went and broke my heart and trampled all over my identity and… I don’t think that can really be fixed with a phone call.”
Jo looks up from the drink she is nursing to find Charlie smiling down at her, ethereal in the low lighting and somehow sparkling. “Are you covered in glitter?”
“I do.” A tear slips from Cas’ eye as he slides the ring onto Dean’s finger. Dean cups his face, rubbing his thumb over his cheek to wipe it away, the metal of his new ring cool against Cas’ skin.
Rubbing her eyes, Paige gently places her plate on the bedside table and then flops backwards onto the pillow, rubbing at her temples. “I don’t know. It could be a scare tactic, but you met her. There’s really no telling,”
They stop for a quick spot of lunch at the hotel - penovani khachapuri this time, which is like a cheesy croissant square - before Paige’s phone rings.
Cas’ grace shone blindingly in the darkness of the Empty, a thin ribbon of silvery-blue which arced through the air into the small glass vial Dean had brought with him. It looked like mercury, sliding around as Dean fumbled the lid on in time to catch Cas as he collapsed.
The man - Dean - drags his hands over his face again, pulling his cheeks down as he does. For a moment, he looks like a ghost; his eyes seem sunken into their sockets and the bags under his eyes look like ink.
Cas is woken in the middle of the night to three sharp knocks on his door. Yawning, he shuffles his way over and yanks it open, but there’s no one in sight. At his feet, however, there’s a cardboard box.
“So, today is all about you guys. Tell me about yourselves and try to be as helpful as possible, or I’ll bust out the team building exercises,” Paige warns, wiggling her eyebrows.
“Alright,” Cas agrees, unsure of what’s going on but terrified by the intensity of Dean’s request. Dean shoots him one last look to check he means it, before ducking out of the room, slamming the door shut behind him. Cas doesn’t move for a full minute, but when he does, he’s like a whirlwind. It’s not too hard to throw all his earthly possessions into the borrowed duffle bag, considering he doesn’t have many, but he does take the time to speedily fold his new t-shirts.
“I swear, I had this whole thing written down and rehearsed, but, uh, it seems so stupid compared to that.”
Back at the hotel, Paige tosses herself onto her bed face first, groaning into her pillow. She’s supposed to be the professional here. One week of her life has been set aside for Eurovision since she was nine years old. For the last five years, she has spent that week in the country of the year, travelling the world and dealing with crises ranging from ridiculous to potentially fatal.
“Nope. It’s Azerbaijan’s manager. Looks like the so-called Queen of Hell was summoned by speaking her name or something,” Paige laughs.
“Maybe,” Cas grins, a mischievous glint in his eyes. Suddenly, Dean is being tipped backwards, falling towards the floor only to be caught by Cas’ unfailing grip.
Ignoring the usual sting that accompanied the reminder of his mother’s death, Dean quickly got to work. He had spent months trying to find what he wanted; wasting away the days with unconsciousness and dealing with yesterday’s hangover, and the nights researching until he reached the bottom of the next liquor bottle. One day, he found it. It was a relatively simple spell, too. Simple enough that Dean could do it without telling Sam where he was going or what he was up to. In his opinion, the kid worried about him enough as it was.
Paige smiles, trying to keep it from venturing into evil mastermind territory. Oh boy, they have no idea what they’re in for. She has some calls to make.
He claps Jack on the back, unable to conceal his glee any more. “Kiddo, it’s not your fault at all. D’ya want another go on the swings?”
Cas can’t help but worry, though. The last 24 hours had gone by in a blur of confusion and panic and hospitals and hurried explanations, and the adrenaline was finally starting to wear off. Even with his head drooping and his mind feeling like it was wrapped in cotton wool, Cas’ hand never left Dean’s.
Half the fun of flying to various countries for Eurovision, Paige knows, is the food. Seriously, those two weeks she spent in Germany a few years back… well, she’s genuinely surprised she managed to do
“You guys good to go? I’ll pass you the outfits, and then you’ve got an hour to meet me in the foyer, okay?”
“Hello, dear,” Rowena greets him, elbowing her son in the side to get him to turn around and mumble an introduction. “How have you been?”
Plus, they did have at least 2.5 kids, so maybe he was a bit closer to the American Dream than he had imagined.
To be honest, he’s surprised at the amount of time it takes for Sam to return. Ever since he arrived in the bunker, he’s never quite felt like he’s at home. It’s like a part of him had always been ready for his inevitable exit, like he had never been welcome here, as much as Eileen and Sam had tried to tell him that this was his home too.
Dean snorts, gently taking her makeshift weapon off her. “Congratulations. You just helped bust your first ghost.”
Paige thinks about it for a moment, and decides she has nothing to lose. “Alright then. Tell me when, and I’ll meet you there. I’ve just got to answer a few angry messages first.”
“What do you mean ‘you lost the kid’?” Claire says with exasperation, pinching the bridge of her nose.
Dean takes another bite of his burger and chews thoughtfully, but doesn’t say anything. Cas considers whether or not Dean knows what his loss is for, but he ignores it. Perhaps, if just the echo of the memory is this painful, it is for the best that he doesn’t remember.
Kaia tried calling Claire, but there was no response. There was also no response from Alex or Jo, which wiped out the entirety of their bridesmaid crew.
“Cas came to me specifically,” Charlie mutters as she swings them out of the way of Meg and Balthazar, who are dancing way too close for anyone’s sanity. “Apparently Dean gave him a mixtape a few years ago of his favourite Zeppelin songs. He still has it. I think he carries it about everywhere.”
She gathers her things together at lightning speed, refusing to look up at the table full of frowns she’ll probably be getting. She knows she’s acting weird and she’ll have to explain later, but she really needs ten minutes to get herself together or she’ll lose it in public.
She stares into those angry, dead eyes for a long moment, her arms up in front of her like she is simply trying to calm a wild animal. Neither of them move, locked in a staring contest that might end with her dead.
Dean laughs and Sam raises his eyebrows, but no one asks any more questions. Paige deletes three other emails with a quick prayer to the Eurovision gods, before shoving her phone back into her handbag.
This time, when he traces his fingers over the etchings, he feels his heart swell. Dean stands with him as his fingers skim over each letter, grinning widely. “You’re a part of the family now, like it or not.”
Kaia lunges, but it’s too late. Time seems to move in slow motion as they both watch the glitter cannon fall through empty space, hitting the carpet with a deafening
“I’m Castiel, by the way,” the first man introduces, smiling down at her. “Sorry for making you spill your coffee.”
Dean does as instructed and tries to force the tension from his arms, relaxing his death grip around Cas’ waist. He takes a deep breath and looks down at the man beneath him -
Bela studies her cherry-coloured nails, not bothering to so much as glance at Dean. “Clearly you care for the man,” she muses, “so I beg to differ.”
They eat in silence for a few minutes, Sam draining the last of his smoothie and Paige digging into her bacon, before she can’t stand the silence any more.
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this! Hopefully, next week you might even get two chapters, as a treat :)
“Here, you take these two rooms and split them,” she suggests, handing over two sets of keys. “I’ll meet you guys here at midday tomorrow, okay? That gives everyone plenty of time to catch up on jetlag.”
“Why am I wearing this?” Castiel asks, picking at the feathers protruding from his back with a frown.
“Good for you,” Claire responds, absolutely done. “For the record, I am pretty glad you said yes, because Cas and the Winchesters and Jody and Donna and all the other amazing people I met because of your stupid deal were better parents than either you or mom ever were. So, there,” she finishes, feeling like a toddler having a meltdown.
“Damn,” Dean comments, nudging Cas. “I didn’t think anyone could beat you at the smitey glare, but it looks like you have competition, buddy.”
He stares at his reflection in the mirror and doesn’t see himself. He sees a Cas who has lived a life he remembers. He sees a man who doesn’t hide in a bathroom asking people questions he should know the answer to.
Eileen is the only person that treats Cas normally. Unlike Dean, she will look him in the eyes. Unlike Sam, she isn’t overly concerned for his health. Unlike everyone else, she doesn’t whisper about him as he walks through the corridor. She talks to him about things other than his amnesia, doesn’t hesitate to answer his questions, and if she can’t - or won’t - answer something, she simply says as much.
“Well then, brave paladin,” Charlie replies with a smile, trying her best to bow without causing an accidental explosion. “Your battleground awaits.”
“Oh!” Paige exclaims, jumping like she has been electrocuted. “How do you guys know each other? I never figured it out.”
Dean was ridiculously picky when it came to the house he was going to purchase. Cas, in fact, was starting to think that the image of the perfect house he had in his mind didn’t actually exist, and they were going to end up stuck in the bunker forever. It had to be within an hour’s drive of the bunker, it had to have a garage, it had to have a kitchen and so on and so forth. His list of demands looked like it could be on one of those cartoons he was so fond of watching; Cas was always waiting for him to unfurl it and for it to span the length of the library.
They’re standing outside the Roadhouse. Everyone else is already inside, everything will be ready to go in only a few minutes. Bobby rubs his hand over his face and drums up patience he has never had, and turns to Dean with a gruff smile on his face.
” Dean yells across the foyer, which only succeeds in drawing more attention to him. For him, Paige had selected a very…
“Why did they choose this location?” Castiel asks, appearing at the side of Paige out of nowhere and startling her.
“Clearly you want something, or you wouldn’t have brought me breakfast. If you came up because I’m running late, you would have made fun of me again.”
Dean crosses the room in three quick strides. “Don’t apologise, sweetheart,” he replies, gently tipping Cas’ chin up so their eyes met. “You’re here now, that’s all that matters.”
“Okay, here we go,” she announces, handing them out. “That’s yours, they’re yours… and yup, this one’s Eileen’s. Okay, you all set? Women’s dressing rooms are down to the right, men’s to the left.”
This chapter is mostly exposition (sorry) but there are plenty of exciting things and fun ghosties to come... if anyone has any more questions about how Eurovision works though, feel free to ask me!
A cheery voice brings her attention back to her group, where a ridiculously tall man and a significantly shorter woman have joined them, along with a guy who is waving at them. Paige genuinely can’t tell how old he’s supposed to be; it could be anywhere from thirteen to thirty.
If anyone has noticed Paige’s odd behaviour, nobody says as much. She’s acutely aware of how fake her smile must look and how the bags under her eyes betray her lack of sleep, but she has long passed the point of caring. She feels dangerously close to unhinged; usually, the only way to get her brain to move this fast is to drink at least four cups of coffee, but today her train of thought is going faster than the speed limit without a drop of caffeine.
“Hey, uh, Claire and Kaia said they wanted to drop by in about an hour. That okay with you?” Dean calls, sounding genuinely unsure.
“Sorry I didn’t answer your prayers,” he responds, sounding genuinely apologetic. “I was busy rebuilding Heaven!”
Airport coffee in Georgia is as disgusting as it is everywhere else, she discovers, angrily flipping through the book she had brought with her without reading a word. Eventually, she gives up all pretenses of paying attention to the (admittedly, quite gripping) story and fishes her phone from her backpack, hoping that there would be some kind of update.
For some reason, Claire loathed him, and he had no idea why. What could he have done to hurt the poor girl enough for her to hate him so much now?
Sam stands up immediately, concern shining on his face. “Where’s the main stage?” he demands, and he’s out the door with MacLeod hot on his tail before Paige can stay anything to stop them.
Castiel’s eyes flutter open, and he groans as Dean’s hands nervously roam across his face, checking for any injury. His head feels like a watermelon that’s been hit with a sledgehammer. With every blink, he seems to see a new scene playing in his mind; a seemingly impossible fight, a snippet of a conversation, flashes of images that make no sense to him. He watches himself walk into a lake, he sees the fires of Hell, he feels himself being stabbed in the back.
Everyone gives Eileen a strange look, but Fox shakes his head. “No, nothing like that. As far as I know, anyway.”
There’s an awkward silence for a moment, both of them working up to what they want to say, and they both start speaking immediately.
“Right,” Claire responds, and his face drops a little. This probably wasn’t going as he was expecting.
“Other than that, I don’t think I recognise any of the other contestants in this room, other than Diana and Odette. Russia’s the favourite this year-”
“Castiel,” he answers, shaking her hand rather than kissing the knuckles like she was clearly expecting.
It’s only then that her sleepy brain finally manages to catch up and she sits bolt upright in her bed.
Dean backs up properly this time, hurt in his eyes and his hands thrown up in surrender. “Woah, hold on a sec-”
Suddenly, the room around him disappears. Cas is standing in the trench coat that he knows is hung on the back of his door, a suit underneath it. Instead of the cabin around him, there is an empty road, bright lights warding against the darkness of the night. A hand lands on his shoulder, and Dean - a much younger, a much happier Dean - grins up at him. “Don’t ever change,” he says, staring straight into what feels like Cas’ soul.
That’s when Cas moves, throwing himself to his feet and ignoring the way the corner of his vision turns black. The gun wobbles in front of him, vaguely pointed in Dean’s direction as he waits for his eyes to focus again.
Eventually, Dean caves a little, and after a halfway gas stop, he gruffly holds out a box of tapes for Cas to pick. Cas hesitates, before slipping his hand into the inside pocket of his coat instead.
Dean frowns for a second, an answer on the tip of his tongue, but then he smirks. “Good things do happen, Cas.”
Kevin cracks one eye open to squint over at where the kid is swinging happily, kicking his legs enthusiastically as he climbs higher and higher. “I think I have an idea.”
Dean stands before him, the bags from under his eyes gone, but an expression of resigned dread fills Cas’ heart with pure fear. Somehow, it strikes him that the man is still beautiful; even the despair clouding his features is uniquely Dean Winchester.
Paige laughs, relaxing a little as they take their seats in the green room. “Yeah, a good Paddington Bear has got me far over the years.”
“Ah shit, let me see who this is. Hold on.” She fishes it out of her handbag and squints at the screen, before shoving it back into her bag, letting it ring out.
Eileen thinks about this question. “I can’t really tell you,” she says, in the end. “But I think I can probably tell you that we’re called hunters.”
She saunters towards Cas, the diamonds on her choker blinding him as they sparkle in the light, and Cas watches with horror as her eyes flicker and turn completely black. He can see his own terrified expression reflected in those pools of darkness as he watches Dean struggle against invisible bonds, unable to move from his position on the floor no matter how hard he tries.
Gabriel, for example, could always be relied upon to cause some kind of mayhem, since his ego meant he couldn’t be out of the spotlight for more than five minutes at a time, never mind the duration of a whole wedding. Meg was a no-go, unless he was desperate and wanted to start a fist fight, and besides, she was busy flirting with Balthazar anyway. His mother was apparently doing her damned best to talk his ears off. How she hadn’t noticed that he was just giving noncommittal responses in the right places, he wasn’t sure.
Vampires are easy, Dean knows. Give him a machete any day of the week, and he knows exactly what to do. He can decapitate a nest of vamps without a second thought, without even breaking a sweat.
“Hey, Bal, haven’t seen you in… an eon,” he begins, sending his signature charming smile. “And Meg, I’ve heard plenty about you.”
The Black Sea Arena looks almost barren without the thousands of audience members, hundreds of staff, and the assortment of eclectic acts on stage. Jack’s head seems to swing around the empty place almost unnaturally, his eyes comically wide as Cas gently steers him with a hand on his back.
Until now, she had never even spared a second thought for Georgian food - in fact, she’d actually been hoping that Italy would win for the last few years just so she could spend a week eating pasta that wasn’t from one of those instant pouches - but she’d been pleasantly surprised in the last few days.
Cas is suddenly hit with a wave of nausea. There are a thousand words on the tip of his tongue, a hundred memories that he can feel swirling around him like a tornado. He’s stuck in the eye of the storm, reaching out desperately to try and grab some debris to hold onto so he can make sense of what’s going on, but everything is just out of his grasp.
Bobby Singer isn’t nervous. He doesn’t get nervous. He had defeated monsters and been killed by Lucifer himself (among other things), why on earth would a little wedding make him nervous?
It’s strange, all these small displays of affection; sometimes, Dean forgets that he can have this now. After all the years of pining for it, he often has to pinch himself to remind him that it isn’t just some long, incredibly weird dream.
The third person to sit at this bar and get drunk is a co-owner of the joint. He has spent many nights asleep on the pool table in between creating computer programs too complex for most of the world to understand. Without Ash, the man who conquered Heaven more than once, there would be no venue, and there would also probably be no alcohol.
“No, I’m sorry,” Cas countered sadly. “I can see how much this is hurting everyone… I wish I could remember you.”
“Because he’s a Winchester, obviously!” Jack beams. “Sam and Dean have stopped at least three apocalypses and killed Lucifer and were friends with the previous King of Hell-”
“The same answer as the last twenty times ya asked,” he grumbles in reply. “Now get outta here, or you’ll miss the damn thing.”
Paige raises an eyebrow. “...I can promise you that Bulgaria is a real country. There are some rumours that they have some scheme cooked up to get some revenge or something? I’d just stay out of their way.”
Bela comes so close to him that Cas can feel her icy cold breath on his face and when he doesn’t back away, her mouth twists into a grin. “I’m sure this will hurt Dean more than you,” she whispers into his ear, backing away to see the fear flash through his features before snapping her fingers.
Looking around in amazement, his eyes grew wider and his eyebrows raised higher with every new item he spots. He finds that he knows what some of these things are; a ornamental silver knife from the 1800s, a book on angel mythology that he somehow knows is only half correct, a bottle of whiskey delivered as a peace offering.
Odette crosses her arms defensively. “Now, Di, that’s not very polite. We should all get a drink together!”
Cas thinks about it for a moment, turning the issue over in his mind. Could he work through this? The overwhelming urge to run is still there, bubbling beneath his skin and itching to put as much distance between him and the bunker as he could, but where does he go from here? If he goes back to bed right now, there is a house and a friend and too many cosy blankets waiting for him. If he runs… well, there is no telling what could happen, good or not. Does he take the risk?
thank you so much for reading! this is just a bit of a filler chapter, but don't worry, there's plenty of mayhem left to come :)
“Alrighty then! Sounds good. I’ll leave you two to get reacquainted then.” With that, she exits the room, already flipping to another patient’s notes.
There’s an awkward silence so long, that she finally turns around to see what prevented a response. The first thing she sees, instead of the ever familiar crinkled suit or the messy hair, is the name tag.
Sam, Dean, Cas, Jack, Eileen, and Paige all go the beach and have fun. Paige thinks about the events leading up to her leaving for Eurovision, where her then-girlfriend, Addy, dumped her when she found her asexual flag. Paige then calls her back, and Addy apologises and says she has done research on what asexuality is and she just wanted to say sorry. They tentatively make up with a promise to have a proper conversation when Paige gets back, and then Paige gets ice cream with Jack :D
Cas is quiet for a moment, turning this piece of information over in his head like he does so often these days. He’s constantly scared that any piece of information he gains might be lost at any moment, so he’s extra careful to make sure he remembers things. “What do you actually do?”
Cas shuffles in the plastic chair, his back starting to ache and his eyes fixed on the ground. “I’ll leave it, if you want. You did buy it. But I can leave before you’re discharged so I don’t cause any more trouble than I already have.”
Paige grins. “Of course. You better not be defecting to the Irish side, though. I think I’d have to kill you for such a betrayal.”
He nods, fidgeting with the badge over his chest. “I was just never there for her, and then I left her altogether… I know Cas is a good guy and all, but I never should have said yes to being his vessel. For Claire’s sake.”
The door shuts with a creak behind her, and Alex breathes a dramatic sigh of relief, before continuing the monumental task of cleaning up the kitchen. Granted, she had only met the Winchesters a handful of times, but she knew that they definitely deserved a nice day, and she was
ooh.... it's cliffhanger time!!! it's been really fun to write from outsider pov, both because the Winchesters AND Eurovision is weird as fuck already, but also because I've been able to develop original characters that I really like!
He asks questions, at first, and Sam does his best to give a satisfying answer while also clearly hiding something. If there was anything Cas has learnt in the brief time he had been living with them, it was that the Winchesters were excellent liars. It was as if some deep instinct within him could tell; an intrinsic lie detector that only worked on the two brothers and left him feeling nauseous every time he caught them.
When Rowena agreed to go to this wedding, she simply thought it would be an excellent occasion to really indulge her dramatic side. She was happy for the boys, of course - she wasn’t Jack’s Auntie Rowena for nothing - but in her eyes, it really wasn’t a wedding without some shenanigans. Since there was no drunk mother-in-law there to cause said chaos, she had slipped easily into the role of vodka aunt, in between trying to stop her son from upstaging her.
They hover in a slightly awkward silence for a minute, Paige still absentmindedly dabbing at the coffee on her shirt with a soaked napkin. The airport is reasonably busy, and she spots a few familiar faces from previous years hurrying past.
“Uh, I think it was in some episode of this ghost hunting show? I can get it up in a minute if you want. Apparently, the architect’s wife threw herself out of the top floor. They say it’s bad luck to walk past.”
“Are Dean and Cas going to have sex?” Jack says, entirely sincere, and Claire drops her head into her hands and groans.
“I’m sorry, Paige.” The sincerity in Addy’s voice makes her heart break all over again, and she has to find a nearby bench to sit on before her legs give out.
“No, it’s not that. I-” He frowns. “I can’t put my finger on it. It’s like… a sense of loss, I suppose? Grief, almost, but I don’t know what it’s for.”
Georgia has never exactly been on Paige’s dream holiday list - who thinks of an obscure European country over, say, the Bahamas? - but she has to admit, it’s really nice. The beach they go to is near abandoned (although that may be due to the fact it’s a weekday) and the view is beautiful.
“And Dean, do you take Castiel to be your unlawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health?”
“It’s really not your fault,” Eileen repeats, but it doesn’t seem to matter much, did it? Everyone who seemed to know him was still hurt, carrying the burden of a shared history by themselves.
Dean nods once, a jerky movement, and Bobby finally gives in and slaps the boy's hands away from his suit, leaning over to actually fix his bow tie. He claps his hands over Dean’s shoulders just as the bridesmaids round the corner, chattering excitedly.
Charlie had been in charge of the music, which means Dean is half expecting the Imperial March as he walks down the aisle and is surprised when, instead, the first few notes of Can’t Fight This Feeling play. When he turns to her in disbelief, she simply waggles her eyebrows at him and gives him a gentle shove through the doors. (It also strikes him that she has quite a lot of glitter in her hair, but he decides now isn’t the best time to ask.)
Jack sounds worried, and Kevin has to remind himself to remove his evil grin before turning around to face the kid.
Dean smiles a small, secretive smile. “Sam’s my brother, who’s dating Eileen. I’m married to Cas, and Jack is our… uh, adopted son.”
The phone line goes dead, and Paige slowly removes it from her ear, resting her hands in her lap for a moment before rummaging in her bag for tissues.
Cas hesitates, his hand on the door handle - Dean sounds like he is in some kind of trouble and he probably needs help, but should he do what he asks or run in to save him? In the heat of the moment, Cas decides to do as he is told and calls Sam, fidgeting nervously on the patio as he waits for him to pick up.
Neither of them can keep from smiling, and for a moment, they meet each other’s eyes. Cas thinks that maybe it’s the first time Dean has done that since his accident, but it doesn’t last long. Dean clears his throat, his attention back on an invisible spot on the floor.
The song changes, drifting from a more upbeat number to an old classic: Since I’ve Been Loving You, and they shift minutely closer, their arms wrapped around each other.
I'm so sorry this took a bit longer to get out, this chapter really fought me! I've also been busy with two other fics recently - my DCRB entry, which I posted last week, and another fic I've started writing which may or may not have something to do with Eurovision...
“What. Did. You. Do. To. Me,” Cas repeats, jabbing the gun in Dean’s direction to punctuate each word.
But, only a few hours later, he is sitting on his unmade bed in his new room and he has never felt so happy. There are boxes piled up around him and he can’t unpack properly until they go and get paint tomorrow, but he finally has a room of his own. He can’t prove it without his memories, obviously, but he has the overwhelming feeling that this is the first time he has ever had a room of his own. Which is ridiculous, because how could he never have had his own room before? But he found that nothing seemed to make sense these days, so he didn’t question it.
She’s in the middle of trying to compose herself when two women approach them. The first is clearly performing tonight; everywhere Paige seems to look, there is glitter. She has to admit, though, the outfit is flattering: the sparkly jumpsuit hugs her body in all the right places, and Paige would bet her non-existent house that there’s an even skimpier outfit underneath.
“Hey, uh… Jimmy,” Charlie says while Kaia’s mouth flops open and closed as she tries to process Cas’ secret twin. “Could you do me a favour?”
It surprises him how fast the lie comes. Perhaps his time with the Winchesters has taught him more than he thought.
Jo follows his line of sight and her jaw clenches when she spots Meg, but she takes a deep breath and turns to look back at him, a challenge in her eyes. “Yep. And?”
“Do you mean to tell me,” Paige replies, eyebrows raised, “That my contestants are in a different country?”
“Who were you on the phone to?” he says instead, and for some reason, his touch seems to cool the burning on her knee slightly.
“Christ,” she mutters, pulling her phone out of her handbag. “Okay, so people you want to watch out for tonight: Belgium - I have a note here to say to avoid talking to this guy? - Greece, because their song is actually pretty good, and Bulgaria.”
Cas tries to process all the things running through his mind, but he can’t find any logical explanation for what he sees. Angels and demons, vampires and werewolves and a hundred different monsters, even God himself… it can’t be true. And, if it can’t be true, then what is he seeing?
“Nuh-uh, no buts,” Dean interrupts, wrapping his arms around his angel until he is sure Cas has got the message. “Come on, then, retirement awaits.”
The rest of the evening goes fairly smoothly, all things considered. Usually the parties are considerably more insane than this, but they manage to stay reasonably on the right side of the law on this occasion.
She’s sat across from Jo, a smug smile on her face as she watches Dean and Cas stumble into the middle of the space they have created. When she catches Jo’s puzzled expression, her grin gets even wider, and she mouths a single sentence across the dancefloor:
“Get away from me,” Cas croaks, squeezing his eyes shut to try and drown out the nausea that is still plaguing him.
“Dean?” replied the familiar voice, closer this time, and all of a sudden he was standing right in front of him. Dean never stopped running, ploughing straight into the surprised angel, tears streaming down his face.
Rolling his eyes, Dean slams the door shut again, disappearing to have another nervous breakdown or whatever else was taking the idjit so damn long.
“Cas?” Dean’s tone is more gentle than Cas can ever remember hearing it, and he carefully helps him into a sitting position. “You got me worried there for a second. You alright?”
Shutting his eyes, he desperately tries to remember how he got here. When he can’t find the answer, he pictures the man by his bedside in his mind, searching for a name.
There’s a pause and then what sounds like a bark, and the woman laughs. “Oh, Deano, why don’t I ask him myself?” Then, a bit louder: “Castiel, darling, eavesdropping is rude. Why don’t you join us?”
“What happened to your hands?” Alex asks worriedly, but Mary has already disappeared out of earshot.
Dean’s voice echoes in his ears, and he is struck with an unexpected wall of longing that passes in an instant.
This, however, meant Cas was left alone with his thoughts. It wasn’t a permanent solution, he decided, as the trees and signposts and miles disappeared in the rearview mirror. One day, this Jody who he supposedly knew would need her cabin back, and then what would happen? Clearly, his time at the bunker had shown Cas that he couldn’t stay there forever. As it was, Dean could hardly look at him, and that wasn’t any way to live. For now, Sam and Eileen and his friends could convince Dean not to throw Cas out on the streets, but he had a suspicion that that was more out of pity and a desperation for their friend back than anything else. One day, they would realise that the person they once knew was gone for good, and then… well, there’d be no need to keep his doppelganger around, surely.
“This is Sam Winchester’s phone. If I’m not picking up, it’s probably for a good reason. If you have an emergency, please call my brother Dean, and if it’s not, please leave a message.”
“Cas?” he cautiously called out, starting to move a bit faster. He wasn’t sure exactly how long the portal would be open and he definitely didn’t want to get trapped here. “Cas!”
Cas wonders, but he’s back in his seat in the hospital, the real Dean looking up at him with concern.
“Cas,” was the only word Dean could form and it felt like home on his lips. “Cas, we’ve got to go, there isn’t much time.”
Hanging up, he shoves his phone in his back pocket and slowly cracks the back door open, praying that it doesn’t creak. He creeps down the hall, listening for any indication of what’s going on, and stops halfway to the kitchen when he hears faint voices.
“For starters, how the fuck do you know each other? Usually I can figure it out, but…” She waves a hand in their general direction. “You guys have got a weird thing going on.”
It’s at this moment that Jo decides to make an entrance, apparently also interested in scouting out the food options for later. “Whatcha up to?” she asks, shoving a stolen chip in her mouth before coming to a sudden halt when she sees the mess.
“Claire?” a familiar voice asks from behind her. She doesn’t take her eyes off the dancers, skimming over each face.
“Rowena, Sam and Eileen have gone to get rid of him,” Dean says, out of breath. “Cas and Jack are near the main stage in case he decides to go after someone.”
He’s wearing a suit, like he has for nearly twelve years, but it still manages to take Dean’s breath away. It’s black, the opposite of Dean’s white (he had complained about not being the bride in this situation, until Sam had finally interjected with, “Will you please give the performative masculinity a break, Jesus,”) and his hair is slicked back with expertise that Dean knew had not come from the angel. They lock eyes from across the room, their extended family and friends sitting between them but entirely invisible to their eyes, and Dean cracks a grin for the first time that day.
Paige can’t help but smile to herself as she clicks her own seatbelt in place. All of these people are clearly a family (even if she has yet to figure out exactly how they know each other), and it’s always nice to have a reminder that found family can exist for anyone, maybe even her.
At the top of the box, covering the contents, there is a coat. Cas shakes it out carefully, holding it up. It’s old, that’s for sure, musty and covered in dust and stains. He can’t help but feel like he recognises it though, and before he can analyse what exactly he is doing, he’s pulled the trench coat over his arms.
No, not alone; Eileen’s here with him, watching the stars by his side. She doesn’t look at him, doesn’t even acknowledge his presence, but she speaks anyway. “I get the feeling of wanting to escape,” she begins, not looking at him for a response. “I used to want to run away all the time. But no one can run forever.”
They are both giggling now, and they laugh and laugh until Cas’ sides ache and Dean ends up having a coughing fit. Cas vows, in that second, that no matter what happens, he will always try and be this happy from now on. He thinks he deserves it. In fact, they both do.
By the time Charlie’s seemingly never ending playlist lands on Come On Eileen, Dean decides that it’s probably their cue to leave. Sam is blushing as he explains the joke to Eileen, which makes the whole thing about eight times funnier. Dean doesn’t think he would be alone in assuming that theirs might be the next wedding to take place in Heaven; their kid having the power of God really does come in helpful for invites across multiple planes of existence.
He swallows, trying to focus, and that’s when he realises that there is one common thread among each of these images: Dean Winchester. Everything seems to click into place - hadn’t he noticed Dean acting strangely ever since that first day in the hospital - and his mind immediately offers up a hundred different instances to prove his point. Dean praying, but claiming he isn’t religious. Dean spray painting satanic sigils onto the floorboards. Dean’s bag of weapons and holy water. Even the whole event at Jody’s cabin... He'd never really believed Kaia’s story of a vicious raccoon, but he had assumed there was a logical explanation for it, and here it was.
“Heartwarming,” Crowley mutters under his breath as Benny excuses himself. On paper, he was his best bet - what better revenge could he get than the exes hooking up? - but he was going to have to come up with an alternate strategy, because there was no way in Hell he could continue dealing with a man who was so honestly pleased that Dean and Cas were getting married.
As it turns out, it’s surprisingly difficult to keep the many adults hovering about the place out of the kitchen while they try and clean up the confetti. Jo is delicately picking the coloured bits of paper of the cake, biting her lip in concentration, while Alex deals with the rest of it. She managed to sweep most of it up quite quickly, but there is still some on the table of food and on the floor.
They exchange stories about how they know the grooms - apparently the poor schmuck was stuck with Dean for a full
Lunch isn’t quite as awkward as Cas expected it to be. Apparently, Claire is still refusing to acknowledge his existence, but Kaia is perfectly polite to him. Plus, Dean’s cooking is excellent.
The man grins down at him. “Hospital, dude. You got a concussion, and we weren’t sure after the whole rescue thing. Sammy thought it best to make sure, y’know?”
by Ciara is the first performance. Greece’s entry varies on quality every year, but this one is actually quite good. It’s being sung by exactly the kind of person you would expect: a gorgeous, incredibly skinny woman wearing a shiny leotard with an entire troupe of shirtless dancers behind her.
The problem Cas encounters when he decides to pack his bags and move out is that he owns nearly nothing, and he finds it’s rather hard to pack a bag that he doesn’t own. He’s practically inside the wardrobe, sure that there has to be something resembling a backpack in there, when Sam walks in.
The French entrant isn’t listening. “And who might you be?” she says smoothly, offering her hand to Cas. Now that Paige thinks about it, she realises it’s possible that this woman hasn’t looked away from Cas the entire time they were there.
noise. Dean lets out a strangled yelp and Cas edges closer to the living room, not daring to peek into the room. He’s not sure what could cause a sound like that but there is no way it’s good.
The edges of Cas’ lips twitch, like he’s trying to bite back a laugh. They walk down the street in a comfortable silence for a minute or two while Paige rummages in her bag for a plaster.
Jack beams up at him like the three year old he is, all smiles and adorableness and puppy dog eyes. “Can I bake them a pie?”
“Wanna watch a movie?” Dean suggests after the girls leave to go into town for a while, and Cas can’t find a reason to say no.
Cas knows nothing of these people. He will never know their history, will never know why their names - why
Light floods the room and blinds him for a moment as he snaps on the lamp, so he waits for his eyes to adjust before gently removing the lid. He’s not sure why, but it’s like he can tell that it has some kind of special significance. It feels like he’s standing on a precipice, about to fall and not sure where he’ll land.
Finally, she sighs and pushes herself to her feet. “As much as I love the room service, I do actually need to get dressed or we’ll miss our slot for the dress rehearsals.”
Cas’ eyes widened and he moved to take a step back, never removing his fist from its death grip on Dean’s wrist. “Do you trust me?” Dean asked, and Cas didn't even hesitate before he nodded.
“Yes,” Charlie quickly interrupts, jumping in to save Kaia. “I’ve never met her, but apparently she’s one hell of a badass.”
It isn’t a long drive to the mansion where the party is being hosted this year, but with Dean complaining the entire time, it feels like a century. When they finally step out of the car, though, everyone falls silent in awe.
“Would you mind looking after Jack today? I’ve just got to make sure Dean and Cas actually get there on time. And Eileen-”
“I’ll explain later. Look, we’ve got to go. This might hurt a little, I’m sorry, man,” he apologised, before raising the angel blade.
“Claire,” Eileen says sternly, and the girl unlatches herself. There’s a look of utter confusion on her face, as if she is suddenly realising that Cas never hugged back.
Jody nods and goes back over to her party, twirling Patience as she passes. There’s only one thing she has left to do.
“It was built by an old organisation called the Men of Letters,” Eileen explains. “Everyone here works for them, in a way. Although we’ve updated their so-called ‘code’ since the 1950s, believe me.”
She glances at him, but he’s just staring at her, unmoving. Turning her head back to the stars and shutting her eyes, she continues. “You can be the best runner in the world, but no one can keep moving for that long. In the end, you have to decide whether or not the problem is worth running from, or whether - with some work - you can move past it.”
“Need any help?” Kaia offers, popping up from behind the bar and making her nearly lose her grip on the bomb. Kaia watches her fumble with it with an amused smirk, waiting patiently for her response.
Sam and Eileen are the most straightforward of the bunch. They are clearly dating, and not afraid of showing it to anyone. They’re so cute it is almost sickening. Sam is clearly very invested in what they’ll be doing, and busts out some of the best goddamn puppy eyes Paige has ever seen when she tries to remind him that they’ll get their itinerary tomorrow. Eileen seems more quietly amused by the Americans’ reactions to Eurovision, snickering quietly to herself whenever Dean complains about a particularly strange act.
Varvara Krasa - also from a fairytale but she’s got rly long hair so this is for bloodfreak my beloved
She’s not really sure where a haunted house comes in her personal rankings. It’s pretty, that's for sure - not that Paige is any kind of architectural expert - and it’s certainly better than being knee deep in mud.
A random fact: a guilty pleasure of Paige’s is watching the Ghostfacers. Another fact: the Ghostfacers complain about “The Winchesters” nearly every single video. More facts? A man in a trenchcoat once appeared in one of their episodes, claiming to be an “angel of the Lord.” A man who looks quite a lot like Castiel.
When they finally arrive, Paige leaves them to fiddle with their luggage as she practically collapses on the reception desk, rubbing her temples. “Booking for Ayers?”
“Sure can,” Paige responds quickly, already planning what she’ll have to do. “You think this is my first Eurovision?”
Dean shoots a worried look at Cas and drops to his knees beside him, running his hands worriedly over his face. “You okay?”
“Where’s the rest of you?” she says instead. She’d learnt the hard way that people don’t usually appreciate you dragging them out of bed fifteen minutes early under the assumption they’ll run late.
Cas shakes his head. He doesn’t recognise it. He doesn’t recognise the next one, or the one after that, or any of the ones of Dean and Sam together.
“Fucking excuse me? You’re supposed to be on stage in half an hour and I have a team of people out trying to find you dumbasses? Where’s the rest of you?”
Eileen swings the creaky bunker doors open and turns to him, the cold night air making him grateful for the coat. “We’re going for a walk together,” she explains, “and if you still want to leave when we come back, I’ll drive you to town myself. Deal?”
“Hey, Sam?” Paige calls, the man’s head snapping up from the ancient book he is reading. “I’m just gonna go make a phonecall. I don’t know how long I’ll be.”
“The five countries that make the biggest financial contributions go straight through to the final. It’s the UK, France, Germany, Spain, and Italy.”
As the sun sets behind the arena, the sky seems to glow gold and Paige’s skin crackles with nervous excitement. It’s always this way just before a performance, even if she’s not the one performing.
His head snaps up to see her standing a few feet away from him in her pajamas, a glass of water in her hand and her eyebrows raised. There isn’t really a way he can explain his way out of this one; he’s literally sitting by the door and putting his shoes on.
Cas raises his eyebrows, but chuckles at Dean’s embarrassment all the same. “Well, you can’t deter me that easily.”
I Can’t Help Falling In Love is exactly the kind of song that Claire expects Dean and Cas to like, but there are plenty of other couples swaying in each other’s arms on the floor. They don’t talk as they dance, but Claire doesn’t have to say how much she loves holding Kaia this close. Only a few years ago, she didn’t think she would ever find peace like this. Claire Novak hadn’t been the kind of girl who got a happy ending, but maybe Claire Mills is.
She can deal with that particular issue another day; right now, the only thing she needs is sleep. She manages to gather the strength to plug her phone in before flopping backwards against the fluffy pillows, blowing out a long sigh.
Cas lets Dean yank him into the guest room, and he lets him lock the door behind them, but it’s when Dean starts packing Cas’ stuff up that he grabs his wrist and makes him stop. Dean looks Cas dead in the eyes, only a few inches between their faces. “Dean. Tell me what’s going on.”
Cas doesn’t bother replying; he’s found that if Dean has his mind made up about something, there’s absolutely nothing that anyone could do about it. He settles onto one side of the battered sofa, curling his feet up and drawing the colourful, knitted blanket up over his lap. He likes Jody’s cabin way more than he liked living in the bunker. There aren’t so many people there to crowd him and the windows remind him that the outside world exists. Nothing matches, either; the towels are all different colours, the cutlery is mismatched, the decor differs from room to room. He feels like it’s the kind of house he would like, if that was ever an option; one made up of a hundred different little things, a home made like a patchwork blanket.
ahhh the semi final starts soon!!! you excited? this chapter was like twice the length of the other ones lmao this fic was not supposed to go over 10k but here we are!!! i mean not for you guys yet but... it's a-coming!
Kaia picks herself up from the carpet, looking at Charlie in horror. The entire room is coated in a fine layer of sparkles, but that’s not the worst of it. Both of them are also covered from head to toe in the stuff, and it’s not gonna be fun trying to get it all out before the ceremony.
The drive, as Cas expected, was probably the most awkward thing he had ever experienced (well, that he could remember, anyway). They drove in complete silence for the first two hours, any weak attempt at conversation that Cas could think of being immediately shot down. Dean, it seemed, was not happy with this turn of events, even if he had agreed to move out.
“God, this is so awkward,” Dean mutters into Cas’ neck as they sway together. Sure, Elvis is miles better than he had been expecting - giving Charlie control over the playlist is an exercise of trust he’s pretty sure he’ll never be quite ready for - but it’s still weird to be dancing with Cas in front of all their friends and family.
“British people are weird,” Jack says much too sincerely to Cas, which only makes Paige laugh even harder.
Paige laughs properly for the first time all week, a weight lifted from her chest and a true smile on her face. “Yes, I think I do. Lead the way, kid.”
Originally, I had planned for this fic to have 11 chapters, but all these stupid little characters started doing things I didn't expect, and then this chapter got away from me, and here we are! Thank you so much for following this fic with me for all this time, your comments and kind wishes meant the world as I was writing. I hope you enjoy this last chapter, and thank you for coming on this journey with me!
Patting him on the head, Paige rummages through her bag to check she has her passport. “I’m sure some weird set of circumstances will bring us together again.”
“Right,” Paige nods, relief flooding through her as the car comes to a stop. Really, she would rather die than try and get herself out of an awkward conversation.
Paige doesn’t look up from her phone. “Marie said you’re supposed to represent an angel or something, ask her. Since when have angels been wearing trench coats? That’s my question.”
“Sorry ma,” Jo apologises, shooing Charlie off the stepladder and hiding it behind the bar. “You can let people in now.”
They’ve barely stepped through the door before Odette finds them, squealing about their outfits and dramatically swishing her elegant forest green dress with every step.
Dean’s eyelids fluttered, not quite open but not quite shut, and he groaned. His hand experimentally squeezes Cas’, and Cas moves it away as if he had been electrocuted. “Hey, Cas,” Dean croaks, grinning weakly and cracking open an eye to take a look at him.
And, just in case that is simply a coincidence and nothing to worry about: Paige also really enjoys true crime podcasts, and she is thinking about one that discussed the disappearance of a religious man who claimed he had been chosen by God to help stop the apocalypse. He left his home, leaving behind a wife and a child, only to be seen many years later. Guess who he was with? Two serial killers who have been shot dead by police
Groaning, she rips the door open, still wearing yesterday’s clothes with her hair sticking up in every direction, only to meet five faces staring back at her.
Filming a postcard is never much more than this, in Paige’s experience. They’ll be sent to do some random thing or be in some random place that’s supposed to represent the host country, and they’ll prance about a bit in front of the camera until their time is up and that’s that. At best, it’s a day out. At worst, you’re stuck trekking mud around a potato field.
Although she has yet to figure out exactly how old Jack is, Paige is certain that everyone would agree that the kid is a cinnamon roll. For him, she had got a striped long sleeve shirt and a white dungaree dress to go over it, and sure enough, he looks adorable.
drunk. But they all still follow them over to the open bar to join the others, Diana waving to get them a round of shots before they even manage to take a seat.
and Claire quickly slides the bottle under the cabinet with practiced stealth. “There you are,” Sam announces when he sees them, an eager Jack at his heels.
By the third attempt, Sam is clearly struggling to come up with more things that could possibly trigger Cas’ memory. “The doctor said we couldn’t tell you your memories outright, but I thought maybe I could just try telling you some names to see if you recognise them?”
“Dude, it’s okay, you don’t have to explain the question. I just wasn’t expecting it,” Dean interrupts, thumping himself on the chest. “I’m not exactly…
“They’re nice kids, but Claire’s taking this kinda hard, so be nice, ‘kay?” Dean says, cracking an egg into a bowl.
Dean isn’t listening, instead pulling the boy into a tight hug, burying his head in his shoulder. “It’s good to see you, kiddo.”
Moving her towel back a little so that they have some space, she lies back, sliding her sunglasses down her nose. Listening to the calming white noise of the waves lapping against the beach is just relaxing enough to ease the tension out of her muscles, and for the first time since this trip started, she finally feels ready to confront what she has been running from.
Paige isn’t quite sure how to reply to that. Luckily, she’s saved by the filming crew finally reappearing with a considerably more made up Eileen and Jack, and she has just enough time for one more question before they’re dragged away.
Sighing, Paige goes back to ignoring emails in favour of playing an engrossing game of Candy Crush. Unfortunately, she barely gets a chance to scroll past a bitchy message from MacLeod before Dean, Cas, and Jack all rush up to her.
He falls into life in the bunker surprisingly fast, making a list of rules and observations in his head. For example, Dean will never look him in the eyes unless he’s drunk, which is most nights. All the other people in the bunker - Cas doesn’t bother with names, but they all seem to know him - look to Sam for direction, so he’s almost always rushing from one place to another. Cas spends most of his time wandering from room to room, flicking through ancient books and lying in the bed they had assigned him, staring blankly at the ceiling.
“Shuddup,” he replies, shoving the groom out the door and towards the bar. He’s struck with a sudden sense of appreciation that he got to look after these two boys. They may have gone through a metric ton of shit, but they were still smiling through it as always, and without having helped them through it, he would never have the privilege of walking this idjit down the aisle.
She hurries from the room and reappears only a few moments later carrying two coats and her shoes. “It’s cold, put this on,” she tells him, handing him one of the jackets. She simultaneously slips her shoes and coat on with practiced efficiency before looking at him expectantly.
“Please,” Dean pants, “just leave Cas out of this. You can do whatever you want with me, but just leave him be. He doesn’t even remember who he is, for Chrissakes!”
and there's the prologue! I promise, the other chapters are longer. Alarmingly longer, in some cases. Unless I edit them all down way too far. Anyway, I hope you're excited!
Cas looks down at himself as if he hadn’t realised they were there. The entirety of his suit is covered in creepy looking eyes. Paige could swear some of them were blinking.
The woman looks him up and down, somehow managing to look threatening while in her bridesmaid dress. “Jo. And Hell’s run by a woman now, buddy.”
“Well it’s the freakin’ truth,” Dean snaps, “so if you don’t believe me, you may as well fucking shoot me. Not much left to live for,” he adds, dropping his hands to his sides in defeat.
Charlie’s grin somehow gets even bigger, her eyes sparkling along with the glitter. “Don’t worry, I used to attend grand balls. I’m sure you won’t be as bad as this one elf I had to teach once…”
The door cracks open an inch, a rectangle of light hitting Cas squarely in the face. He squints blearily up at Dean, who clearly finds his drowsiness amusing. “Come on, you’ve gotta get dressed.”
Dean nods. “Have there been any other deaths at Eurovision or with any of the hosts or anything that you know about?”
Dean’s laugh is unnervingly high. “No one, I swear. But, uh, do you mind if I ask you a few questions?”
Ellen rolls her eyes but complies, swinging the doors open wide to those waiting outside, waving all the Winchester’s guests in with a smile. Everyone was there; from people they had only really met once, to family, to long lost friends (there were benefits of hosting a wedding in Heaven when your kid is God).
Alex glances up at the kitchen clock. “Well, we’re walking down the aisle with them in half an hour. Think we can manage it?”
There’s the sounds of shuffling and angry whispers before Kaia pops out instead, her nose bleeding and a bruise already forming above her eyebrow. Steering him towards the door, she doesn’t answer any of his flurry of nervous questions before they step outside the cabin.
Dean’s head tilts, begging him not to say the thing that had gone unspoken between them for so long. It had been twelve years; twelve long years of suffering and blood and betrayal and camaraderie, and Cas had kept his truth a secret for too long. If he was going to die, if he was going to sacrifice himself, he deserved to speak his heart.
The two men are perfectly polite and civil to him (well, he gets the feeling that this is as civil as Dean gets, anyhow), but Cas can tell that they were weirded out by the whole situation. Which was reasonable, given the circumstances, but still left him feeling like he was somehow intruding.
Struggling to extricate himself from the tangle of hangers which cling to him like claws, Cas mumbles, “nothing,” in response.
“Oh, I forgot you had amnesia!” The kid exclaims, gently bashing himself in the face like he was stupid for forgetting something so important. “My name’s Jack. I’m basically your son, but my biological dad is Lucifer. I’m God now, so I healed you!”
Standing beside him is the woman who had beckoned him in. Even Cas can tell she’s conventionally attractive, with her slicked back brown hair and dramatic makeup along with her wine red pantsuit. She eyes him, raising an eyebrow and looking him up and down, before flicking her hair over her shoulder.
Kevin shuffles his feet uncomfortably, throwing his arms in the air. “I don’t know! He was here one minute, I turn around, he’s gone!”
Glaring at her, Crowley was politely tugged back around to his own table by Jody, whose expression could only be described as ‘fed up’.
Well, Eileen is black out drunk, Dean and Cas disappeared some time ago, Sam is asking Ian and Fox odd questions, Odette and Diana snuck off to make out, and Paige is left with Jack, whose pockets are inexplicably filled with lollipops. She classifies this as win.
“Sorry, Ms H! We slept in,” Charlie beams, apparently too excited about the wedding to notice her wild bedhead.
In a run-down bar in Heaven, there are five men sitting on their barstools and drinking enough alcohol to turn a horse’s liver. Where else would they be? This is the wedding of the century, don’t you know - the Michael Sword and the defective angel, the family who beat God - and all of these men have helped these boys in one way or another.
Dean flops onto the other side of the couch, propping his feet up on the coffee table. He seems to conjure a bowl of popcorn out of thin air, grabbing a handful and shoving it messily into his mouth before offering Cas the bowl. The movie flickers on in the background as Cas copies Dean, gently snatching up a handful and cupping it close to his chest. It doesn’t have much of a taste, he decides, other than the excessive amount of salt Dean had sprinkled over the top, but he eats it in silence anyway, and when he’s offered the bowl again, he takes another handful.
“Oh, hey Cas,” Dean says, turning the corner and bumping into him. “Thought you were in your room or something. I was coming to get ya.”
It’s hard to tell whether Dean recognises that the noises he is making around his food is not really appropriate for a restaurant at lunchtime, but no one can find the heart to tell him that. Paige looks down at her plate. They are literally eating a dough bowl filled with melted cheese and egg; if she wasn’t supposed to be acting professional, she’s pretty sure she would be making the exact same faces. Maybe one day she could come back with Addy, since she was a way better cook than-
Paige thinks, swinging the door shut behind her. This is much nicer than the hotels they usually get. Maybe these guys are famous or something. She can’t think of another reason why they would get such an upgrade.
Cas doesn’t push the issue, and they spend the rest of the journey listening to Dean’s music, the mixtape resting against his heart.
But that’s just it, isn’t it? How likely is it that he will regain all his memories? What if he stays this way forever? There are clearly people who care about him - he knows enough to realise that it isn’t normal to fall asleep holding someone’s hand in a hospital - but what if he isn’t the man who they knew? All he can hope for is that his ‘friend’ outside and this Sammy will look after him for long enough that he can get his footing back.
“Oh, girls,” Donna coos when she sees them, Charlie giving her a little dramatic twirl. “You look gorgeous!”
“Do you guys own clothes that aren’t flannel?” she mutters as she shoves them all out the door and to their awaiting car, but no one is listening to her. She’s used to it.
“And I’ve been repressing my emotions since I was four years old and have been told I’m insufferable.”
Cas was seriously considering ignoring it and chalking the whole thing up to a weird, unexplained circumstance that he could forget and move past, if not for Jody’s reaction. He hadn’t spent much time with her, but from the short conversations they had shared and the way Dean and the girls had described her, he would imagine that she would be mad but fair about the cabin burning to the ground. Maybe he was expecting a few raised voices, maybe a demand to get the money for it to be fixed. He was not expecting for her to raise her eyebrows, exchange a look with Dean that he couldn’t decipher, and for her to nod and simply say, “We’ll have to find somewhere else for you fellas to stay then, I suppose.”
Paige laughs. “God, you remind me of my-” She cuts herself off suddenly. “Uh, nevermind. Semi finals are at eight, meet in the foyer at half six?”
“God, I never knew a Winchester could be such a sap,” Jo replies, and it is at this moment that she realises quite how close her face is to Charlie’s.
“Hey,” Paige protests faintly. At this point, a giraffe could walk past her and she wouldn’t even question it.
Charlie goes back to removing the glitter, praying that it will hide her face enough so that Jimmy can’t tell she’s lying. “Uh, I think she’s busy right now and I’m not sure where she’ll be, but you’ll see her after the ceremony, certainly.”
“Because they aren’t his!” Dean is whispering, but his anger still poisons his tone and turns it into a shout. “I don’t know who that is, but it sure as Hell ain’t our Cas.”
“Ah, shit. Sorry, I’ll have to call you back later. I think I cut my knee,” she says, trying her best to sound apologetic, and thankfully Marie buys it and
There is an awkward silence for a moment as the man rakes his eyes over his hospital bed, fiddling with his hands. “Nothing’s ever easy, huh?” he mutters, plopping down into the chair next to his bed.
hello! just a quick warning, this chapter includes some aphobia, so if you don't want to read it, I'll put an explanation of what happens in the chapter at the bottom!
“It’s fine,” he grits out through clenched teeth, and it’s that moment that he realises his entire front is covered in red wine.
“Jody’s gonna kill us for putting all her shit in the wrong place,” Dean comments, scuffing the floor with his shoe.
Dean had promised not to cry, but he couldn’t help the tears that sprung to his eyes. He gives a little nervous laugh, shaking his head and glancing at the ground for a moment before meeting Cas’ eyes once more.
Cas nods seriously and she almost wants to smile. Her phone beeps three times in quick succession, and she sighs. “Duty calls, I guess. See you later.”
The second is also a monster, not that his eternally cheery disposition and alcohol intolerance. You would think that a werewolf would be able to hold his liquor, but not this one. Garth is more of a dentist than a hunter; a father to three and a husband to one over a monster. Without him, the Winchesters would not have solved so many cases and may still be plagued with bad luck.
“I thought you had them?” Kevin replies, eyebrows raised, and suddenly there are much more pressing matters at hand.
“You didn’t even make it to the end of the movie, dude,” Dean comments without looking up, his phone’s black screen gripped tightly in his hands.
“Dean,” she says, her voice surprisingly steady given the circumstances. “Do you, by chance, know a man called Jimmy Novak?”
“What is it, buddy?” He tries to keep his voice neutral, but he doesn’t think he quite manages it. Jack doesn’t seem to notice, luckily.
Paige ponders this for a second. “Probably not. Most likely, she made it up herself to make the other contestants afraid of her. I’m more scared of Azerbaijan’s manager to be honest,” she adds, deciding to scroll past that email and hope it wasn’t too important.
Crowley has a plan. He used to be the King of Hell - and wasn’t that a thing, to find out that his own stupid mother was Queen now - so he always had a plan. This one would either end in tears (not his), the wedding being called off, or a…
Jimmy deflates, and Charlie almost feels bad for him. “Alright. I’m gonna go get my seat then, thanks for all your help.”
Still, that didn’t hold up as an excuse against a fairly annoyed Ellen Harvelle, when a rumpled and out of breath Charlie and Jo arrive at the Roadhouse to get dressed a full forty seven minutes later than they are supposed to.
“Oh, come on,” Dean says, exasperated. “I’ve done a lot worse to you. Hell, you’ve done a lot worse to me, and we’ve always worked through it. Although I suppose,” he scoffs, “you don’t even remember that now.”
“Thanks for being the second most interesting contestants I have ever had the honour to babysit,” Paige smiles, handing out their bags.
Paige frowns at him, forcing herself to take a deep breath before responding. “Really? I mean, it’s only the big bands that I usually get scam emails for.”
he wonders as he strolls back over, his mind wandering over his remaining possibilities. In fact, he is so wrapped up in his own evil schemes that he doesn’t even notice the woman running past in front of him.
Despite all the stereotypes and the fact that she had seen Cas elbow Dean in the ribs at least five times, none of the Americans bring up Paige’s weird behaviour from lunch, which she is grateful for. She’s not sure what she would tell them if they asked about it, to be perfectly honest.
“Have you ever watched the Ghostfacers?” Paige asks, grinning. “Because we’re going to one of the locations they filmed at tomorrow.”
This morning, Paige is actually the first one to arrive in the luxurious hotel foyer. Last night had been stressful, sure, but her contestants ran off nearly every year. There’s a reason she always convinced them to go the first semi-final, in case something went entirely pear-shaped and they needed another go.
Paige crosses her arms across her chest dramatically. “You guys better not be planning any sabotage.”
of his panicked heart, can see every drop of blood fall to the floor where Dean struggles, can feel the foul breath on his leg before he feels the invisible teeth rip through his jeans. In a moment, he’s on the floor, some invisible creature eagerly tearing into his flesh and a scream rising from his throat.
Somehow - whether it is down to Paige’s stern tone, a scary Russian and a nice French girl with excellent tracking skills, or a
Paige claps a hand over her mouth. She didn’t think she’d ever heard someone speak to MacLeod like that so boldly in the several years she had been at Eurovision.
“It’s good to have you back,” Sam greets them, thumping Cas on the back. It’s only when he takes a few more wobbly steps forward that he spots it, the five names illuminated by a halo of lamplight.
“I don’t get it,” Dean announces, abruptly swinging the bathroom door open. “Why can’t I see Cas again?”
Although, it had strangely worked in Poland’s favour. Instead of being scared by the rodents, like nearly everybody else (Odette most of all, Paige is certain she should be singing opera with a scream like that) they had managed to ‘tame’ one, tying a piece of ribbon around its neck and taking one on stage with them.
It hadn’t taken her long to find her main source of entertainment for the evening in the shape of an extremely handsome - what had Dean introduced him as? - vampirate. Benny was perfectly charming, completely sincere, and entirely oblivious to Rowena’s obvious lies. As the day went on, she tested him by telling more and more outrageous lies and he believed her every single time. By the time the dinner was being served, he seemed genuinely interested in her (completely fabricated) tale about the time Charles Dickens wrote a novel about her.
Eileen snorts and Paige drags a hand down her face. “I don’t know how to tell you this, but the UK never wins. Eurovision isn’t supposed to be political, but it is. All I need you to do is to not publicly embarrass yourselves and be able to sing-” she lets out an involuntary wince as she remembers Jemini “-and that’s the best we can hope for.”
The first wave of light strikes Bela in the chest and she throws her head back with a scream, smoke pouring from her mouth before she crumples to the floor. The second hits Cas, and instead of the pain he is expecting, he is filled with a sense of warmth and comfort that seems almost familiar. It envelops him, wrapping him in a loving embrace as his skin knits itself back together and the blood evaporates from his clothes.
“Why would you rescue me from the Empty?” Cas asks out of the blue, his voice small. He had never intended to deal with the consequences of his confession, and he is concerned that maybe it will strain their relationship more than it already has. It has been twelve years, and even at the end, Dean has never indicated that he was romantically interested in Cas.
the chairs are filled yet, so why the former King and current Queen of Hell have to be sitting directly behind him, he’s not sure.
“I don’t have a whole speech,” Mary says, quickly standing up, “but I just want to say that I’m proud of you boys, and I’m glad you found happiness in one another.” She sits down abruptly, seeming mildly embarrassed, but Dean smiles softly.
The other man grits his teeth and manages to grunt out a yes. He doesn’t look particularly pleased about it.
Claire snorts, wondering whether Dean classifies as Shrek or Fiona in this circumstance, as she weaves through the crowd looking for Kaia.
Dean Winchester’s wedding… if he was being completely honest, Bobby never thought he would see the day. In the end, he guesses he didn’t
To no one’s surprise, they don’t win. But, what the rest of Europe doesn’t know is that they saved lives tonight, so they’re the real heroes in Paige’s opinion.
By the time all their hair and makeup is finished at Charlie, Jody and Donna’s hands, guests are already starting to hover outside. Ellen goes to hang around outside, making sure no one goes in before all the decorations are up and ensuring there are no party crashers, hissing at them to get the decorations up as quickly as possible.
A few hours later, Eileen is patiently teaching Cas some sign language when the bunker door creaks open. “Hey, bitches!” a woman’s voice announces, and Cas looks up, surprised.
Paige feels a little lightheaded. “Does that mean - are you the Winchesters that the Ghostfacers are always complaining about?”
Claire sighs. “Never mind.” She drops a kiss to the top of Kaia’s head, taking a second to appreciate how cute she looks in her bridesmaid dress, before going out the front to find Kevin.
“I don’t think you’re a very good influence on the kid,” Claire sighs, her eyes following Kaia around the room as she helps to move the chairs out the way so there’s space to dance.
Someone starts to laugh, and Cas turns his head just enough to recognise Dean lying a few feet away from him. Dean rolls over to face him, a wide grin on his face. “Hey, you never gave me the chance to say it, man.”
Cas may not remember much about his old life, but he’s discovered that his instincts are generally impeccable. Right now, for example, they are screaming that something is very, very wrong and he feels his pulse quicken. “Dean, what’s going on?”
The next morning, when they go out to buy paint, one of the rugs Cas picked is covering it up perfectly and Dean doesn’t mention a thing.
“Is it time for the free booze yet?” Bobby asks, his usually grumpy expression twisted into a fond smile, and Dean lets out a full laugh.
“Hey, hey, Cas, it’s okay, it’s okay,” the man sitting by his side reassures him, rubbing his eyes. He looks exhausted, his eyes rimmed red with purple bruises underneath.
Luckily, he doesn’t catch Becky high-five Jody and Ellen, or he might have caught onto their plot a little faster.
When Cas walks past Dean’s ajar door that evening, he knows it’s wrong to stop and peek, but some deep rooted curiosity overtakes him and he hesitates in the hallway, craning his neck to get a better look. Dean, to his amazement, is sitting on his knees, his eyes shut and his hands pressed together, praying.
Paige thinks, but it only leaves her with more. Why does Eileen look like she’s about to stab MacLeod? How do they know each other? Is she some kind of dramatic ex? Actually, Paige could see that.
and it’s pulsing and fading and they were both gonna get trapped there forever. Dean started to think that maybe that wouldn’t be so bad, at least they would be together, but he pushed even harder, sprinted even faster, throwing himself through the doorway at the last possible moment, tripping over his own feet and ending up with his face in the dirt.
The bunker is the only permanent home he remembers having since he was four years old, and although he knows there is another one waiting for him, it still feels strange to leave it. In this life, you took small comforts wherever you could get it, even if it is just in the familiarity of your own mattress over an infinite number of motel rooms.
“I don’t get it,” Cas says after a minute of desperately sifting through every interaction he has had with Dean in an attempt to understand the joke.
“Claire!” Kevin interrupts, jogging over and waving dramatically, nephilim in tow. “He went to get the rings from Eileen.”
“Are you waiting for another call?” Cas asks out of nowhere, and she bites her cheek in surprise as she tries to look up suddenly while attempting to apply the plaster.
Paige nods and they hurry out of the door. “Diana, Odette, could you take the front of the building?”
“I’m gonna find Sam,” Eileen says, standing up and gesturing for Jack to come with her. “We’ll be back in time for the show.”
Bobby doesn’t respond for a second, suddenly overwhelmed with pride. Dean is decked out in a handsome white suit, his hair slicked back and an emerald green flower pinned over his heart.
“Do you think they’re done yet?” Jody whispers to Ellen as they pass each other on the dancefloor, and they both stand still, staring at the demon and the witch across the room.
Charlie looks her up and down. “You’re mostly clean. Go find her, I think she’s outside with Jack and Kevin.”
Considering how many people live in the bunker, it’s surprisingly quiet. Cas is cautious as he walks towards the door, tiptoeing with his boots in hand, the floor cold on his feet, but there isn’t much reason. He gets all the way to the stairs without even the suggestion of another living creature making themselves known, where he sits to lace up his shoes.
“Believe me,” Paige replies with a dismissive wave, already heading for the doors. “That’s a fairly tame outfit compared to some of the stuff you’ll see.”
Cas just shrugs and disappears into the direction of the bathroom, snatching his phone from his bed on the way there. He quickly sends a text to Sam:
“Oh.” Claire’s not really sure what to say to that. She can’t help but wonder whether or not Cas and Dean know he’s here, or if he’s flown under the radar so far. She sends another cursory glance across the dance floor before deciding that babysitting duty with a depressed nerd and God is much better than having this conversation. “I, uh… I gotta go-”
When he eventually makes his way into the kitchen, it’s almost midday. He’s not sure what makes him do it, but when he hears voices, he stops outside the doorway, holding his breath to listen in.
Cas clicks the safety off on the gun and doesn’t question how he knows how to do that. “Dean, start talking.”
He looks her up and down, peeping past her to see the mayhem of the room she is struggling to block. “Sure, but can you help me find someone?”
At this point, everything is out of her hands. All she can do is watch and pray to the Eurovision gods.
“Well,” Paige announces as they trudge past her to their respective dressing rooms, out of breath and sweating. “That could have gone worse.”
When Cas finishes painting his room and unpacking some more of his boxes, he decides to go downstairs for a glass of water. On the mantelpiece in the living room he finds not one, but
Bobby waits until Dean meets his eyes before saying, “Good luck, kid,” and then the doors swing open.
Cas sits on his bed, feeling like a severely told-off toddler. He considers his options; he can continue packing not-his clothes into a non-existent bag, he can put them all back in the unusually roomy wardrobe, or he can just sit here on his bed surrounded by piles of clothes and wait for Sam to come back. He opts for the latter.
“Right.” Kaia hovers by the car door, unsure whether she should get in or go back to help. Her question is answered when there’s a loud
Then, there’s the sound of a window smashing. Kaia, the only other person at the table, leaps to her feet and sends Cas a worried glance. Dean’s already rushing in from the kitchen, seemingly on high alert. He exchanges a look with Kaia that Cas can’t decipher, before surreptitiously nodding to Cas and sliding her something behind his back.
If anyone is curious, apparently it takes roughly an entire sweet shop worth of sugar to get God to throw up. So, it’s probably lucky he’s God in the first place, or fuck knows where they would have gotten all the candy from.
Cas sighs, finally turning around to face Sam. There’s no point lying, he supposes. He’s about to tell Sam that he’s leaving and politely ask if there is a bag he could use, but he’s interrupted by voices in the hallway.
It had taken way longer than they had, but Claire and Kevin had managed to convince Jack to push himself on the swing for long enough for them to have an emergency meeting on how to rescue the wedding rings from his intestines.
Dean, of course, is by his side the entire time, even if he is on an extraordinary amount of painkillers and has his arm bandaged up.
“Thank God,” Claire snorts, smirking at her own joke and wondering when her life got quite this weird.
“Look, I genuinely don’t know what the fuck is going on,” Dean replies, “Just… put the gun down. Please.”
Then, she locks eyes with the man watching her fondly from across the room and she makes a split-second decision.
“Apparently these dumb Americans are wannabe Ghostbusters and have gone walkabout instead of getting ready, and I need to find them. Diana, where did you last see them?”
By the time she arrives downstairs, Sam and Eileen are already sitting at a table in the middle of an animated signed conversation, and Paige allows herself a moment to watch them being adorable while she loads up a plate of food. Her heart aches, her phone feeling like it is burning a hole through her pocket as she watches them kiss.
Cas shrugs. “You always seem to be on your phone. I thought you might be waiting for a call from someone.”
. He doesn’t mean to. He swears he doesn’t. His finger isn’t even supposed to be on the trigger. It hadn’t even crossed his mind to actually shoot Dean.
First of all, none of the Americans - especially Dean - are prepared for the kind of crowd that Eurovision attracts. It’s a bunch of screaming, cheering, probably slightly drunk Europeans wearing face paint and waving around an odd mix of country flags and pride flags.
“Oh, stop being so mean, Di. Really, have you not heard about this group? Everyone has been talking about you guys.”
“I’m not done talking to you, either,” Sam threatens, pointing at him sternly. “Let me just deal with these two first.”
Stepping shakily forward, angel blade grasped tightly in his fist (although what good it would do, Dean wasn’t sure) he refused to let himself think about
Paige only has to wait around ten minutes before Sam, Eileen, and Jack appear. She’s glad to see that Sam and Eileen’s outfits match nicely (she really hopes that they are, in fact, a couple). Eileen is in a long, elegant wine red dress, with extra material and long sleeves over the top of it embroidered with stars. Sam, to stay in the same theme, is wearing a charming red suit with two silver star pins on his collar, as well as constellations as cufflinks.
“Anything else?” he asks, and they continue looking, their hands nearly brushing as they sort through the hangers.
“Oh, Jimmy, you’re my new bestie,” she beams, grabbing them off him and tossing one to Kaia. They get to work carefully attaching the tape to their dresses and then ripping it off, effectively making their own lint rollers. “So, who ya looking for?”
“What happened?” Cas hears, Sam’s worried voice floating around him. “I need you to tell me what happened.”
Paige can only laugh a little awkwardly. “I highly doubt it. You really like your ghosts, don’t you?”
Cas snorts and gently tosses the box onto the top of their overflowing shopping cart. “Very eloquent, Dean.”
Jo watches her for a moment, to see the glitter in her eyebrows and the challenge in her eye. Then she leans forwards in a gentle sway, closing the distance between them and carefully kissing the curve of Charlie’s smile.
“Well, something tells me Bulgaria won’t be getting through,” Paige declares to no one in particular as they clamber back into the car.
Apparently, all Paige had needed to get back in the zone was a nap, because she didn’t think she had ever been so focused in her life. Years of experience meant they were backstage in barely any time at all, the staff’s disdain for Americans be damned.
After he makes his bed and hangs his clothes in the wardrobe, he wanders downstairs to find Dean painting a strange symbol on the floor by the front door. It is scrawled in red spray paint and hard to make out from his angle behind the wall, but Dean seems to be drawing it with practiced ease, and Cas can’t help but wonder what the reason for this strange art project could be.
“What in Hell are you doing here?” the Scottish woman asks, at the exact same time Sam says,“Don’t you have Hell to run?”
“Bonjour,” Paige says, taking over before Dean panics about being spoken to in rapid French. “And privet, if I’m not mistaken?” she adds, holding out a hand for the other woman to shake.
As he lies on the floor of the house that he had begun to love, Cas wonders if this is how he dies. He is going to be ripped apart by some nameless beast on the rug he had begged Dean to buy, the only life he knows being filled with confusion and the knowledge that he will never live up to the man he doesn’t remember being.
Dean rummages around in the drawer for a whisk, humming to himself as he cooks. He seems so in his element, Cas is almost jealous. Dean remembers where he fits into the world. Dean knows how to cook and he knows the people he’s close to and he knows how to sing songs that Cas can’t recall under his breath. Envy squeezes Cas’ throat until it feels like he’s suffocating, long, icy cold fingers gripping his neck with unrelenting pressure. His eyes flutter shut and he forces deep breaths through his nose until his throat opens up again, gulping down a mouthful of scalding coffee to disguise his distress.
“Right, if you say so.” Finally standing up, she messily shoves all her stuff back into her backpack.“You guys ready to go?”
“Winchester Surprise,” Mary answers, already on her way to the kitchen. “I can’t cook much, but Dean requested it specifically, and I’m not one to disappoint!”
The second try is a selection of items that apparently used to belong to Cas. The first is an oddly shaped knife, which Sam explains is something called an ‘angel blade’. He says that it maybe looks familiar, and he isn’t lying, but his memory doesn’t suddenly reappear, so it’s still not what he would describe as a successful evening.
and now that he was thinking about it properly he knew he wouldn’t have made it very far with his lack of planning.
Anyway, the point is that it was a very stressful evening and yet it had somehow gone smoother than Paige had expected, so she had slept well and is somehow awake and ready before everyone else.
“I’ll come too,” Dean says, launching himself to his feet so fast that Paige is surprised he doesn’t pitch over forwards. Odette looks a little put out, but she doesn’t say anything, simply pasting on a smile and leading them both out the room together.
Really, Crowley can understand that many of the people here have a whole host of mommy and daddy issues, but is it really necessary for them
Dean is kneeling on the white crocheted rug that Cas had pestered him into buying - only it’s certainly less white than it was before, now stained an alarming shade of red. Dean himself is holding his arm at an awkward angle, and when he looks a little closer, Cas can see there is a whole chunk missing from his shoulder. If Cas didn’t know better, he would guess that something large had taken a bite out of him.
Jody twirls her around, and they all laugh as Dean drags Cas through their dancing circle while trying to mime air guitar with one hand. They take turns spinning each other and waving their arms around in some of the worst dancing Claire has ever seen, but she can’t help the laugh bubbling up inside of her. It occurs to her, in that moment, that she may have never been this happy before.
She nods and they start the silent journey back to the bunker, every step putting Cas slightly closer to his new future.
The first one is an old vampire pirate. He’s the least drunk of the bunch, a singular whiskey glass cradled in his hands, but he wears the brightest smile. Without him, Dean Winchester would not have escaped Purgatory with his now-husband, and Benny couldn’t be happier for the pair.
- who is instead decked out in a fitted suit and a bowtie, sitting cross-legged on the floor of the kitchen with Kevin. He passes the bottle of whiskey back to her wordlessly, wiping his mouth with his suit sleeve.
“Uh… yeah, okay, let me grab my bag,” she decides, hoping her smile doesn’t look like a baring of teeth.
She stands there for a few seconds, fire poker held high, before lowering it with a sigh. “I deserve a payrise.”
It only takes the offer of smuggled alcohol for Benny to immediately warm up to the former King of Hell, and Crowley is surprised by how charming he is. He would feel bad about using him to cause problems when he seems genuinely happy for the special couple, but he was Crowley. He didn’t care.
“Dean, I swear if you don’t exit that bathroom within the next thirty seconds I’m gonna leave without you,” he yells, banging his fist on the door for good measure.
“Dance or no?” Charlie asks again, a wide smile on her face. Jo never knew her in life - although she wished she had - but it had only taken the month or so of wedding planning to get to know her well. She was boisterous and stubborn, the most kindhearted and bouncy person Jo had ever had the pleasure of meeting. Right now, she was aiming for casual, but Jo sees the slight hesitancy in her outstretched arm.
No one notices as they slip away, but they don’t go far. They have all the time in the world; they don’t have to rush anymore. The quiet hum of Zeppelin’s Since I’ve Been Loving You drifts through the closed door as they take a seat on the edge of the decking around the back of the Roadhouse. Dean gently rests his beer on the floor as Cas leans his head on Dean’s shoulder.
He’s been there two days when he’s first introduced to Eileen, and suddenly life in the bunker isn’t quite as lonely.
There is blood on his hands, and more blood on the rug, and he is shouting with no response. Then, there are familiar hands grabbing him and lifting him away from Dean, and a worried face and a call for an ambulance.
She hesitates, searching his face, and it doesn’t take more than a quick look to tell that that is decidedly
“I leave you alone for two seconds,” she mutters, dragging a hand over her face. They had one job - look after the stupid fucking child God - and they had managed to fail before the ceremony had even started.
What makes a wedding special? Is it the happy couple, the food, the decoration? The guests? And who gives a wedding meaning? Is it the grooms, or the people attending?
The last two are a pair of grouchy hunters. They sit together, old friends, complaining about the quality of the booze and the lives they lived and the volume of the music until they have nothing left to say. When a stray tear, borne of pride, slips down Bobby’s face, Rufus doesn’t mention it. Without their real father figure, the Winchesters may have never even made it past childhood. He deserves to be proud, and no one has the heart to take a moment of happiness away from an old man.
“I’m Sam,” the tall man says, extending a hand and politely not mentioning the state of her shirt. “And this is Jack,” he adds, pointing at the kid.
The dancing continues long into the evening, although Claire felt like it had been a lot longer than a few hours. Not that she isn’t having fun; after looking for Jack and Kevin (admittedly not for very long), she had given up on her babysitting duties. Kevin could handle it. Besides, she had a lovely girlfriend to slow dance with.
Cas sits up, disorientated, in time to see the boy gently place his hand on Dean’s wound and he watches as it heals itself, his shoulder knitting back together as if by magic.
“We’re all good to go!” Charlie beams, looking Dean up and down in his suit with a grin. “Ooh, a bow tie! Bow ties are cool.”
“I didn’t know I had a team of Ghostbusters,” Paige quips, and Jack lets out a nervous laugh. “Then we’ve got the grand finale on Saturday. Friday’s totally up to you, I’ll probably be down at the arena but you don’t have to come with me.”
“So, please. Come on, surely you owe us this? Compensation for all the shit we’ve gone through? And I know I wasn’t always the nicest to ya, but… please.” His voice breaks, and he shakes his head, staring up at the ceiling even though his eyes are still closed. The light above him seems to frame his face, illuminating it like some kind of manufactured halo. “Please. For me. Just… bring him back. Uh, amen, or whatever.”
His eyes widen in fear at her serious tone. “Uh, weird threat? But yeah, I was gonna ask that. What about that Russian chick?”
Dean swallows. “You’re an angel. Or, you were, anyway. You dragged me out of Hell and then you worked with us and saved my ass more times than I can count… and somewhere along the way, you became family.”
“Jody’s agreed to let you stay at an old hunting lodge that she owns and doesn’t use anymore, so Dean’s gonna drive you both up in a little bit. If that’s okay with you, of course?”
Jack is… enthusiastic. He seems to have absolutely no idea what’s going on, but that doesn’t stop him from bouncing up and down on his chair the entire drive, interrupting them by pointing out seemingly trivial things like a cloud shaped like a duck. (Personally, Paige thought it was more of a cactus, but she didn’t tell him that.)
His eyes skim the room again, and this time they land on the young woman whose mother owned the bar. Crowley couldn’t remember her name, but wasn’t Meg responsible for her death? Filled with glee at the new option, he saunters across the room to start a conversation.
“So I’m told,” he mumbles, Claire already tugging Kaia towards the kitchen without sparing him a glance.
Cas and Dean get attacked by a hell hound, which seriously injures Dean's shoulder and nearly kills Cas, however they are both magically healed at the end because this is Supernatural and their son is God.
Both girls burst out laughing, their hearts light and their smiles bright enough to light a city. They won’t talk about it now - they have a mess to clear up - but they don’t have to. They have eternity together, and they will spend it well.
- but at that exact moment, two men burst into the room looking fairly dishevelled and out of breath.
A lot of weird things had happened in his time with the Winchesters, but this absolutely had to top it. There is no way - no matter what Dean and the girls insist - that it was a raccoon they fought off. First of all, it doesn’t take three people to fight off a raccoon, nevermind a flamethrower that ended up burning down an entire cabin. Secondly, if it was just a ‘raccoon’, why did Dean insist in escorting him out to the car? No one could be that worried about rabies with him but not give a shit when two teenage girls were involved.
It suddenly strikes Paige that the chances of them making out in a cupboard somewhere is much higher than the chance of them actually helping.
“You guys popular in America, then?” she asks, shoving another forkful of beans in her mouth. This hotel really knows how to cook, she has to admit.
Apparently, Charlie is a tad more predictable than everyone thought, because just as the last notes of Elvis fades away, he’s replaced with
Every day, after most of the hunters go to sleep, Sam sits down with Cas at the library table and shows him something that he hopes will jog his memory. On the first try, he showed him photos.
“Bonjour!” Odette greets them with a big smile, her dress swishing around her ankles. “What’s going on?”
Apparently Paige isn’t the only person to notice Dean’s open jaw. “For God’s sake, Dean,” Sam shouts over the music. “You’ve already had one sexuality crisis, please don’t make us all go through a second one.”
Sam looks around, looking only a little unhinged. His hair is falling over his face and his shirt appears to be on inside out. “They’re not here? They were supposed to get back before us.”
“Come on buddy, we’re nearly there.” He picked the former angel up bridal style, shoving the vial in his pocket, and he ran. His arms ached and his legs screamed and he was gasping for air but the portal was right there, it’s
“Kevin,” Jack asks, appearing out of nowhere and looking significantly ruffled from his enthusiastic dancing. “I want to do something nice for my dads.”
They have just enough time to record the backing vocals for their song when they get back before it’s time to get ready. Dean and Sam are actually surprisingly good singers, but they’re the main show - it’s Cas and Jack who are doing the backup. Eileen opted not to sing, but she knows all the lyrics, so she’ll be signing along onstage.
I did not forget about this (excuse my french) massive bag of dicks, don't worry! I feel like a number of people would have enjoyed taking a swing at him, but Mary deserves it this time <3
They each get their own outfit, made to their measurements and neatly on their own hanger and placed in a bag to keep them safe. Nobody comments as they each take the hanger with their name on, apart from to say the occasional thank you.
Taking a deep breath, Paige swivels around and lines the doorway with salt like she has been doing this her entire life. Dean raises an eyebrow, mildly impressed, but he doesn’t get the chance to say anything as the ghost reappears and he has to bat it away again.
Sam scratches the back of his head. “Yeah, he took some convincing from me and Eileen. And Jody. And Donna. And I think Garth even texted him at one point.”
They watch him leave. As soon as he is out of earshot, Charlie turns to Kaia and grabs her shoulders. “Does Claire know he’s here?”
Just as she is considering going to fetch her contestants, Sam comes barrelling down the hallway with Eileen in tow. “Sorry,” he practically yells, clearly a little out of breath. “We didn’t mean to be late.”
This is probably the last Supernatural fic I will write for a while, but that doesn't mean I'll be gone forever! Thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoyed Eurovision.
The redhead stares at her for a long few seconds before turning back to Sam. “Didn’t know you and your girlfriend could sing.”
“You’re welcome,” she replies, smiling and shooing them towards the airport. “Come on, you guys will miss your flight.”
Although he remembered most things now (well, he supposed there wouldn’t really be a way to know if he was missing something or not) his memories were still all over the place. He had difficulty putting them in order or recalling a sequence of events, so for now, they simply floated about his mind in a bewildering whirlpool of emotions and snippets of images. It was like a jigsaw that hadn’t yet been put together; he needed time and patience to slot them into the right place, and he didn’t really have the focus he needed for that right now.
There’s the sound of something crashing in the study - the bookcase, most likely - and Kaia is already running towards the sound without another look back. Claire isn’t far behind, appearing from the front door looking slightly worse for wear and breathing heavily.
Somewhere in the distance, he can hear beeping. He is dimly aware that he should probably find this annoying, but the regular noise is slowly bringing him back to himself, gradually dragging his soul back into his body. Every single muscle seems to ache - his head especially - but there’s a coarse hand entwined in his and he feels warm and safe for a moment.
Sam nods, shoots him a nervous but grateful smile, and then disappears after his girl. If everything goes right, they won’t see him again until he is standing at the end of the aisle. Bobby’s vaguely aware that he should be surprised Sam can legally officiate a wedding, but there’s a big chance that absolutely nothing at this wedding is gonna be legal, and nothing his boys do or say can surprise him at this point. He’s pretty sure he lost his ability to be shocked after Dean casually mentioned killing Hitler.
The ghost reappears, snarling and lunging for them. With some invisible force, it yanks Dean out of the way, throwing him against the wall with a sickening crack. Ian is next, thrown backwards into the corridor, taking Fox down with him.
He doesn’t seem surprised to hear that question. “Ellen bumped into me on the street and invited me.”
There’s the sound of footsteps going down the hall, and Dean calls out, “Hey, the girls will be back soon so I’m gonna start on dinner.”
Sorry about the delay in posting! I was really struggling to post this chapter, and then I read the advice that you should change your font to comic sans and it cures writer's block... and it actually worked. So that was an experience. Anyway, I plan on finishing this even though Chad and Samantha tried their hardest to ruin it (they can't beat people who were called crazy for 12 years, although it was an experience to be queerbaited 3 months after the show ended). I promise the actual ceremony is the next chapter!! Thank you for reading <3
“Well… I’m pretty sure you guys liked each other. You wouldn’t stop staring at each other. It was actually kind of creepy and I always got stuck in the middle-”
Cas raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t say anything. Instead, he silently starts picking up the (now slightly dented) pots, passing them to Dean, who puts them back in the cupboard they belong in. In only a few minutes, they manage to clean up the whole kitchen.
He lay there for a moment, face down on some poor guy’s grave, and he laughed a full, rich laugh that he didn’t recognise as his own.
“Oh.” Cas wasn’t expecting that, if he’s being honest. Dean can hardly stand the sight of him, so he can’t imagine him agreeing to move out with him. Cas supposed it didn’t really matter, and it might even be better, having someone with him. “There’s just one thing I need.”
So, when Paige walks into their dressing room to find Dean running around with a container of salt and a fire poker, she is almost not surprised.
They only just have time for a third run through before they’re evicted from the stage, but luckily this one is nearly perfect. Sure, Cas gets very close to falling off the stage, but he
Paige stopped that train of thought as suddenly as it started. Addy wouldn’t be travelling anywhere with her. She had made her position very clear.
Luckily, Charlie hadn’t gone to comic con every year since she was eighteen and become the Queen of Moondoor for nothing, so they had a plan all laid out. Unfortunately, there was no way they could go downstairs looking like this, so they were going to have to find someone else to grab the tape for them, and they needed someone who wouldn’t rat on them.
Paige finally looks up. “You haven’t checked out your competition?” Everyone shakes their heads and she sighs. “One of the favourites this year is Russia. There’s a rumour going around that she killed the dude who was supposed to be Russia’s entry this year so that she could take his place.”
When they get there - perfectly on time, might she add - they are immediately greeted by the filming crew. Hair and makeup descend on the group, slapping concealer on the boys and leading Eileen away to do her up properly. Jack ends up going with her, curious and willing to wear more than the basics, and neither of them return for at least twenty minutes. Paige laughs at the pointed look Sam gets from a stern makeup artist as she hands him a hairbrush.
(By the way: Diana won this Eurovision, and next year they run away to America to get gay married and become an eccentric rich lesbian couple)
Kevin can’t help but smile a little at that as he disappears down a hallway. The Winchesters may be a giant pain in his ass, but no one can deny that they do make a pretty good family.
“I’m fine,” Dean replies, his sentence punctuated by a nasty sounding cough. Cas raises an eyebrow, and he chuckles. “Well, obviously I’ve been better, but I’m not dead, so…”
Paige shrugs. They have a few things to do today, but the time she had given them to meet was fifteen minutes before she actually had to leave. In reality, they are perfectly on time.
“You’re thinking too much,” Cas grouches, wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck and looking up at him.
It was funny, he thought as he stretched out and yawned in a dramatic show of waking up, how much the Winchesters had managed to change his world. When your world is made up of a few weeks, a single family, and not a lot more, it was the little things that seemed to change your understanding of everything.
“Well, I’ll let him introduce himself, okay? You lived together before your accident, so he’ll be here to look after you and try and help jog your memory. I believe some photos are on their way?” she asks him, and he nods.
“You know that Israel exists?” Paige asks, mock surprised. Dean just glares at her, opening his mouth to respond, only to be cut off by the door opening, disturbing the salt line.
“Tell me you remember nachos,” Dean says, horrified and already reaching over to drag him into the kitchen. Cas wonders if this is a thing that the previous Cas and Dean did a lot; it seems to be a habit for Dean to latch onto Cas’ nearest sleeve in order to direct him anywhere.
Jimmy looks a little hurt at that declaration, and she can only stand to look at his sad expression for a few seconds before sighing and backtracking a little. “Look… maybe we can meet up properly, at some point, talk it out properly? I’m not kidding when I say I’m supposed to be babysitting God right now.”
Focusing back on her own company, Rowena groaned as Benny launched into his story about Purgatory for the millionth time that evening.
“I used to be the King of Hell,” he deadpans. “And I made a deal with Castiel, as well as convincing Dean to take the Mark of Cain. In the end I killed myself to save them.”
When she had been asked to manage the UK’s act for Eurovision 2021, Paige had been expecting the usual pile of shit. There was a reason they hadn’t won since 1997, and it wasn’t Brexit. This year, though, is different. After the original entrant took the fast way down the stairs, she had been given a last minute replacement: four Americans and an Irish person. So yeah, a pretty weird mix for a group, but not the
The shop doesn’t seem to sell any one particular style of clothes; there are racks of women’s and men’s clothes mixed together, everything from t-shirts and jeans to wedding dresses and glittery suit jackets. Cas wanders down the aisles, his fingers trailing over the fabric of the assorted shirts and jumpers. He stops, his hand hovering over a hanger, and Dean takes pity on him and grabs it, holding it up against him. It’s a grey cardigan, soft and worn, and it looks like it would fit him perfectly.
As the Empty takes him, Cas knows that no matter what happens next, there is no way he could ever regret this. He had saved his son and the love of his life, and freed himself in the process. Even with his final breath, he was smiling.
“What do you hunt?” he asks, but Eileen is looking away, and he doesn’t bother repeating the question.
Dean takes one glance at it, swallows hard, and then grabs a tape at random from the box. “How ‘bout I introduce you to, uh… AC/DC instead?”
Grocery shopping, Cas discovers, isn’t as bad as everyone makes it sound. Since Dean offered to do all the cooking - “I wouldn’t trust you in my kitchen with your memory,” - there’s not much reason for Cas to actually be there, other than to give his occasional input on what meals to have. They seem to have reached some kind of truce after cleaning up the kitchen together, a tentative step in the right direction. Dean still won’t look him in the eyes, still insists on buying an excessive amount of alcohol, but at least he has moved away from actively avoiding him.
they use their brain for once. What doesn’t help is that she has been given strict instructions to look after them - even more than usual, the snobby dude on the other end of the phone had demanded - and since it is, in fact, her job, who is she to say no?
Cas glances down the hallway, towards the door. How hard would it be for him to leave? It was only a few steps, a twist of a handle, a breath of fresh air. He could be long gone before they even noticed.
Once again a big thank you to everyone who helped me write this, whether you were invested in the raccoon, helped motivate me through a 3k writing sprint, and to whoever said "every lesbian deserves a flamethrower", I couldn't have done this without you :)
He likes it, Cas decides, this gentle domesticity. He likes waking up in a room with windows. He likes waking up in a house he helped decorate, in a room that belongs to him and no one else. He never dares himself to think about the future, however; allowing himself to think that far ahead feels like it would jinx the happiness he has found here.
Even two years ago, Claire would have declined and probably wouldn’t have even been polite about it. Instead, she grins and offers her hand. “Sure.”
rings in the back of her mind, and she shoves the thought away and abandons her toast to go and sit with them. It’s not like hotel toasters ever cook it properly anyway.
He shakes his head apologetically. The man’s whole body sags, like all his bones have turned to jelly, and he rubs his coarse hand over his face.
“It’s what plays while the stage is being set up for the next performance. It’s usually just some random selection of clips showing some part of the host country. Ours is…” Paige checks her notes. “Ours is in a famous haunted house nearby.”
“You called me,” Paige replies in the most toneless voice she can manage. “Did I leave something behind, or…?
Dean ignores her. “It’s Cas, okay? You don’t have to help me, but he’s basically your dad, so please. Please help him.”
Dean, of course, had some reservations. Cas still didn’t know much about the nature of their relationship before his accident, but he gathered that although they were close, it would still be considered weird for them to buy a house together. In the end, Sam managed to convince him after an hour-long conversation away from Cas’ ears.
A quick sweep reveals the kitchen and bathrooms to be empty, so she decides to check upstairs before braving the main room. There’s nothing up there, either, other than the overwhelming smell of hairspray and a general makeup-related clutter that Ellen is definitely gonna kick someone’s ass for later. By the time she makes it downstairs, the guests have already been let in, so Claire has to duck her way past demons, angels, and hunters alike before she finds Kaia.
Gabriel had been to a great many events, and yet somehow the crowd at Dean and Castiel’s wedding was one of the weirdest selections of guests he has ever experienced. It was like someone had put the names of everyone they had ever met into a hat and drawn them at random; half the people had been dead for at least a decade, and the other half weren’t human (plus, there the select few that managed to fit into both categories). It was rare that an event had both the Queen of Hell, an archangel, God, and a load of salty old hunters, but it was the Winchesters, and he expected nothing less.
Even though he knows his death is coming, even though he is crying, Cas still smiles. “Because it is.”
Sorry that this came out a bit later than expected - I've been really busy, and it was my birthday yesterday! I originally planned to finish this fic before Valentine's but I see that that is definitely not gonna happen now, so I'm going to do my best to post 2 chapters a week until I finish! I hope you enjoyed it.
The only downside of Kevin’s plan was that for the kid to eat enough to throw up, so did they. Claire didn’t think she had ever eaten this much in her life, chocolate or not, and she was dangerously close to following in the kid’s footsteps as he retched in the grass. It’s her punishment, she supposes, for letting him eat the stupid fucking rings in the first place.
Crowley opens his mouth to speak, but he’s interrupted when Becky drops her glass of champagne onto his shoes, apologising loudly and profusely. Jo’s not sure who invited her, but the woman’s complete lack of shame has come in useful at least twice so far. She’s not the only one fangirling over the wedding, but she certainly is taking it to another level.
“Ayers,” MacLeod says, turning to Paige without even mentioning Sam’s comment. “Did you let these buffoons in?”
“No, but you’re not too much extra work, so don’t worry. You can’t be worse than Electro Velvet.” Paige shudders dramatically, and Jack laughs. He’s a pretty cute kid, to be honest, and his laugh is adorable.
Becky grabs a towel and starts dabbing at him, which - seemingly much to her surprise - does absolutely nothing, but she continues anyway. “So, how do you know the Winchester boys, Crowley?”
“Thank you,” Sam says, dragging Dean away by an elbow as Jack trails after Eileen to the women’s changing room. Paige doesn’t say anything; the kid can use whatever room he feels more comfortable in.
have to attend since the UK is one of the Big Five, but we’re going to go anyway because it gives you a chance to have a look at your competitors.”
His phone rings almost immediately. “What makes you think that?” Sam’s voice asks, a pitch higher than it normally is.
It’s obvious that Dean must have had some kind of conversation with Claire before coming to fetch him because she is considerably nicer when they sit down for dinner. She doesn’t go as far as referring to him by name or asking him any questions, but she doesn’t completely ignore him and passes him the salt without asking, too. Cas finds that he doesn’t really make relationships these days; just forms truces with people who supposedly know him.
“Small fire!” Dean shouts, appearing from around the side of the building covered in blood. “I said start a
“They aren’t the only ones who deserve to be happy,” Rowena mutters into his ear as the song comes to an end, and Crowley can only nod and shoot her a suspicious glare.
It starts with a knock at the door. “I don’t think we’re expecting anyone,” Cas says, answering Claire and Kaia’s puzzled looks.
If she is classifying herself as nervous, then Dean looks like he is about to vibrate right out of his body. He has insisted on bringing his own duffle bag of supplies with him, even though Paige has told him repeatedly that everything he needs will already be backstage.
It only takes about five minutes to get to their seats, and they end up being much closer to the front than Paige is expecting. It isn’t long before the show is starting, and that’s when the real problems begin.
The first thing Paige wakes up to (other than the urgent need to go to the bathroom) is an email from an American college student claiming to be Team Free Will’s songwriter. She snorts and deletes the email without even reading it, yawning and climbing out of bed.
“Yeah, some kid sent me an email from their college email saying they’re your songwriter or something. Last time I can remember that happening to me was… God, it was either Bonnie Tyler or Jedward. I can’t remember what years they were.”
There is a loud bang from behind him, but before he can turn to investigate the source of the ominous pounding, Dean starts to speak. “She’s gonna get through that door.”
Dean’s already moving in the opposite direction, pulling Cas along with him. “Uh, let’s go to your room.”
By the time they get home, it’s nearly lunchtime and both Dean and Cas are starving. Dean heads straight for the kitchen, muttering about the food going off, and Cas hovers in the hallway, not sure whether to follow. In the end, he goes back into the guest room and finally starts to unpack.
As he skirts around the edge of the crowd, praying no one asks him any questions, he spots Jack one more time. They’ve created some kind of circle, Dean, Cas, Sam, Eileen, Claire, Kaia and Jack all holding hands and dancing together, wide grins on their faces.
“Pancakes,” Dean smiles, completely oblivious to Cas’ distress. “Claire can’t get enough of them, and I feel like I owe Kaia as many pancakes as she can eat.”
“Dad?” she asks, her voice at least a pitch higher than usual. The last time she had seen him alive was that day from so long ago, when he had left her and her mum once more.
At the point where the unbroken eye contact has gone on way too long to be comfortable, Paige finally speaks up. “So, are you performing tonight, Diana?”
It’s a miracle that Paige doesn’t burst out laughing as soon as she sees him. It’s not that he looks bad - in fact, it actually suits him quite well - but she’s never seen someone in such a ridiculous outfit look quite so furious.
Tracing his fingers over the scratches, he allows the familiar ache of emptiness to wash over him. It snakes through his veins, coursing through his body and turning his muscles to lead. He knows it’s his name - Dean told him it was - but he doesn’t remember it being carved. He doesn’t recognise any of the other names and couldn't decipher their meaning by himself. And yet, he is still brimming with an emotion he can’t even put a name to.
So Dean went to the graveyard on his own, and he completed the relatively simple spell on his own, and when the portal opened up in front of him he took his angel blade and he entered the Empty on his own.
Of course, if she ever got married - and wasn’t that a thought - she wouldn’t have wood looking rings. She’d have something classy, she decides. Nothing flashy - she would know how much she loved the other person, and she didn’t need to wave it in people’s faces for validation - and the life she led meant that it also probably wouldn’t be expensive.
“I’m required to say you can call me if you need anything,” Paige yells over her shoulder, already making her way to the elevator. “But if you need anything before at least 9am, someone better be bleeding.”
The sun is already setting by the time they reach the arena. Paige is glad for yesterday; it was nice to relax a little before the big day, and it allowed her to have a good night’s sleep for the first time since this trip began.
“Go give those to Jody so she has no reason to come after you,” Jo instructs, gesturing at the confetti cannons, “And then come back and help me pick this off.”
Then, the road and the younger Dean disappear, and Cas is back in Jody’s kitchen, sitting with his back against a cabinet.
Odette and Diana share an amused look, while the Brendan Brothers just look concerned. There’s a long pause, and then:
“Okay, what is that and when can I eat it?” Charlie begs, wobbling dangerously on the stepladder to get a better sniff, “Because it smells delicious!”
It’s too late to back out now, though, since the Roadhouse doors are already wide open and there are a hundred familiar faces turning to look at him. Dean only registers a few on the back row - Ash and Becky and Meg and Balthazar - before his eyes land on Cas, and his heart decides to stop altogether.
“We’ll have to get some furniture,” Dean suggests after they make the call to buy the house, and they drive out that very afternoon.
“Cas sent me to rescue you,” Jack announces, appearing out of nowhere in front of her. Maybe the tears made her vision blurrier than she thought. “Are you sad? You’re crying.”
In the end, Cas didn’t have much time to ponder the strange circumstances involving the fire, because he was immediately thrown into house hunting, which was an interesting experience. It turns out that Sam had been squirrelling away money for some time without his brother’s knowledge, and he was more than happy (read: extremely insistent) for them to spend it on buying their own house nearby. Having never bought a house before - that he could remember anyway - Cas found the sheer number of options fascinating.
happy day? Maybe, he thought as he dipped his mother dangerously close to the floor, he should just leave them be and get over himself.
If anyone thought he was snappier than normal, he could simply blame it on having to be near Dean for the entire day. Bobby was not nervous, but the poor kid was an absolute
when she wanted to be. Which was a shame, because there was no way he was going to get through the rest of the ceremony stuck in between an angel and a demon making goo goo eyes at each other.
She’s not lying when she says she can get ready in under ten minutes. It is a skill she had learnt long before her Eurovision days, but it has certainly been perfected in the last few years. There is always someone who wants something last minute, or a sudden change of plans, or some kind of emergency she is roped into diffusing. Being able to shower and get dressed in no time at all is practically a requirement for this job, and she has used it every year so far.
“Jack,” Dean begs, and Cas latches onto his words even as Dean’s voice seems to grow farther and farther away. “I don’t know if you can hear this because you haven’t been answering, and I know you said hands off, but I really need your help, kiddo.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says quietly, eyes never leaving the now dried and flaky handprint. “I didn’t mean to cause you all this pain.”
Cas sits up abruptly. He can’t do this. There’s no way this is going to end well and he needs to leave
tell me the little tweetie pie is singing too. And I can’t wait to see the look on Dean’s face when he finds out I’m here! Oh, this is the best birthday gift I’ve ever received.”
Paige bursts out laughing, attempting to stop at Dean’s offended expression. “Oh God, I’m so sorry. I’m sure you guys are great, really, but… we’re the UK, you know? You could send fucking Ed Sheeran and we’d still get
is a fairly forgettable ballad, but everyone - including the judges - know what happens if Azerbaijan doesn't get through.
Paige shudders as she remembers SuRie. Although, she had to admit, it was pretty badass that she had just kept on singing after that man had ‘magically’ gotten past all the security to steal the microphone from her.
Cas takes one long look at Dean’s face, memorising the constellations of freckles and the green nebulas in his concerned eyes, before he falls limp in his arms.
“Be back in time for the show!” Paige calls, but she’s pretty sure they aren’t listening to her. “Are they always like that?”
A few days later, when Cas has finally finished unpacking, he finds Dean in the kitchen sorting the contents of a duffle bag into the cabinets. He thinks nothing of it, excitedly telling his new roommate about his decorating skills, until he walks past and catches a flash of the contents; a flask labelled
Dean genuinely can’t believe he’s here. Even when he was younger, he wasn’t sure if he believed in his dream of an apple pie life. But here he is, about to marry the love of his life and spend the rest of eternity with him. And sure, it won’t be perfect, but it’ll be damn close.
So they sit there and they watch as the stars shift across the sky, peaceful in just the company of each other, and the eternal skies of Heaven.
Cas leans down until their faces are only inches apart. “Then I think it’s time for retirement, my love.”
Kaia’s neck snaps up so quickly Charlie is surprised she doesn’t have whiplash, and her knuckles go white as she tightens her grip on her roll of tape. “Claire?”
He looks past her, into the darkness of the night, and bobs his head. To be honest, he hadn’t thought his plan through much more than his instinct of
“I’m Eileen,” the woman says and signs at the same time, and Paige’s mind is static for a full ten seconds.
Even Gabriel has to admit that was smooth. Maybe he didn’t give his baby brothers as much credit as he should; apparently neither of them were going to fall for the old stirring-the-pot trick.
Tears are tracking down his face as time slows back to its normal pace, Cas and Dean sharing a long look before Dean speaks again. “Why does this sound like a goodbye?”
Cas gulps and shoots a longing glance at the open back door, but he can’t leave Dean here alone. He cautiously pushes the door open and nearly vomits at the scene before him.
Dean had been playing him all along. He had refused to tell him about his identity, about his past; pretended to be his friend to get close to him and now he had drugged him or something to confuse him.
Dean cocks his head, as if considering the question seriously for a moment. “Poison. Just to be dramatic.”
The Black Sea Arena is fairly impressive, but there’s no time to stop and admire it. Paige has seen it before, anyhow; while her act were waltzing around Georgia to see the sights, she had been here, sorting out an astronomical amount of paperwork and approving outfits. (Which, if she is lucky, might be ready by their dress rehearsal on Thursday. Her hopes aren’t that high.)
Jack nods solemnly. “Dad says that humans are very emotional, and that we all deal with those emotions in a very different way. Do you want ice cream?”
“Jesus Christ, Cas, what are you doing?” another person pipes up, rushing over to help. “Are you alright? Sorry, he’s, uh… his people skills are rusty.”
They’re walking back to the car with their shopping when Dean spots the clothes store and grinds to a halt. He looks a confused Cas up and down, evaluating him, before tugging him by the sleeve across the street.
Gabriel quickly discovers that - even though they’re in a bar - there is absolutely no way he is getting his hands on anything even remotely alcoholic before the reception starts. He had fought in cosmic battles and faced things that most humans couldn’t even imagine but Ellen Harvelle could be downright
Once they’re all handed out, Paige rushes back to her room. She can’t wait to see them wearing what she’s decided on. She thinks Dean might commit arson.
Apparently, the only person that can’t tell that Sam is joking is Crowley, who dramatically rises from his seat before being aggressively tugged down by Ellen (Dean’s fairly sure that’s Rowena’s laughter he can hear).
The door swings open aggressively, Dean managing to glare at him while still fidgeting with his bow tie. “I look stupid.”
“I’m okay,” Paige says, hoping her mascara isn’t running down her face. “These are happy tears, I think.”
to be dancing together? Sam is grinning and twirling Bobby about, joking that he could never ditch him for prom. There are at least six teenage girls all dancing together with only two adults - surely there’s a law against that? - and the two grooms are dancing with yet another teenage girl and the spawn of satan, along with an identical copy of Cas.
Over dinner - Dean’s homemade burgers, as promised - Cas decides he finally wants some answers. “Do you mind if I ask you a question?”
“Christ,” Dean says, flopping dramatically into his seat. “Paige, how do you do this shit every year?”
Sam and Eileen share a loaded look and Cas looks worried, but Dean just rolls his eyes, shoving another dumpling in his mouth. “Don’t worry,” he says, “We aren’t scared of no ghost.”
Paige has never been one to believe in ghosts. She isn’t particularly religious, either. This building, though… she has to admit that it gives off a creepy vibe. There are horns carved into the side of it, and she has the odd feeling she is being watched.
Dean laughs around a mouthful of food, Sam wrinkling his nose in disgust. “I apologise for my brother’s table manners. Or, apparently, complete lack thereof.”
“We’ve just gotta keep him distracted ‘til the ceremony. Then we can unleash him on the crowd,” Claire responds, pushing Jack with a little extra force. “Where are the rings, by the way?”
Paige is running on three hours of sleep. She hasn’t had time to shower, so her hair is still crusty with the copious amounts of hairspray she had put in it yesterday. There are dark bags under her eyes and her head is pounding with a hangover.
Dean blushes and his eyes dart to the floor. “Sam and I couldn’t agree on how to spell it,” he mumbles.
What grabs her attention, however, is the cake in the center. It has three layers; the bottom one iscoloured green, with little icing figures of Dean, Cas, Sam, Jack and Eileen at the bottom, next to a cute little version of Baby. The second is coloured ocean blue, and is decorated with little pictures of guns and machetes and angel blades and a smushed brown splodge which she’s pretty sure is Jack’s attempt at a trench coat. The top is the main attraction; there is a huge red handprint in the middle, surrounded by the words,
have you been?” she demands, her eyebrows practically disappearing off the top of her head when the two girls sheepishly push open the heavy double doors of the bar.
“-But that doesn’t mean that I’m not willing to try again, if you are? And I think that maybe, if you weren’t, you wouldn’t have done all that research.”
Dean scoots back a bit, but not enough for Cas’ liking. “C’mon, man, what’s up with you? You’re freaking me out a bit here.”
interrupts her train of thought, and she fights the urge to bury her head in her hands. There’s only one person in the entirety of the Eurovision staff that would make an entrance that dramatic: Azerbaijan’s manager.
“I would like to make a toast,” Sam declares, holding his champagne glass up, “to twelve years of unbearable sexual tension!”
Paige lifts the phone away from her ear, forcing herself to take a deep breath before bringing it back. “Right.”
Sometime after the last chair has been set out and the last balloon has been tied, Mary squeezes through the small gap in the door that Ellen allows, carrying a huge tinfoiled-covered tray under each arm.
“Shit. Uh, I’m gonna go get the nurse, okay? I’ll be quick, I swear.” All but sprinting out the room, he watches as the stranger disappears from his sight.
“Claire,” her dad says, and it’s weird that his voice sounds strange coming from Cas’ mouth. It should be the other way around,she knows that, but over the years Cas had done more for her than her father ever had.
Paige doesn’t say anything, just leaning back into her chair and pulling her phone out of her pocket, praying for at least ten minutes of peace before she has to babysit again.
By the time he’s changed into his loaned pajamas, Dean still hasn’t left his room. Just in case he’s still awake, Cas tentatively calls out a goodnight, before retreating back into the room he’s staying in.
It doesn’t take long for Paige to get ready - her ability to get changed quickly isn;t limited to whenever she sleeps in - even though her outfit is a little awkward to get on by herself. Since she isn’t a massive fan of skirts, she settled on a black jumpsuit and a pair of matching boots with heels. What makes her like it so much, however, is the belt: from it hangs a sort of overskirt made of see through black material which swishes behind her as she walks. It makes her feel like she has a cape, and in her opinion, there is no possible disadvantage to wearing a cape.
I am writing this later than I should be but I am desperate for the first proper chapter to go up, so thank you so much to Taia for beta-ing, otherwise this would be one huge puddle of probably unreadable goo :)
Cas raises an eyebrow. “I must warn you, I have some memory issues and can’t be held liable for shooting you again,
“Look, the best we’re really aiming for is top ten. And that means you’ve still beaten more than 30 countries.”
Claire considers this for a second and comes to the conclusion that there is only one other person who could have them. “Jack, sweetie, where are Dean and Cas’ wedding rings?”
Her mind wanders, as she pushes Jack higher and higher, and she wonders if Kaia ever would be down to marry her. It was a nice thought, and she lets herself dream about what that future would look like for a minute.
“I’ve never had European alcohol,” he says with a grin, already dragging Cas along with him, Odette hot on their heels.
Cas looks at it for a long moment, his eyes skimming back over the cases for the other two films. After only a moment of hesitation, he asks, “Can we watch it?”
“You look inside, I’ll check outside?” Kevin suggests, and Claire shrugs, not able to come up with a better option.
Bobby had spent the majority of his life handling one idiot or another but that didn’t mean he was patient enough - or sober enough - to be dealing with Dean’s stupidity today. Sure, it was the boy’s wedding day, but that doesn’t mean he gets a free pass.
She feels rather than sees the four sets of eyes looking at her in confusion. “They have no idea what I’m saying, do they?” she says to Eileen, who grins at Paige’s dramatic sigh.
They end up at a small restaurant that the (considerably friendlier) receptionist points them towards. They all share a few plates of khinkalis, which are similar to dumplings and absolutely delicious. Apart from the fact they are almost impossible to eat - Paige is convinced that there is more of it on Jack’s shirt than what went in his mouth - they are amazingly tasty, and the conversation stops for a few minutes as they make their way through their food.
The downside of Cas’ nighttime expedition is that when his alarm clock wakes him up - otherwise known as a pre-caffeinated Dean banging on his door - he’s exhausted. And, as it turns out, moving into a new house can be very stressful.
“UNO!” Kaia yells, starting everyone. She scratches the back of her neck, gesturing at the pack of cards between her and Alex. “Sorry. It’s the first game I’ve won all morning.”
Visiting the bunker is a strange experience, Cas decides. He had been living as another person for months, and to have the strange blur of memories from his years of being here and the weeks he had hated living here is confusing.
“Uh, you guys need some water or something?” Paige asks a little more politely, and they shake their heads, already pulling out their own supplies.
“Is that all of them?” Sam asks, scanning the room one more time to see if there is anyone who hasn’t given a speech. “Anyone else got something to say?”
When he awakes, he finds that somehow he is now pressed up against Dean’s side, his head lolling on his shoulder. Dean is scrolling through his phone, looking at seemingly random news articles and texting his brother. He hesitates for a moment, glancing at the ‘sleeping’ man on his shoulder, thumb hovering over the screen, before he clicks on the gallery.
It was an unusual sensation, but she almost felt bad cheating him like this. He may be the ex-boyfriend in this situation, but he seemed to really care about both Dean and Cas and he was truly happy that they had finally found peace.
we're halfway through! I'm really sorry but I haven't got a chance to proofread this chapter, so please let me know if there are any mistakes!
“Nevermind. I don’t want to know, full stop. Just brush your hair, Rapunzel, and be back down here ASAP.”
Neither of them respond, but Jo’s blush answers for them. The room is deadly silent for an uncomfortably long minute, the creak of the old wooden floors the only sound to ease the awkwardness.
Dean lies back on the bed, his hand reaching out for Cas’ once more. They take a moment to recall the journey that got them there; the battles, the hardships, the deaths. Maybe, Cas thinks, it’s time for the rest of their lives to finally begin.
Marie, as it turns out, asks more questions than Sam. She wants to know whether they’ll change the song in any way, what outfits they’re going to wear, what staging they're going to do, what time they’ll be on. In the end, Paige genuinely considers hanging up on her before realising that would probably be quite rude, and so she instead purposefully trips on a curb and sends herself sprawling to the ground.
Dean clears his throat, and Paige snaps back to attention. “Right, uh, sorry, I need sleep. I’m Paige, nice to meet you. Uh, sorry, I did some BSL classes in high school but-”
“What’s up?” Dean asks, appearing out of nowhere and plonking himself next to Paige with the biggest plate of food she’d ever seen.
Sam slumps in his seat, the overly cheery smile gone from his face. “We’ve gotta keep trying, right?”
Cas’ grin is so wide, Dean is sure it must be hurting him. In fact, he knows it aches, because there’s a matching one etched onto his face.
Jody and Donna squeeze past, both clinging onto Alex and Patience respectively with smiles on their faces as they join in with the dancing.
“Finally,” Dean mutters, wrapping his arms around Cas’ neck and tipping him dramatically, before leaning in for a kiss. There’s a whoop from the audience - probably Charlie, Dean thinks - and then Cas laughs against his neck as he rights them again.
The rest of the box is empty, the coat the only occupant, but Cas can’t help but suspect there is more to this than is immediately obvious. Almost unconsciously, his hand travels to an inside pocket that he hadn’t knowingly noticed, and to his surprise, there is another item in there. It’s jammed in quite tightly, and even though the coat is pretty much ruined, he still doesn’t want to damage it any further, so it takes a bit of wiggling and tugging to pull the item free.
Suddenly, Paige is left wondering whether that champagne is stronger than she previously thought. Standing in front of them, like he is as real and alive as her or Dean, is the staff member that Rowena killed a few years ago.
Cas may not have had many conversations, but this definitely had to be the most exasperating one conceivable. “Lost my memory?”
“I’m not sure.” Cas considers it for a moment, and then decides just to tell him. “It was foggier than the rest… we were in a graveyard. You said you were going to say something, but I don’t know what it is.”
Cas takes a moment to study his features before starting. “I may have been the one to pull you from Hell, Dean, but truly it was you that saved my life. I’ve said it before, but you changed me, molded me into a better version of myself, and I’ve never been so grateful for anything in my life. Without you, I never would have experienced any of these pesky human emotions, but I couldn’t imagine being without them now. Even the greatest feeling of despair is worth a second of the joy I feel when I’m in your presence. My love for you has broken past the control of Heaven, of Hell, of Purgatory and the Empty, even Chuck, and I plan to keep on loving you for the rest of eternity, if you’ll have me.”
There’s something in Dean’s voice, or perhaps some deep-seated intuition, that tells him that that statement is irrevocably true. The scene fast forwards then, his limbs moving as he is puppeteered around the room, holding a conversation that moves too fast for him to hear but that he still knows by heart anyway. Instinctively, he somehow knows that he is dying.
Sam looks at the ground, shuffling awkwardly from foot to foot. “We went… on a run?” Even Eileen looks a little unimpressed with his poor lying skills.
Her smile is one of a predator who has just caught their prey, but Eileen doesn’t back down. “Well, I’ll be the judge of that,
Currently, they were distracting him by taking turns pushing him on a swing set that he had conjured up around the back of the Roadhouse. Ash watches them from the back door, amused, as he grinds his cigarette into the ground with a smile.
They stare at each other for a minute, her heart beating in time to the loud vibrations of the music.
Frowning, he carefully picks it up, and with a final glance either way to make sure no one is there, he retreats back into his room, closing the door behind him.
Cas had suspected that there was a reason neither Dean nor his ridiculously tall brother Sam would tell him much about where they lived, but he hadn’t expected the reason to be the fact they lived in a huge underground bunker. Especially one decorated like it was straight out of the 1950s that was bustling with a number of other people also living there.
They both stare at him, barely concealing their simmering anger. Dean storms off down the hallway, Claire sparing a single disgusted look at Cas before following him.
Paige wonders. Although, to be honest, she has yet to figure out how the rest of the UK entrants this year know each other, so maybe she isn’t as good at reading people as she thought.
Kaia, Charlie had to admit, wasn’t lying when she said she was skilled with her elbows. Even in a sleeveless dress and all dolled up, she cut her way through the crowd with a terrifying glare and her pointed jabs. It was a mere matter of minutes before they made it up the stairs, where Charlie let out a dramatic sigh of relief.
“Good work, soldier,” she congratulated, raising a tired arm to salute before she had even really processed what she was doing.
- is carved into a library table. Perhaps it contained some kind of deeper meaning; something to be remembered by long after their deaths. He thinks that maybe he can understand that. He ignores the look of absolute pain on Dean’s face, simply removing his wandering fingers and twisting them into his sleeves instead.
The receptionist clears her throat loudly and they both turn to her. “One single room, one double room, and one double room with a sofa bed. Here are your keys, all the information you need is in the booklet in your rooms. Enjoy your stay,” she reels off, her voice lacking any kind of enthusiasm.
Castiel didn’t expect his first time kissing Dean Winchester to be in a hospital, but that doesn’t make it any less perfect.
“He was lucky,” the nurse had said after he came back from his operation. “The bullet only hit his shoulder. He should make a full recovery, with time.”
I hope you all enjoy the finale tonight! There will be one more chapter, just a short epilogue, and then we'll be done! Thank you so much for reading this and caring about these silly little people doing silly little things at Eurovision :D
Dean drags a bloodstained hand over his face before scanning the area. When he spots Cas and Kaia safely sitting bemused in his car, he breathes a visible sigh of relief.
Due to the fact that the group will be split up for a while, and then they’ll be doing interviews and will be onstage, Paige won’t see that much of them before their performance. The UK act is going on tenth this year, which is a bit too early to be a winner, but not as bad as the really early performances. (Sorry, Cyprus.)
He was here on a rescue mission, because that was what they did. He was a Winchester. Even the monsters knew that he valued family far above his own life.
“Alright, then,” he announced, leaving the room that they had been holed up in. “Let’s buy a fucking house.”
Jack is up and bouncing across the room before Kevin even has time to blink, colliding with at least a dozen guests before worming his way into the middle of Cas and Dean. Kevin groans, rubbing a hand down his face, before standing up. It may be Heaven, but this place must have a bathroom he can get drunk in, surely?
The song slowly fades out and the bar is cast into silence for just a moment, before it switches to the first few (very loud) notes of The Power of Love.
That was the other thing that was bothering Cas; exactly how likely was it for him to regain his memory? Sure, sometimes he felt emotions attached to objects he had no recollection of - the trench coat feeling familiar, and the almost unbearable pining that had hit him while listening to the mixtape - but that was about it. Maybe a few fuzzy things slipped through, but they confused him more than anything. The chances of him remembering everything felt slimmer with every day that went by.
The ghost lurches forwards and Paige doesn’t miss a beat. Rolling to the floor, she ducks out of the way and manages to snatch up the fire poker that Dean has dropped, swinging it wildly towards the ghost. With a final, ear-piercing scream, it disappears, fire swirling around it.
Paige decides to pretend that taking a 20-something-year-old to the bathroom isn't weird and moves on with her life. “Do you know how long they’ll be? I didn’t get any sleep on the plane and I could really do with a nap right about now.”
“Excuse me?” A gruff voice interrupts her train of thought, startling her into spilling her shitty coffee all down her front.
Dean Winchester spent an unusually large amount of his time in graveyards. This one, unlike most, had special significance. Of course he knew his mother wasn’t still buried there, but her headstone remained, a last reminder of her life.
“Okay, bye guys!” She’s aiming for cheery, but concern is shining clearly on everyone’s face and she knows she hasn’t quite managed it.
It was darker than Dean could ever imagine, a kind of impenetrable darkness so black and vast without the promise of a horizon that it overwhelmed him for a moment. The only surface in sight was the floor, which rippled and distorted Dean’s reflection as he took a tentative step forward.
There is some violence in this chapter, but I don't think it's too graphic, and it's nothing worse than what you see on the show. If you want more details, I'll put a more descriptive warning in this chapter's end notes :)
Dean flounders for a minute, attempting to sit up in his excitement before wincing and aborting the movement. “Really?”
They lock eyes for a minute, the tension in the room unbearable. The only sound other than their rapid breathing is the ticking of the grandfather clock Cas had begged Dean to buy. It reminded him of a bomb, each second a countdown to the inevitable explosion. This situation only had two outcomes; Cas got the truth, or Cas shot Dean.
She sighs. “Full offense, but I can already tell you’re a dick by the fact you’re wearing a white suit, so unless you want something other than to stir drama, please get lost.”
“Hello,” she says kindly, shutting the door firmly behind her. “My name is Dr. Aros. Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?”
Dean swallows, tears starting to form in his eyes, glittering against the dim background of the room. “Don’t do this, Cas,” he begs, but Cas hears what he is really trying to say.
Sam eyes the pile of borrowed clothing on the bed, the trench coat folded neatly on top. “It doesn’t look like nothing.”
“I’m so, so sorry. And you don’t have to forgive me, obviously, because I was really shitty and I know that… but I did research and stuff, while you weren’t here - uh, there’s this really good website called AVEN that helped a lot - and I realised I was wrong, and… yeah. I’m sorry for saying… all that stuff.”
As usual, whoever is in charge of the green room has supplied a steady stream of champagne and water, which various acts and their family members and team hold on to without ever taking more than a sip. Paige is very much from the UK, and since the only thing she’ll be required to do at this point is to herd her contestants to the stage and say good luck, she takes the incredibly long glass and downs the contents in one go.
“Castiel, do you take Dean Winchester to be your unlawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health?”
“I thought you might be a little hungover, and there’s no better cure than a good breakfast, in my opinion.” He plonks himself on the end of her bed as she starts wolfing down the beans on toast he had brought, shifting awkwardly as she shoves the food into her mouth.
Bile rises in the back of her throat. Hands shaking, she turns her phone off. That’s a conversation she needs to have sober.
Somewhere in the distance, there is beeping. Cas is dimly aware that he should find it annoying, but it’s not his first time being in a hospital, and the regular noise is reassuring, in its own way. It’s the only reminder that the unconscious body beside him is still alive, his heart still beating.
Jack practically jumps out of his seat. “I know the Ghostfacers! Elliot watched their videos after I told him ghosts are real.” He frowns suddenly. “They really hate Sam and Dean.”
There’s an alarmingly loud retch, then a thunk, before Kevin yells, “Got it!” He holds up his hand triumphantly, two puke-covered rings on display, and Claire lets her head flop back onto the ground.
It is quite a drive to Tbilisi, but apparently the Americans are used to long car rides. The entire way, Dean complains about not being in his ‘Baby’, and Paige has yet to figure out whether he is being gross about his girlfriend or he’s talking about some mode of transport.
It doesn’t take long to pack them up, even with Dean injured and Cas still sorting through his memories, since most of their stuff had already been moved to the house. Dean allows himself a minute, though, just to stand inside his room.
Jack gags a few more times, Kevin rubbing his back absentmindedly as he sorts through the vomit with a stick. “Come on, buddy, just one more…”
Then, there’s a piercing female scream from the hallway and Cas can’t stay alone in the room any longer. Grabbing his bag, he hesitates with his hand over the handle for only a second before bursting out into the hallway, but he can’t see anything unusual.
He shifts uncomfortably. “My daughter. I haven’t seen her in years, and I’m a little nervous. I don’t think I was the best to her.”
Claire didn’t regret many things, but she was having second thoughts about getting tipsy and then agreeing to babysit the most powerful being in creation. In fact, she was starting to realise exactly why Sam had asked them to look after him in the first place; the kid may have done a good job reforming Heaven or whatever but he clearly still acted like an actual three year old, even if he looked like he was in his twenties.
Cas is sure Dean thinks he’s asleep as soon as he starts scrolling, because there is no way Dean intended for him to see all these pictures. There are at least a hundred of them; some with his brother, some of his car or a particularly tasty looking meal, plenty with a young man that Cas doesn’t recognise (his son, perhaps?), but the ones that really make Cas’ heart clench are the ones where his own face smiles back at him.
Paige turns away to hide her grin, not wanting to upset the poor kid. Rummaging through the two costume rails, she manages to uncover the five costumes she needs for their performance.
“I love you,” Dean whispers. They had their big declarations earlier on; this is just for Cas’ ears.
He straightened his jacket and ran a hand through his hair. No. He’s the King of Hell, goddamnit, there’s no way he’s giving up that easily. There has to be someone here he can manipulate into ruining what’s left of the wedding.
She considers this for a minute. Cas is just about to repeat himself in case she didn’t catch it - it is dark after all - but she just carefully puts her glass on the map table and holds up a finger. “Give me one minute,” she says, waiting for his response to check he won’t just leave while she’s gone. Cas just shrugs.
Cas, for his part, looks quite dapper in the green velvet suit she had gotten him. Although, it looks like he has made some of his own alterations.
