“—have any questions?”
“Har har,” he says again. He looks around briefly, then lowers his voice.
Those of you who have (blessedly) watched the show, you know I'm taking some pretty big liberties with the layout of this final episode. What can I say, except that's the beauty of fan fiction?
I pick up the glasses from the top of my dresser and put them on like sheathing a sword. Rifle through the closet until I find an old dark grey jumper I was always fond of and my favorite pair of dark blue jeans. I grab my coat at the last minute. The nurse was right – I don’t want to freeze. It took almost three days to get the numb chill out of my bones after the last Visit. It had been icy cold on the pier.
, J. We just . . . when you came in
John lets himself reach forward and for a moment to hold Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock opens his eyes and gives a tired smile, and John feels his heart sink in his chest. He knows.
Interviewer: “And you’ve worked as a Paramedic that whole time?”
John sucks in a breath and tries to let it out without shaking. “Right. K, Trent?”
Suddenly the alarm signaling the end of lunch echoes harshly out across the dock, and John startles and flinches down. He blinks hard against the familiar haunting boom in his mind that makes him want to duck and find the nearest cover after a loud noise, and he feels his heart pound blood through his veins. He takes a deep breath and tries to shake it off staring at the ground, feeling tense and hot and embarrassed. Scotty stands there silently. John tries to read pity or impatience in the still lines of his body, but all he finds is an anchoring calm. Finally John looks back up to sheepishly meet his eyes and turns his head back towards the dock in a silent excuse, a cold sweat breaking out over his neck as he feels the tension slowly leave his limbs. Scotty nods understanding, eyes narrowed slightly in thought.
“God, Holmes—”
“Don’t make me kill you two days into living together, you fucking loony.”
Holmes starts setting himself up in a harness while Simon prepares the tripod over the crack. Dominic kneels in the snow to prepare and lay out his medical supplies near the edge. Elsa remains on her spot, keeping her nose glued to the frozen snow.
John starts paddling.
“Aw shit, this whole hut is a bomb isn’t it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John clears his throat. “Uh, yeah, is Officer Lestrade there? Greg Lestrade?”
John sighs as he pushes back up Hermosa Avenue on his skateboard, tightening his grip on his surfboard under his arm. He already knows, without a shadow of a doubt, what he’s going to do tomorrow morning.
Silence looms for a heavy beat, then Greg’s palm rests hesitantly on top of John’s hand. John desperately thanks his past-self for having kept his glove off after hanging up the phone.
He wants to glide out into the waves with John beside him and tell him everything, spilling words out across the surface of the calm, quivering ocean. How they can open up a surf shop together. How he has the down payment, and can study how to build the best boards, and how John can run the front and own the place and never have to set foot back on a dockyard ever again. He wants to pull John’s bare body into his arms in the waves they call home and tell him that he hopes John realizes that he’s in this for good. For life. How he wants to hold John’s hand in front of the endless sea and make a declaration in front of heaven and earth that he is John’s. Forever. The same way that men and women do in fancy chapels with a three-tiered cake and expensive photographer.
. . . On those nights John thinks that if he had to look down and watch Greg Lestrade touch his scars—the same thigh Greg had once smoothly kissed and licked, back when his hair was still deep brown, back when they both nervously groaned together and laughed—that it really
Sherlock sighs as his thumbs knead into the back of John’s thighs, not even hesitating as his right thumb travels over the raised lines of John’s scars. Sherlock takes a long time to answer. “I know.”
And Greg stares up at the man who looks like he belongs in an easy chair on a quiet Sunday morning, nibbling on toast and reading the paper, instead of screaming through the skies in a fighter jet, or skiing across the snow with frightening strength.
Suddenly it’s gone. His cock is wet and cold in the air, lying flat against his stomach. John is completely silent. Sherlock flicks open his eyes and pushes up on his elbow to look down. John is sitting up on his knees, one hand gripping Sherlock’s thigh and the other one covering his eyes, head tipped down at the mattress between Sherlock’s legs.
How he hadn’t wanted his mind to be so quiet anymore. How he’d wanted to
Alexxphoenix42 created this jaw-dropping moodboard where she somehow managed to find Sherlock's actual goddamn beach house.
“I was not so young to not recognize how I felt for you.”
Greg: “The ice is too thin here, I need to wait lower down.”
“Thank you for doing this. I know you’re bus—” John starts to say.
By the time he’s done the sun’s long gone down. My empty stomach feels tight and nauseous. I keep a straight face through all his stories, not showin’ him anything of what I’m feeling, what I’ve been feeling. I’m not sure it’d be humanly possible to show so many emotions all at once. I’m furious, and I’m stunned. Rocked off my center and stranded and found and grieving and relieved and so unbelievably angry.
It feels odd to even write that word, because I don’t think I’ve ever even heard Sherlock use it. I’m sure, deep in his internal thoughts, that that must be how he identifies himself if he’s forced to put a label on it. I know for a fact that he vaguely keeps up with any trans-related news, humming noncommittally when there’s a news cycle about a protest or law or what have you. Aside from that though, and he honestly pays the same level attention to thousands of obscure little niches and factions, I guess it’s rather peculiar for me to think of him, or myself for that matter, as being any of the letters in LGBT. We’re just. . . us.
Watson cuts him off gently and speaks to the girl in German: “What is your name, little one?”
Sans déconner  :  You don't say? (sarcasatic)
Greg’s voice: “You know, we . . . we all, at some point or another, you have a mission and, at the end of it, you break. You just . . . you cannot hold it in. The adrenaline, and the fear, and the worry – for yourself, for your teammates, for the patient, it all spills out, yes? You need to take the day off. Go home.”
Listen to "What You Want" by Bombay Bicycle Club
“No, John,” he says gently. His voice is strained.
“The hell you doin’ here,” I say. My words are nearly lost in the wind.
Welcome back!
He stares at me, and I know he understands what the hell I’m tryin’ to do. That he done just told me two minutes ago that I’m the brightest light in his life, and that I’m here, here in his arms, and there isn’t nothing on earth that’s ever gonna change that fact.
Sherlock dramatically imitates Greg’s accent. “You are speaking too fastly. I cannot be understanding ze words zat you are sayeeng.
And instead, Sherlock Holmes, Vancouver Silver Medalist and Pyeongchang Super-G Gold Contender, is lying naked on his back with only one leg of his pants pulled up to his knee, staring at the ceiling,
Hintley snarls at me, and suddenly I realize what the stranger is trying to do. Draw Hintley towards me so he can sneak around behind him and do whatever the hell he means to do with the gleaming black stick in his hands.
The air is tense.
wrong, and what gives the two of them the right to make fun of him? Now? When they now both know that Sherlock received the text he never wants to receive again for the rest of his life earlier today? After John nearly hyperventilated in the snow? After Greg took them to see the empty course? How can they—?
He speaks from the ground, whispering. “Turn right when we enter. There’s a set of stairs. Hintley, that’s your man, will be waiting at the top once they hear this door creak open. Keep him occupied while I head to the back up the hidden stairs in the kitchen so I can get to Van Cleave. If you hear me whistle twice, leave immediately and meet me in the square. I’ve a Yamaha parked nearby in case we need to run, or in case we need to chase. Keys are under the seat. If anything happens. . .” he trails off, rising swiftly to his feet and fixing me with a gaze I feel deep in my gut like a fist. “Take it and get back to your Exit Point.”
Listen to "Shine A Light" by the Rolling Stones
I force myself to turn back to a tearful Nurse Hooper and reach out my hand for the papers. I don’t even read what they say. I sign them. Then I lean back so that she can stand by his side. She checks all of his monitors one last time, then runs a warm, damp cloth over his forehead. It almost hurts to watch her.
Holmes grasps the back of Watson’s head and tilts it to gaze down into his eyes. His face looks pained.
“Great,” he says, forcing out the word like a cough. “Yeah, that’s great.”
I promise that more answers are coming! And more action, romance, smut, angst, love, etc.
“Does any of this have to do with who you were talking to on the phone?” Sherlock asks in the silence.
“So anyway,” I say lamely, “I guess I just wanted to thank you is all. You won’t have to deal with me bothering you again. This is my last –"
John stares at him. “That is exactly what you would do, yes.”
I want to scream. Everything in me explodes in a rush. I need to find him. Need to see him. Need to touch –
Sonya recovers first. “Ah, of course. Yes . . .”
He really should have been able to predict it would end up this way. But then, who on earth possibly could have? Who could have assumed that nineteen years of work would be ultimately erased in favor of less than ninety measly seconds?
But he glances once over his shoulder: Kuznetsov is definitely slowing down now, having almost reached the top of the hill before the final long stretch to the finish. The crowd are on their feet applauding him in from the grandstands, Russian flags flying like a billowing quilt in the wind.
. Not like that. Not so . . .
More than anything, Catherine loved seashells.
John feels like he’s never had a conversation before. “Right. Right, of course. Er, thanks again.”
would never have been able to reach.
Sherlock’s mouth clicks shut, and he takes a few moments to look out over the trees. Greg can practically feel him vibrating with the energy in his bones. They both stare unseeing at the empty shooting range, waiting for the race to come back for the third and final shooting round before the last lap.
“I don’t think she’s ever actually met any gay people before. Think you threw her for a loop with all your manly muscles and shit. No lipstick or feather boas or lisp or anything.”
And I’d dreamt of seeing her standing alone on the shore in Time, and of me chasing after her on my strong, young legs, and of her disappearing into the sea to drown before I could reach her to save her.
“You know,” Greg says, painfully aware of the start time ticking closer, but suddenly unable to stop, “When he and I first met, that winter, I saw John look like this once before.”
I shake my head and look up at him out the corner of my eye. He’s hidin’ his grin behind his coffee mug.
He holds my face safe in his hands and breathes into my mouth and trembles as I touch him. As I whisper to him, “that’s it, that’s it, let go.” As he looks into my eyes looking soft and wrecked and whispers, “I didn’t know,” before he comes in my arms with a fluttering cry in the back of his throat, letting me feel him fall beautifully apart. And he reaches down and lets me push up into his warm hand. Kisses the hollow of my throat until my body pulses and I see stars, clinging to the muscles in his back.
“What do you think I got off to last night when my roommate was in the shower down the hall?”
John fishes out his phone and hands it over with trembling fingers. Greg snatches it from him, flicks it on, looking like he’s about to type into oblivion, then he freezes. His face takes on a carefully blank expression.
Then there’d been Greg’s warm hand on his shoulder, those familiar brown eyes. He’d nodded once at John right before they walked away to catch the van. And even though John hadn’t even opened his mouth to say “I’m proud of you both” or “good luck,” he’d known that in the silence, the two of them had still understood.
Sherlock—”
On the drive back home along the winding beach-side road Sherlock has the sudden, intense desire to just grip the wheel and swerve his car off the dirt road towards the trees, wanting to hear John curse and panic next to him. Wanting to hear him laugh. His fingers grip the wheel hard and he starts to do it – drive like a maniac in an action film who’s gotta save the girl before the bomb goes off. Then he realizes the car would just be silent if he did, only the wind as a witness. The wind doesn’t laugh like John Watson, not free and deep and open like waves rolling over smooth rocks on the shore. And Sherlock drives home straight and narrow, five miles under the speed limit.
He backs away until he’s in the other corner of the courtyard, opposite from Greg. He watches as the small crowd around John swells, and he thinks he can hear John’s quiet, confident voice in the middle of it all, saying thank you and sure, he’ll be in the photo and of course, he’d be happy to sign. For a moment, he even glimpses a bright flash of metal, and realizes that John is being asked to sign a young girl’s prosthetic arm.
“The fuck are you lookin’ at,” I hiss at him, but my voice comes out raw and desperate.
” and a “
“Ain’t got the heart for it anymore, I guess,” I say. I see her slowly set the plate she’s holding down on the counter. She looks down at it and scrubs off an invisible piece of food so hard I can hear the sponge scratching echo cross the tile.
He waxes his board in slow, steady circles and goes back over everything Sherlock’s told him about his competitors in his first round, about the swells and the strategy, weaknesses and strengths. For ten minutes he successfully remembers Sherlock’s words and advice.
My little girl hugs me tight when she sees me after openin’ the door. It hits me square in the chest how much I hadn’t realized I’d been missin’ her.
Greg: “Where’s John? He should be with us. We need a medic.”
Il y a . . . hum, un homme est là pour : There is . . . uh, a man is here to --"
John braces himself for more cutting comments when he finally joins Scotty side by side on the water, mentally preparing for a day of irritation and wasted time that will inevitably lead to them never agreeing to do this ever again. Instead Scotty angles his board so that he’s right next to John, shins gently butting against each other underneath the ocean surface, and he points out to the distant horizon, and in a smooth, velvet voice, he tells John everything he knows about the waves off Oahu.
Greg takes pity on her while Sherlock continues to wage war on his offending hangnail. “English is fine,” he tells her, in what he hopes is a calm voice. He realizes it’s the first thing he’s said in nearly twenty minutes of total silence.
We stare at each other, and I feel that I’m missing something critical passing between us. Then he kisses my forehead for a very long time before lying back down on my chest, my arms around him.
Sherlock shivers. “John.” He reaches up to caress the back of John’s head with his hand, holding him against himself as John slowly presses soft, steady kisses down the line of Sherlock’s neck, hands still brushing over his chest underneath the cotton of his shirt.
John hums as he paddles out into the waves behind Sherlock. They’re skirting just to the side of the main break of the waves along the deserted beach they’d driven to at the very edges of the Banzai, swimming out smoothly towards the slowly setting sun.
And with that, he gives both Greg and John a tight, courteous nod before striding from the room.
I don’t know what the hell to say to that. Nobody’s talked like this to me in years. So carefree and open and fearless. So brash. It seems that they were right when they told me before I Visited– that you can be your old self in this place. Can be young.
Greg’s face twists, and he lets out a shaky breath.
A small part of his brain, the tiny alarm from the shower that now feels like a lifetime ago, starts to go off. John is sitting out in the open air in front of the entire world with an erection between his legs and a man underneath him. A man who’s arching up into John’s touch, and reaching back with a shaking hand to grab tight onto John’s hip and squeeze. A man who’s panting on ghosts of his name, hovering on the tips of his full, wet lips.
I realize she’s waiting for what I’m about to say. I lie, now that I know I’m quite good at it.
Next morning Alma hands me a classified page of the paper with some pen marks on it. “Let’s get us a place in town, John,” she says. “It’s lonelier than the moon being out here all day just me and the girls.”
Sherlock groans and huffs out a breath that John knows is supposed to sound annoyed but completely misses the mark when he’s writhing and panting beneath him, hips pressing up deeper into John’s palm. “Fuck you,” Sherlock says.
fingers always wiping away one of John’s tears, and his warmth against John’s cold skin, and his palm rubbing John’s stump whenever it burned.
Sherlock blinks. He realizes that two sets of eyes are on him now, both of them with mildly concerned raised brows.
“You fucking dick!”
Interviewer, a bit emotional: “It is very meaningful, that. Such an important gift.”
John turns to head back into the bedroom and gather his stuff when suddenly Sherlock’s hand is gripping his face, pulling him back quickly towards him and planting a deep, warm kiss on John’s mouth. John reaches out and grabs a handful of Sherlock’s shirt in his shaking palm, sighing into the kiss. John can taste the relief on the tips of Sherlock’s lips – the warm, soft pulse of understanding, of gratefulness, that John didn’t ask him not to surf.
There. That’s enough.
the one to forget that he is The Coach whenever they leave home. Greg folds his hands on the table, his palm burning where he touched Sherlock’s knee, and silence looms.
Simon, chuckling: “How does that work?”
that way. Not even close.
“Oh, but I nearly forgot—your kiss!” Maxine cries, so loudly Sherlock half-expects the avalanche alarm to blare above their heads. Maxine’s gaze whips back and forth between them so quickly Sherlock notices John inch forward to catch her if she falls. “John, dear,” she says. “I have to admit we didn’t . . . well, we didn’t realize, did we, Ronnie? We couldn’t really tell you were . . . And no wonder you were so worried when he fell! You poor dear! Oh, but how brave you were kissing him like that—and right there on the TV! Showing everybody your love! Proving ‘em all wrong! Isn’t that right, Ronnie? Weren’t we saying how they were so brave? And our Shanie, he said, ‘Mom, this is huge! It’s all over Twitter already!’ He showed me how to look at the twitters and the hash signs, you know. Gosh, and what a handsome couple! What a pair! And right after you smashed those World Records! Skiing on your bum leg and all!”
They look calm.
John feels his eyes pool black at the sound. The breath leaves his chest, and all he can do is shake his head.
Christ, I missed his laugh. I realized while we sat there cracking up and looking out over the water that we hadn’t really laughed together in a long time. There’d been smiles, and happy tears, and excitement, but not really laughter. Probably because every time I wanted to laugh, to throw out a joke or egg him on until his humor came out, I’d remember him crumpled on the floor that first night in tears, and suddenly I couldn’t bring myself to laugh anymore.
“This thing we got going on here,” I say. “If it . . . grabs a hold of us like it done back in Signal, and we’s in the wrong place, at the wrong time, we’re dead men. Can’t go courtin’ it even more living in the same place.”
“You aren’t messing with me,” he says quietly. “You really think I can hold my own for a round without embarrassing myself?”
, they’d said.
John feels his face grow hot. He looks back down at his board. “Aw, it was only three days, man,” he says, trying to keep his voice light.
Sent:
But now, standing here face to face with this world, John sees that it’s an entirely separate universe. One where the rest of surfing, with its competitions, and qualifying and pro circuits, and points, and heats, and judges doesn’t even exist. Where Sherlock Holmes can walk onto a beach and be welcomed with open arms. Where the only people who dare to show up and watch are the ones who know they may end up seeing a corpse float onto the frothy shore.
-The waves on this beach (Banzai Pipeline) are HUGE. To get a good feel for how a surfing competition at this location would look, I've posted a great video below. These are three of the absolute top surfers of today, especially Kelly Slater. He would put John to shame - he's 44 and still an absolute powerhouse of the sport. He's insane to watch.
Then I see him.
She grins slyly: “They’re all competent, it’s sort of a requirement for the job. I think they would murder me if they found out I ranked them.” She sighs: “But, yeah, I always feel better when I know they’re working together.”
And there is only the silent question Sherlock had asked through the touch of his fingers. The unvoiced, longing, mourning,
“Two little girls,” I say. “Love ‘em to death.” My hands are shoved deep in my pockets where the two of us are still crowded in the little doorway. Alma looks pale as a sheet. I start to back up towards the door, and I see a little bit of her face crumble like she’ll die if I step out through the screen. It leaves me unsettled, off kilter. Sherlock Holmes shouldn’t be standing in my kitchen in little Signal havin’ to talk about hair dye and daughters and dinner plans.
He rubs the back of his neck, and he registers the moment Greg realizes what he’s about to say—the way his eyes fall.
Sherlock truly understands the definition of shock, because his jaw drops open, and no sound comes out, and nobody in the ensuing silence asks him to hurry up and leave. Nobody accuses him of listening through doors, or of keeping secrets for years and years, or of not just showing himself the way out.
Greg gives a self-conscious laugh. “I should hope so. We have plenty of years left. I cannot be predictable.”
He tries to smile, but it doesn’t reach his eyes. “They did draft me,” he says. His voice is low, flat and dead like one of them robots from the science fiction pictures.
John sets his phone face down next to him on the table and grabs his leg. He quickly rolls on his protective sock by second-nature, careful to squeeze out all the air, then he reaches in his bag for his ever-present bottle of unmarked lube to rub down the inside of his socket.
Olympics, he thinks to himself as he plays with his bottom lip, rolling it with his thumb. The voice in his head sounds like himself when he was fifteen, immature and whining.
“You need to trim your hair,” she says. “Too many tangles at the ends.” Then before Sherlock can even react she reaches forward and holds his arm. “When will you surf next?”
Sherlock smirks and starts to rise to his feet. “Gotta show you all how it’s done,” he calls back, and Hank nods and laughs. “Five minutes!”
“I’m forgetting how bloody irritating you can be at actually
“It works best for him not to think of the times beforehand,” Greg explains, wondering if he’s speaking too fast, too slow, too simply. “We focus on the route and the angles of the turns, and the time comes later.”
Greg rolls his eyes and is considering chastising him when he immediately finds John where Sherlock said he’d be, and the words die in his throat.
Holmes, fiercely: “It wouldn’t happen. You’ve never let it happen. You wouldn’t let that happen.”
Sherlock scans his body, and he finally notices that John’s gloved hand is covering Greg’s fingers on the metal railing, and Greg makes that sound again in his throat as John strokes the back of his hand with his thumb.
It’s just as difficult as everyone said it would be.
When I came home that night Sherlock was inexplicably covered head to toe in flour and fingerprint dust. As I later learned, the flour was the result of an extremely short lived desire to bake a cake (ie he only got to the flour in the bowl step and then gave up), and the fingerprint dust was, as I had feared, the result of an attempt to get the babies’ fingerprints
Ma place est avec toi. Et lui. Je t’aime tous les deux.  :  I belong with you. And with him. I love you [both]
the gay skier. It is a part of me—what makes my life what it is. I am gay and with two men. And it was my dream to kiss him today. Nothing would make me want to take that back.”
Hundreds of times I’ve held him like that. Thousands of times. And every time I’m suddenly nineteen again sitting across a fire, dumbstruck and awestruck and all the other kinds of struck you can be. Lovestruck. Luststruck. Struck by a lightning bolt named John.
“John Watson!”
“I didn’t want you to be late for your fucking flight!”
, not that again. You know you only ever say that when you are—”
Greg bends down. “Terrible.
Too late. I’m already pretty fucking attached. Attached to being alive.
ones are gonna be there. It’s not like the fucking curlers are gonna show up. And the
Somethin’ small cracks on his face, flying ‘cross his mouth. The bacon on the stove is long gone and burned.
Greg’s head falls back as Sherlock’s lips reach his neck. “
But I wonder in the deepest corners of my mind if he’ll be different now that he actually Stays. If he’ll take one look at me and say, “thank you for signing my papers, but I must run along,” and dash off, ready to take on his city with crystal eyes. Needing anything but a scarred and dying Visitor trailing behind him, still reaching with young fingertips for a cane that isn’t there.
get along. And you even successfully paired on a winch rescue. Never thought I’d see the day.”
John laughs and leans against him. Sherlock feels the touch straight through to his bones.
“I should know to believe you by now,” Greg says.
John opens his mouth to just retort – say
I curse under my breath and groan.
“Oh this is really helpful, thank you. Tell me more about what he’s already won, please.”
He turns to walk up the lane to Hobbes’ place, thinking he might as well go lose himself again in his work. It makes the hours go by faster, after all. He walk down into the sand, and he takes two steps towards the lane staring down at his feet, and he looks up quickly at the spot where John had once surprised him by appearing like magic out of the shaded, tree-lined path, and he freezes.
“You can trust me,” Walter says.
“And good thing Hank already said he’d watch the shop for a whole week.”
“What the hell are you doing?” Sherlock cries, as if broken from a trance.
Greg starts off, barely even considering a good route, his unfamiliar skis slicing fresh tracks through the snow. After only a few seconds’ pause, he hears Sherlock and John begin to follow behind him.
John clears his throat. “Er, yeah. Greg has access to the cart, so. They’ll take me.”
Sherlock had looked miffed. Well, irritated beyond
The second to last night, though, we talked. Well, Sherlock talked. He leaned back against me with his head on my shoulder from where he sat in between my legs, and I reached around him as far as I could to rub my fingers on the marks of his stretched skin, soothing the ache in his hips and underneath the heavy weight of our daughters. He told me parts of his past I had never known, about his family, and his body, and his days back in school. Some of it was sad, and I could feel his skin quiver against me as I wrapped him tighter in my arms, weighed down by the pain in his voice. Those stories were the drugs, and the depression, the times he cut his skin and the nights he lay missing me enough to cry when he was away for those two years.
But I keep looking. Make my way to the bar this time without running into it, squeezing past the sea of bodies, glasses fogging up again in the steam.
Well, what’s done is done. No sense in questioning his own sanity now.
boys.”
They did a number on him in California the last few months. Must have, to turn an already fit body into the heavy weight of lean muscle currently draped across Greg’s chest as they both hum and groan.
He sighs and goes on. “I’ve always worked alone.”
It brings sudden water to Greg’s eyes. Before he can blink it away, though, Sherlock sees, and he leans fully into Greg’s stomach and chest from where he still sits on the cot.
John gasps in surprise the moment Sherlock shoves him back, body going stiff for a moment, and then Sherlock moans on a sigh and presses his lips to John’s, licking into his mouth and tasting the proof of John’s words. The proof that he really was seeking Sherlock out on the sand. John groans deep in his chest as Sherlock caresses his lips, cupping John’s face in his hands, and suddenly John’s own hands are up and under his shirt, running roughly up Sherlock’s bare sides and clutching at his skin, trailing the tips of his thumbs over Sherlock’s nipples.
Watching their continued, terrifying focus, we become all-too-aware that the ice could all cave in again unless they keep the pit clear. That all of them could be buried. That a small avalanche could rush down the side of the pass over the unstable crevasse.
Suddenly I realize, dawning on me like the sun. Hintley’s out. And from the looks of it, Hintley doesn’t realize it yet. He slams on his own brakes and stops in a cloud of smoke, holding his gun steady towards the stranger as he creeps towards him on the pier.
He’s watched John fire across the blinding snow in the middle of a race, his strong chest heaving to steady his breaths, his shoulders terrifyingly straight when he finally pulls the trigger. He’s stood there staring, breathless with awe, as Sherlock grabs his hand hidden in the folds of their jackets, and as both of them silently shiver at the fact that they get to
Greg stares at Sherlock, who looks like he’s about to either throw up or faint, barely standing upright through sheer force of will. Then he looks at John, who looks like his features have been carved from stone, and he feels his own soul break in two.
Greg’s done it again – pulled him up and out. John’s back feels open and assured, pushing back up against the weight of the world and drying inch by inch in the waking sun.
“Shit. Yeah, I am. Look, James, I—I actually need to—”
Then, Holmes, soft enough that Watson probably can’t hear: “John Watson risked everything to follow me here, do you see that? I was due to leave Afghanistan after I’d suitably recovered, to get on a plane back to London, and I asked him, point-blank, to follow me there. To come. Three months later, his tour was over, he didn’t sign his re-enlistment forms, and he was on my doorstep. When I wanted to move here to be closer to the mountains, he packed his bags. When I was gone every other week consulting with different climbing teams, with different rescue missions, he didn’t complain. We are not very open people, he and I. So, if John didn’t think it necessary the entire team knew our business, who was I to say otherwise? If he needed to keep that separate, for him to be successful with his work, with
The camera cuts to the harness and system of ropes by the door of the helicopter, and we realize we are to understand that Holmes would be strapped in so he could stand outside the door on the landing skids as the chopper hovers.
“Something done you in?” I ask.
A pause, then: “And yes, to answer the question I know you’ll ask again, I’m glad I survived.”
Coming up next week: Where did Scotty Holmes come from? Why oh why did he wipe out on purpose, and what are his thoughts on John Watson's beach bod???
I want to thank her, but I’m gone.
Greg shakes his head and forces a laugh, then stoops to pick up his and John’s bags, giving himself a moment to re-compose. When he looks back up at them, he puts on what he now knows is his Coach Face, and Sherlock’s spine straightens in an involuntary response.
Sherlock hums. John’s heart is racing in his chest. He has a million questions. He chooses the least important one.
They stand in buzzing silence. They’re both remembering that day. Sherlock thinks of pulling John’s limp body from the water, and forcing air into his lungs, and suddenly a laugh comes bubbling up out of him.
It feels like coming home. Moreso, he’s ashamed to admit, than the first day he ever came back to the house in Chamonix and opened the door with his own new key. Like the balance of the universe no longer solely depends on John Watson finding grace in the home of two other men, their bed and their wallets and their successes and their skis. In their romance.
“I haven’t.”
him. And Sherlock would give up skiing for the rest of his life if he’s also wrong about the fact that John knows Sherlock is watching, that Greg knows Sherlock can hear.
He sees John’s body language tense as they approach, and his brain instantly supplies him with the reason why. Now everyone knows, can see with their own eyes, that John willingly spent time with Scotty Holmes. He’s probably afraid they’ll think he’s just a pushover, or an ass kissing fanboy, or a guy who thinks he’s too good for all of them now that he’s made pro.
John breathes sharply out through his nose and blinks hard before reaching up and pulling Sherlock down onto him by the shoulders. “Come here,” he whispers. Sherlock falls forward and drapes himself across John’s body from chest to ankle, letting the full weight of him sink down onto John’s warm skin. John grips at his back and reaches up to meet Sherlock in a deep kiss, open and wet.
, I said maybe.”
In brilliant HD focus, Sherlock’s limp, free-sliding body finally crashes into the safety gates with an echoing smack for good, tangled in the mess of bright orange plastic and poles. One of his skis is gone, the other bent unnaturally towards his neck. One of his poles has snapped in half, the splintered shard still gripped with an iron clasp in his gloved hand.
I pass by a Cinema. Gape at the titles on the board. People are lined up on the chilly streets to see one – holding hands and laughing and dancing to the foggy music spilling out onto the pavement from a radio. I think about going in to see a film. Hiding in the dark just to tick away the minutes. Then I stop with my hand on the doorknob and leave. I already know the plot anyway, I tell myself. And why sit when I can finally walk without falling? When I can finally take a step without pain?
“Well,” John says, enjoying the disappointment on Rick’s face that John didn’t just awkwardly flounder over his mistake. “Miracles do happen. Lestrade wouldn’t agree to coach someone only to make sure he stays slower than his own record, right?”
Her smile is contagious. “Everyone who takes care of patients who Visit knows about Sherlock Holmes,” she says. “The government tells us that there are secret officers patrolling there in Time. That that’s how those people get sent back to the World. Or get Shut Off.” She looks at me. “But we’ve all really suspected that that’s a load of shit.”
His apartment never smells like flowers.
He immediately clips off his microphone without waiting for an answer and hands it back to the crew. The interviewer also rises, flustered.
I’m breathless.
I could write those names over and over and never tire of them (and Sherlock has, in fact, written them over and over, in every style of handwriting imaginable and on every available surface, since he claimed it was imperative that we learn to recognize their names in every conceivable font so that we could identify the potential kidnapper from their ransom note – which made me want to vomit with worry until I saw that Sherlock was joking, and that he, too, just couldn’t get enough of writing our daughters’ names).
“Give me a chance too to fill you in on who you’ll end up against this afternoon,” he says cautiously.
John’s never seen the tattoo this up close before, and looking down at it now he gasps. The ink forming the body and tendrils of the jellyfish swirls in delicate, fluttering, translucent back lines across the smooth skin of his back, gliding over muscles and dripping down his spine. The detail is incredible, unlike anything he’s ever seen. John sucks in another breath and leans closer to get a better look.
John’s chest clenches painfully, erratically squeezing on his lungs. “So you knew this whole time, then?”
The midwives came back in just now, and we whispered over our plans. They thought it best to let him sleep through some of his contractions, allow his body to relax again, and then we’ll wake him up and get us both in the bath. Sherlock’s nervous about that part, he told me last week. The part where other people will see his genitals, see all of the parts between his legs. But then I reminded him that they wouldn’t be looking at him, they would be looking at our daughters emerging out of him where they’ve been kept safe. That did us both a lot of good.
She grins. “I bet you say that to all the pretty girls,” she says. She winks at me and lowers her voice. “And boys.”
John yanks his arm back on impulse, gearing up for a fight, but the hand returns, gentler this time.
John picks up his gun and starts to check it for the eighth time that morning, his fingers automatically going through his pre-race checks while his mind wanders . . .
Watson, blinking rapidly as he nods: “Okay.”
“For good,” he whispers.
cause him unimaginable pain. Cause them
Thank you to Mel, my muse of a beta. You reached out your hand and guided me along through my most complex fic to date. I would have been forever lost in the relationship dynamics, backstory, and plot if it weren't for you. I aspire to your depth and clarity.
“Hell, Sherlock, what are you –”
Greg’s heart hammers, but Sherlock pulls him infinitesimally closer as she finally looks away. Greg closes his eyes, forgets the rest of the world, and kisses his curls.
. Only, he isn’t even sure what ‘it’ is. He had no plan at all when he dialed the phone, other than a gut feeling. The same gut feeling that made him say yes to Sherlock and Greg that first time, that made him ski again after his injury, that made him look up at the stars on his back in the sand instead of closing his eyes.
Finally he looks away, out over the crystal blue mountain-backed lake we’re parked next to.
John’s hand clenches so hard around the grip of the crutch that his knuckles turn white. A cold bead of sweat drips down Greg’s side under his old Sochi Team France t-shirt with the hole in the sleeve. He wonders if he stood up and did jumping jacks right now if John and Sherlock would even realize he’s still in the room. Then he remembers that he can’t really stand up and do jumping jacks without his knee screaming murder on the plane in three hours. So he guesses he’ll never know.
She smiles, and her mouth trembles at the corners. She holds out her hands, fingers shaking. “Can I see you?” she asks.
Finally Chris had leaned back in his seat, set down his empty mug, and taken a deep sigh, smiling at them both. “If you don’t mind I’m going to take a few minutes for myself,” he’d said. “I’ll come back when I’m ready for you two and we can go?”
Sherlock laughs again, quick and harsh, flailing his hands out at his sides. He can’t remember when exactly they started yelling.
, they have opened the check-in tables by now,
Interviewer: “Oh? And what did he say?”
Holmes softly tilts his head, considering the question. His body language is as if the interviewer and camera aren’t even standing there beside him.
Interviewer, behind the camera’s lens: “Do you come up here often?”
To his shameful relief, the man leaves with an easy nod. John takes quick stock of the packed stadium, balking a bit at the overwhelming spectacle of it all, and he resumes his careful search through the crowd. He doesn’t see Greg in the normal grandstands, not like he’d expected him to be there anyway. He isn’t in any of the very front rows. The sidelines of the course are bursting with attendants, press, cameras, coaches, and gear teams, but not one of them Greg, and as the third skier steps up to complete his first run, John’s heart sinks into his stomach.
Sherlock fights with himself not to audibly scoff. “Of course not. Russell put up an alright score, but he got all his points just by throwing in tricks at the very end of his rides. O’Brien’s gonna chase after everything that comes at him, whether it’s a smooth barrel or not. Watson’s the only surfer here today with enough experience to know when to wait.”
take a shower before you came here. The edges of your hair are wet. Plus you dropped off your gear bag and cleaned your skis. I accounted for the time of those activities in my estimations.”
Just once, it looks like Simon rubs his thumb over his slowly breathing chest.
Like he is somehow something more than a stunned man standing frozen in the sand, curls frizzed wildly about his face and mouth half-open and eyes blown wide with disbelief.
John raises his eyebrows. “Oh?”
Holmes: “Yes. Obviously. That comes with the territory in case you haven’t noticed. Didn’t you film them finding a body only yesterday?”
Qu’estcetufaila?  :  What're you doin'here?
Greg: “Well, it was like a usual mission,
He apologized to me –
But I also still wanted to strangle him for not answering his phone. I opted for a compromise. I cleared my throat to let him know I was there, although I’d bet anything he already knew and had been silently counting my breaths since the moment I spotted him. I crawled out to join him, letting the sound of his voice wash the last remnants of panic from my bloodstream.
It hit me then like a crashing wave – the sheer relief I felt at hearing a positive reaction. It was like my skin had been smothered and sunburned for months, and now suddenly I felt the sweet, encompassing healing of fresh breeze and aloe. For so many months, day after day, I’d kept the most important part of my life a careful secret. Hidden it from my friends, and my coworkers, and the strangers I sat next to on the tube.
“That film is expensive, John! Don’t tell me you just wasted a photo on
He quickly turns his head to look at Sherlock’s sleeping form and sees two pale blue eyes staring back at him, clear and open and fixed on John’s face like he’s the most fascinating sight they’ve ever seen.
Greg opens his mouth to try and respond, but can’t. He can’t get enough air.
“No,” he says. “No, sorry, I—I want to do this. Really.”
. . . Your spotlight.”
Received:
I ask him the next morning tangled up in the tent whether things is normal for him when he’s with women. I lay there thinking bout all the times I could never get it up with Alma, all the nights I left her cold and hangin’ alone on her side of the bed. I think about the few single nights I’ve had with little waitresses and ranch cooks since her and how they look at me with pity in their eyes when we’re done. I think of how I get hard back in Signal in my empty little house just thinkin’ of Sherlock’s hands sliding up my thighs.
He takes a step further inside, acutely aware of the fact that Scotty’s standing frozen watching him. His eyes roam over the few pieces of wood furniture and says the first thought that pops into his head, needing to break the buzzing silence.
Greg takes a deep breath. Sherlock’s foot is still pressed firmly up against his own. His voice is blessedly smooth and normal when he finally speaks. “It has been an honor,” he says, nodding at the screen. “And
And then, as the sun breaks through the clouds above, and the cameras and crowds watch from the finish line in shock, John roars, and he squeezes his eyes shut, slamming his poles down into the ice, the metal of his right leg flaring like the sun—
-Again, I've pretty drastically simplified this surfing competition's logistics. With many surfing competitions now, it isn't necessarily always a semi-final and a final where you narrow it down until there's only 2 surfers left for the final. Sometimes there will be multiple "final" rounds, and the surfer with the highest combined points from the day after those "final" rounds is the winner. This is how John's competition will work. In the next chapter, you'll see he's in one of two separate "final rounds."
“You’re probably wondering by now how everyone knows I’m gay if that bathroom story isn’t true.”
Sherlock’s heart flutters hotly, and he leans forward to brush another kiss across John’s mouth. The breeze off the ocean dances across their skin, leaving shivers, and Sherlock leans down to pull a blanket up over them, holding John closer in his arms.
“Cancer.”
John’s face is burning. Sherlock’s lips feel hot and filthy in his ear, pouring streams of shivers down his side and across his spine as he grips him from behind. His long fingers trace the length of John’s erection – holding and caressing the throbbing skin, skimming gently along the veins, brushing with an aching touch just across the slit. John looks down through the ripples caused by Sherlock’s hand and sees precome leaking from the tip of his penis and slowly dissipating into the ocean water in a long, opaque stream, swirling gently in the waves caused by Sherlock’s restless hand on his body.
on the fifth place. Except I said it all in French. And she didn’t hear a word I said, it was too quick for her to understand, but she looked at me, and she said, ‘Thank you! How old are you?’ Because, even then, my hair was a bit silver, right? And then she started apologizing, oh god, so sorry, I don’t know why I said that, my brain is all a fog, and I said I would tell her my age if she went with me to get the dinner nearby.”
He held the torn and faded photograph in his quiet ten-year-old hands as they drove while his younger brother asked every fifteen minutes whether they could stop to find a Dairy Queen for a frostee. He closed his eyes and leaned back against the hot leather seat and imagined what the water near Pearl Harbor would sound like crashing against the shore, with the wind in the palm trees and the crystal blue waves and the way the soft, warm sand would feel different than prairie dust against his bare toes. Imagined a velvet beach covered in a blanket of shiny white pearls.
“See?” Sherlock suddenly says to John, as if Greg isn’t there. “I told you you should have checked in on him instead of just worrying about me. He’s even sadder now than when we visited the course together before Opening Ceremony.”
“Aw, come on. Just a quick dinner! You have to eat regardless. It won’t affect the Finals!”
It’s the wave that threatens to drown him, cloud over his vision and take over his mind. The wave that lifts a finger and mocks him for being a grown man, lying on his bed and remembering the time his
John huffs and looks away, heart pounding in his chest. “Nobody’s that optimistic.”
“That’s not fair. You know that’s not fair.” John doesn’t realize until it’s too late that he’s already dropped the bundle of clothes to the ground. He stands naked at the opposite end of the house, wanting to crumple and scream.
“Come on,” John hears himself muttering, his own body disintegrating into the noise, everything fading to nothing but Sherlock’s skis, his poles, the two little strips of pale skin John thinks he can see between his goggles and his bandana. “Come on, Sherlock. Come on . . .”
John’s running before he even notices what he’s doing. He’s running towards Sherlock, white shirt plastered to his skin and dripping with saltwater, seaweed wrapped threateningly around his thighs and calves. His chest is heaving as he pushes his wet hair back from his face, stepping back so the two trained surfers can kneel in the mud and make sure Dickie’s ok. Sherlock’s eyes are blown wide open, mouth taut, and as John nears him he suddenly realizes what Sherlock must be thinking of as he watches the two men check Dickie’s airway and try and force air into his lungs. How he must be seeing John lying there limp in the wet sand, wet lips slowly turning blue.
Even the words somehow look small and young. Lost.
“How did I ever last living on my own the last seven years without you to remind me that fruit exists?” Sherlock peels the banana open anyways and takes a bite.
,” John had texted him earlier that evening, when Sherlock had let him know he and Greg had a course-run-through meeting to attend at their usual dinner time.
Hundreds of people wait with shaking limbs for Duke O’Brien to let them all know he’s still alive out in the depths of the ocean. Finally, after ten full seconds, he does. The crowd lets out a chorus of sighs, groans, cheers, whistles, as O’Brien climbs unsteadily back onto his board, chest heaving as he gives a quick wave to the shore. He knows his chance is over. All eyes turn to John.
Kissed.
“I’ve come to cut you out, John,” he says.
And he’s about to spectacularly let him down now, isn’t he? Let them all down. A lifetime of work, nearly four years of coaching, and he’s about to let the skiing darling of the world down.
It goes like that for three weeks. Most times he stays away with the sheep for two nights at a time, his bag filled with barely a half-day’s worth of food. Then he comes back hungrier’n hell for breakfast, and sleeps half the day in the middle of camp, and cooks up a supper for both of us years better than I could ever manage and that he only eats a bite of. Then he cups his palms and holds the world in his hands and passes it over to me bit by bit, lookin’ at me wide eyed like he can’t believe I want to take all the pieces from him.
Greg laughs despite himself. “I would love to see the script for our relationship. And have a word with who wrote it.”
Holmes raises his eyebrows in a silent question. Watson shakes his head.
today. Not
The love affair began with physics.
They both pause, Simon holding Watson by the shoulders. Watson’s knees look ready to buckle.
. To be overcoming and having this life now.”
From the slight sheen in Greg’s eyes now, he must feel the same.
Sherlock’s lips shake as he whispers. “I don’t – John, please – I don’t know what to do if you leave.”
Their eyes lock.
Scotty lets out a single laugh, low and brusque. “I think this entire island would line up to disagree with you there,” he says, the sarcasm not quite hiding a deeper darkness.
Watson, chuckling and shaking his head: “God, he’s going to lord this over me for years. . .”
And then:
“I’m not like you, John,” he says out to the water. “I can’t just turn it off once we drive off down the mountain after a horseback ride and a high-altitude fuck. You have no idea how bad it gets.” He turns to look at me with tears in his eyes.
“Fucking him. He couldn’t throw you off. And your arms were bulging.”
“Did they tell you anything I don’t already know or can’t work out myself?” Sherlock asks.
“Something I haven’t told you,” John says, only realizing what he’s about to say as it comes out of his mouth. “I called James, actually. Sholto. Right before your Final. I told him about the three of us. I trust him completely, with my life—well, as you know. And it . . . it felt . . .”
“You want me to be a friend, not a coach,” Scotty says, eyes narrowed.
“Spoons?” Greg feels he could laugh if there wasn’t a panicked sort of frustration rising up in his throat. “
, then
Immediately, John rocks back, then flings himself forward with his poles, his monoski carving a deep rut, slicing the ice. “Too late, I can’t!” he yells a few seconds later, echoing up the mountain.
Johnny doesn’t even turn to look at him as he flips him off.
. And she hadn’t been overwhelmed at all. She’d been alive.
John hadn’t had time to process in the chaos of it all that nobody had even noticed him stepping out of the same cab. That even with a sea of autograph-hunters and journalists and cameras, he hadn’t even needed to use Sherlock’s lie.
Greg rests his cheek in John’s hair; he doesn’t let Sherlock look away. Sherlock braces himself for the inevitable plea for Sherlock to leave them and let Greg and John be alone tonight. For them to be allowed to retreat into the world where ‘
Sherlock’s voice rumbles in his ear as his other hand grips at John’s chest, holding him close. “Can you imagine,” he breathes, “if you were sliding your cock into my ass?”
That night by the fire he tells me in between sips of whiskey that the secretary in the Amarillo police station’s been pushin’ him to step out with her for months. I think of him – taller’n hell cowboy in a clean pressed dark shirt hugging his chest, lean legs in dark washed Levi’s, taking his hat off his silk curls and clear blue eyes sparkling as he steps into the police station and I don’t blame her for wantin’ that one bit.
John wants to punch himself in the face. He holds his ground, feeling wild and desperate. Unleashed. “Well what else am I supposed to believe when you ask what you can do for me to somehow goad me into staying?”
The nurse strengthens his resistance, and John takes a deep breath and presses up even harder.
John feels a stab in his chest at the way unspoken words seem to follow his sentence, “
I grin back. “It is,” I agree. “It’s all him.”
“You’re thinkin’,” he accuses.
,” Greg murmurs, shooting a pained smile down at his feet.
My hand shakes on the smooth wooden railing, sturdy and overlooking the roaring ocean down below. The sky above me melts into pinks and purples. It drips down slowly like melting clouds into the frothy waves. Drips down over my thin and wrinkled skin, shivering in the evening air.
Unlike Greg.
Now, twenty minutes later, John follows along in Chris’s footsteps in the sand, Sherlock’s presence next to him flowing out to cover every inch of his skin. John can smell him in the air, feel ghosts of his warm touch still hovering on his face and hands, taste the words from his lips on the thin ocean breeze, mixed with a frothing layer of salt.
Holmes rolls his eyes and huffs again, but the radio cuts in before anyone else can respond.
She reaches into frame and hands Watson an iPad, with footage clearly keyed up already on the screen. It appears to be an interior shot of the hangar. Watson frowns as he takes the iPad, looks up once more at the interviewer, then settles in his seat and presses play. He holds the iPad carefully in his hands, as if he isn’t used to working like that with technology. We can no longer see the screen.
They know exactly what to do, and all we can do is wait.
Greg puts his hand on Molly’s shoulder and nods. “We’ll see you guys tomorrow?”
But anyway, when you find your home, and you
“Dr. Watson can you hear us? Are you ok?”
I stumble out into the moonlit kitchen on watery legs and lean over the sink, tryin’ to catch my breath. There’s a little patter of feet behind me, then a warm, sticky hand reaching up for my waist. Alma Jr. always comes to stand with me in the kitchen on the black nights. She’ll stand and stand there for near two hours in silence until I finally feel as I can pick her up and hold her without my brain thinking she’s a mud covered enemy needin’ to get shot through the chest.
Sherlock looks one-thousand times happier than he did in the photos John’s seen of him with his Vancouver Silver. “I know,” Sherlock says with a smirk across his mouth. His hand slips below the waistband of John’s briefs to grab his ass, kneading the muscle, and John groans at the touch.
John hums. “You haven’t called me that in a long time, you know,” he whispers. “J.”
Cut back to Holmes, leaning against the same kitchen counter, alone in the room.
“Enough experience you say – but he hasn’t even been pro a whole season.”
Anyway, those pages filled up with his chicken-scratch hand may end up lost to the roving decades. Become scraps of old trees torn apart across the million-year-old plains. Fresh kindling for the next wave of humanity. Artifacts for the aliens.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes,” Sherlock calls back over his shoulder. “It is indeed mature of me to put my Olympic training over some unnecessary romp in the—”
Because of course it’s not there. They told me I wouldn’t need that here either. And wasn’t that the whole point of Visiting in the first place? But still I reach for it and I miss it and I trip forward hard, face first straight into a bloke who looks like he could beat the shit out of me, spilling half his beer over his hand.
The warm breeze weaves through the seashells hanging from the eaves, gently clinking in the wind and mixing with the steady soft hush of the restless ocean. He twiddles the screwdriver in his hand and tries to think. He could eat now, or he could take a nap, or he could get a practice run in down in Waimea. He could go for a swim, or he could start on the project for his next client sitting up at Chuck Hobbes’ place, or he could sit there and close his eyes and remember the precise color of John Watson’s eyes in the moonlight just moments after he’d orgasmed, clinging tightly to Sherlock’s shoulders and covering him with the warm weight of his body.
his brain supplies. John frowns as he looks out the window, the foliage and rolling hills fading into a blur. No, the landscape is just beautiful. That’s all. Even someone as fucked up as him can appreciate that. Even he can feel relaxed by it.
Greg elbows him in the ribs. “You are lucky you’re beautiful,
. He takes two unsteady steps forward, his eyes wide and fixed on the screen rising above the distant peaks. It isn’t over. John could still . . .
John remembers the first day he decided to go without his wetsuit top in front of Greg. It was one month after they met, and it was terrifying. The whole night before he’d been nauseous just thinking about it. Lying in the back of the little station wagon listening to the crickets and the waves, convincing himself to just suck it up and do it and then talking himself back down from making the biggest mistake of his life and pushing away the only true friend he’d made since Billy Murray. He didn’t know how Greg felt about it all – about the war and the politics and the soldiers coming home to tree trunks without yellow ribbons and brains that thought cars backfiring were machine guns in the middle of Sunset Boulevard.
When I finally do see him coming clear over the crystal horizon my lungs give a sigh of relief – whether because he’s alive or because he ain’t quit the job on me and left the sheep I don’t know. I haven’t thought about much since he’s been gone – just let my bones and body meld in time with the mountains around me, breathing in the icy green and lettin’ the ribbons of pollen and campfire ash wrap themselves through the threads of my clothes. I’m pissed off now that he’s here. Only a day and a half and I’d grown mighty used to being well and truly alone. It makes a dark part of me glad to see the dark circles under his eyes, like he ain’t slept a wink either night he was gone.
I think I can admit here that I’m worried for him. He has access to the top doctors who actually know more than a rat’s ass about this sort of thing, no small thanks to Mycroft, but still. I worry.
“I can feel you,” he whispers. His voice is breathless. Awed. He rubs his cheek along my back as he reaches around and touches me. And we moan into each other until our pleasure explodes, and all I can hear when we come together is my name, precious and whispered in his voice against my skin.
She shrugs her shoulders helplessly and looks down at her hands. “I care about him,” she says, and she sounds incredibly sorry.
Greg drags his tongue up the web of scarring over John’s shoulder, huffing wet breath over the places he knows John can feel as hot tingles working their way through the numb skin. “And what else?”
I force myself to meet his gaze, and almost gasp when I realize he isn’t joking. His eyes are calm and steady. Earnest. “His men will be back soon,” he says. “It’s now or never.”
Again, John only nods. Sherlock can feel his internal panic rising. The desperate need to say something,
by discordantwords
Greg had gently wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s chest, pulling him close.
I grab Nurse Hooper’s hand and startle her, leaning forward onto the rickety table in my haste and spilling fat drips of her coffee. “Please, I need you to find my nurse,” I say. “Please, tell her it’s urgent.”
“No. I mean surf for Helen.”
, maybe more than anything, for John Watson, I would wish that for him.”
We’re stayin’ in a cabin in the middle of January – buddy of mine from a job inherited it from his in-laws and thinks I’m using it with my family for the holiday. Sherlock brings a bottle of wine that probably costs more than my rent and all the fixings to make a late Christmas dinner. He always got more money than me, on account of not having any children or wife to pay for.
“And you beat this miserable fucker back in Los Angeles too!”
Greg blinks. Three entire seconds have passed on the shining red clock since he trailed off from his last sentence. Sherlock’s knee bumps against his own as he fake-fidgets on the couch.
Watson, strained: “Do you think I’m insane? I mean, we’re all a bit insane, to do this job, but. . .”
“It’s not in my fucking pocket. Jesus Christ, you’re impossible.”
“Mmm,
I’d seen the scars on his back before, the day after he came back. He’d needed my help to dress them, and after wanting to crash my palms through a pane of shattered glass in order to unleash my internal grief and pain at seeing them, I helped him without a word. After all, he was alive.
Sherlock shakes his head against the unwelcome thought and awkwardly grips his hands behind his back to stop them from clapping. John can’t see him now anyways, not anymore. Sherlock steps back into the crowd from the empty stretch of beach and wills himself to fade back into the masses, slipping down his aviators and silently thrilling that, for once, nobody is looking at him. He tries to catch a glimpse of golden hair through the huddle in front of him – a smooth, tan forearm or a flash of stormy blue eyes. But all he can see is a thronging sea of bare backs and board shorts and beards. Not the forehead he’d fallen asleep with his lips pressed against, or the hands that had gripped his curls and cupped his cheek as Sherlock had settled between his legs and kissed the most secret part of his skin.
Their rough, low voices sound crisp in the intimate darkness. Etched permanently into the air of the house and set apart from the rest of the world churning on just outside the windows. John smirks, running his thumb gently across Sherlock’s chin. “Good. That way you’ll remember me when the saltwater gets in it and stings so you don’t do anything too stupid today.”
Sherlock hums. John thinks he’s going to go on with the story of the tattoo. Instead, Sherlock says, simply, “You’re gay too.”
We sure as hell hadn’t talked about whether we should warn Alma Jr. she was about to let her baby girl have Sunday supper with a ghost.
A woman dressed head-to-toe in the Canadian flag gapes at him. “Are you . . . are you really . . . it’s just that I couldn’t believe it was . . .” She squeals. “Could I
Something tells me she done spent more time with Kurt in a year than I spent with Sherlock in twenty.
I look at him over my shoulder. “That’s the stupidest fucking name I ever heard,” I say.
The blood drains from his cheeks, his mouth hanging stupidly open in shock. It’s humiliating; he feels naked in front of the world, all eyes on him when they should be on—
I go ahead and set up camp. He’s never been late before, always here and settled in an hour before I even pull up, but it ain’t hard for me to see how he coulda been distracted by something or another on the drive here. I think back to when his young lean body would leap up from the campfire and burst off mid-sentence into the wilderness ‘cus he seen something he wants to check out closer, leavin’ me behind to shake my head and pass the time staring at the sky until he returns with a handful of owl pellets or bird feathers or rocks or some such nonsense.
But Lahela had been proud of him, hadn’t she? She’d stood tall and looked at him with pride and called his surfing
And still, every single time he got back in his truck, and he shook it all out, and he went back to work to provide for your momma—her and her sister and your Grandma. He took your momma to the new pool a few towns over. He asked her how was school.
The fingers holding the carabiner twitch: “Be sixteen next week, I believe.”
And I feel like an idiot. Pathetic and young. Because the thought of never seeing him again in my life shouldn’t leave me feeling so tiny and cold – withering away as the cancer gnaws numbly at my bones. Stripped bare and raw.
“In this exact lighthouse?” I ask.
I feel sick.
He tilts his head, as if he knew the question was coming. He sniffs hard, just once, and the fingers of his left hand clench. He runs his right hand over his wrist, soothing the muscle.
“You show your thoughts on your face.”
“He committed an armed robbery, don’t worry.”
The cut on his forehead throbs as he looks up to the full, bright sun, and he winces as the dull ache makes its way behind his eyes. He hadn’t even ended up needing stitches – head wounds always bleed ten fucking buckets more than you’d think they would from the size of it. It’s just a tiny line now, barely visible unless you knew it was there. The ache remains, though, to remind him. Remind him that he had bullets shot at him halfway across the world and yet the thing that almost did him in was a puny little tide pool on a sunny Laguna Beach shore, right in the familiar safety of broad daylight.
Greg blinks as the image on the screen looming behind them flashes in a whirl of CGI snow into a photograph of the Super-G medal ceremony from Vancouver—Greg on top with the Gold, pulling up the Silver and Bronze winners onto his step with his arms around their shoulders. Greg tries not to frown when he realizes he doesn’t even remember who the Bronze was—a skier from Poland? Russia? Or was he an American?
Because of course she was confused. No one wants to visit Union Hospital. It’s the only hospital left in the world where people go to die and not be cured. The last frontier.
It surprises Sherlock; a puff of warm air escapes from the back of his throat, and John swallows it down.
Johnny clearly thinks he doesn’t remember what happened on the pier. No human being has ever been more wrong in their life. Sherlock remembers exactly what happened on the pier. He remembers the way his breath caught in his throat, and his bottom lip dropped open, and his heart felt like it would explode on the spot. Remembers Johnny emerging from the crowd like a lighthouse through the fog.
3. I did basic research on the medical stuff, but I'm sure there are still some errors to the trained eye. If there's something glaring, you can let me know in a private message.
He’d looked at the waves out of his apartment window just the way he always used to before – watched them rush into shore and splash over the early morning surfers and afternoon children and evening lovers who waded out into the water off Hermosa. But the thought of grabbing his board and running out into those waves when he knew Sherlock was waiting for him never to return to Oahu had felt like wanting to take a sip of strawberry milkshake and instead getting a mouthful of sand.
Then John hovers over him, turning Sherlock’s jaw with his steady hand so he can reach his mouth by practiced feel. Warm, steady lips press confidently against his own, and a mouth trails across his, sucking once at his lower lip. A warm nose traces along his cheek.
It’s begun.
There wasn’t time for “sir, yes, sir!” when the order came to
“I’m far from the only ex-military here,” he says in an overly-casual voice. “I think if that were all that was necessary to have the drive to win, we’d all win the Gold. We’re all on the same mountain, so to speak.”
Greg’s eyes fill with tears as he looks back at John’s face on the screen—at the way the entire earth is falling at his feet, the sun illuminating his golden hair, the strength in his legs.
I stare up at her in wonder. “How did you ---? How ---?”
He doesn’t even really remember what he says in response when Maxine and Ron throw endless thanks at him again once they’re seated in the very front row of of the disability seating with a limitless view. The snow is so close up it nearly burns his eyes.
“Hm, you’d like that, would you? I will if you pose like that poster again—”
It fades to black.
They’d sat down on Sherlock’s Village bed, crowded on the tiny mattress, and on silent agreement, Greg had picked up Sherlock’s iPad and pulled up John’s footage, not commenting on the fact that Sherlock already had it saved as an internet tab.
It's just him, and his board, and the water. No crowd at his back, or wetsuit covering his skin. No time limits or post-surf work shift or tiny airless apartment waiting for him alongside the long stretch of traffic and smog and skyline.
I jump when Sherlock finally speaks. I had done near forgotten he was even there, save for the warm press of his arm against mine through his flannel shirt.
I go to tell him all of his, but then we’re soaring down the road, laughing and wind whipping and flying across the hills. Breathing in the salt sea as his curls brush my cheeks.
Because there he’d been, spending the afternoon re-memorizing John’s racing stats, assuming that this interview would be nothing but a professional duty, a transaction of sorts. Preparing to make some sort of statement by walking in with only two minutes to spare. Fussing over his hair. Pouting over his misfortune.
He’s not going to last. With a gasp he pulls off, rubbing John’s penis against his cheek. “Fuck John I can’t – shit I’m gonna come. I’m gonna come.”
Sherlock huffs through his nose. “A little trick I’ve learned called ‘looking at his face’. Plus he got himself off last night while I told him about you holding him down.”
John cuts him off, but Greg had the distinct, sinking impression that Sherlock had been about to say the word ‘you.’
Sherlock doesn’t meet his eyes and shrugs. “Can’t force me to give away all my secrets, can you? Anyways we’re wasting time. You have the day off today, judging by the general lack of ‘dead man walking’ about you this morning, but you’re still hoping to spend the afternoon with him after he gets off his early shift and I’m hoping we can fit in the whole run before we bake in the sun and smog. So, ready?”
The interviewer shifts uncomfortably in her seat. We know what’s coming next.
The flicker I see through his eyes is such a great, heaving sadness that it nearly knocks me breathless. Then in a flash it’s gone. Replaced by something calm and warm, the smooth, uncomplicated emotion of desire.
Somehow we both know that this is how things are gonna go for the summer. We trade off every couple days who has to go and be with the sheep. Those days apart feel longer’n hell. Every night we sit leaning against each other by the fire and tell each other the days of our lives one by one, tradin’ stories and barbs, smokes and alcohol. He’s a wild one. He leaps cross all different conversation topics, and jumps up in the middle of me talkin’ to go run into the trees and investigate something or other, tells me I’m an idiot and a genius all in the same breath. He’s a rude little bastard when he puts his mind to it, but then I remember that I can be a prickly, closed off son of a bitch with a bullet scar on my chest, and I feel bad for ever thinking he ain’t the greatest friend I ever had.
It’s also the part of him that he had willingly hurled out into the sea, knowing that Sherlock Holmes’ arm would be there to steady him if he fell. John listens to the voice telling him to run out there into the waves like a man listening idly to the radio. And then he shuts off the station, and thinks of the look on Sherlock’s face when they’d placed the lei of flowers around his own neck, and suddenly the need to go out there and prove himself, to feel the rush of danger in his veins, fades away to a soft, clear mist. He takes in a deep breath of bighting wind and buries his toes deeper into the sand. He looks back over towards the surfers once last time, and he immediately locks eyes with Sherlock. John nods, gesturing out towards the sea with a look he hopes means,
-Apologies to all teenage boy snowboarders from California who I have besmirched with this representation.
Johnny’s hair ripples softly in the breeze, glinting in the shimmering, grey light of sunrise. His legs underneath a short pair of red running shorts are steady and loose, completely devoid of all their usual thick tension. Sherlock clenches his fist against the imaginary urge to run his fingers through the soft, blonde hair covering sturdy, tan skin. The breeze picks up, blowing locks of frizzy curls over Sherlock’s eyes. By the time he successfully sweeps his hair back from his face, Johnny’s standing beside him, looking out at the ocean.
“You all heard of Johnny. He just won the Billabong,” Sherlock says, chin high.
Tweets and various up-to-the-minute news headlines scroll past him in a blur:
John starts to nod, then frowns. “What? Er, no, just . . . I know one of the skiers . . . in Super—”
He smirks and rubs a palm over his chin, looking off over the camera. Then he tilts his head.
When I pull back Sherlock cups my cheek in his hand and moves forward to kiss me. My body pulls me in like a magnet before I can push him off me and step back to breathe. His eyes look hurt until he sees the truck behind me. Somehow he knows it’s not empty. I walk over to the rolled down window and hear him followin’ behind.
As always, a huge thank you for reading! To all of you who have been commenting so far, you have no idea how much it means to me to hear your kind feedback and encouragement. Seriously.
But there aren’t words. Just like Wilma was always telling us—we don’t have words, and I don’t reach out and take his hand under the wide open sun, and he don’t kiss me where anyone else can see.
” he says, even though it’s painful, because they’d been on their way to relax and laugh and enjoy each other’s company, to give Sherlock good luck kisses, to finally be
The blades roar in a comforting hum.
And it had sliced through John’s heart, a clean chop of a blade through muscle. And his world had changed.
Hintley’s tires rumble across the wooden planks behind us, shaking the foundations of the dark and empty pier. With a grunt the stranger suddenly whips the handlebars hard to the left and screeches us to a stop with a smoking scream from the tires, nearly hurling me from the backseat as I clutch fully around his waist, face buried deep in his hair. Without stopping to breathe he leaps from the motorbike, drawing something small from his pocket.
This time we roll down every window in the van, right after I make my way down the hallway past bed after bed of confused stares. Nobody congratulates me. They don’t even know.
John cries out from deep in his chest, hand on the wall shaking. Sherlock’s lips suck and kiss over his fluttering hole, leaving him wet and open and aching. John’s buttocks aches gently where Sherlock’s thumbs hold him open, pressing around his rim to make room for his lightly stubbled cheeks rubbing roughly against his sensitive skin as he licks. John fights the urge to reach back and grab the back of Sherlock’s head and shove him deeper into his ass, needing to feel every inch of Sherlock’s mouth against his body.
“John,” Sherlock breathes, the only word he remembers.
“Simple,” Sherlock says. “Say nothing at all. It’s not our obligation to disclose what’s private. The people know whatever they need to know—let them enjoy the mystery. Soon something else scandalous will happen and the rumors will die down and people will move on. Back to normal.”
John gazes at him and nods, wanting to close his eyes at the sound of that voice echoing on the surface of water trapped between their bodies. He swims behind Scotty until they can stand up to their navels out of the water, expecting Scotty to continue to walk towards the shore.
The gates in Super-G are spaced further apart than in the other alpine events Slalom and Giant Slalom (yes, really really), so the skiers don't have to make as sharp of turns, which allows Super-G skiers to reach much higher speeds, similar to speeds reached in the Downhill event where the gates are even *farther* apart. Super-G is basically 'Downhill Lite'. Competitors ski two runs in the finals, and the fastest combined time wins gold.
“Ten . . . nine . . .”
and he’d heard John’s perfect lips forming the sounds of his name –
Cut back to Holmes, outside on the helipad. He shoves his hands deeper into his pockets against a chill in the wind.
He turns to John. John is looking at him like he isn’t on camera in front of the world. Like this isn’t the second time in all of history that they’ve touched intimately where others can see. Like Sherlock didn’t put him through hell by making him wait alone in the shadows, wondering whether he’d show up.
John sighs and looks back, resigned to hear whatever new wild excuse or explanation Scotty has at the ready – perfectly designed to goad and convince him into doing this stupid thing anyway. He raises his eyebrows at Scotty to continue.
“I thought we established earlier that you’ve never been a failure,” Sherlock says, a bit breathlessly.
Cut jarringly back to Watson sitting in the hangar. We realize it is a continuation from the interview before, where Watson explained how he followed his gut feeling from the army on the way to the pass in the helicopter with Gerold.
He sighs, and we follow his gaze as it slowly scans the distant wall of rising peaks, shining blindingly in the bright sun.
But instead, to his surprise, John waits for Greg to look up at him before giving a deeply serious nod.
“Believe the last time I saw you you was just a little thing in John here’s truck,” he says, voice calm as a clear sky, as a wide open meadow in the summer breeze. Smooth as a whiskey spring.
“Come on, Johnny, you owe us some hang time,” he says, wrapping an arm around John’s shoulders. Sherlock wants to cough. Loudly.
I clear my throat. “Yeah, I guess so.”
He can only hear his own breath like a howling, ghostlike whisper through the silence. Can only feel the thumping beat of his own blood to keep the time. Flashes from the stands appear like shooting stars in his peripheral vision through his goggles. Flags like a field of wildflowers, waving in a breeze. And somewhere out there, John knows, a beanie over soft curls, and sun-kissed silver hair . . .
“You don’t understand,” I say. I struggle to find the right words. The right way to say, “he brought me back from the dead” without sounding like an absolute lunatic. The right way to say, “he almost kissed me and I
And John had opened the door with a shaking hand, and seen Greg looking at him like it was just any other morning, and thought that maybe, just maybe, Greg had been just drunk enough not to remember any of it at all.
I go home and yell at Alma until she finally yells at me back. Her raised voice soothes out the itch under my skin, makes me feel like my world ain’t weighted off kilter, evens everything out so I can stand with one foot in Signal and one back on Baker for just a little while longer, a little while longer. Two weeks after I come back from being up on Baker we go and have sex. It’s hit or miss whether I can finish. She never does.
Sherlock stands stunned in the sand. His brain feels like it’s churning through thick, wet mud, dragging him back and slowing him down. He watches until her form, familiar and alien, disappears behind the line of trees. Swallowed up by the dusty green of the island.
The camera focuses on a pair of tan hands tracing the smooth edges of a thick carabiner.
Greg laughs. “You did not tell to me you said it was a terminal situation.”
A scratchy voice, filled with static: “Viva Echo Sierra One Nine?”
“Your orgasm has left you incapable of thinking up cleverer insults, apparently. Hop on.”
Greg knows it’s too late to hide the flash of emotion across his face. “
John had gasped awake and stared at the ceiling with greying vision, heart pounding, and once he finally convinced himself that Sherlock was safe and alive next to him, he realized that the ache in his shoulder was real. Pain radiating out from where Sherlock’s head was pressing down onto him, heavy with sleep. John had tried and failed for almost an hour to look down at Sherlock’s soft and vulnerable face and not picture it pale and draped with seaweed, floating endlessly in the depths of the sea like a ghost. Swallowed up whole by the deep.
And Greg would have to see.
Holmes’ voice: “Of course, my brother, in all his wisdom, decided to break his wrist on the second day. Cue the helicopter, the stretcher, the red jumpsuits, all the dramatics.”
And all the while, Sherlock has been pretending he isn’t wearing his own mask whenever he watches Greg wince as he sits down, or Greg grit his teeth as he pushes off to ski by Sherlock’s side. Pretending he isn’t absolutely sick to his stomach at the thought that Greg is in pain, all because of him, and that Greg changes the subject to course times or Sherlock’s bruises or John bloody Watson whenever Sherlock tries to ask if his knee is alright.
Watson: “Anyway, to answer the unspoken question: yes. They lived.”
Greg’s hands tighten on the wheel. He drives and drives until they leave the buildings far behind them, surrounded by snow on their way past the now-abandoned luge course.
She licks her lips. She don’t move any closer to him outside, and she don’t look once at me.
John’s lips brush across his cheek. “You thrill me. Fascinate me. Bewilder me . . .”
Holmes pushes Watson away on the couch and rises to his feet, arms crossed over his chest.
” she’d explained again, adjusting the Device on my forehead. “
, it is too cold for this,” Greg says in his normal, animated voice. He grins back at John and nods towards the van Greg borrowed to drive them there. “Let us get you two back to your night. I have had my moment—”
He hears John sigh. “Yeah, guess not.” He feels heat along his side as John approaches him, legs just inches from Sherlock’s shoulder. When he doesn’t move to sit, Sherlock sighs inwardly and stands, meeting him chest to chest. He has the sudden, blinding desire to see the true color of John’s eyes one last time, and he slowly removes his sunglasses and folds them over his shirt, pretending he doesn’t notice John’s raised eyebrows.
I wipe my glasses off on the bottom of my plain button-down shirt, then wrap my cardigan tighter around myself. I wore dark colors this time – nothing special. Easier to fade back into the walls of the streets, pass the time by invisible until I can leave.
“You helped him. Love, listen to me, you helped—”
He’ll conquer the tallest waves on earth tomorrow. Gut strong and hands steady and neck held high, flinging himself down into the spray from the heavens, fighting against the great heaving force of the water and foam. He’ll do it because John Watson’s blue eyes will be seeking him out from the sand. And he knows that they will be. They definitely, unequivocally will.
is only taking the tiniest, bird-size nibbles of his toast, drinking tea made of eighty-percent sugar while watching John out of the corner of his eye with a sharp, calculating glance. Probably counting the bites and the sips of tea, just like Greg is. Cataloguing them away in that huge brain of his to bring up later at the
Maybe you still think all that silence ain’t natural. That it’s odd you never to this day have seen us hug or kiss. But I think you of all people don’t doubt us, all the same. I hope to God, little one, that you don’t.
I say, “Yes.” Then add, “Please.”
I take a second to slip back into bein’ daddy, shed off the stranger I become when I’m up in the mountains with Sherlock and remember who Alma Jr. thinks I am.
I cover my face with my hands. Feel wet cheeks. I open my mouth to call out his name with a moan. I start to make the sounds.
But I was also hurting, little one. Hurting for your granddaddy. And he was gracious to you, he was, in his quiet answers. Told you as how he was just confused, and afraid, and that he didn’t really know what all of it meant. Not for a long time.
One of the paramedics has pulled the bandana off Sherlock’s face, then stabilizes his neck with his hands while they wait for a brace to be fitted. Another paramedic slowly removes Sherlock’s helmet, and the crowd gasps when Sherlock’s eyes remain closed, when his head lolls back into the paramedic’s hands, completely limp.
A distant door suddenly slams. Beyond the thin walls of the locker room, out in the hallway, quick footsteps sound. Ski boots smacking across laminate. Voices of two athletes animatedly speaking in Portuguese as they walk by.
Sherlock opens his eyes again to catch the tail end of That Look between Greg and John—the look that makes him feel like they’re his put-upon parents at their absolute wits end, wondering whether to ignore him or publicly scold him or both.
I go to ask what she means when suddenly her long fingernail is trailing down the side of my face, down my cheek. It feels nothing like Sherlock Holmes’ cold fingertips cradling the ache on my forehead. Nothing like him.
He hasn’t felt nervous, or guarded, or giddy. Hasn’t wanted or hoped. Hasn’t gone to say or do something and then pulled back with a terrified internal halt.
.” Then the two of them had simply responded with the beautiful sound of his murmured name. With soft, wet lips on his chest. His palms. His scars.
Watson, shaking his head: “You knew I was saving that to eat after I finished cleaning up, prat.”
But John had shaken his head, laughed once at himself, then handed Sherlock his mobile in the dark. “
“He ran off the second that horrifying interview was over.”
Sherlock doesn’t want to leave the car. When he does, he’ll have to be Scotty Holmes. John will separate from him and pretend they didn’t just arrive together, and John will be surrounded by surfers from all over the world wishing him luck and catching up on the latest news and gossip and warming up together and sitting together to strategize. And meanwhile Sherlock will be off to the sidelines with his sunglasses on, dodging all the shocked looks he knows he’ll get when word spreads he isn’t surfing this year, trying to avoid fangirls and ass-kissers and rivals all at once by looking as unapproachable as possible.
"I've never talked to anyone about the war. Ever."
James Sholto isn’t silent long enough for him to figure it out.
John throws back his head and barks out a laugh. “You made peanut butter and jelly sandwiches at three o’clock in the morning just so you could have enough time to have sex with me?”
John looks like he’s about to answer, but Sherlock beats him to it. “Look, I must say I believe I’ve already apologized as much as could be expected. I won’t stoop to grovelling. And quite frankly, unique circumstances and my impulsivity aside, I’ve grown to feel I shouldn’t have to apologize for celebrating at an Olympic finish line.”
John starts to shake his head. “I couldn’t –”
John shakes his head and huffs out a wet breath, then meets Sherlock’s gaze and forces his own voice to work.
Sherlock sees it. He slowly relaxes his jaw, then gives a smile to Rick and Sonya that anyone but Greg would deem undeniably pleasant and warmly approachable.
Watson, ignoring him, and suddenly more serious: “Actually, when . . . when I found him, when I got separated from the rest of my unit, there was fog rolling in. A terrible storm. I couldn’t see a thing. But I was still trying to search, right? I knew they had to be close – the climbers. It was our mission.”
“Timing just wasn’t right. I need to focus on Waimea.”
He runs his warm hands up and down my arms and breathes life into my skin. Slowly peels off my layers and unbuttons my shirt and looks at me like he can’t even believe I exist. Here, in his arms, in his home. Here in Time.
He pauses, then looks hard at Holmes, seeming to watch the rise and fall of his chest. Holmes doesn’t fidget.
He told me to be strong, he did. And I didn’t have the words to beg him for some of his strength, because I didn’t have enough of my own. It’s hard to speak when the bravest man on earth believes that you can be strong.
bedroom. Sherlock’s brain shivers at the thought.
I almost call out his name again as I sprint to the doorway, then I gasp and stop in my tracks when I suddenly see him. He’s elegant and beautiful, standing just outside the open door with the warm breeze blowing through his hair. He isn’t lying limp on the floor in the darkness. He’s wearing a fresh, clean suit, and his eyes are blown wide.
“Gorgeous man, we’re all jetlagged. Come on.”
John feels gutted. He gazes helplessly into the little droplets of ocean and takes a step closer, feeling Scotty’s fingertips trail lightly at his collarbone. He licks his lips. His body is pulsing, shaking, held together only by the hands on his shoulders.
“To Oahu?”
John hasn’t replied to any of them. Especially not since he turned his mobile off yesterday afternoon, halfway through his walk back to the Village after haphazardly ripping off his skis and slinging his gear bag over his shoulder. He’d been sick to his stomach thinking that Sherlock and Greg would catch up to him in the cart, passing him as he trudged pathetically through the slush, splashing him with mud, begging him to let them drive him back.
John hadn’t realized how nervous he was that Walter would make that final connection, until relief explodes through him as he sees that Walter is utterly clueless, still staring at Sherlock and Greg with vague stars in his eyes.
And that’s when John remembers
Sherlock freezes ahead of him and turns, a frown forming between his brows. “Choose what?”
Himself. John. Man, pilot, Olympian. The relief makes him sway forward, leaning his weight on his shaking hand.
But also, what an incredibly courageous man.
the relief. You cannot imagine the relief. It was a miracle. You all witnessed a miracle on your film.”
“What Greg here is using his most elegant interview skills to try to communicate is that we
“My personal assistant,” Sherlock declares, just as John is opening his mouth to probably say something idiotic like, “
John feels his throat close up, and he looks away embarrassed as he blinks the moisture out of his eyes. Greg’s never said anything like this before, never acknowledged out loud the secret past that John keeps hidden from him, from everyone. He’s seen the scar, of course. And the limp he gets when his body hasn’t fully woken up yet. Seen them both hundreds of times in pre-dawn light as they perch side by side on their boards and wait for the next quiet set.
. . .
I’m in a fog. “But I need to go back,” I say again, desperate. “I need to tell him . . .”
Sherlock finally settles between them after a minute of readjusting pillows and blankets, enjoying the annoyed looks John and Greg trade over his head. Then he smoothes back his curls and gives a great, contented exhale. “You were saying?”
-Your Papa
“Thought you was out fishin’ this week, daddy,” she says leaning in the truck window. Her voice sounds hoarse like she ain’t used it in days. She’s always been a quiet one. I wish she didn’t have to inherit that from me – not being able to ever say nothing when it matters.
As if reading his mind, Sonya’s face grows serious. “And, of course we have to ask, how is your injury now? Are you healed?”
Sherlock moans under his breath, clinging like hell to the muscles on John’s back. The trembling strength of his shoulder blades.
“Sherlock,” Sonya says, laughing, “That might be the biggest reaction we’ve ever seen from you ever, even after a competition win!”
John grips Sherlock harder, breathing close against his scalp. Sherlock’s fingers tighten in the back of John’s favorite green coat.
“Holmes! Holmes! Holmes!” chants the crowd. Olympic trumpets blare from the speakers with the announcements of his record. Noisemakers and cowbells. “Holmes! Holmes!”
I'm around on
Sasha turns away before John can decide whether or not to correct him. He’s fairly certain he’s never been called Group Captain in this flat in a non-sexual context before, and it almost makes him feel like an imposter, a let-down of who Group Captain Watson should look like instead, the less impressive twin. He stands back while Greg runs through the small talk of traffic and weather—his accent, John notices, a bit thicker than normal, the only sign that Greg isn’t as casual as he appears. Then Sherlock takes up an almost uncomfortably long time running through their options of beverages in a not-very-subtle attempt to stall.
They step back into the Jeep and Scotty pauses, fiddling with his keys. “I don’t mind dropping you back near the airport,” he says, voice slow.
Sweat trickles down John’s neck. He hadn’t realized he
Gerold: “Of that fact, absolutely none of us, from me all the way to the newest trainee mechanic, have any doubt. There is a reason he has been able to contract himself out like he’s been doing for decades. Every rescue company knows he is the one to call. When you have an avalanche or a rescue in a crevasse. He is your man.”
John stops with his hand on the doorknob. He’s only seen those last four words in writing once before, the day he’d won his Biathlon class at the Para Alpine World Cup in Switzerland and officially qualified for the Paralympics. Greg had passed John a card across the table at their celebratory dinner with poorly-hidden tears in his eyes—a card which contained those four words from Greg, and then a brief note from Sherlock that John was somehow going to ski in the Olympics standing up on
Sherlock holds up a middle finger without looking back. “You sure as hell didn’t think my dick was irritating yesterday. Now stand there and argue all you want, but you know you want to.”
A cold wind rips across Greg’s skin, causing him to shiver. But on the screen, John looks like the sun itself as he answers her, shaking his head, “Like I was not very glad to be here. And that the snow was wet.”
I stutter and whip my head towards him. “What?”
You told us as how you were planning to spend a semester abroad, you said. You and your young man going on the same program to Japan so he can visit his own grandparents.
We fade in to Greg sitting on a slope of snow at the edge of the helipads. The red of his jumpsuit is brilliant against the faded grey and white of the distant peaks. He wraps his arms around his knees and speaks looking out in the distance.
“Fine then,” Sherlock cuts him off. John thinks he’s furious, then steals a glance and notices that Sherlock’s lips are just barely curved up at the corner, like John’s crisis out on the waves is somehow mildly amusing. It makes John want to wrap him in his arms and kiss him – gulp down a deep breath and hold him close and scream
John takes a shaking breath and finally forces himself to meet Greg’s gaze. He almost gasps. Greg’s face is soft. Patient. John realizes he isn’t angry, or jealous that John found a different friend than him, or even accusing that out of all the people it had to be that chief asshole Scotty Holmes. He’s just stating a fact,
Greg pats John’s chest in silent warning before stepping back from him, moving to turn down the sheets on the queen-sized bed as if he didn’t just learn anything revolutionary at all. As if he doesn’t realize that John Watson just did one of the bravest things in the history of the earth by telling him that he thought he was going to die today in the Olympic snow.
They take a mutual deep breath and stand before each other naked. They’ve never stood naked in front of each other before. Not like this. Not when Sherlock can let his eyes slowly wander over every inch of John’s bared body with the knowledge that his time left to look isn’t slipping through his fingers like sand. John catches his eye, a serious look on his face, and Sherlock knows that he’s thinking the same.
He looks at me like he’s startled I even talked to him. The corner of his mouth quirks up in that way it does.
I tell her “see you next month,” but she’s already up the porch steps with her bag slung over her shoulder, too far away to hear me.
Greg’s hand covers his mouth.
Now I’ve gone and rambled for the better part of these here pages, and I hear the sounds of your granddaddy knocking his boots to come back inside. He’ll need me to rub out his shoulder later. Need me to cook us some supper to end out the night.
“Me neither.”
He picks up his mobile, turns it on without looking at the screen, then dials before he has to see whether Sherlock or Greg sent him any texts since yesterday evening.
Next week: get ready to finally meet the young kid taking the Oahu shores by storm! And John finally gets to surf in the competition!
Sherlock had come back to me. My Sherlock, my One, alive. He was standing before me on my doorstep one evening as if he’d just come back from doing the fucking shopping, and he didn’t even have the courtesy of looking nervous until after I decked him square in the jaw. It was a week after that, after he had come crashing back into my life like a gigantic blimp in the sky suddenly burst open and rained down onto my head books and beakers and bergamot and blue.
“You saved my life. Thank you.”
“I . . .” he says to the other skiers, but no other words come to him, and he falters. “I’ll just . . . be a moment.”
John looks over at him and gives a tight smile. He’s nervous too. “I’m listening, genius, keep going,” he says. He reaches over and puts his hand on Sherlock’s thigh as he drives and keeps it there. Sherlock has to tear his eyes away from the sight of John’s tan fingers resting on the line between his board shorts and his skin and force himself to look back at the road.
He meets Sherlock’s eyes and swallows hard. He feels on the cusp of a decision. As if he could simply walk away right now if he chose to, even having kissed Sherlock and ground himself down over his body. As if he could go back to Los Angeles and go back to his job and have sex with women again and completely forget that the hardest he’d ever gotten in his life was when another man’s stubble-covered cheek was rubbing against his. He can see thoughts playing out across Sherlock’s pale and glittering eyes – nerves mixed with uncertainty and drowning in arousal. John reaches forward, still hovering just above Sherlock’s body, and gently brushes the hair back from Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock leans into the touch and sighs, body going limp into the blanketed sand. It’s a decision.
And Sherlock had given him a frown of complete incomprehension. “
I know that it’s time. Nurse Hooper has told me he doesn’t ever stay long in the World. It hurts him deep inside, she’d said. I turn back to the doorway and motion to them standing there. My nurse and Nurse Hooper and another man all file in, and Nurse Hooper goes straight to Sherlock’s side.
He follows John’s path, knowing Sherlock will be close behind, probably judging their technique and making notes for how to tell them to improve. Just the thought makes Greg giddy, a strange lightness he hasn’t felt since the second John came home from California and he woke up in bed, cocooned by the two of them. And speaking of beds, maybe after Sherlock finishes his training, they’ll meet back in Greg’s room. They can spend the evening in the physical intimacy he hadn’t realized how desperately he’d missed. They can express everything all over again through touch and taste and whispers. And then, when Sherlock’s asleep to be rested for his race, Greg can brush back his curls. And John can see. And John can fall asleep on his chest after Greg watches him take off his leg. And it will be the three of them again, stronger together than they are apart, as it was always meant to be.
Watson: “But, as long as this mountain is still here, people will need us. As long as I can hop up into a helicopter and carry a stretcher, I just . . . I couldn’t leave. I wouldn’t be able to, not without . . .”
Also, please enjoy the fact that I pulled a Sherlock Holmes, and after writing this entire chapter, went back to edit and realized that I had actually mixed up Greg and Gerold for about 3,000 words. OOPS.
, isn’t one John’s tried to come up with a fake answer to a hundred times already and failed.
I realize I’m still holding the single glass in my hand. For the first time in a long time, I’m reminded that Sherlock wasn’t the only one who could ever make me feel like I was back breathin’ the air up on Baker, fresh and clean in my lungs.
John smiles sad. “No, it isn’t.”
Rick clears his throat and leans in over the white noise of the crowd, restless and awaiting the now-even-more anticipated final run of the first round.
I want him to look away. “This a one-shot thing we got goin’ on here,” I say.
“You’re the one who started yelling the second we exited the soundstage!”
Who’s been calling Sherlock “Holmes” when they’re anywhere near earshot of another athlete all because Greg doesn’t want anyone to think he took
John looks back up at Scotty’s speechless face and notices for the first time the faint bruise on his cheek, just under his eye. The sight of it makes him sick to his stomach, prickling hot sweat forming up along his spine, followed by a cold shiver. He forces himself not to lick his lips, refuses to remember the wet, soft mouth against his. He’s ashamed by it now, standing in front of Scotty. Ashamed that this man dropped to his knees in the pounding spray and pushed air in his lungs only for John to interpret it as a kiss in a feverish half-daze.
,” she’d said to me with her last living breaths. “
French:
“Sherlock’s your real name?”
Patrick’s voice, through the headset: “Greg, you have got a body bag in the helicopter, yeah?”
Holmes groans from the back: “How anyone ever expected
“Is that who I think it is?” Walter says under his breath.
Sherlock flits through his thoughts and remembers closing his eyes either five seconds or five hours ago to the sensation of Greg’s lungs expanding against his lips with his steady inhale, and John’s thigh pressed up against the back of his legs. Soft whispers of goodnight. Greg’s lips pressed into his hair, whispering that he loved him. That he loved John. That their Olympics officially started tomorrow. That John for some reason thought he wouldn’t be able to talk to them again until March. Until forever.
as he holds and kisses Sherlock’s tired limbs.
When he finally looks up, however, his eyes are clear.
Sherlock quietly exhales a sigh beside him. Greg turns to look at him, casually leaning forward onto his knees, as if he’s just a calm, relaxed coach interested in what fascinatingly positive thing his skier is about to say for the at-home audience.
“Aw, enough about me. It was an honor to watch yours.” Then, “Well, my wife awaits,” he says, rolling back in the snow. “She said I wouldn’t get laid tonight if I didn’t qualify. Well, look at me now, eh?!”
Is now a good time to admit that I have never even touched a pair of skis? I don't think I've ever even been in the same room as a pair of skis. So much for "write what you know."
He meets my gaze, and his eyes are wary. Nervous and the color of the sea. We speak over the waves.
As the end of episode music swells, violins over a soothing techno beat, we cut to see Holmes walking alone in slow-motion away from the hangar. He’s dressed back in his crisp grey suit jacket from earlier, and his freshly styled curls blow in the evening breeze.
We park along the pathway lined with crumbling stone. We both take off our sunglasses, and he gently takes my hand. He leads me. I follow him silently down towards the lighthouse, breathing in the fierce wind and letting the icy salt spray numb my face. Something tells me that this place is a holy, sacred ground. Something tells me that he came here in the World.
John knows, as he takes one final minute to gather his wits standing just inside Sherlock’s door, that these are just a handful of the thousand reasons why he never texts “
John caresses the quivering skin at the back of his neck, whispering against his cheek. “I promise you I’ll figure something out.”
Sherlock grips him tighter and devours his lips on a desperate moan, like a drowning man finally finding air.
But as John looks at them both, their faces carefully blank and pleasant, and as Walter calls his name one more time, and the rest of the group cheers and whistles for him to come, John realizes that the absolute
Simon, off-screen: “They call us only in the most extreme circumstances. If the patient is missing, or unreachable. If there has been an avalanche. So, yeah, unless Holmes is out of town, I work with him.”
John’s smile, when he finally unfroze from his trance, and stood up shakily on his good leg, drawing them both towards him as he laughed, and said, “
French:
They promoted Keith Hartman after that. Shipped him off to a war office with a comfy leather chair. And John never saw him again.
Just a reminder to please heed the tags! This chapter *does* contain major character death. This fic has a happy ending, I promise, but you have been warned! Also, this fic now has 4 chapters, so we still have one more to go after this. Enjoy, and practice self care <3
“That was casual.
Your granddaddy’s face in the moments after he opened his trailer door, that day I came back to him to tell him about the ranch. Those few seconds before he recognized me standing there, and I suddenly saw, all at once, what my ‘harmless’ little idea had done to him—me disappearing for a bit, building a house, showing him we could have a life together where we wouldn’t be known. Me showing back up and surprising him like it was all just a game of hide and seek. Like he’d laugh and say ‘where you been’ and think that a new ranch sounds nice. That we could give it a try.
I watch her walk towards Sherlock with Wilma still screamin’ up a storm in her arms. For the first time, I notice the dark circles under her eyes, shining like black silk, and I blink hard to remind myself she ain’t my old Alma holdin’ little Alma Jr. or Francine in her arms, waitin’ at the front door for me to get home from a twenty-hour workday to hold ‘em so she can go and take a hot bath. Hold their soft, pink skin with mud and blood and sweat still stainin’ my tired arms.
He not-too-gently elbows Sherlock’s side as he moves to get around him, finally sticking out his hand to Sage with a tightly polite smile. “Sorry ‘bout my friend here,” John says with a dramatically exasperated roll of his eyes. “He’s a French skier—his English isn’t so great. I think he just really wanted to confirm where this sick party is taking place. Oh, and I’m John, by the way.”
Sherlock huffs out a laugh, short and harsh, as he pulls his own shirt over his head. “Obviously not.”
Sherlock breaks the silence first. “He knew you were here? Competing? I didn’t know the two of you still . . .”
And in case I don’t ever get the writer’s urge upon me again, I’ll tell you this, Little W. My parting words to you:
“To beat Greg Lestrade’s 4-year untouched World Record?” Rick says in exaggerated disbelief, and John wants to kick himself. Of course. How the fuck did he not realize what that time meant?
“Well compared to your short ass they practically were,” Sherlock shoots back, needing to see the fear fade away from John’s eyes. And it does. John barks out a laugh and rolls his eyes before smacking him hard in the arm. Sherlock fights back smirking, straining against John’s grip, and then they’re wrestling for leverage, the blanket pushed off onto the floor. John throws a strong thigh over Sherlock’s hip and rolls on top of him, pinning him down and settling his weight on Sherlock’s body. Sherlock’s hands rub gently at the small of John’s back, the fine hairs tickling his fingertips.
I look desperately to the nurse on my left – the main one who gives me the Device each Saturday. The one with the Protest pin.
Oh. Something personal. Some sort of previously secret errand—one Greg wants to share now with him. With them.
Music blaring from underneath rattling metal doors.
And now here he is two days later, on his third shower of the day, furiously wringing extra soap from his hair, cursing it for forming such a superbly rich lather when instead it should inherently know that Sherlock doesn’t have
Sherlock cuts a hard right without warning, and John curses as he clings to Sherlock’s neck to stay on his back. Sherlock runs like he hasn’t run in ages, leaps over a two-foot-tall embankment of snow in a shortcut, and he barely slows down, gasping for breath, when the line of official Village golf-carts comes into view, innocently waiting under the moonlight in the dark.
“Oh, I definitely have to,” he says.
“J . . .”
He doesn’t remember clasping his hand over his mouth. Gripping the freezing handrail with the other through his glove.
him, as in, he has laid eyes on his face and heard his voice. But none of the examples floating through Sherlock’s mind have lasted for longer than five minutes, or contained more than brief words and a nod  from metres away.
It takes Greg a few seconds to realize that John is talking to him, followed by a rush of guilt that he’d half-forgotten John was even standing there. Just like John probably intended.
John frowns. “I haven’t said anything.”
Greg, remember? John isn’t completely incompetent at French. It’s not like our own secret language.”
Sherlock can’t answer. He lets himself be pulled onto Greg’s chest. There’s a hand in his hair. Competent fingers. The reassurance of calm.
John bites his own lips and groans. “Fuck look at you. Look at your fucking mouth.” He traces the outline of Sherlock’s stretched lips with his thumb, feeling where they grip around his cock. He looks wrecked. Thoroughly fucked. The most desirable thing Sherlock has ever seen in his life. Sherlock grips him hard as John rolls his hips, clenching the muscles in his abs and brushing his tight and heavy balls against Sherlock’s wet and aching chin.
“I’m sorry, I was under the impression you wanted to actually win, not be ‘given charity’ as you put it.”
Then he’d immediately regretted it as a small, sad sigh left Greg’s nose. Greg—who had clutched Sherlock’s hand mere hours ago watching John’s race. Who had teased him, and laughed with him, and shared his illicit biscuits. And who now looked like the world would never bring him joy again.
Sherlock seems fine now. He looks up at me now and again, preparing to roll his eyes at whatever case-related, overly romanticized dribble drabble he thinks I’m writing. And then we catch each other looking, and we share a private smile, and he whispers my name into the dust mites swirling in the air and suddenly they are transformed into pure beams of light. I’m never certain of anything around Sherlock Holmes, except that he loves me, John Watson. And yet I think I can also be certain now that he has no idea that his every move, his every quiver, will be recorded here over the next year for my own selfish purposes.
,” Sherlock says, the words coming out wet and raw, realizing all at once that he would fall a thousand times, throw himself down hundreds of courses all over again, just for this moment—to give Greg his last Gold. He swallows hard, speaks through the rumbling noise of the stadium.
“—and you forced me to breathe again.”
John’s voice thrashes through the silence, broken and thin. It slices through Sherlock’s throat and halts the spinning of the earth. And then Greg is melting, molding around John’s back and clutching him tighter to his chest, gasping a deep breath into John’s hunched shoulder.
He tilts his head, and his spine shrinks. I can read the question clear as day in the grey of his eyes, whether I even want him to go. If I think he’ll go and tarnish everythin’ by stepping into the light of my other life.
I feel the anger roil up hotly inside me, mixed with an oily slime of self-disgust. I grit my teeth, shivering as a clench rolls through my chest. I fight the urge to fling myself forward into his arms. Have him hold me as I moan at the thought of pink fairy wings disappearing forever from my sight. Instead I gently pull my hand back from his grip and flex my fingers, turning away from his gaze towards the sea. My words hurt my throat as they crawl past my numb lips. “I just can’t, Sherlock. You don’t understand –”
Cut immediately back to the outline of Watson standing stock still at the doors of the hangar. Never before have we ever seen him hold himself in a way that looks so military. The helicopter softly lands on the helipad, and two of the mechanics step forward to confer with Robbie about the flight.
John, the lightest sleeper currently alive, shifts once in his sleep.
On a tiny side street in the middle of broad fucking daylight after just annihilating his round of the Billabong Masters, John has his hands tight on Sherlock’s neck and shoulders and Sherlock is gasping against his lips, holding on for dear life and groaning against John’s mouth “you fucking did it,” and “thank god,” and “I’m sorry,” and “
Lahela pulls back with wet eyes, smoothing out the front of her now damp blouse. Sherlock opens his mouth to apologize, but instead says, “How did you know where to find me?”
All three of them are wearing a Gold medal—how absurdly elementary, Sherlock had complained—and the three little dots of gold seem to swim in Greg’s vision, filling him with such gratitude he nearly cradles the cover to his chest.
“Yes, obviously. John is in the adapted housing even though he exists every other day of his life in non-adapted housing just fine, I’m in the athletes building, and you’re with the coaches and gear teams down the road, I could have told you that
I idly rub my other hand over my skeletal chest, feeling the bones ripple underneath my burned skin. It hurts to even turn my neck to look at her. I’m a ruin. I give her a look in my eyes – one that says I know exactly what she’s trying to do. She’s trying to be Super Nurse to bring me back from the brink. And we both know that it’s far too late for anything like that.
They receive a fair amount of attention as they make their way through the sea of competitors stretched out on beach towels and lounging in the sand. Greg’s been a staple of this beach for his entire life, and, as much as he doesn’t feel like it deep down, John’s made somewhat of a name for himself on the SoCal scene over the past two years of local competitions.
The crowd screams with excitement. Greg rips his hand off John’s and clutches the railing instead. John holds his breath.
Watson’s voice, screaming through the ice from above: “Sherlock!”
After a stunned pause, Rick puts on his fakest smile and holds out a gloved hand. “My apologies. Thank you for the pleasure gentlemen,” he says, the last word coming off as a bit ironic. He shakes Greg’s hand, then John’s, and turns away, already whipping his mobile up to his ear, probably to complain about the way Super-Greg just treated the press, or to sell the dramatic story of John’s naivety to the highest bidder.
” out loud.
Sherlock turns his neck and peeks one eye up at John. “You can’t tell me you didn’t realize that part was true,” he says, brow furrowed.
Watson, sighing, in a tired voice: “Honestly? It still hasn’t gone away. It just started to ease. It was . . . Christ, it was that first time he spoke. Really . . . said something. Right before your camera went away – they had found the patient by then. But anyway, that was the first time I thought that . . . that, yeah. We had been successful getting him out. He was, well, he was going to be ok. My – our colleague. We had gotten him out. He was alive.”
He wants to strut over to John Watson and step on the hands and toes of all the other surfers and demand why, when they still have one precious day left together, John is already imposing their separation. Why, not even an hour after Sherlock had kissed him in the shady cocoon of flowers and opened himself up the entire beach’s scrutiny out on the waves just to make sure that John could win, John is now lounging back on his arm and acting like he doesn’t even know Scotty Holmes is standing on the same shore. Why John’s laughing with them and acting like those same smiling lips didn’t whisper the word “Sherlock” over and over again underneath the full view of the stars.
Then Sherlock had turned off his phone with a sigh, dropped it down on his stomach, and become very still in Greg’s arms.
Sherlock can hardly breathe. He can feel the heat radiating out from the man beside him, can feel as the tops of their arms brush together when they shift and move in the soft, warm sand. It’s almost unbearably intimate, sitting here side by side at the edge of the earth – like every breath coming from Johnny’s lips is traveling straight to his own, like he can taste his words on the tip of his tongue. He forces himself to be patient, not to interrupt. Johnny’s voice when he speaks again is low and trembling, like warm, amber honey in Sherlock’s ears.
Sometimes he plays his harmonica, and he’s damn good at it. We let the edges of our boots tangle together by the embers while he plays his tunes and I smoke a cigarette, letting the tobacco air puff up my lungs the same way his words make me feel. I listen to him play the slow, haunting melodies he always chooses, and the coyotes far off in the mist raise up their voices to join him, and I feel in my bones the way they echo and vibrate through the canyon like a groan. I want to reach up and just punch the moon because I can’t believe that finally, in all the years of my rough life, I’m actually havin’ a good time.
The group goes on half-jokingly arguing, laughing and teasing each other like they’re just sitting around a bonfire with beers in their hands. It almost makes it easy to forget that one of them could die that day.
But Walter is cut off by a gloved hand appearing from nowhere, wrapping around John’s arm and pulling him to the side of the flow, almost causing him to fall.
Radio voice, in German: “Mission update for you: climber reported missing along the Simplon Pass late last night. Male, mid-twenties. Robbie took Dominic and Simon up early this morning to search for him, but the visibility was near-zero and they were unable to land or search.”
Greg shakes his head. “Nah, man, if you say he’s different I’ll believe it.”
Holmes, warmly: “We ‘hooked up’ is what the perfectly respectable John Watson refuses to say.”
Greg: “No, not easily at all. I mean, maybe I jest. Yes, of course I jest. But, you have to –"
I’m dying.
Odd, he thinks, as he groans to stretch his neck, that Orion never seemed to give him exactly what he asked for, not even once. He’d asked not to be found, to let the pain end, and yet a rescue helicopter had tipped its nose over the desert horizon just as his eyes slipped closed, the blades glowing impossibly gold and blue, smeared into watercolors. He’d asked for invisibility, and two men had found him, pulled him into their arms, their bed.
Her hand is on my arm. I notice a gravy stain on the top of her white apron. “I didn’t mean it like that, Daddy. Not at all,” she says.
The horn sounds, blasting across the waves, and John doesn’t even flinch as he sprints out towards the ocean to the sound of a roaring cheer from the crowd. Sherlock stands breathlessly in the middle of the crowd, salty wind rushing at his back, and he feels a piece of his chest be dragged out to sea towards the largest swells on the face of the earth, kept safe and secure in the warm patch of skin over John Watson’s steady, pulsing heartbeat.
He drinks in the words when Sherlock goes on. “When I was fourteen I was in this little record store near the Pearl Harbor base where we were living. Trying to kill time before I had to go be home for dinner. Guy who ran it had this little counter in the back of the store with . . . magazines. You know. I saw this photo and - I had to have it. Sold it to me for a dollar. Now I think about it he must have been a queer, too. Maybe took pity on me or something.”
He watches breathless as a blush forms across the top of Sherlock’s neck and back, blooming across his skin as John continues to run his palms and fingertips over and across the inked lines.
“An honor to meet you,” the man says, looking startlingly genuine.
Sherlock looks back at him, and Greg waits for a comeback or a joke.
They had both kissed a shame and anger-less John only twenty-four hours later.
They park in the same place as yesterday, and John has to remind himself as they step down out of the Jeep that it really was only just goddamn yesterday. They move like a synchronized team, unloading John’s (Sherlock’s) board and their bags in quick, easy silence, nodding stiffly at anyone who passes on their way down to the shore.
As you can see, I've updated the chapters of this fic to 5. It's all the same scenes I was planning before, but I think 5 flows much easier than 3.
John bites back a grin, quite unsuccessfully. “That too.”
, come here.
John looks up into wide brown eyes, suddenly fully aware of the intense emotion showing through them, far from the careful blankness John originally thought he’d seen. “You should have blamed me. I shouldn’t have left—not like that. Not without a word. I’m so sorry.”
The memory slams into John’s mind with a heat-filled crash, causing him to reach back and grip a handful of Sherlock’s curls and push his mouth back against his ass. Sherlock groans into him, grabbing at his hips hard enough to bruise and pressing his tongue so deep inside John feels like his entire self is being stretched open for Sherlock’s wet mouth.
I stand there sipping my coffee and watch him as he disappears into the sea of gold mist, whistling to himself while he lights a cigarette and stoppin’ by the corral to run his hand up and down our two old horses’ noses, sneakin’ them a treat of apples from his pocket he thinks I won’t know about.
“Shhhhh . . .”
Something snaps in me. Scott whatever the hell his name is Holmes is still looking over at me with a humor in his eye when I leap up and grab him by the shirt collar, dragging him across the grass.
Sam: “If I freeze to death here, how will you fly back? You cannot fly for shit. Whose number are you even trying to get? Everyone there is too young for you.”
I reach up and hold one of his wrists loosely between my fingers, feeling young and bold. “Until me,” I say.
James laughs. “
to the sore, jobless, scar-covered amputee standing in the dim lighting of the Paralympic building fills John with a sharp wash of nausea. Greg Lestrade should be blasted across HD screens with a fifth Gold medal around his neck and a beautiful, strong, normal person there to congratulate him, someone like Sherlock Holmes, instead of sitting in a boring coaches’ meeting texting John Watson under the table.
It bursts through his chest, releasing the coiled fear that had still been sitting tightly in his veins like shards of ice. He sighs as the muscles in his shoulders relax, then winces at the powerful burst of soreness that spreads through his neck and back in its wake. The fact that he can finally actually feel his soreness over a coiled, numb terror makes the ache feel like a beautiful thing.
, that was it. The
He’s realizing with each unbearably awkward second that passes that he’s grown far too accustomed to just being in John Watson’s company over the last few days. Facts quickly slot into place in his head: that he’s leaving tomorrow morning, that he just finished his last ever surf with John, that now John’s ‘real life’ has come calling to take him back, that John’s shooting the same private smile at Greg now that Sherlock thought was meant only for him just yesterday. Like a naive idiot.
Greg frowns. “Do I even want to know how you got down to my building?”
Watson, politely: “Here we are. And thank you again, for –”
Then he takes John’s face in his huge hands in shining, brilliant HD—
He looks at the two of them, wrapped up around each other, John still fully dressed. He’d had brief visions of the three of them revisiting the memory he’d had been thinking about earlier, back in his room. Visions of more cocks in his mouth, in his body, grunting sighs and wet slaps, groaned curses. The smell of sex choking the hot air in Greg’s small room. Desperate hands and frantic gasps.
Some thoughts, notes, and context:
And it would make John do all of those things, if not for the expression on Sherlock’s face as he gazes into John’s eyes looking naked and small and lost. John feels an incredible sadness wash over him. Without having to be told, he knows Sherlock’s thinking of his flight.
“I’ll have you know that I
Scotty squints staring off over John’s head and quirks his head to the side. “I’d call it more – happened to pass by your car before you left for work this morning.”
” So I hold his hand, and I look at his eyes, and I tell him all about my first day setting foot in the War, all those long years ago. I tell him about the guns and the good memories and the fire. I tell him about the fields filled with bright red blood. And he blinks once each time I pause to try to control the emotion in my chest. Letting me know that he hears me.
Sherlock’s mouth brushes against his, and John whispers his name against his lips. “Sherlock.” Sherlock hums and tilts John’s head back gently with his hand before bringing his lips to his neck, leaving soft, wet kisses from his shoulder to his ear. John gazes up at the stars and tries to breathe. He feels himself growing hard again against Sherlock’s stomach, let’s himself push forward against the hot friction of Sherlock’s body. He whispers Sherlock’s name up to the stars again and again, a mantra to remind himself of who he is. Who they are.
un soldat : a soldier
I forget about the little home above the Signal laundromat before we’ve even made it to the end of the street. I wonder the whole way in the truck whether Sherlock’s been up into whatever mountains they must have in Texas. I ain’t been back since I took Alma to go sleddin’ in the snow before the little ones, watching her laugh as I brushed the powder from her face. Francine don’t like the cold, bunches up her lungs so she can’t breathe right, so we take the girls out to the lake every 4th of July where the summer heat traps you in the air like a furnace.
The new pool in Lovell closes ten minutes after we get there.
We left the scene immediately, Sherlock calling out the flight number over his shoulder just before the door shut behind us. I wiped myself down with a handkerchief as best I could, called a cab to get us home, got both of us immediately into a shower, and then held Sherlock under the hot water until it started to run cold. He never apologized, but I didn’t need him too. And when his face was buried in the hollow of my neck while we stood under the spray, I know that some of the drops of water that dripped down my collarbone were tears.
Interviewer: “I would really appreciate it, if you don’t mind. Just for a few moments. We’ve something to run by you.”
Then the sunlight hits Sherlocks curls peeking out from his beanie just so, and his eyelashes glint like stars, and his full lips curve into a grin, and the truth of what Greg just said hits him so squarely in the chest he can hardly breathe.
“I’m alright.”
Greg tries to look stern, but the warmth shines through in his eyes, forcing a smile at the corners of his lips.
That being said, enjoy!
John clenches his fist hard enough to feel the prick of his nails through his glove.
“Aw, come on!” someone else calls. “You’re not going to invite us?”
He’s somehow fought his way down into the journalists’ area, surrounded by cameras and microphones pointed toward John. John doesn’t even seem to notice them. He takes two more stumbling steps, then falls into Sherlock’s arms across the railing.
“We’ll see Greg and Molly in September when we’re there for the U.S. Open.”
Received:
Simon, giving him a hard shake: “He had signs of life. We . . . I made the decision to lower him deeper. I did it. It was me.”
“Very romantic of you,” Sherlock says, inwardly pleased when John tries to hide an exasperatedly amused grin over Greg’s shoulder—that John has apparently approved of his tactic of response. Sherlock goes on, “You traveling out here, standing tall in the moonlight all alone with the wind in your hair. Contemplating your next victory just on the horizon. You would’ve made a fine Austen heroine if she’d ever stooped to write about winter sports.”
Sherlock’s eyes are sparkling, his entire body framed by a sea of white and yellow blooms. John wants to dive into the sight of it. Take a picture and ink it onto the skin of his own body.
Sherlock immediately responds, “I never would have skied again if not for Lestrade returning to the sport. So yes, obviously, I am glad for his return.”
Listen to "Heaven" by the Rolling Stones
The question is so small, so tiny and fragile in the air. The unspoken
”  his mom had asked him in the car that day as she drove him swerving down the road towards Ft. Knox three miles away from their house, looking back at him in the rearview mirror with half-glazed eyes and a nervous smile perched on her lips.
The uncomfortable silence that follows his statement settles like a block of ice right in the middle of the beach. Apparently that explanation was too vanilla to make fun of. Everyone shuffles their feet for a beat before Greg clears his throat and steps in.
. It would be like finding out your best friend since primary school has a kidney, or finding out that your girlfriend had surgery once long ago.
John can hear Scotty following him, breathing slightly hard from the morning’s worth of surfing. Aside from that the man had hardly broken a damn sweat.
Sent:
“God, please don’t suggest alpine ice-skating as a new sport, because Sherlock would try it just to prove that he can. No, but, yes. He’s racing. In an hour actually. So I need to—”
Greg suddenly wonders if the two of them are right—if anybody will even recognize him outside of France, especially in the chaotic jumble of Heathrow. He passingly hopes that nobody will spare him a second glance so that the three of them can relax together somewhat normally in the terminal. And then he wonders if people will recognize Sherlock, like John said. He wonders whether it will be residual staring from all the horrible press spewed across the internet surrounding Sochi, or whether it will instead be impressed skiing fans from the lesser-televised championships Greg’s been making him compete in to qualify for Pyeongchang these past four years. He wonders whether anybody would ever simply recognize Sherlock as the Silver from Vancouver.
Got myself some things I’ve been meaning to share with you. We both know I ain’t much one for words. Well, sometimes, if you’re letting me tell you all about something in that way I know I do. I know I can ramble on. But we also both know that for years I was just ‘Quiet Uncle Scott’ —fit those words to a T —and so I can also admit to you that my fingers are gripping my pen a bit too tight.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Everyone calls me Rose. It’s my middle name,” she whispers. “But actually, I’ve always preferred my first. It’s Catherine.”
. I think that it was everything I wanted to say. It is . . . it is us,
putain, c'est quoi le mot déjà -- fuck, what's the word . . .
Gerold offers Simon a position learning co-pilot training and certification.
John blanks. He hadn’t known Chris would ask them this. They hadn’t known anything about what he would even say - no vows or lines or any of it. He looks quickly at Sherlock with wide eyes, feeling like the entire ocean is frozen waiting on the cusp of what he’s about to say. Then he sees Sherlock’s eyes, the little palmfuls of clear ocean water, and the words come rushing out of his mouth before he can plan them, flowing calm and effortlessly from his lips.
Nurse Harris gives me a look that says, “
I walk towards it on shaking legs and stand before it with my eyes closed. Steeling myself. When I open them I throw my hand over my mouth and gasp.
-John does Nordic skiing, which is cross-country (flat-ish) skiing. Nordic Paralympic skiers who are either amputees or do not have full use of their legs often use moniskis / sit-skis, or (in the case of Class LW-2, they normally stand-ski on one leg and use two outriggers instead of traditional skiing poles). HOWEVER, because this is fan fiction, Sherlock has helped design John a prosthesis that the Paralympics is magically approving for John to Nordic ski standing up on *two* skis, with traditional poles.
I shake my head fiercely. “I did it because I care about you!” I cry out.
No, this is not a horrible, dirty secret. No, they are not ashamed.
The camera stays rooted to the pavement as he rides away, following him until he disappears around the street corner, until the hum of his motorbike fades into the bustling sounds of the town.
Something about those words must mean something, because Sherlock sits up in his seat, sniffs once, then slowly, carefully, leans to look out the window. Not three seconds later, all fear is gone from his body, his hands plastered up against the glass as he searches the twisting maze of streets below. “There! Oh, no that one’s yellow—godawful color for a house. But that’s our street . . .”
John sits back in the rickety metal chair in Greg and Molly’s backyard, pleasantly full and sleepily watching their dog run about in the dry grass. He breathes in the familiar air of Los Angeles, tense and thrumming and alive. The claustrophobic energy bouncing between the skyrises and freeways and hidden backroads, all swept over by the faint breeze of the ocean. Greg and Molly are nursing beers and half-heartedly arguing over whether it gets too hot for Greg to try and start a vegetable garden near their fence next spring. John watches them with sleepy, hazy eyes, simultaneously wishing he was alone in his own apartment while also realizing he never wants to leave their safe little backyard. Greg laughs, and leans in close to kiss Molly lightly on the cheek before sitting up straight to tie back his hair, and John suddenly blinks hard and realizes that he hasn’t, not for one moment, even thought about wanting to be with Greg since he surprise bearhugged him at the airport.
-Mark Florence is named in honor of John John Florence (yes, that really is his name). He's one of my favorite current surfers. Hails from Hawaii. He was the youngest surfer to ever compete in the Van's Triple Crown of Surfing at AGE FOURTEEN. He also grew up in a beach-side house along the Banzai Pipeline (basically Sherlock's hut).
With each step he takes towards the doors leading out to the sprawling maze of Los Angeles, John feels like he’s stepping father away from home. Which is ridiculous, because up until four days ago the only place besides Los Angeles he’d ever even been to had been goddamn Vietnam, like the world’s worst global traveler. His palms itch to feel the warm saltwater underneath them, toes straining to sink into warm, soft sand. Nothing like the icy, seaweed choked water and rocky grains that make up the SoCal shores.
I can barely breathe. I lean my head on my arm against the wall of the phone box so I don’t fall over. My voice sounds like wet sandpaper.
“You told me to fly back.”
Holmes: “More tolerable? Less of an insufferable arse?”
A bright red helicopter bursts into view from a wall of fog and cloud. The camera tracks it as it soars majestically through the sky, revealing a full view of the glittering Matterhorn peak just behind the tail.
But at least . . . for this one moment . . .
Sam’s voice: “Oi, Watson! You drop your happy face back on the mountain?”
even though he feels absolutely anything but.
Sherlock had been incensed and annoyed, John had been quietly terrified, and Greg had lost sleep the entire week leading up to the shoot over the shallow fact that he might have to take off his shirt in front of other people.
“I would say, find the people—er, the person, I mean, who can be like a star for you. That fixed point of strength you can always draw from and look to. And if you fall flat on your back, like we all saw I did . . .” He pauses for Sonya and Rick to laugh, and gives a self-deprecating smile. “In that moment, you think of your star. Because even if you fall, your star will still be up there, yeah?”
With them?
And it suddenly occurs to Greg, though he isn’t even sure how, that John and Sherlock are waiting for his signal to start.
I clear my throat, feeling like a little kid speaking up in class just after the teacher demanded silence. “And you? What should I call –”
. It doesn’t matter that his knees are soaking wet in the slushy snow on the hard ground. It doesn’t matter that he’s freezing. It doesn’t matter that his cock is still soft tucked between his thighs. Because he is
“Kurt and I . . . we’re gettin’ married,” she says. She looks up at me from under her eyelashes and waits for me to say something, anything.
I felt frozen, like my mind would be forever racing at the speed of light while trapped in a stone body. For a full minute we both just sat there breathing. Then Sherlock slowly covered himself back up with his coat and painstakingly did each button. He flicked up the collar, even in the bright sunlight, and curled in on himself until he looked like he was drowning in the black fabric. “I want to go home, John,” he said, and then I struggled to keep from pulling down that blanket of sky to protect us when I realized that he was silently crying.
John pulls back and frowns, thumb running over Sherlock’s bottom lip. “What, su—” He stutters, then pushes through. “Suck you off?”
Interviewer, surprised: “He let you into the hangar?”
Apologies to those of you I have convinced to start watching this show. While I doubt any of you became quite as obsessed as I was / am, I understand the rabbit hole you may have fallen into. At least we're all in Horn Hell together.
