"How long was I out for?" he asks when he can verbalize his thoughts, pushing up and forward to give Steve a gentle kiss. He remembers enough to know that Steve said something about having to do work, so he pulls away after a couple of seconds, lies back down on the bed. "Get your work done?"
Tony brings his hands up to cup Steve's face gently, pull him into another soft kiss, and he can pinpoint the exact moment he realizes he is well and truly screwed - in more than just a literal sense. He wants to be able to soothe Steve's nerves, assure him that whatever has him shaking isn't worth worrying about, but he can't find any words in him to do so. His legs have fallen off Steve's shoulders, and instead he wraps them around his waist, uses his weight - and the fact that Steve's gone remotely compliant from his orgasm - to move them slowly, until Tony's on top of Steve, straddling him. He leans down, presses another quick kiss to his lips before he moves to his cheeks, his nose, his forehead. He knows he's being overly tender about it, but Steve's shaking is lessening gradually, so it's fine, he reasons. It's worth it if it's doing something to reassure the blonde. Tony might not know what worries he's assuaging, but that doesn't mean he isn't going to do it nonetheless.
The thing that ends up tipping him over the edge, seems so unlikely. Tony presses a gentle featherlight kiss to his temple, and when Steve looks up to see the expression on his face, his eyes are closed, one hand rested over his lower stomach. The alpha moans brokenly, and grinds his hips up against Tony’s ass, as his knot pops fully, with enough force to be staggering.
“Don’t apologize. Please, honey, you… we were both wrong.” He steps into the house slowly, moving to the other side of the room, to give Tony as much space as he can afford him. Each step further away pains him physically, and it’s a damn near battle to get to the far wall, where he eventually leans, tucking his hands into his hoodie. This isn’t going to be easy on either of them.
alright guys, hopefully you liked it! i know the ending is kind of abrupt, I promise that's a stylistic choice. I wanted to leave it up to y'all, to decide what happens next.
Tony rises with Steve, gives a soft smile at his question. He knows that he should probably refuse, that Clint'll only worry if he spends the night with Steve, and that Pepper will murder him if he misses more work than is reasonable, but he also knows that Steve definitely needs somebody to be with him right now, both to prevent any potential relapses and to ensure that he doesn't slip into a negative mindset in general. Tony has to wonder if this is what Rhodey felt like when Tony was stuck in the midst of his alcoholism. Regardless, he gives a slight nod. "Course I'll stay with you, Stevie," he says, and he's not entirely sure that he's only talking about tonight. "C'mon." He tugs Steve gently out of the living room, towards the bedroom because he apparently remembers where that is. He only lets go of Steve's hand once they're in the room, pulls off his sweater before he moves to undo his jeans, because he is most definitely not sleeping in them.
“Fucking gays,” muttered a man behind them in the buffet, and Steve whipped around with his hands on his hips.
Tony’s mind blanked out as Steve bit his lower lip, hard.
“And I’m very happy for you,” grouched Tony. “I just wish you would go be cheerful somewhere away from me.”
But Steve was carefully opening the package and taking a cautious bite. It seemed to have passed some sort of test because he made a small pleased expression and sat in his seat to dig in.
“Aww Tony, I didn’t know you were afraid of the dark. Never mind, your right, we can just go right back to the motel if you’re scared.”
Truthfully, Tony would have helped him either way. He didn’t like Rogers that much, but he did have a whole lot of respect for him. The time he had spent talking to him in the past hour was a Steve with more energy and life in his eyes than he had ever seen him with, and he was pretty sure he knew the reason why. If Rogers wanted help getting his boyfriend back, then he would help, if only to get that hopeless look he had seen the last time they talked to stay out of his eyes.
Giuseppe led them towards a small table in the back, away from prying eyes.
All of which lead to Tony, driving a SHIELD borrowed vehicle because Steve refused to borrow any of his, in the middle of bumfuck America, listening to Steve do a scarily accurate rendition of Call Me Maybe for the fourth time that day. Fun.
Silence. Then, with a flip down from a fire escape, Steve Rogers was standing in front of him.
“Perhaps,” Tony said between gritted teeth “because I have been TELLING you that for twenty minutes straight.”
“Rule number one, stealing from rich assholes is the best kind of stealing.”
“Antonio! È passato troppo tempo da quando sei arrivato. E chi è questo bel giovanotto?”
Tony’s cheeks hurt from grinning so hard, and he laughed in sheer pleasure of the moment. Speeding down the freeway, in the stolen car of an asshole, inching towards a hundred thirty, with Captain America in the passenger seat. Steve unbuckled his seat belt and stood up, spreading his arms out and whooping into the wind delightedly.
“What do you think,” Steve muttered against him, as he nibbled and sucked his way up the line of his jaw.
Tony stared indignantly. Steve might have been Captain America, but he was Tony Stark. No accounting for taste he supposed. “Actually, no,” he replied sullenly. “He’s in a very happy relationship. With a yoga instructor,” he added, because that ought to put her in her place.
He reached a hand out to Steve, not sure what he was going to do, when his armor appeared and quickly enclosed him in its metal embrace. He flipped the faceplate up.
“Steve. It’s twelve thirty. I don’t know about you, but that’s usually when iron men like to get their sleep.”
“A lantern,” Steve corrected. “In case it gets dark.” Steve was now taking out each item and reading the information on the back before placing it lovingly in the back seat of the car. It was a very lengthy process.
“How much do ya think all the booze I drank today costs, alto, altoth—,”
“Oh. I’m guessing that isn’t what this is about then.”
“So,” Steve prompted. “You were going to ask me…?”
“I’ll let you play around with my shield for a whole day.”
“And there’s the Steve Rogers I know,” Tony grinned. “Come on, let’s do lunch.”
Steve had finally finished bustling around his apartment, and offered Tony a seat.
“Uh, thanks for the, uh, beer.”
Steve had the air of someone who was very pleased with themselves. “Dinner. With me. It’s something I like to do with people who I find insanely attractive.”
Hm. Well.
They spent the next few days driving through whatever state they were in, visiting the world's biggest ball of twine or whatever it was that struck Steve’s fancy that day, and spending their nights in various hotels. Steve slept in Tony’s bed every night, and they never acknowledged it in the morning.
“Rogers,” Tony said suspiciously, “have you gotten yourself involved with the mafia?”
“So,” Tony panted, “I, I’m guessing that’s a yes then?”
As the following days passed, he found it was pretty simple to set up a tracking system for Barnes and predict where his next stops would be. After that it was pretty much a waiting game, as they watched to see which one he would hit first. Sam, Steve, and Tony spent a lot of time just hanging around his penthouse, keeping watch for any alerts and shooting the shit.
When Tony first met Sam, his first thought was to wonder how someone like Steve managed to become friends with someone as nice as Sam. The answer, he soon learned, was that Steve had literally bullied him until Sam had to talk to him.
“So did you two ever fuck?” Tony asked from the couch where he was lying on.
It was slow going, and Steve almost emptied out Tony’s entire collection, but eventually Tony and Steve were both drunk off their asses. And it turned out, Steve was a very happy drunk.
“Fine, jeez.” Steve slyly looked sideways at Tony, and Tony could feel the trap coming but he couldn’t stop it. “Say,” Steve asked innocently, “you wouldn’t happen to have any other reason you don’t want me on your phone would you? Clint explained to me all about nudes, and I just want to let you know I don’t judge.”
“Show me,” and Clint led Tony to where Steve was grinning proudly by an absolutely horrendous couch with a head and tail sticking out on either end and the back meant for laying on like a lounge chair.
Of course Steve and Clint put together for anything automatically turned into what Tony’s HR department would call a non productive work environment.
It took him about two weeks to sort through the mess that was his company. It only took about four days for R&D along with Tony to fix the issue, but by then the prototype was already late to come out and the stocks dropped and Tony had to convince the board not to have a hemorrhage and it was just a mess.
“Tony, look how much stuff I got!”
“Stark,” he nodded coolly without a trace of shame. It almost hid the pink in his ears.
“Yep.”
Tony squinted. “Last time I heard, you were bringing down the government. Nice work there by the way, it’s always great when the whole world gets access to classified files.”
“I try to be,” Steve agreed. “So?”
“You’re welcome.”
“Well gee, how come you still have any of your stuff?”
“Well then,” Steve nodded, as if that settled it. “Come on, this sounds important to you and if you can’t tell me then we’re clearly not as good friends as I thought.”
“We did. Don’t try and pretend this was your first rodeo, mister. You were the one who was doing most of the work.”
Tony felt Steve rumble against him as he laughed, and closed his eyes at the sweet pleasure of the moment.
“Don’t worry about it Cap. It’s a twenty-first century thing,” Tony assured him.
“Hey Tony?”
“Yup. It’s a hell of a lot, but that’s why it pays to have alcoholic billionaires in your contact list.”
“Mmhmm. Like bunnies. In fact you should have seen us and the Howling Commandos, it was like a blue movie everyday there. No Stark, we didn’t fuck,” Steve said irritably.
“Sure, sure,” Tony nodded absentmindedly. He was in the workshop and there was a particularly complex bit of wiring—
“Look,” Tony said, “I realize that I am not exactly prime date material, but—”
“Hey Tony, look what I found!” Steve had grinned up at him and gestured at his prize— what appeared to be around a dozen succulents all of various shapes and sizes.
“Steve. It’s gas station food. It’s probably going to taste like day old twinkies.”
It was one of these nights when Tony realized that Steve hadn’t come to his bed, hadn’t entered the motel room at all actually, and he got up to look for him. He found him in the tiny parking lot behind the motel digging through something in the trunk.
“I dunno, I’m kinda slow on the uptake,” Tony breathed. “You better keep going.”
“Sera Giuseppe, tavolo per due, per favore. questo è il mio ... collega. Come va la moglie?”
“Hey Tony,” Steve had clambered back down onto his seat and was grinning at him and Tony’s throat tightened.
“I’ll get whatever he’s having,” Rogers nodded at Tony.
“Hey, don’t worry about it,” Steve said, with a tight smile. “Your company is important, I get that.”
Tony snorted, and Steve shot him a dirty look.
“And friends, don’t keep secrets from each other. It’s like, the whole point of friends, I’ve been told.”
“Well, there were so many options to pick from, and most of this stuff I’ve never tried before so I just decided to get one of each.” Steve was looking at his purchases with the air of a man who was very pleased with his spoils indeed.
“Clint. What’s wrong with it.”
Steve started forward, but Tony pushed him away. “Tony—,”
“You know I got followed a lot as a kid. it got to the point where my dad would have bodyguards around me all the time, because that’s the best way for a kid to make friends right? Most of ‘em were harmless, just wanted a picture or an autograph or, when I got older, the occasional blowjob. Point is, I got really good at figuring out when people are following me who shouldn’t be, even when they’re pretty good, but you—“ Tony finally turned around from where he had been ambling down an alley “you suck.”
“I was just watching the Dodgers game before you came.”
Still did not compute. Needed more data. “What?”
“So I’m guessing you’ll be wanting my shield now?”
“Stark luck, darlin’. Although some would say it’s the Stark luck that made ‘em blow my house up in the first place.”
“Okay, well, zooming right past that because I don’t even have the brain power to deal with that right now, I… wanted to ask you a question”
Shit, Steve was awake too? “Yeah,” he whispered back. Steve’s head poked out from the side of the bed, looking mournfully at Tony.
“Hey, Tony, is there any reason why that receptionist just asked how I feel about the downward dog?”
“Actually?”
“Well, never underestimate the power of the Dodgers to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory,” and he laughed when Steve threw a pillow at him.
“I knew you’d see my way,” Steve replied, looking pleased.
“Good, good. My Antonio has excellent taste!”
“So what have you got so far?”
“Your problems aren’t problems,” Steve said, and then he shoved his hand down Tony’s sweats.
“We just stole a CAR.”
They drove for a few more hours— thankfully with Steve giving in and allowing Tony to play some AC/DC— until they decided it was time to pack down for the night. They chose a hotel and Steve wandered off to examine the art hanging on the walls while Tony paid.
“Yep. Hey Tony. I was wonderin’, any chance you might wanna catch dinner with me sometime?”
Shit. Fabrication units. His head on a platter if he didn’t fix it. “I’ll see you around then?” he asked breathlessly.
“Not exactly— Tony, if anything it’s me you shouldn’t want to date! I’m a guy living alone in a shoebox apartment with no family, about two friends, and a shitload of PTSD and depression!”
“Alright, whatever you want,” Steve said cheerfully. “Hey, have you ever tried these Donettes? I’ve never heard of them.”
“Okay, geez, no need to take my head off,” Tony said, raising his hands up a little. “You wanted to though, right? Come on, I've seen pictures of him, he was smokin. You must’ve wanted to tap that at some point.”
“It’s perfect,” Tony said, and Steve and Clint nodded their agreement. In the end Steve left IKEA with the sofa, no less than twelve succulents, a meager lamp to cajole Tony, and about five churros.
Steve looked at it for a minute, and say what you will about the man but he wasn’t slow. “You calculated how much alcohol it would take for me to get drunk?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.
It was at that moment of looking at Steve, arms spread out, golden face tilted towards the sun with his eyes closed and his hair whipping in the wind, that Tony realized he was in love with Steve.
“Uh, yeah, sorry I’ll make sure to remember that next time.”
“Wait, what? You switched my coffee with SUNNY D?”
The next day Steve came to the tower, presumably to thank him for his help.
“What?”
He let that warm heat consume him for a bit, and curled his arm around Steve’s waist. After a few minutes of this he had a surprising realization. Holy hell, this man was dangerous. When was the last time Tony had gotten hard just from making out?
“Now?”
He took a sip of his beer, and Tony did the same. “I spent most of my life in the West Coast before this,” Tony offered. “They’ve got a handle on tech and weed, but… not so much this.”
“I’ll say. Hey Tony,” Steve fell back like he couldn’t be bothered to stay upright anymore, and then scooched over and laid his head in Tony’s lap. Tony raked his fingers through Steve’s hair. It was super soft.
“The joy and feeling of contentment from knowing you helped a teammate?”
“That’s… great start, but here’s an idea, something you can sit on.”
Tony leaned back and looked at Steve. He still just looked tired. “What’s in it for me?”
Repress? Repress.
“Five days.”
“Do you practice that in front of a mirror,” asked Tony, mildly impressed. “It was practically textbook.”
“It’s not terrible,” Tony admitted, and hid his smile at Steve’s fist pump.
Steve seemed to accept this, and they moved around each other with quiet ease getting ready for the night. They both settled into their beds, but Tony stared at the ceiling for a while, his brain refusing to let him sleep. There was a patch on the ceiling that was a slightly different shade of beige from the rest of the beiges. He chanced a glance at the clock next to him and inwardly groaned.
So that was the time that Tony had drunken sex with Captain America. He imagined smugly what his 14 year old self would say to that. That amazing thought was all that kept him going the next morning when he woke up with a raging hangover and a cheerful Steve who wouldn’t stop goddamn whistling.
“No Steve, I’m not dying.”
Oh shit.
“Well geez, you should really be more specific about these things. How could I have known you don’t like her?” Steve grinned at Tony unrepentantly.
“Yeah, yeah I got everything figured out. Figured I owed you a beer,” Tony said, holding up the six pack he had gotten on the way and trying not to look like his guts were escaping out of his stomach.
“Jesus Christ. Never mind, please, forget this conversation ever happened, oh my GOD,” and Tony got up.
“Out,” Tony blurted, and his arc reactor was running a hundred times faster than normal.
“He’s back.”
“That might be because we’ve never actually spent any time together outside of work.”
“It… might be shaped like an elephant,” and he grinned at Tony’s blank stare.
Fuck. He thought he had fixed this problem, but if the prototypes weren’t fabricating that meant hours of work, and—
“Will be fine with Sam for a few hours.”
Steve shrugged. “It was a long time ago, even before I got bunted into the future.”
“Do you think I could sleep with you?” Um. What. Trying to come up with a response to this, and largely failing, Tony almost missed what Steve said next.
“Fuck off,” Steve muttered, but Tony and Sam were roaring with laughter.
“I need help,” Rogers forced out, and there it was, it was like dragging nails through a chalkboard, “finding him.”
“Hmm?”
“He’s not worth it,” Tony interrupted. Steve stalked away, but not before tossing another dirty glare at the man. They ate breakfast in tense silence, Steve’s good mood from before gone.
As they walked towards the little Italian place Tony knew about a block away Tony flicked his eyes over Rogers subtly. The hollows under his eyes seemed more pronounced than usual, and he wasn’t wearing his uniform— was he here on personal business?
“Uh huh. You can just stick it right over there.”
“Uh, yeah, actually. Listen,” he tilted his body a bit to face Tony completely, and for the first time looked directly into Tony’s eyes. “I need a favor. I’ve been racking my brain trying to figure out who I can trust with this, and I realized, it’s you. I really need your help Tony. I have a… project, that I’m working on and I can’t do it without you. Do you think you can help?” He was still looking into Tony’s eyes, and he practically radiated earnestness. It almost worked.
“Fine,” Tony said finally. “But I swear to god if you take me to your favorite Olive Garden I will riot. Should I wear a suit, or should I go with your preferred style of formal khakis?”
“I’d hope so, I’d be worried if you were looking for another man at,” he checked his watch, “twelve thirty in the morning.”
Tony nodded. “Alright, I can work with that. I’ll set up round the clock trackers, and pattern tracking surveillance systems. Should be able to make it so by the time he gets there you’re waiting for him.”
“Hey, Tony. I’m guessing your Stark Industries emergency is all taken care of, then?”
“Yeah Tony. I'll see you around,” Steve answered softly, and the quirk became a smile, sweet and beautiful.
“You seemed to have turned out okay.”
Tony resisted the urge to bang his head onto the horn repeatedly. When Steve had informed Tony that he was going on a road trip to “find himself”, whatever the hell that meant, it didn’t take much thought on Tony’s end for him to decide that he should come too— okay, maybe some pointed glances from Pepper, met with confused stares from him, and a hastily whispered aside where she explained to him that Steve was lonely Tony, and he had the vacation days anyway, had perhaps played a part.
“Right. He was that.”
“Hey I don’t judge,” she replied, her fingers clacking away. “So you’re friend, he single?”
Tony studied him thoughtfully. Tony was also definitely drunker than he thought he was, because— “wanna make out?”
“Out? Out of where?”
“Yeah.”
“You wanna say that to my face,” he said hotly, and the man gave an ugly grin. He had shoes that probably cost a year's salary of the people around him, and walked like he knew it. Tony was intimately aware of his kind of people.
“To be fair it was very expensive booze.”
Tony nodded sagely. “He does that,” he confided. “Bullies you for days, all ‘man in a can, take that off what are you’, until his best friend is back and suddenly it’s all ‘I need your help Tony, I can’t do this without you Tony’.”
“I… can see that,” Tony said slowly. “Um. Is there any reason why you decided you needed half the store?”
Tony shot him a rude gesture, and Steve laughed.
“Nice, huh,” Steve said, looking at his face with a soft smile. “You don’t really see stars like this in New York. I remember my first time seeing a sky like this, I went out to take a piss in France and hand to god, I stared for about half an hour just taking it all in.”
Shit, Steve was bringing out the guilt trip. It would’ve been more amusing if it wasn’t so effective.
Steve nodded. “Okay. And really, thank you Tony.” He didn’t smile, but for some reason this seemed more genuine than before.
“I see,” said Tony, who did not see. “Is that a… flashlight?”
“Nah,” Steve quirked his lips. “I’ve got a pretty swell ride here,” and he rapped his knuckles against the hood of the car.
Tony’s mouth twitched up. “I suppose you’re right,” he agreed magnanimously. They had reached the restaurant by then, a little hole in the wall that Tony had been frequenting since his twenties every time he got high and got the munchies.
“Tony,” came Pepper’s harried voice, “we need you at the labs, the prototype you’ve been making with R&D isn’t fabricating properly and no one can figure out why. We’re already behind and the board is going to have my head if we don’t have this finished in time.”
Okay, time to just go for it. “Listen, Steve, we’re friends, right?”
Tony blasted off, and tried to remind himself that he had a job to do. Something that became very obvious when he looked at all the notifications scrolling on his HUD. “Fuck,” he groaned.
“Do you, do you want a ride home?”
He knocked on the door, Steve opening it with a smile, and Tony’s insides lurched.
Tony’s phone rang. Cursing, he shuffled to open it, pressing it against his ear and irritably answering, “Stark.”
“You really think fighting an unarmed civilian is a good idea? Besides,” Tony continued, unperturbed, “while you were packing our things I found his license plate and tracked his car.” Tony pointed at a sleek vintage Jaguar that probably handled like a dream in the middle of the lot. “You know how to hotwire a car, right?”
Tony snorted. “Not unless you give me a whole lot more than you are right now babe.”
It was one of these days when they were waiting for the alert when Steve pointed out a pattern Tony hadn’t seen before which pointed to a high likelihood that Barnes would either strike that day during the guard change or the day after, when the base was at its weakest. They waited in tense silence as the hour passed, but when nothing happened they were forced to admit Barnes would most likely attack the next day. Sam left, citing an appointment at the VA’s office, and Tony was left alone with Steve.
Tony froze. What? “What?” he said, and turned around in his chair.
Steve considered this for a moment, and then nodded firmly. And then stayed where he was.
“Five thousand?”
They spent a little more time looking at the sky, just taking in the infinite array of space, but beautiful as it was Tony couldn’t stop stealing little glances at Steve. He thought he was being subtle, but the fourth time he did it Steve calmly shifted his body to face him and looked at him.
“No! Although, how did you even get it the right color?”
“Sure,” Steve said, and placed his hands on his chin in that cute way he did, putting all his focus on Tony.
Sam eventually came back and the mission went off without a hitch. They managed to find Bucky and convince him to come back to Steve’s apartment, although how Tony had no idea. He entertained a brief vision of Steve dropping skittles on the ground in a trail to New York, and decided he needed some sleep.
Tony let his mind wander as he looked through the lamps, and almost instantly regretted it when Clint came up to him with a gleeful expression on his face.
Well. Wasn’t that interesting. “World War Two soldier and your childhood best friend? I might’ve heard of him, yeah.”
“It’s just, I always used to sleep next to someone, first it was Bucky when we couldn’t afford another bed, and then, we’ll there wasn’t exactly a lot of room in war tents, and I’m just not used to— you know what, never mind, it was a dumb idea,” Steve was mumbling, his cheeks flushed, and—
“That’s rough buddy.”
“Well, yeah.”
“Altogether. Umm. Five?”
“That’s not that point. I’m just worried about your health. I could feel your pulse last night, and that’s not normal for a twenty-eight year old.”
They got breakfast the next morning at the hotel, and Steve seemed to be in a better mood than usual. He was whistling as he shoveled sausage onto his plate, and only gave Tony a mildly disapproving look at the whiskey he poured in his coffee.
“Five million.”
Tony stared at him piercingly for a few moments. “And Bucky?”
“How’s Pepper? I heard your house burnt down on the news.”
“That’s what you think. I, on the other hand, have not been so complacent.” Tony tapped on his watch for a couple of seconds and swept the hologram over to Steve.
They shook on it, and Steve finally turned his attention to his own plate of pasta.
“Sei un angelo Giuseppe.”
“Look up.”
Soon enough they were roaring along the freeway, top down and music all the way up. Tony took sweet pleasure in imaging the look of bewilderment and anger on the man's face when he realized his prized car was missing. Ah well, it’s not like the man couldn’t afford to buy another one.
At the very least, Tony could say that thoroughly fucked was a good look on Steve. Tony didn’t think he’d seen him this relaxed since— well ever.
You’re important, Tony thought but didn’t say. Coward.
He accepted Steve’s offer and took a careful bite. Hm.
“Nope! You said no more forties songs, so this is me, not playing any more forties songs. Honestly I’m glad you made this rule, it's really making me expand my horizons!”
He eyed her disappointment with some pleasure, and snatched the keys from her and went to their room without waiting for Steve. A minute later he heard a quiet knock on his door and opened it to find Steve staring at his with some befuddlement.
“That’s not—,” and Steve ran his hand through his hair frustratedly. He reached a hand out as if to grab Tony’s then seemed to think better of it. Now Tony was just pissed, there was no way Steve was turning him down by trying to convince Tony that he didn’t know what he wanted.
As he headed back to get them Tony’s usual, Rogers turned to Tony and raised an eyebrow. “I didn’t know you could speak Italian,” he said.
“Tony, we've found the perfect sofa for Steve. It’s comfortable, and unique, and just the right size for a man of his—”
“Surprisingly well.”
Steve seemed tense. He couldn’t stop pacing around, but he also couldn’t seem to keep the tiny smile of his face either. It was like watching a man who had found a small ray of light after eons in a dark cave and was terrified it would be swept away again.
“You were right. I really did wanna fuck Bucky. But he was ummm. Wassa, what’s the opposite of gay?”
“Why didn’t you let me give him a piece of my mind?” Steve demanded. “He deserved it.”
“Hey, hey Tony,” giggled Steve.
“OH. Ask me OUT,” Steve said, and Tony turned around.
“Aww, don’t be like that. I made you eggs!” And then he laughed at Tony’s nauseated face.
“Five million!”
Tony shot a dirty look at him and spotted in relief the meter showing the almost empty gas tank. Finally a moment away from Steve's atrocious music, and if he played his cards right he could probably get away with breaking the radio “on accident”.
“Come on, we’re on vacation,” Tony cajoled.
“Interesting. Not that I’m not thrilled to be having super special share time with you, but was there a reason you decided to literally drop in?”
Steve stared at Tony and slowly a grin overtook his face, a little glean of admiration appearing in his eyes. Tony grinned right back, and they hurried over to the car and got to work.
“Could you stop being a smartass for one second?” Steve handed him a beer and patted the space next to him where he was sitting on the hood of the car. Tony went reluctantly.
“Three.”
Steve seemed very amused now, which Tony did not appreciate at all. He prowled forward towards Tony, and Tony resisted the urge to shuffle back. Starks did not shuffle.
They sped off, easy conversation flowing between them, and Tony decided to pretend like his little revelation had never happened. No use making a so far very enjoyable trip awkward. That was it. It was for Steve’s sake really.
“Yeah. You’re just a couple of fags and I hope to god you don’t infect us with whatever you have.”
“I have a… friend. And they’ve got themselves involved in the wrong kind of people, dangerous people.” Rogers looked at Tony like he expected some sort of reaction.
As they checked out, Steve kept sending little glances Tony’s way, until finally he burst out as they entered the parking lot.
“You know, I might be a little outta touch, what with the whole seventy years in ice, but I’m pretty sure that’s still a thing people do. They go out to dinner, maybe a little dancing, and then they go to one of their places and fuck.”
“Yeah, that tends to happen when terrorists shoot missiles at it.”
Steve’s eye twitched.
Steve looked at him. “Tony,” he said. “You can’t possibly be serious,” and Tony flinched back a little, hurt.
“Two beds or one?” the lady at the counter asked, and Tony squinted.
He glanced at Steve, and grimaced. “Okay, okay, don’t panic, I’m coming. Give me half an hour, I’ll be there.” He clicked off the phone, and made a helpless sort of gesture at Steve. “Listen, I’m sorry, I know I said I had at least another week off but—”
Rogers’ eyes narrowed and the earnestness dropped away as quickly as it came. It was kind of creepy. “Will you help me or not,” he snapped.
He got up and pressed the sensor on his bracelet that called the armor to him, and stared in a sort of helpless silence at Steve. Was it just him, or was Steve flushing a little pink?
“He’s not doing great, still doesn’t know where he is half the time, but he seems to recognize me, so. It’s a start.”
“Aww, it’s okay Tony. Here, look, I’ll put some Ariana Grande on if it’ll make you feel better,” and he reached for Tony’s Starkphone, and Tony yelped and batted his hand away from it without taking his eyes off the road.
“Look, Steve, if you’re going to reject me, then reject me, but don’t give me this bull crap about not good enough for you.” They were standing in front of each other now, and Steve’s conflicted eyes were staring into his. “You’re the best man I know, and you make me a better man too. The happiest I ever am is when I’m around you”
Steve snorted. “Oh is that why it pays. Alright then, bring it on. If you want me to get drunk so badly, who am I to refuse,” and he winked at Tony.
“Congratulations,” he offered. “I hope you two are very happy together, shooting Nazis or whatever it is you do for fun.”
“Yeah?”
“Listen Tony, if this is about the time that me and Clint switched out your coffee for Sunny D, we really did think you would notice before you drank the whole mug, and—”
Rogers looked back at him, unimpressed. Tony sighed. “My mom taught me. We used to spend summers in Italy before—” he stopped.
“I don’t think that counts when you give them your address.”
“Yeah, well I’m a bordering alcoholic, obsessive manic with anxiety and insomnia. Are we done listing things wrong with us or can we move on?”
“’m sorry, Steve. I didn’t mean…” Steve shakes his head, and waves a hand at him vaguely.
“Watch your fucking mouth.” he casts another suspicious look around them, and then jerks his head to the alley behind them, but Clint’s heard all he needs to hear.
The rooftop garden is surprisingly well kept, for as hot as it is, this time of year. Where you might expect there to be dead leaves, or plants scorched by wind and sun and not enough water, it’s instead, lush and green, and flowery. Wind blows through the few trees that are up here, leaving a nice rustling sound that makes a great ambience. Tony’s just relaxed, leaning up against the back of his wheelchair (the orderlies had insisted, despite them both arguing against it.) eyes closed, enjoying the sunlight on him after what felt like a week straight inside, under fluorescent lights.
James is in bad mood. Or… he was, two hours ago. At this point, he’s descended into outright pissed off. Ever since the Incident-- as he’s taken to referring to this morning, inside his own head-- he’s been keeping a weather eye on the Hunt, a rival gang. Mob territory logic doesn’t exactly follow New York property logic, though, so irritatingly enough, their territory laces over a whole lot of Red Stars, so … there isn’t much hope of entirely irradicating them. It’s a game of observe, and deflect, for now. So… here he is. In his own goddamned bar-- though it’s one of the smaller ones, a bit of a pet project for Bucky--, watching from the shadows, waiting for one of the shittier small time drug dealers, and weapon pushers, to say something that gets him closer to the gang that seems to have popped up all around him. He’d bet dollars to donuts, that they have something to do with this drug that keeps popping up where he’d least expect it. Now, he just has to find the proof. What he isn’t expecting, in a million years,  to find, is the Hunts archer. Sitting at the bar, and nursing something dark, straight, like it’s personally offended him.
Right! so, I hope you guys liked it! I kept meaning to add in smut, but it just... didn't feel like it ever fit anywhere. I might do an update, that's later on in their relationship? we shall see!
"I like it," he says quietly, before he pulls away from Steve and heads a little further into the room. Despite a few of his initial fears about this being a set-up for a hit, the apartment definitely looks like it's lived in, and doesn't look unlike how Logan's decorated his section of the warehouse. Granted, there's a little more light in here, a combination of streetlights from outside and the lights from the apartment itself, but still. There's also a distinct lack of gym equipment, but, hey, Tony's not complaining about that. He turns around to face Steve again as he tugs his shirt up over his head, because it's reoccurred to him that they're both still wearing clothes and, really, that's a shame. There are enough scars littering his torso to make anyone wary, but he knows that most of his hook-ups don't really question it, and those that do get the honest truth about where a few of the scars came from - accidents in the workshop, an intern fucking something up in the chemistry lab and making the place ignite, general clumsiness. He smiles, hopes it doesn't look too self-conscious. "Bedroom?"
"H-hullo?" He knows his voice has to sound like shit, rough, and raw, and exposed, like a nerve, but hey that's kind of how all of him feels. He sniffs softly, and swipes a hand over his eyes, trying his damndest to come back to his senses properly. "Hello?"
Meds down, he grabs his aids and steps back into his room, ducking into a shirt, and hoodie, before heading back to the living room, to check on Lucky. As expected, he’s laying at the doorway, staring at clint with intention. The archer sighs, and nods. “Yeah, yeah. We’ll go outside.” it’s all exactly the way it has been for the last three years, and he likes that. He’s comfortable with it. Which explains why it has to go to shit, when he’s halfway around the block.
Tony makes a ‘humph’ noise as he rolls over, takes a second to notice that Steve let go of him at some point during the night, except technically it still is the night. One glance at the clock informs him it’s four in the goddamn morning, and he’s five seconds away from just pulling Bucky down onto the bed with them to get him to shut up before he wakes Steve up. He doesn’t do that. Sadly. In the end, he pushes himself up onto his elbows so that he’s in an odd half-sitting position, and raises an eyebrow at Bucky. He looks noticeably dishevelled, even in the dim light coming through from the start of the sunrise, and Tony can’t really see his eyes, but the mere way he’s holding himself is familiar. Jess, Tony thinks absently, and then he takes a deep breath because that means Bucky probably isn’t one hundred percent sober, and that’s never good. “Bucky,” he says, slow and careful, sure to keep his voice quiet so he doesn’t disturb Steve, “you okay? You wanna come sleep for a while?”
On the one hand, he wants to decline, say that it’s not a good idea. He knows that the second Steve comes anywhere near him, he’s going to crumble. According to both Rhodey and Peter (because Peter doesn’t know the difference between being helpful and pointing out something Tony’s been trying to ignore), Tony’s scent has shifted into something sour over the last few months, tainted with grief and bitterness. It happens to every omega that loses their alpha, through death or…whatever the hell Steve and Tony went through. A dramatic, tragic break-up, maybe.
"Think that'll tide you over til we get there." His mind's running a mile a minute as Steve shuts the car door for him, and he has to wonder if they'll actually make it to Steve's place or rather wind up in the backseat. Usually, Tony would cringe at the idea of something so 'teenage', something that screamed of impatience, but drunk Tony has ideas of his own on what he does and doesn't like, and the fact that they're both still dressed at this point falls firmly into the 'doesn't like' category. He feels his phone buzz a few times in his back pocket, decides to ignore it for the night. Probably only Clint.
Bucky gives Steve a look, mutters a, “Could shoot you instead, how about that?” under his breath even though he knows it’s irrational and it’s impulsive. This guy – Tony, Steve said – knows who he is though, means he knows that Steve is connected to Red Star even if he doesn’t know just how crucial Steve is to it, and Bucky can’t risk that getting out. They’ve remained relatively safe up until now, and he doesn’t need Steve’s one-night stand ruining it for them. In a more audible tone, he says, “Nobody can know what we’re involved in, Stevie. People always talk, given the right amount of persuasion. There’s an easy way to stop that from happening.”
"'m ready," he says, breathless. "So, so ready. Please, alpha, please. I've missed you so much. Need your knot." As if to emphasize his point, Tony shifts how he's positioned so he's presenting properly: head pressed against the pillow, supporting himself on his elbows, and his ass in the air for Steve, ensuring there's a slope to his spine. After a second, he manages another broken, "Please."
Tony said yes. He actually agreed to see Steve, to be in the same place with him after months of stereo silence. Steve whines softly, as he pushes himself up to sitting in the bed.
it's okay. you can be mad at me. I might actually deserve it. (:
It still takes entirely longer than either of them would like, to work Tony open comfortably around two fingers, and then again to three. By the time that Tony’s ready, Steve’s a mess, growling an almost constant, unbroken sound, nipping a little harder at his scent glands, than he typically would. Tony’s scent in the room is thick enough, that if there were any neighbors in the vicinity, Steve would be overly worried about throwing them off season.
"Don't apologize," he says, and he means it. He didn't expect Steve to last long, not with him being as far into rut as he is. And it's not as though they don't have the next few days to themselves, anyway. Even longer than that if Steve wants to stick around while Tony hides away from any Accords responsibilities for a while. "I need your knot." There's a moment of hesitation then, Tony coming back to himself just long enough to feel anxious about what he knows he's about to say. "Want you to breed me, alpha."
Steve's quiet for several long, telling seconds, and when he finally does manage to speak, his voice is ragged and harsh. “It's… it's easy, Bucky. It's like it was with you. Like it is with you.” He buries his face further into Bucky's shoulder because he can't stand to see the look on his husband's face, when he hears that news. It can't be easy. Hell, it isn't easy for Steve to feel. His grip tightens on Bucky, and he draws the brunette in as close as he can. “It don't mean I love you any less, ok? Nobody could take me from you, not God himself, Jamie.”
"This one's more fun." With that, he pushes away from the bar and heads back towards the floor, manages to only have to push through a few people before he notices Karen. He gets shoved before he can quite reach her, smacks into someone's back and yells out an apology. It's more than a little unnerving that his full body weight was barely enough to shift a guy, but he's forced to stop where he stands when he realizes he's lost sight of Karen. Maybe she saw Clint, went to say hi.
His fingers have started trembling where he’s working on a circuit board, accidentally frying the delicate wiring. Dum-E approaches with his fire extinguisher, and Tony barely has time to get out a, “Ah!” to get the bot to back off. He really needs to take the extinguisher away from him. Flicking his equipment off so as to not set the ‘shop on fire, he leans back in his chair, gaze gravitating back towards the drawer.
“keep your mouth open like that, some opportunistic bug is likely to fly right in.” he teases softly, jerking his head into the room.  Steve, who would usually snark back in kind, has on recourse other than to snap his mouth shut, and follow Tony into the previously secret room.
“Merry Christmas, Tony.” Tony smiles, and presses another gentle kiss to Steve’s mouth, off center, toward the corner.
Amnesty is… proving to be a little more difficult than they all thought it would be. Tony and T’challa are both still trying, but they’re getting nowhere fast, and at the close of Tony’s second month, they still don’t have anything definitive. Steve tries not to worry, trying to protect Tony from his own feelings, but he loses sleep over it.
It’s easy enough to break out the top of the elevator, to get into the shaft proper, and jump for the steel supports on the far side. From there, it’s just a mater of jumping from support, to support, avoiding the columns on the sides, that contain the main electrical components. If he wasn’t running for his life, it would be almost amusing, that the power being cut is more helpful to him, than it is prohibitive
have some survival instinct - but it had pulled off to a side street after the fifth block, and Tony hasn't seen it again since. False alarm. He's definitely paranoid about meeting Steve, even if it's officially dark out, and cold enough to deter half of The Hunt's members from participating in unnecessary missions.
Steve doesn't think he's ever had the breath kissed out of him, but he's pretty sure that's exactly what just happened. Tony's an exceptional kisser, all soft lips and dangerously quick tongue that knows exactly where to touch by the time they're breaking apart, Steve's forced into blinking harder than he'd like, just to see the world straight. He smiles sheepishly, and leads the way up the small staircase on the side of the building, the one that leads directly to the small, if lavish apartment he uses, when a hit carries him this far out, or if Bucky's being an asshole. Or he's being an asshole.
Steve laughs quietly, and pulls Tony in for a soft kiss. “yeah. Something else is right.” His voice sounds sad, and that’s not what he wanted, not by a long shot. This was supposed to be easy. A fun night out (or rather, in, ) with a gorgeous guy, that Steve picked up at a club. So why does it hurt so much? Steve feels bad, but he’s pretty sure that he sees his pain mirrored in Tony’s face too, so maybe… maybe he’s not the only one who’s suffering. He takes a deep breath, and offers his heart up for sacrifice. “Stay. Have breakfast with me.” He waits with bated breath, searching Tonys eyes for any sign of an answer. After a few seconds, he has to bite his tongue to keep from adding a pathetic ‘please’
"Or we could meet somewhere in the middle. Italy, maybe. I, uh, never did get the chance to show you the summer house." Steve knows he's breathing shallowly now, but he observes it, more in the periphery than in central focus. It's just a fact that's there. His heart is hammering in his chest, beating a symphony against his ribs, and he swallows thickly, the resultant click sound echoing loud in te dead space around him.
He’s just to the edge of the room, just reaching out for the doorknob, when it’s flung open from the other side, and he freezes in his tracks. Maybe it’s an orderly meant to tell him what the fuck is happening, and who he has to sue, to get out of here. The form in front of him looks up, and Tony gasps instantly.
Tony presses himself closer to Steve, turns his head so that he can speak to Steve instead of to the ceiling.
"I... Italy. Please." He hates asking Tony to do this for him, to go across several time zones because he's a sad sack. But the rogues have better image in the public eye, in most parts of Europe, versus where they're Villainized  in America. It's something to keep in mind, should they be spotted, and god, how he hopes they aren’t spotted. They really don’t need to be doing this at all. He huffs out a nervous breath, and runs a hand through his hair, making a quick mental plan. He needs a jet, needs to make an excuse why he's gone. Needs to tell Bucky to keep his fat mouth shut, because he’s going to know, the moment he looks at Steve’s face. It's nothing undoable. He just needs to get moving, use the cover of night to make this as invisible as possible. And then soon... Soon, he'll have Tony back, in whatever capacity it means.He shifts lightly in the bed, and his hips pop uncomfortably, pulling an involuntary growl out of him. And that’s not… that’s not ideal, is it? A sinking cold icy feeling washes over him and he whines as he's hit with a sudden realization.
“mm, getting you all layed out across my bed, and fucking you ‘til you scream my name?”
Steve sighs softly, and his eyebrows furrow together some, as he thinks it over. It’s not something that he’d thought about, everything had changed pace after Ed disappeared, but… it’s a theory that definitely has validity. He shakes his head softly. “I don’t… I don’t know. But you know what? If he brought you back… whatever consequences it might have, I can’t be anything but grateful to him. For once, please don’t look a gift horse in the mouth.”
“Disable the protocol, FRIDAY. Just… Just strip it all, ok?” he huffs out a semi-hysterical laugh. “that was a long time ago.”
what Steve was expecting, to say the least. The room is fundamentally a Captain America museum. There are posters, cards, comics, and propaganda arranged lovingly all over the room. He collection was clearly curated by a fan, that much is evident from the inset lighting, and protective cases over almost everything. There isn’t a single speck of dust anywhere in this room, and that’s nearly staggering to Steve. If that wasn’t enough to fully rob the air out of his lungs, the centerpiece on the right wall, is. Mounted in a plexiglass case, polished to a high shine, is the dented, rusted, well loved shield that Steve had carried onstage for every USO appearance. He moves to sink his hand into his pockets, in an effort to hide the way that seeing all of this has staggered him.
Bucky groans and shivers harder than he thinks he ever has. His teeth clatter, and he's pretty sure his bones are seconds from shaking apart. He can't even  find the strength to answer Tony, let alone tell him that he's the one Steve's been calling out for in his sleep the last three weeks. Steve leads the paramedics upstairs, straight to Bucky. He hangs back by the side while they check his vitals. His eyes are still pinned, and his blood pressure is elevated unsurprisingly, but he's stable enough that they can transport him on a regular gurney, no backboard. Not that he doesn't put up a fight.
Steve feels his blood freeze over, as S.H.I.E.L.D issue medics rush the scene. Twenty stories is… a lot.
Tony abandons the pillow he'd started cuddling at some point in favor of scooting closer to Steve. He's a lot warmer than the pillow, anyway. He doesn't miss the slight hesitation before the word 'colleague', though he supposes that Steve's business is Steve's business, and he knows the consequences that come with poking his nose where it doesn't belong. Knows that the consequences are rarely pleasant, and he usually discovers things that he could have lived without knowing.
This time, Steve doesn’t manage to keep the laugh back, and Tony looks at him, from over the top of his coffee cup. Steve isn’t sure what he’s expecting to see reflected in those chestnut brown eyes, but it isn’t the animation and sparkle of amusement, and intrigue. Steve’s chest clenches up in something resembling nerves, for the first time in 67 years.
Tony's so sweet though, and so careful about the way he pulls off, Steve can't help but feel his heart swoop just a little, and he smiles, dopily. “Yeah. Yeah I'm ok. It was just…” he smiles softly and his eyes sparkle with
“I’m pregnant. Or… was pregnant?” she turns back to look through the operating window, and a fat tear runs down her cheek. “I don’t… I… oh god, what happens to my baby?” Tony moves to open his mouth, but he really has no answers. there’s an alarm that rings sharp in the operating room below. The girl inhales sharply, and curls further in on herself, looking, quite rightly, like she’s in an immense amount of pain. Tony, at a loss for words, wraps her in a hug, and tries to brush the long black tresses of hair out of her face.
Silence falls over the room, and Ed shakes his head slightly. “because, I need to make sure that Tony’s ok. Its… pertinent.” Steve’s not sure he likes the way that sounds, not by a long shot, but now isn’t exactly the time to question it.
with the Hunt… are you?” The Hunt is directly against basically everything they do. They’ve been trying to avoid them for years, avoiding the territories they operate in, operating in the shadows and silence to stay off their radar. So for a member of the Hunt to wander into a club in their territory, come across Steve of all people, and go home with him… then, return later? That’s not… that can’t be a coincidence. This has to be a hit.
"Missed you." It feels like the umpteenth time he's said it recently, but there's something better about saying it in person.
Bucky stills, tenses to such an extent that it’s visible to Tony, and he lets go of Steve’s hands, stands up, runs a hand through his hair before he looks back down at Steve. His movements are jerky, and Tony wants to stop him from leaving because he knows how much that’ll hurt Steve. Tony doesn’t move, lets him say his piece. “You overdosed and I /didn’t/ know about it? How could…Steve, how could you not tell me? How didn’t…Why didn’t anyone contact me? I’m—I thought I was your emergency contact.” He sounds betrayed more than anything else, definitely not as angry as he could. Tony doesn’t know if that’s a good or a bad sign. From what he’s already gathered, Steve and Bucky’s relationship has withstood a lot, but that was because they always talked to each other, told each other everything, the good and the bad alike. “I’m…I need to clear my fucking head,” he adds in a mutter, stalking out of the room. He grabs his gun as he passes the table, doesn’t bother picking up his coat before he’s out of the loft, bad weather be damned. “He’ll come back,” Tony says softly, because he’s not sure whether Steve wants physical comfort or not. Hell, he’s still not sure where the hell they stand, but now really doesn’t seem like the time to question that.
He takes a step back from the ledge he’s been staring down, unlocking his phone, without turning his eyes away from the two figures that he’s watching, entirely too far off, to hear him speak. “Hullo?”
“Tony, oh my God, baby!” He cringes, as soon as the term of endearment slips out, but it's too late. He's
There’s a knock at the door, and an exhausted Famike comes in, smiling tightly up at Steve “Mister Rogers.” She’s professional enough to ignore the snort of amusement from Ed. “ah, we have some blood work back, but it doesn’t look like there should be any major problems, anything keeping him under. The presiding wants to see if he can get something of a medical history, would you be willing to talk to some of our staff about the enemy you were fighting?”
Steve’s action, the friction against his cock, is enough to pull a moan out of Tony from where it had been resting comfortably behind his ribs. He’s vaguely aware that he’s already being louder than he’d usually be, but it’s a little difficult to hold back when someone who looks like Steve does knows what to do with his mouth – most guys Tony’s met are far more interested in just fucking him, and Tony’s not complaining about that, but it’s still nice to have a change of pace. He resists the urge to push up against Steve, as maddening as it is. When he speaks, it comes out breathless, like someone’s stolen the air from his lungs. He supposes that Steve has, in a way. “Want you—Want you inside me.”
So we added some additional tags for this chapter, check that out. This weeks (which, speaking of, this is hella late, strep throat is a bitch!) chapter title is named for a song that's like hauntingly beautiful for the type of scene that this is. I really suggest you listen to it!
There’s a lot that steve can resist. Torture, suffering, shitty impulse sales based in abusive marketing. He’s strong of will, able to stand his ground more of the time than not, but one thing he could absolutely never figure out how to refuse, is Tony. the way he begs, so sweet and perfect, Steve crumples completely.
“don’t play dumb with me.” Tony merely raises an eyebrow and tilts his head a degree or two. For anyone else, it might seem condescending, but Rhodey’s seen every expression Tony can make, enough times, that he can read him like a book. The ‘what the hell are you talking about’ might as well have been written on his forehead for as clearly as he was telegraphing it. Rhodey sighs exasperatedly, and drops his head back onto the couch. “do not text Steve Rogers. Do not do it.”Tony whines then, everything in his posture crumpling, though it’s minute enough, to be barely visible.
“Uh.” He says intelligently, dropping his blue eyes to the tabletop uncomfortably. He hasn’t really spent long thinking about what exactly it is that he’s thankful for. He supposes that maybe, he’s thankful for not having to carry the shield again, for being able to just
. Tony feels something in his stomach churn, at the feeling of embarrassment, hot and prickling along his cheeks, and the back of his neck. Cap’s probably seen him in more compromising positions, but this… this hurts.
[I'll worry about you as long as I love you, Tony; until the day I die.]
an impersonator?) at the other end of the room and turns back to Steve prime/impersonator, clearly not getting it. He opens his mouth to speak, and Steve prime smiles softly. Fondly. “you’re not dead.” Tony raises a single eyebrow, and now it’s his turn to cross his arms, disbelievingly.
“Which is how I know you’re fucking with me.” he smiles now, and it’s a slight thing, but god, is it distracting. “That has to be the most hipster shit I’ve ever heard.” Clint laughs again, and this time, there’s no guarding there at all. Which is… yeah, should be concerning.
“oh god.”
Tony’s apologies make Steve whine softly, and he pulls away, slowly but determinedly, like he’s been scolded for something. He should have known better, should have allowed Tony more space. They haven’t seen each other in months, and this… this is all too much at once.
"There's something happenin' here, what it is ain't exactly clear... I think it's time we stop children, what's that sound, everybody look what's going down."
Eventually, they have to go back, to New York and to Wakanda, and that last day is terrible, because they both shower with medical grade scent neutralizing soap, and they have to spend the last few hours they get, not touching. Steve mopes, and Tony tears up when he doesn’t think Steve can see.
Steve huffed, and slapped the folder closed, stashing it in his desk, and flopping down into the horrifically uncomfortable bed S.H.I.E.L.D. had provided him. He told himself that it was simple artistic fascination that was to blame, for his dreams of rich, dark, glittering eyes.
“I like it rough,” he says, and hopes that the blush creeping up his neck can be passed off as a result of the kissing. “I want you to push me, until I think I can’t take it. And then I want you to push me more.”
Tony for his part, looks concerned, for all of a second, a single brief, momentary second, before he’s shaking his head.
The kids in the corner probably don’t realize they’ve been made, but Clint’s good at his job for a reason. He can manage to stick to the background, keep himself and lucky enough out of the way, that they just look like a person playing fetch with his dog. He silently thanks Tony for insisting that he let him design these aids, because eavesdropping is much easier than it would have been, two audiologist suppllied sets ago.
“I miss him. Ok? I miss him. And that’s…
“I’m staying at the Avengers Compound,” he says hesitantly, stripping off his boxers and lowering himself into the bubbles. Maybe they’ll swallow him whole. “Rhodey, uh, thought it would be good for me if I was around other people, but I’ve still got the old tower under my name. Haven’t been there in months and the business has moved to the Californian HQ. Nobody…Nobody would know if we went there.” He pauses, afraid Steve'll think this is a trap. God knows, after all of the shit between them, it really would be the icing on the cake.
Tony was constantly turning up with injuries that looked like they might be consistent with that kind of treatment, and for a time, a period of hours really, Steve had wondered if it wasn’t possible for Tony to be the one in the suit, if he had abilities that he wasn’t letting on about. It was a good theory, and there seemed to be evidence that pointed either way, but then Steve turned up for work, another day of watching the businessman work books for Stark industries, and a petty criminal had decided he liked his chances of taking over the world, starting with Manhattan, and Iron Man had flown off to save the day, alongside a handful of other heroes, and Tony sat leafing through last quarters sales as pleased as punch, and Steve thought to himself maybe sometimes a duck was a duck, and a guy in an expensive Armani suit was just a guy in an expensive Armani suit.
stupid.” And it’s not like he doesn’t remember what happened. It’s not like he doesn’t have painfully vivid nightmares every goddamned night, about being left in a burned out bunker, broken down, in a busted suit. Being truly abandoned in every sense of the word. He
Tony shifts all of his weight to one arm, to reach back and lay his hand over Steve's, if only for a second before he has to return to his original position or risk toppling over. He can hold his weight on one arm, there's no doubt about that, but as disoriented as he is with heat, it's probably not the smartest idea in the world.
“You’re in a Ferris Bueller’s Day Off themed shirt. Steve. Honey. We both know I’m hallucinating.” Steve prime (the impersonator?) sighs, and shakes his head softly.
“I… actually, if you don’t mind… I mean, I understand if you want to back out. But… I’m ok with it.” He worries at the thick duvet, where he’s balled it up in his hands. He’s nervous, and it shows in every single line of his posture, but it’s going to be ok. It has to be, because he’s this close to having tony back again. “I’m… I’m still on suppressants. And I’ll wear patches, and scent blockers, if you want just… god, Tony, I miss you. I’m ok with it, if you are.” There’s a moment of silence between them, a few beats of nothing in the dead air space that’s significant enough to have them both on edge, and then finally, mercifully, Tony speaks.
“ok. It’s… I guess there’s a solid month left, before you have to deal with me freaking out about it, completely.” Steve looks concerned, but Tony just smiles softly, pressing up on his toes to kiss Steve on the cheek, the only clue he gives, that he’s kidding, before walking out of the room, leaving Steve to turn off the lights, and shut the door.
Tony makes a face, somewhere between panic and his usual ‘What the fuck am I supposed to do?’ expression, and grabs the wastebasket from where somebody’s left it on top of the dresser. Why somebody left it on top of the dresser is beyond him, but he figures that now isn’t the best time to inquire about that, and puts the basket underneath where Bucky’s currently dry-heaving, so at least nothing’ll get on the floor if he throws up. It’s probably not important in the grand scheme of things, but Tony’s had to clean up after more than one life-or-death event, and it doesn’t exactly help you move on. He faintly hears the sound of the ambulance in the distance as the dispatcher tells him there’s been a slight delay, unexpected roadworks, and that it’ll take another minute and a half to reroute. Tony’s very close to calling Happy and having him take them to the hospital instead—the man has no regard for the law and will break every speed limit he needs to if it means Bucky doesn’t die. Feeling a little useless just listening to the dispatcher telling him to remain calm, he turns to Steve instead, “What’re we supposed to do? Another minute to wait, I’d say three minutes to the hospital itself if we’re lucky, six if we’re not. Is that—Can we afford to wait that long?”
Steve opens his mouth to answer, but the call just comes again.
“I know you left him for dead in an abandoned bunker in Siberia, Steve!” Rhodey bellows, completely demolishing Steve’s attempts to keep the environment as calm as possible. “I know you’re a sorry sack of shit, and I know that you have about three minutes and counting, before JSOC is dragging your ass to the raft where you should have been for the last year.”
This…..
Steves pacing back and forth, nervous already. His pre rut is only getting worse, and with it, his patience is filtering away. His eyes, which had been filtering back and forth between their usual blue and a firey alpha glow at some point had final swapped to gold, and stayed that way. Means he's closer to rut than not now, and things are only getting more dangerous from here. The jet he'd been loaned (officially. With no stealing involved, to his surprise, and little more red tape than a knowing nod from T'challa, that he's sworn to ask about later.) hovers low over the abandoned vineyard. It's odd, to be here, now, so close to Tony after so long apart. He swallows thickly, and engages the cloaking mechanism. Now or never.
"I love you too," he says, voice barely above a whisper. He doesnt need to wonder if Steve's heard it though, enhanced hearing and all that. "I wasn't --" He cuts himself off, changes his mind, and settles on repeating his quiet, "I love you." Because it's enough. It says everything.
“fuck” he whispers quietly, keeping his mouth turned away from the receiver. There’s a huge mission tonight, Bucky’s been talking about it for weeks. Intel thinks they’ve narrowed the bad drugs down to a few solid candidates, and Bucky and Sam think there’s a pretty good chance of striking a few of those names off of the list, if they can get a look at this warehouse. He really needs to be there, especially since the new gang has been marking their bad shit with an emblazoned, stylized red star, meaning to take Steve and Bucky down, by making clients assume they’re the ones producing this shit. It’s crude, but it’s effective, turns out junkies aren’t that reliable. Steve really needs to be there… but… this is Tony. He closes his eyes, against the horrible decision he’s about to make, and nods, to steel himself.
, Stark,” someone muttered.
Steve’s therapy session was winding down for the day. They’d mostly discussed Steve’s art classes, and his other attempts to build a life for himself outside of the team. They’d set goals for their next session, and Domen was sliding her sleek tablet into her briefcase when JARVIS alerted Steve to an incoming call to his personal number.
When Steve returned to find Tony curled up in all of his blankets like a burrito, he frowned and half-jogged his way to the bed.
“You know something.” Bruce didn’t deny it (and thank God, the man was a terrible liar at the best of times), but he didn’t speak either. He just put the popcorn on the floor and hid in his face in his hands in a childlike gesture that managed to ratchet Steve's concern up several degrees. With the entirety of the team’s attention on him, however, the poor guy didn’t really have a hope; it only took a few more probing questions from Coulson and Nat before Bruce sighed.
“I mean, I wouldn’t put anything past him at this point, but no, not to my knowledge. I don’t feel I should divulge all of the reasons since they’re not just SHIELD’s secrets, but please believe me when I tell you that none of us wanted to do it now. I heard you during our previous sessions. I know…I know I’m not ready, no matter how badly I wish I was.”
“But that probably doesn’t apply to Tony’s old universe either.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Content Notes: I’ve had a couple of questions about Peter’s orientation. Since it’s super relevant in this chapter, I felt like I should make a general note. Peter is a Switch.
“This is still about Tony, but a more immediate concern. I think he’s avoiding me.” There were many drunken protests that this couldn’t possibly true, that everyone loved Phil, all of which he waved away. Even drunk, Clint mused, his partner was hella-efficient. “No, seriously. He hasn’t sent any pictures to me all week, and I’m pretty sure he ducked into another room when he saw me in the halls at SHIELD the other day.”
“I got a few tricks up my sleeve. I gotta go the washroom, though, c’mere and sit with him.” Bucky’s eagerness was plain, but he hesitated, his usual unwillingness to interact much with Tony outside of his own submissive headspace just barely holding him back . “He is to me what Steve is to you. Believe me when I tell you I would never let you or anybody else harm him.”
“I believe it is time we discuss when you intend to return home, Captain Rogers.”
At first he tried to enjoy the quiet. Tony had never been the type of person to want company just for the sake of it, after all, and he’d gotten even better at being alone after the War had all but emptied out the Tower and the compound. He drank a whole pot of coffee without the weight of Bruce’s faintly disapproving stare (and then he cleared the plate of scones because the goddamn things were delicious.) He watched the morning news, a habit he’d taken up since arriving here because watching the anchors spend ten plus minutes on stupid shit like which celebrities had broken up and where traffic was particularly backed up was such a fucking miracle compared to the somber disbelief that had coloured all post-Snap media. He munched on the berries while Dummy chased him around the room with a blanket (which his wayward bot had somehow become convinced over the past several days solved all the world’s ills.)
(See the end of the chapter for
He didn’t realize he was still talking, a nonsensical, sobbing stream of pleas falling from his lips, until he ran out of air and was forced to suck in a rasping breath. Above him, Natasha frowned. (Tony didn’t want her to frown, all he wanted was to make her happy, to bring her pleasure and joy and everything she deserved, he couldn’t fuck this up!)
He ignored Bruce’s greeting entirely and began to strip off, tossing the clothes into a pile on the floor next to a neatly bundled set of wires. Midway through clambering onto the exam table, Tony realized with equal parts surprise and annoyance that the awkwardness he usually felt about being naked in front of a fully-dressed Bruce was absent today, replaced by something that felt dangerously close to relief. (Coincidence and the power of suggestion. Had to be.)
Did you SEE the way @SteveRogers looked at @YouKnowWhoIAm during the press conference? So tender. So pure. I just wanna squish their faces together. #AlwaysShipIt #TrueLove #IBelieveTonyStark
“No.” Coulson didn’t sound angry, but there was no mistaking the conviction in his tone. It was enough to get Pepper to look from her phone to where he still stood next to the fireplace. “I apologize for interrupting, Ms. Potts, but I’m afraid that isn’t going to work for us. We would want to be involved in any kind of resource development and support Tony needs. The bond between he and the team was just as much a part of…the other Tony’s identity as his submission, and that can’t be forced for the cameras. I’m not, this isn’t.” Coulson huffed, running a hand over his face. It was the first time Tony had ever seen even the remotest crack in the calm competence that Coulson wore as effectively as Tony wore the suit, or Cap his shield. Clint signed something to him and he nodded, took another long breath, and then turned to Tony. “This is not an attempt to…to
Pepper cast a longing glance back at the document containing their half-completed mission statement.
have likewise occasionally come into contact with the Avengers;
Peter suspects Steve is in the midst of a career change, and for once he reacts...well, like a teenager.
“Do you need some help?” And yes, Tony did need fucking help, thank you Steve, but it wasn’t Sir’s hand on him, it was something leather—his eyes slammed open, finding a thin shaft covered in grey leather which terminated on one end in the handle Steve was gripping. On the other, the side resting against Tony’s chest, was a leather tongue. “I don’t normally allow a sub any other stimulation during this particular exercise, but since you’re working pretty hard for me, I can use this to make it just a little easier.”
She, too, sounded young…Tony stopped admiring the tech long enough to look, really look, at the people in the room. Not one of them could have been older than fifteen. He continued to watch, grinning as they bantered with one another. But there was support and gentleness, too; when the counterbalance on one of the kid’s attempts at a search and rescue assistance bots went awry, the others were quick to offer reassurance and suggestions for the next trial. The room sparked with the kind of energy that no one, not even Tony, could reproduce, a heady cocktail of youth and innovation and community.
When this was all over, Steve vowed to himself as he fell in step with Tony, he would tell him. He’d explain how sorry he was for everything, for the War, for refusing to hear Tony’s concerns about Thanos, all of it. With Pepper seeming to be truly out of the picture, maybe Steve could even finally tell Tony about the many sleepless nights he had lost during their separation, regretting the fact that they’d missed their chance. Steve would tell Tony that he’d had so much more than his share of regret and missed chances in his life already, that he wasn’t going to risk it again if there was even a ghost of a chance that the hints of potential he’d sensed between them before hadn’t been one-sided. (When this was all over. When Thanos was behind them and the world restored to normal…he’d tell him then.)
“You’re fine,” Natasha grunted, seizing the opportunity to pull her leg away from Bruce and set it back down on the bench.
“JARVIS. Lights fifty percent.” The voice came not from Steve’s left, where Tony had been sleeping peacefully only minutes before, but away from the bed entirely. When JARVIS obeyed the instruction and coated the room in soft yellow light, it revealed Tony half dressed next to one of the walk in closets, slipping a pair of sweatpants over his narrow hips.
Comments, kudos and questions for myself or the Doctor (#AskStrange) are always deeply appreciated. You are wonderful readers and I feel privileged to get the chance to share writing and chat about it with you!
“Clint, shut
Content Notes: Not much for this chapter, honestly. Tony uses a gag, but does so at his own request, and not in a context that is sexual or remotely related to humiliation or similar dynamics.
“Clint, Sir,
For the first time since the conversation had started, Peter’s defensive posture and attempts at distancing himself from Tony through anger and irony were falling away. He looked and sounded a lot more like the kid Tony had known in his own world, a resemblance that was both reassuring and devastating. (Yeah, maybe Peter wasn’t the only one who would need to go slow here.)
Phil was all for free debate and making major decisions. It was really the only way to make a poly relationship as large as theirs function. But the debate over Tony’s collar had been raging for weeks now. Everyone had been in favour of not reproducing the collar worn by the other version of Tony; that kind of copying hadn’t even really been a consideration. Not only would they never disrespect either Tony like that, but what had worked for the previous version of the man they had loved (simple, slim, hanging slightly lower on the neck than was customary so that it could be hidden under clothes on days when Tony’s conflicted feelings about his orientation were particularly pervasive) wouldn’t be right for their current submissive at all.
Your comments, kudos, questions, rants, and feedback of any and all forms are all so very much appreciated! Also, I held a live AskStrange on my Tumblr last week and really enjoyed it, so if you're interested in asking The Doctor any questions about this verse and receiving immediate or semi-immediate (the Doctor's 'visions' (aka ficlets) take a little longer), pop over
Clint had tried to turn that particular exercise into something fun by tossing berries and Runts (which, as fruit-shaped candy, he argued were completely interchangeable with the real thing) into Tony’s mouth every time he got a question right. But some of it just…well, it wasn’t particularly fun to chat about. Like when they’d had to talk about how Mark II had died.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No.”
“In the early days of team training exercises there were enough Hulk-outs and corresponding property destruction that Doctor Banner requested that the gym feature some of the same safety measures, yes. But Sir occasionally found ways to put his own…rather unique spin on things when he was well and truly frustrated.” Without further explanation, a dazzling array of digital projections lit up the room. Several of them were enemies that Mark 2 had apparently longed to inflicted more punishment on; those were definitely digital Chituari flying around the northeast quadrant, and a digital-Vanko waiting in the corner, repulser-powered whips at the ready. But whatever program JARVIS was running didn’t stop at offering up the ghosts of villains-past. The room was also populated by a host of movie and television villains—Darth Vader was hanging out next to a digital Justin Hammer, and appeared on the verge of Force-choking the guy. (Might be best to let that one play out. For science.) The Wicked Witch of the West was flying through the air near the Chitauri, tossing what looked like—
“It’s just, you keep triggering the automatic doors, Ms. Potts, and Mr. Thompson has to stand up every time and he has a pretty bad hip, see, and—”
“I’m telling you, I’ve seen Fletcher’s name on something recently.”
Bruce learns more about the depth of Tony's submission, and Steve is reminded that caring for his teammates means more than one thing, even if they're soon to be at war.
but had been professionally tailored from the looks of it, draping Steve’s perfectly-proportioned body just so—had Tony immediately on edge. He himself hadn’t done more than shower and touch up the lines of his goatee, because he was supposed to have hours yet, and how Steve was just standing here all perfect and calm and put together. In one hand he held a bouquet of riotously colourful flowers that were about as far from the kinds of professionally displayed collections men like Tony usually received (he loved them fiercely and instantly); in the other, he held a bottle of ketchup. The only upside was that that last part was so bizarre that it temporarily brought the rest of Tony's panicked thought processes to a screeching halt.
Which meant Steve shouldn’t have been surprised by the request, nor by the fact that Bucky had insisted on their going out together. If nothing else, Steve had been optimistic about the meal; post-HYDRA, Bucky tended toward hedonism with food in particular. He always kept an eye out for new, up-and-coming spots to try, and he was rarely wrong.
Tony alternated staring between the two of them without realizing he was doing it, at least until Barnes met his gaze (which had fallen again on that gorgeous array of marks) and tipped his chin in the direction of his own back.
“It’s good to see you again, Masdee,” Steve stepped in, smoothly avoiding the need for Tony to admit he didn’t know the new arrival’s name. “And Tony, next to her is Agent Talia Avelino. She’s been in Wakanda laying the groundwork for our workplace orientation pilot program since you got back, so you two haven’t met.”
Peter cast a pleading glance in Tony’s direction, but there was too much Tony couldn’t say before the news of Spiderman was finally out in the open. That revelation, oddly enough, went far more smoothly than in the previous universe. (At least, once Peter had unstuck himself from the penthouse wall following a brief demonstration of his powers.)
