And Thor looked so exuberant and hopeful, so different that how he looked previously that Steve folded like a cheap suit.
------
Tony smiled, “Wouldn’t want it any other way, champ.”
Tony turned to the man, condescendingly said, “Settle down and eat your pancakes, huh?”
In the public area, artists supported by the Maria Stark Foundation exhibited their works. The collection here reminded Ellie of the ones in MoMa, except with less post-modern art that she had no idea how to interpret or react to. She walked around the different painting displayed on the wall, until she came around to one painting that everyone seemed to be crowding around in.
“Amy broke up with me.” Ulysses answered despondently.
.” he told Ulysses, “
“Thor, God of Domesticity.” Tony chuckled. He couldn’t deny that it looked cute to see big and brawny Thor so gentle and careful with his kid. Steve finally finished with his cooking duty and sat down next to him with a plateful of pancakes and scrambled eggs. He placed the plate in the middle, to share with Tony, and they enjoyed their breakfast together.
“Come again?” for once in his life, Tony was speechless.
“That’s my expensive Belgian corduroy coat?”
Ulysses’ happy squeals and gurgles warmed his heart. He flashed a warm smile at the little boy slowly coming into his own, his features slowly resembling Steve in the post-serum days. He would be the cutest thing ever, Tony mused.
“Two weeks now. Your torso and your groin has mostly finished regenerating. We’re waiting on your hand and your face now. It’s a slow process, but we’re getting there, honey. We just have to be patient.”
“Nuh-uh, I looked nicer.” Ulysses pouted.
Tony snorted, “Oh please, like you know how to play poker. You lose to Natasha all the time.”
” Tony cooed at his son, wiping the remnants of banana puree of his face.
What’s interesting today was that their usual table had additional people, people who usually sit on the other side of the cafeteria where all the other football players and cool kids sit, not here. People like Jamie Wilson and Aaron Stevenson, who most definitely had one too many hits in the head from playing football because now they were chatting with Joe’s little brother and Ned like they’ve been besties all their lives. As Joe approached the table with trepidation, he noted that the only empty spot was the chair next to Jamie.
And darkness swallowed him whole.
“Your wings have been voted best in Brooklyn two years in a row,” Sharon continued.
Tony looped his arms around Steve’s neck as they continued kissing. The feeling of Steve’s soft, plush lips against his own dry ones was like heaven, like the first taste of water after wandering the desert for years. It was life affirming and all consuming.
“Come upstairs?” Steve asked him again, “we can get pizza and watch that terrible romance movie about us that got everything, except our name, wrong? You can mock them and throw as much popcorn at the screen as you want.”
“Stark-Rogers.”
More sobbing. “I just-- I just can’t believe they replaced the great and talented Billy Mays with this hack! Don’t they have any respect for his memories!”
Steve chuckled at the sight of his family. His heart bursting with love and affection for his mate and their children. He plucked Joe out of the playpen and settled the baby on his hips, pressing a kiss to his head. “You want to learn thermodynamics with Ulysses and Babbo too, sweetheart?”
my birthday.”
So politics have been a non-issue for them. Until one sunny day in July.
“You’re not gonna like it.”
“Stop hammering that nail, Nat. It’s in already.” Tony grumbled.
Tony came to, realizing he has been standing in the middle of the sidewalk with people milling around and walking around him. A few people stared strangely at him, probably thinking he was one of DC’s homeless or drunks walking around the streets in search for more booze or drugs. So far nobody seemed to recognize him, which was all for the better. Tony didn’t think he would have the patience nor the sanity to deal with paparazzi catching a glimpse of what a mess he must look like right now. He stormed out of their suite, not caring whether he had worn the appropriate attire for a walk in the night out in DC. Fortunately the suit jacket he still wore was doing its job in keeping the cold at bay. As Tony took in his surroundings, he saw that he had walked far away from their hotel, and had ended up all the way in front of the World War II memorial on the other side of town. Gazing up at the white marble that built the memorial, Tony tried to imagine what Steve must have felt when he saw this memorial and all the other war memorials located around this place. World War II was supposed to be the war that ended all wars. But then again, that’s what they said about World War I. World War II didn’t end up being the war that ended all wars, rather it became the war that started more wars. Cold War, Korean War, Vietnam War, Iraq War, and so on and so forth. Tony couldn’t help but wonder if Steve ever regretted plunging that plane deep into the Arctic when in the end his sacrifice to save New York ended up in more lives lost in Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Tony wondered if Steve would have approved of that.
“You got a gun?” Steve turned around to face Thor.
“Thanks, Steve. But I really don’t feel up for it,” Thor slumped further in his seat, staring despondently at the tv screen. Steve and Tony exchanged an alarmed look at Thor’s general moodiness.
“Wow.” Jamie felt powerless from the earth shattering revelation that Peter just blabbed out to him. He never thought, not in a million years, that Joe would have reciprocate his feelings or that he would feel the same way that Jamie felt for him. He wasn’t imagining things, wasn’t imagining this gravitational pull, this visceral need to be near Joe. Joe, according to Peter, felt the same way and has been since at least three years ago. “I thought it was just me. I thought it was wishful thinking leading me to believe that I might have a chance with Joe. I mean, Joe is Joe, y’know. He’s so awesome and sweet and kind and so, so smart. And pretty…”
“What’s that, little one?” Thor’s voice drew their attention. He had put the empty bottle down on the counter and was holding Ulysses up to his face. He looked excited, “did you say something?”
Not to sound like the old man that Tony often accused him of being, but contemporary works paled in comparison to what he used to read. There were some that were good, but a lot of them were just not well written and full of cliche. But out of all the books Steve had read in his life he has a soft spot for one particular book:
“That’s the long term plan. The plan right now is to increase efficiency of the reactor from 5 year to 10 years, then it will be cost efficient. Hopefully more cost efficient for Hawaii compared to regular solar panel and fossil fuel powered energy source. The problem is with the current design the reactor core keeps melting because the neutron casing heats up after a couple years.” Tony explained, this efficiency problem he had has been the biggest stumbling block in the reactor’s application. If only Tony could solve this problem, his Bohemian Rhapsody, so to speak, would be complete. And maybe finally get that Nobel prize that he so deserved.
“His doctors say it might never come back.”
Ulysses lifted his from the counter to stare directly at his parents, “After prom. After we danced. She said that since we’re graduating and going to different colleges, it wouldn’t be fair for us to tie each other down with a high school relationship that was gonna end anyway. Said she wanted to get to know other people.”
Bruce was surreptitiously trying to video Tony with his phone, biting his bottom lip to hold back laughter while Thor continued to watch the TV,
Anthony returned the smile with his own, “Then do you mind getting us somewhere else more suitable than a beach with a rotting carcass to spend more time together?”
“What have we got?” Tony tried asking again, though he didn’t know why. It was futile.
“...don’t know what I did wrong, Steve,” Tony heard Thor said, “it was an honest mistake. I didn’t know she can’t even eat honey. I thought being vegan meant she can’t eat meat. Turns out it’s a whole thing about not eating animals and anything produced by animals. What kind of lifestyle is that? It sounds like the most depressing thing in the Universe.”
“He was a security consultant for a waste disposal company in Newark.” Bucky added.
Clint finished pouring water for Loki and placed it in front of his customer, “You mean the band?”
A couple of tense minute where only the sounds of the particle accelerator filling the air. Tony was almost scared of what JARVIS would say next.
Thank you for everyone who has been commenting on this story in my absence. I admit I was a bit reluctant and hesitant to continue this series because I didn't see too many comments or kudos compared to my other stories. But you've persuaded me otherwise.
“The thing is, uh Clint, it’s a bar. It’s an Irish bar. And people, they need to be able to dance, not just--” Steve started to say.
Later, they were laying down in the flower fields, enjoying the closeness of their bodies together, Anthony laying down on top of Steven, kissing the life out of him. Steven was in heaven, the man he loved was in his arms and loving him. They were the only two people in Steven’s world, as far as he was concerned, and nothing could be better.
“Yes, Sir.”
“Tony, you know I have enhanced memory. I still remember what the stick looked like from two years ago for Ulysses.” Steve paused, taking in Tony’s disheveled appearance. His hair was mussed up like he had been running his fingers through his hair multiple times in frustration. Tony’s eyes were wide and full of emotion. He looked equal parts happy and terrified. Though right now, terrified seemed to be the dominating emotion.
“I mean, this place is magic.” Falcon continued, “Your stage has mystic properties.”
“Steve’s painting. Time to watch to the game,” he said motioning to the the tv and pulling up the DVR’d Giants game from last year. Joe’s resigned face said it all.
“Sorry to hear that, buddy,” Steve said in his best caring leader voice, which wasn’t hard to do since the man really did care for his family. He patted Thor’s back, Joe sitting on his lap, his baby blue eyes flickering back and forth from his father to his uncle, as if trying to keep up with the conversation, “I don’t know what else to tell you. I’m sorry I’m really bad at this whole relationship thing. The only person I’ve ever been with is Tony and well, you know how we are. We might scream and holler at each other until kingdom come, but I’d rather fight with him for every damn day of my life than live a life without him.”
“A man matching Sergeant Barnes’ biometrics have been spotted in the lobby of the Tower.” JARVIS announced much to everyone’s surprise.
self, to gauge if he was indeed real, “Yes, as far as I know. Are you sure you’re okay? I saw those priests chained you to this rock and left you here. What is going on here?”
,” Tony tried to calm him down again, “
Tony still remembered what Jarvis told him before he died, how proud he was of Tony, how honored he was to be a part of Tony’s life and how he knew that the best of Tony was to come. Tony’s heart clenched with grief. It had been four years ago, now, but the pain of losing Jarvis was still fresh in his mind. Jarvis was more of a dad than Dad ever was. Jarvis raised him, he was there for every graduation, every science fair competition, every skinned knee he couldn’t heal himself. Jarvis was important to Tony.
Sharon remained silent, recognizing a bait when she heard one. Tony knew that Sharon was attracted to Steve, and hey, he wouldn’t blame her. Anyone who met Steve would be attracted to him. Steve basically redefined what it meant to be an Alpha. He was kind, courageous, courteous, and respectful of people’s personal boundaries and never used his status as an Alpha male to push people of other subgenders around. He was a natural born leader and all-around good person. When Tony first met him, he fell in love (or more appropriately lust) at first sight with Steve. But after getting to know him better, it was hard not to be enamored by him. Steve treated him as a human being first, an omega second. Tony was always going to fall for him. The only people who wouldn’t be attracted to Steve were people who were deceased or just plain evil.
.” Joe concurred. Peter groaned, Joe was not helping at all this morning.
“Well, I told Phil that I knew a place where a couple could get some privacy. Which is what I also told Rumlow. Yeah. That was the point.” Clint finished his long and convoluted explanations.
“What accident? Whose accident?”
-- took the final plunge to move their relationship to the next level. What the fuck, Steve, talk about dropping a Jericho-missile sized revelation on someone. Tony didn’t know what to do, didn’t know what to feel. It felt a lot like he was whiplashed in a car accident.
Strike two.
Steve nuzzled his face into the crook of Tony’s neck where his scent was strongest, reveling in the calm and serenity it brought him, “I behaved like a right bastard to you the whole day. No one should treat you that way, not even me.”
“So they’re your spies then?”
This is a story about two people who found each other despite all of the odds that are stacked against them. And how they stay together through everything, come hail, rain or sunshine.
“Keep talking like that and we’re not gonna make it to Stockholm on account of being indisposed with extended bedroom activities.”
“Life. Life happens.” Clint said sagely, taking a gulp out of his own drink.
Tony growled softly at Steve’s words. “That’s right, your name is fucking
“Go sit on the couch,” the blond suggested, taking off his shoes.
Well. That was a fucking bombshell.
Tony looked down into his little boy’s face, finally noticed the flush on his cheeks, the tiny furrow of his brow as he slept. He was sick. There was no way around it, and there was nothing Tony could do about it.
This…there were no words for this. Steve couldn’t even open his mouth to speak, felt his heart clench and eyes burn, with confusion, and relief, and most of all, guilt.
Steve’s heart did a flip. He was at a loss for words for a second. Tony was sharing a part of his past, a connection with his parents, which he so rarely talked about, with Steve. He was offering a part of himself to Steve, in a way he wouldn’t for anyone else, trusted Steve with it.
“But I wanna see you,” Tony insisted. “I wanna touch you.”
He was so beautiful.
“I understand,” Tony grit out eventually, when his arm was almost numb with the ache of Howard’s fingers digging into it.
“Okay,” Tony sighed, and rolled off of Steve and onto the bed. “You can go ahead and clean me up,” he added, stifling a yawn.
“If he hated you, he wouldn’t have had your kid,” Bucky reminded him, bracing a hand on his shoulder. “I don’t think he’d put himself through this much,
The brunet sighed, brushed a hand through his hair and got out of bed.
“Shh, shh, shh,” he soothed. “I know, honey, I know.” The Alpha rocked him gently, took his tiny hand in his own.
Either way, Tony kept brushing his fingers against Steve’s as they passed market stalls, gave him those eyes that said he was up to trouble, and Steve, as always, walked willingly into his trap by asking what he wanted.
“Here, let me take him,” Tony replied.
“Here,” Steve replied, pulling back out of his grasp. He tugged off his own jacket, put it around Tony’s shoulders.
“Of course it was a bother,” Tony replied, shaking his head. He frowned a little at himself. “I called you in the middle of the night. You had to come pick me up, off of some random street, practically carry me up to your apartment, and then you gave me your bed too. I mean, Jesus, did you sleep on the couch?”
“I know,” Steve replied, dropping his leg in favor of brushing a hand down his chest, settling on his abdomen. “You’re so gorgeous, sweetheart, taking so much, just for me.”
“It’s really good,” Steve replied. “Way better than the other one, honestly. It feels...more me.”
buying,” he replied, and left the room to head back to the elevator.
bread too, when Steve knew that Tony wasn’t a fan of baking. When Steve caught sight of the table, his mouth watered a little. He was pretty hungry. On closer look than when he came in the door, it really looked amazing.
Why did this kind of stuff happen so much? Why did his life always seem to be spiraling out of control? Why couldn’t he just be normal, be strong, like everyone else? He asked himself a hundred variations of those questions during their car ride, each variation harsher than the last, more self-dejecting. He’d always been good at making himself upset. That never seemed to change.
he thought, prayed Tony could hear him somehow.
, fuck—close, I-I’m close,” the soldier gasped, and couldn’t help but shift his hips, trying to get more of either pleasure, the one above him or within him.
of him, and a lump grew in his throat. The memory was still so vivid, so harsh, and Tony hated it so much. He struggled to force it back down. “I—I just want you to know that,” he added.
rain, and snow, because of it.
He didn’t want to be angry anymore. He just wanted to feel normal again.
Tony kind of hated Steve’s suit.
“God, l-listen to you,” he gasped, slipping the hand on Tony’s chest down to his other thigh, spreading his legs wide. “Such a slut. Quick to talk back, until you’re on my cock. Can’t talk back now, c-can you?” he grit out against Tony’s ear.
Steve leaned low over him, his body a warm barrier keeping Tony sandwiched between him and the bed. “Then you get fourteen more of those,” he said, and it was a statement, not a question.
He was worried, and rightly so, in his opinion. He didn’t relinquish his hold on Tony’s hand though. He—he told himself it was for the brunet’s comfort, but it was more so for his own. He was more than aware of the way things could’ve ended up tonight, if Tony hadn’t called, if things had gone differently. The thought that Tony could’ve been
“Wakanda,” Steve said, though he didn’t sound excited about it. He let out a sigh, knowing exactly how difficult what he was about to suggest would be. “If…if we can get to Wakanda, T’challa can get us a secure line. We can call Tony, figure something out. The last email we received said Bucky was in the next phase of recovery. He could vouch for us if we need him to.”
“I’ll figure it out,” Tony said, because he had to.
? What had he done to deserve this?
“Fuck,” he gasped, drinking in the view.
“How are you feeling?” Steve asked, scribbling lines onto the sketchbook he’d bought himself two days ago. He’d missed holding a pencil in his hands, and although he hadn’t really drawn anything yet, it offered him a little more comfort than he’d been giving himself all this time.
Rhodey looked over his shoulder to make sure Tony had started eating. He knew what was going on, what the brunet was trying to do, and knew he needed a little help to do it.
Tony talked about his kitchen adventures, mentioned the special ingredients he’d added. He talked about the project he was working on, the adjustments he wanted to make to his latest suit. He started to tell a story from his childhood too, but remembered that particular one always left him in a sour mood, so he cut it off, changed the subject. Steve made up for it with one of his own.
. It was only in bed that he made desperate little noises: noises that the public would be shocked, scandalized even, to hear, but that Steve got to hear all the time, got to enjoy. The blond prided himself on turning the genius into a babbling mess on occasion, the fact that he
God, could this really be happening? Was he really so lucky? Was Steve
Steve sighed softly, rubbed his back. He hated seeing Tony like this, so vulnerable, so hurt. It tore his own heart up every time he’d seen him like this. He deserved only the best, only happiness, but tonight, that seemed entirely out of reach. All Steve could hope to do was offer him comfort.
“Well, it brought you to me, and anything that has to do with you can’t be that shitty after all.”
“Try not to worry too much,” Steve said eventually, though he himself worried. “We’ll figure it out.”
Tony’s heart melted at that, and some of the tension left his shoulders. “I’m glad you stopped me,” the brunet replied. “I don’t know if I would’ve had the courage to say something if you didn’t.”
Rhodey smiled a little, shook his head. “No,” he admitted.
The smell of pasta was strong and tantalizing, even from a distance. Tony had pulled out the
his mate replied.
“Well momma?” Celene said at his other side, grinning. “What’s his name?”
Tony shot him a mean glance over his shoulder, and for a second his confidence faltered, but no. He didn’t want to go back on it now. “I can take it.”
He knew he’d been out of sorts, drifting at sea these last few months, letting the tide wash over him again and again, and drown him in misery. He knew it wasn’t fair to his team. He knew they relied on him, had trusted him to guide them right. Steve obviously had failed in that aspect, but he still had a responsibility to them, still needed to lead them. He had to try to put himself back together.
Was he
short,” Tony insisted. Hell, thanks to the shoes he wore outside of the house, he was even taller, standing at 5’11” when appearing publicly.
Steve was still trying to find the right words to apologize. He’d tried already, more than once, but it didn’t seem to be enough, because Sam was still admittedly cold to him, still kept his distance. They had barely spoken in the last week and a half. Nobody was in high spirits in general, though. When was the last time they
, to let Steve in, at least a little. He couldn’t deny the joy it brought him, the ease, the withdraw of the panic and anxiety that had filled him for so long he’d been more anxiety than man. He was still scared. He was still angry, and he was still hurt, but he was willing to move on from all of that, to
He didn’t draw as much as he used to, at least not seriously. Most of his drawings these days were silly little sketches that he let Peter color in, trying to encourage his creativity. He was a fan of really bright colors, his favorite being green, so Steve had a couple page’s worth of green drawings. Now though, he had a little bit of time to actually draw, and found inspiration in the garden.
“Truce,” he agreed, and set his hands over Steve’s, kissed him deeply, desperately, like he’d wanted to for so long now.
he promised the Tony in his mind’s eye.
he thought, because he knew, deep down, that if it came to it, he’d let Steve do it all again.
He drew back, rested his elbows on the bar behind him, and slowly shifted in his seat so his legs were spread in invitation. It was subtle enough that no one really noticed, but Steve sure fucking did, and a flash of arousal settled in his groin.
Steve hummed a little. He did know that. “Well then how about you go find the candles along the way? What do you say to a nice, romantic bath while we wait for the power to come back on?”
Tony hummed a little, and his eyes fluttered. If anyone else said the words, he’d be offended, but when Steve said them, he loved it. “Well you love this fucking
“You can shut your mouth, or I’ll find something to fill it,” Steve growled, and the way Tony’s breath hitched sent heat straight to his cock. That was a fantastic idea, actually. Tony was always gagging for it, sometimes literally, and Steve didn’t think he could take any more of that smart mouth right now. Tony wanted to play? Fine.
“Well, then I suggest we get going,” she started. “There’s no point in waiting around here. No one’s going to rescue us.”
Tony loved Steve with all his heart, knew he’d never love anyone more, and the fact that Steve felt the same, that he’d told him so, suddenly made Tony forget all about the shitty turn the morning had taken. It felt like a weight had been lifted off of his shoulders, off of his heart, and he knew that was what Steve intended. He knew he could count on Steve to pick him up when he fell, no matter how hard, and that? That was pretty amazing.
“Tony?” Steve asked, taking swift steps around the car.
When bratty 21 year old Tony Stark humiliates a group of party-goers for the millionth time, his big, beautiful boyfriend Steve (28) has to teach him a lesson about bad behavior.
“But if you did that, then I wouldn’t have a reason to do this,” Steve replied, and let his lips wrap around the head once more, swirled his tongue for emphasis. It always drove Tony nuts when he did that, and it did it this time too.
“You love him, right?” he prompted.
“I—We saw the Treatise announcement, just now. T’challa got a message, read it to us. Tony, I—Why would you do that?” the blond asked, shaking his head in disbelief. He didn’t understand, couldn’t understand. “Why?”
“You can do the whipping,” Tony said, setting the basket down so he could join Steve. “Both figuratively and literally. I can’t get the hang of baking.”
Tony leaned over Steve a little, took in the calm, content, blissfully unaware expression on his face, and pressed a kiss to his forehead. “I love you,” he whispered, with as much earnest tenderness as he could muster.
He wished he never had to him let go.
Luckily, Tony sensed his fears, and offered him a balm.
“Your life’s already been uprooted once. Do you really wanna risk it again, just for me?” Tony asked.
“Good,” Steve replied. He brought a hand up, brushed his fingers gently through Tony’s sweaty curls, and shifted a few moments later, prepared to get up. His clothes were practically ruined at this point. He’d have to send Tony over to his room for new clothes. “But we’re kind of gross, and we forgot to lock the door.”
But it wasn’t fair. The man was
“I-I’m sorry. I’m sorry. You’re right. You were right, about all of it. I’m so fucking sorry,” he replied, his words rushed, insistent.
“I’m glad we decided to stay home,” Tony replied. “You know I hate getting stuck in the rain.”
They looked at each other for a moment, and Rhodey was relieved to see some affection slip back into the brown of Tony’s eyes, into his scent. He was glad the hostility was more or less gone, and that they could carry on normally. They didn’t argue or fight often, but it was always a relief when it was over, and things went back to normal.
Now, for one of the few times in his life, he was panicking.
Steve’s big hands brushed down his sides, his fingers dragging just slightly against Tony’s smooth skin. Tony’s skin was always so beautifully tan, even in the winter months, and he took care with expensive lotions and oils that always left him silky and smelling good. Steve pulled his hands back, brushed his thumbs against his boyfriend’s nipples, and placed a kiss to Tony’s jaw. “You’re so beautiful. You belong in a museum,” he said softly.
It was fun keeping Steve in suspense sometimes, making him wonder if the answer really was yes. Tony had never denied him when asked, and the same was said the other way around. They were usually on the same page, when it came to being in the mood. It was one of the few topics they’d never argued about (except maybe the day…no. Neither wanted to think about that. That memory was better left behind).
The redhead hesitated a moment, her eyes flitting between Tony and the baby, and Tony’s stomach sank. He’d seen that face before, on several different people, and it never meant anything good.
himself to Tony. Steve would always be there for him, in whatever capacity he wanted, or needed. Even if he could never confess his true feelings, would have to settle for what he had, he would gladly bear the burden. Tony had quickly become the most important person in Steve’s life, and so it didn’t take more than a moment of consideration tonight for him to hop out of bed, get dressed, and to come find him.
Steve’s face twisted into a satisfied smile, but it was short-lived. Tony clenching around him felt sinfully good, and now he went lax, and Steve could fuck him deeper. He managed a few more sharp thrusts, until it was too much, and in a matter of seconds, he was following Tony over the edge, fingers pressing bruises into those pretty tanned thighs as his cock pumped him full of cum.
He stood up to his full height, squared his shoulders. “Get up,” he said, authority in his tone.
“Don’t worry about it,” Steve replied, and brushed a hand through his slightly-disheveled hair.
By the time he made it up to the penthouse, he was feeling a little nauseous, but JARVIS had informed Steve of the situation, and Steve put aside writing up their latest mission reports in favor of guiding Tony to the bedroom, helping him out of his suit and into bed.
. He was probably angry at all of them, not just Steve. But perhaps Steve could call on his generosity once more, not for himself, because he knew he didn’t deserve it anymore, but for Wanda, who still had a life ahead of her, and deserved more than running around as a fugitive. Maybe Tony could offer that grace, like he had offered so much in the past.
“FRIDAY?” The AI didn’t need much more direction than that, having dutifully processed the conversation.
He could see the challenge forming in Tony’s mouth before he could even get the words out, saw the flash of excitement in his eyes.
“My Tony,” he growled out, nipped at his shoulder, and it made the brunet’s eyes roll back in his head.
It was quiet, thankfully, except for the pattering of raindrops on the windows, and Steve’s steady breathing above him.
The brunet laughed at that, and he had to remind himself to be quiet. Steve grinned up at him, all affection, and it made Tony’s heart flutter. “Well, I could go for a nap too,” he said. “The couch is a little too small for the three of us though. You got enough strength to move to the bedroom?”
“If I say you deserve me, then you deserve me,” Steve replied matter-of-factly. He pulled Tony’s hand off of his hip, held it gently in his own, looked into his eyes. “I love you, Tony. You make me happy. You make me feel alive, and after so many years in the ice, after losing everything I had, there’s no greater gift you could give me.”
Rhodey came to that conclusion at the same time Tony did, and thank god he did, because the hand he put on Tony’s shoulder made him remember to breathe.
“I…I was starting to think you were avoiding me,” Tony admitted, voice muffled from where his face was pressed against Steve’s chest. He squeezed his eyes shut, tried to quell the lump that was forming in his throat.
Tony didn’t mean he couldn’t
Tony was already looking pretty miserable. He’d been in such better spirits the last few days, but it seemed that was over. Rhodey couldn’t blame him. No one wanted to deal with this. No one knew exactly what
a bit of that fire, to steal it and keep it for himself.
Steve let out a little gasp. He could admit the thought of Tony stuck on his lap, filled with his cock for hours on end was more than a little enticing. It must have shown in his eyes because Tony tilted his head up a little, grinned at him.
Tony took a deep breath, looked down at the photo on the phone’s screen. It was an okay photo of him, all things considered. It was just of him standing in front of the mirror, turned to the side to emphasize his belly. He’d kept his face out of the shot, didn’t quite want to share it yet, but could share this. He had to, even if it was difficult. He wasn’t exactly content with the changes his body was going through in general, so sharing them with Steve just added another layer of difficulty, but he’d promised a photo, and was going to deliver.
To his surprise, Tony
Tony turned a little so he could snuggle into Steve’s side, swung an arm around his midsection. “Thank you,” he sighed into Steve’s shoulder. “I mean it.”
He felt a bit like an intruder, leaving the bedroom and entering the hall. He couldn’t hear anything really, and suspected Steve wasn’t even home at the moment, so he went to the bathroom, tried to make himself look a fraction more presentable, and relieved himself. The bags under his eyes were darker than usual, and he looked a little dazed, kind of miserable when he regarded his reflection in the mirror, but he kind of expected that, after the night he’d had.
of time had passed, since the contractions started, and since his water broke. It took hours for his cervix to dilate fully, and it’d been hours since, with him struggling, trying to push, and the ordeal still wasn’t over with.
“I wouldn’t expect anything less from my husband,” the brunet said matter-of-factly.
“Ooh, what are you gonna do, daddy? Punish me?” the brunet taunted, swaying his hips a little. Steve let out a sharp exhale, and it made Tony smirk. That nickname always did something to Steve, and it did something to Tony too, felt so wrong, but so
Steve asked, and Tony pressed his forehead against the phone console, flinched a little at the cold temperature. He wished it were Steve standing in front of him instead, wished he could curl up inside the soldier’s voice and disappear.
Steve loved his stubbornness though; it matched his own. Despite their obvious differences, they were quite similar in a lot of ways, and it took close inspection and countless hours shared between them to realize it. He loved Tony, faults and all, loved that he was here right now, that he had this power over his boyfriend, this
This…
Tony can't get enough of his big, sexy werewolf boyfriend, and will gladly let him knot him over and over again.
Tony’s throat got tight at that, and he couldn’t find words. The fact that he meant so much to Steve, that somehow he was what made the blond’s day, was kind of overwhelming. Suddenly it didn’t matter so much that his father didn’t care much or think highly of him, because Steve did, and his opinion was worth more than anybody’s, and always would be.
“And what do you want us to do about it?” Tony prodded, frowning.
“Well fuck,” he said, barely a whisper. He didn’t know what else to say.
“Sounds good to me. Thank you.”
Pepper had to go back to California for some business, and Happy accompanied her, so Tony really didn’t have a choice but to patch things up with Rhodey anyway, unless he wanted to be entirely alone(which sounded kind of appealing, but he knew it was impossible, given his condition). It ended up being easier than he anticipated to patch things up, but it wasn’t entirely painless.
Tony jolted at that. He was sure no one would come in, at least not without knocking and waiting, but the thought that they could be caught, that someone could walk in and find them, tangled together on the bed and covered in cum, the evidence of what they’d just been up to crystal clear, was equal parts terrifying and enticing.
Steve had a lot of patience though, knew how to handle Tony most of the time. A firm hand on his waist or a warning spoken lowly into his ear was usually enough to get Tony to behave, at least for a little while. Tony was perfectly sweet when they were alone, always listened and even conceded often, let Steve have his way. He could compromise when he wanted to. He rarely lied, and was always eager to spend time with Steve, regardless of how that time was spent. He was kind, and curious, and helpful, and was always coming up with grand ideas, with little projects or inventions that he wanted to chase, and Steve loved it. He loved that calm, happy, and wonderful side of Tony, which he didn’t think everyone got to see. Tony was intelligent and most often meant well, but sometimes (quite often actually) he was restless, and irritable, and that turned him more than a tad whiny and vindictive, and hard to placate.
“Fuuuck!” he groaned.
Steve looked tired—it was the middle of the night after all—but didn’t seem upset, or angry, at least not at him. There was a clench in his jaw, a little furrow to his brow that told Tony he was thinking something unpleasant, and he had been ever since they left the party. Steve’s hand around his was warm though, his touch firm but gentle, and the warm washcloth stung a little, but Tony managed not to pull away, merely pursed his lips as Steve patted his hand dry and applied a band-aid.
“If the thing is on, I can. I can modify mine, transmit a signal from my end and see where it pings, target the companion’s location. If it’s off or damaged though, no go.”
Tony really should have put away the groceries immediately, but needed a pick-me-up so to speak, in the form of the presence his mate and child. The work could be left for later.
They more or less sat in misery together. Steve took slow sips of his tea, tried to find comfort in the peppermint flavor, but it did nothing to soothe his wandering mind. He couldn’t help but reflect on all of his mistakes, all of the choices that had led him here. God, if he had only been willing to try it all a different way, to
Howard shoved him away then, and Tony stumbled, his hip hitting the corner of his father’s massive desk. He let out a little groan, but didn’t get any sympathy for it.
wrecked, even though he was the one doing the fucking. Tony’s body just drove his own insane, and his personality, his soul, drove the soldier’s
damned their child.
“Get out of my office,” Howard said. “I’ve got a meeting in Austria tomorrow, and a few more things to finish up before travelling. Watch yourself,” he said with a warning index finger. “If I come back to discover any more mistakes of yours, there’ll be hell to pay.”
Tony managed a little laugh that sounded more like a sob, because now
Tony smiled into the latter, linked his arms around Steve’s shoulders. “Love you,” he sighed.
, fucking his mouth until it was a sloppy, wet mess, and he could feel himself climbing over that peak, his cock twitching as it slid in and out of Tony’s pliant mouth. “Shit, oh, I’m—I’m gonna—“
Steve’s hips properly jerked then, chasing the heat, the slick slide of Tony’s mouth. It was sinfully good, always was. Tony had a way of making him feel like he’d never felt before, like every nerve in his body was on fire, was pulled and stretched to its limits and put back together again in a better way, a sweeter way. His attention was singular, intoxicating, even if Steve was as familiar with it now as he was his own body. He’d never get enough of whatever Tony gave him.
damning, had too much respect for his big beefy boyfriend for that, but he liked toeing the line, making Steve wonder how far he would truly go.
was able to get a nap in. He may have fucked up his sleeping pattern a little tonight, but that was okay. It was worth it for getting actual rest, for a relief from the pain for a little while.
of things that bother me.”
Tony considered the question as he settled in the car. “Well I don’t wanna live up here or anything, but it was nice.” The brunet reached in the glove box, traded his sunglasses for his regular glasses. “Cute little business. I can see why they do well.”
He knew the feeling. He wasn’t a stranger to shame. He had more shame than most people accumulated in their entire lifetime, more guilt too, especially when it came to his relationship with Steve, with the ups and downs they’d suffered. He tried not to think about those days, about waking up miserable every day, crying so many tears they were impossible to count. He tried not to think about how much it hurt, knowing he had fucked up, knowing Steve had fucked up too, and lacking the courage to fix it. It was bad enough he dreamt about it on occasion, and Steve seemed to as well.
Ooh, snap! Cliffhanger!
And no that was not adorable at all, shut up.
“It’s quite the massive erection.” Anthony piped in mischievously.
That morning they were all gathered in the kitchen for breakfast, like they usually did. Steve and Bruce were cooking what looked like a whole hog’s worth of bacon and eggs for the family, while Natasha and Sam were sitting at the counter, her drinking imported Russian tea while Sam was reading the news on his own tablet. Clint and Thor weren’t awake yet, but the smell of bacon would bring them up, sooner or later.
“Language, babe.” Tony snickered.
Bucky was nervously chewing on his cuticles, a nervous habit that he never really let go of from his younger years and Sam sat next to him, arms crossed and leg bouncing up and down in agitation. Only Thor seemed calm, his presence and bulk a source of comfort for the rest of them. He sat next to Bruce, and when he thought no one was looking he would place his hand on Bruce’s shoulder and gently rubbed it in an effort to calm the scientist down.
He came back to their suite with a baby in his arms to find the food he ordered for two already halfway to being eaten by his sons.
“Ulysses
“Jim, you’re one of the best men we know.” Steve gestured to himself and Tony, “We think highly of you and we named Ulysses after you and my own best friend. We can’t think of anyone more appropriate to be his godfather than you. And Bucky, if he ever comes back.” Steve’s voice was a little subdued as he mentioned that last part. Tony placed his hand on his mate’s thighs in a comforting gesture.
Steve looked amazed at Tony’s approach. He smiled sheepishly and said, “Now why didn’t I think of that,”
Steve nodded in assent and said, “I understand, Tony. The defense contracting business, it’s truly a double edged sword. On one hand, someone has to provide all the armament and weapons our troops need to survive. But on the other hand, the things you provide them are used to protect them at the expense of someone else’s life. They may be the enemy, but you can’t deny their humanity.”
“So basically what you’re telling me is you’re blackmailing me?”
Per Dr. Rosenberg’s order Tony was to remain on bedrest until the bleeding stops, at which point he would need to come to the hospital for dilation and curretage to clean any placenta that might be left behind. They managed to present a calm and collected front in front of Dr. Rosenberg, which they abandoned the moment Steve saw the doctor off at the elevator.
“Is that him? My new baby brother?” Ulysses asked.
“What does that mean, doctor?” Steve asked him. Tony was speechless. Out of all the things that could occur to him, this was the last thing he ever expected to happen.
“Oh, forget it.” Tony Stark gasped out, “We’re not gonna make it, Steve. Baby’s coming now.”
So Tony went along on all their jaunts all over the island. He took them to the North Shore to see the macadamia farms and the pineapple plantation. Then they went island hopping, taking the jet from the Big Island, Maui, Molokai and all the way to Kauai. That island hopping trip was one part vacation, one part business trip as he and Pepper looked around for future sites for the arc reactor plants SI planned to build in Hawaii.
Steve sighed. Tony was being unreasonable and over the top, likely still feeling guilty about day drinking and not being there for Joe when he had an allergic reaction and for losing Ulysses. Steve had repeatedly told him that everything turned out fine, he had nothing to feel guilty about. Day drinking was probably not a good move, but there were extenuating circumstances so Steve let that slide.
doing here?” Clint screamed, “you just disappeared right after you entered the Gorgon’s lair and then suddenly reappeared in my island. What the hell happened?”
Or cutting her pay.
“Because you’re strong enough to bash his head into the wall, and I’m not.”
They were silent for awhile, a moment of silence in remembrance of a good man gone too soon. Neither of them seem to notice nor mind the fact that Steve was still holding one of Tony’s hands in his own.
(See the end of the chapter for
I know the order of the scenes are a bit messed up, but I haven't seen IM3 in a while and I tried to write Chapter 1 from memory and it turned out that the events in this chapter actually happened first. Oh well, it's my fic and it's an AU, I can do what I want lol
“Well, glad to know at least one person thinks the Omega is the logical one in this relationship.” Tony said wryly.
lmao i cast the Guardians as nymphs and a freaking pegasus. forgive me
“You said it yourself, Steve,” Tony sighed, “You haven’t been around much.”
“I know,” Steve sighed, “you’re right. I guess I just hate feeling useless. You still have to take care of your work with SI and the Avengers, on top of taking care of me and the boys. I usually help you with those stuff and now I can’t.”
“Do? We do nothing. We thank him and we keep our mouths shut.”
“No point in praying for Thor. He’s already a god.” Steve smiled at his mate, taking the proffered orange juice. Tony, Natasha and Bruce were eating eggs benedict, no doubt cooked by their resident chef Bruce Banner himself. He took a bite out of Tony’s ham, relishing in the salty and fatty taste of the ham mixed with the egg yolk.
“Then explain to me how so many people who’ve played here over the years have gone on to fame and fortune.”
“Well, it’s what they discussed that’s important.” Coulson told them.
“Don’t let Bruce hear you say that. He might get upset and hulk out.”
“My theory? It’s the murder victim’s gun.” a new voice filtered in to the gathering personnel of
He single handedly revolutionized the face of science, technology, engineering and mathematics. Little by little, he’s paving the way for a better life, a better future, using science. Though the press and the media were more prone to broadcast details of his party lifestyle and his exploits as a playboy billionaire, rather than his achievements and contributions to the scientific community.
That stopped Tony short. He looked up sharply at his friend, trying to see whether he heard her correctly.
’. Tony glared back.
“I made your favorite breakfast: biscuits and gravy. Hope you’re up for it.”
Steve was searching for Tony. They hadn’t spend time together just the two of them in a week, what with Tony working overtime before they all left for the vacation and Steve making all the appropriate arrangements with the X-Men, Fantastic Four and Doctor Strange to leave New York and the world in their capable hands. Steve intended to make this vacation a chance to jump start their romance. He was going to spoil Tony endlessly, make him feel good and relaxed and appreciated and loved. Tony did so much for their family, it was only right for Steve to return the favor. He had made a reservation for the hotel to cater for a dinner for two on one of the nights they were staying there. He made arrangements with Bucky and Natasha to take the kids out for dinner and a show and to keep them overnight, just in case the night turn to amorous avenues and they needed the whole suite for themselves. Steve flushed at the thought of making love to Tony, even after all these years thinking of Tony’s body and how it felt against his never failed to light the flames of desire within him.
And Jamie seemed to feel the same way if the glances, the smiles and the touches he gave Joe were any indication. Joe has been raised by his amazingly loving and supportive parents who never hesitated to show him and his siblings how much they loved their sons, his two brothers were his first and forever best friends, his gaggle of uncles, aunts and cousins completed the picture. Joe never lack of love in his life. He knew how it felt like for someone to love you unconditionally and support you no matter what. But the way Jamie made him feel, it was different. Jamie made him feel like he was the most precious human being on Earth, the only one who mattered to him and the only one that would complete him.
Steve didn’t escape fast enough from the warehouse and so he was well within the blast radius when the bomb finally detonated. Natasha and Clint watched in horror and disbelief as the warehouse went up in flames, ashes and dust left in its wake, charred bodies littering the grounds.
Jamie’s brain was working on overdrive all the way home. That voice and that rambling devoid of any pause was familiar. There was only one person in the whole wide world who sounded and talked just like Spiderman did. The kid didn’t even bother doing anything to disguise his voice other than the sad attempt of making his voice sounded deeper, which to Jamie just sounded like he was having a sore throat more than anything.
“Whatever helps you sleep at night, Thor.” Steve responded glibly, settling down on the couch with Tony in his arms. Tony readily nuzzled his face into Steve’s neck, eyes closing blissfully as he rested in his mate’s arms.
It was the day after his twenty first birthday. After a night spent partying and drinking (finally legally), he showed up at the Stark Industries headquarters for his inaugural day as the CEO and Chairman of the Board of Stark Industries, eager to leave his mark on the company, to lead Stark Industries out of the military industrial complex and on to bigger, better and frankly, more benevolent things.
It was hard to recall any occasion or instance where they were proud of him. To recall times when they were scared or annoyed with him was easier, especially if they were afraid that Tony’s ‘little secret’ was in danger of being discovered. After that fateful day, eighteen years ago, he never talked about his abilities or even showed it to anyone. He was tempted, so tempted, to tell Jarvis, but out of respect to his parents he didn’t. He did use it on Ana Jarvis, back when Ana was suffering from chemo to surreptitiously ease Ana’s pain, if only so she could get some sleep or stomach the bowl of soup Jarvis would make lovingly for his wife. Tony had a feeling Jarvis suspected, but the man never said anything to him nor made his suspicions known.
Anthony snapped back to attention, “Are you real?”
“Steve and I have sex, Barnes. Get over it. Where do you think your nephew comes from, a stork dropped him off on the roof?”
“Guess so.” Tony grinned mischievously before pulling Steve further in until they’re kissing deeply. Steve felt the warmth of Tony’s mouth against his, eliciting a groan of pleasure from him. He felt Tony moaned sweetly against his lips. Even after all these years it still filled Steve with a sense of awe that this amazing, beautiful omega chose him to be his mate, to be his life partner, to be the bearer of Steve’s children. They parted after awhile and while Tony looked more awake now, there was still that softness from sleep on his face.
“Thank you, Groot,” Steven told him kindly, then helped Anthony mount the horse before hefting himself up Groot’s back and settling behind Anthony. Anthony leaned his body back towards his and smiled mischievously up at him. Steven was helpless not to return that charming smile, nor was he able to resist the urge to place a light kiss on the prince’s lips. Anthony hummed happily at the kiss and deepened the kiss by placing his hand on the back of Steven’s head, opening his mouth and slyly caressing Steven’s lips with his tongue.
He found Tony in the workshop, but not on his desk, tinkering on a prototype or anywhere near his car collections where he could sometimes be found playing around and making modifications on his cars. Steve spied the custom-made Chevy Camaro Tony was building for Ulysses’ 18th birthday was shoved in the furthest corner of the workshop, hidden under a tarp to hide it from prying eyes of their eldest son. He thought Tony would be working on it tonight, but instead Tony was laying down on the cot that a long time ago has been designated as Steve’s spot in the workshop.
Now that was an interesting point that Anthony raised. A coincidence? The things that have to happen for Anthony and Steven to meet included, but was not limited to, Alexander showing up at his house harassing his parents. It was mid morning, Steven would have been at sea. If Clint and Natasha weren’t there in his boat with him, he wouldn’t have known anything was happening back in the shore. Clint having a vision at just the right time, teleporting him back home just in time for Alexander to issue his challenge. Maria and Sam lending him her shield and his boots, the helmet of invisibility courtesy of Hades. And on the other side of the world, Anthony’s father just happened to make a flippant comment about his beauty and enraging the Nereids and Poseidon. Anthony’s father just happened to consult Clint’s oracles and Steven just happened to chose that particular coastline to land on to afford Groot some rest and came upon Anthony chained to the rock on his way back to Seriphos.
“Yup, greasy just like Dad.”
It had been three months since Ulysses and Joe discovered Peter’s Spiderman alter ego. Peter had begged his older brothers to not say anything to their parents, insisting that this was something that he had to do, now that he has this awesome powers and abilities in his hands, it was his responsibility and his calling in life to use it to help people. His older brothers relented, persuaded by Peter’s heartfelt pleading. They did have two conditions though. First was that Peter would not hide any injuries that occurred during his nightly patrols even though it would heal with Peter’s enhanced healing. Their second condition was that Joe and Ulysses would be redesigning Peter’s costume and web shooters. They had been apoplectic once they realized that their baby brother was swinging through Manhattan in a ski mask, tights and subpar web fluid.
“Well, you’d know better than me.” Tony acknowledged, “Yup, she’s gone. Had a good time in Hawai’i and now back to the ole humdrum of the corporate life.”
“I mean, I didn’t know it was going to end. Who’s to say that just because we’re going to different schools, our relationship wouldn’t work?” Ulysses asked shrilly, “no one knows that.”
Tony closed his eyes in relief. They’d be okay, they got this. Steve wouldn’t let him down. He felt Steve tugged his pants down, and covered his groin with Tony’s jacket and knelt in front of him. “Okay, Tony, the next time contraction hits, you have to start pushing, okay? Ready?”
“What the hell?!” Jet Ski guy exclaimed, “Dude, what the fuck is your problem?!”
Tony sighed. He didn’t want to get into it in Ulysses’ nursery. That would scar the child for life, regardless of whether or not he would remember any of this once he grew up. “Not here.” he said, then walked out of the nursery to their room right across the hall.
“Steve!”
Omg, guys, I'm so sorry for disappearing for so long. RL has been kicking my ass. In addition to research, I have to teach this quarter as well. But the quarter's almost over, and I have more free time now! Yay! Hopefully I can write more now.
Steve responded in concert, “He does, doesn’t he? For the longest time when I was growing up I wanted to be just like him. I only knew the stories Ma told, but what she told me he was a warrior even before he ever stepped foot onto the battlefield. He moved away from Boston, partly because he saw how segregated it was even as a Northern city. Ma said he would bring people that worked with him at the meatpacking plant home with him and offered them a place to spend the night or something to eat. He also refused to join the Union because they refused to let Black and Jewish workers be members.”
Steve’s pretty sure he’s gonna pay for this one way or the other.
“What is it?” Steve asked the two agents. He was moving away from Tony, shielding Tony from the two agents with his body. He still didn’t know whether he could trust them, being SHIELD agents, and after SHIELD’s deceptions all bets were off. As far as Steve was concerned, he and Tony were on their own in this.
” Ulysses cried out pitifully at the mention of his father. He looked around hoping to find him, but to no avail. Then he looked back at Steve, “
“Well, dig this,” Steve started, stopping Falcon on his tracks as he advanced closer to Tony, “I recognize your personal talent. But I don’t book you or your proteges because of your brother.”
“Nothing, but wondering how the fuck did I never knew this beauty existed!” Tony exclaimed, running his hand over the chassis. The jet black paint and the chrome fittings. He could only imagine how magnificent Steve would look straddling that bike, looking like a conquering bad-ass with 750 horsepower between his legs. Tony has to shift surreptitiously to hide the hard on he knew is building up slightly inside his pants.
Steve got a glimpse of the words on the sleeve—
“Take a seat,” Rhodes said softly, gesturing to the kitchen table with his spatula.
“Where is he?” Tony asked, tearing his eyes away from Peter for a few seconds. “What happened?”
Tony nodded dreamily at him, shifted his hips a little to encourage the soldier to move again. He was sensitive, but not unbearably so, more pleased than anything, loose and easy and malleable. Hell, even if he was over-stimulated, he still wouldn’t deny Steve. He’d never deny him anything. “Of course, baby… Always.”
He could feel himself rising up that peak, felt it in the way his muscles tensed, the way he couldn’t help but push back against Steve’s hips, desperate for that extra little bit, that last thrust that would send him tumbling over the edge,  but the fun wasn’t over anytime soon. Steve would fuck him more than once, always did, would fuck him until he was open and shaking and
[You there? Don’t ignore me.]
“I wasn’t sure if it’d be worth the risk,” he said. “I thought it’d be better to just let you go, and I thought I could, but… But when you came for me last night, without hesitation, and you
He followed Tony to the fruit stand, put a hand on his back, ready to play. “You think you could outlast me? You can’t go three days without begging to have me in you,” Steve said quietly, leaning in a little.
“Why are you so hot?” Tony complained, drinking in the planes of his body, sun-kissed thanks to the time spent here this summer, hours spent in the sun, out on walks, or by the pool.
stared, whether they admitted it or not, and Steve, either oblivious or too polite to comment on it, said nothing about it, didn’t even seem to notice.
“If there’s even a
Steve loved when Tony played with him like that, when he got him pissed with his little games, even if he wouldn’t admit it. The thing was, Tony was always sweeter afterwards, more demure, because he’d gotten his way, and Steve more often than not gave it to him just to see the gratitude in his eyes, to see it in his smile. Today Tony wasn’t riling him up, couldn’t if he tried, because that softer side was already here, just under a desperate, kind of needy shell, in a way that went much beyond the physical.
The blond thought a bucket of fresh apples and baked goods would do them both good too. The weather was getting colder, and winter would be here soon, and Steve had a few recipes he wanted to try out, wanted to perfect before the weather got too cold to go out and do things.
On top of everything he’d brought upon himself in the last few months, that hurt most of all. He’d been given so many blessings, so much to be thankful for, and he’d corrupted all of it, hurt everything and everyone he loved.
be broken, because they were determined never to repeat the mistakes of the past) but there was still a sense of excitement, of unadulterated joy that resulted in a spring in their steps and more than one case of heart eyes throughout their trip.
“Luckily I’ve got a convenient excuse.”
The little boy had shifted in his sleep, turned on his side to face them. The sight made Tony’s heart squeeze in the best way, like it did every time he saw Peter like that.
He sighed to himself, staring down at the little flip phone. Within seconds, it vibrated.
“Just now,” Tony replied, standing again. “They were out of coffee flavored ice cream, but there was a sale on paper towels, so I got a bunch. We go through them way too fast.”
“I wouldn’t want to hold you like this if you didn’t have any skin,” Steve mumbled casually. “And then where would we be?”
Steve grinned against his skin. “You bet.”
Tony smiled, pressed a kiss to Steve’s muzzle, and relaxed into the bed, enjoyed the sensation of being filled, like he always did.
He knew he couldn’t give up though. His conscience wouldn’t let him, after everything that had happened in his life, and that made it so much more frustrating.
Rhodey let out a sigh, expression pained. He glanced at Pepper, who was discreetly wiping tears from her eyes.
“I know,” Steve sighed, a hint of fondness seeping into the exhausted tone of his voice. “But you need to
“Yes. Yes. I’ll be there, as soon as I can. I’ll do whatever it takes,” he said.
He knew he couldn’t turn himself in, or shouldn’t, at least. That didn’t change the fact that he wanted to do it though.
Steve leaned up a little, captured Tony’s lips in a grateful kiss. Tony kissed back with enthusiasm, a series of quick but deep kisses, which evolved into something a little stronger. Tony moaned into it, when it intensified, when Steve’s fervor heightened. He couldn’t help but shift his hips, grind down against Steve’s lap, against the slow-growing bulge against the inside of his thigh. The texture of swim shorts wasn’t ideal though, a little too rough in comparison to their touches, and the fluffy bed, so the brunet reluctantly broke the kiss in favor of sliding off of Steve. He brushed a hand through his hair, shuffled back on the bed a bit, set his hands on the blond’s legs.
[Steve??? Are you ok??]
brat,” Tony replied, reaching up to wrap his arms around Steve’s neck. He said the words with more than a hint of satisfaction.
“You know they’d never talk. They’re dumb, but not dumb enough to get caught, or put us in jeopardy like that,” Rhodey insisted.
. This, being able to hold each other, being able to come together despite the arguing and the tension and all of the stress and danger of their lives, was plenty. Tony really did give the best gifts.
“You can say that again,” Sam replied, and loosely crossed his arms.
“The sooner we get there, the better,” he agreed.
He couldn’t help but think of so many times when he was little, begging for his father’s attention, his affection, and getting nothing good in return. He remembered Howard yelling at him for crying, for expressing himself in ways his father didn’t approve of. He remembered being pushed away, insulted even, as he still was today. He still felt the same confusion, the same shame at it all. Tony hated feeling insecure, which was, unfortunately, what his battles with Howard left him feeling.
The name ‘labor’ truly felt appropriate. It was hard work, extremely hard, and never seemed to finish.
“The next time I see Steve, I’m going to kill him,” Tony announced, balling his hands into fists. He leaned back against the couch, closed his eyes and prayed the vomit away.
Tony pushed back immediately, tried to get Steve to touch him properly. “Fuck me,” he said. “Fuck me
He couldn’t help but inhale softly, take in his son’s familiar scent, soft and calm, mixed with the smell of the beach. He closed his eyes for just a second, relished in the fact that he was safe and happy, that things were good.
He felt sick, from the events that had happened as well as the alcohol pumping in his veins, and he was woozy and lonely and terrified, and—and he needed Steve.
Tony shook his head quickly, sitting up straight. “No, it’s not—I want you, I really, really do, but just—a-after last night, I just need a few days to…I need to feel right again. Clean.” Maybe it sounded stupid, but he didn’t care. “I want to feel right when we do it.”
“But you deserve better. You should never be hurt. Never.”
I kinda wanna write more about this AU at some point, either for kinktober or in general, but we'll see lol. Either way Bi King Steve Rogers absolutely gets pegged by his beautiful wife Natasha Stark!! It had to be done.
kind of mood, quick to quip, and brazenly confident. Steve loved him like this. He loved that infectious energy that always made him want to step up to the plate, made him want to
“You’re not sick of me, are you?” He tried to frame it as a joke, didn’t want the blond to know just how deeply it had affected him, but wasn’t sure how effective it was. Steve had a habit of seeing right through him.
The shift had come after their separation. Tony supposed Steve didn’t want to waste any more time with social hang-ups. He was glad they were together, and didn’t care who knew. Tony still managed to feel a little embarrassed now though, and couldn’t help but look around to see if anyone was there. He heard some talking and kids laughing a few rows away, but not close enough that they’d be intruded on.
But it was okay, because Steve was coming. He was coming for him, to rescue him, like Tony’d imagined so many times when he was younger, playing pretend, with his little action figures or just daydreaming. He was coming to save him like he’d wished when he was hiding under the staircase in the mansion as a kid, or out in the garden with tears in his eyes, eager to avoid Howard’s ire. Steve was coming to rescue him now, and everything that had happened tonight would disappear from his memory, and everything would be okay.
“I told you before—if I wanted Steve here, he’d be here already. Why the fuck would I go through the extra work to sabotage my own programming? I want them found more than anyone. If they’re in custody, that means you’ll get off my fucking back,” he snapped, let a little irritation seep out.
Steve returned then, with a few different items. He was carrying a blanket, bottle of water and a box of Ritz crackers, as well as a warm, damp washcloth and towel and a couple of band-aids. Tony didn’t know how he managed to balance it all, but it was Steve, and he’d always been fucking graceful, so he did it.
It took a lot of effort to quell the anger in his veins every time. One day, he might not have been able to. But for now, he placed his big hands over Tony’s, took a deep breath to calm himself, to pull back the quite justified rage he felt bubbling under the surface. Tony looked up at him expectantly, wide eyed, and Steve couldn’t go against his wishes.
year of business.
God, Tony had been a fool for ever believing otherwise.
Please leave a comment! Also enjoy the on-going sequel to this if you haven't already. https://archiveofourown.org/works/23828230/chapters/57256900
At first, when arriving in the medbay, Steve thought Tony might be asleep, and was willing to wait outside his room all night if he had to. But when he approached the room, directed by Celene (who not only congratulated him on the birth of their son, but having been present as Tony carried, and having seen first-hand the havoc and chaos, wished him supreme luck in this situation) he could see light filtering under the door, and knew Tony was awake.
Despite the things he’d been through, Tony was remarkably well adjusted, and had an incredibly big heart. It wasn’t until their relationship got a little more serious that Tony began expressing his doubts, his insecurities, and sharing his experiences. Steve had been entirely enchanted by him at that point, and there was very little Tony could ever admit that would drive him away. Steve had a lot of friends, and a few best friends, but the connection he shared with Tony was something else entirely, and he assured the brunet that he loved him, even his not-so-good qualities, just like Tony loved him in return.
men, and maybe he was a little bit of a coward for keeping that fact to himself, but he’d only been in the future for a few months.
Natasha smiled, satisfied with her good work. “I’m gonna pull out now, alright sweetheart?” the scientist asked, and slowly pulled her hips back, pulled out.
Tony’s frown didn’t disappear until he caught sight of Steve’s eyes, took in the affection there, the tenderness. The hand not holding his sunglasses settled on Steve’s chest, and he didn’t protest in the slightest (never dreamed of it) when Steve leaned down a little to capture his lips. Tony’s irritation evaporated as quick as it came, the tension bleeding out of his shoulders like it always did when he was in Steve’s arms. He let the kiss go on for a bit, relished it, like he did every kiss.
“Does that mean you’re ready to give up? Because, if you haven’t noticed, you’ve stopped painting,” he prodded.
“Don’t move,” he said.
“No,” Tony admitted. “We’ll just have to wait and see.”
“Mm, as long as it takes for either of us to give up,” Tony replied with a shrug, and stepped away from Steve, inspected a crate of fresh strawberries at the stand a few feet away.
It really had been interrupted almost that many times. They’d been met with every interruption under the sun during the last three weeks: emergency consulting calls, interview requests, fans spotting them, and even the weather had been an issue at one point. They’d started their tour of Europe up in Scotland, and arrived in Italy yesterday. They would be finishing the Honeymoon here.
The inflection in his tone told Steve exactly what Sam meant. The
His fingers tightened on Steve’s shoulders, and Steve moaned in response, threw his head back and started pumping cum into his mate.
Everything felt so hot, like his body was a live wire, and Natasha kept fucking him, filling him up over and over. She shifted her position eventually, leaned forward so that she was on top of him. She was a little too short to reach his face like this, couldn’t kiss him, but was close enough that her hair tickled his chest, swept across his bare skin like a soft curtain on each thrust.
“No, you’re not,” Tony replied. He hopped out of his chair, wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist to keep him from walking away. Steve walked a few steps regardless, until Tony sunk his heels into the floor and pulled the opposite direction. “Steve, stop!”
Steve took his time, licking Tony, nuzzling his skin, crowding him, dragging his paws across the brunet’s smooth skin possessively before he properly got to it. Tony was already gasping for breath by the time Steve mounted him, dragged his big, heavy cock against his ass before sliding home in one, two, three pushes.
“You don’t have to stay anymore if you don’t want to,” Tony offered, though he secretly hoped Steve would stay. “I’ll be okay now I think…”
Tony moaned. For all of Steve’s respectable daytime attitude, he had a dirty mouth. Tony was sure he’d picked it up during the war, with his old war buddies, who were now
He was still upset (when
“Be quiet and get to work, soldier,” the brunet said, and didn’t bother hiding his pleasure.
“Someone’s tuckered out, hm?” Steve asked the little boy in his arms, swaying back and forth in the water.
She turned her eyes to their Alpha, who was staring down at his hands, his jaw clenched so tight it could probably snap metal. It didn’t take a genius to figure out what he was thinking about, how he was struggling. He’d finally started to get back to his old self the last few weeks, started to improve both physically and mentally. It was clear if they failed this new mission, all of that progress would be reverted. Hell, it was probably already starting to revert, judging by the scent of distress wafting through the air. She couldn’t blame him.
“I think you can hold out a little longer, can’t you? Take the time to think about what you’ve done? I haven’t even fucked you yet,” the blond replied, and brushed a thumb against Tony’s rim.
She let out a pleased little noise at the memory of it all, at how fervently Steve had kissed her, his hands wandering, insistent, trying to grasp as much of her in his arms as possible, as if he would die without her touch.
“Yeah baby,” the scientist muttered in encouragement, let Steve’s tongue slip past his lips a moment or two, kiss him sloppily, the best he could with such a long muzzle.
“I’ll take care of your mug,” Steve said, pulling the empty ceramic from Wanda’s hands, gesturing in the direction of the bedrooms. “Go and get some rest.”
“Sweetheart, I never thought I’d be lucky enough to have one kid, especially not one as amazing as ours. But you did that.
Sam removed his wing pack, flipped through channels on the jet’s holovid as one of their escorts tended to Natasha’s cut. It had avoided infection, thankfully, but still looked pretty bad. Steve sat with his hands clenched so tight that his bones were protesting, but he couldn’t seem to unclench them, to settle down. His gaze burned a hole into the floor.
Suddenly Peter wasn’t so sure of his declaration. He pouted a little, made an insistent noise.
. Nothing he’d endured so far had compared to this. It was its own brand of hardship, one that plenty of people went through, but seemed impossible, now that he was here.
Eventually they made it up the stairs, and Steve fished the keys out of his pocket and opened the door.
Tony got up on his toes, plucked an apple from the tree. “Rocket science is easy, following logic, math, and clean-cut directions. It’s not as complicated as baking.”
The pasta was cold already, even though he’d covered the plates so they’d stay warm. The champagne was getting warm too; the ice bath the bottle sat in almost completely melted. Even some of the damn candles he bought specifically for tonight were starting to burn low, bathing the table in a melancholy light.
Suddenly, he just felt miserable, and sick, his head pounding and stomach twisted into knots, like everything good had been zapped out of him, like only the bad remained. It wasn’t just tonight’s bad that consumed him now, it was every bad moment he’d ever had culminating into one. He shook his head against the memories, gripped the fabric of Steve’s jacket a little tighter.
He told himself to settle down.
to lie. Not to Steve. Tony took a breath.
“Keep dancing with me,” Steve said softly, holding on to him. “Please?”
At least his friend, his brother for all intents and purposes, seemed okay. That was all the comfort Steve thought he’d get for the rest of his days, knowing that he had saved Bucky, that he had given him a chance at happiness. He didn’t have time to dwell on it though. Urgency led Steve on, made him turn to the king.
“It also looks really tall,” the brunet pointed out, his lips twisting into something like a frown.
the brunet thought to himself, and he felt a little giddy, felt his heart soaring, though he tried not to let it on. He nodded instead, climbed off of Steve and straightened the collar of his sweater.
Steve’s low, heavy growl reverberated around the room, and especially in Tony’s ears, pleased, aroused, and horribly attractive. His growls were always sexy, deeper, darker whenever they were in bed. They sent a chill down Tony’s spine every time, made him smirk with satisfaction.
. If it were anyone else, the thought was less than appealing, but Tony knew that no matter what Steve said or did in the bedroom, he did love him, did care for him, and that he was truly indulging Tony, and the dark, kinky side that had awoken in him pretty much as soon as he was old enough to think about it, and he loved that.
Steve nodded, watched the two of them fondly for a moment. He leaned forward and stole a kiss from his mate, and grabbed their things to bring inside.
“I don’t care if he thinks it’ll work! I’m not sending him to Europe to have secret meet ups with Wanda. God, do you even hear yourself? If he gets caught…”
Tony looked the same as Steve remembered: big, beautiful brown eyes, an elegant curve of his cheeks, lips that looked beautiful, kissable, even when turned in a frown. He also looked different than Steve remembered. He looked tired, and was sort of pale, the bags under his eyes darkened by his plight, by the sickness they shared, and he wasn’t well put together by any means, just as Steve wasn’t, but he was still the man Steve knew, the man he loved. Just a glimpse of him from the doorway was enough to bring any of Steve’s resolve crashing down. He could only lay himself bare now, as he had the night they bonded, when he had made his first promise. He could offer himself, all that he was, and nothing more, and had to hope it was enough.
Tony leaned back against his chest, took care in slowly closing his book after marking the page. His heart was beating fast, and damn did Steve’s words send a thrill up his spine, but he was determined not to let it show.
mind.
Thank you for reading!! Please leave a comment!
Tony was getting a little antsy, honestly, and his cock had risen and fallen in interest about a dozen times over the last few hours, and he did anything and everything to think of something else, something unpleasant, the fingers tightening around his book, because he really didn’t want to touch himself. Strictly speaking, Steve had never said he couldn’t, but Tony knew getting off would be the end of the game, and he was a sore loser.
Steve may have been stronger, a little more dominant, but that was only because Tony let him be, because he didn’t feel the need to take the reins too often. Now though, he wanted it, wanted Steve under him, calling his name, his knot popping just for him. It brought Tony way too much satisfaction, knowing that no one else could have Steve, in any capacity, that he had staked his claim on this amazing human being. He supposed that feeling was mutual.
He’d been having an okay time, before it all happened. Well, maybe not that great of a time. He’d gone to the party because he was lonely, because an old MIT alum he still talked to on occasion invited him, and he had nothing else to do. He’d gone because he missed Rhodey, so much, because he couldn’t talk to him, and he didn’t have anyone else. He’d gone because he wanted to drown in his sorrows a little, maybe have some laughs, flirt a little bit, because he knew that he couldn’t have who he really wanted.
Tony was already significantly less mouthy than downstairs, had apparently remembered who was
Maybe he’d been right. Maybe Steve was nothing more than a harbinger of destruction, of misfortune, and he’d been too prideful, too self-assured to see it. He had ruined Tony’s life, had made things infinitely harder for him when he’d already been through so much, and no matter what Steve did, he couldn’t take it back.
Tony was reluctant at first, but allowed himself to be maneuvered. He and Rhodey shared a look—Rhodey understood what he’d intended with the outbursts, and he was intent on finishing this meeting up quickly now. It wouldn’t be the first time they’d talked their way out of a terrible situation. They became old pros at it during their time at MIT.
“Yes,” Steve replied softly. “Yes, I meant it. Every word.”
He…he was in love with Tony, he was sure, which was kind of a problem, wasn’t it? Nothing could ever come of it. Hell, Steve didn’t think he’d ever find someone to spend his days with. Peggy had married and built a life for herself, and he couldn’t quite relate with strangers these days, had a few dates here and there, but nothing had come of them. No, Steve’s eye had been turned towards Tony, and he doubted he’d ever be able to turn away. Steve spent his days lusting after his friend’s son, a man 7 years his junior, who had prospects and talent and intelligence far beyond most other people, who Steve could certainly never be with, because the world, because fate wouldn’t allow it.
Steve held up his gift, offered it to Tony with a hopeful smile.
“No?” Steve echoed. “Fine. Then you’re gonna do exactly what I say, and if you break the rules, I won’t touch you again for a week.”
He may not have acted alone in Ultron’s creation, but he was starting to feel alone in the guilt.
Tony opened his mouth to say something, frowning a little at the interruption when he was so valiantly attempting to explain himself, but the food was really calling his name, so he picked up his knife and fork and dug into the meal his friend had so graciously provided.
Tony laughed a little, rolled his eyes. “I’ll let you in on a little secret: No one likes washing dishes. I mean, I’ve never really had to, but I’m sure I’d hate it.” He took another sip of coffee, let out a quiet sigh.
Tony covered his face with his arm, already a little overwhelmed. “Shut up, you asshole,” he replied indignantly.
, come on, come on sweetheart,” Steve replied, stroking his length in time to his thrusts.
“You. It’s so cute how riled up you get,” Tony replied. He moved to lay a hand on Steve’s strong arms, but the soldier pulled away. Tony pouted a little.
“Come on,” he said, and got his hands under Tony’s arms, lifted him from the cold, wet ground before the water could seep into his clothes. “Come on inside. We’ll get your hand all cleaned up, and then you can sleep. You’ll feel better in the morning, I promise.”
Part of him wanted to come out and admit it, to throw it in Howard’s face that he and Steve were together, but he was honestly terrified of it, and what it could mean. What would Howard say? What would he do? Tony thought his mother might be more understanding, had surely seen the lovesick look in Tony’s eyes whenever he was around Steve, and they happened to be in the same room together, but Howard? Everything Tony did seemed to disappoint him. Maybe this would too. But maybe it wouldn’t, because he admired Steve so much, had honestly been a little obsessed with finding him during Tony’s childhood, and the brunet wasn’t sure if Howard’s approval would make it all better or worse.
The brunet took it without question, and they headed down the dark hall to the kitchen to find their candles.
he told himself regardless of his hesitance.
“I’m sure I’ll love whatever it is,” Steve replied.
,” Steve whined, and he grit his teeth, caught in a cycle of pleasure, coming long and hard like he always did. His knot always had so much to give, and he never thought he’d get used to the way it felt, so intense, with Tony’s hole clenching around him instinctively, begging for more seed.
Rhodey wished he could help somehow. All he could do was stay at his side, offer support alongside the medical team. He and Pepper were taking turns here, keeping the brunet company, feeding him cups of jell-o and keeping him hydrated, trying to distract him until it was time to push, but every time it was Pepper’s turn, Rhodey couldn’t do anything but sit in another room worrying, wishing it were all over already, that he could do something to help it along faster. He’d been anxious before, many times in the heat of battle, but somehow none of that compared to this. He wasn’t sure he could ever handle being a parent, if this was what it was like, and he certainly didn’t envy Tony at the moment.
Steve licked his lips, tried to think back. His heart was beating fast already, and everything felt so warm.
Steve stretched, and shut his eyes. He nodded a little, nuzzled Tony’s neck. “Sounds good to me,” he murmured in reply, and settled in to sleep.
“I can think of some better things you’ve learned from me,” the brunet countered, and emphasized his point with a slow, wet lick to Steve’s cock. It pulsed in his hand a little, and Steve let out a soft gasp.
him again. He didn’t deserve to see him, he knew, with all of the mistakes he’d made, but that didn’t stop him from wishing anyway.
we even get a court case. They might toss us all in The Raft immediately.”
Instead of reprimanding him, the blond leaned down, pressed a kiss to his forehead.
He regarded the blond fondly, took in every detail for the millionth time, as if he didn’t have the lines of Steve’s face memorized. He’d changed just a bit since they met, still looked young and healthy and unbelievably handsome, but there were one or two wrinkles starting to form, just visible when he frowned or smiled really wide. Time changed everyone, even a super soldier. Tony just felt lucky he would be at Steve’s side for it.
He didn’t read physical books often, but the location made him kind of nostalgic, eager to capture those few easy moments of his childhood. He’d had a pretty hard childhood despite his wealth, more bad memories than good, and he never wanted to go back to those days, and the years of confliction and pain and self-hatred and self-
“Frankly, Colonel, it isn’t up to you,” Ross replied, frowning heavily. “It’s going to happen, either on his terms or mine.”
Tony’s fingers dug into Steve’s shoulder then, the other hand reaching back to grasp the back of the chair. Every thrust felt so deep, so overwhelming in all the right ways, and god, he was already sensitive after being impaled on Steve’s cock for
They both stumbled, and turned to face each other, and goddamn did Tony want to die.
down at him, his brows knit together. “I’m not,” he said.
Everything was just—god, it was so
They sat in silence for a moment, some kind of horrible tension lingering in the air between them. Tony was sure Steve could hear his heart beating with how fast it was, and Steve was sure his face was turning red, that his desperation, the struggle to say more, was incredibly apparent.
Rhodey blinked at that, and raised a brow, smiled a little. “Is this your way of officially asking me to be a godparent?” he asked.
“How about you watch me paint today?” Steve asked when he finally pulled back. His eyes were warm and content, and Tony wanted to drown in them. “We’ll just take it nice and slow. Maybe go down to the beach later?”
to behave anymore.
have gotten a little ruffled during their makeout session. Oops.
“Always eager,” he commented, voice quiet.
Tony regarded him for a moment, the exhaustion on his face, the sincerity in his eyes, deep and earnest and beautiful, like the night they’d bonded. Some of the pain in his neck, in his whole body, finally eased a little, and it was easier than he thought it would be to let it go, to
“Woah, careful, you’ll hurt yourself,” Pepper warned, and when pain shot down his legs, barely stifled by the barrier of painkillers, Tony hissed.
he thought.
Tony licked his lips, exhaled softly. He stared down the floor, tried to think.
Every day he marveled at his relationship with Tony, at the love he was lucky enough to have. Tony trusted him absolutely, with everything, with all of himself, and it was equal parts humbling and arousing. Tony always made Steve feel larger than himself, made him feel like…like he mattered, somehow, in a real way, not in the way the history books said he did. It was something personal, something special, and Steve loved it, wouldn’t trade it for anything in the world.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice drew him back from the scene in front of him to his mate. Tony gasped as Steve started to kneel in front of him, holding one of Tony’s hand in his own as he gazed reverently into Tony’s eyes. He could feel tears started to gather in his eyes as he started to realize what was happening around him, “Tony, the past eighteen years have been the best years of my life. And it’s all because of you. At the beginning, we started this relationship on shaky grounds. Several things that were out of our control happened,” Steve said, alluding to the painful revelation about Tony’s parents’ death, “but we weathered through it and were stronger for it. I didn’t want to lose you so soon after I just got you back so we went to the City Hall the next day and that was that. But Tony, sweetheart, you deserve so much more than a shotgun bonding at city hall. You deserve the world.”
Tony stiffened, his cover completely blown. Ugh why the hell did hell did he think he could pull this off. It must be his Van Dyke giving him away, or maybe the incessant way he kept talking about his daddy issues. Stupid Tony!
“Thank you, doctor.”
“Damn right.”
And Joe could do naught but nodded. Looking at Steve, he remembered the message his late father imparted to him when they found out that Sarah was pregnant. His father had said that his “children didn’t ask to be born into this world, they exist because you will them to and because of that you made a pact with this new life you’re creating to take care of them always, until you can’t anymore and it’s their turn to take care of you, if the choose to do so.”
Anthony broke off the kiss, panting softly against Steven’s lips, smiling with such pure, unadulterated happiness shining from his eyes. Steven enveloped his prince completely in his arms, moving his hands to caress Anthony’s hair and to feel the lean muscles on his back. The sweetness of his breath and the clean scent of his body washed over Steven’s entire being, lighting up every one of his enhanced senses. Anthony became the whole focus of his entire being, his whole world and they just met this afternoon. Steven didn’t know how it was possible to feel such a connection to someone, and to know that he would be the only one for Steven and vice versa, and Steven was just about to tell him so when an unwelcome voice burst through their bubble.
“Hah! Yeah right!” Tony laughed incredulously, “wanna bet?”
Steve touched his face gently. Tony’s eyes were closed, his face sporting bruises and wounds from the fight. Yet he looked no less precious and beautiful to Steve laid up on the concrete road. Steve placed his hand on the extinguished arc reactor light, willing Tony to wake up. “Tony. Wake up, sweetheart, please,”
“In a sense, yes.” Tony answered, quietly.
” Tony asked his baby, lifting him out of the crib and into his arms. Ulysses’ milky baby scent filling his nostrils and brought peace to him. Ulysses sluggishly nodded, hiding his face in the crook of Tony’s neck, his eyes slipping shut as he listened to the dulcet tones of his father’s voice.
“Excuse me, what am I doing?” one of his students asked. The man has just drawn a stick figure on his canvas, and Steve was of the opinion that all art was good art, so he wasn’t about to tell this man that his drawing sucked.
Rhodey was ecstatic and immediately made his case to be the baby’s godfather. Or at the very least, the baby’s namesake if they turned out to be a boy. Tony pretended to hemmed and hawed over it in front of him, but behind closed doors he and Steve had already been talking about the possibility of giving the baby their best friend’s shared first name as the baby’s middle name.
Let me know what you think about this chapter and whether it's worth continuing. Thanks!
“You’re the hostess. You see everyone who comes in.” Sharon started.
After skulking back home to lick his wounds in private, Tony took a few moments to compose himself. This morning’s setback with Steve was understandable. Of course Steve would freak out after waking up to a strange man in his bed. Even after he promised last night that he’d never forget about Tony. And that he would marry Tony. Whatever, it’s just a little setback and they’ve only wasted a day. And in hindsight, Tony would now have more time to make Steve’s engagement ring. After eating a bagel for breakfast, he went downstairs to start forging Steve’s ring. He could estimate Steve’s ring size after days spent holding hands with the man (shut up, it’s totally normal and not creepy). So he fired up the forge and using the palladium he had bought for this particular purpose, started to get to work on the most amazing engagement ring ever created. Tony knew Steve was not prone to extravagance. The man lived simply, and on the occasions where Tony tried to buy stuff for him and shower him with gifts and riches unparalleled, Steve seemed to balk at the idea of receiving them and told Tony to spend his money on someone who needed them more than Steve did. So Steve was they type that appreciate the thought behind a present rather than how big, or expensive or how pretty it was. So that’s what Tony was trying to show with this engagement ring, that he appreciate Steve and that he would go the extra mile to design and create their own rings, since he also planned on making their own wedding rings rather than buy them.
“I think I know why he’s home and not out with his friends.” Tony walked to the kitchen, Steve following suit, to saw one of the saddest things he’s ever seen in his life. Clint and Sam was seated at the counter, staring pityingly at their oldest nephew who had laid his head despondently on the kitchen counter. They looked up as they saw Tony approached his son, their faces communicated just how weirded out they felt by Ulysses’ behavior. Peter playing games on his tablet, casting worried glances at his brother.
“Whoa, okay…” Tony warily looked over at Natasha, “What’s with the homicidal impulse so early in the morning? Are you okay?”
“He doesn’t need me, Nat. Believe me, I’m the last thing he wants over there in the Upside Down when all I’m gonna do is trigger Barnes and undo all the deprogramming he went through.”
“Buck, just take out your gun.” Steve implored his brother.
“I don’t know where you’ve been for the past eighteen years, babe, but this…” Tony gestured to his body, still muscled and toned even after all these years, “this is fine wine. Something to sip and savor, not to chug.” Tony chuckled and leaned up to nip at Steve’s lips. Steve deepened the kiss, opening up Tony’s mouth with coaxing lips and tongue. Tony reciprocated fervently, kissing Steve back with fervor. The kiss was warm, and sweet, a little wet, and perfect. They kissed for a long time, until Tony pulled back, his breath a gaspy sweet thing against Steve’s cheek. Tony smiled at him, the love in his eyes evident and unchanging. Steve counted his blessings every single day to have the chance to mate and spend the rest of his life with this beautiful and amazing omega.
Dr. Rosenberg came over to the Tower to check up on Tony. At this point, he already became part of the family after taking care of Tony and delivering the boys. The news of Tony’s third pregnancy came as a surprise to him, but the doctor seemed to be taking it all in stride.
You guys are awesome!
“Hey, Cap. Anybody else got arrested?”
“I love you so much, baby boy. So much,” Steve whispered to him in the dark. He reached down to stroke the downy brown hair on the boy’s head, so much like Tony’s, and kissed his forehead. Ulysses shifted a little in his sleep and settled back down.
Tony laughed and clapped his hands together. “Call Stockholm, J. I want my Nobel prize posthaste. And I’m not sharing it with anyone.”
“It’s my Dad’s birthday. Every year we’d go up to the Dole plantation to pick a pineapple for his birthday. Him and Ma used to do it when she was still alive, and I’d like to keep the tradition alive.”
“You’re exaggerating,” Jamie smiled indulgently at Peter, “but I do want to ask, Peter, for your permission to date your brother. I-- well, I guess there’s no other word for it, but I love your brother. I know it might sound trite and corny, we’re still in high school, what do we know about love, right? But I know deep down in my heart of hearts that he’s it for me.”
“Boring.” Clint interjected.
And that’s how he met his first Hawai’ian friend, Clint Barton and his children, Lila, Cooper and Nate Barton. Clint is a single father, working at the Waikiki aquarium. His late husband, Phil, used to be in the military, stationed in the Marine Corps base in Hawai’i, and was killed in the line of duty. Prior to Phil’s death, the coupled adopted siblings Lila and Cooper from an orphanage in Clint’s hometown in Cleveland and later had Nate through surrogacy.
And Captain Steve “Sass-mouth” Rogers, was for once silent.
“Uh, you sure, Thor?” Steve asked, “Bruce bought some more of that Eggos you like. I can heat some up for you if you want.”
“They’re my protective older brothers, of course they know. And predictably freaked the fuck out when they found out and made me promise to keep my identity a secret. Which I apparently have been shit at doing because one encounter with you and I blew my own cover.” Peter grumbled.
He keyed in the passcode to Tony’s workshop (it was his birthday, and didn’t that gesture just make Steve want to swoon) and when he stepped in to the shop what he saw stopped him short in his tracks. Tony was in the middle of the workshop, bathed in the blue light of the many holograph projections he was manipulating and he looked impossibly beautiful and ethereal, like something from Steve’s wildest dreams that Steve felt his heart beat faster at the sight of him and in that moment he knew that he would gladly go through everything again, all the hea just for the chance to see Tony like this again.
Amazingly, their parents, uncles and aunt still haven’t found out that Peter was the masked vigilante that had been occasionally helping them in their fights. That either said something about how good the boys were at keeping secrets or how oblivious the Avengers were. As Peter bent down to look at the new modifications and calculations Joe had made to his web fluid, Joe surreptitiously glanced at the boy that have plagued his thoughts from the moment he knew how it was to feel for someone.
Brianna laughed at her, “Captain America: making impressionable Betas doubt their sexualities since 1918.”
“Talk to him, Tony.” she said reassuringly yet doing nothing to ease the turmoil in Tony’s mind.
Tony grinned, appreciating the change in topic to something he’s more inclined to discuss “Nowadays I’m all about renewable energy. Did you know that Hawai’i is the state in the Union with the highest usage of solar energy per capita?”
God, he loved Steve so much. He didn’t know what he would do if something were to happen to him. They had just found each other again, for God’s sakes. It would be too cruel of the Fates to have them separate again so soon. Tony would rather watch the whole world burn down in flames than to lose Steve. He refused to live in a world without Steve again.
But when you fall in love, aren’t you opening yourself up to the possibility of getting hurt?
. He’d known Joe for years, they went to the same elementary school and middle school together after all, and now they’re in the same high school. For years they have been coexisting separately, like two planets with different orbits, destined to never intersect each other but somehow something changed and now they were on a collision course.
what the fuck!”
“Kid won the genetic lottery,” Tony said from his position in the rocking chair at the far end of the nursery, “He’s half me and half Steve. He’s always going to be pretty. Ooh, you know what. We should enter him in one of those cute baby contests. He’d clean up with all the awards, won’t you Uly?”
“Good. Emotionally wrung out from having to convince Ulysses not to drive down here in the middle of the semester just to check up on Peter.” Joe sighed leaning into Jamie’s warm body.
“Joeeeeyyyy, Peteeeyyyy,” Tony screeched out, “
was displayed, but instead of the river Seine, it was set in Central Park. There was also an abstract painting that was supposed to resemble the arc reactor, Stark Industries’ trademarked technology. They might not be art students but they understood beautiful artworks. The lobby was starting to be emptier too, as it was nearing dinner time, and the rain started to let up enough for people to go outdoor and walked around again.
Anthony cocked his head to the side and squinted his eyes at Steven, his expression concerned, “So, it’s a ‘no’?” he started to move out of Steven’s embrace, putting a distance between them.
“I noticed lately that you’ve been irrationally hating on stuff, Stark.” Clint spoke up. Tony had kinda forgotten he was there, to be honest. Clint was looking at him introspectively, which was odd for him. He usually saved his introspective looks for watching
“He’s a man of principles,” Pierce countered derisively, “and I mean that as a terrible insult, by the way. Now if he had just paid me off, none of this would have happened. ”
“Alright, chillax, Platypus. Geez.”)
“Do I?” Tony grinned impishly. God, Steve loved to see him happy and carefree like this. Tony seemed to glow in the yellow fluorescent light of the restaurant. And sure, Steve knew that the whole pregnancy glow thing was just an old wives’ tale, but right here and now glowing was the only way to describe how beautiful his mate looked right now. Steve was so overcome by all the love, affection and devotion he felt for this omega. He reached for Tony’s hand and pressed a reverent kiss to the knuckles of his left hand, right where his mating band lie.
“Turn around,” Steve sighed despondently, resigned at this point to any and everything going wrong during the vacation.
“Oh, the lady down at the farmers’ market gave it to me. I didn’t wanna hurt her feelings.” he explained. Steve pursed his lips, disappointed their yearly pineapple-picking excursion was cancelled. But a small smile graced his lips at hearing the reason behind the pineapple’s appearance in the first place.
And they lived happily ever after.
“Thanks, buddy,” Tony muttered faintly. His entire being hurt from being body slammed by Steve. Goddamn, it felt like a refrigerator fell on top of him.
“Hey.” Steve greeted him, pressing a soft kiss to Tony’s forehead. He breathed in the comforting scent of Tony, once again noting a hint of sweetness that wasn’t there before. Steve scrunched up his nose in curiosity at the scent that has been lingering around Tony.
“Sorry, guys. I need to watch it for research.”
“As long as they want. It’s a murder scene, babe.”
“Uhhhhh…” Tony stammered.
“Stay here!” Jimmy commanded him from the window. He turned around to face the firefight, but not one second later, shrapnel pierced his body and the side of the car where Tony remained. Realizing that mortars and missiles were involved in the attack and that his safety was very much threatened if he stayed in the car, Tony scrambled to open the doors and escaped the confines of the vehicle. His hearing and senses seemed dulled, he was focused only on one thing: getting out of the car, getting to safety. He always heard about the fight-or-flight response, how the human peripheral nervous system activated certain hormones that enhance certain sense while simultaneously dampening other non-essential sense. This was what’s happening to him right now. He couldn’t hear or see anything beyond that rock over there where he needed to take cover. That was the only thing that mattered right now.
“Yeah, funny thing that. I don’t know how that happened. Well, obviously I
“Killing me,” Tony answered and patted the guy on the shoulder, “let’s get me outta here.”
“Don’t get so mad, sweetheart. He could be wrong.” Tony tried to placate his mate who was still fuming in silent.
Natasha sighed in relief, “Right. That’s good. We need to radio in. Steve won’t last long even with the serum.”
“Not best,” Maria interjected, “tallest. I’m the creator and originator of the “Tower of Wings”. I shall have that written on my tombstone one day.” her eyes started to take on a wistful look, as if imagining her tombstone was the best thing she could be doing today. As she took a peek at the picture in front of her, she said “Never seen him in my life.” and threw the photos back on the desk.
“What are you two talking about? Tony? Natasha?”
“Seriously, uncanny.” Tony said from behind him, laying his head on Steve’s shoulder, “I feel like I just robbed the cradle. That kid is like, twenty years younger than me.”
Except this morning.
“We all have our roles to play here. Mine is to care about my bar and my employees because I’m a business owner, and yours is to care about the victim and solving the crime because you’re a crime solver.” Tony shrugged.
-----------
“Okay, go get lunch, you two.”
Steve sighed and started to steer them to the couch he usually occupied when sketching down here, “Sweetheart, I will always respect and fight for your right to choose. I know that nowadays abortion is conflated as a moral issue, but back when I was growing up it was more of a social issue.” he urged Tony to sit down, “The church didn’t have one opinion or another on it, and more importantly, I saw with my own eyes the consequences of criminalizing what’s essentially a medical procedure. More times than I can count.”
The sound of the Quinjet approaching startled them all out of their reverie. Tony rushed out of the medbay to the landing pad, eager to see his mate again. He arrived at the landing pad just as the Quinjet landed and had to wait for a couple minutes before the hatch opened. Once it did, however, Tony was puzzled at the sight of a medical crew escorting a gurney, complete with an IV pole attached to it. Was that for Steve? Man, Steve must have been complaining the whole journey back about what he must felt like an unnecessary precaution to his injuries.
“Did you catch him?” Steve asked again, his ice blue eyes boring into Thor’s.
He passed out in his room some time around 3 AM in the morning, exhausted and delirious from the events that occurred earlier. And in his heart of heart, a little traumatized. Maybe the stress of the night was the reason why he had the dream he had next.
As Steve revved up the engine to drive faster to the mansion, he remembered one Christmas a long time ago where he managed to get a 24 hour leave pass and spent his first and only Christmas with Natasha. He remembered the promise they made to each other about celebrating Christmas like civilians, like normal people who didn’t have to worry about the specter of war and not having the weight of the world on their shoulders. Steve idly wondered if Tony still remembered that he promised Steve a dance and that he’d make it a slow one.
All around them laughter started to break out at his question.
Steve sighed. Unbelievable, both Tony and Clint making his son a mini gambler, “Just promise me you’re not taking him anywhere near Atlantic City or Las Vegas, please.”
Tony took that as an assent to go up and started running up the stairs, calling out Steve’s name as he went up.
“I mean he can deny it all he wants but he was super upset when you started dating that cheerleader. Everybody in the family thought he was being morose because some knothead asshole said some mean words to him, but really, it was because he saw Cheryl Feinberg changed her relationship status on Facebook from ‘single’ to ‘in a relationship’ with you. I think he’s still upset, actually.”
“What are you talking about? I’m perfectly fine, Bruce.”
In the seventeen years since he took over executive and scientific leadership of Stark Industries, Tony managed to make the company grew even bigger. Since Obie said that weapons were their thing, their bread and butter, Tony took that adage to heart and developed better and smarter weapons, better than any available in the market. Growing and expanding SI’s market shares and catapulting them as the number one weapons contractor for the US Department of Defense. And from the profits of the weapons sales, Tony funded his true passion: SI’s research programs; developed a new subsidiary of Stark Industries that specialized in medical devices and medical technologies; funded the Maria Stark Foundation to provide scholarships and fellowships for underprivileged students across the country to pursue higher education; established research institutes devoted for sustainable energy and biomedical researches.
At first, they were tense and unsure of what to do with him. Nobody had ever been put in a situation where a recently deprogrammed assassin walked into their house to seek asylum. Then Maria Hill and Nick Fury showed up to extract intelligence from him, and the interrogation was somewhat comforting if only because this was what he expected.
Thor sputtered indignantly, “Steven, how could you? I really do want to have a ceremony. If we happen to set a Viking boat on fire, that is just incidental.”
“You know how what I always wanted to do was interior decorating right? I mean, I have a knack for it.” Natasha continued, “And he told me he owned a nightclub and that he wanted to hire me. And I figured he was probably hitting on me. But then James showed up and asked me out for the thousandth time.”
Steve beamed, “Hey, when I’m done doing the dishes do you guys wanna watch it?”
“He’s gone, Tony. I’m sorry.” Steve said solemnly, blue eyes gazing to his own with such tenderness that Tony thought he was still dreaming, “You did your best.”
“I know I hurt you, Tony. But you deserve to know no matter how painful it was. It wouldn’t be right to lie to you and to lead you on. And the fact that it was Bucky that--- You’re the most important person in my life and even if after this you want nothing more to do with me, I will always be here for you.”
“Perhaps it’s best if I let Master Stark relay that to you, Captain.”
Can you lose something that you never have in the first place?
“Oh, you gonna regret that,” Tony said again as another wave of contraction hit him. He squeezed Steve’s hand and screamed as he bore down as Steve told him to.
“So what else have you been working on aside the prosthetics?” Steve asked walking them towards a beautiful, vintage 1942 Harley Davidson WLA Liberator that made Tony salivate.
Crap, really? Jamie actually wanted to confront him about what happened last night? This was bad. So bad. Uber bad. But when cornered, as Uncle Clint like to say, play dumb. “Uh, what-- what happened last night? Is your mom okay? Who saved her?”
“Exactly. There’s no way he could have done any less. Your parents raised you better than that.” Jamie glanced around the living room, looking at the many family pictures they have in there. The Avengers looked just like any other American family. There was a huge picture above the fireplace with all of the Avengers and the kids in it, a smattering of pictures on the walls featured moments when the boys were growing up. There was a picture taken at Ulysses’ high school graduation, Steve and Tony beaming proudly with their arms around their sons. Joe and Peter grinning mischievously at the camera. There was a painting that captivated Jamie’s attention from the moment he entered the living room. It was a painting of a pregnant Tony Stark in profile. He was looking down affectionately at a little brown haired boy who had his small arms around his father’s distended stomach. The boy’s face was turned to the viewer, one of his ears were plastered to the bump on his father’s stomach, he seemed fascinated by whatever he was hearing. The little boy was obviously Ulysses, the only question was who was Tony Stark carrying: Joe or Peter?
“You’re sighing again,” a voice from his left pulled his attention away from Joe and Peter. Jamie’s best friend and fellow football player Aaron Stevenson was next to him, arms crossed in front of his chest and leaning against the closed lockers next to Jamie’s opened one, “I recognize that as your ‘Joe Rogers’ sigh. Why can’t you just go up to him and tell him you like him, man? What’s the worst that could happen?”
“That was a good way to spend the day,” Tony sighed, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder as they walked around the resort’s courtyard, Tony’s arms wound around Steve’s biceps.
This is a story about two people who are better together than apart.
Steve chuckled at Wilson’s brother’s words, “Fine. DJ Falcon in the house.” As Steve raised up his right hand to shake on the deal, he realized that he was still chained to the floor. He made a fist with his left hand instead, and Wilson’s brother bumped it with his own, sealing the deal.
“I swear to God, this is the last time, you hear? Getting my tubes tied…” Tony groaned again as he pushed once more. Around them, people were watching, some were blatantly videotaping the whole thing and taking pictures. In the distance he heard the elevator dinged and the rest of his family spilled out of the elevator, looking harried and concerned. Bucky and Clint each had Ulysses and Joe in their arms. Natasha carrying the go bag filled with the labor essentials, Bruce, Thor and Sam bringing up the rear and carrying other essentials.
owners and employees, “taken away from him by persons unknown who shot him in the chest, then hid it here thinking that Jarvis would find it, panic and throw it away because he’s, well, English.”
“Going to Oscorp gave you a fever? Wow, Peebee you’re such a Stark.” Joe joked, trying to lighten up the mood.
Kahuna: important person in charge of something
(Muh muh muh muh)
“Hey, there you are,” Steve smiled as he walked to his lover, pressing a gentle kiss to the armor’s forehead. Boy, if Bucky could see him now, kissing a robot all domestic-like.
Tony tried to run away, but he didn’t make it in time. The bomb exploded, catapulting a few yards back on to the sand, landing painfully on his back, taking the air right out of his lungs. His chest started to hurt and Tony knew, the shrapnels have been embedded within him. He was proven correct as pools of blood started to appear in various areas of his chest.
“They’re calling to give you a Nobel prize, I’m sure of it.” Steve kissed his cheek.
“Not in the slightest. I can’t even step foot on Olympus on account of being half-mortal. I’m content where I am. Now even more so.” Steven directed the last of his words to Anthony, squeezing him closer to his side. Anthony’s answering smile was endearing to say the least.
looks, “You two are probably the only people in this whole school who don’t know that you like each other. You look at Joe every time he wasn’t looking and Joe looks at you when
“Because he and I work for the same guy.”
“A ceremony would be great, guys.” Tony said again, “when and where should we do this?”
Stacy pursed her lips, seeming to come to a decision, “Well can I at least contact you when you get out?”
“Hey,” Tony greeted, standing up and walking towards the door, signalling JARVIS to unlock the door, “What brings your royal handsomeness here?”
“We can’t find Tony’s coat.”
“Ma’am, are you aware you’re not allowed to bring these on the airplane?”
“I guess I could go for a Guinness.” he said, and followed Thor to the other side of the common room. Other than the beers, there was also a bottle of Baileys and Dubliner. “You guys are really going in hard with the Irish theme.”
“Yes, I understand.” Thor said gravely to his StarkPhone, sitting on the couch in the Penthouse living room that morning, looking for all the world like he was having a root canal from his pained expression. Steve had just finished working out and was on his way to the kitchen to grab some post-workout snack. It was a peculiar sight for Steve since Thor, the God of Thunder, was usually the most outgoing out of all of them. He was always ready with a smile or a joke, ready to have some fun and spread some joy in everybody’s life. If someone had a bad day, they usually sought Thor out. He was always down for everything be it some fun exploding things in the lab (Tony and Bruce), a sparring match on the superhuman level that left both of them unable to move (Steve), bowling and other sports tournaments (Clint, Bucky and Sam), baking Eastern European pastries (Natasha) or watching Peppa Pig and Disney movies for the thousandth time with his nephews. On the television, a game of Mario Kart seemed abandoned, the lone Princess Peach (Thor’s go to character when playing Mario Kart) stationary on the screen and left behind by the other computer controlled players. Thor must have been in the middle of his racing game when he hurriedly answered his phone.
Seriously, Tony was so writing them out of the will.
“Yes.” Natasha answered succinctly, unflappable as a statue in the middle of a tornado.
Tony took a moment to revel in the high that he always got after his hypothesis was proven correct. He did it! Not only did he manage to improve the arc reactor design, he also finally solved one of mankind’s greatest problem: energy scarcity. Nothing was gonna bring him down today.
What? “What? What are you saying, J?”
“Where the hell have you guys been?” Bucky asked them when they got home later that night, Tony exhausted beyond belief that he had been allowing Steve to carry him from the car up to the Penthouse in a bridal carry much to Steve’s delight. Thor looked fresh as a daisy after their battle, not a trace of sadness on his face.
“You’re engaged now?” Clint asked incredulously.
“I don’t have any reason to lie to you, Anthony.” Steven tentatively reached out and took one of Anthony’s hand in his. The prince’s calloused palm felt grounding and real in Steven’s own hand. “It’s the truth.”
Plus if i recount the whole story of IM1, the story progression would be too slow. I hope you guys understand.
Jane Foster arrived at the Tower two days later. Thor looked happy to see her, and if Tony didn’t see him moping in the living room two days earlier he would be amazed at how amazing Thor’s acting skills were. The man deserved an Oscar. Thor was all smiles and gentlemanly conduct around Jane, acting for all the world like a smitten man.
“Hey Sue, nice haircut.”
“This is the floor plan of the bar.” Tony observed.
“Hawkeye is a stupid name,” Tony whispered grouchily to Steve, “The fuck does it even mean?”
?” Steve interrupted him. How was it so easy for this man to reclass a murder as a mere “unfortunate incident”?
As Steve continued his exploration of Tony’s mouth, he trailed his hands down Tony’s body. His hand found Tony’s hard and leaking omega cock and started stroking it. Tony broke their kiss and gasped as he felt Steve’s big warm hands envelop his cock.
“All my life.” Tony said, “I’ve been dreaming about you all my life. But I never know for sure until two years ago.”
“I’m glad you’ve decided to get out of that business, Tony. If I may ask, what does your business do now?” Steve asked, his face open and honest.
“Jane and I broke up.” Thor announced gravely, surprising no one. Tony and Steve exchanged a glance, knowing this was coming. “I really thought spending some time near her would ease our troubles, but the opposite seem to happen. All we did when she was here was fight and snipe at each other.” Thor sighed, “We weren’t meant to be, friends. We collided too soon and too fast, there was no foundation, no underlying connection to build upon once the spark was extinguished. The distance between us was too great.”
“I said: okay, Steve. Let’s baptize Ulysses.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Reading your comments made me wanna post new updates as fast as possible, so keep em coming ;)
“Yeah.” Steve chuckled, “I bet if he lived long enough he would be down in DC marching with Martin Luther King Jr or protesting Vietnam.”
“Hmm, yeah that’s true.” Tony conceded. Steve was competitive like no one Tony had ever met before and was a surprisingly sore loser when it came to stupid, meaningless competitions like Mario kart or Wii fit. It was amusing to say the least.
“I know! Conservation energy!”
“Cap? What happened?” Tony rasped out.
“Stay down!” Jimmy pulled him down, out of sight and almost flat to the floor of the vehicle when the other soldier was shot down as soon as he stepped out.
“I got him the cat.” she answered simply.
“Thank you, Peter.” Steve smiled softly at his youngest. The rest of his family nodded in agreement with Peter. Thor clapped him on his back and grinned, “Sorry for ruining your proposals, Steve. We’ll make it up to you.”
Just then an elevator located near the back of the lobby opened, and out came a visibly distressed Steve Rogers holding a hyperventilating and massively pregnant Tony Stark in his arms to the lobby.
The rest of the reporting from the news was lost, swallowed by the deafening sound of breaking glass that jolted Clint from his light nap. The spy was now awake and alert, searching for the source of the sound. In his mind, he prepared for the possibility that the Tower has been invaded, however nothing seemed out of place as he surveyed his surroundings. The television is still playing the morning news, his empty cereal bowl was still on the coffee table so he hadn’t accidentally kicked it in his sleep and no AIM or HYDRA agent was abseiling through the ceiling.
“What about entertainment?” Tony asked.
“Note the moodiness,” Clint stage-whispered to Bucky, “it was like this last time too. Plus irrational hatred of all things circular.”
of a novel and Steve loved it. It let him escape the horrors of war, let him imagine a peaceful life in Dublin, in the land of his ancestors, a land he never get to visit. It helped him hold on to sanity.
Tony shook his head, burying it in Steve’s chest, unwilling to speak more about the nightmare that has been haunting him, “Shh, shh,” Steve soothed, “It’s okay. You don’t have to tell me now, but when you’re ready, I’m here for you. Alright?” He felt Tony nodded in assent, still hiding his face in Steve’s chest. Steve carded his strong fingers through his messy mop, offering comfort and companionship to Tony.
“Boss.” Thor’s deep baritone broke through the silence, and they turned to find him by the door. Thor gestured his head to the side, signaling them to follow him outside.
Tony observed it with minute surprise. Seemed like he and Steve weren’t the only ones with a secret to share.
“Peter, baby, why didn’t you tell us?” Babbo asked him hesitantly, “Is it because you don’t trust us? You don't feel comfortable enough to confide in us?” Twenty years in and some remnants of parenthood insecurity still seemed to plague Tony. It was his greatest fear on Earth and his life's greatest failure if his sons were to feel like they couldn't trust him or be reassured enough of his love for them.
“What would you say if I told you that notebook you read and write in every day, used to have a lot of stuff about me in it?
Steve halted his steps, a frown appearing at his brow, “What is it?”
“Three weeks ago. Said he didn’t wanna be a burden to me and James anymore. I don’t know. He made up his mind. Ain’t nobody could change it once that kid made up his mind.” Joe continued, “You know what, he’s doing great over there. Started teaching art classes for the others and he gets to paint every day. Actually, I heard he’s even singing again.”
Jamie laughed again, his continuous exposure to Peter’s ramblings has endeared him to them. Peter was like the little brother he never had, being an only child. And Jamie found that that was something he looked forward to.
“Hey,” Clint and Coulson came to them at that moment, “Uh, so Clint told me something and I think you need to know.”
Nick sighed exasperatedly. Great, just fucking great.
“No, Tony.” Bruce replied, his tone solemn, “there’s been an accident.”
“Well then, tell your dad happy birthday from me. And have a good time up at the Dole. I had a great time today. Thank you.” Tony said, moving towards his car that was separated from Steve’s bike by a cargo van.
My plan is to erase you completely...as if you never existed.
“Master Ulysses, Sir. He has been playing Hootie and the Blowfish songs since he woke up this morning.”
Just as Steve finished preparing the dining room for their dinner, he received a text message from Natasha telling him she and Bucky couldn’t take the kids for the night for shocking reasons.
“I like it, Buck. It is a work of art. That Tony Stark is a genius.” Steve said, moving to the kitchen to retrieve Joe’s present.
Ulysses grinned at his parents, before saying, “No.” then he clapped and squealed when Tony let out a laugh.
“Meaning Rumlow was in your club last night. And yet,
“Really, Peter?” Jamie’s left eyebrow arched in disbelief, “We really gonna do this? I know it was you, Peter. First you said my name, then proceed to ramble about it like there’s no tomorrow. Then you called my mom Mrs. Wilde, plus there’s no ignoring the fact that you tried to make your voice sound deeper but it only made you sound like that time you had a sore throat from strep infection. Also now that I have a chance to see you in broad daylight, Spiderman looks to be about your height and build. Am I wrong, Peter?”
“Marry me,” Anthony gasped out as they broke the kiss. His eyes were bright and happy, his smile intoxicating and wide. He looked like everything Steven didn’t know he wanted but now that they met, Steven couldn’t imagine how he was able to live before this moment, “Marry me and take me away from this godforsaken place.”
Tony gasped and heaved as the contraction passed, “I need to squat,”
“You’ll see soon enough,” Clint sighed.
“Tony,” he said reverently after they broke away from the kiss, “Like I said before, Bucky is my past. You and Ulysses are my future. I’m not letting go of you, ever.” Steve pushed their foreheads together, making Tony see the blue of his eyes, so bright and earnest with love and affection. “Never. You’re stuck with me, Tony Stark.”
“I…I…” Tony’s eyes flickered towards the television. Steve followed his line of sight to the television, only to see morning daytime show commercials.
“What about-- the anesthetics? You have to tell them, Bruce. You have to--” Tony didn’t want Steve to be pulled under again. Not like what happened after the fall of SHIELD.
Not really happy with this chapter. I had massive writers block after finishing up the Discussion section of my paper.
“What happened?” Ulysses asked cautiously.
They weren’t two planets on different orbits, destined to never intersect the other’s path. They were two fusing nuclei, contracting and releasing energy to create a Supernova of incandescent luminosity.
Tony returned to their apartment that night feeling all out of sorts. The truth was he didn’t know how to feel. One one hand, he felt awed and humbled at the great lengths to which his employees went through to cover up what they thought murder committed by himself and Steve. Tony had always believed this band of ragtag misfits that worked for them were a solid group. To him and Steve, they felt more like family than people they worked with. These latest showing of obstruction of justice and deceit to the police showed how strongly they had each others’ backs, working as a strong unit, a phalanx defending and shielding each other. Even though what they managed to accomplish was obfuscation based on preconceived notions of what the current facts showed, Tony felt relieved that he could count on them to watch his and Steve’s back. It’s quite worrying how their friends easily believed that Steve would be capable of killing someone for Tony. Clint’s words when he showed them the Lost and Found echoed in Tony’s mind.
“I’d prefer pragmatic and rational, thanks. And it’s called being a businessman, my dear.” Tony grinned devilishly at Sharon.
“You’re the best, Bruce.” Tony smiled tremulously.
Natasha sighed and lifted Ulysses out of his playpen to carry him, “Then why are you moping down here, instead of being down there with Steve?”
(He looked so cute though. Tony might have made JARVIS took pictures in all of the angles possible to take pictures in.)
“Of course, valiant knight,” Anthony responded cheerfully, smiling up at this intriguing man who came in to his rescue. Everything about him entranced Anthony and he felt himself eager to know more about this man, to stay with him even after everything was over.
“You ready for more?” Steve asked, pulling his fingers out of Tony. He moved lower towards the bed, positioning Tony’s legs around his hips. Steve loved it when Tony cradled his body this way when they make love. Feeling Tony’s toned thighs wrapped around him as he make love to him amplified the pleasure for Steve.
Which was when the door to the cabin they were in slammed open without fanfare. Tony and Steve jolted in surprise at the intrusion, the moment ruined. Tony glared at the cockblockers standing on the doorway, Romanov and who he presumed was Agent Barton, looking serious as a heart attack and deadly as a venomous snake.
“Oh Steve, I...” he whispered. Tony’s eyes slowly refocused. His hands clutched at Steve’s arm with a fierceness incomparable.
“Then what do we do?” Bruce’s face was starting to display his confusion at the situation.
“You have tears streaming down your face, love. You’re crying.”
Two months later, an A0 size picture of the family was hung over the penthouse’s fireplace where it would remain for years to come.
“Always, Tony.”
They never did watch the movie that night. They made love to the wee hours of the morning, Tony gasping, out of breath and overwhelmed at the sensations that wrecked his body. Steve covered his body with his own strong body, protecting him from his monsters and the nightmares. Tony could sleep now, Steve’s finally home and save with him.
Steve chuckled, “Tell me, Tony.”
“Captain Rogers, welcome.” he greeted them as they filed into the church. Easter service just concluded, judging by the amount of cars and people milling around outside. They were surprised at the Avengers’ presence in their church, rightly so. It wasn’t everyday that Earth’s Mightiest Heroes came to their neck of the woods.
“What were you doing?” Steve asked, he was walking around the holographic arc reactor that JARVIS was still displaying.
“Both of you, in the living room!  Now!”
” Tony sassed at Peter, ruffling the boy’s hair in payback for making him stop kissing Steve. Steve tangled their fingers together as he walked in after them, smiling fondly at Peter who still squawking in annoyance at his father for rumpling up his hair do.
“What’s going on? Why do you smell different?”
“Oh, thanks!”
“You can hang out with him all day with no attachment, because--”
“Steve?” Tony chuckles in elation, rushing forward to Steve’s bedside and clutching his hand. “You’re awake.”
He arrived home just as Steve was getting ready for the night. Tony’s mate was walking out of their walk-in closet in a white shirt sans pants and in the process of buttoning up his shirt. Well, what a sight to come home to, Tony thought.
“Can somebody please tell me what the hell you guys are talking about?”
Adonis had the nerve to blush, making Anthony more infatuated with him, “I’m Steven of Seriphos. And you are?”
Tony looked to Steve. To be honest, Tony hasn’t thought of a name for this newest baby. They have talked about it, discussing it back and forth, but somehow they couldn’t seem to find a name they both liked. Steve felt like he had no inspiration for a name, which made it hard. But now, sitting on the floor of The Avengers Tower lobby against the marble statue that supported Tony as he gave birth to their son, the name came clearly to him. “Peter.”
He showered earlier at the facility, thinking it would be nice to just be ready to fall into bed with Tony. And if they ended up doing things that warranted another round of showering, Steve would be more than happy to take another one with Tony. He got home around midnight, JARVIS greeting him after he parked his bike in the Tower’s underground garage.
“No, you can’t…” his eyes and facial expression were probably shifty as fuck right now, conveying zero confidence.
Steve laughed, caressing Ulysses’ soft brown hair, “Good job, honey.”
, Steve,” Natasha clinked their glasses together, it always pleased Steve whenever she spoke German, a sign that she was comfortable enough to share a remnant of her past with him, “Here’s to many more Christmases to celebrate with you.” Natasha looked beautiful tonight, her amber eyes warm with contentment. Brown hair tied back in a loose braid that she swept over to her left shoulder, wearing one of Steve’s Army issue shirts and lounge pants. She had been overworking herself, as usual, Steve thought ruefully, the bags under her eyes a testament to the fact. Steve had to carry her out of her lab, not that she minded, and promised her increasingly tawdry sexual favors to get her to take a break at least for the night.
“How could I ever forget about my little munchkins? And it’s not a goodbye forever, okay? I’ll be back by the time you’re finished with school this year and then we can go swim with the dolphins again, okay?” Tony said, kneeling to be at eye level with the kids.
“Do you believe in the Holy Spirit, the Holy Catholic Church?”
, because Steve kept this from him. How long has Steve known about this? Was he only telling Tony about this to clear his conscience so Tony would be more amenable to look for Barnes for him? More
“You have a boyfriend?!” Ulysses exclaimed, looking incredulously at Joe, “Who?!”
Before JARVIS could answer, however, Papa walked into his room, a bright smile on his face when he saw his youngest boy up and moving.
“Hi, honey. Welcome home! Like your Christmas present?”
The thing was Jane and Thor looked like they had an expiration date. Despite Steve’s pep talk the other day, and Thor’s efforts to fight to save their relationship, things seemed doomed to fail. Jane seemed her affable and approachable self. She chatted extensively with Bruce earlier when she arrived, talking about her latest endeavour in studying the Einstein-Rosen bridge, with Tony chiming in once in awhile in the conversation. When Thor came by to take her out for lunch, however things started to go down hill. The light and exuberance that were in her eyes shuttered down, leaving only slight annoyance and resignation at Thor’s interruption. Jane plastered on a fake smile, one that Thor mirrored.
“I’m sorry, darling.” Steve reached out to him, pulling Tony in for a warm embrace, “I was too caught up in helping Bucky that I wasn’t here for you and Ulysses. Forgive me.”
For once in their lives, Tony has no solution to a problem and Steve failed to strategize his way out of a conundrum.
Sinking into Tony and being one with him always felt amazing, like coming home. Like feeling every single piece that made up who he was come together in unison. Like feeling a piece of his soul that Tony carried temporarily becoming a part of him again for the time they were joined together. And if now they have to do it in the dark, then so be it. He would gladly suffer worse fate to be with Tony.
“Levels are steady and holding stable, Sir.”
Steve parked his bike between Dad’s pickup truck and Bucky’s beat up Subaru and walked inside the house.
Right now it’s late enough that the kids have been put to sleep and Tony finally told them his current situation with Steve.
‘Do right by him?’ Peter mouthed silently. Jamie was a bit old fashioned it seemed. Kinda like Papa. “I’m sure you will.” Peter finally said.
want Vietnamese.”
Tony was a genius. He’s a certifiable genius, graduated MIT at age 17, took over Stark Industries at age 21, revolutionized the weapons industry, perfected the arc reactor technology bla di bla. At age 12, he corrected a published paper that led to the retraction of said paper. Come on, they were using a linear regression when they clearly should have been using a Pearson’s correlation. Never ever use a linear regression. It’s appalling that not everybody knew that.
Peter hastily stripped off his costume, shoving it into the back of his closet and donned his pajamas before slipping into bed, just in time for Babbo to open his bedroom door and peered inside.
“See, I’m not exactly sure about the poofing part. Because I’m not a good poofer. Would you two care to demonstrate that for me?”
Steve just fixed him with an indulgent look. Steve didn’t mind one bit whenever he had to change diapers and Ulysses peed on him, much to Tony’s great amusement. Or that one time Steve wanted to bond with Ulysses and initiated skin-to-skin contact with the baby and placed him on his bare chest and Ulysses shat on him. Clint and Sam didn’t let him live that down for a week. Actually they still weren't letting down on that.
“Nobody ever
Steve did the same. He’d learned his lesson, after all he’d put Tony through, all the mistakes he’d made and suffering he’d caused. It was almost three years ago now, but there were still moments when he found guilt swallowing him, where his eyes stung and a lump formed in his throat, where he couldn’t look Tony in the eyes.
“Mine,” Steve gasped, on a particularly hard thrust. “You’re all mine…
His coordination was a little lacking by the time Steve parked the car, and he managed to trip getting out of it, narrowly stopped himself from busting his face on the sidewalk by bracing his hands in front of him. The impact hurt one of his knees, shocked him, and his palms definitely got scratched up.
what the fuck am I supposed to do? I can’t—I can’t—”
in return.
“Yes, those,” Steve said, shaking his head softly. “They’re way too beautiful.”
Tony averted his gaze, tried to smile. “It’s fine,” he said instinctively, even though it felt like his lungs were being squeezed by invisible hands. “I know, I get it, I—“
“They’ve always been good at recruiting,” Steve sighed, brushed a hand over his face. He idly scratched his beard.
“No more sleep ever, huh?” Steve asked, raising a brow. “Then I guess there’s no bedtime stories anymore either.”
He looked around again, took in the slowly yellowing leaves on the trees, the slight, crisp breeze in the air, the nearby rushing of water. There must have been a waterfall nearby, or a river at least, but he couldn’t see it past the old building ahead of them, and the foliage surrounding it. The orchard was surely on the other side, hidden from view, as well as the source of rushing water. It seemed interesting enough of a place, small and cute, and long-standing.
He didn’t have to say anymore, because Steve understood, and braced his hands on Tony’s hips, careful of the angry bruise on one side, and slowly drew out, until just the tip was in, and pushed forward again. He did it a few times, savoring the slow drag, the way Tony couldn’t help but clench around him a little, and how hot and silky smooth he was, wet with lube.
The brunet had the upper hand, he knew, and he intended on using it to get what he wanted. “You’d hate that, wouldn’t you?” he asked. “You’d hate it if I went out, hopped on the first knot I saw. Maybe that nice stranger would fill me up with his knot, fuck me silly like you won’t. Maybe I’d come home smelling like
“A change of pace, for sure,” Steve replied as he sat in the driver’s seat. “I wouldn’t want to live up here either though,” he admitted, looking out the window. “I’d miss the city.”
So. He kept staring at Steve’s ass, and that heinous, disgusting suit. Honestly, who
It’d been an hour or so since his first phone call, and the preceding texts. It’d been an hour and a half since he’d first texted Steve, and gotten no response.
“Fuck, Tony,” he sighed. “All that stretching, all that work and you’re still so goddamn tight.”
Steve smiled at him softly, sympathy in his eyes. “Sorry, I can’t keep you all to myself, no matter how much I want to. But we’ve got the whole day to spend together, and then I’ll take you home tonight. Can you live with that?”
The Alpha struggled to understand. Was this all he would get for the moment? Where were the reprimands? Where was the rightful hatred, the anger? Where was his punishment? Was this all Tony truly had to say to him at the moment? Would the retribution come later? Would he be accepted now, only to be cast out once more in the future? Steve wasn’t sure.
He hoped that would be enough to make Rhodey understand, but he wasn’t sure. Tony hated admitting his feelings. He always thought he sounded stupid, childish, whenever he admitted his insecurities, the things plaguing his mind. Tony felt stupid now, and frowned at the table.
. Tony didn’t have time, didn’t have a chance to figure it all out for himself. No matter how much he wanted to push Steve away, he couldn’t fight it anymore, and half of him didn’t
“Besides a continuous full-on manhunt, with Rhodey at the helm? No. Luckily Rhodey has the excuse of being at my side for my health, so that plan’s a no go. He keeps harping on the social media play, and I keep telling him no. I don’t want the vultures closing in on me, or the baby. I’ll make an announcement when I’m ready.”
Tony couldn’t believe what he was hearing. This was ridiculous. He held up a finger. “Let me get this straight—I’ve been flirting with you for two months, sometimes to an absurd degree, and you didn’t tell me to stop because you actually
“Oh, fuck yeah,” Tony sighed, the pleasure already mounting, after being here for so, so long.
Steve could hardly get his voice to work. Every bit of him felt swallowed up, distant, gone, like he wasn’t a person anymore. He didn’t deserve to be a person, didn’t deserve anything he’d ever had, anything Tony had ever given him. All that remained were Tony’s words now, his voice, squeezing his heart, and if it weren’t for their keen sting, the Alpha would float away entirely. Steve would never turn from them, from his mate, ever again.
He couldn’t believe that he was here. He couldn’t believe he was so lucky. Hell, who knew how tonight could have ended? What horrors could he have endured if he’d been less lucky, less aware? He could’ve ended up cold and alone, in a ditch somewhere or something, with no one to save him, no one to keep him safe. He could’ve been used, and thrown away when he was all used up, like a plaything, like a two dollar whore. He could’ve been the next sad news story, only given a moment’s notice, and consigned to oblivion, never given a second thought.
“What brings you here? I told your Dad and Barnes that I’ll be back in the afternoon to pick you up so we can hang out.” Steve smiled and tilted his head, acknowledging Tony’s words. “I needed to see you,” he started. Steve was nervous, he started fiddling the journal he brought with him.
“He’s the child of petulance,” Rhodey pointed at Tony, “and stubbornness,” then at Steve, “did anyone expect anything else?”
“Maybe I already went home. I left around 4 AM last night.”
“What about you?”
Tony laughed at Steve’s question, his hands caressing Steve’s face. “Of course, lover. As you were.”
“You get it, you’re closer to the door.”
“What did you see when you were up there, Tony?” Steve asked him. It was something that he had been dying to know, because he knew Tony saw something up there. The look in his eyes when he first came to among the rubbles on the streets of New York was one Steve recognized and knew all too well: the gaze of a soldier who had seen something troubling, something that would haunt them for the rest of their lives, leaving them shell-shocked. There was no doubt in his mind that Tony was going through the same thing and Steve hated that he was helpless in the face of such trauma.
“I’ll even let you name them
“What do we need to do now? Does Tony need to take medications? How-- how is this going to impact the baby?” Steve asked again. Tony felt numb and out of sorts at the diagnosis. He couldn’t believe this was happening.
“Well I’m an engineer, an inventor and a mechanic. Building and fixing stuff is kinda my thing.” Tony said, giving Steve a very
Steve smiled and took his hands, “Tony. Nice to meet you.”
“I should probably start talking to him, shouldn’t I?”
It seemed as though the board members were once again directing their passive aggressive
“They’ll have their chances later on.” Steve said, smiling down at Tony.
“How did you do it?” Tony asked again, “how did you forgive them so easily? You wanted to bring them back into the Union, forgave their crimes, their trespasses, after what they’ve done. They tore the country apart. They killed their own brothers and sisters, spilled their countrymen’s bloods and used it to color the earth red, all in the name of slavery. And you forgave them, wanted to welcome them back with open arms. How?”
“Got it, Boss.”
“You should realize that everything they do to help us is actually making us look guilty in front of the police.” Tony sat down on the bed and started to take off his shirt, facing away from his mate, “especially you.”
“You know, Babbo, it’s still really early in the relationship. Don’t you think exposing him to the entire family could wait until a couple of months of dating?” Joe tried to plead.
“Hey guys,” he sidled up next to them, casually resting his hand on the small of Joe’s back, “good morning. Peter, how are you feeling?”
“Why are you showing this to me?” Tony asked, his head reeling with the revelation that Natasha had lied to the cops and was apparently withholding information and most likely obstructing justice.
“Tony, please,” Steve was aware he was begging, but he didn’t care. This wasn’t fair, they’d just meet each other again.
Tony laughed, “Looks like Ulysses got his wish after all. Powerpuff Boys, here we come.”
“At the-- what?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“There’s no HYDRA.” Bucky replied flatly.
The TSA officer pinned them both with a distrustful look, “Don’t move.”
Steve settled back in his seats, crossing his arms in front of his chest and debating whether or not he should fetch Tony and Clint from the bar, when Peter ran up to him looking panicked.
Sarah would have a better solution, he was sure of that. Sarah would have buckled down, Joe’s not strong enough to see the pain and sadness in his son’s eyes every single day. He’d rather pull a Groundhog Day, keeping Steve well and happy, doing the same thing day after day, unchanging.
“It’s Clint, so they discussed sex.” Natasha said, knowing her best friend well.
Peter blushed, “Well, I don’t know. I mean, Liz is so popular, the probabilities of her not having a date already is slim to none. So you know, I should just not think about that.”
going to be okay, sweetheart. He’ll be fine.”
There was nobody in the world who are not aware or have a slight inkling of who Peter’s parents are: Tony Stark, owner of Stark Industries, the world’s leading pioneer in sustainable energy, cutting edge electronics and medical advancements as well as environmental protection initiatives, not to mention his alter ego as Iron Man, co-leader of the Avengers and Steve Rogers, legendary war hero, anti- war and workers’ rights activists, advocate for the downtrodden and oppressed and co-leader of the Avengers.
“Tony, you are
”. Once that was done, Tony turned his attention to Ulysses, who had little Aurora perched on his shoulder, and was taking a selfie with Sam and Bucky with the beach as the backdrop,
“I want this bar because I know how to turn into a gold mine,” he started, both Clint and Loki looking disparagingly at him.
“He’s still breathing. Still alive.” Clint whispered, face close to Steve’s nose and mouth, “Fucking superserum did what it’s supposed to do.”
Steve closed his eyes, resigning himself to a temporary fate of paralysis, counting on Tony for every single thing he would need. It gnawed at him, being helpless again. The serum should have taken care of that, should have spared him the indignity of being an invalid again. Now, he was just a burden on Tony, on their family, when he was supposed to be the Alpha, the pack leader. The one to carry the burden, not being one.
“Obviously you weren’t where you said you were.” Sharon interrupted, “so where were you?” Steve felt his hackles raised up. Is the detective actually implying that Tony was stepping out on him? Or that Tony was the one who killed this man? His ire must have shown on his face because he felt Tony squeezed his bicep slightly in an attempt to calm him down.
He didn’t notice it at first, just chalked it up to one of those things that happened with pregnant people. Tony walked into the lounge at lunch time, starving after a full morning of meetings with SI’s board members. Steve, Natasha and Sam were gathered around the island in the kitchen eating lunch. Steve looked up from his lunch as he sensed Tony entering the kitchen and smiled brightly at his mate.
Tony groaned, slowly waking up and said blearily, “Sleep here with me. Bedroom’s too far...”
“Hello? Am I speaking to Dr. Anthony E.C. Stark?”
“What? You gettin’ sleepy?” Steve snarked back. His stomach was killing him, he was ready for this to be over.
Peter was pretty smug about it all, bragging to Ned that he bagged Joe a boyfriend, which Joe halfheartedly deny in between the blushing and the indignant sputtering. He and Jamie haven’t made anything official, haven’t even talked about what it was that they have. They’re friends, perhaps a little bit more than friends, but not quite in the boyfriend territory yet. Hell, they rarely touched each other. Other than that one instance where they basically held hands as they walked from the cafeteria to Joe’s Physics class, their touches have been limited to Jamie touching Joe’s shoulder before he left for class, or that one time when he touched Joe’s cheek. He didn’t think he stopped blushing the entire day. Auntie Nat even asked if he had a fever when he came home that day.
Tony scoffed and smirked, “I was busy being pounded to the mattress by my mate, at around 5 this morning. What about you?”
“So, the question is: what do you want, Tony? Do you want this baby?”
“Told them it’s for the vets and the kids.”
Happy Veterans Day to my American readers, and Happy Armistice Day to my European readers. If there are any veterans reading this story, thank you for your service! We really appreciate all of your sacrifice and service to the country :)
Then one summer, Steve had a growth spurt like no other. Joe was away on tour, so all he knew was that he left behind a 5’0” 15 year old son and came back to a 16 year old son who was as tall as him at 6’2”. His boy also gained the ability to put on muscle, and has since become eligible to play football for the high school’s varsity team. So Steve’s healthy now, and Joe felt like he has one less thing to worry about. And with Steve’s apparent academic and athletic aptitudes, Joe had no doubt that Steve would be able to secure an athletic scholarship to UH, ensuring his education and future.
“A week at least. She expressed a desire to extend her stay so we can spend time together.”
At some point, he started to believe the line he fed to the public.
They continued dictating until they reached the end of the journal. Once done, they printed the whole thing with a cover adorned with big block letters that read “READ ME”. the remains of the journal were then burned outside in a fire proof wastebasket.
“And you think I know where it is, don’t you Buck?” Steve concluded for him, halting them on their tracks.
“You can decree?”
“Someone used my coat to muffle the gunshot.” Tony concluded, and Bruce nodded his agreement, “well, what did you do with my coat?”
“Joe has a boyfriend!” he shrieked out.
“Recognize him?” Bucky asked them Steve and Tony shook their heads in answer, “Never seen him before in my life.” Tony answered for them.
“Yeah, bud. It sucks but that’s life. Sometimes it gives you a swift kick in the ass and knocks you down.” Clint said, “But you just have to keep moving forward. It might not feel like it for now, but it might be a blessing in disguise.” Tony shot Clint a grateful look, because despite the crass wording, Clint’s message was true.
“Oh honey,” Peter heard Papa said. There were unshed tears in his brilliant blue eyes that Peter always loved, “We are always, always proud of you. It doesn’t matter if you change the world in a blink of an eye, or if you fall flat on your face doing what you love the most. You, Joe and Ulysses are the best parts of your Babbo and I. You don’t have to do anything to make us feel proud of you but to exist.
“Are those tears?” he teased Natasha next. Natasha has became more like a friend than an employee in the past year they have been acquainted with each other. She still scared the crap out of Tony, but in the midst of that fear was also a profound sense of affection, like ones siblings share.
He was still coming down from it when Steve followed him over the peak, the hand wrapped around Tony’s thigh squeezing tight enough to bruise, and hips jerking forward with each spurt of cum. Tony’s name was on his lips, and his eyes were shut tight from the intensity of it all.
That was all the answer Tony needed, all the confirmation. He knew he hadn’t been imagining it all, hadn’t imagined Steve’s interest. There was an undeniable connection between them, something strong and intense and unspoken, but most importantly
Steve pulled Tony a little closer again. The brunet let his hand slip up Steve’s back, his fingers grasping the soldier’s t-shirt in response.
Steve let out a little groan at the sensation, could feel his hole clench against the emptiness, and it filled him with excitement, a little embarrassment like it always did. He watched his wife wiggle out of the harness, grinned as she let out a satisfied sigh, and climbed up on his lap again.
“You’ve said that already today,” Steve pointed out, smug grin on his face.
Steve smiled back at him, brushed a thumb across his reddened lips. “Let me return the favor,” he said, and Tony nodded enthusiastically.
Steve tried to take his words to heart. He was probably right; he usually was. He couldn’t manage much more than a nod, an attempt at a smile which fell flat.
He’d have to try hard not to lose it today, if he was going to play this little game with Tony. The brunet would surely make it hard to win.
“I’m divorcing you. Three months is clearly long enough,” Tony insisted.
Tony made a little disappointed noise.
He tried not to let on how worried he actually was. The thing was, the erratic path the jet took before its final spot wasn’t
it! It took another ten minutes, more pain and more suffering and desperation and struggling, his voice growing hoarse from whimpering and moaning, before he finally made progress, before the end was in sight.
“I’m here,” Steve confirmed, stepping up on the sidewalk. “Are you alright? Are you hurt?”
Steve relinquished his hold on the brunet’s pretty neck then, and pulled out the dildo, let it fall to the side somewhere, stroked Tony’s thighs where they were spread around his waist.
“…You know you can’t,” he said softly, even though it pained him to say it. “It’d be too hard. We don’t know if it would even take.”
Tony hoped he’d been able to step away undetected before any kind of awkwardness ensued, but unfortunately (or fortunately, as it would turn out) Steve stopped mid-step to check out a text on his phone, and Tony bumped face-first into his back.
Steve thought for the millionth time, tearing up clumps of grass around him where he sat on the ground.
“I wouldn’t punch,” Steve protested, resting his head on Tony’s. “I’ll just leave them with a warning, unless they say something about you. Then I’m
, and desperately needed clean up, and fast, but he could hold off on that for a few more minutes if only to take in the brunet’s flushed cheeks, his mussed up hair, and the smile he was unable to keep off of his face. There were few sights better in life than a happy Tony, he thought.
sent heat pooling in his groin, only heightened with the first drag of pressure against his prostate. He couldn’t help but let out a yelp at that, at the chills that rippled up his body, made even his nipples hard.
Steve took his shirt off slowly, moved across the room and draped it over the arm chair in the corner. He didn’t want it getting wrinkled.
“W-wait!” he said, and caught up to Tony easily, and properly shielded him from the downpour with his umbrella. “You came this far under my umbrella. Might as well go the rest of the way.”
The longer he waited, his forehead pressed against the window, the glass vibrating softly from the insane bass spilling out of the house beside him, the more upset he got, and by the time Steve got back, he’d shed tears again, and struggled to stop. He couldn’t stop until he saw the soldier’s figure approaching, and then rushed to brush them off his face.
“A part of you is missing,” Wanda finished for him, tone solemn.
“Like this?” Tony echoed, and turned his head to look up at Steve.
“You get off on this,” he accused, brows knit in a pout. “Ordering me around.”
It had taken so long to get him open like this, to the point where his hole was gaping wide, able to take so much, and he
. He was spouting off one quip after another, with plenty of invasive questions and swear words to fill a book. Most of the party guests were giving him a wide berth, and the few that braved a conversation with Tony left feeling humiliated or scandalized. Tony’d had a bit to drink too. Not enough to be drunk, but enough that his shoulders had dropped casually, and that he didn’t seem to want to even
He’d been surprised they fit on it together at all. Steve wasn’t small, by any means, and Tony was of average height, even if he looked small next to Steve. Even pressed together they took up a lot of room. There was a reason they had big beds back at the tower.
opportunity, to try and build something with Steve, to give voice to his emotions, and apparently, without fear of rejection. Could he have received a better gift? He didn’t think so. He sure as hell wasn’t going to waste it.
Tony laughed.
“Steve,” he replied, pushed off of the phone booth wall.
“On the surface level, maybe, but who follows a recipe to the T? There’s…I don’t know. There’s a lot more to it. You can tell when someone really bakes. It just tastes special.”
“I know.”
Steve hesitated just a moment.
each other. At least Steve could hold Tony in his arms now, and truly comfort him. At present, his voice was all he could offer, though he didn’t think it held any true comfort.
The tiny bakery was surprisingly impressive. Of course they had their selection of apple-flavored pastries, but they weren’t limited strictly. There were a lot of mixtures and unique flavors, reasonably priced too, so Steve understood why this place had its local claim to fame. He wasn’t in a mood for a pastry himself, but gladly tried a cup of apple cider. According to the employees, it was the best north of Albany, and he was inclined to agree. Tony got himself an apple cider donut, and judging by the little moan he let out when he took a first bite, it was plenty good too.
Steve scoffed at that. [A beautiful blimp.]
Steve drew his hands back then, grabbed the bottle of lube. “Then be a good boy for me, baby, show me your pretty hole.”
Luckily, there was word from Rhodey, and even better,
, and you need to take care of them, like you should have been, like you
“Well, stop it,” Steve protested, leaning down and hiding his face in the crook of Tony’s neck. He brought his hands down, let them settle at the brunet’s waist. “Don’t ruin our perfectly good afternoon by talking about that asshole. If I ever see him…”
It’d been eight months since they’d seen each other, eight months since standing in the same room, on opposite sides of a conflict, on opposite sides of a rift Tony had been sure would never heal. How would it feel, seeing each other again? Could it ever feel like before? Would his heart, his instincts allow Steve back in? Or had they truly, permanently ruined everything?
The blond was asleep. He was spread out along the length of the couch, a hand dropped over the side. His hair was a little disheveled, and from the look on his face, he was pretty deep in sleep. That was endearing in itself, but that wasn’t all Tony was greeted with. Steve’s other hand was resting firmly on Peter’s back, the baby sprawled out on his chest, looking equally exhausted, his little pacifier sticking out of his mouth and his breathing deep and calm.
Tony told himself, and his child.
They didn’t play up the age difference thing all that often, but Tony really seemed to love it whenever he was feeling insecure like today, loved that Steve was older and stronger and safe, that he took care of Tony willingly, gladly, and even though he wouldn’t admit it verbally, it absolutely always had to do with what Howard did to him, the way he treated him. Maybe it was kind of fucked up to crave that missing affection, to get it from his boyfriend, but Steve never seemed to mind, never judged Tony in any capacity. Steve’s own father hadn’t been perfect either, wasn’t as bad as Tony’s, but wasn’t a walk in the park, but Steve at least had his mother to count on back then, and of course Bucky, so he never felt unloved, never felt that crippling, strangling hold of misery that twisted its way into Tony’s heart so often. Steve did his best to counteract that, to give Tony all that he could, all that he needed.
There hadn’t been another kiss since, because this was a competition after all, and neither were willing to give away an advantage.
“So what’s the plan now, sweetheart?” he asked.
liked being able to turn people twice his age into sputtering idiots. That was to be expected, of course, because he was a
He looked good. Healthy. His eyes were still distant, a little sad, but the smile he gave Steve was genuine, standing beside T’challa and Shuri. He’d obviously made progress, as the monthly emails Shuri sent their little laptop indicated. Steve wished he’d been able to correspond directly with Bucky, to tell him everything that had happened, but he thought it was best to keep his distance, to allow his friend’s treatment to do its work, to heal him.
The brunet wasn’t sure how long he’d been sitting there, trying to get a handle on himself, watching the water flow in and out of the bay when Steve finally appeared. He felt physically weighed down by his emotions, by misery, and it wasn’t the first time in his life. He was quite familiar with this brand of pain, of self hatred, and was loathe to experience it again. He didn’t have a choice though. He never did.
“Well, that could have gone marginally worse,” Vision announced, standing from his seat.
“Yeah. Let’s wait and see,” he decided.
The brunet groaned a little, exhaled sharply. “One.”
He felt the gasp catch in his throat as he caught sight of his gift. They were a matching pair of cufflinks in gold, pristine, polished, and beautiful. They weren’t any regular pair of cufflinks, though, because Tony had plenty of them, and Steve knew it. These were special, and instantly became Tony’s favorite pair.
Steve slumped against a tree, slid down to the ground. He inspected his aching hands. “I know. It’ll take a lot of work, a lot of stealing too. We’ll have to slip across borders. The Wakandan Border Tribe should recognize us. Hopefully they’ll be willing to listen.”
“God, you take me so well, don’t you?” Natasha asked, starting up a smooth motion. She gripped his hips a little tighter, put a little more power into her thrusts.
“Maybe a little,” the blond replied, smiling.
“He’s also an idiot. He’s the biggest, most stubborn idiot I’ve ever met, but he’s my idiot,
It wasn’t an accident that Steve had left himself out of the equation. He didn’t know if he’d get to come home, if he would properly be in his son’s life. Did he deserve it? Did he still deserve the love of his mate, of his child? He hoped so.
Steve fucked into him steadily, drank in his low moans, the way they started soft and got louder with each press against his prostate. “Love you,” he groaned out, adding a little more force to the pumping of his hips. His cock twitched desperately, and god it felt so good, and he didn’t think he was gonna last much longer. “Perfect, so tight, fuck you feel good, Tony.”
“I also got us some breakfast sandwiches. Normally I cook breakfast or just eat cereal, but I didn’t want to make too much noise. You were really out, but I didn’t wanna wake you.”
“Oh Tony,” he breathed. “I tried to get away, I really did, I’m—they needed me and I couldn’t just drop it all on the spot,” Steve said, crossing the room in seconds. “I’m sorry.”
“Grab some pillows too,” Tony said, shifting Peter in his arms.
. “Mm, no. Let’s just…”
His somewhat hard expression softened, and he uncrossed his arms, held out a hand. “Teammates,” he agreed. “And friends.”
“And it’s been several hours longer than anticipated?”
a team, it was difficult to keep that in mind in times like this. Sometimes, Tony wanted out.
He pushed away the vision of dark walls, of blood-soaked snow, and his own chest, littered with bruises. He pushed away the words which had replayed so many times in his sleep, in his nightmares, and would surely haunt him even now, even moving forward. He had to push them all away, learn to silence them once and for all, for Peter, and for himself. He had to. There was no way around it anymore. It was time. Tony licked his lips, summoned his courage and…
Tony considered that for a moment. He managed a little thoughtful hum in reply.
“Fine,” Steve said eventually. “Fine.”
That was exactly what he did. Steve took his time, started with one finger, just fucked in and out slowly, as if he had all the time in the world. He pulled out, played with and stretched Tony’s rim, hooked a finger into the side and pulled a little, not enough to hurt but enough to take Tony off guard, and then pressed back in until Tony started rocking his hips into it, wanting more, needing more. Steve worked his way up to three fingers, moving so damn slow, the pads of his fingertips occasionally pressing into Tony’s prostate, leaving him flushed and writhing on the bed, his cock straining with the need to cum. It’d already made such a mess, pre-cum dripping from the head and onto his belly.
this much, if he didn’t still love you. He’s angry, and fuck does he have a right to be, after what we did, after so much, but you’ll make it work. I think he wants you to make it work.”
Steve didn’t know if he could take the answer. He dreaded it, more than any moment he’d endured in his life. What would he do? How could he take it if something was wrong, if this latest slip up, the loss of the flip phone, was at fault for more suffering? How could he take it if Tony hated him even more? And the baby… If—if there was something wrong, if he didn’t make it…
Tony let out a little sob, overwhelmed suddenly, his breathing shaky. He hated this. He hated it so fucking much.
Tony took a deep breath. His face was still warm and kind of blotchy from his tears, and his nose was a little stuffed. The bruises pressed into his forearm, compliments from his father, stung, and would for a few days probably. Tony didn’t hesitate to crawl forward on the bed though, drop himself on Steve’s lap. He pressed a cheek to Steve’s shoulder, took a few harsh breaths when the blond’s hands settled on his back, his touch gentle and grounding.
