Michael and Gordon tried to take a gay teen to conversion therapy
Dean meets Ishim, Hannah and finally sees Cas again.
“So gross,” Ruby said, rolling her eyes and sitting on Gordon’s lap.  He fed her a french fry that she sucked out of his hand like the best cock she’d ever seen.  Dean laughed.  He wasn’t sure if it was with her or at her.  Ruby never struck him right. She was too eager and demanding.  Not like Lisa, who tucked in against his side like she was made for him.
“No, I’m good.” Dean’s eyes drooped.
“Dean?” a sharp voice broke through the fog filling his mind.
“Fine.”  he stripped down to his boxers, including shoes and socks, and left all the dirty clothes in a pile.  He grabbed the towel Dean had left for him and wandered around the house.  He expected to find something akin to a beach shower, a spigot sticking out from the wall, and maybe a bucket and some rocks for the flooring.  Instead, he found another complete room.  It was built open and airy, Mediterranean style, with gaps between the wood wide enough to let in light but not enough to see through.  When he stepped in, the room was much larger than he’d expected, the floor wood slats that allowed the water to drain but was smooth against Castiel’s feet.  Near the door were hooks and a bench and even a lightswitch that turned on gentle overhead lighting.
He breathed in and was careful not to let himself touch the tempting skin peeking out, pale with soft, thin hair.  Jesus, this was going to kill him.  The spasming muscle was easy to find and Castiel pressed hard with his thumbs, encouraging the blood flow to increase in that area to soothe the injured muscle when he released the pressure.  He massaged the small patch of thigh he trusted himself to touch and the man said nothing, his breath ragged and loud.  Surely still from the run.
“Which means you can’t date anyone else.”
Assholes.
“Whatever, Dean.  Make your own choices.  I’m going with them.”
“I hate that shit.  Who knew that being a nerd had its own kind of paparazzi.”
“Yeah, should have warned you, she’s a little rapey,” Cas laughed and stroked Claire’s head before giving some kind of hand gesture that made the dog back off Dean and sit.
“Dude, we are so keeping you.  So useful,” Dean teased and came to stand at Cas’ side.  He wanted to wrap an arm around him, pull him tight into his hip. Dean knew enough to know that this could never be casual. Still, whatever this was, wherever they were going, it was fragile and terrifying. For once, Dean agreed with the part of his brain that suggested it would be better to wait.
Who wanted contract negotiations, raise your hand?  This is a little less formal, but a fuck of a lot more titillating for what's coming next chapter, no?
“No, I don’t feel it because I’m fucking human,” Dean looked at Cas and thought about the handgun he kept in his glove compartment and the shotgun just inside the front door. “Why do you feel it?”
Dean laughed again. From someone else it would feel like they were laughing at him but from Dean, it was so warm and kind, Castiel found himself smiling even though he still wasn’t in on the joke.
Meg nodded and let him wrap an arm around her shoulder and half guided, half pushed her into the crowd.  She kept her back straight, her tears reigned in, and while Dean didn’t know what was going on, he could tell it was an act of tremendous strength to keep her shit together like this.  There were so many people there that he couldn’t keep from bumping into someone no matter which way he went.
“No,” Sister Veronica replied without inflection as she dipped more bread in honey for the crazed angel.
“Vafiel and Lezoul rushed ahead of the man, determined to prove his claim that ten good men could be found.  When they arrived, the streets were littered with trash and prostitutes, and the few men they found were inebriated or smelled of pork meat.  The cities themselves wreaked of the scents of sin. To find even one man who respected the laws of God would be a miracle.  But we watched from a distance, allowing them to make their own fates.
wasn’t enough to even begin to cover it, but he didn’t have the words right now.  His vocabulary was full of ways to show his fury, his disgust, his hatred, his despair.  He didn’t have enough ways to say how grateful he was.
The man stretched one leg out, then the other—and, pulling it back in with a muffled cry, clutched his inner thigh.  “Owww, fuck.”  He practically bounced in place as his eyes screwed shut.
“No… Fuck…” Meg muttered, turning into him, body freezing except for the nails that were now definitely digging into the skin of his chest and arm.
When he got home, he discovered Dean standing in the middle of the living room in nothing but a low slung pair of jeans flipping himself upside down in an attempt to do a handstand.  Garth cowered at the end of the couch, barking at his owner in horror.
“Don’t you, ah, want to—you know—take care of you?” Dean felt his cheeks heat and the smile on Cas’s face told him he was blushing.  He could feel the hardness of Cas’ desire against his hip and reached down, running a hand over his hip and tracing fingers between them.
As soon as Dean was healed enough to stand up, he started demanding to know what they have found out.  Sam, Eileen, and Sister Veronica all stood around the infirmary chair he sat in as if he were holding court, all three with identical smiles.
Castiel Novak is a seminary student who has moved to Sioux Falls and rented a room from the far too attractive Dean Winchester.
Cas stared wide-eyed for a moment until Dean reached behind him and pulled his shirt off over his head in one smooth movement.  Dean’s anti-possession tattoo, his wing sleeve, the Enochian sigil on his forearm, and now the simple, elegant script tattooed just under his clavicle where no one could see it unless he was shirtless were on display.  A new addition to his collection he’d gotten before all this chaos began.
“Castiel, Victor’s a dude.”
“Dean, really though, you know there’s a whole gay scene in this city that it doesn’t seem like you’re too into, and he’s involved in a lot of it.  If you don’t want
“Yeah, yeah, in my boot.”
FYI, I'm throwing my hat in the kinktober ring.  Day 1's story is already up!  Check it out and follow along for some good old-fashioned smut.  Subscribe to the series for updates (hopefully) every day.
“Hardy har har,” Dean said back with a broad smile.
He had a few welts blooming but for the most part didn’t look like the picture Missouri had painted. If anything, he was really attractive—until he started bouncing on his toes and whining.
Hmmm, Cas tilted his head to the side and Dean noticed how his shoulders had fallen and the pain in his eyes had diminished.  Whatever Cas wanted to know, Dean would tell him.  He’d sing fucking dixie if it kept that terrifying detached look from ever returning.
“I just couldn’t get into that shit today. It’s hard enough having to do all the work, but then listening to her drone on and on about all this crap I don’t give two fucks about is more than I could handle.”
“Stupid yoga,” Dean muttered. “Think you can teach me?”
Dean moaned, his cock twitching at the memory.  He most definitely didn’t have time or the privacy to jack-off in the car outside Cas’ apartment, but the memory of those dry, textured finger beds petting his tongue as he stood there, mouth open, letting himself be used however Cas desired.  A shiver broke out through his body, his shoulders twitching, need pooling low in his gut.  He didn’t have words for that feeling, but he wanted more.  He craved it.
They continued to banter as they cleaned up and carried everything inside.  Castiel managed to avoid talking about his past while insisting he do the dishes.  It’s only fair since Dean did all the cooking.
“Still! Little asshole was hitching a ride in my hair. I feel so violated.” Dean exaggerated his voice a little.
Dean’s eyes got bigger still and a shudder ran through his whole body. “Jesus, Cas. You can’t just say stuff like that.”
“So, when someone is inducted into the Queer Elite--”
and Cas runs away
“Yes, my love.  That’s what I want too.  From now until eternity, which is a literal time frame for angels.”
“Excuse us,” Dean said when they reached the first obvious nun they could find. She stood small and stout, her black outfit and white habit out of one of the old movies Cas loved to make Dean watch in the middle of the night when everyone else was asleep.
“Nothing,” Sam reached down and turned up the radio.  Dean had a new tape Gordon had copied for him, something heavy and hard and angry.  He mostly preferred the box of tapes his dad had left when he left him the Impala but he liked knowing what his friends were talking about, so he tried to listen along at least a little.  The thing was, he knew Sammy hated this kind of music.  He was all about the melody and the words—little dweeb.  But turning up The Kills was a sure fire way to tell his brother was NOT ok.
“Oh, it’s brutal and excessive and totally transgressive.  We should watch it.”
“I do want you.” Cas leaned forward, placing his other hand on Dean’s chest.  “Please believe that, sweet one.  I do.”
Previously on Prayer in G:
“You’re gonna? Umm, you’re gonna do that?” Dean’s eyes looked around the room, trying to lock on something, anything but Castiel
“Castiel, you’re gonna have to come see this for yourself. This man—he showed up naked and covered in bee stings, right in my ER. Naked!” Missouri put one hand on her hip and shook her head.
Nerdy, awkward, verbose, Castiel was not the kind of man who pulled in the hot bods.
A hand laid on his shoulder and he turned into the touch, eyes closed.  He rolled onto his side and buried his face into Sister Veronica’s robes and let her run soft fingers through his short hair as he sobbed, ugly and broken.  He was so broken.  This is what the end of the world felt like.  Someone was ripping him apart more completely than Alaster himself had done in hell.  Each thought, each moment, each touch, everything Cas had ever been to him was being ripped away from him and replaced with searing agony.
I love getting to see old friends!  Even if it's just to torture them!
“I need to see if you have any stings in this area. A reaction here could be much more severe.”
“Jesus, Castiel.” He took a final drag on his cigarette and threw it into the pit.
Dean started to shiver. When did it get cold? “Are you cold?  It shouldn’t be cold.  My leg… My leg hurts.”
“You had your
The angel was always telling him it was just a vessel, that humans couldn’t perceive his true form. Hell, Pamela lost her eyes for just a glimpse. Dean knew all this. He knew it. But when he looked over the scruffy beard and handsome profile of the man lying on the bed before him,
“She’s not my girlfriend.”
“No, I’ve never thought about fucking a guy.”
Dean didn’t dare reach forward.  His instinct was to console, to touch, and soothe away all this horrible pain.  But the burn marks scared him.  The story untold was one that lingered in the back of his mind like a boogeyman, but that he’d never had to look at, never before seen the result of.  Someone did this to Cas.  Someone hurt him, more than just a burn, enough to reduce him back to this version of himself by a mere touch.
Meg nods.
“I don’t fuck dudes.”
“Cas,” Dean turned to the man and untangled their hands before cupping his face.  “Presume away.”
“I like the tent.  This was a kind thing to do.”
“Do you always react this strongly?” Cas’ low voice soothed Dean as it caressed his skin.  He dragged his fingertips along Dean’s shoulder, coaxing him out of the darkness he’d begun to succumb to.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did I say you could do that?” Cas tilted his head and looked down at Dean, his hips resting between Dean’s legs without thrusting or rutting the way Dean desperately wanted to, but he waited.  He was waiting.  He was being good.
“Usually, yes, but I find, I enjoy the company of Sister Veronica and she wished to remain aware. It’s more like how you would experience a subconscious or inner voice. She’s there, but I am the one
“Not… I don’t know… Maybe?”
Charlie scowled at him.  “Kind of?  It’s been weeks since I told you to google him and I never asked because it’s not my business but this picture is recent, like last week, recent.”
“Come on, hot wings, you know it helps us both get through the day.” A sultry feminine voice drifted out the window.
“How about you? What’s your favorite?”  Cas asked.
“Dean, when you’ve been with other people, do you ever feel lost or sad afterward?” Cas tilted his head, still unphased and calm.
It wasn’t until God gave the order that we moved.  Hanna pulled Lot aside and sent him and his family running to the city of Zoar, but everyone knows that story.  His wife turned to salt and so he raped his daughters to continue the family line.  All done without any protest from heaven.
Castiel tries to get his shit together
Only Sister Veronica was unaffected.  Dean watched in a daze as the woman rushed to Cas’s side and pulled him into her arms, wrapping him up against her chest as she screamed over the sound of his keening.  The bulbs above flashed and burst, and Cas looked like he was struggling in her arms, but that’s not possible because there was no way a mere human could restrain an angel intent on doing something.
getting ready for the hunt and adult content
“Yes, dental floss and sewing needles, I’ve been informed, but it will hurt less and not leave a scar if you allow me to do it correctly.  Plus, don’t you know, this is one of the few things nuns are allowed to do in battle.  Let me be useful.”
do you think you’re doing?”
Dean snapped the fingers of his free hand twice.
Also, I got all your awesome comments and will respond soon, it's been a hell of a week.  I threw out my back which reignited an old injury and my kid is on day 4 of a 100degree fever.  Uggh.  Here's hoping next week calms down and I can get some shit done!
Dean and Cas each sat, speaking across the pews into the small space.
Castiel was quick, efficient, and very detailed. He moved on quickly and got Dean’s back and most of his shoulders done and then had Dean sit on the examination table. “I wish I could give you a gown or a blanket or something.”
He hadn’t even spoken to this Winchester guy.  All Michael had said was that he was a little gruff and not with the church, so don’t get too comfortable.  But a warm bed is a warm bed, and apparently, this guy had a spare car he could drive while he was here, so Castiel trudged on.  He was probably some harmless old recluse anyway.
Sam looked down at it with a soft smile.  “Thanks, but I’m good.  Just need a minute to get my sealegs.”
He stopped and dropped his hands into his lap, head hanging forward.  He felt small and suddenly completely miserable.  Castiel was upset with him.  He was sure of it.  He’d done something wrong and now Cas didn’t want him, and on top of all of it, he was being such a fucking baby about it.  Tears pricked the back of his eyes and Dean wanted to run away, go home and bury himself in beer and his memory foam mattress.
Out in the hall, Dean leaned against the wall, one leg bent so his foot pressed up against it. He squeezed his eyes shut and rocked his head back. The feeling of the wall knocking the back of his head was soothing. The impact, the solidness of it. He could count on it. If he slammed his head back, it would hurt. If he punched the wall, it would crack and his hand would likely break. If he kicked it, he’d definitely do some damage to the wall and himself.
“I’ll get my car,” Dean said, nodding at Cas, who smiled at him with just a touch of his lips.  Dean was learning all of his little ticks and expressions and was starting to think he knew how to read the guy, at least a little.  Cas led Meg out the closest door.
Castiel shivered and brought his hands up Dean’s sides before gripping his shoulders and sliding one hand into Dean’s hair.  “Good to know you enjoyed last night as much as I did,”  Castiel spoke into Dean’s neck, his lips rubbing against the skin and his tongue poking out to caress the flesh now and then.  “You were so good.  So delicious to kiss and well behaved when I asked you to open your mouth for me.”
“Okay.” Cas leaned forward and set the remotes on his tray and the tray on the couch seat next to him.  “You’re relegated to your water from dinner, no bubbly okay?”
Dean drives like a bat out of hell to get to Cas
Silence spread between them.  Dean knew that even if Cas wanted to he probably didn’t know how to talk about what had happened.
“I don’t know, from what my friend Charlie says, you’re Queer Elite.  She warned me about getting caught up in your limelight.”  Dean leaned forward and looked around them as if they were spies on a deep-cover mission.
Dean shrugged, still holding Cas’s gaze. “You’re my friend.”
Dean had the first round of dumplings started.  Since Cas had already made the filling, it was only a question of cutting and wrapping the dough and then pan-frying them.  He was working on the third round of wraps while the previous round cooked.
“I mean that in the best way possible.  Slasher movies are supposed to be bad. That’s part of their charm.”
“I didn’t want to go further because I didn’t know if I could keep myself from taking more than you were ready to give. So I stopped because I want you so much it’s dangerous—for both of us, not because I don’t want you.”
“More to the point, how the fuck did you
Sam rubbed his hands down his thighs and looked at Castiel, “Ok, well, obviously, we can’t do this now, with everyone in the building. What’s the plan.”
“--Is there a dress code?  Like, right now you’re in your at-home comfy clothes.  When you go out do you have to wear a special sash like Miss America?”
The man grinned and lifted his head to stare at Castiel.  “I knew you’d been watching me.”
“Cas, have you been eating?” Dean ran his fingers down the other man’s face, feeling the sharpness of his cheekbone and the strong jawline jutting out more than it should.
Castiel bowed her head, “Thank you, Sam.”
Sam ran a firm hand over his back, holding him tight as he broke down.
Dean recovers. Sister Veronica chats with Castiel
Dean let Sam help him up onto the infirmary examination bed and tried not to wince at the pain that shot through him as he sat.  Sam said nothing and looked away but Dean could practically feel the giant puppy-dog eyes filling with water.
liked him.”  Dean chuckled.
“Nah, we’ve pushed through the awkward phase, I don’t wanna have to do that with someone else all over again. I appreciate you bein’ so cool about this, Cas.”
“No, I don’t.  Because you know what, Lisa?  You’re a cold bitch.”
Cas’s eyes shone with Angelic light, the white bright and piercing, filling the room with shadows.
“I’m surprised to admit it, but it totally works.  I feel like we’re separate from the rest of the world in here.”
Dean saved the day and whisked Cas and Jack away for a road trip toward home.
So what do you think about Cas now that he's back?  Is he the angel or rage like he thinks?
“Did they catch you with someone?”
“You gonna do surgery on me, Castiel?” Dean snickered before groaning as another wave of pain overtook him and he had to close his eyes and breathe or risk throwing up all over Castiel.
“Look, I’m sorry about earlier.  I was out on the ledge skipping class.  It’s not like I planned on hearing you with your girlfriend.” Dean blushed slightly, looked down at his feet as he tried walking backward.
Halfway through his 2nd helping of Sister Veronica’s delicious pancakes, Dean’s vibrating leg and whirling thoughts got to be too much for him. “Where the fuck is Cas?”
They tilted their head the other way, blue eyes squinting.
Dean shook his head, trying to get the weird ass image out of his head. “Nothing, just Krushnic being weird again. Dude thinks he’s photosynthesizing or something.  What’s his deal?”
In the time they sat, Dean noticed a lot of little things he’d overlooked before.  Cas’s hair wasn’t as dark as it appeared, it was actually a dark brown with a lot of other colors blended in, black, red, blonde streaks, and even some silver.  It was because of his shocking blue eyes that his hair took on such a stark contrast.  His shoulders weren’t broad like Dean’s, but they were strong, solid.  There was very little meat on him, he was all hard muscle.  In fact, it occurred to him that Cas had lost some weight.
They quickly flashed their badges.
“Help me avoid any penalty for my perversion.”
“I do not pray to him.”
“Clean this shit up and make sure you put the books away where you found them.  I’m glad you two are taking an interest, but next time could you try and keep from crumpling the pages quite so much?”
Another stretch of silence before Castiel loosens his hold on Dean’s wrist and nods.
Dean and Cas both confront what they've done.
Cas is back!
Castiel’s voice was soft but Dean was so relieved to hear it he let out a deep sigh.
“And you are the baby?”
“What.”
“Me?” Dean sighed.
Cas’ hands tightened, impossibly, and he moved down to deliver kisses along the denim-clad erection grinding up against him, desperate for more contact.
“Lisa, go get her a cup of water,” he asked without looking.
“So nothing we haven’t dealt with before.” Dean tried to smile, but his face hurt too much, almost as much as his heart.
“Well, I’m sure you have a concussion of some sort. I don’t know how you could have gotten this knocked around and not have one.”
At Bobby’s, Sam hopped out of the car and ran inside before Dean could say anything.  He watched to make sure his little brother got into the house alright before pulling out again, going around to the second entrance of the property to the garage.
“I…” Dean clutched Cas’s hands until he worried he might hurt him.  “Cas…” he let go of the strong hands and leaned forward, pulling his friend into an awkward sitting hug but he didn’t let go, he wanted to never let go.
Dean risked a moment to look down. His leg was covered in blood and his jeans were ripped. Something warm and thick oozed down his face.
Behind Gordon, Dean saw Castiel Krushnic walk outside.  The slight, dark haired boy had on a black button-up short sleeve shirt, dark jeans, and no shoes.
“No,” Cas confirmed.
Dean turned up the radio as Foreigner came on and sang along through Lynyrd Skynyrd. This had to be the best damn radio station he’d ever heard. A fact sealed when Black Sabbath came on. Dean turned it up loud enough he didn’t have to hear Sam’s eyes roll.
“What do you mean you’ve found nothing?” Dean yelled, pushing himself to stand with barely a wince.  His eye was black and the blood vessels all burst, giving him a demonic look, and his hair was unwashed and sticking out every which way, except for the missing patch that still stung.
Castiel licked the honey with a moan.  They held it with both hands, eyes fluttering closed as they took a bite of the fresh bread with the sweet topping.
“Oh… Uh…” Dean leaned back, at a complete loss for words.  All of his functioning brain cells shifted from his ability to think to his need to feel more of Cas.  He tried to turn around, but Cas held him in place, his strong arm, infused with angelic intention immoveable.  Christ Dean loved that.  The power of Cas, something substantial and unbreakable he could rely on.  He felt like he could let himself go completely, crash against the shore of Cas with no fear that either of them would break.
“Then why didn’t you want… Ugh,” he sighed and dropped his head to his chest.  “I hate talking. I hate talking about
He looked up and Castiel was looking away, staring only at his leg and the light that was somehow coming from him.
“Umm…” Dean’s voice was lower than expected, rumbling like a distant thunderstorm. Castiel’s hair prickled, practically standing on end, and he had to repress a small swoony sigh. “Do you think…someone else could…”
“You are so fucking beautiful,” Cas groaned before licking the swath of sensitive skin.  “And you’re being so good, so very good for me.”  He lavished rough kisses onto the skin next to the bone with a deep suctioning kiss and a swipe of the tongue.
putting a finger on it.”
“It’s James.”
Before Dean had a chance to react or say anything, Cas reached between them, running soft fingers across his cock, down to his balls.  Dean pulled his legs higher, bringing his knees up and tilting his hips up for Cas.
He smiled then, bouncing slightly on his toes before finally sitting and taking another sip of milk.  His eyes glinted with power and hunger.  Predatory.
Dean turned bright red and turned away. “Why are you being nice to me?  Aren’t you supposed to think I’m a degenerate sinner?”
They spend the rest of their meal arguing about which Hatchet Man is the best (Cas thinks #1, Dean #3 - it’s underrated), barking out other favorites to test each other’s reactions, and gradually coming to sit pressed against each other.  Their plates sat forgotten as they leaned back on the overstuffed cushions of the couch and leaned in toward each other.
“I’ll be right back,” he said, noticing just how green Dean’s eyes were as he walked to the main entrance and released the bee.
“I can see that.  I didn’t mean to add to your fatigue.”
“Okay, who else do you hang out with, um, Victor?”
“Tell me, Dean, what kind of experience do you have with men?” Castiel asked in his low, smooth sex voice.
“Here,” Sam tossed them each a can of soda and slumped down in the chair across from them at the desk. “What if Castiel isn’t a monster?”
Castiel looked Dean deep in the eyes, searching the depths for danger before speaking.  “Dean, you still don’t understand.  It wasn’t one person, it was all of them, my family, my brothers, my mother, the minister, the whole congregation.  What happened to me wasn’t private.  It was a public shame.”
Castiel just nodded. “How do you know Michael?”
“What did you say?” He whispered, lying back on the bed again, fatigue beginning to narrow his vision.
“Spies,” and with that bizarre non sequitur, Castiel left the bathroom, presumably to return to class.
“Sure, of course.”
The man sighed. “So the stingers are still… in me… I remember reading as a kid that you can actually force more venom or whatever out and basically sting yourself again if you take them out wrong. So I thought I’d just let y'all be the ones to deal with that shit show.”
Sister Veronica lifted her hands from her work while he checked his texts.  Eileen.  Shit, he hadn’t told her about any of this.  He managed to type out a quick message that he would facetime her as soon as he could and that he missed her.  A second later, he got a message back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re a liar, but I don’t even care.” She took a sip of her drink and pressed her front against him.  He set his cup down and wrapped his arms around her waist, grabbing her ass with both hands and pulling her tight against his chest before chasing her lips with his.
He was intrigued.  He wasn’t sure if it was all the hunter crap his Dad and Bobby were always lecturing them about. How dangerous ghosts and ghouls were and to never try to hunt alone,  that Dean wasn’t old enough, hadn’t been trained yet.  If Bobby had his way, he’d never hunt.  He didn’t really think the tunnel was haunted, but he was just a morbid son of a bitch, and felt calm here like something called him to this place other people shied away from.
Dean barked out a laugh. “I have never heard that one before!”
“I don’t care if I’m entirely covered in fucking sewage chunks and scorpions. What the fuck is going on?”  Fear raced through Dean’s veins. This was something he wasn’t used to experiencing.  Out of control, out of the know, and entirely out of fucks.
“Fuck,” Dean moaned, throwing his head back allowing Cas to dive in and run his teeth along the muscles running down from his jaw to his shoulder.
That Friday night, the party at Adam Milligan’s was rocking.  Dean hated to admit it, but the kid had pulled it off.  The music was loud, the booze was plentiful and flowing, most of the junior and senior classes were there, and there was an influx of people he didn’t even know, meaning other schools or even the local colleges were filtering in.
“I laid out scrubs for him, but he walked here. He doesn’t have shoes or a phone or any way to get home.” He frowned.
Dean squeaked, “I’m sorry. Oh my god. Are you sure someone else can’t do this?”
Oh these sweet boys.  Sometimes, I have to go back and read the first half of this story so I can remember what it's like to have them be happy.  Sigh.  They're breaking my heart!
“This reminds me of the ancient days when Angels still walked alongside people and out deeds were known to all.”
“Okay?” Cas asked into Dean’s skin before kissing and rubbing his nose along whatever parts of Dean he could reach.
Dean shifted in his seat, tapped his fingers to the music, and gripped the steering wheel tighter.  He needed to get out of his head.
“I fucking expect, Cas,”  Dean said, grabbing the back of Castiel’s neck and pulling him in for a punishing kiss before letting him go, panting.  His hands made short order of the rest of the buttons on Cas’ dress shirt.  “I’m no gentleman, Cas, but if you ask me to stop, I will.  But don’t for a fucking second think that I haven’t thought about this every day since you left with Uriel.  I’m tired of fucking
Dean smirks.
“That would be nice, Dean.  But believe me, I’m not an angel.”
This time Castiel couldn’t help laughing and sat down on his rolly chair to look at the man. Big mistake, because now he was face to face with the large hands not quite covering his personal assets. “And why in God’s name did you do that?”
“And that means I can’t have champagne?”
He waited a minute and there was no answer.  Fuck.
“I tried.  He’s not answering. He left me.  He would never leave me.  I can’t. I need Castiel.  You don’t understand.” She was getting frantic, gripping Dean’s shoulders and digging her nails into his shirt so hard he’d probably have half-circles marked on his skin, but he didn’t really care.  He didn’t like seeing her like this and he knew she wasn’t going to be happy that so many people had been around when she lost control.
“It served the purpose it was intended to.” Sister Veronica stood and embraced Cas, pulling him tight against her and the tension seeped out of him.  Dean watched as his eyes softened and his muscles relaxed in her arms.  Part of him was just thankful to see his angel alive and safe.  Another part was screaming to rip her off of him and take him into his arms, into his bed, and stake his claim.
“Castiel, you should go, retrieve the container Sam made.  Perhaps that will increase the effectiveness of the safe so you can return to yourself.”
Dean heard a rustling around him and clenched his jaw, only to let out a gasp at the pain radiating through his brain.
.  His best friend Baz’s voice sang in his head.
He opened his suitcase and dressed quickly in the little casual clothing he had, a pair of jeans and a longsleeved Christian Rock band t-shirt tucked in.  He slipped on a pair of sandals and looked around his room one last time.  His room. This could be good.
But Sodom and Gomorrah had offended God’s laws and abused his angels, and so I led my garrison.  I stood at the front and gave the battle cry as my sword took down the first dozen humans in one blow.  The carnage of not one but two cities was thick and bloody.  The land these cities stood on would take generations to recover.  We decimated property, salted crops, set fire to virgins, we enacted God’s light with the fury of pure submission.
“What?  I mean, we can just cut the arm off.”
“But others in town had heard about the beautiful stranges, so they came, determined to
“No, it’s all good. I’m used to it from nights on the job.  You’d be surprised how many people undress me with their eyes before I even have a chance to talk to them.  Sometimes practically throwing dollar bills my way.”  The man chuckled and laid back down with a sigh.
“Now you’re a personal trainer?” the stranger asked with a smirk.
Up ahead, with his legs dangling over the edge of the precipice, was fucking Castiel Krushnic, once again sans shoes.  What the fuck?  Was his life some kind of goddamn joke?
“Nope. Can’t do that.” Dean shook his head, staring at the ceiling.
“Oh, um, yeah… yeah, I guess.”
“You can trust me.  You came to find me because Cas and I are friends, right?”
Castiel pulled back and unbuttoned Dean’s jeans.
Previously on Prayer in G:
“Um… it’s actually not my place.”  His face pinks.
“Nothing.  It was nothing.  Sometimes who a person is, is so ingrained in their being it doesn’t require any action at all to be true.  I simply was, and the person I was, the person I am, is an abomination.”
“Yeah, but there’ll be beer,” Ruby smirked, snaking her arm around Gordon and snuggling into his side. “He’s got some stepbrother or something who helps him out and provides quality libations for his parties. Probably knows that’s the only way anyone will talk to the kid.”
Before he could say another word, Dean grabbed Castiel’s hand holding his phone, used Castiel’s thumb to unlock it, his hands running across Cas’s confidently.  He sent a text to an unknown number.  “Ok, I have your number now.  I’ll text you my address if you don’t mind driving.  My brother needs the car tonight, so… if that’s okay.”
She nodded but didn’t say anything, just waited, a scrutinizing gaze meeting his eyes.
“Yeah, well, I didn’t mean… like
“Bobby didn’t care.  You’ll meet him one of the days. He and Jody like to have us out for dinner every month or so, next time you should come.  He’d get a big kick out of you.”
“Huh,” Sam exhaled with a chuckle. “You know, you’re actually a lot like Cas.” He took off his shirt with a hiss as he tried to raise his arm again.
“Cas?” Dean tried, but even though the other man opened his eyes he could no longer see him.
“Do what?”
https://www.juliahouston.com/fic-facers/fic-facers-2018archive/valandrawrites-bid-form/
Dean massaged Cas’ back, stroked his arms, and scratched his scalp as they laid together.  Anything that kept them in as much contact as possible.  When Cas slid out of him and repositioned his hips, Dean let out a dissatisfied grunt.
“I… It feels ridiculous to say… But I haven’t done this since….”
Now and then, she’d glimpse another one, but she never approached. She never spoke to the beautiful angels. They passed in and out of her life, fleeting moments of divine presence. But they never knew who she was. Until Castiel: The Shield of God.
When they finished eating, Cas gathered the dishes while Dean put the remaining food in Tupperware and threw out the packaging so the whole apartment didn’t smell like Thai food.  Claire danced around their feet like the oversized puppy she was, getting scolded by Cas whenever she veered too close to actually begging, and then starting back up.
“Castiel?” Dean whimpered, searching for those blue eyes. “How are we gonna get me out of here.  I’m so tired.  I don’t think I can walk and there’s no way you can carry me and, shit, I don’t want to be on the tunnel’s death toll.”
“How hot you look tonight.”
Dean pulled his knees up, wrapping himself around Sister Veronica as she silently stood vigil over his internal incineration.  He wept so hard his throat hurt.  He clutched to her so desperately, his hands cramped.  He broke so thoroughly his soul might as well have evaporated on this exhale.  He didn’t need it anymore.
Dean tried to sit up, but the pain inside him was so shocking it took his breath away.
Fudge.
Dean waltzed into the infirmary, smelling clean and minty. He greets them with a broad smile and sings, “There ain’t no mud on me,” to the tune of that Jerry Garcia song about bugs.
“I’ll consider it—just for you, though.”
Castiel blanched, no one had mentioned a child living here. “You have a baby?”
Previously on Prayer in G:
“I…” the man flushed, his face going red from the tips of his ears, spreading down his neck, and across his chest.  “I’m a bartender, dude. Sometimes I work the door.  Really not a sex worker.”  He frowned and went to stand up, but Castiel grasped his forearm.
Dean looked up with a genuine smile this time.  “Didn’t I just tell you I hate talking?”
Castiel answered, dressed in what should have been all black with a black and charcoal patterned waistcoat, but instead, he was covered in flour, holding a menacing metal tool.
“Why?” Dean hopped up on Bobby’s desk and dangled his legs, staring at Cas.  He’s relaxed now, standing still in the middle of the room, right over the demon trap painted on the wood under the rug but not bothered by it in the least.
“Yeah, uh, we went out and it was nice and then we didn’t talk again right away.  I saw him last night though.”  Dean felt his face flush with heat as he remembered the morning pressed against Castiel’s chest, feeling so safe and taken care of.
“Okay, let’s try this another way.  I’ll stay.  I’ll stay until you tell me to go, but you tell me why you aren’t eating.”
“You’re smarter than you give yourself credit for.”
The sound of the man squawking and falling off the treadmill pulled Castiel out of his thoughts.
“Just—ah,” Castiel tried, flailed his hands around a little, and gave up.  “Well, yeah.  However, you can’t look like that and expect no one to look.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel felt the red flush spread across his chest and up his face, blooming like poppies on his cheeks.  The blush would only make his scars stand out, but Dean didn’t seem to notice. He just held Castiel’s eyes for a beat longer than necessary before looking away and busying himself pulling ingredients out of the fridge.
Dean wanted to look.  He wanted to see who was fucking around in the bathroom in the middle of fifth period.  And if he didn’t admit out loud that he wanted to see who that voice belonged to, then it hadn’t really happened. Dean felt his brain come into sharp focus as he strained to hear more.
“I’m struggling a little here, how did you know Meg was the woman on the website?”
After school was a mad dash, he had to get all his shit, get to his car, pick up Sammy from middle school, and get back home before his shift at the garage started.  He didn’t do much yet, but Bobby let him take on more work as he could handle it, and three shifts a week wasn’t so bad to earn some spending money and take care of himself and Sam as much as he could.  Fuck knows his dad didn’t send any cash to Bobby for watching them.
Cas just nodded and smirked at the back of Dean’s head.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was a Tuesday, but Castiel didn’t have classes on Wednesday, so he could be out as late as he wanted.  Doing whatever he wanted.  “Yes, Dean.  That would be nice.”
“No, it’s okay,—really, I’m not some sort of judgey SWERF,” Castiel reassured him, but the man’s face scrunched up in confusion.  “Sex Worker Exclusionary Radical Feminist.  I have no problem with sex workers.”
“Put away your indignant protests, I’m teasing you,”  Dean kicked him gently under the table.
“Alright, out with it, sister. What’s going on?” Dean demanded, crossing his arms across his chest.
Dean clenched his eyes shut and shook his head.
“Yeah, looks like he got you good,” Dean ran a hand lovingly over the dog’s head.  “He’s an Irish Wolf Hound, great for hunting and good company out here all alone, but he has no idea how big he is, and it would just break my heart to tell ‘im.”
“It was your family?” Dean whispered.
on her?” Sam asked incredulously.
“Did you clean behind your ears?” Sister Veronica asked, making Dean stop short and then bark out a laugh.
But the sound had increased and Dean rolled onto his side and covered his ears.  Human voices were screaming and that high-pitched angelic voice wailed around him, shattering his television and any other glass surfaces in his room.
“Yeah, sure.  I know a good place to look at the stars, it’s a bit of a drive, but it’s worth it.”
“Thanks, man.”
Also, Baz has my absolute favorite lines in this chapter, what do you think of Cassie's best friend?
“Good to know,” Castiel said, working his way down Dean's thighs. His bowed legs made it easy to see and remove the few stingers there, but the smell of him, the dark musky scent of sawdust mixed with the freshness of the lake water, did things to Cas. Things he shouldn’t feel at work.
“She’s calling you an angel,” Dean said into the darkness.
After finishing his third beer, Castiel found himself in the hall staring into the verdant eyes of the strange man who had taken in a stray, his breath caught in his chest.  He dropped his eyes to Dean’s soft lips.  How can a man who was crafted out of such hard and unbreakable material have lips that looked so sweet?  He wanted to run his thumb over them, press his fingers into that mouth just to see Dean suck on them.
“It’s fine.  I’m just glad Meg is okay.”
Dean stood and let Sam help him put on his robe, his Dean Man’s robe.  He chuckled.  The dark humor in that painful.  He felt like he’d died, or like something he loved had died.
“Aren’t you off now?” Meg asked, sliding up to Castiel’s side and the record station across from Dean’s room.
Dean stared at the ceiling, allowing his silent tears to fall down the sides of his face.
CW: There is a discussion in this chapter of a gay exorcism.  If you haven't heard of this before DO NOT google it.  It's as awful as it sounds and is a real thing.  I've done the research so you don't have to.  What happened to Cas is not discussed in great detail or with a lot of emotion, nor is it the most extreme case I've read about, but I wanted you to know it was in here.
Previously on Prayer in G:
Dean imagined what it could be.  A kiss?  Someone bringing that voice’s hand to her breast and letting him feel the soft curve.  He turned and peeked only to see Castiel Krushnic leaning back against the sinks, his wide mouth slightly open.  Meg Masters had one hand down his pants, the other pushing up under his tight-fitting black shirt.
picture plastered all over Gay Gossip Weekly or whatever, he might not be the guy for you.”
“Isn’t it?  Isn’t it always time for you to show respect for a person you love? Castiel certainly was not a he when they were with me.  And you certainly knew it.” She gave Dean a stare that could wither a lesser man’s soul.  He finally was starting to understand all the jokes about nuns scaring kids for life in catholic school.
“This isn’t your problem.  I… I should just go to my room.”
“Yeah, yeah—I get it.”
“But now,” Cas kissed down Dean’s asscheek and blew hot breath against Dean’s hole, making it flutter with need.  “To have been without you and have you back—Dean, you are such a gift.  I love you so.”
The first time Veronica saw an angel, she was 15. A boy she liked wanted to go to a party, but she had a bad feeling about it and after a decade of watching demons burn through people she knew or push them over the edge into true evil, she had learned to listen to her instincts. The night was fueled by alcohol and there was a car accident. And that boy? He died.
Fear filled her brown eyes as she shook her head. “There’s… he’s here.  He’s here and I can’t—I need to find Castiel.” Her breathing sped up as she punched out the words, only kind of making sense.
“Why can’t I just kill him now?” Cas growled, eyes flicking back up to Crowley.
Dean whimpered and squeezed his eyes shut, desire and passion flashing across him like a tsunami.
“Hmmm,” Castiel replied as he sliced the other pant leg. “This one is banged up and will bruise badly, but I think you’re okay.  How are your hips,”  Castiel leaned forward and placed a hand on each of Dean’s hips, bringing his face uncomfortably close to Dean’s crotch.  Fuck, even a broken leg couldn’t steal how good Cas looked right now, looking up at him from between his legs.  Damn it all. If he hadn’t lost so much blood, he’d be getting an erection.
Cas released his suction and worked his way down the length of Dean’s cock. Finally, he opened his jaw, extended his tongue, and opened his throat.  The broad tip of Dean’s erection dipped into Cas’ throat and he swallowed before pulling back up, drawing his tongue along the sensitive underside.  At the very tip, just before he freed his hold, Cas bit down hard.
It is not to be interpreted, it is
This time Dean was definitely watching his lips.
Castiel shrugged again and pinned Dean with his eyes, locking him in place and refusing to let Dean look away. “That’s inconsequential.”
Dean’s whole body shuddered at the sheer intensity of it.  He moaned and his eyes rolled back in his head.
Dean clapped him on the shoulder and stood.  “You should take the couch.  You’ve been through a lot.  You have a couple of years to catch up on.” He began cleaning all the take-out and then stopping when Cas snapped his fingers, and it all disappeared.
Either this guy gets off on bee stings, or…he liked Castiel touching him.
“After dinner, huh? So, you eat now?” Dean asked.
“Her number.” Sam corrected.
Dean goes to church with Castiel
He pushed her over to the couch and sat her down, keeping his hands on her the whole time, trying to keep her tethered to the moment. He crouched in front of her, maintaining eye contact and breathing with her.
“What about another angel?” Dean perked up, “Who do we know?”
Our desire to please went so deep we didn’t stop at only the two cities. We continued to Admah and then to Zeboim.  Our hair and clothes were so streaked with blood we shed anything we didn’t need and slaughtered humanity, naked and glorious.”
Previously on Prayer in G:
“Can you just cut to the chase here, Cas?” Dean growled, staring Cas in the eyes. His voice low and tired. The woman standing in front of them was otherworldly, not just because of the fire and wings and usual Cas specific magnetism. Her long brown hair hung in waves well past her shoulders and even with the formless brownish-red dress, her curves managed to shine through in all the right ways. All the ways Dean would make sure to run his hands over under any other situation. He shook his head. Why was he even thinking like that? Sure it’s been a while, but oogling a nun?
Eileen is pregnant!
“Yes, those side stitches can be extremely painful.  You need to stretch.  For running, yes, but weight lifting too.  Before and after.”  Castiel lectured without meaning to, just hating to see the man in pain.
“Oh… Wait, are you not single?  Is this some kind of poly situation?  I mean, that’s cool, but not really my thing if that’s where you’re at.”
“Precisely.”
“That little fucker…” Dean went to swat it, but Castiel caught it easily in his hands.
“Shut up,” Sam mumbled before dropping his eyes back down to his phone, his thumbs clicking away furiously.
They stood there for one more moment, Castiel wishing he were anyone else, anywhere else, just to avoid the torment he knew would come when he turned away and went to bed alone.
“Hatchet Man?” Cas exclaimed and Dean practically bounced in his seat with excitement.  “Those are so bad!”
“Shhh…” He whispered when Dean clenched, nuzzling his stubble against Dean’s bearded cheek.
So what do you think of Kelly?
“Milligan?  He’s such a loser.” Victor snorted.
The tears came faster and he had to hold the cloth to his nose to keep from blowing bloody snot bubbles as the enormity of his pain crashed against him.  He gasped as his stomach clenched like a steel-tipped boot had kicked him in the gut, but no, it was just him, his heart seizing in pain so absolute it wrenched through his entire body.
“We shall see,” she smiled gently before placing her lips on his forehead. “I want you to sleep now, but you must make me one promise.”
“At least I don’t look like an apple fritter.” Cas groused and then looked into the kitchen warily.  “So where do you work that you have to go to the gym so early.  I thought you were a bartender.”
“I can find it.”
“Cas,” Sam broke in, sitting on the end of the closest pew. “You called us. How can we help?”
Dean swiped his hands down Cas’ back and up his sides, feeling the strength within his lithe body.  After a few moments, Cas reached between them and grabbed his cock, lining it up with Dean’s entrance.
Nothing on the compound is what he'd expected but Dean is determined to get Cas out.
Dean took a sharp inhale and closed his eyes, leaning into the touch.
Cas collapsed on top of Dean, panting and boneless.  His cock still firmly lodged deep within Dean.  It twitched and pulsed with aftershocks, and Dean loved the soft intimacy of it almost as much as he’d enjoyed the explosive sex.  Cas’ hot come coated his insides and slid out as Cas softened.
“Like, some of us get all into queer news and advocacy and supporting queer businesses.  My mother used to call us radicals, but I think that’s a bit of an exaggeration.  But some people like to just live their lives and love who they love and not take a more public interest, and that’s totally cool.  I just don’t know which you are.”  She vibrated with her hand in her phone standing next to him.
“No! I’m not Catholic.” Castiel laughed at the sheer look of horror on Dean’s face. “Seminary can be for all different kinds of Christians, depends on where you go and the classes you take.  I’m from a non-denominational church.”
“I’m sorry, I don’t mean to pry.  I’ve just never met a Sibyl before.  I’d never even heard of them.  I’m sure there’s something in our books, though, if you’d be curious to find out more.”
Dean covered the effect Castiel had on him by taking a drag on his cigarette.
Dean nodded.
Dean turned off the engine and turned to look at Cas.  “You coming in?” he asked, throwing his arm over the back of the seats.
“Dean,” Sam turned on him, full bitch face in place. “What’s your problem?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh…” Cas said with one glass of champagne in his hand.  “What happened while I was in the kitchen?”
She led the two through the sanctuary and then to a small hidden door behind the altar. Dean looked at Sam quickly and motioned for him to go ahead with his eyebrows raised. He sure as shit wasn’t going in first. He hated hidden passages and small dark spaces. Was this normal in churches? It felt like something out of that European Travel documentary Sam had made them watch, so Sam could fucking take point.
“Enough, I mean it, Sammy, let’s just get in there.”
“I don’t know but I’ll handle it.  Let’s get you home.”
“No, I’m okay. We need to save those for when we need them.”
Dean’s entire body wanted to take Cas into his arms, to kiss him and hold him and tell him how amazing he is, but he knew to do that could likely start this whole breakdown over, and he never wanted to see Cas like that again.
Cas sniffed.
Cas frowned and pulled his hips away from Dean’s touch.  “I know that’s not true.  Don’t patronize me. That just makes me feel even more foolish.”  Cas jerked his hands away, leaving Dean’s skin cold.
“Because of me?”
Cas smiles, the predatory hint back and bordering on sexy if it wasn’t for the flour on his nose.  “No, Dean.  I don’t share well.”  He stares for a moment, locking eyes with Dean’s and holding them not in challenge but in a kind of incendiary buildup.  “This is my best friend’s place.  Baz, or Balthazar.”
Dean lifted his hips—begging, whining. His free hand gripped the quilt beneath him as his wild eyes stared down at Cas’ pink, kiss heated lips.  “
“Charlie, I know!”
Dean smoked, Rowena’s eyes flared purple, Cas sat, and Sam screamed.
“Ah, thank you?”
Cas pulled away and looked down at him with a soft smile.  “Dessert?”
“I’ve never had occasion.”
“Cas—fuck,
Dean was helpless beneath him, sweat gathering between their bodies, giving them slick wetness to grind against.  When Cas plunged a third finger into him, Dean arched up off the bed, eyes still tied to Cas’s, a scream caught in his throat like he was being strangled by his own need.
When his shift was over and he checked his phone, Bobby had sent a note that he was ordering pizza for dinner, which was awesome.  Dean liked to cook, but it was a chore just like anything else and he ended up cooking for the three of them most nights.  Instead of heading home right away, he decided to take a drive.  It was finally staying light out longer and he’d been stuck either in a classroom or under a car all day.  He needed to stretch his wings a little.
“Do I though? Maybe if he had told us about any of this in the first place, I’d be a little more sympathetic to his identity issues.” Dean seethed, his hands gripping the wheel.
“I’ve been here a few years and still feel that.” Dean smiled warmly and made his way toward the front door.
“No, it’s fine,” Dean smiled. “You okay over there, Meg.”
Dean proposes
So he did the only thing he could think of.  He stood slowly, moving quietly and purposefully, the way you would around a frightened animal in the woods.  He hated to leave Cas’s sight so he darted into his room quickly and returned with a King Size sheet.  WIth Cas lying practically under the table, it was easy to drape it over top and pull out the chairs to create a proper sheet tent.
“Castiel, huh?”
“Fuck.” Dean grabbed Benny and practically shoved Meg into his arms saying, “watch her,” before he ran over and grabbed Cas’s arm.  “Come on man, not here.”
“Always a little brother.” Dean sighed and stood up.  “Call me if anything feels weird or you wanna talk.  Anything.  And wake Rowena up if you need her, okay?”
Castiel kept looking and noticed Dean’s hands
Dean scoffed and rolled his eyes.  Sam could be so fucking stupid sometimes.  “That’s ridiculous.  I haven’t just been de-possessed or whatever.  Demon detox?  I don’t know, but you need to sleep because pretty soon we’re going to need to get back to it and fight.”
Dean clawed at Cas’s shoulders, pulling himself up to kiss and lick and plead the angel to take him, love him.
“It’s not safe.  Bad things happen when I’m around.”
Like, slip a second finger inside him.
A blush crept up Dean’s neck as he schooled his face. “Let’s get out of here.”
“Cas, please look at me.” Dean pleaded.
“No,”
“Nothing dangerous, I promise, I’ve just… You aren’t the only one who has been avoiding them.”
“I know.  I’m here.”  The low voice vibrated through Dean’s body, reassuring him and spiking his passion all at once.
“You kind of have,” Cas said, his arm around the waist of a tired but pleased Rowena.
“I live in a convent.  You’ve never seen drunk until you see a bunch of old nuns after a successful bake sale. And you don’t have to call me Sister Veronica.  Just Sister is fine.” She walked out in front of them and then stopped and turned back. “Where’s the kitchen?” She asked with such surprise the brothers couldn’t help but laugh.
“Sammy, this is good,” Dean smiled. “Maybe you’re just something we haven’t thought of yet.  I say we keep with the plan, go through the books and see what rings a bell.”
“Well, it’s all we’ve got.” Sam nodded, looking hard at Sister Veronica.  “If you think you can buy us some time to get Dean in and out of the library without Cas making too much of a fuss, I say we do it.  All this started with that fucking artifact, so let’s find out whatever we can about it.
Dean crouched down in the garage, leaning his back against Baby. The driver’s side door offered him comfort and stability while his mind raced. What he really needed was a drink. He should have stored some in here. Put that on the to-do list. But even a long draw of Jack wasn’t worth having to talk to Sam right now. Sometimes a man just needed to be left alone with his thoughts. Even if his thoughts were racing too fast to make any sense of. Even if some part of his thoughts were about how he felt betrayed. Why would he feel betrayed? It was just a damn vessel. Not like he didn’t know Castiel had been a woman before.
“Fuck me!” Dean called out, begging for his torture to never end.
Cas let out a small squeak.  “How?  I was never good to you the way I should have been.  The way I wanted to be.”  His hands gripped Dean tighter.
“Can you do that, Dean?” Sister Veronica was asking him, making intense, direct eye contact while holding a near-catatonic Castiel.
“I thought you would sit in the back,” Dean smiled.
“Yeah,” Dean said, gathering the burgers onto a plate. “He’s been out here with me since I moved here, good company.”
Castiel laughed, “Oh Veronica, don’t you understand?  I am Castiel, purified, returned to myself without your human stain.  I can no more be removed than cotton can be removed from your shirt.  It is part and parcel of the same thing.  Someday, I’ll find my way free from your trap, and I’ll show you.”
“Hey, you have nothing to apologize for, Cas.  I ain’t mad at you.”
“Your nose is broken, but I can reset that when you’re ready, you have serious lacerations on your cheeks and some… some hair was pulled out on the left side of your head, the area is bleeding, it’s hard to know if it will grow back in or not.  And I’m pretty sure your orbital bone is fractured based on the way your right side is swelling and the uhh… blood vessels blown in your eye.  Your jaw is probably going to hurt like a son of a bitch for a while and I wouldn’t be surprised if you lose a tooth or two.”
What happened to this story being all fluffy porn?!?
“Girlfriend?” Sister Veronica asked kindly.
Dean sucked in a breath as Castiel’s gaze bore into him.
Cas raised an eyebrow.  “At some point, we’ll have to have a conversation about how far you want to take this.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey baby, what you thinkin’ bout so hard?” Lisa asked, leaning into him.
Two of Cas’ fingers ghosted up Dean’s body before slipping into his mouth, pressing down on his tongue and petting him lazily.
Cas worked Dean open for what felt like eons, holding his gaze, trapping his heart.
Castiel met Charlie and Dean came out
“Of course. I’m the one who called you here.”
Cas rested shaky hands on Dean’s hips and closed his eyes.  “Probably.  There’s been so much.”
Cas gets good news about his internship, but it's bittersweet
Dean and Cas make headway
work instead of his usual schedule of afternoon and evening runs.  That very first day, he’d seen the bulging biceps and tattooed skin of his mystery man.
“How about you?” Cas asked before shoving fried noodles into his mouth.
“Sister Veronica?” Sam says voice hushed like he’s not sure.
He stood on his hands in front of Dean, their eyes almost meeting, but instead, Dean looked him over and reached out a tender hand.  His fingers touched the scarred flesh of Castiel’s stomach, his shirt had been untucked and fell down, revealing the burn marks that started over his right shoulder and trailed down over his hip and below the waistline of his pants.
Cas entered Dean with a soft kiss, pushing slowly but insistently until he was fully sheathed inside the man he loved.  Once there, his eyes flickered and he dropped his head to Dean’s neck, just breathing.  The angel’s body shook and Dean placed kisses along his shoulder, stroking his back.
“I think I do, but we can talk about it later unless you need to talk more now.”
Did I make you stew in your juices long enough?  Are you properly excited for part II of their date?
In the distance, he could hear someone pounding on his door and voices.
“That’s it, I’m outlawing sci-fi in the house from now on.  No more Alien movies for you.  No more True Mysteries either.” Dean laughed.
“What?”
Dean continued to stumble around on the edge of the dropoff down to the old train tracks when his foot slips on a loose rock and despite windmilling his hands and trying to pitch himself back toward solid ground, he goes careening down the side, his leg landing with all his weight against one of the tracks. The rest of his body tumbles uselessly to the ground.
“Ha!  Here less than a day and you’re whipped already. Alright,” Dean rubbed his hands together, “I don’t know about you two, but it’s the middle of the damn night, might actually be the morning now, and there’s no way I’m sleeping until Cas gets his feathery ass back and tells us what’s going on.  So who wants food?”
“No one how is going to be willing to help Cas.  He’s not exactly popular up there.” Sam countered.
Dean and Cas discuss the future.
“Mmhmm,” Dean said around the oversized bite of curried chicken he’d taken.  He would have laughed if his mouth wasn’t full, but he winked instead and Cas shook his head.
Dean dropped the hand on the couch down to Cas’s shoulder.  He squeezed as Cas went on to perform the most thorough blowjob he’d ever received.  The man licked and sucked and kissed and swallowed.  He pulled his free hand away from Dean’s hip and used it to roll and tug on Dean’s balls and to press against the delicate skin just behind them.
“Fuck that. What’s going on, Dean? You’re friends with Krushnic and his druggy girlfriend, now?”
Cas shoots one delicious eyebrow up and his blue eyes seem to twinkle.
“My apologies.” Cas’s liquid voice came out low and soft.
“Hmmm,” Cas stepped forward and took Dean’s other hand loosely.  “Sit?  Just for a little while.”
“Do we have a poll going?” Meg asked. “Clarence always manages to weasel his way out of doing the grunt work. I hope it’s something like gangrene or maggots.” She laughed full of mischievous glee.
Castiel raised one eyebrow at him again and quirked half of what one might consider calling a smile.  If you were generous.
“Hey, angel cakes,” Dean began, striding over to them as if it didn’t bother him in the least. “You okay?  That was quite a light show.  Haven’t seen that in a while.”
“What is it?” Sam demanded. “What are we dealing with here?  What is it doing to you?”
“Not now,” Cas said before pressing a kiss to Dean’s lips.  “I imagine we’ll have a number of them, and I want you to think things through.”  He kissed him again and pressed his hips forward, rubbing himself along Dean’s cock.
Dean flipped on the small bedside lamp and looked down at the unmoving vessel. Jimmy Novak would have looked like this if he’d died a normal death, laid out in a coffin, open-casket wake, wife and daughter keening and throwing themselves on him. He smirked, imagining Claire ever doing something like that. Missing Daddy or not, that girl was always going to be a badass. He liked Claire. She was kind of like one of his own, but not. Just like she was kind of Cas’s, but not.
“Uhh, kind of?”
Dean arched up off the couch with a cry, his head slamming back onto the armrest.  His hands fumbled and searched for anything to hold onto, one wrapping around the back of the couch, the other finding Cas’ hand on his hip, gripping it hard enough to feel the bones.
As Sam laughed, the sound shifted, becoming hysterical with grief and guilt.  His shoulders shook and curled forward, protecting himself from the pain that came from within him as much as he could.  Tears began to stream down his face, and Dean pulled him back to his chest, holding him tight.  “I know, Sammy.  I know.”
Dean leaned forward, rocking on his hands and needs in supplication to the angel he loved.  He took Cas’s cock deeper and deeper, relaxing his throat and taking as much of the thick erection as he could.
So why waste the summer?
Dean opened his eyes and returned Cas’s glowing stare, transfixed by the alienness of the creature he loved with his whole being.  If only he could say it.  But every time he felt the words on the tip of his tongue Cas did something to derail his thoughts.
He tried not to stare as the man fiddled with the controls and, for the first time since Castiel had been coming here, hopped on the treadmill and started to run.  He had a natural gait and long, lean legs.  His calves were striated with muscle showing off how little fat there had to be on his body.  Castiel realized he’d almost completely stopped running and was practically hanging over the railing of his machine as the man set a fast and hard pace.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean looked up at him, catching soft eyes and holding their gaze with his own in a way that made him feel seen for the first time in years.
He didn’t notice the look on Michael’s face until the room had emptied out.
“But now, you can see me other times, so you let me worry and squirm all day?  Kind of selfish of you, huh, Cas?” Dean fists his hands in Castiel’s trim-cut waistcoat and pulls the lean man against his own larger bulkier frame.
“It’s okay,” Cas smiled down at him as if his worries were minor.
Dean coughed and snorted beer out of his nose. “Oh, fuck!  I was
Thank you for all the wonderful comments on the last chapter!  I LOVE hearing your feedback.  It inspired me to work extra hard to bring you this chapter early.
“Well, I mean, who’s to say you even care, I know you said you met Castiel Novak, but him being the headline of like every Gay Boston Tumblr and Blog this morning isn’t something you’d be interested in is it?”
Ruby threw a nugget at him, but Dean caught it in his mouth and munched on it smugly.
“So you don’t care who I fuck and you don’t love me.  Message received, Dean.”
Cas just shrugged and shoved the metal cooking contraption in to Dean’s hand.  “Okay, show me how this thing works.” Dean smiles broadly, toeing off his shoes, shrugging off his flannel, and getting ready to work.  He’s in just a pair of jeans, boots, and a short-sleeve shirt that Sam tells him looks like he raided a twelve-year-old’s closet, but from the heat that rises in Cas’s previously defeated eyes, Dean can tell it’s working for him.  He preens slightly under the attention as he walks further into the apartment.
Cas laughed, “Of the boys, Hanna is the youngest.  So I was the baby, the disappointment, the disgrace, the betrayer.”
“You may have hurt your rotator cuff.  Does it feel dislocated?  I assume you’ve dealt with that before.”
“All right, guess I should stretch,” Dean winked at him and stood.
They walked together toward the small bed, hands roaming and gripping as they went.  There wasn’t enough time for everything Dean needed to touch, and yet time stood still as they tumbled together onto the mattress.
“Cas?” Sam encouraged.
“I don’t have condoms or lube or anything,” Dean said finally, reality sinking in and pulling his disappointment down.  Sexually, he’d be fine to have sex with Cas in any of the other myriad ways he knows of, but his heart wants this, wants the connection.
“There’s a great place a few blocks from our apartment, so we can just walk there.  Or I guess we could meet there.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck like he was embarrassed.
“Dean, I’m an angel.” He smiled with a tilt of his head, his blue eyes glinting in the low light.  “You’re clean, I can tell, and it wouldn’t matter anyway. I can’t get sick.  And for lube… trust me, I’ll make sure you don’t hurt.”  He kissed Dean again, slowly with no pressure or build, just reassurance and request for trust.  Dean reached out with his tongue, pulling Cas deeper, his body relaxing and giving over to Cas.
“Why don’t you start at the beginning,” Sam suggested, “and we’ll both shut up and listen. Right, Dean?” He shot his brother daggers.
“So she could see all those monsters, but could she see angels too?” Sam asked.
Castiel nodded and gathered another sniff.
Sam laughed and nodded. “It’s still weird to hear that from a nun.”
Sister Veronica let him cry, barely moving.  Her soft breath whispered Latin he didn’t recognize, but which soothed him with the blanket of comfort she offered.  When he’d released what was certainly only the first wave of his anguish, he listened closer.
“Ok, Sister, are you gonna drink it or fuck it?”
Guys like that were rarely into guys like Castiel.  If they were gay at all, which was never a given, the beefed-up gym rat types were all about pomp and circumstance.  He’d known enough players in the club scene when he was younger that he knew he not only wasn’t interested, he didn’t have a chance.
Dean closed his eyes, knowing that protesting would only incur more injury and that looking at the angel could fry him from the inside out.  He was powerless, pinned to the bed.  Tears streamed down his face as Cas thrust into him at a frantic pace, ripping at the tender flesh inside Dean.
“Your
Dean couldn’t stop the moan that escaped or the way his stomach clenched at the display of power.  God, he fucking loved it when Cas’s power was on display. He always had.  Every time he smote a demon or appeared without warning, just a fluttering of feathers and a warm breeze, he was overwhelmed.  At first, it had been fear, but now admiration, desire, adoration, lust… it all wrapped up together to overwhelm Dean and make his cock ache.
“Yeah, I’m on pins and needles.”
“What’s that?” Cas looked nervous.
“Yes.”  Cas swallowed.
Cas ran his hand up Dean’s chest, wrapping his long, strong fingers around the hunter’s neck. “I could heal these bruises for you,” Cas wound his other arm under Dean’s waist, palming his cock.  Dean jerked against the touch with a mewling whine. “But I won’t unless you ask me to.  I like seeing my mark on you, even if it’s a temporary one.”  His hand moved along Dean’s color bone until he was gripping the handprint mark.
Dean clutched at Castiel’s sides, unable to hold back, wrapping his large hands around Cas’s middle.  Cas was stronger than his narrow figure would lead you to believe—all hard muscle and unforgiving bone.  Dean moaned as his hands rode up and down Cas’ flanks, wishing there was less clothing between them.  When he reached down to slip a hand under the hem of Castiel’s shirt, he barely got the tips of his fingers against that enticing skin before Cas lifted up from the spot he was suckling on Dean’s collarbone and pinned him to the couch with a look.
“Yes, Dean.  You can read people, you can manage groups of people with all kinds of personalities.  You understand things without being told.”
“God is of no interest to me, and from what Castiel has shown me, He is of very little use in general.”
Castiel set his mouth into a tight line and stared back at Dean for longer than should be comfortable, but it made him feel like at least he won’t die alone, and he’s so tired.  Spots started to float through his vision. Maybe if he just rested a little, he’d feel better later.  He could just deal with this later when he could think clearer and that would be okay.  Yeah, that’s a good idea.
Dean can't do a handstand and Cas whispers secrets in a sheet tent
With some support, he felt better, but now they had to get around Crowley.  “Come on, Meg.” Dean shuffled behind the new kid, using him like a shield, and tried to work his way through the crowd, but there were even more of them now.  Crowley had drawn a crowd and people were pressed in around them.  Looking at her with morbid curiosity in their eyes, but not helping.
“What are you looking at?” Lisa asked, running her hand up Dean’s thigh.
Even behind Dean’s closed lids, he could see the flash of brilliant light exploding from Cas, crashing down into him, as they came together.  Dean erupted untouched, his cock a lightning rod for Cas’ passion, helpless against the way he made Dean’s body dance.
Dean shrugged.  “I know.”
The article went on to talk about Meg Masters’ previous work and current exhibit.  It speculated about their potential relationship, Castiel’s stated orientation as gay versus the way he looks at her.  Then there’s a picture of Cas leaning in to kiss a beautiful woman with pale skin and blonde hair pulled up on the top of her head.  Exactly like the woman on Cas’ website.
“What?” Dean snapped his eyes to Cas, who was frowning as he looked at the house.
“Reducing sex to violence is vulgar, Dean.  You’re better than that.”  Castiel straightened his other leg and it forced Dean to lay back on his elbows with Castiel squatting between his legs.  Any other time and this would be awkward.
Cas nibbled on his lobe, breathing against his ear. “Don’t move.”
Previously on Prayer in G:
“Texting Cas.”
And her faith proved true over and over. In the black eyes and red shimmer around the man on the corner calling out to her:
Dean and Cas have an important talk
Dean invites Cas to movie night with the crew
A year, Dean, with a girl who was nice enough, but seemed like little more than a bed warmer.  Because it was easier to be straight.”
Dean looked around again.  A transfer student he didn’t know had a determined look on his face and came to stand next to Dean.  He had broad shoulders and looked older than the rest of them, definitely going to be on the football team. “It looks to me like the girl doesn’t want to be talkin’ to you, Chief,” he said, holding Crowley’s gaze before looking at Dean and giving him a quick nod.
“I didn’t mean hit, I meant—fuck man, you know what I meant, no one is that literal.  I meant have sex with her.”
Castiel pulled Dean into his side and placed a kiss on his temple.  “Are you upset because I didn’t let you make me come?”
*watersports
“The box?” Dean asked, scooping it back up and pulling himself to standing as Cas kneeled on the floor panting.
Dean’s eyes flew open, his concern turning to fear as Castiel spoke, the words coming from his mouth the stuff of horror movies.
5AM was an inhuman time of day to be not only out of bed, but outside, trudging through the Massachusetts winter from his car to the gym.  He’d rather be at home, still in bed with Claire, his Goldendoodle.  Or better yet, someplace
He scrambled around on the tracks for a while then climbed up one of the shallower banks to walk along the path toward the tunnel.
But when the man looked up, his hair soaked and dripping down his face and creating a puddle on the floor, Castiel couldn’t stifle the chuckle that bubbled up in his chest.
Dean ran his fingers through the thick, dark hair, tugging slightly to pull Cas’ head where he wanted it so he could deepen their kiss.  He stroked the man’s face, his thumb dragging Cas’ lip down even as he kissed him.  There wasn’t a single part of the angel he didn’t want to touch in some way.  With each pass of his fingers along Cas’ face and each grip of his arms, Dean’s broken pieces fell back into place.
At the next bell, Dean returned for his last class of the day, but other than sitting in the back of the room and throwing torn up erasers at Victor’s head, he can’t say he did much.
Work passed quickly.  He had a lot of little but interesting jobs and his customers were generally pleasant to interact with.  He was flipping through social media during his afternoon break when Charlie came flomping in from her office.
Thank you so much for all the comments and kudos and notes.  I know we're really in the thick of it now so this was supposed to be 2 chapters but I decided to put them together since it flows well as one and damnit you guys deserve it.  Thanks again and enjoy!
Cas hummed his approval as he worked his lips and teeth on Dean’s nipple through his clothes, creating an almost painful stimulation.  All the while, he continued to roll his hips, running his cock, hips, and stomach along Dean’s erection.
Sorry for the delay.  Ironically enough I had a bad mental health week and had to step back a little.  I'm on the mend though :D
Dean gripped his ass and thrust up to meet Cas each time he plunged deep into him.  Sweat gathered between them, and the bed crashed against the wall behind them with the pounding sound of their union.
Dean skipped 5th period and sat on the roof just outside the boys’ bathroom, smoking a cigarette.  He couldn’t concentrate on a single thing right now, his brain spinning out from one thought to the next, never solidly landing on anything long enough to make a coherent point. He hated it when he got like this.  It was like his brain belonged to some sadistic prick who was messing with him just for the fun of it.  He wanted to skip out, run out of here, and just fucking drive until his head was clear. But instead, he was stuck at school, trying to find calm but he couldn’t even be alone right—no wonder he was failing half his classes.
“Shhhh,” Cas cooed before whispering something else in Enochian. “Stay with me.”
“You sure you wanna do this now?”  Dean asked, pulling away softly.  He wanted to delay the news about everything that happened as long as he could.  If he didn’t tell Sam, maybe it wasn’t real, maybe it didn’t have to have happened, and he could just stay here in Norway for a little while longer.  “You should clean up, and we’ll all sit down.  You haven’t eaten in a while.”
Previously on Prayer in G:
where he could take Claire out for a nice, long jog that would exhaust her and invigorate him.
This song comes with a special treat!  A song that just fits pretty much everyone in this story.  Give a listen to Blood Thinner by Ruby Waters
“I didn’t exactly let her. She just did it.  There was a time in the beginning when we were more physical, but I’m no longer… interested isn’t the right word… maybe capable?... of that anymore.  We’re still very tactile, though, and we both enjoy that.”
“Hmm… smart enough to know you’ll only talk about me but not about you.”
They kiss...
“She’s the woman you’re posing with for the picture on your website.  Well the CJ Novak website, anyway.  What’s your middle name?  Tell me it’s Jabberwocky, please.  If we have a kid someday I really want to name it Jabberwocky, okay?”
“I’m sorry.” Meg shook her head against his chest and took a deep breath before looking up at him.  Dean’s heart beats in his ears and his breath comes quickly as they look at each other with such open affection.  Castiel brushes a hand down her cheek.
Once Sam was dressed, they sat over an inhuman amount of Chinese food.  Dean, Sam, Cas, and now and then Rowena recounted the last few weeks.  The longer Sam was conscious, the more he remembered, pieces of his own behavior bringing barrages of unnecessary apologies.  But there was enough guilt to go around. Not a single one of them was free of any fault.  Except maybe Rowena, as she thoroughly enjoyed reminding them.
“Whoa, Nelly!” Missouri called out, shaking her head as she sauntered into the nurse’s station at Lebanon Memorial Hospital. “Who drew the short straw this shift?”
Dean clapped Benny on the back.  “Thanks again, man, you’re a good dude.”
He thought about it for a moment, heat licking up his neck.
Cas’s shoulders rolled back and a breeze of air that smelled like the fall of fresh snow filled Dean’s senses.  When he looked over, Cas’s eyes were bright, his jaw squared, and a level of fury Dean had only ever seen on his father’s face.  Shit, Cas was fucking terrifying.  And then, a high pitch sound started on the edge of his awareness and Cas’s eyes flashed, growing bright the way they had when he’d healed Dean.
Sexy times for Cas and Dean
Dean nodded, horrified that it had been that bad and at the same time proud that his angel had been the one to save the day.
He spotted Castiel and Meg sitting under one of the trees lining the school’s front sidewalk on his way out.  He held her hand in his lap and gazed at it with such intensity you could almost believe he was performing some kind of x-ray vision dissection.  His hands were strong and his bent shoulders were broad.  Why had Dean always thought of him as a skinny little dude?  He was actually pretty stacked.
“Sounds perfect,” Cas sighed, his posture finally relaxing. “Thank you, Dean.  I’m sorry you were pulled into that.”
No cliffy this time, but I hope you got a good chuckle and the end, and maybe a little tingle from the beginning in your nether regions!
“How many brothers do you have?” Dean asked, stroking Cas’s hands with his thumbs.
“Cas… I’m really tired.”
“I’m fine, Dean.” Castiel used his best impartial voice before inspecting Dean’s stomach, his hips, and his legs. He ran his hand along a patch of Dean’s thigh that had no stings, making sure he could tell the difference between unbothered skin and reactive skin. He kept as much distance between himself and Dean’s warm skin, but he had to lean in to look closely.
The halls were stuffed full of laughter and bodies.  Couples made out against lockers and big kids shoved smaller kids out of their way, and sometimes Dean couldn’t believe he was the same species as all these walking talking stereotypes.
Cas reached out and ran his fingers under the text.  “My name…” he breathed and looked up at Dean with open adoration and awe.
Sam fell to the ground in the fetal position, curling up to protect his head and dean backed away, stumbling on the stairs, still holding the box in his arms.
“Yes, that’s my intention,” the angel growled against Dean’s lips before pulling back and removing Dean’s hands from his hair and where he gripped his back. “Undress me.”
“So it was Ishram who did this to you?”
Castiel stepped closer, pulling the scarf from her hair. “I’m sorry to pull you into this. My arrangement with Sister Veronica has made some aspects of this situation difficult to manage.”
“Again, not Catholic.  And no, that’s not a problem for me.  Everyone finds their path to God in their own way at their own time.  For some people, it’s seminary; for others, it’s the beauty of nature. God’s love is there whether you’re looking for it or not.”
The first meeting included Michael, Duma, Claire, and her family, Ellen--who turned out to be Jo’s mother, Missouri, Arthur, Zach, and a number of other faces Castiel was still working to remember.  They talked about history, about the bible as a living document that changed with the passage of time, about the art of translation vs. transliteration, and the entomology of language.  Castiel was in his version of heaven.
“So your little brother dared you?”
He took a long drag and dropped his forehead to his knees.  He was such a fuckup, just like his Dad always said.  That was why they were stuck here in Uncle Bobby’s house with more antique books and crucifixes than food.  That was why Sam always looked a little afraid and sad.  That was why he always felt so fucking alone even though he had friends.
Before Dean could reply, Cas pressed his tongue, flat and wide against Dean’s opening.  His body spasmed with pleasure he’d forgotten.  Cas tightened his grip on Dean’s ass and licked over Dean’s hole and perineum, hard and wet, over and over, moaning as he pressed his face deeper into Dean’s body until finally, his tongue began working Dean’s rim.  He pressed his tongue around Dean’s hole, licking circles closer and closer to the relief Dean needed.
“You’re hanging your own rope with this.  It will turn out badly.  People need direction, the surety of truth, not interpretation or translations.  The flock is weak, it’s your job to be strong.  The sooner you learn that the better you will be at your job.”
“Hmm, I’ll try to contain myself then,” Castiel deadpanned, tilting his head and staring into Dean’s eyes.  They really were unreal, so green, with flecks of gold that sparkled under the lights.
Dean chuckles again, enjoying watching Cas flounder for a moment.
(See the end of the chapter for
I apologize for taking so long with this.  It's so hard to say goodbye :(
“Yeah, I’m good.  Just go slow.”
“When you and Aaron broke up--”
“So we try to make sure we have everything we need that could come up if something happens to one of us or one of the other hunters we know.  The job doesn’t exactly come with a great health plan.”
“Nothing of import.  Is there a reason you’re bothering me for a second time today?”
Meg and Dean are fun to write together.  What do you think of their partnership?
Dean reached out, wrapping his arms around Cas’s neck and pressing his lips against the angel’s.
“What do you need, Cas?” Sam asked.
“Let me get you checked in and then we can look you over to see if we can’t get you more comfortable. My name is Castiel. I’m your nurse.”
“I’ll give you my number.”
Castiel wasn’t even surprised anymore and got back to work while they talked. Amelia examined Dean while Castiel got the rest of the bee stings out. By the time he was done, Dean was on steroids and asleep thanks to the pain meds and adrenaline drop. The room wasn’t needed, so the nurses decided to let him sleep it off.
“Anytime, man. I’ll text you when we’re settled.”
The command was soft but Cas made it clear that he expected to be obeyed.
“Dean…” the feminine voice dripped with Castiel’s years of frustration.
Dean and Cas talk, and the trio have dinner
Before Dean could speak, her eyes flashed a bright blue, thunder cracked overhead, and for an instant, a light so bright he almost had to look away flared, showing Cas’s wings, massive and magnificent, in shadow and light. And they were perfect, restored after being damaged from losing his grace.
The narthex was empty but for a few tables with flyers, but when they entered the main sanctuary, the room was abuzz with activity. What looked like priests and nuns were scurrying around carrying books out of the space, while others, maybe volunteers or lower order clerics, were taking notes and chatting.
This afternoon he was on oil change duty.  The kind of work even he could do in his sleep, but whatever, it kept him busy and made him some cash.  He changed into his overalls and work boots and started in on the line of cars waiting for him.  It kept him busy for the whole three hours he was there, his brain not having enough time to even try to think about anything else.
The kids though seemed to be having fun, and after a while, he was able to get them into having real conversations about their families, their lives, even God.  Castiel’s quiet, easygoing approach worked.  Kids brought friends from school to join them, and when he was out, kids would give him a hug or a slap on the shoulder.  It was a real connection he was forging and every day it filled him with a sense of rightness, of calling.
A large happy-looking dog with a lolling tongue and wagging tail pranced out of the main room and looked up at Dean before giving a soft bork.
Castiel goes to court to get custody of Jack
When Cas stopped wailing is unclear.  Dean’s ears rang for so long during and after the outburst. He thought his eyes might pop.  He’d born it better than his brother, though, who had a trickle of blood pouring out of one ear.
It was slow and sweet.  Dean remembered the feel of it, the tentative first touch of lips against lips and then the sweet taste of Castiel when he licked inside Dean’s mouth.  The first brush of tongues sent relief through his system so profound his knees nearly gave out from it, but Cas’ arms had wrapped around his waist, pulling Dean tightly against his chest.
“I’ve never complained if a girl wanted to slap me around during sex while wearing a Zorro mask.” He chuckled. “Or guy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Classes had ended at seminary just over a week ago and unlike his peers, he wasn’t taking the summer to work or travel or go home to family.  He was doing his outreach internship early.  His family was difficult, to say the very least, but at seminary, studying religious texts and manifestations of faith in different cultures and surrounding himself with the holy word, he felt complete in a way he never had before.
“Night, Cas.”
She nodded slightly, looking at him with skepticism.
“Or lack of one,” Dean laughed through the thickness, trying to cover his body.  Fuck, he was going into shock, he could spot all the signs his dad had taught him to watch out for.
“No big loss, really. We’d been on our own long before he died.  But my point is that Bobby had no cause taking me in with a criminal record full of petty crimes I did to prove my Dad right about what a shit I was and keep food on the table for Sam.  But he saw past that and when he looked at us, he saw two kids, clinging to each other, just trying to get by.  So when Jody asked me if I could take in some kid who needed a place to stay for a few months, of course I said yes.”
Hope you're having fun!  There's a lot more coming!
“I thought,” Castiel shuffled her feet and looked at the ground next to Dean. “Tomorrow is Sunday, so there will be people here late tonight and all day tomorrow. I thought I could fill you in on what’s going on over dinner and we could come back tomorrow night after everyone has left.”
“What crawled up your ass?” Dean shot at him as he pulled out of the parking lot and headed toward Bobby’s.  He still couldn’t bring himself to call it home.
“That’s impressive.”
Dean chuckles and kisses his cheek.  They roll around, never separating their skin from each other until they find a comfortable position.  Dean falls quickly into the first truly peaceful sleep he’d had in years.
“I’ll barely fit on that couch, and you must be tired too,  Dean. You should take it.” Sam curled in on himself and grumbled, looking like the preteen Dean remembered all too fondly.
“Sister Veronica is a Sibyl, it’s something like a prophet, but instead of hearing the word of god, she could see it. She saw demons and angels and reapers and every other kind of monster imaginable. She saw them as a child and instead of devolving into insanity or catatonia as most Sibyl do, she directed her energies into her faith. Because of all the things she saw, she knew God wasn’t playing an active role in human lives, but she still had faith in the strength of people’s souls. Because she can see those too and she believes in humanity. So she served humanity, saving souls, through the best avenue available, the church.”
“I figure I’d better get my flirting in while I still can,” he shrugged, still flirting but decidedly less playful.  He looked up, sad blue eyes boring into Dean, the truth behind them baring the totality of everything they’d lost.  Dean pulled him in tight, tucking his chin, so their temples rested together as their bodies refound where their hands belonged on the other’s body.  They sank into one another, sharing the weight for one impossible minute.
A loud whistle rang out from the house, and the dog bounded away from Castiel, leaving him soaked in an imprint of his body in mud.  When he stood up, the creature sat happily next to a man with narrowed eyes.
“Oh shit, I’m sorry,” Dean reached forward but Castiel scrambled back, crab crawling away from his touch. “Okay, I didn’t mean to scare you.  I won’t touch you.” He held up his hands and sat, quiet, patient.
Friday night became youth night at the church.  Castiel told Michael it was to keep the kids from being out unsupervised on the weekend, but really it was because he knew Claire didn’t have work.  He did very few religious focused activities, much to Michael’s dismay, but instead took the group bowling and stargazing and viewing movies.  Castiel tried to explain the importance of trust and safety for teens to open up, but Michael just frowned, convinced there should be a more active aspect of directing and influencing their behaviors.
Can dropped a kiss on her forehead and whispered a low, “I’m so sorry,” before turning his head and resting his cheek on the top of her head.
Veronica? You’re possessing a freaking Nun?” Dean looked up, taking in the flat chest before him. It should be moving, breathing, lifting as his lungs and heart worked. It was so easy to forget what Cas was.
Instead, he hopped off the table and went to the bookshelf closest to Cas. “There are more books downstairs but we can flip through these to start.”  He pulled one off that’s kind of an encyclopedia of creatures various hunters have encountered over the years.  He placed it down on the desk and flipped through.
Dean started the car back up and pulled out of the drive and out to the main road.  “So where to?” He asked, peeking over to where Cas had his arm around Meg.  Something twisted inside him but he ignored it.  Seemed like he was ignoring a lot of things when it came to Cas lately.
“I vote breakfast,” Sam said, hopping off the exam table with a grunt. “I don’t think Sister Veronica wants to see you drunk quite yet, which is what will happen if we decide anything other than breakfast.”
Dean was on his third beer with Lisa in his lap, straddling his waist, alternating between kissing him stupid and talking to Ruby, who half sat, half laid on Gordon’s lap next to them.  Victor stood next to them, leaning against the armrest, his leg up against Dean’s side in a way he would usually shy away from but tonight, he just felt too damn good.  Dean used the hand without a drink to rub Lisa’s thigh.
Thank you all so much for the comments, they mean so much to me.  This story has sprung from my head, demanding to be told, and I'm beyond grateful that you are enjoying it as well.
“No,” Cas said, leaning up and tightening his grip on Dean’s hip until he stopped rutting. “I told you not to move.”
,” Dean groaned, taking hold of his legs, so Cas’s hands were free to grip and squeeze his thighs and ass before pulling his cheeks apart and exposing his fluttering opening to the room.
“I won’t leave your side.” Sister Veronica promised and Dean let out a sigh.
Castiel groaned and sunk his head into his hands. “What is it?”
“You came,” said the deep husky voice from the phone, the one that made the hairs stand up on Dean’s arms and the back of his neck replied.
He pulled over the small chair and sat down, looking over the person he thought of as Castiel. The angel, no the Seraph. He was a warrior, a soldier. He’d fallen and resisted and fought for what he thought was right so many times. But to Dean, he was still just Cas with his head tilt and his droll way of speaking.
Castiel moved around to behind Dean and felt one arm and then the other before looking at his head.  He touched a particularly tender spot and Dean jerked away. “Hold still and answer my question.”
“Cas!  Cas, man, this asshole isn’t worth it.  You gotta calm down.”  Dean stepped in front of Cas and kept talking him down.  When he didn't get through, he placed his hands on either side of Castiel’s face and tried to will him into seeing Dean. Cas’s eyes finally drifted down to his, the light softening. “We need to get Meg out of here.  She needs you.  Come on, Cas, this isn’t the time, okay? You need to calm down.”
“Meg needs help.  I can’t leave her.” He said incredulously.
Castiel picked up his pace and imagined that the sound of each footfall was, in fact, his hips slamming into the man’s ass.  Hard and fast.  His hands gripping hips—so tight there would be bruises—as the man braced himself against the wall of the gym shower, desperately pushing back to meet each thrust until he relinquished control completely and allowed Castiel to fuck him into oblivion.
Castiel nodded but he could feel Dean’s eyes on him.
“In my way, yes.”
“Horror can mean a lot of things, but of the slashers, probably American Mary.”
“Go home and throw all these clothes away, and then just go back to normal.  You don’t know me and I don’t know you and this never happened.”
“An intriguing idea…  I feel like we should get to know each other better, but it’s nice to know what options are on the table.”  He gave an exaggerated wink and started pulling out plates and small bowls for soy sauce.  He had chopsticks for them as well.
“Hubba Hubba.  Did little Dean get a little somethin’ somethin’?” Charlie tried to wink and failed miserably.
So she learned to keep her mouth shut.
“Thanks, man.” Dean nodded, smearing his finger with ketchup before booping Lisa on the nose with it just to hear her squeal.  He tickled her and loomed above her seat, trying to lick the ketchup off her skin as she giggled and swatted him away.
Castiel stood in a slow, fluid movement. She appeared to glide across the room as she walked to the altar and pushed it away from the wall. “We need to dig here. But this is consecrated ground. Sister Veronica cannot be a party to this desecration. But it must be done. And I fear, when we find what we’re looking for, there may be a battle in which I cannot participate.”
“Cas?” Dean croaks.
“You’re laughing.” Dean beamed at Cas and they sat that way, holding hands for a while.  The sun started to set outside as they told innocent stories of happy times.  Dean did most of the talking, but Castiel chimed in with the occasional story about a prank his brothers played or something Hannah did.
“No, but you really do need to stretch.  Don’t you stretch before you weight train?”
Previously on Prayer in G:
It was hot, and the beer he’d drank turned on him, making it hard to think, but he had to keep going.
and I’m going to feed you chocolate-covered strawberries.”
“Use those pretty lips,” Cas whispered and Dean wrapped them around Cas’ fingers, sucking them into his mouth like he was feverish like he was in the desert and Cas his only source of water.  He needed to do something, to give back, but he didn’t know how when Cas was so completely in control.  Dean thanked him for telling him what he wanted by sucking and licking his fingers with all of the need building in his heart.
“I’m glad,” He blushes slightly before taking a bite of his own.  “So, what’s your favorite horror movie?”
Castiel rolled his chair behind Dean and pulled the tray table up close. He gripped Dean’s hip with one hand while the other used the tweezers to remove the tiny stingers with quick, precise movements. “You’re lucky you haven’t gone into anaphylactic shock with all these stings. You must have a high tolerance for histamines and pain.”
“Really?” Cas tilted his head in his inquisitive way.
Dean rolled onto his back when Cas lifted his body up.  They moved in unison, connected.  It was a dance—the kind of improvisation that comes from knowing how your partner moves, instinct and that deep bond that had always tied them together guiding them.  Dean spread his legs, and Cas moved between them.  Dean sighed, and Cas lowered his head to Dean’s neck, nipping and licking his way along the long column of muscle.  Dean arched against Cas’ body, and his hands gripped his sides hard, nails dragging down to his hips.
“This is nothing at odds with our faith, this is history, facts, and it’s exciting to learn about. It engages people so they interact with the scripture, not just obey it.” Castiel retorted more fire in his words than he usually allowed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good, because I never thought that when it came down to it, you really were so cruel.”
“I… no… it’s just… Um, you’re a little top-heavy.”
Hehe, who wants the next chapter?  I know, I'm a little evil with that cliffy but the payoff will be worth it, I promise!
“It's Sam.  And yeah, yeah—I’m okay.  It’s crazy, you know?  I feel like I’ve come out of some kind of fog, like I was sleeping or something the last few years.  I can’t believe how I treated Bobby.”  He sat on the couch and hung his head, his hound dog eyes and long hair making him look so young.
Dean gasped, the connection between the two of them a physical thing, tangible… corporeal.
“Jesus, can you two do anything without sex coming up?” Sam grumbled.
Previously on Prayer in G:
Sister Veronica graces Dean with her biggest smile yet, causing his ears to burn and his eyes shift from her to his brother uncomfortably.
“But you and Meg…”
The food was good, and the conversation was at least cathartic, but they were all exhausted.  Rowena retreated to her bedroom first, refusing all attempts to help make her bed or clean up.  Dean suspected she was relieved to have this all be over just to be rid of them.
“Dean, are you alright?”
.  He tasted so fucking good—like sunshine and freedom and soy sauce and sweet dreams.
“We’re not leaving.” He cut her off gently. “We’re just gonna clear our heads a little.  I called and texted Cas and told him where we’d be. He’ll find us.  Let’s take care of you now, okay?”
Dean’s breath caught in his chest, and he felt like he might hyperventilate.  It was so hot in his room and Cas just… He just…  Fuck…
And Dean smiled.  A broad toothy grin that made his green eyes sparkle and lit his whole face up.  A few crinkled lines appeared in the corners of his eyes, exuding happiness.  Freckles spotted his sun-kissed skin and it was as if Castiel could see his soul.  So open and earnest.  What could Michael have possibly meant about him being gruff?  This man, he was… he was beautiful.
Castiel snorted.
“You’re weird,” Dean said.
Bribe me to post Part 2 faster with comments!
“My who?” Cas sputtered.
Previous of Prayer in G: Domestic Fluff
“Cas…” Dean breathed, feeling boneless and completely satisfied.  He wrapped his arms around Cas’s back, pulling him down to lay his full weight against him.  Dean kissed his cheek, his ear, his neck, his shoulder, hands soothing up and down the muscles running along Cas’s spine.  “That was amazing.  More than amazing.  I… Thank you.”
“No, I can’t leave.  Where’s Casti…”
“‘Course,” Dean replied.
Dean chuckled at Castiel’s phrasing and tears started to fall again. His leg hurt so fucking much. “Yeah, sometimes, it’s not like all the time or whatever.”
And like that, Dean’s mind is back to Castiel and how he never wears colors.  Even his jeans are black or so dark they might as well be.  Matched his hair.  And the contrast with his lightly tanned skin made his eyes pop that color blue Dean couldn’t think of the right word for.  Cerulean?  Azure?  He didn’t know, but
When Cas kissed him, it was like the first time their lips met.  Simple.  Sweet.  Perfect.
“And then Charlie laughed!” Dean sat up and gave Castiel big offended eyes. “You gotta help me Cas, this kind of insult can’t go unanswered.”
Dean reached out and put a hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry, man.  You can always stay here if you need a night out of there.  I’ll give you my number so you can text and I’ll come get you.”
“No Dean, no, don’t take this on yourself.  Don’t.  Please.”
“Do you guys want something to drink?  I’m grabbing a coke.”
“Yes, Dean?”
“Say it again, what?”
“Don’t you mean
Castiel stepped in and let the water simultaneously beat on his chest and back, heat relaxing the muscles that had cramped from his long ridiculous walk.  The stress of moving across the country to a place he’d never been to live with a person he’d never even spoken to drifted away into nothingness.  All that existed at this moment was the steam of the shower.
“No, I don’t want to… I can’t be…” Dean tried to sit up, but the pain in his backside screamed in protest.
Because Dean Winchester was being fucked by a goddamn angel.
“Yes.” She said, concentrating on the stitches.
Dean’s eyes went wide and he looked around but Castiel was gone.  He and Sam caught each other’s gaze and Dean shook his head to keep him from saying anything.
Dean snuggled in so he could feel the full press of Cas’s strength against him.  He exhaled with a soft moan.
Dean Fucked Up
“Perhaps that is true,” Castiel nodded slowly.  “But on the off chance it is not, I’d rather fail while encouraging people to find love and truth in their relationship with God, than be a dictator of His word.”  Castiel gathered his jacket and left the silenced Michael behind.
Cas laid his hand on the side of Dean’s face pressing him into the mattress and holding him in places. His hips continued to fuck frantically.  An alien growl escaped him and the pace increased.  Dean wanted to scream or struggle, but the pressure against his face felt like his head might pop.  The pressure made his ears ring and the pain in his skull raged.
Cas gave a long withering sigh, rolled her eyes, and crossed her legs. When she intertwined her fingers and placed them around her knees, Dean felt his world shift.
“Dean, stay awake.  Um, who else would you ‘hit’ if you had the chance?  You and Lisa are a thing, right?  Are you ‘hitting’ that.”
Holy shit.  He had a date with the fucking mystery man from the gym!
“This isn’t a deal, Dean,” Castiel stressed his name, the strange feminine voice sinking low as she stretched it out. “This is respect. I respect Sister Veronica’s faith and commitment to her vows. I won’t do anything she doesn’t consent to. I’ve consulted her a number of times when necessary and we have worked together to find common ground, but on this point, she cannot compromise. So I need your help.”
“What exactly do you think you’re doing, Crowley.” A familiar voice rose above the crowd, it vibrated through Dean’s body, like a sonic aftershock.  Dean turned and found Cas pushing his way through a crowd that suddenly was more than willing to get out of the way.  “I told you Meg was off limits.”
“Can you please move your hands?” Castiel asked, his voice calmer than he felt.
“My apologies, Sister Veronica, she’s assuring me that I am indeed worthy.”
Castiel gets through church and coffee hour with Dean as his support
“You broke it.  The fibula is definitely broken, I can see it poking out of the skin, but I’m not sure about the tibula.
“If there were still demons there, he’s had to fight his way through to our bag, or if they took it, he may have had to track them.  We could just make another or add wardings onto the safe itself.”  Sam looked at Sister Veronica, who was sitting looking at her glass of orange juice intensely. “Why did you send him to get that stupid thing? It was just a tackle box I painted.”
Dean stood stupified for a moment.  Sam finally sat up and shook his head, and while the bulbs had all blown, the recessed emergency lights had switched on, painting the war room in red.
“I--”
Oh and yes, there will be a part III ;)
“Tell me about them.”
But Dean didn’t want to be far away from Cas.  He wanted to understand.
Dean placed another kiss on Cas’ nose.  “I forgive you.”
“Is that your son?  You don’t seem old enough to have a son out of college.” Castiel tilted his head in confusion.
Night at the Chapel
“Yes, so when things here started to… get strange, she reached out to the angels for help. I listened to her prayers for weeks, but I assumed that another angel, someone with more power, with more
Castiel smiled kindly, mostly sorry he’d upset the guy. “Sorry about that. You paint quite a picture.”
Sister Veronica tilted her head in a way that made a shock run through Dean with recognition and pain. “No, not to them.  I pray to remind myself of the need to pray.  I pray to center my energies and thoughts on that which I pray over.”
“Of all the topics we discussed last night, anything having to do with engineering, specifically mechanical engineering, seemed to get you the most excited.  Well, aside from potential interpersonal activities.”
Dean slipped a hand into the front of Cas’ dress pants.
“I…  Nothing.  Let’s just watch a movie.” Dean turned away and reached for the remotes.
Not that Castiel noticed things like that.
Castiel interrupted him, his balance leaning him closer to Dean.  “There’s an inn back in town.  I’ll take Dean there and ward the room.  You should stay here with Rowena in case you need her for something.”
Cas hovered over Dean. He worked his way down, mouth sucking and licking every scrap of skin he could find as his hands held on like he was afraid Dean was going to disappear. His tongue traced along the corded muscle of Dean’s neck, kissing his way across his own name inked into Dean’s flesh.
“Yeah.”  Dean couldn’t stop the wide smile that spread across his face.
Dean chuckled into Cas’ neck.  “There’s the blunt honesty I’ve come to know.”
At the door, he could hear a low voice inside and the banging of pots.  He waited until it sounded like things had calmed down before knocking on the door.
“You should watch a movie sometime,” she sighed.  After they’d been quiet for a while and Meg seemed to have fallen asleep, Dean looked at Cas again, who had a slight frown on his face that pulled all his features down.  Dean wasn’t sure he liked that look.
A static shock burst behind Cas as he touched a finger to Dean’s pinkened hole.  He applied just enough pressure to make Dean squirm, his cock aching and heavy between them.  When he was ready to start begging, Cas somehow knew and slipped one thick finger inside him, slicked with angel grace.
