Bobby just grunts in response and ambles toward the back room, where Dean knows he’s going to pour himself a nightcap while Ellen is too busy getting them into the car to notice. Outside, Ellen buckles Ben into his booster seat in the back of Dean’s black ’67 Impala. It’s not the most practical family car, but Dean can’t bear to part with it. The car has been in his family since before he was born. Other than Sam and his dad, it’s the only thing he has left of the life he had before the fire that took his mother when he was four.
“Are you coming, daddy?” Ben questions, taking his hand. Dean glances around and realizes that the lights in the theater are on.
Dean carries him to the bed and sits down with Ben in his lap. “Is it too scary being that far away, bug?”
“I’m goin’ out through the garage,” he calls, gathering up his keys, phone, and a notebook. “Get your stuff and come out.”
Dean can’t stop his grin at their easy banter. “Speakin’ of the Camaro, how are you doin’ without a car?”
Castiel pets his hand through Meg’s hair. His fierce little guardian, the best friend he’s ever had and will ever need. He nods in acceptance. “I know, Zar. It’s okay. It’s been two years, he has no power here.” Castiel had been sick over pressing charges, but Malachi pleaded guilty so Castiel didn’t have to testify. He didn’t even return the prosecutor’s phone call when she contacted him to tell him the sentence. He just wanted to put it behind him.
Or is it Will? Dean wonders if Will knows where Cas is right now. Did he tell his boyfriend that he was going to a space museum with another man and his son? Did he tell Will that he and Dean are just friends, because no matter how it might burn in his gut, that is really all Dean is to Cas? Despite his frustration, Dean is pretty sure that’s exactly what Cas told him. He would be upfront and honest with Will about his friendship with Dean. He isn’t the type to lie or cover things up. Dean isn’t really sure why that doesn’t make him feel better.
“I been meanin’ to ask you about that. I know you said there aren’t any rules against this, us datin’ even though you’re Ben’s teacher, but what should we tell Ben? I’m not sayin’ that I think we aren’t gonna work out, or whatever, but I can’t risk him getting’ hurt.”
Cas is so far lost in floating weightlessness he doesn’t process Dean’s words for a moment. The sound drifts down, as if through layers of gauze wrapping, until they register. “Feels amazing.”
okay, but he has no idea what to say to get the other man to let him take care of him. Hearing Cas in so much pain and not being allowed to comfort him is killing Dean. “Did you eat dinner?” he tries.
Time falls away and his hands are numb when a soft sound behind him startles him into missing a note. When the last lingering tone fades, the shop is silent. No harsh rock music blaring through the overhead speakers, only the shuffling of feet behind him.
The drive across the river to the address on the little appointment card shouldn’t take long, but Dean takes the scenic route. If he’s not ready for someone to tell him that there’s something wrong with his kid, so be it. As they head down route 59 toward the University of Kansas campus, Dean thinks about stopping at Garth’s music store on the way home to keep his mind occupied.
Dean thinks for a second. The pain had been horrible for a few minutes, but it wasn’t as bad as right after the accident. “Six, maybe? Seven at the worst.”
Dean closes his eyes again and lets the man move him where and how he wants. He turns Dean so they’re facing, and Dean loops his arms around the man’s neck. Dean falls back into the music, letting it vibrate through his bones. A harsh tug on his ass pulls him in tighter, and he gasps at the friction of the man’s dick rubbing against his through their clothes. The man leans in, but Dean beats him to it, and their mouths meet in a wet tangle. Dean’s cock twitches, aching to escape the confines of his jeans. When they pull apart, Dean’s breath hitches in his throat.
His fingers slipping easily over the strings, Dean moves into another song and this one catches Castiel’s attention because he knows it. One of the bands that frequently played in the little club where Michael’s band made their home used to do an alt-grunge version of
Dean’s pained, shadowed expression bursts into anger and he steps forward until he has Cas blocked in against the island. He reaches out and puts both hands on the countertop on either side of Cas’ hips, effectively boxing him in. “I don’t ever want to hear you say that again. You don’t get to tell me what you’re worth to me or to Ben. You’re part of this family and this family sticks together.”
Jo slides her arm around his waist and tucks herself under his arm as Ellen takes over packing Ben up for the ride home, placing the stuffed dog into his arms. Dean kisses the top of Jo’s head in thanks. “I hope tomorrow goes ok,” she offers, giving words to the thought that Dean has been stubbornly ignoring every time he thinks about taking Ben to school.
“A present from Ash?” Ben asks. Dean has no idea how the kid knows that. They wrapped their present, a Bluetooth speaker for her phone, the night before so he knows the albums aren’t from them.
“Look. I get it, okay. You gotta go through this, I know, but it sucks. I don’t know why you can’t let me be there for you, but if that’s what you think you need, I’m tryin’ to respect that. Just, come on man, you gotta eat.”
“Yeah,” Dean concedes. “Makes me feel like I don’t even know my own kid.” He flushes then, realizing how ungrateful that sounds. “I mean, ah . . . ”
Steam, like a hazy cloud, wafts through the bathroom and settles on the mirror. As he towels off, Cas flips on the exhaust fan and waits for the fog to clear. He runs his hand across the scruff covering his jaw and thinks about what Dean said about liking him with the beard. With a smile, he drops the razor back into the drawer.
They follow Patty to the staircase and begin the ascent to the second-floor gallery. Dean rests his hands lightly on Cas’ hips from behind as they climb, the contact reassuring. He doesn’t recognize most of the work scattered around the gallery, but it’s incredibly odd to see his paintings among them. One that shows his mother’s gardens hangs directly ahead and Cas swallows thickly when he sees it.
“I don’t know,” he answers truthfully. There’s no point in placating. “I’m not sure how injured he is, but your father said that it is very bad. He doesn’t want to leave the man’s wife alone.”
Violet slips away to serve other customers waiting for drinks, leaving Castiel to his own thoughts. There is movement up on the stage and he watches as the band runs through a few snatches of songs while testing the set-up. Somewhere in the back of the club, he’s sure Will is listening and making minute adjustments to the soundboard. After a few more minutes, the door beside the stage opens and Will walks out.
“Don’t,” Dean cuts him off with a growl. “Don’t fucking say it, Ash, or I swear to God, I will drive to the airport just to kick your ass and then leave you there.”
Ghosts, werewolves, superheroes, and a dozen different Disney princesses make their way through his yard. Some of the children he recognizes from school, including a few of his own students. He chats with the parents and tries to guess each costume in turn. By the end of the first hour the cauldron is starting to run low on candy, so he heads back into the house to grab the rest of the bags. Once this candy is gone he’ll have to turn the porch lights off. He hopes that he has enough to make it through the second hour of trick-or-treating.
Dean tries again. This time, the acrid smoke burns, but he doesn’t cough. Instead he holds it in his lungs for a few seconds before he breathes it out, and Castiel smiles as if he’s a proud parent.
Castiel wanders into the kitchen to rinse his mug before slipping on his black Oxfords. Juliet whines at his feet and he’s busy refilling her food and water when he hears the Impala in the driveway.
“It would be a lot more helpful if I could actually do anything. I’m pretty fucking useless right now,” he replies, bitterness seeping into his tone.
Dean rounds the side of the car and looks along quarterpanel. There are still no scratches or dents, but the shock of what could have happened skates along his nerves. “What the hell were you thinking?” he yells, rounding on Ben and Jess. “That’s a fifty-thousand-dollar car and the money to fix it would have come out of my fucking pocket!”
Dean studies him, the intense scrutiny bringing a flush to Cas’ cheeks. “It seems awfully permanent.”
Charlie scoffs. “Dude, he’s manipulating you again and you’re so wrapped up in him that you don’t even see it.”
The uncomfortable turmoil in his stomach at that thought is the perfect reminder of why Castiel is so upset with himself. Every time he allows Dean to touch him without pulling away, every time he leans into the pressure, he’s being dishonest and disloyal to Will and it rankles. Most people wouldn’t consider the mildly friendly touches to be anything concerning, but Castiel knows how important it is that he allows them.
“And that’s the important thing, right?” Cas retorts dryly, pulling the door open. Dean grabs the door with one hand and holds it open for Cas to enter the bright, airy storefront ahead of him.
They eat in silence for a while, snuggled under the blanket with warm air wafting across their faces. It really is perfect, just this, with no bells and whistles, no grand gestures. Just him and Cas and the peacefulness, like some pocket of space carved out of reality just for them.
The image that Cas’ words evoke spears through Dean, Cas buried to hilt inside him, splitting him open while he lays bound and gagged, helpless to do anything but take it, completely owned by Cas. Pleasure, hot and bright, streaks through him, muscles clenching as he shoots his release between them, coating both of their chests. The bliss is so overwhelming that he barely registers Cas following him over the edge, his cock throbbing and twitching against Dean’s.
Dean opens his mouth to snap a reply back, but he just sighs instead. “Just busy,” he insists. “Did you need something?”
Cas is kneeling beside Ben again. He's looking at Ben's ankles and then stretching the bottoms of the costume legs. “Does Ben sometimes wear socks that are longer? I mean, that go up farther on his legs?”
Dean’s eyes flick down to Cas. He’s been taking in the whole exchange, but his lips press together into a thin line and his eyes widen with an intensity Dean can’t read. “That’s not really—”
The wait is longer this time, and Dean takes the time to add Meg to his contacts. He’s about to give up and call her when the phone lights up in his hand.
“Tell that to Malachi.” As soon as the words are out, her eyes pop wide and she covers her mouth. “Shit, I didn’t mean that. Goddammit.” She reaches for him, but he steps out of reach and holds up a hand to stop her.
Cas lets himself be towed along behind Ben until he and Dean are standing on the deck with Ash. There’s a moment of awkward silence before Cas inclines his head. “Hello, Ash. That’s an impressive wingspan for a paper airplane,” he remarks, nodding at the plane in Ash’s hand.
Dean is glad for the distraction. “Not too bad,” he reports. “The kid who owns it is kind of a pain in the ass ‘cause he’s tryin’ to do what he thinks his dad would want and he keeps changin’ his mind. I think we finally got settled on the paint color, though, so it should only be another two or three weeks of work.”
A low growl is torn out of Dean as he rolls his hips again, driving his hard cock against Castiel’s erection, and Castiel’s eyes roll back in his head at the sensation. He drives his hips up as Dean tears himself away from his mouth to leave a trail of wet, warm kisses across his jaw to his neck. The moist pressure tells him that Dean is sucking a mark in the little space behind his ear, but Castiel can’t find it in himself to care.
“Could you not scare the shit out of Cas the first time he hangs out with us?” Dean protests, struggling to control the tiny woman. “He’ll never want to come back if you traumatize him.” Eventually, he gains the upper hand, tickling Charlie mercilessly until she crumples to the floor.
The duffel bag hits the floor with a thud, and Dean face-plants on the bed before the echo of the sound fades. Bone tired with a weariness that is just as much mental as it is physical, he doesn’t react when a solid weight drops onto the bed, making him bounce.
The morning goes by quickly and Cas doesn’t see Ben until the resource period just before lunch. The occupational therapist has sensory centers set up around the room, including several that include strong odors. Ben wrinkles his nose as soon as he walks in the room, but to his credit, he doesn’t balk when Bela leads him to the first center.
“There’s a bathroom downstairs,” Dean says pointedly, as Sam is leaning against the wall clearly waiting.
“I want to,” Cas insists. He brings his hand up and grasps the waistband of Dean’s pants. “Get them off. Please, Dean. Take them off.”
John drops his clipboard on the bench next to Dean. “Good to see you up and around,” he says, clapping Dean on the shoulder.
Castiel greets the woman, taking a moment to register that she’s quite pretty though she seems to be significantly younger than Dean. She’s sitting close enough that her shoulder brushes Dean’s every time she moves and Castiel crushes the flicker of jealousy at Dean’s obvious comfort with her. As Castiel suspected, Dean Winchester is most definitely straight.
Dean glances down at the phone to see that Ben is right. The text message is from an unknown number that Dean can only assume is Meg’s. A sharp edge of panic knifes through him. Since he hasn’t heard from Cas since this morning, anything could have happened since then.
Dean narrows his eyes. “You just need the right teacher. Come here and stir the sauce while I get the noodles ready.”
“Sure, but not as good as you. The whole time we had Ben for the weekend, Sam was checking in with me every two minutes to make sure I thought he was doing what you would do,” she relays. She pulls her feet back under her and leans in. “You’ve done a great job, Dean. Lisa would be really happy to see what you’re doing with him.”
The timer on the oven goes off and he’s plating the chicken along with the buttered potatoes when he hears Dean at the door. Juliet jumps up from where she was lounging beside the couch and races to the door. He slides the plates onto the warming rack and nervously runs his hands down over himself.  It seems silly, but it almost feels like losing his virginity all over again.
After forty-five minutes, John slaps the clipboard on the wood next to Dean’s thigh. “We boring you?”
There’s no inflection in the comment and Castiel isn’t even sure what it means, but when he meets Ash’s eyes he senses that Ash is trying to tell him something important. Although he and Dean have talked and texted more and more frequently since Halloween, Dean rarely mentions Ash. Castiel knows they dated from Charlie, but he doesn’t know the details of why they are no longer together. “Family is important,” he chooses to say, unsure whether it is an observation on what Ash said or not.
Cas brings one hand down to shove between them, wrapping his fingers around Dean’s cock through the soft cotton of his sweatpants. Dean lets out a startled noise and jerks back. He looks debauched, lips red and swollen and slicked with saliva. His chest heaves and he pulls in a few gasping breaths until Cas squeezes him again. “Cas, you don’t have to—”
Dean winces when Cas pulls out and rolls to the side, breaths still coming raggedly. His entire body feels like an exposed nerve ending, overstimulated and sensitive. He’s barely aware of Cas when he climbs off the bed, until he’s back and a warm, wet washcloth is wiping away the evidence of his release. When Cas starts to move away again, Dean whines and reaches for him weakly. “Don’t go.”
Zar just shrugs nonchalantly and moves in to start arranging the ingredients on the counter for Meg. He pulls pans out of the cupboards and starts the oil to heat on the stove to fry the shrimp. Watching them move together in the small space, it’s impossible not to see how close they’ve become.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “I am not discussing my sex life with you, Meg. It’s frankly a little disturbing.”
He closes the door behind her and wanders back into the kitchen to wipe down the counters before Dean arrives. He already set the table, changed the sheets on his bed, and set out clean towels in the bathroom. A little presumptuous, he supposes, but he has always figured it’s better to be prepared.
Dorothy’s expression changes—slitted eyes going wide—as they approach, and a wide grin spreads across her face. “You made it,’ she exclaims, tugging Charlie in for a wet, dirty kiss. Dean looks away, cheeks burning. He’s not a prude, but watching Charlie make out with Dorothy is as uncomfortable as watching his brother have sex would be. He and Sam may be close, but Dean draws the line there. Dean clears his throat when Charlie snakes her hand around Dorothy’s neck to pull her closer, and Charlie glances up at him with a smirk.
“Gabriel assured me that Mr. Crowley has been very happy with all of the photos you’ve sent him,” Cas adds.
“Anthropology,” Dean confirms with another nod. “But walking away isn’t that easy. How did you do it?”
The man from behind the counter stands a few feet away, his hands shoved into the pockets of his black skinny jeans. Dean hadn’t noticed before, but he’s wearing a pale blue t-shirt with a colorful pony on the front, the words
Ash pushes himself up and pads naked to the kitchen. He tosses Dean a wet washcloth. They clean up and pull their clothes back on in silence. Dean is an even bigger jumble of warring emotions than before. The endorphins coursing through his body tell him that everything is great, but his mind is even more tumultuous.
“Could you get out the materials for the butterflies?” he asks, using the distraction to avoid looking at Meg. While Meg hasn’t come right out and said that she thinks Cas is being stupid, the tone of her text messages and their one phone call certainly leans in that direction. It’s easy for Meg to judge when she’s never let anyone get close enough to hurt her. As far as Cas knows, Meg’s longest relationship has been with Balthazar.
“Are you putting anything in the art show?” Dean asks, sneaking the chance to brush his nose against the hair above Cas’ ear. He smells like crisp grapefruit and something heavy, muskier. Dean can’t get enough.
“Mornin’, Cas,” he says in greeting, passing him the travel mug of tea. Cas takes a sip and smiles gratefully, dropping a messenger bag onto the seat between them.
The nurse nods. “The doctor might approve something to help. She’s on a call in the ER, but she should be back soon.” He marks something on the clipboard he’s holding. “I’m Oliver. I’ll be around the rest of the night, so just press the button there if you need anything. Visiting hours are almost over, but I’m gonna let your grandparents in.”
Dean squeezes his hand and for a moment, Cas wants to beg him not to let go. He steps away, his fingers slipping out of Cas’ grasp and Cas feels silly for thinking it. Of course, Dean will go. He’ll go get the car and they’ll drive away from here. They’ll leave his mother alone, in the ground, and Cas will cry like he’s supposed to instead of standing like a wooden statue, like this broken thing he has become.
If Meg and Balthazar discover the crush he is apparently developing on Ben’s father, he will never hear the end of it. After realizing for the third time that he has dropped out of pose to stare blankly at the wall, Castiel gives up and falls onto his back on the mat. He’d say that he feels like a teenager mooning over a crush, but he never experienced anything like this as an adolescent. Before Michael, Castiel often wondered if he was completely asexual.
Cas holds the door for a moment before pushing it shut, then turns to meet Dean’s angry glare. He standing by the kitchen island with his hands shoved in his pockets. “What are you doing here, Dean?”
Castiel’s sharp, musky smell fills his senses, overwhelming him when he goes the whole way down, burying his nose in the crisp curls at the base. Dean tongues around the rapidly filling flesh as he slides back up with excruciating slowness.
Cas’ eyes widen, but Dean doesn’t flinch or look away. It’s every dream that he’s had, the ones that Michael held out to him and he tossed back in his face, standing right in front of him. He looks down at the baby in his arms and back at Dean. Cas swallows hard and nods. “That’s, ah, that’s something we could definitely talk about,” he manages. It’s worth it for the look on Dean’s face.
“Breathe,” Dean directs, taking Cas’ hand as they backtrack to the gallery. He draws small circles on the inside of Cas’ wrist with his thumb, the repetitive motion grounding Cas. “You’re gonna to be awesome and everyone will see how amazing and super talented my boyfriend is.” He shoots Cas a wide, disarming grin.
Jo is gone from the front desk when Ellen walks him to the door. Dean pauses in the hallway. Charlie is waiting in the parking lot—out the front door—but Dean turns toward the back of the building instead. She’ll want to hear what they talked about and when his next appointment is and whether it helped. Even though his head is clearer than when he went in, Dean can’t face her.
When Ben still doesn’t look away from the phone, Dean reaches out and taps Ben’s ankle. “The doctor is talking to you,” he says. Ben’s eyes don’t even flicker.
He jerks back, feeling the breath punch out of him. Cas’ pupils are blown black with lust and he looks confused at the sudden halt for a moment, until his eyes go wide, as if he’s just registering what he said. “What?” Dean gasps. “Cas?”
Castiel pulls his coat out of the closet and shoves the last of his paperwork into his messenger bag. His phone rests on the corner of the desk, the notification light blinking. Castiel turns on the screen and is surprised by the string of missed texts from Dean.
That’s why he doesn’t answer. Dean needs someone who is strong, someone who can help him with Ben and be there for him. He doesn’t need Cas to cling to him like a barnacle that can’t survive on its own. Dean shouldn’t even bother trying to be around him right now. He’s tried so hard to prove that he can take care of himself, that people can count on him to be there for them. There’s nothing he can offer anyone when he’s like this.
“I’ll tell you if he contacts me, I promise. I’ve moved on from it, Dean, but I won’t martyr myself for him. If he bothers me, I’ll take out a restraining order.”
The tray of food is sitting in front of him on the table, but he hadn’t noticed Cas come back. “Yeah, I got it. Just tired I guess,” he says, forcing himself to focus on the task in front of him instead of the thoughts zipping around his head. He passes Ben his nuggets, puts the chicken wrap in front of the seat next to him, and pulls his cheeseburger toward him.
Dean slides into the chair next to Benny’s wife. He snatches a pen out of Jess’ hand as she’s writing on a notecard, earning him a slap on the back of the head. Andrea is almost the mirror image of Jess. Where Andrea’s dark hair and soft green eyes reflect her Greek heritage, Jess is a 100% California native, with golden waves and pale blue eyes.
“Wah, wah, wah,” Charlie tosses over her shoulder as she leaves the room. “Take it up with the management.” She pauses in the doorway and blows him a kiss, closing the door behind her.
The vague sound of a door closing and Ben’s voice are drowned out by Dean. “Nah, that’s good. I can put something together. Gonna get changed then we’ll be over. Twenty minutes.”
Castiel frowns though Dean can’t see it. “And the mother of your child, Dean. You’re allowed to grieve her. This isn’t just about Ben.”
“Well, as another single parent, I know how hard it can be to get out and do things like this,” Candace responds. “Nothing so tragic for us. Justin’s father decided that Justin’s behavior was too much for him and he’d rather live with his secretary. He used to do visitation, but he decided that was too much trouble too.”
Castiel thinks about putting a movie on, but he knows he’ll need to get to the school early tomorrow to handle any last minute crises, so he strips down to his boxers and slides beneath the sheets. Juliet waits a few moments for him to get comfortable before jumping onto the bed and curling up beside him. As Castiel listens to Juliet’s breathing slow into a steady snore, he reminds himself of the same thing he does every night, “It is better to have the life you want and be alone, than to be surrounded by others and living a lie.”
Dean studies the front of the house, taking in the yard and the three car garage, and lets out a low whistle that causes inappropriate butterflies to take up residence in Castiel’s stomach. “Nice place. Got family that live just up around the corner. Bobby Singer and Ellen Harvelle?”
“I’ve already seen 'em, you know. You don’t have to hide 'em,” he says softly, catching Cas’ eye when he hands over the light.
He stops when he feels the first tears slide down his cheeks, but unlike Dean, he doesn’t wipe them away. This woman deserves them. His throat is burning but he forces himself to continue. “You would be proud of Dean, too. He doesn’t believe it, but he’s a wonderful father. He misses you so much, but he’s done the best he possibly could with your son.”
The house seems amazingly quiet after they leave, as if they boxed up the life in it and took it away like leftovers. Even Juliet is quiet as they go through their evening routine. She doesn’t even whine when he shuts the door of the studio, closing her out. It was too quiet in the house after Malachi too. Just three weeks later, he and Meg drove to the shelter and picked Juliet out of a litter of puppies that had been abandoned by the highway.
Warmth surrounds Dean, soft sunlight filtering through the curtains, but he finds empty sheets when he reaches for Cas. His breath catches with a sharp, ugly gasp. He drags himself out of bed and pulls his shoes on without bothering to change out of his pajamas. The grass is damp when he crosses over to Cas’ house, but there’s silence even after he knocks a few times.
Cas shifts his bag on his shoulder to lean in and brush his lips across Dean’s. “Good night, Dean,” he murmurs. “I love you.”
Cas nods, throat working. He takes a step forward, his hands twitching as if he’s going to grab for Dean, but then stops himself. He looks lost and it destroys Dean all over again that he had anything to do with making Cas look like that.
Cas chuckles. “You want to hold my hand,” he teases, his voice so lust-roughened that the sing-song sounds dirty instead of playful.
He glances down at where his phone lies on the coffee table, dark and silent. Still no word from Ash on how the interview went. He finally broke down and texted Jo when he and Ben got home, but she hadn’t heard from Ash either. Given that the interview was over nine hours ago now, Dean isn’t sure how to read the silence. There was a time when Dean would have said he could predict what Ash would do better than the other man could himself, but that was before Ash walked in and told him he was moving to California. That was a plot twist Dean never saw coming.
“Yeah,” he says with a smile. “Miss Morgan.” Of course, he picked up on that right away. Is there any doubt why Dean loves this man so much?
Castiel begins by making sure Ben knows the names and sounds of all the letters. He isn’t surprised to find that Ben is very proficient. “Okay, Ben, let’s try something a little harder,” he says, laying several cards with simple word families out on the table. He is slightly more impressed when Ben calls out each word without hesitation. “That’s very good, Ben. You’re very good at this,” he praises.
He wonders what the funeral will be like. Dozens of people, he’s sure, most of whom he won’t even know. They’ll want to shake his hand he realizes with a shudder. They’ll want to touch him and offer their condolences. Some might even hug him. If there was anything in his stomach, he’d probably vomit at the thought.
Ben pulls the mask up. “It’s me, Mr. Novak, Ben. It’s Halloween!” he explains with a frown, causing the blond woman to chuckle.
“That’s something I’d like to see.” Dean looks up at the new voice to see Donnie standing behind them holding a football. “Never pegged Dean for the floofy hearts and rainbows type.”
A beat passes, then two, and finally Dean’s restraint is wearing thin just as Cas suddenly thrusts out the hand that is holding the paper. “I want that,” he says, his voice lower, deeper, and raspier than Dean has ever heard it; like he’s forcing out the words over hot coals. His eyes dart to Dean’s then away as if he’s afraid to make contact.
That’s what he tells Meg, anyway. His adamant refusal to be angry at Dean is all that has kept Meg from lashing out at Dean. He was reluctant to even tell her about what happened, but Gabriel spilled the whole sordid story at dinner the next evening. If Castiel thinks Kali and Meg are scary individually, they are downright terrifying when united against a common enemy.
Cas hums and continues what he was doing, moving back over the bed to kneel between Dean’s legs. He can’t see what Cas is doing, but he can feel from the fabric rubbing the insides of his thighs that Cas still has his pants on. “And Ash is the only guy you’ve ever been with?”
Dean continues to mouth at his ear, his temple, down to his neck, then slides both hands down Cas’ arms. He’s half-hard where he’s pressed against Cas’ back, and for the first time in two weeks, Cas feels his body start to respond. His dick fills slowly with the way Dean is running both hands across his chest, fingertips ghosting against his nipples then down as low as he can reach before moving back up.
“I’m not pining, Meg. I’m not even particularly angry with him.” He ignores the way she rolls her eyes again. “Yes, it was uncomfortable, but Dean and I have never been anything but friends. His other relationships are none of my business. I was silly for thinking there might be something more between us.”
“I’m not ready to take this step.” As soon as the words are out, Dean realizes they’re true. He doesn’t want his relationship with Castiel to be the same as every other one he’s ever had, withering away under the specter of John’s disapproval.
Dean hasn’t been to a club since the accident. An immediate spike of panic clashes with an overwhelming need for the pounding music. The music wins out. Dean is about to agree when Charlie shakes her head.
Dean wastes no time testing the boundaries with his tongue and Castiel opens to him willingly, warmth and wetness invading him and sending electricity singing along every nerve. He sucks Dean’s tongue into his mouth, drunk on the little groans that Dean is making low in his throat as he presses Castiel backward until he’s half reclining on the front seat.
“Being bubbly is not a bad thing when one works with children,” Castiel returns with a sigh. “Not everyone is gifted with your natural acerbic wit to carry them through.” Meg lets out a bark of laughter at what anyone else would consider an insult. She takes the adage
She slams her planner shut and clips it to the front of her clipboard. “I’m not,” she snaps, “but you are. Especially when you’re not getting stuck in that big fat head of yours. There are no guarantees, Cas. The whole damn thing is a crapshoot and while you’re trying to calculate the risk, you’re making yourself and him miserable.”
At first, Dean is incredulous that Castiel would make light of his condition, but after a moment, he realizes Castiel is right. As much as everything is fucked, if it wasn’t for the accident, he would have never met Castiel. He wouldn’t be sitting in this run-down diner enjoying the closest thing to a date he’s had in years. And he definitely is enjoying it.
Dean meets his eyes for a second before looking away, his cheeks reddening. “I could, ah, give you a massage.” He looks back up, his eyes jewel-bright even in the soft candlelight. “Touching doesn’t have to be about sex, you know? You said yes, that you wanted to do that, but you like when I rub your shoulders and this way I can make you feel good without sex.”
Dean takes the guitar with a small smile. “Not the kind of playing I had in mind.” His voice is a husky growl that skips across Cas’ nerve endings, leaving fire in its wake.
Cas backs out of the room, waiting until Dean follows before closing the door lightly. He wonders, sometimes, if they’re moving too fast by decorating a room for Ben or having him sleep over. Although it’s only been a matter of months, it doesn’t feel too fast unless he actually thinks about the timeline. Otherwise, it feels perfectly natural to have Ben and Dean in his home.
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” Dean cuts him off. “I meant you don’t have to eat a restaurant ‘cause you could have Christmas with us.”
In an uncharacteristic show of goodwill, Jo snags a towel from the chair behind her and passes it to him. “That will teach you to watch your mouth, Gabe. You forget, I grew up with Ash and these assholes.”
“Milk,” Ben responds as if this is the first time he’s hearing the question. Dean knows well enough by now that it probably is.
Dean stumbles to the side of the room, away from the wall of sound coming out of the speakers. It isn’t until a cool hand touches the back of his neck that he realizes Charlie followed him.
Ben trembles and wraps himself tighter around Dean’s waist. “Delilah scratches me all the time. We could go home and get her and she can scratch me and you can get the blood from that.” His voice shakes and the words are barely recognizable between the clicking.
What the hell? Dean has had songs stuck in his head before, but never like this. The snippets were usually fleeting, a few bars with the corresponding lyrics Dean could sing. The last song he remembers rattling around in his brain was
Colin shrugs his wide shoulders and brushes the edges of his blazer back from his hips when the photographer directs him. Though his clothes are just a shade too messy to be considered formal, he wears them with the cool self-assurance of a man who knows that he’s good looking. “Sometimes,” he agrees with another of his boyishly charming smiles. “But it works out just as often, so I figure it’s a worthwhile risk.  Can’t let a chance to get my hands on a hot a guy pass without going for it.”
Together, they make rice and Cas helps plate the food before carrying it to the table. Ben retrieves the silverware and Dean isn’t surprised that he doesn’t have to ask where they’re kept. Apparently, Ben has been making himself comfortable in Cas’ home.
Dr. Harris scans the chart and nods tentatively. “Very, very cautiously, yes. You can begin light swimming. Not speed drills, mind you.” He smiles like he knows what Dean is thinking. “Ten to twenty minutes of light activity at first. If there’s any dizziness, disorientation, or pain, you need to stop and get out of the pool. You should report symptoms lasting more than twenty minutes after the activity to the office here.”
Dean goes directly to the office, passing brightly colored banners welcoming the students back. A slender woman with a reddish brown pixie cut stands just inside the door, her pant-suit subtly sexy. She smiles when she sees Dean. “Mr. Winchester?”
Dean flips the switch on the pump and they listen to it gurgle to life. Within minutes, the water is circulating smoothly through the filter and back out into the pool. Together, they take turns walking around the deck, measuring and adding chemicals. By the time they’re finished, the sun is almost directly above them and Dean’s shirt is sweated through. Looks like it’s going to be even warmer today than they were calling for.
Dean flinches and looks over at John before glancing around the parking lot of the medical center. He gets out without responding.
“300 meters freestyle to warm up,” John snaps, flipping through the pages on the clipboard with sharp, jerky movements. “Let’s try to get a solid workout in before the kids get here.”
Cas looks away awkwardly, a slight blush reddening his cheeks. He looks adorable when he’s flustered and like a brat, Dean wants to keep doing things to bring that look to Cas’ eyes. “Well, it’s just, there are thoughts sometimes, things that pop into my head,” Cas stutters, taking a step away from Dean.
Dean nods, eyes wide. He maintains eye contact when he says, “I promise, Cas. I’m shit at talking about stuff, but for you, I’ll do it. I just don’t want to lose you.”
Either Dean has grown up a little or Cas has been a good influence on him because there was no bender. He and Donnie had a few more beers, but he barely felt buzzed when he headed home. They talked—about their families and their childhoods and even a little about Donnie’s time in the service—the way they never have. It’s weird to think after two years of hooking up, they might become friends now that sex is off the table. Dean isn’t sure what that says about him.
Castiel moans and ruts against him harder, pushing back so that Dean’s hand slips lower, maddeningly close but not close enough for the friction he’s looking for. He nips at Dean’s jaw, leaving tiny bites along the edge until he reaches the silky patch of skin just below his ear. “Fuck me, Dean. I want to feel you inside me,” he growls softly, his breath a warm whisper against Dean’s ear.
Whether it is the seldom used expletive or Dean had already decided he was ready, there’s an unpleasant empty feeling when Dean pulls his hand away to grab the condom on the bed. He strokes his length a few times, then using the hand that had been stroking Castiel and his teeth, he rips the packet open and rolls the condom over his cock.
“I need to get them sorted out tonight because I don’t want to be here late tomorrow,” she continues, ignoring Castiel’s lack of response. “Game night. Dean and Ben are going to be there. You coming?”
Charlie slides behind the wheel of her powder blue VW Rabbit without a word, but she keeps glancing his way as they make their way downtown. Dean ignores her and turns up the radio, bobbing his head to the classic rock station he’d programmed into the radio he upgraded for her. No matter how many times she deletes it, he adds it back. It’s part of what has made their relationship work for so long.
The woman raises a brow and looks at Dean. There is always a point at which Dean struggles with whether to mention Ben’s Autism. Talking about it still doesn’t come easily to him. Most of the time, Ben’s quirks are so mild it’s easy to ignore them, but sometimes Ben’s rigidity causes enough issues that it’s better to explain. Dean isn’t sure which case this is yet.
It's hard to believe it's been almost two years since I posted the last chapter of this story. A lot of people have asked for a continuation, and I've always intended to write more in this universe. Well, here it is. I'm posting this chapter so people who subscribed to the original story will get the notification, but if you want notifications for additional time stamps or sequels in this universe, please subscribe to the series instead. I'll delete this chapter in a week or two and I won't be posting here every time a new part is added.
Every time Dean shifts in his seat, he ends up a little closer and by the time they reach the baptism scene, Castiel’s muscles are quivering with the effort of keeping himself from brushing against the side of Dean’s body. Dean and Charlie quote along with the final scene, Charlie throwing herself out of the chair to wrap her arms around Dean as she wails Connie’s lines. Her enthusiasm shoves Dean backward until he is sprawled across Castiel’s lap.
“Not the girl who’s been drinkin’ me under the table since Sam brought her home from Stanford for spring break.” He looks from Jess to Sam and back to Jess again.
Castiel laughs ruefully. He’s certainly not the one who is usually told to tread lightly, but he thinks about Dean and their weird back-and-forth pull and wonders if Violet isn’t right to caution him. On one hand, despite all his adamant caveats, Castiel hasn’t completely given up hope that Dean will get past his entanglement with Ash and be free to pursue a relationship. On the other hand, Castiel doesn’t really owe him anything. Dean isn’t ready to say that he’s completely done with Ash, and Castiel isn’t sure he ever will, so it makes no sense to wait for him. He doesn’t want to give up a chance with the only other guy he’s been interested in for something that might not happen.
Dorothy takes their coats and throws them through the open door onto Charlie’s bed. The intense dark haired woman has been around enough lately that he’s pretty sure she and Charlie are sleeping together, though neither of them acknowledges it around other people.
After dinner, cake, and gift opening, Ellen captures everyone else’s attention with a story about Jo’s first school dance. Despite Jo’s initial complaints, the two of them soon have everyone in stitches, so Dean is pretty sure no one sees him wander away to take a breather.
Castiel shakes his head slightly. “Those are for you. I don’t, well, I don’t drink anymore,” he explains, the
He shakes his head. “I run sound for the club. Free band shirts are just one of the perks. I’m Will, by the way.”
Cas leans in and presses his lips gently against Dean’s. He keeps the kiss chaste for a moment, just the brush of their mouths together before he deepens it, tongue pushing into Dean’s mouth to thrust shamelessly. They’re both panting slightly when he pulls away. “I will never do anything you don’t want, Dean. If you want me to stop, anything you want, you only have to tell me.”
“I’m sorry, Charlie, I didn’t know,” Castiel murmurs, starting to reach out for her before he pulls back. He’s torn between the desire to comfort her and his unease with touching her. He glances down at the band on his wrist again and wishes for a moment that he’d chosen his aversion to touch to focus on today.
There’s a flicker in Ash’s eyes, a moment when Cas knows he’s thinking about lying, then he draws in a deep breath. “Yeah,” he says on a slow exhale. “He was pissed off after you left, mostly at me, and I took advantage of it. I’ve known how to push his buttons for twenty years. It’s not that hard.”
“Of course you do, Cassie, this is just my contribution to this little soiree,” Balthazar responds. After more than two decades living in the small mid-western city, Balthazar’s British accent has softened a bit, but it doesn’t stop him from acting like he’s just come from tea with the queen. He presents the glass to Meg with a flourish and slight bow.
“Oh, uh, no wife,” Dean offers awkwardly, his discomfort growing. “Ben’s mother died when he was two.”
Despite that, he hadn’t been prepared when Dean touched his back while they were leaving the movie. At first, he thought the other man had done it by accident, but when Dean let his hand remain there it became clear that the contact was intentional. He didn’t move away from the touch but also didn’t do anything to encourage it.
Justin and the woman who must be his mother huddle alongside the pool. “If you don’t listen, you won’t get better,” she barks, her volume spiking.
Their adventure ends somewhat anticlimactically with Aaron handing Cas the keys to his new car. When Aaron asks if he has a preferred mechanic and offers to sign him up for a service contract, Cas blushes and glances over at Dean. Aaron smiles when Dean takes the binder of service information, but he doesn’t comment.
They get out of the car and walk through the snow. Castiel is glad that there are only a few inches covering the grass because much more would have made it hard to get to the gravesite. After a few feet, Dean scoops Ben up to carry him. Despite his puffy coat, he looks tiny in Dean’s arms.
Dean bites back a sound of sympathy at the thought of a younger Cas being berated for doing something that he loves. No matter how deep John fell down the rabbit hole of alcohol and depression, he never stopped Dean or Sam from doing what made them happy. He may have kept them from their family, from settling down and having a normal childhood, but he let Sam join sports or the drama club in whatever town they ended up in and helped Dean pack his guitar into the trunk when they inevitably skipped town in the middle of the night.
Dean shakes his head emphatically. “Nope, Winchesters are strong. This kid is gonna be just fine. You hear that, Cas? I’m gonna be an uncle.”
“Then reach out and take it,” Gabriel responds, then narrows his eyes and adds, “And don’t think I haven’t noticed how much Dean-o touches you. Come on, cupcake, you flinch when I hug you, but you look like you’re gonna swoon when he grabs your arm.”
“Castiel,” she cuts him off smoothly. “No need to explain.” She leans in closer so that her words are a throaty rasp in his ear. “Who do you think told Dean where my office is?”
What really hurt was Cas assuming that something would happen between them; that Dean would cheat on him. No matter what went on with him and Ash, that was a line that Dean never crossed. When Dean was dating Cassie in high school, and during the two years he was with Lisa, he and Ash kept their distance. Of course, the first thing Ash did when Dean told him that he and Lisa broke up was send him a picture of his hand wrapped around his dick. It didn’t take much to steer their relationship down that path again.
Dean clears his throat to normalize his voice before he answers. “I’m sure he just fell behind the bed, bug. Go ahead back in your room and I’ll be there in a minute to help look.” Mercifully, Ben turns and head back to his room without an argument. Cas, wonderful, quick thinking Cas, is already tucking them both back into their pants and doing what he can to fasten them before Ben even clears his doorway.
Bobby grunts when Dean turns on the radio, turning the dial until he settles on his favorite classic rock channel. It will fade out once they get forty minutes outside of Lawrence, but at least it’s something to break the silence. Bobby isn’t exactly chatty.
Man, Dean is glad that he ended up with Jess as his sister-in-law and not that Ruby chick Sam dated in high school. “You got that right. Good thing Garth was there, ‘cause I never woulda heard the end of it from Sam.”
Just after crossing the bridge back into North Lawrence, Dean glances over at Cas. Some of the color has returned to his face, making him look a little less wrung out, so Dean risks the question. “Are you okay?”
“You have no idea, Sammy, no idea at all.” Dean pats Sam on the shoulder and chuckles as he walks away.
After they load everything back into the car, Dean heads into Lawrence, following Cas’ directions. He’s not really sure what Cas might have planned for a Saturday afternoon, but although it may be corny to admit it, he doesn’t really care as long as they’re together. He’s come to realize that just being with Cas is enough to make him happy.
Mary stands and crosses the room, pushing the camera away. In a flash of movement, the video catches her press a kiss to a young John’s lips. “I love you too, John Winchester,” she murmurs.
Dean raises both eyebrows. “Consider it your punishment for colossally bad decision making,” he offers dryly.
He hates sometimes that he does this, that he still needs Ash. They’re over. They’ve been over for nearly seven years. But Ash is his best friend and probably the one person in the world who really knows Dean, underneath all the bullshit where he doesn’t let anyone else see, not even Sammy. So what if he and Ash still fool around sometimes, how is it any different than what they would get up to as teenagers, both before and after Dean dated Cassie? Sam says it isn’t healthy, that Dean needs to let it go, but what does he know?
“Hey, yeah, that’s great. Thanks,” Dean responds, immediately pulling out his phone to enter the number into his contacts. He shoots Castiel a boyish grin that does nothing to quell the improper thoughts Castiel has been having. “I mean, I promise not to prank call you or drunk text you or anything,” he jokes.
There is a burning pressure in Dean’s chest. Does Ben feel like he doesn’t belong, out of step with the rest of the family? No, Dean doesn’t think so. As much as things may be difficult at times, he would never want Ben to be different any more than he would want Cas to change. “Maybe you didn't feel like you fit because you hadn't found the place you belonged yet,” he offers, hoping that Cas can see the truth in his eyes.
Dean and Meg share another look that Cas is too exhausted to try to decipher. He knows that he’s not right, he can feel that. He can tell that he’s not processing clearly, but all he can think about is the look on his mother’s face when he told her that there would never be a nice girl for him to settle down with, that the thought of touching a woman makes him sick to the stomach. She looked at him like he had slapped her.
Dean’s muscles tense up as he tries, and fails, to control his anger. “Benjamin Braedon Winchester, get your ass in here!” he bellows, wincing at the clatter of dishes hitting the floor in the kitchen.
He can’t stop himself from smiling at the thought of moving forward with Cas. He’s been dancing around his feelings for Cas and letting fear keep him from making the commitment he knows Cas needs. When he told Ash that he loves Cas, the words felt completely right, comfortable, and true. It seems silly that he went for so long without letting Cas hear them.
An answering smile tugs at Cas’ lips and he responds to Dean’s greeting by leaning forward to kiss him softly. He isn’t expecting Dean to roll into him, one hand coming up to bury in Cas’ hair as he anchors them together, the kiss turning passionate in less than the time it takes for Cas to pull in a ragged breath.
There’s a soft buzzing sound, the barest vibration, and he ignores it until he realizes that it’s his phone, laying on the mat next to him. It must have fallen out of his pocket when he laid down. Though it feels like such a burden to move, he drags one hand down his chest to reach for the phone. Dean’s name appears on the front under a small candid photo he’d taken the last time they were at the Roadhouse. He holds the phone until it stops buzzing, the drops it onto his chest.
It’s everything Dean wants. Cas in his arms, Ben happy and content, the three of them together. It’s more than he could possibly dream of. It’s just a step, one foot, then the other, and then he’s crashing into Cas, pulling him into an embrace so forceful that it knocks the breath from both of them.
They make it through their television show while Cas eats. Even leftover, Dean’s macaroni and cheese bake is delicious. Cas sips the mug of hot decaf tea that had appeared on the coaster at his end of the couch after he sat down. When he sets the empty plate on the coffee table, Dean turns so they can stretch out and pulls Cas back against his chest. Cas relaxes, cocooned by Dean’s body, and he drifts while Dean puts on the next episode.
The elevator creeps down from the fifteenth floor, and Cas lets his mind wander as he watches the numbers flash in red above the doors. They’re almost on the ground floor when something occurs to him. He turns to Balthazar and clears his throat. “You’re very successful in your amorous pursuits.”
Meg rolls her eyes but she doesn’t respond. Cas is glad because he isn’t sure what else he would say.
Ben rolls his eyes. “I did, Dad. I said the paint smells like your moldy broccoli and cheddar soup and can I go to the bathroom so it doesn’t asphyxiate me, but she made a face and said the paint can’t smell like soup and it wouldn’t kill me.” He turns to Dean with wide eyes. “How does she know? Does she go around smelling moldy cheese soup? The paint could be a biochemical weapon, and it’s meant to turn us into zombies. She can’t know that. She could have been putting our lives at risk.”
Cas comes around the island to slide his arms around Dean’s waist. He brushes his lips across the shell of Dean’s ear, enjoying the way the other man shivers in his embrace. How to make him understand that this
“Perhaps I’ll break my promise to Meg and fail to shave this weekend,” Cas offers, tilting his head to the side to give Dean better access. For the first time in two weeks, the pleasant burn of arousal seeps through Cas’ blood, making him weak.
Ben slides the phone onto the table next to Dean’s seat before taking his own. “Why is it canceled?”
Dean holds up a hand to cut her off. “Wait. Just wait a damn minute. Autism? Like, ah, like Rain Man? But Ben talks just fine. He’s not like that guy. He can go out in public and talk to people.”
Its Garth’s turn to step in. “You’ll do fine, Dean. You’re a great father. And just because he’s in a special class doesn’t mean he’s screwed up. It just means that he needs specialized help. My cousin was in a special class when she was a kid and she graduated from Amherst last year. It’s actually a good thing if the school is willing to do whatever Ben needs.”
Ben keeps his eyes pinned on the game when he answers. “Passed out and smashed my cheek on the heater.”
“You can’t wear a bumblebee to school, Mrs. Novak,” Ben exclaims with a laugh, his own hat resembling a cross between a duck and very fat chicken.
Dean meets Cas’ eye from the other side of the car again. A family. This is exactly what it feels like. “As long as it’s okay with Cas,” he says with a smile.
Meg and Dean eat in silence while Cas stares out the window at the flaming azalea blooming in the garden. The bright red flowers had been one of his mother’s favorites. He doesn’t react when Dean sets a mug of tea in front of him.
Dean takes a deep breath, as if he’s going to argue, but he must see something in Cas’ face that makes him think better of it, because he just blows out the air and nods. He wraps one arm around Cas’ shoulders and bundles him into the passenger seat. They wait for Meg to join them, then Dean starts the car. Even though the distance still feels vast, Cas reaches for Dean’s hand. Dean twists his fingers into Cas’ without comment and Cas doesn’t let go the entire ride back to the house.
There’s a space in front of the shop, but he pulls into the alley behind it. Castiel’s jeep sits against the wall and Dean eases the Mazda in front of it. He enters the shop from the back door—the way Castiel has brought him in a dozen times—and jogs up the stairs to Castiel’s apartment.
Dean reaches into the drawer and pulls out the strand of graduated silicone beads. He’s seen them used in videos, but never experienced them himself. He lets them slip through his fingers back into the drawer and reaches for the metal pinwheel instead. Stretching out his arm, he gently runs the metal spikes down up and down the sensitive skin. The sensation is weird, but he can’t honestly say that he’d find it arousing.
“Yeah, of course,” Dean rushes to assure him. “You’ve got stuff to take care of for the national championships. They’re gonna give me a clean bill of health and send me home. No need for you to waste the time.” John has never gone to a doctor’s appointment with Dean. When he was young enough to need a parent, his grandmother took him.
Dean freezes. He never—not even for a second—thought of Donnie as relationship material. Donnie was a good time, but there had been nothing else to it. Hell, Dean isn’t even sure they’re friends. “Being used to having someone around isn’t the same thing as being in a relationship. If you wanted more why didn’t you say something?”
Jody takes over this time. “Exactly, Dean. These are the kinds of things we need to know about Ben to help him be successful here. Ben is obviously a very bright boy, but we want to see if there are any things we might need to know about him to help him learn to the best of his ability.”
“Daddy, Cas, look, it works,” Ben exclaims, shoving his completed robot between them before Cas can continue. “It works just like Ash said it would.” He places the robot on the coffee table and presses a button on the remote, sending it careening toward Cas’ papers. Dean snatches them up before the robot can scatter them.
Castiel can feel the drying paint on the side of his face where Rose attempted to make him part of the project. “Oh! Yes, we were making a project and one of the students decided I look better as abstract art."
Ash grins and holds up one of the boxes. “They’re electronics kits. The modules all snap together and he can make all kinds of stuff. Some guys I knew at MIT came out with them.”
Dean’s hips are moving now, smooth rolls that push his dick deeper into Castiel’s mouth with each shove, so Castiel closes his lips around the hard length and allows Dean to thrust up into his mouth. “Fuck, fuck, Cas, so fucking good. Your mouth is amazing.” A few more shallow thrusts and suddenly Dean is tugging on Castiel’s hair, pulling him away. Castiel fights the pressure for a moment, as much because he likes the sharp twist of pain that comes with the tug as because he doesn’t want to stop, but he eventually allows Dean to pull him away.
While Ben arranges a nest of blankets on the couch, Dean wanders into his bedroom and pulls out his phone. He stares at it for a few moments, eyes fastened on the blank spot where Cas hasn’t responded to his last text.
“Good.” The gentle lap of the water rocks his body, contributing to a vague sense of dizziness. It’s far less severe than the other episodes he’s had, so Dean swallows and gives Charlie a smile. The weightless buoyancy of the water eases the tension in his muscles. He’s at home in his body for the first time in so long it’s overwhelming. Dean hadn’t noticed how heavy his limbs were until the water supported them. “I’m good,” he repeats, swallowing past the lump in his throat. “Do your sprints. I’m gonna float around and get used to being in the water again.”
Second, you'll probably find that my Ash is not the canon Ash you're used to. I've tried to keep the rest of the main characters as close to their canon personalities as possible for an AU, but I have a real soft spot for Ash. My Ash is what I think Ash could have been if the writers had actually let him grow into a person instead of just being a shallow caricature. What we got of his backstory was enough to make him interesting, but they never fleshed him out. Instead, all we got was comic relief and exposition.
. Dean doesn’t like it as much as the original series but Counselor Troi is kind of a babe, so it isn’t exactly a hardship.
“You’re a brat,” Dean shoots back, but he’s laughing when he takes the guitar. He launches right into
Charlie shakes her head. “At first, yeah, but when I grabbed you, your head was above water. You were yelling that the music was killing you. From the time you went under to when I got you to the edge was maybe fifteen seconds.”
It isn’t even the contact that has Castiel so flustered. It’s his reaction to it. He remembers full well what it was like to want Dean’s touch, to seek it out in the weeks before Christmas when he thought they’d been moving toward something more than friendship. He recalls the way he would lean into the pressure, the slight tingle left afterward so much more pleasant than the buzzing discomfort he usually felt.
Dean pauses before he plays the last note in the melody. An overwhelming sadness washes over him, and tears spring to the corners of his eyes. This is it. The end. Once he plays this note, it will be a continual repetition of the same progression over and over. Something is missing, but Dean has all but given up the hope of ever finding it.
Dean takes it easy as he navigates through the narrow residential streets, but as soon as he hits the straight stretch outside town, he put his foot down hard on the gas pedal. The first time Dean did this, Cas grabbed onto his seat belt with a squeak and didn’t let go until Dean slowed down again. This time, Cas only gives Dean a fond smile and rolls his eyes.
For once, Dean recognizes the reference since they’ve been reading the Warrior Cats books before bed for what feels like years. “They don’t need fed until bedtime. We’ll be home in plenty of time to feed them, no foraging required. Even if we’re not, Cas will be there.”
Castiel ducks his head under the water and shoots across the pool, breaking the surface inches from the wall and doing a leisurely backstroke back. “Did you tell him about California?”
Between Dean’s yelling and the way he’s pounding on the door, it won’t be long before he attracts the attention of Cas’ neighbors. Ignoring the way his limbs ache as he pushes himself up, Cas stumbles down the hallway to the front door. There’s a pause, a moment when he thinks he’s too late and Dean has given up, but then the pounding starts again. Cas can make out the words now.
Woohoo, we have a first date, and maybe even a little something that makes that E rating more applicable. Hope you enjoy!
Having plenty of practice following Charlie’s sudden changes in focus, Castiel just nods. “Not officially. We’re doing observation and helping out when he has problems in the classroom. They are evaluating him for services. Did you have him in class?”
Will chews his mouthful of noodles and swallows before answering. “Mine was convinced I’d get an MBA, so he wasn’t that thrilled when I ended up with a bachelor’s in World Lit.”
It turns out their arrival is enough to distract John from his campaign. Dean passes the Super Soaker to Charlie behind John’s back and drags him into a discussion about the Royals’ chances against the Tigers. Dean has never been all that into baseball, but it’s worth it to avoid a family feud.
“I woulda done it, you know that. I woulda stood up to dad or anyone else to be with you. Cassie used to tease me sometimes that she was just a placeholder for you and she wasn’t far off.”
“Sam and Jess are going to meet us there,” Dean explains when he ends the call. “Ben was throwing a fit that he’s going to miss it so Sam had to download the flyer from the website to show him that it doesn’t start until seven even though we’re going early.” Dean chuckles and pulls Cas in for another kiss though he’s careful to hold himself back so that he doesn’t wrinkle Cas’ shirt.
Cas frowns. “I didn’t go in the house. I just saw them through the front window. They were in the kitchen.”
Jacob chuckles again, and motions for Violet. “Hmmm, let’s get another round and see how the night goes before we make any decisions.”
Castiel chances a glance at Dean, but it does nothing but increase his confusion. Dean’s face is bathed in flickering light from the television, but his beauty is no less striking than it was the first time Castiel saw him standing outside his classroom. The fierceness of the desire to possess that beauty, to crush Dean to him and make the other man his, is overwhelming.
Dean seems to read Cas’ mood and can tell how close to the edge Cas is. “Let’s take a walk and relax before people start gettin’ here. Sam texted me a bit ago to say they’re on their way.” He tightens his grip on Cas’ arm and pulls him across the gallery before he can protest.
Castiel hovers in the hallway as Dean enters Ben’s room and rests at the foot of the bed. Dean’s singing voice is rich and full-bodied, a strong tenor that is a little unexpected given the deep gruffness of his speaking voice. Castiel closes his eyes and lets the sound wash over him, the powerful longing resurfacing with a vengeance.
Dean wishes it was that easy as he slides the container with the rest of the soup into a tote and adds a bag of tortilla strips to the top. He’d gladly feed Cas every day if it would make a difference. It’s the least he can do while Cas finds his way back to them.
He takes another step into the room, finally getting Juliet’s attention. She looks up and whines softly, but doesn’t jump up to greet him like she normally would, so he takes a few more steps in quick succession so that he’s barely five feet away when Cas finally turns in the chair.
“Oooooh, Dean,” Gabriel says, drawing out the name in an annoying sing-song that makes him sound like a twelve-year-old girl. “He wants to have Christmas with you and offers to fix your car. Hmmm, do I need to ask him about his intentions toward my baby bro?” So much for Gabriel not picking up on anything.
“Are we going to Dillon’s after morning session?” Charlie asks with her mouth still full of chicken. She laughs and tries to bite his fingers when Dean reaches over and pinches her lips closed then chews dramatically.
“Look, daddy! Look, Mr. Novak! It’s a rocket ship. A real live rocket ship,” Ben exclaims when they get out of the car. Dean tucks Benson securely into the little backpack Ben wears, just the tip of his ears sticking out the top of the zipper.
“I love it. It’s just been an equally long time since anyone has called me by a pet name.”  Then with a shudder, he adds, “Anyone that isn’t Gabe or Zar.”
“What are you afraid of?” she asks, angling her body so Ben looks at her and not Dean. Like she needs to protect Ben from him.
“I want to know what this means, this spark between us. I want to understand why, when my body rebels at the thought of even a simple handshake, it seems to reach out for you, to crave touching you.”
Dean’s heart breaks to see Cas so upset. He hasn’t seen Cas cry since Christmas, and the sight is just as painful as it was then. “Come on, babe, don’t cry. It’s okay. I’m not going anywhere.” Dean reaches one hand up to cup Cas’ cheek, swiping his thumb through the wet streaks. “I don’t understand. Why can’t you have sex? Is there something wrong?”
The three other artists are already there. The two women look self-conscious under the attention of the photographers and the onslaught of questions, but the man preens with it. He’s slightly taller than Cas, about Dean’s height, and his strong jawline is covered by dark scruff that matches his spiked hair. His eyes are a piercing blue when he looks over at Cas and smiles.
“Too many clothes,” Castiel complains, breaking free of Dean’s mouth long enough to grab the bottom of the Dean’s shirt and push it up. Dean wiggles under him and helps Castiel push it over his head, until finally, Castiel can lower himself again with the smooth glide of bare skin against his chest.
Ben sniffles softly, but he doesn’t flinch when Dean puts his hand on his leg. “Come on, Ben. Let’s go. Come on out,” Dean coaxes, pitching his voice much more gently than he feels.
Tomorrow is Ben’s kindergarten graduation party. He knows that Ben is expecting him to be there, but he’s not entirely sure he’ll be welcome. A single tear slips down his cheek at the thought of how much Dean’s family must hate him for putting Dean through this.
Cas nods with a smile. “Yes. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He watches until Ash is almost to the car before he calls his name. When the other man looks up, he adds, “Thank you.”
“Alright, alright. Yes, yes, a completely different genre. At least tell me you’re planning to pick up one of those cute little emo boys for a good shag?”
The room is still dark when Cas wakes up. He’s not sure how long he’s been asleep, but it can’t be too long because his arm isn’t tingling where it’s bent awkwardly under his head. He hasn’t slept more than an hour or two at a time since returning from Pontiac and the churning pit in his stomach makes it almost impossible to eat.
There’s a noise from the doorway and Dean looks up. A young doctor—not much older than Dean was when Ben was born—stands in the doorway flipping through a chart. He smiles when he looks up and sees Dean watching him.
Castiel chuckles and lets the boy drag him inside before closing the door behind himself. Ben takes off down the hallway, presumably to his room to finish his homework, leaving Castiel standing in the living room with his duffle bag slung over his shoulder and Dean’s father eying him warily from the couch.
Eyes rimmed red and puffy as if he’s been crying and bloodshot with alcohol he no longer has a tolerance for, Cas looks worse than he did even at his mother’s funeral. His hair is crazier than usual, sticking out in all directions as if he’s been running his hands through it repeatedly. “What are you doing here, Dean?” he mumbles as if speaking is too much of an effort. Dean can barely hear him over the music.
Cas sets the bag on the floor at the end of the couch and leans back, letting his head rest against Dean’s shoulder. “I did. I’m glad I could work here so I still got to see you. I hate that we’re so busy.”
Cas’ breath catches in his throat. It burns as he forces himself to relax and let the air move through him. “He loves you, too.”
John smiles, but it’s crooked and doesn’t quite meet his eyes. “You know I’d take it all back, everything I put you through. Lookin’ out for my dumb ass cost you a lot, Dean, and I’m sorry for that.”
Castiel likes his neighborhood. After Chicago, he enjoys the small town feel of North Lawrence, his tiny suburb on the northeast corner of the sixth largest city in Kansas. As he strolls down the residential street a variety of his neighbors greet him, a few wishing him a successful first day of school. Castiel has traveled this sidewalk twice each day for the majority of the past four years unless the weather was truly vicious. He typically uses the ten minute walk as an opportunity to reflect on his day, but today he is having a hard time focusing.
Something in Dean’s chest aches a little before he remembers why they’re out here. “That doesn’t mean you get to fuck things up for me.”
Dean swallows hard and nods, the truth of his words singing through him like fire. “I love him. You’re my best friend, but if you don’t stop, if you can’t let this go, let us go, I’ll cut you out of my life completely. I won’t risk him. Please,” he says, voice cracking. The tears fall without his permission. “Please don’t make me do that.”
Momentarily distracted by Ben, Castiel doesn’t notice Dean’s arrival in the open doorway. “Heya, Cas,” he says, the husky resonance drawing Castiel’s attention back to the door with a start.
He’s done a thousand of these jobs before and mindless work is exactly what he needs. Raising the car on the lift, he changes the brakes pads and drains the oil. Once everything is empty, he reinstalls the plug and a new filter and refills the oil. It’s the simplest service they do, and he lets his mind wander back to Cas while he works.
John falls into step beside Cas as Dean walks away from the booth with Ben, headed towards a table set up with brochures for specialized sleep away camps. “Shouldn’t he be able to sit long enough to get that done?” John asks. He doesn’t sound upset, just curious.
The remainder of the trip passes more easily, with Castiel and Kali chatting about work and mutual acquaintances while Gabriel answers emails and asks repeatedly how much farther. Both Castiel and Kali completely ignore him.
"Do you want me to come in with you?" Charlie's voice is soft and low. It's probably meant to be soothing, but it sounds patronizing.
Meg pulls two boxes out from under the table and begins dumping out bags of small assorted toys. Woodlawn is operating a treasure hunt booth where the children can dig through a large kiddie pool of packing peanuts to find small trinkets as prizes. Cas found the idea on Pinterest though he isn’t going to tell Meg that.
