The heel of his foot dug into the curve of Sherlock's shoulder blades when Sherlock slid the swell of his thumb into the entrance of John's channel.
"I forgot to ask how you like it- HOLY SHIT!"
“Come ‘ere.” The bottle barely made it back onto the nightstand before John was pulling him close again, wrapping his legs around Sherlock’s thin waist and using his significant muscles to yank Sherlock close. Sherlock dropped to his knees, hands bracketed on either side of John's neck; and pressed his forehead to John’s, looking into endless blue eyes. John blinked, pale lashes touching his cheeks, before his eyes opened, starring back up into Sherlock's eyes, searching for something. "Damn, you are so fucking gorgeous." Sherlock chuckled, his breath catching as he used his already slick dampened fingers to drag down his own cock, coating it with John’s slick before he lined his aching sex up with John’s entrance and pressed passed the first rim of muscle.  The omega beneath him rocked, heels digging into his hip bones and urging him forward.
“You forgot something.” The man explained in a nasally voice, holding “something” out in his hand, the object itself obscured by the rain.
"You're back!" The words were called over John's shoulder as the microwave dinged. He didn't bother looking up from his task, so he probably missed the look on Sherlock's face as he got an eye-full of a healthy, uninjured John Watson. Sherlock tutted in greeting, unable to get much else out past the swell in his throat. Depositing his shoes at the door and his coat on the rack calmed some of that jittery feeling in his chest. Running a hand through his hair, he turned back to the kitchen just as John turned around from the microwave.
"Very well, do what you must. Colt, gather the men, we're closing up shop here. Time to move to our permanent location."
“Of course I am.”
The voice on the other side crackled.
"Sebastian." Came the soft reply to his question after a moment of consideration on the young man's part.
. John paused in what he was doing, and Sherlock was certain that if he looked up he’d see the other man eyeing him with one brow raised, mouth twisted in a classic expression of contemplation.
The warehouse image used in this chapter is from my hometown of Albuquerque, New Mexico. So you will not find that in good old London, but it just visually represented what I was envisioning, so tough!
"You coughing up blood, seeing spots, any violent thoughts?"
"Is your boss going to be mad you shot a hostage?" He questioned, his voice sounded far away and distant through the ringing in his ears. He shivered, pressing both hands to the hole in his upper leg in hopes of staunching the bleeding.
Hello Readers! This fic is currently in the process of being rewritten. It was my very first fic, and I've learned a lot since I started it. Rereading it, it doesn't quite meet the quality I want, and since I want to actually finish it, I'm going to start reposting it sometime soon with a revised link provided. Until then, it will continue to wallow in its unfinished state. BUT! It's not forgotten, I do plan on completing it, and I'm working on the revised storyline so that I can do just that.
"What is it?" The detective groaned. His voice was groggy.
“What a romantic you are. If only Mycroft knew.”
The glare Mycroft leveled at him was heavy with disappointment. “Yes, well, what do you think Shirley would say if he saw you right about now? You’re bedraggled and thin. I imagine he’d be quite perturbed to see his mate in such a state.”
He was greeted with the smell of Chinese takeout and the sight of John’s back as he faced the microwave, no doubt reheating the food. The sight of him had Sherlock’s heart in his throat. He looked homey and comfortable in a set of worn jeans and a black tee that was rucked up one hip in a way that said he’d been sitting on the couch only moments before. His hair was still damp from a shower, left to dry without a fuss.
She crouched against the mossy brick of a local market, delving into a bag of crisps John had purchased with visible gusto.
Take note:
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mmm… if ever there was a time to compliment you, it’d be now, darling.” John can’t help but respond, his words turning into a sharp yelp as the fresh morning air slapped against his skin.
Sherlock caught it out of the air with a soft grunt. It was new, they went through them far more often than most people, given their day jobs. He used his nails to work at the tape as John swiped the washcloth from the bed. Sherlock scowled down at the box. His mood dampened considerably at the thought of the other man washing away all the traces of their coming together. He tried to force down those baser instincts, but couldn’t quite manage it.
"Come 'ere." The bottle barely made it back onto the nightstand before John was pulling him close again, wrapping his legs around Sherlock's thin waist and using his significant muscles to yank Sherlock close. Sherlock dropped to his knees, hands bracketed on either side of John's neck, and pressed his forehead to John's, looking into endless blue eyes. John blinked, pale lashes touching his cheeks before his eyes opened, starring back up into Sherlock's eyes, searching for something. "Fuck, you are so damn gorgeous," John whispered, tucking stray curls of hair behind Sherlock's ears.
Flicking the button on his torchlight to better see, Sherlock was hit with a wave of smells as he walked deeper into the building, where the air was still and the scents undiluted. Moldy, pale wallpaper sagged from the walls, lending the air of decaying flesh to the building.
"Will one of those work?" Colt asked.
The detective inspector turned his torch up to Sebastian's face, doing a double-take when he got a good look at the young omega's face.
Feed your writers, feed us good, feed as a balanced diet of kudos and comments.
This would work, it had to, he needed John more than any case than any other person.
Sherlock reassured himself, pushing that thought from his head before it overwhelmed him. He couldn't let his mind turn to such dark thoughts, not and stay functional enough to get free. He needed to get this over with so he could…well. His options were limited. First, he would need to be tested; Mycroft could help him there. All of these were troubles for the future. Lock them up and focused on the
He found it in the room the furthest down the hallway. Heard it in soft, rasping gasps of pain and quite, fearful moans, that only an alpha’s keen ears might have been able to pick up. Reaching out with one leather-clad foot he opened the last door on the left with a light push of his toe. The hinge creaked hideously loud in the echoing darkness, opening the way to the dark recess of a windowless room, a storage cabinet, or janitorial closet possibly.
“Smell it?” Mycroft asked, his icy hand shaking John’s short frame. John nodded his head, clutching the lapels of the elder Holmes’ suit jacket. “He’s been hurt, but he took down whoever did it.” The ginger explained still in that hushed, calming pitch, his tone taking on a note of grim approval. “This must be where they found him. He followed the dockworkers here from the loading docks. It looks like he was caught and got in a bit of a scuffle while attempting an escape.” The explanation seemed plausible enough, given the evidence in front of them.
“Don’ see the old cunt!” He shouted, turning to look over his shoulder at his partner.
Sherlock tensed, his heartbeat eagerly racing with anticipation. This was his chance, possibly the only opportunity he had to get to get away. He waited for the sound of the door clicking closed, followed by that annoying beeping and the vibrations of Brody playing with his phone.
John had told him once, tone warm and cheerful, the mirth in his eyes exposed by the crinkles of golden skin at the corners,
“Mmm…most certainly, mine.” Sherlock purred after a moment of consideration, shifting to stretch his body out above Johns, his longer frame arched to accommodate John’s smaller stature.
“John, I’m going to lose visual. I am being been denied access to the cameras coming up.” Mycroft’s voice interrupted his headlong flight. The elder Holmes’ sounded troubled and frustrated. Which made sense, if someone was deliberately denying Mycroft access to CCTV it meant that the corruption they were trying to uncover went deeper than they had expected.
“John, we are doing everything we can.” John hated the sound of his name on Mycroft’s crafty lips.
“Do calm down Detective, we’ve left what we can to you and your boys. The rest is considered classified and falls under the sway of her Majesty. It is well above your pay grade, old chap. As for the rest of it,” Mycroft dragged in a calming breath, glancing towards the open door to 221. “John is missing, and very much in danger. I need everything you find out there analyzed and sent to my people. I-I want them back Lestrade.” Mycroft heard his voice crack, felt the painful emotions attempt to come up from where he’d buried them deep inside.
"Hey, what's wrong? You look…sad." John asked, his voice concerned, his head cocked in the golden retriever-like way of his. Gorgeous, so damn gorgeous. Sherlock blinked, sufficiently distracted from the pale expanse of John's toes. Thinking about John's words, he supposed that was what the emotion was, sadness. Sadness over not having the one thing he truly ever craved. How could one miss somebody that was standing right in front of them?
Nini’s Rambles:
"How did we miss him?" Sherlock mused, dragging long fingers against his aching head. Pausing at the base of the stairwell, a sound, or maybe a scuttle of movement caught his attention. Turning to his right, Sherlock spotted it, a doorway hidden in the darkness, hidden just behind the stairwell, and almost unrecognizable in the dim lighting.
John's blue eyes looked him over, a soft sound of disgust leaving his lips. He sat up next to him, reaching for his hand once more. "Well, at least let me disinfect this," His lips pursed, eyes examining the wound with a practiced physician's eye. Sherlock rolled his eyes but didn't say anything as John slid out of bed. When the other man put on his doctor's face, there was no getting through to him. He was already out the door before Sherlock had a chance to protest. The tables were turned as Sherlock got a peek at sticky, love-bitten thighs. John wore the marks of his fingerprints on his hips with elegance. Sherlock eyed those marks, a smirk lighting up his eyes despite his significantly soured mood.
That seemed to be the wrong reaction, serving to inflame the other man more. The gun cocked, loud in the charged moment between them. Jermaine's aim locked down. Gun pointed at John's heart. “Shut your fuckin’ mouth! I’mma put a bullet in that fuckin’ hea-”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?” Jerking back from his position against Sherlock’s neck John gave Sherlock a lookup consternation, “Don’t start asking permission now Sherlock!” His pupils were blown wide with desire, his pulse raced at his neck. He was just as eager as Sherlock felt, and maybe a little bit pissed at the question. Sherlock laughed, wiping the look off John’s face by dropping to his knees in front of the omega and pressing a kiss to the light trail of hair that descended from his belly button to delve beneath the waist of his jeans. There wasn’t room for any nerves, not with John there, confident and demanding.
On the other hand, if they were looking to capture John alive, then the guns were for nothing but show and damage, which gave him a distinct advantage in a fight. All that left was defending himself. He was pretty damn sure he could take on two goons on his own, as long as the conditions were right. His SIG-Sauer was in Sherlock’s room, tucked securely into the nightstand. No time to get to it. That narrowed things down, the only tactical weapon he had left on hand was the act of surprise and whatever he could find in the flat.
"Calm down! I'm a detective, here to help!" He called out, staring at his hand, in disgust, before turning his attention to the doorway. A gasp of alarm came from within the room.
It’d been one of the nicest compliments he had ever received, he kept the memory of it in his Mind Palace, safe and treasured. Which was neither here, nor there really, other than the fact that his mind kept trying to impose John’s beloved features over this strangers face.
A knock on the window to his left had him jerking up from the tent of his fingers. Fixing his features with the mask of calm that he normally presented to the world.
They moved fast, with the efficiency of men who had done this dozen, if not hundreds of times before. The door closed behind them, a guard falling into position in the rain, his bulk ducking under a heavy overhang as he moved to take guard beside the doorway. The sound of the wind blowing was the only thing that broke the growing tension.
Pivoting to roll on his back, John gritted his teeth as the shards embedded in his back dug in deeper. The omega’s handhold on his legs lost the moment he flipped over, with a snarl Sherlock’s violin slammed down onto the omega’s head. The vibrant belly of it cracked on his attacker's face, the strings singing out their abuse while they dragged across the man’s teeth. John forced aside any remorse he might feel as he brought it down again, shouting with the effort it took. In front of him, the omega went still, blessedly knocked unconscious for the time being.
John didn’t have time to see if the other man was out for the count. Instead he scrambled for the weapon, shoving off the omega to get to the gun. His eyes wavered towards the door. If the beta came up the stairs now, he was screwed. It took only that moment's distraction for his opponent to take advantage.
Sherlock truly doubted that.
"Please hold."
This was very much outside of their normal comfort zone.
Strong fingers latched onto his ankle, jerking his knees out from under him. John grunted, kicking back at his attacker in an attempt to dislodge him, his foot meeting nothing but air. His hands madly scrambled for purchase until they grasped the edge of his favorite sitting chair. Clutching the leg, he tried to use it as leverage to get himself out of the omega’s grasp, but only managed to send the chair tumbling onto its side. There was a familiar musical clang as the piece of furniture collapsed sideways, and John gasped, his fingers grasping around thin wood. Hardly a weapon, but it would have to do.
"Is this okay?" Sherlock questioned, dragging his hands up warm skin and slightly soft abs. John's belly jumped under his touch, tense, probably from the nighttime chill that still lingered on Sherlock's fingers.
Sherlock chuckled in relief as he realized that John had the same fears of inadequacy and rejection that Sherlock did.
"Of course not." So he told John of his day. Sparing no detail, he described the ugly warehouse full of captive omega's, growing more and more aggravated. "So...he shot me. But that's not even the worst of it, John! We lost him. The Keeper was nowhere to be found. He was supposed to be there, dammit!" Sherlock snarled.
“Don’t get hurt,” John commanded, later he would take the time to be surprised at his own words. When had Mycroft grown to be more than just an irritating, pompous, annoyance? He didn’t have time for that now though, instead dropping down to a rapid walk as his body started to protest the fast pace.
“What does that even mean?” John asked, stopping to round on Mycroft with a glare. “I regularly have to dispose of human heads from my refrigerator because of your barmy brother. How is this any different?”
“Sherlock?” He watched as slow concern filled John’s eyes, causing the furrow of his brow to wrinkle. Watched as those lips of his turned down into the smallest of frowns. Stepping around the table John settled with one hip cocked against the edge of the tabletop, his “good” leg taking all the weight while his other settled for kicking in the air.
"Come here," Sherlock whispered, lining himself up between the swell of John's ass cheeks and sinking into the seeping wet core of him. John moaned, the sound of his pleasure echoing down the hallway as Sherlock slid home.
Against him John stilled, the soft sounds of pain turning into a last, guttural sigh. Sherlock opened his eyes, moaning a broken sob of despair as the last of the light left John’s eyes. The hand clenching his wrist went lax. “Oh no - John. No.” Sherlock sobbed, wrapping his arms around the thin, fragile shoulders of his partner he dragged the other man’s limp body close, sobbing into the swell of John’s shoulder. His tangled black curls grew damp with the blood that burbled up from John’s open neck. “I’m so sorry-so sorry.” Sherlock moaned, pressing one hand to the back of John’s head to support it against his shoulder.
John rolled his eyes, laughing and slapping at Sherlock’s shoulder. “Don’t be daft.”
The ferocity of August's strength left the detective momentarily stunned,  so that when the young man pulled him close he didn't voice a protest, and instead he was hit by the omega’s sickly scent. This close the smell of illness and infection was strong, though he was able to push those scents aside with the ease of a man who regularly played with pickled bodyparts. It was the utter lack of any other sent, though, that had Sherlock flinching back. Inhaling he took in a lungful of moldy air, nothing. None of the scent indicators of an omega lingered in August. In fact, the blond was a blank nothingness in the room. He had none of the bright sharp scents of an omega, or the soothing barely-there scent of a beta, even the powerful overwhelming alpha scent was strangely lacking. As far as Sherlock’s senses could see, the man did not exist.
It went without being said that it also meant there was a huge chance that he was being watched by someone else other than just Mycroft. “We have arrived at Baker Street now. I want you to go to safe-house three, do you remember where that is?” John grunted into the phone in the affirmative, unable to get words past the aching swell of his throat.
John stared back in stunned silence; his heart was crashing around his ribcage like an injured bird. “What…are you saying?” He whispered, his voice barely escaping past the panic settling in his chest.
So John set out looking for someone, anyone, who had seen or heard from Sherlock in those vital hours before he had gone to the dock. Sherlock’s network was suspiciously absent- he suspected they had booked it when Mycroft’s men came searching. Not giving up, he hounded all the standard back alleys and dens. He checked the underpasses and went into the boroughs of Newham as far as someone dressed as smart as he dared. He'd had to retreat after the occupants of the homeless camps there had shouted at him and thrown a few empty cans, disgruntled at his presence. The familiar faces he had become known to were nowhere to be found. It took three days of combing the streets to finally make contact with one of Sherlock’s network. His search only became fruitful when he came across a young girl named Anya.
“Now, come here and give me a kiss.” He commanded, tugging with long fingers at John’s arm to uncover his face. John complied, but only because he has been wanting the same thing.
Mycroft leaned back against the settee with a sigh, staring at John with quiet, assessing eyes. The doctor was reminded that Mycroft was a Holmes through and through, and therefore saw more than most people. John straightened his spine, trying to look stronger than he felt under the man’s evaluating gaze. He was not confident in what the other man was looking for, but more than willing to prove himself. They both lingered in their respective areas of the parlor, neither one moving, as they considered the problem at hand. When the older Holmes finally spoke up, it was not at all what John was expecting.
The very first omega to go missing had been a young man named Sebastian. Middle-class, with a family and a betrothed who loved him dearly. His kidnapping had been chalked up to a case of cold feet. According to his parents, he'd run away before and had an affection for drugs. Neither of which justified the end result. Running away was not permission to be kidnapped.
“I’ve been injected with something,” John admitted aloud, sniffing his bloodied fingers. “It’s Azaperone probably.” Previous experience told him what the sharp, astringent scent usually meant.
"The fuck? When did August go missing?" Eddington questioned, his ugly scent turning even more rancid with his anger. "Tabitha, look at his damn eyes, is he showing any symptoms?"
For a moment his eyes caught on the queen bed. It was unmade, the maroon duvet tossed haphazardly down the side of the bed to pool on the floor. He’d been the one to leave it that way, after struggling out of bed all those months ago. The fact that the room was still a mess after all this time wasn’t a surprise. John hadn’t dared to clean up the room, and with it, the last moments that he and Sherlock had shared.
“Some alley… Texaco maybe…I’m fine, ‘m fine. I’s not a heavy dose yet.” John’s voice was barely coherent, a distant slur of a heavy tongue on lips, barely there as if he could not keep the phone close to his mouth any longer.
“It’s been month’s Mycroft. Three, fucking, months!” John shouted, interrupting Mycroft with a slash of his hand through the air. He dared not take a seat. Instead, he resorted to pacing the space in front of the fireplace mantel in tight circles.
This one took me a bit, why, you ask? Because it's over twice as long as all of my other chapters, oh my jesus! I hope you enjoyed the extra treat! I just couldn't think of a way to split it up!
He took the omega out at his knees, careful to angle his gun so the bullets would not rip through the floor and injure Mrs. Hudson below.
A swath of chainlink fence surrounded the decrepit eyesore. The two of them had slipped in through a break in the fence that looked suspiciously like wire-cutters had made it. The fence explained one thing, why the authorities had not come to inspect the building on smell alone. The smell, while familiar, made him sick to his stomach. It lingered in the air, raw and real, and like a punch to the sinuses.
He didn’t hear John take the stairs up to his room, the other man seemed to know all the weak spots on the steps and always avoided them. He did hear the upstairs door creak open, and quite rummaging. John returned holding a first aid kit, tossing it at Sherlock with a careless movement that still somehow showed off how easy it was for him to aim the thing.
“Nnnn…” John seemed to be beyond words, his mouth a red slash of panting, hot breaths, chest heaving and eyes closed as he relished the moment. A blush of pink pooled on the tan expanse of his chest, tinging it a lovely shade. Sherlock chuckled the sound dark and warm as John’s finger set to tugging him upwards, pulling at his hair, and then his ears and neck until he was level with John’s head again. He went willingly, pale eyes glinting brightly. “If you don’t get inside of me right now, I swear, I will strangle you.” John managed to vocalize after a moment of catching his breath, his throat no doubt dry from crying out. Sherlock reached for the bottle of brandy on the nightstand on offered it to John, humming his approval as the omega took a moment to swallow down a gulp, lips pursing against the burn. His eyes were sex drunk without the additional alcohol and hazy with need.
- John's PTSD is creeping up.
The theme song for this chapter:
He kept those words in tight to his chest though, there was plenty of time for them to explore this thing they had just started.
As always, feed your damn writers! Kudo's and Comments are appreciated!
Sherlock snorted, not in the mood to please, “Oh hardly, I find it all rather dull. In fact, I’m having a bit of daja vu, I swear I’ve worked a case like this before.”
They chased their combined pleasure higher and higher until John was groaning beneath him, one arm clenched into the swells of pillows above his head, abs a taut line of muscle as his other hand worked up and down his own shaft chasing that final release. Sherlock bowed his head between their bodies, watched the slide and peak of John’s hand as he worked his hand just the way he liked it. The head of his cock peaked from within John’s grasp, reddened and eager, and no doubt aching to the touch.
In his ear the beta scoffed, “I will remind you, darling, I’m a bureaucrat, not a detective. I’m having the rabble do the hard work, the benefits of being in a … managerial position.” John breathes out a pained laugh through his nose. Relieved despite Mycroft’s joking tone, he knew the tall man could defend himself, but he didn’t think he could handle losing another person close to him at the moment.
Against the back of his head Jacob's voice rumbles. “ Ain't that interesting sir." Jacob sounds a little green around the gills, maybe he only likes pain when he's the only one causing it. "You’re doing gods work.”
Not so many gifs in this one, it's a little difficult to actually find ones that suit the scene! Sometimes they fit in so easily, others not so much.
The night was damp and cold, as it tended to be this time of year. His breath fogged from his lips in a billowing gust, disappearing in the humidity of the air in seconds. For once, his mind wasn't on The Work. Even with the leader of the trafficking ring still free, Sherlock had other matters on his mind.
Hours later, Sherlock took the steps from New Scotland Yard two at a time, his long legs carrying him into the darkened twilight of Westminster. After the stagnant warmth of the police headquarters, the city air was almost refreshing. It had been hours since he'd found Sebastian and called the ambulance.
Yay for Sherlock finally getting up the nerve to make John his! Omg for the sex scene. I think that, for as confident as he seems, John is probably shrieking giddy girl screams in his head when Sherlock mauls him. Thus the bit of alcoholic fortification. He needs it to calm those nerves.
Everything up to this moment said that this was the main operations base. There shouldn't have been any way for him to escape. Sherlock
“It’s alright, everything's alright.” Sherlock sobbed, tears spilling down his cheeks and onto John’s face, mixing with his blood in watery trails.
“Shall we get dressed?” He questioned, raising an eyebrow.
Sherlock hopes so, he wanted this case to end, and soon. He’d been drawn from a warm bed and a very receptive, open John that morning. There was no denying he had places he would rather be at the moment. Sherlock felt a slow smile build upon his lips and ducked his head at the memory of their shared moments the night before. He chuckled under his breath as he thought of John, eager, and warm, and oh so pleased with himself by the end of it all.
“Like I’m one of your experiments or something. What part of my anatomy are you thinking 'bout right now?” John mumbled drowsily, humming happily and nuzzling into Sherlock’s neck, his legs and arms doing a good job of helping Sherlock tangle them together.
“Yes?” He questioned, tone bored and laden with annoyance. His head hurt and he had no patience for curious onlookers.
“Lovely.” The words spill from Sherlock’s lips before he even thinks. John blinked, and for the first time a bright flush stained across his cheeks, a shy smile tugging the edge of his lips even as his deep blue eyes flashed away.
"Oh fuck, yes, please." John's head kicked back against the pillows, voice desperate as slick pooled from within him, welcoming the intrusion with ease. Sherlock let off of John's cock with a lurid pop, turning his head to bite at the swell of John's thigh, taking the skin into his mouth with a slow suckle even as he introduced another digit to John's tight body. Wet, choking heat enveloped his fingers, accepting the intrusion with the pull of muscles. Sherlock hummed his appreciation and twisted and worked his long finger in and out in slow thrusts. John arched into his ministrations, his tense belly rolling with each shift of his hips.
They moaned in tandem as Sherlock eased inside with one slow thrust. John took him in with a welcoming flood of slick and twitching muscles. Sherlock watched John's eyes widen with pleasure, felt the hitch of his breath as he bottomed out deep inside the omega. Sherlock's own breath stuttered in his lungs, and he closed his eyes, rocking his forehead against John's as he paused and just
The ringing in his ears died down enough for him to finally catch the sound of Mrs. Hudson screaming, her shrieks growing when she stumbled upon Jermaine’s bloody corpse.
Outside John heard the sound of tires on pavement and checked the window once more. He looked out in time to see a vehicle speed it’s way up the street, heading in his direction.
“Jesus, thanks for reminding a man about his dry ovaries, and right after mind-blowing, life-altering sex too. That brain of yours never rests,” John chuckled, he didn’t seem to be upset, more just playful, and maybe a little bit amazed. Turning his head the omega pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, the gesture letting Sherlock know that John wasn’t offended. It felt butterfly light against Sherlock’s skin. His finger’s carded through Sherlock’s hair, dragging through tangled black locks.
“Obviously, that’s not enough, has there been a ransom, a body, anything? You haven’t picked up your fucking phone or texted." Three month's of almost no contact, with Mycroft on radio silence. If John didn't know better he would have thought he'd just up and imagined the Holmes brothers. It was driving him mad, off the walls bonkers. "Then you send Anthea to do your dirty work." Anthea, he'd practically tried to rip her throat out when the Alpha woman tried to step into his home, into Sherlock's territory. Oh, she'd been lucky to come out with her carotid intact. "How am I supposed to take you at your word?”
John rubbed his blood-streaked hand across his face, nodding his agreement as he moved to push himself away from the wall. His legs gave out before he made it a step, turning to treacherous rubber at the knees. The gun in his hand fell to the ground with a clatter. He grunted as he found himself flat on his ass, the world spinning. “Oh.”
Silence, then a soft put upon sigh. “Come along then. I have some tea and biscuits in the kitchen; we can talk over a cup.” He all but ordered the command sharp on his tongue, though it did not have the power of an Alpha behind it. He might have considered resisting, but somehow John found himself following behind the other man, breathing in slow timed inhales to try and ease the distress that had been unrelenting the last few months.
“Talk to me John.” Mycroft spoke up after a few moments of too long silence and listened with grim intent to the sound of John’s labored breath through the bluetooth headset attached to his ear.
"Jesus Christ..." John croaked in response, a sob leaving his throat. "Hurry up, or I'm going to implode." He whimpered, the moist swell of his channel brushing the head of Sherlock's cock as he sought it out, seemingly more than willing to impale himself than and there.
He thought to himself, feeling a grim sense of foreboding. In his hand the injection device the man had used gleamed. The thing looked like it came straight out of a crappy sci-fi film, all gleaming metal with a small glass window. It was some kind of quick-release injector, the needle, from what he could see, had popped into the syringe immediately after use, safely tucked inside thanks to whatever mechanism controlled that aspect. A quick peer inside showed a thick gauge needle, probably needed to administer the drug quickly. There was something sickening about thinking that someone had jabbed him with that needle without his permission. With the cloudy feeling of shock settling over him he dropped the injector to the ground, unable to hold something so fundamentally wrong.
It is raining. Damp, icy drops falling from the sky in large dribbles that obscured the wooden planks of the dock and have the sky above blending into the River Thames below. The air is winter cold and the skin on his arms tense with goosebumps from it. Combined together it was all rather hideously dreadful, and had Sherlock feeling like a bedraggled alley cat. He scowled down at the docks below him, a dark figure camouflage against a large pylon beam. There is a high degree of certainty that the men below haven’t seen him, if only because they have their hands full at the moment. A line of fifteen men and women, take up most of Eddington’s men's attention. The rain helps too, most plebeians tend to ignore their surroundings when faced with physical discomfort.
If that were to happen, Sherlock was certain it would ruin their friendship. There was no going back after a profession of love. It would stick in John's mind and rip at Sherlock's heart, poisoning their friendship and ruining the little slice of perfection that they had created together.
"That looks like a bite mark." Eddington took three steps back, his voice rising in alarm. The medic ignored them. She was probably intimately familiar with dealing with this virus. "How'd he get bit?" He asked Colt, the question seeming to be rhetorical since a moment later he was turning back to Sherlock, "Holmes? How did you get bit?"
John was just as eager to explore, his hands seeking out Sherlock's skin, his lips tasting along Sherlock's collarbone and across his pectorals. Murmuring his approval, he sought out Sherlock's sex. Sherlock hissed as hands wrapped around his cock, and dragged down the length of him in a slow burn, his grip light like he was very much aware of the lack of lubricant. It felt good, the rough grip of gun-calloused fingers. John moaned in his ear, fingers tracing the tip of Sherlock's head, exploring the length of him with slow strokes and impatient fingers. Sherlock's breath hitched at the feel of flesh on his most intimate parts, moving downward to linger over the slight bulge of his knot and then lower, to where he squeezed Sherlock's sack, fingers eagerly seeking the scent gland hidden just behind. Sherlock choked, shocked at how willing John was to mark himself in Sherlock's scent. Sherlock found himself muttering under his breath, whispered words of endearment and need, the sharp smell of his alpha pheromone's bleeding into the air to mingle with John's.
"Sherlock!?" Lestrade's voice echoed through the small room. Sherlocked heaved a gasp of relief, backing away to give himself some space.
"Again?! You're going to run me to the ground, you beast." He mocked, his body saying something different, where the thick jut of his cock stood out between the folds of the sheets.
“This will make our work much simpler if we can get that buffoon off our back. Take him to my office, and leave him with my guards, we have need for you on the field.” Sherlock’s hair is released and he let his head flop down on pendulum of his neck.
Forgot the gifs dangit! They're added, sorry about that!
Otherwise, they were empty of any further information. Empty.
an alpha." John panted, biting his lower lip, the muscles of his neck distended as he dug his head back into the pillow. Sherlock snorted. He was well aware of his secondary gender.
John didn’t dare waste a moment, dropping the violin, he sent himself scrambling to one knee. The gun lie where he’d last seen it, strewn across the floor in their fight. He reached for it, the butt of the weapon slipping into his palm with a weighty heft that was comfortingly familiar.
His own line of thought was much the same. He had, in the past, attempted to tell John his feelings, three times now, to be exact. Three times he had worked up the courage to tell John exactly what his heart said, and three times he'd shoved those damned emotions down deep, like the ridiculous drivel that they were. Useless emotions that muddle up The Work.
https://archiveofourown.org/works/23749243/chapters/57038275
Sherlock closed his eyes, relishing the moment. A moment he honestly had never thought he would get to have. "To be honest, I am surprised we just did that," Sherlock admitted, running his hand through John's sweat-dampened locks in return. His fingers shook in the aftermath of their coming together, uncertainty coming back now that the heat of the moment had passed.
Dread settled into Mycroft’s belly like a twisting serpent, heavy and poisonous. There was no way to communicate with John what he had just seen. The phone was out of John’s reach.
"Oh, I'm sorry, darling. I didn't mean to." John rolled his eyes, waving his hands about to disperse the scent in the air. "Omega instincts. Can't help it." He admitted, looking very chagrined.
Popping up the collar of his jacket in an attempt further shield his face from view he ducked his head, attempting to hide in plain sight. It seemed to work, to an extent. John’s short stature made it easy to slip further into the masses unnoticed, and though he could hear shouting in the distance, nobody seemed to directly be seeking him out.
Writing inspiration for this chapter was the song An Evening I Will Not Forget by Dermot Kennedy
“You’re definitely going to need a jab for that, it’s already pretty infected. Maybe stop by Bart’s tomorrow, Mike should be around.” John muttered absently, snapping his glove off.
“John, what just happened?” Mycroft was still listening in, though his question went unnoticed.
On the floor were multiple metal fixtures drilled into the concrete, corner braces that possibly once held up walls, or some type of dividers. They lined the floor in large squares, one after another, so that if John tilted his head just right, he could visualize the walls they once created.
The strands were a blond so close to the color of John's that it made Sherlock flinch. He forced himself forward to bring the young man closer into the ray of the torchlight. This close, the smell of fear had descended in a cloud around him; the scent growing stronger as Sherlock sank onto his haunches beside him and reached out to gently tug down the arm that Sebastian hid behind.
“Hmm… is that so.” Almost absently he looked down, his eyes catching on the busted soles of the omega’s shoes. Lifting his umbrella Mycroft used the point to press on the toe of Mr.Bate’s shoe, twisting the bottom of his foot up into the yellow light coming from the overhead fixture. “Ah….that would explain things,” Mycroft spoke over Eric’s shrieks of pain as his tendons pulled on traumatized tissue.
That reduced his chances astronomically.
Mycroft scoffed, the sound barely audible, but there. “You’ve been favoring your arm for the last three days. Yesterday you almost shot that poor chap in the back just for dropping a trashcan lid to loud. Today your limp is back, though you haven’t seemed to notice yet.”
His thoughts lose their sharpness, but he’s aware enough to know there is no further information he can glean from this man. He’s just the delivery driver.
"Being John's friend is better than not having John at all," Sherlock spoke to the ornate old-style lamps that lined the peer, to the inky blue river that taunted him. Dragging in a slow, deep breath, he filled his lungs with the chilled night air and slowly exhaled, pushing down the panic and fear seeing Sebastian had brought to the surface. "Being John's friend is better than not having John at all," He repeated, the words painful but true.
“Oh.” A final thought occurred to him and he bent his tall form to peer into the cab as he thought of something else. “Anthea, if you would be so good as to look into whoever took over my cameras it would be much appreciated. Why don’t you take care of that personally.” She looked up from her notes, an expression of indecent delight overtaking her features. She did so love when her assignments were up close and personal. He had no doubt she would take care of the problem and bring it to a neat and tidy end. Anthea, despite what her appearance and her current job description said, was a highly-skilled bodyguard and assassin. She might appear unassuming and disinterested, but behind that vague exterior was a sharp mind, and an even sharper blade.
“Mycroft, you still there?” John questioned one hand trailing along the brick wall of the 221 complex the other keeping his gun down at his side, but at the ready. Peering upwards he caught sight of one of the CCTV cameras, the relief at seeing it pointed in his direction almost palpable. Another thing to be thankful for, the ever pestering Mycroft and his constant spying.
John seemed to give in to some inner need and dropped his hold in Sherlock's hair, instead using his palms as he hopped up onto the table, shimmying onto the wood with a roll of his hips. Sherlock moved with him, dropping his hands to grip the back of John's legs and help him up. Moaning his approval, John spread his legs to give Sherlock room to ease between them.
Sherlock sighed as John abandoned his lips to mouth down the length of his neck, leaving a trail of hot kisses, punctuated by soft sounds as Sherlock took advantage of his spread legs to meet him and grind their cloth-covered sexes together. Sherlock tucked his mouth against the side of John's head, tonguing lightly at the lobe of John's ear, nose pressed to the scent gland just behind it.
Poor Sherlock isn't feeling very well right about now. I've also introduced a few new characters. I really like Colt! He's fun to write, straight to the point, and kinda awesome. I got some strong COVID vibes while writing this. Colt's reaction to finding out Sherlock might be infected is the same as mine every time someone comes near me in the store.
Underneath all the desperate need he was expecting John to jerk away, or maybe to go still in his arms, stunned. What he didn’t expect was for fingers to fist into the locks of his hair and yank him down further bowing his shoulders until he was enveloping John’s more compact frame with his own. The move was just as desperate and had all of the need that Sherlock felt.
Sherlock choked, jerking his head back to scowl at the omega with disdainful eyes. "Do try not to bring my brother in the bedroom. But yes, I'm sure the very idea would confound him. He'd have a stroke, no doubt." John laughed, deep in his belly.
Sherlock couldn't resist the urge to turn his lips to that dripping, wet entrance. His tongue dipped down, the taste of sweet honeydew and omega bursting onto his tastebuds as he tasted John's hole, tongue easing into the hot core of him, dipping inside and working alongside his fingers. He tasted like heaven, a cocktail of sweet, sweet desire spilling down Sherlock's tongue.
Comments and kudo's so I survive until next chapter!
The spill of alcohol against the broken, inflamed skin had Sherlock jerking away. “Dammit John, careful!” Sherlock snarled, baring his fangs in distaste. John’s lips lifted in response, showing off smaller fangs, not giving in to the dominance display in the least. Sherlock wanted to tongue at the barely-there canine’s, lick at the hard protrusions with his soft tongue. Instead he watched deft, latex covered fingers dab and squeeze and manipulate the folds of broken skin, baring through the ache until John seemed confident in a job well done. The omega ignored Sherlock’s protests, tutting under his breath as he slapped on some antibiotic cream and taped the whole lot up.
There was a growing list of at least one-hundred missing men and women that had been abducted, taken off the street, or from their homes, never to be seen again. Not one mistake, not one escapee, out of more than one-hundred people. That success rate was admirable in Sherlock's eyes, though he wouldn't say so out loud, for the fear that John would kill him for being cold.
“Talk to me John.” The command in Mycroft’s tone had John blinking the star’s from his vision.
working with civilian authorities since a neighbor called before we could block transmissions coming out of the area.”
“Tell me where you are, I’ll come to you.” Mycroft spoke up around the sound of John’s labored breathing.
John was just as eager to explore, his hands seeking out Sherlock’s skin, his lips tasting along Sherlock’s collarbone and across his pectorals. Murmuring his approval he sought out Sherlock’s sex, and Sherlock hissed as hands wrapped around his cock, and dragged down the length of him in a slow burn, his grip light like he was very much aware of the lack of lubricant.   John moaned in his ear, fingers tracing the tip of Sherlock's head, exploring the length of him with slow strokes and impatient fingers. Sherlock's breath hitched at the feel of flesh on his most intimate parts. He found himself muttering under his breath, whispered words of endearment and need.
"I'll just dose him up again, and be on my way." The glee in Jason's voice would have been disturbing to everyday people; Sherlock found it intriguing. Sadists were always so fascinating.
This chapter represents the beginning of something more between Mycroft and John. Yes, we have a few plot moving twists, we finally find some of the locations Sherlock had been investigating previously. Also, we find out were our dear alpha was taken down. But the main thing is that Mycroft seems to be stepping in as a Beta should, trying to comfort John. We're beginning to Mycroft open up alittle!
Only when he thought he was well and truly alone did he drop his headlong rush. Breathing a sigh of relief he slowed down to catch his breath. He prided himself in his stamina, but for a man who had been leaning on a toilet and puking up his guts just an hour before, even this was above and beyond what he had the energy for.
A thrill of excitement made the hairs on Sherlock's neck stand up. He did so love the chase, and this one was
"We're not mated, Lestrade." Did he sound disappointed at that? He supposed he must. John Watson was the bane of his very existence...in the best way possible. "He can do what he pleases. Which, according to him, is night shifts at the A&E...so..." It was hard to hide his frustration. He knew John had a life and sometimes maybe needed some space, but damn it if he felt just a little bit empty whenever the omega was gone.
It was all primal instinct, age-old base animal need. Omega males were notoriously infertile, with the chance of procreation less than one percent in unbonded males. Even a happy, healthy omega, in their prime, and bonded to an alpha, would have trouble becoming with child. Omega biology was quite fascinating, they'd evolved to bare children, only for there own anatomy to betray them and make it impossible to do so.
"I was just thinking about the scientific data on male omega reproductive systems," Sherlock admitted against the shell of John's ear. John groaned, one hand slapping against the top of Sherlock's head. Sherlock flinched, even though the touch was light enough, and scowled, he ducked his face into the scoop of John's neck to get away from John's teasing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLqPMT8MaiA
John's eyes widened, and the crook of his arm squeezed tight around Sherlock's forearm as he shifted back and away from the sudden swelling. "Shhh...easy." Sherlock gasped out, pressing kisses over John's love-bitten thighs. John's features twisted with discomfort for a moment before going lax with ecstasy as the second wave of his orgasm hit, easing the way for Sherlock's knot.
"Had a spot of trouble, boss," Colt admitted from his position by Sherlock. There was another flash, and then the older man was turning his phone screen for Eddington to examine.
What had they just done? Would it last? Could they make this new thing work? Change was terrifying. What's more, neither of them was very good at it. He couldn't recall the last time he'd seen John buy something new at the grocery. It was always the same staples, picked with exacting precision. He himself struggled even to go into a new restaurant, and they had the same five takeout menus for the last four years. Unchanging. Maybe unchangeable?
"Fuck!" Sherlock reached for his pen, yanking it from the base of Brody's throat and shoving him to the side with an arc of glistening red blood. The move sent Brody's body falling to the side. There was the sharp sound of a gunshot, and the man's head exploded in a shower of brain matter that blasted onto the ceiling and walls and across Sherlock's front.
Recognizing one's mortality was always a bit of a downer, recognizing the mortality of the man he had been harboring feelings for during the past two or more years was possibly worse.
"I-I...don't know." Sebastian flinched from him, jerking his hand out of Sherlock's hold. He was lying. Sherlock could tell that much. Though he supposed one might not like to think about five years of captivity. "Please help, please. I need a doctor." He croaked, voice cracking as he reached for Sherlock, fingers twisting in the lapels of the alpha's jacket. His grip was shockingly weak where his finger tugged on the hem of Sherlock's coat. The scent he let off doubled, overwhelming in its intensity.
Torch at his side, Sherlock peered from room to room, searching for something, anything. The first room was a restroom, complete with a shower and toilet. The water worked, as proved by a flush of the toilet with one gloved finger. Peeling back the shower curtain, Sherlock furrowed his brow at the warm, almost homey appearance.
"Can't blame a man for trying." Sherlock choked through clenched teeth, the tendons of his neck distended from the pain as he struggled not to scream. His leg was on fire, two matching points of pain that radiated through bone and muscle tissue.
"Alright, I've got this. Go upstairs." Lestrade ordered.
The sounds of Sherlock getting ready lulled him into a drowsy half-sleep. He listened to the scuffle of the other man moving through his closet and putting on his clothes. The splash of water on the bathroom sink and the sound of shoes being kicked into place were familiar enough that he barely noticed them, despite the fact he wasn’t in his bed.
-We find out that Mycroft has been hiding a whole bunch from John
With slow, careful movements, he inched his hand outward. He needn't have worried, Colt couldn't see him, and Brody was already absorbed in his phone once more. The cool metal touched his skin, and he used is middle and forefinger to grasp the hard contours of it, dragging it back until he could palm the metal. Real gold, to heavy for aluminum, the weight of it significant despite its size.
“Alright, that’s not going to work, best go to Tesco’s and get some tablets.” He groused, forcing himself upright. It’d been like this for weeks, his stomach rebelling at even the mention of food. Mycroft’s ginger digestives being the sole exemption so far. He was more than certain he had an ulcer at this point, brought on by the stress of losing Sherlock and the near-constant search for the other man. If he had the time he’d, head over to Bart’s and get Mike to give him a proper script, but there was too much to do, and not enough time to do it. So instead, he sucked it up, suffering through the bouts of nausea with nary a compliment.
"Oh god, I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" Came a panicked gasp, followed by the clack of a gun hitting concrete. Sherlock's light caught the glint of metal as it slid into view. "Please. I thought you were them!"
It does hurt though, tremendously, and it’s probably best not to let himself linger too long with the other alpha.
- Mycroft's defiantly hiding something, he does not want John involved.
So focused on John and John alone, like he was something precious, important, and he knew he couldn’t give up. Sherlock loved him, and he loved Sherlock.  Neither of them had the chance to say so out loud, and John had to make sure they got that chance.
"Calming me down. Not a moment ago, I was ready to go out looking for more clues."
Sherlock stood on the sidewalk outside an old and ugly bricked apartment building. His eyes scanned the boarded-up windows, examined with a critical eye the seams of mortar, the mildewed siding, and rotting shutters. All in all he would say the location was pretty on par with every other location he’d been to this week. Which was to say, it was run down, and one step away from being considered a hazard to society. Why it hadn't' been red-tagged and closed up was beyond him. The last time he had come across one of these buildings with running electricity had been weeks ago.
"Right."
John listened with rapt attention as the puzzle piece fell into place. Mycroft described how he’d called Sherlock that morning, three months ago, and urged his younger brother to go to the dock. There had been some developing action, an unmarked cargo ship that seemed out of place. “Of course, I had him go observe, but when it was time for him to check-in, he never did,” Mycroft explained with a sigh, tapping his nails against the table, the only indication that what he was saying in any way affected him.
John chuckled, his elbows slipped out from underneath him as he slumped bonelessly on the table. His chest rose and fell in rapid gasps. Taking in a calming breath, he seemed to consider the ceiling for a moment, "Not before you buy a lad a drink, right?" He lifted his head from the table and gave Sherlock a mischievous raise of his eyebrow. The pale length of his foot lifted up and shoved at Sherlock playfully, taking away any sting the words might have had.
His head is starting to ache, a slow-building feverish pain that makes him wish for a cup of tea and a nice warm fire. He pushed aside the discomfort in favor of the case. There would time later to deal with an encroaching cold when people weren’t being taken off the street and used for medical experimentation.
“They’re here.” He snapped into the microphone with clipped words, cutting off Mycroft’s greeting. His voice sounded rough and gritty to his ears, and it hurt to speak. He could already feel the bruising around his throat from were the omega had strangled him.
"It's him!" Sherlock shouted into the speaker of his phone, not caring if Mrs. Hudson heard.
-What's up with those pesky stomach troubles? I'm sure we all know, just check out the tags, but I'm a writer dammit, it will all come in due time!
“-ocus John, Focus!” The older Holmes’ normally monotone voice was sharp and commanding, breaking through John’s panic. The hand at his neck squeezed down, anchoring John to that moment in time just as an alphas would. Sherlock rarely needed to use his alpha dominance to comfort John, but when he did, it was like a soothing balm, easing the edges off of horrible situations and dragging John down to a calmer mind space. Whatever Mycroft was doing, it was close enough to the real thing to leave John feeling grounded just by the placebo effect.
“Oh, is my omega shy?” Sherlock crooned, his voice far too deep to take on such a high tone.
“Hello, Emergency Service operator. Which service do you require?” The phone picked up, a generic women’s voice answering on the other side of the line.
They kissed long and slow, exploring each other with tongues that tasted of brandy and hands that felt like fire on the skin, hot and achingly familiar, for all that they have never done this before. How many times had he imagined clutching his hands around the swell of John's arse? The press of his fingertips against dark nipples. The touch of his tongue against the omega's skin?
John’s eyes widened and the crook of his arm squeezed tight around Sherlock’s forearm as he shifted back and away from the sudden swelling. “Shhh love, easy.” Sherlock gasped out, pressing kisses over John’s love bitten thigh. Watching as John's features twisted with discomfort for a moment before going lax with ecstasy as the second wave of his orgasm hit, easing the way for Sherlock’s knot. Sherlock panted through that aching spasm of muscles, moaning along with John as they road through the pleasured spasms of John’s channel. It was gentler this time, no seed spilling from the omega, just biology attempting to insure procreation as omega muscles clamped down around alpha knot.
A single window lit up the room with the bright afternoon sun, showing every gory detail. Blood, blood was everywhere, coating the ceiling in sharp lines of rust red, and then leaking in drips onto the office desk below it. He could see large swaths of it puddled on the floor, collecting in the hollows of the concrete. Papers and various office supplies scattered across the floor in utter chaos. There, in the center of it all was a hideously noticeable drag mark, the shape of it long and thin. He thought he saw the impression of curls marring the bloody surface right where ahead would have landed.
Colt grunted a sound of disgust; the feeling seemed to encompass most of his coworkers. "Come off it, have a little bit of class." Came the response. "'Sides, he's not supposed to be tough, he's supposed to be smart." There came the sound of leather creaking followed by the drop of an arse onto a soft cushion. That seemed to grab Bordy's attention letting off of his shoe.
Vivid blue eyes, bloodshot, and wide with fear met his. Eyes so like John’s, but filled with anxiety and misery. Sherlock starred into those fearful orbs in stunned fascination. Logic told him it wasn’t the same man. He’d left John sitting at home that morning, drinking his tea and eating beans on toast, as was his tendency. He had just returned from an all-night shift and the fog of exhaustion that usually accompanied him after a night at the A&E had hung heavy on his shoulder. The chance of him leaving the house before five was in the lower tenth percentile. Which meant the chance of John being here, in this state were even lower. Yet the similarities were striking.
“Listen, Mycroft, you either help me, or I will do it on my own until I get caught.” John snapped into the phone the moment it picked up. He was met with silence on the other line, then a soft, put upon sigh.
John cringed at the sound of defeat in Mycroft’s voice. The lack of hope weighed on John for a moment. How could he give up on someone so important to him? Sherlock was the backbone of their ragtag group, the buzzing center to everything they were. For John, envisioning a future without Sherlock was like thinking of a world without air. Suddenly, he couldn’t breathe at the mere thought, his lungs seizing in a panic that had stars racing across his vision. Swaying in his seat, his heart raced with the utter fear of losing Sherlock for good.
There was a growing list of at least 100 missing men and woman that had been abducted, taken off the street or from their homes, never to be seen again. Not one mistake, not one escapee, out of more than one-hundred people. That success rate was remarkable in Sherlock’s eyes.
Taking out his phone he typed a rapid message and hit send.
"What? You two haven't left each other's side in years, and I haven't seen him going on a month. What am I supposed to think?" Lestrade protested, shifting on his ankles to peer up and over the edge of the car, his eyes flashing with the reflection of the lightning above. "So...did you have a falling out?"
Sherlock scowled at the bare concrete floor as he was dragged bodily across it, a slight grin playing across his cheeks as the cabby, Jason, huffed and puffed his way down the hall. Sherlock was no lightweight, despite his thin frame, and we were taller than the alpha by at least six inches. It made him unwieldy, and he was just petty enough to be pleased about it. When Jason finally made it to the office, there was a bit off a scuffle as he struggled with the doorknob, until he finally managed to get the door open with a well-placed kick.
“So what brought all this on Mister Holmes?” John called from the other room, voice drowsy and thoughtful.
Mycroft’s hand tightened on the wooden handle to his umbrella, he had already considered bringing Lestrade in, but the list of people who he had working this case was dwindling rapidly. There was a high degree of likelihood that if he brought in anyone else to try and takedown Eddington, they would end up dead.
Sherlock blinked, turning away from the mirror and heading back to the room with feet that slapped lightly against the wood floor. "I met your twin today." He admitted as he stepped back into the room and handed the square of cloth over to John.
Mycroft reached for his phone end pressed the mute button on his side of the conversation. “God-fucking-dammit!” John’s fearful last words rang in his ears and his fist crashed against the hard metal of the door frame. It was a rare outburst of pure emotion that broke through his normally cool exterior. It had him seeing red, his normally subtle scent bursting hot with cinnamon and sharp rosemary. In the camera footage, he saw the taxi pull away and dropped his head to his hand attempting to gain back some kind of composure.
As the ambulance's peeled out, Sherlock was free to roam. To look for the next clues that would finally finish all this horrible business. The soles of Sherlock's oxfords scrapped across dark, oil-stained cement, his long legs deftly avoiding the worst of it as he came to a stop outside the old and ugly brick building. His eyes scanned the boarded-up windows, examined with a critical eye the seams of mortar, the mildewed siding, and rotting shutters. The warehouse was decrepit and one step away from being considered a hazard to society. Why it hadn't been red-tagged and closed up was beyond him.
He barely made it past the beta’s cooling corpse before he was being summoned.
In return, John's hands shifted from his arms and chased across the flat planes of Sherlock's belly, exploring over the boney edge of his hips. His fingers felt like heaven when they dug into Sherlock's back, clinging to the muscles there. Simultaneously, a warm tongue danced across Sherlock's collarbone, omega fangs nipping at the skin at the base of his neck. Close, so close to the scent gland at Sherlock's throat. If John turned just a little, those teeth would dig in tight, marking Sherlock as his mate for life. The mere thought had Sherlock's hips hitching, his breath catching in his throat.
But, oh how the plot thickens! I promised dear Sherlock wouldn't become a zombie, and now we know why!
“Cedric’s on it.”
“John-”
“Well, then what can I do for you today, Jo-"
“Holy! Sherlock!” John choked in surprise, hips hitching as Sherlock forced them to still. He tasted of soap and clean, warm skin; the hairs at the base of his cock tickled Sherlock’s nose. His hand twisted in Sherlock’s hair and alternated between tugs and slow caresses as he moaned out terms of endearment and appreciation that devolved quickly into curses and then nothing but heady gasps and sobbing breaths. His leg was slung over Sherlock’s shoulder, anchoring him to Sherlock.
Exhaust smoke bellowed out around him, mugging up his vision for a moment. His sight was so obscured that he didn’t see the man in front of him until he barreled right into him. His face collided with the hard width of a strangers chest.
“Bloody hell.” John croaked, almost dropping the phone of his shoulder. Mycroft made a questioning noise in his ear, no doubt wondering what John was doing.
John snorted into his teacup and tried not to choke to obscenely. “My god, Mycroft Holmes just told me a joke. I must be delusional.” John chuckled, the sound halfhearted at best. He reached for his other biscuit and nibbled on the edge. The second one went down just as well as the first. That was a relief. Feeling tolerablly comfortable, considering the company, he eased back in his chair, eyes staring into his cup of tea.
“Ah, there you are.”Mycroft hummed, confirming his guess a moment later.
Mycroft sighed in relief, watching the grainy, black and white video as John practically flopped into the vehicle. The omega's legs gave out for a moment, and the only thing that kept him up was his death grip on the taxi hood and door.
A nonverbal grunt of approval was the only acknowledgment Colt gave, the sound rattling in his throat. The feel of the needle receding from his skin was a relief, and he dropped his head forward again as his hair was released.
John watched with rapt fascination, palming the stiff swell of his sex and dropping back against the pillows with a needy sigh.
It took two strides to make it across the room and bring himself up into John’s space, taking the omega’s outstretched palm and tugging him close. His other hand slipped upward, sliding over the swell of John’s jaw to yank the blond’s head up so he could see John warm features, bright and stunning. He caught a glimpse of John’s eyes widening in shocked surprise before he was bending his taller form down and pressing their lips together in a desperate clash of teeth and soft warm lips.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in return and watched as John hopped off the table on a fighter's light feet, his cock bouncing in the sling of his briefs. "Sounds only proper." Sherlock followed him into a standing position and reached out, tugging John into a kiss before he could turn away. John sighed in appreciation, moving in close, his fingers deftly unbuttoned Sherlock's plum-colored top. He then preceded to yank it free from the waistband of Sherlock's trousers. Sherlock sucked in a breath as his skin hit cool air. John's murmur of approval hit low in his belly as the older man stepped back and admired his handiwork, one palm reaching up to caress Sherlock's nipple and down the length of his belly, hot and warm. A brand to the skin, a claim directly from John's hand.
John stared at the other man, his brow furrowing in shock. “You don’t just “dabble” in human trafficking.” He whispered, his eyes flickering from the older Holmes to the bowl of fruit as he tried to get his head around the idea.
“Hey! Stop right there, ya little fuckin’ shit.” John looked up, feeling resigned as a shadow blocked the doorway, the beta, Jermaine, stepped into the room, a nasty scowl twisting his face into a mask of anger.
I'll give the link once I start posting the new story!
“Shhh shhh shhh sweetheart. Don’t talk.” Dropping his head down he pressed their foreheads together, squeezed the swells of Johns's throat in an attempt to stop all the blood.
“What?!” He snaps into the phone, rolling his eyes at John by way of an apology for the interruption. John groans at the sound of Mycroft’s voice on the other side of the line.
-Remember the name August from the television program Mycroft was hearing? Keep that in mind.
Mycroft’s voice was a distant hum compared to the keening sound of his own blood in his ears. John shook his head, attempting to clear it and remember exactly where he was, “Some alley… Texaco maybe…” He knew what he was saying didn’t make sense, but his brain and his mouth were having difficulty lining up. “I’m fine, ‘m fine. I’s not a heavy dose yet.” If John’s voice slurred he hardly noticed. Molasses slow he managed to get back to his feet. Using the wall for balance he struggled to get one foot in front of the other and made it to the end of the alley.
Now he was as wet as a clam too.
“Get out of there John!” Mycroft’s voice echoed in the ruined space of his living room.
She sighed, “It’s not what I’ve found. It’s what was sent to me.” Brow wrinkled with concern she flipped it over to face him. In high color detail on the screen was an unconscious John Watson. His skin was a lurid display of deep purple and harsh red. Around his neck Mycroft could see the outline of a choke line. The omega was a beaten and bruised remnant of what he looked like the day before. By John’s head was a note, written in jagged red marker on yellowing paper.
“Taken care of it? John. What do you mean? Why is there screaming?” Mycroft’s voice grew sharp with alarm.
Sherlock thought, pale eyes flashing over the trash-strewn floor. Old trays of food, with flies and spiders making their home among them. Needles, countless needles tossed about with no care where they landed. It told a story, a sad, ugly story, but one which held no clues as to the whereabouts of the Keeper.
He let those words reiterate as a mantra in the forefront of his mind as he took his feet towards the Underground subway. It helped, it reminded him exactly why he hadn’t confessed up to this moment, reminded him that only an imbecile would throw away years of a solid platonic relationship for a twenty-five percent chance of something more.
The scent of cinnamon grew tenfold, causing the men that were tending to the injured omega to jerk their heads up in unison. Mycroft breathed through his nose, pushing down those wretchedly human feelings to deal with later. Stepping forward he lets his umbrella click sharply against the wooden floor and stopped in front of the downed omega. Clinically he eyed the pool of blood gathered around the man’s prone form, emanating from two very obvious gunshot wounds, one to each knee. It was only thanks to two makeshift tourniquets that the man had not bleed out and died yet.
“Turn on your torch.” John commended. He didn’t want to put down his gun, not when he couldn’t be sure what lay waiting in the darkness. He waited impatiently, rocking on his heels, as the older man swapped his umbrella for his phone and flipped through to turn on the app. The glaring LED light flared brightly for a moment, making John hiss and cringe away. Once his eyes were adjusted, he caught sight of a closed door. Heart leaping, he reached out, twisting the handle using the sleeve of his jumper until the door creaked open on old hinges.
On the screen of his laptop was a display of a map with London’s street cameras marked off, each camera had a red or green light displayed next to it to indicate its functionality and/or accessibility. Currently the Marylebone area was a display of bright red dots that shouldn’t exist. Mycroft was green lit to access any and all city surveillance systems as long as they were physically functional. The likelihood of every camera in the area going down all at once was as close to zero as it could get.
It was useless, primal instinct, age-old, base, animalistic need. Omega males were notoriously infertile if unbonded. And even a happy, healthy omega, in their prime and bonded to an alpha, would have trouble becoming with child. It took years of building up a relationship. Trust and understanding for an omega male to carry a child. Omega biology was quite fascinating in that way.
“Won’t you leave it John?” He questioned, keeping his eyes on the box as he broke it free of the packaging. He couldn’t bring himself to explain how it made him want to growl, watching John remove the traces
"Look at you like what?" Sherlock questioned, not bothering to feel offended, instead just following John's orders and dropping down to wrap himself around the omega in a warm tangle of limbs.
“Sherlock?” John could not help the tone of hope in his voice as he followed the tantalizing whiff of alpha. It took a moment to find the origin point. Then he saw it, shrouded in the shadows, a side exit that was almost invisible from their vantage point. Unthinking, he stumbled down the darkened hallway towards what he could only imagine was the Foreman’s office. The floor was dirty and sticky under his feet, crackling against the sole of his shoe with every step. He wrinkled his nose in disgust, turning back to see Mycroft’s hazy figure not far behind him.
“John Watson, you have quite the mouth on you like this.” Sherlock grinned, biting the band to John’s briefs, one hand supporting the arch of John’s back, the other sliding against the rigid swell of his cock, seeking the outline of its shape, thick and hard to the touch.
John enveloped him with slick warmth, and they moaned in tandem as Sherlock eased inside with one slow thrust. John took him in with a welcoming flood of slick and twitching muscles. Sherlock watched John’s pupils blow wide with pleasure, felt the hitch of his breath as he bottomed out deep inside the omega. Sherlock’s own breath stuttered in his lungs and he closed his eyes, rocking his forehead against John’s as he paused and just
Slowly John lowered his still warm weapon from his position crouched on the floor of his flat. It had been expedient, and he had used it to his advantage, lifting the gun and pulling the trigger before the man had a chance to realize what was coming.  He hadn’t even needed to cock it, the bullet flying free with little more than a press of the trigger. Experienced marksmen that he was, he did not dare to take his eyes off the man’s still standing corpse. He watched with unwavering eyes as the beta swayed, blood leaking from the hole in the center of his head and dripping down his cheeks like tears. His corpse stumbled, still receiving those last signals from the brain, before his knees buckled, sending his body falling backward and tumbling down the landing with a heavy thump.
“Right, that I did.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out ten pounds, handing it over without a fuss. He wouldn’t deny the kid the money, even if she had no information to give him. The fact that all of Sherlock’s homeless network had been mysteriously absent every time Mycroft’s posh crew had gone looking wasn’t lost on him. He was rather pleased one of them had finally chosen to show themselves, to him no less. He also wasn’t looking to burn the only bridge he’d found before he crossed it.
"Tell me when your ready, John." Sherlock purred as he adjusted fingers in the blond until he rubbed that sweet spot deep inside that had John shouting and tensing beneath him. Thinking critically, Sherlock set to spreading John with a third finger. Those tight muscles resisted at first, clenching around the new intrusion. John whimpered, his biceps flexing where his fingers clenched in the pillow, his hips hitching as he spread his legs, making room for Sherlock's fingers. "That's it, open up for me, omega."
John shrugged, his face twisting with worry. “I need to know something, Mycroft. What job was he working on? He wouldn’t tell me, said it would upset me.” John admitted, starring down into the dregs of his teacup. “When he left, he didn’t tell me where he was going. We were supposed to meet up for lunch.” He closed his eyes at the memory of that last blur of Sherlock’s Belstaff before it disappeared around the door jam. He should have gone after the other man. Why did he have to listen to Sherlock's damn persuasive baritone? It had sounded like a fantastic idea, sleeping in and taking a bit of a rest after weeks of hard work. If he had just
A turned-over chair and the muddy shoe prints lead him back into the depths of the building. He followed the muddy footprints to the back of the room, where a staircase led upward. Tracing the evidence, he took the stairs two at a time, emerging onto the second-story landing.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at that, undoing the cuffs to his shirt so he could shrug it off his shoulders and drop it into the curve of his palm. As an afterthought he turned back to the flat door and took the few steps to send the lock home on the door. “You have a point, but ‘shag,’ really John?” He questioned and raised his voice so John could hear him from the other room. He tried to sound casual, even though his mind was on fire with the fact that he and John were becoming…something. He’d need more data to give this new level to their relationship a label.
Nini's Rambles:
His eyes flickered over the tossed books on the floor and the open window. He closed it before he made his way over to the side-table drawer and slid it open. As he had expected, John’s gun sat in the drawer, tucked in among old pill bottles and of all things, a fox skull. Taking the gun he checked the safety before sliding it into the back of his trousers, the back of his suit-jacket hiding the bulge from sight.
The gorilla of a man paused outside the automobile, a gun visible through the tight fit of his shirt as he looked around, checking for threats. Sherlock stayed where he was, unmoving, as did the rest of the team. Though they did not have much to worry about. There was a high degree of certainty that the men wouldn't see him. The rain would take care of that. Never had he been more grateful for a rainy day in London.
John lay sprawled on the bed, completely nude and displayed in all his glory. He was nothing but well-used muscles and sun-kissed skin; he looked like a lured picture picked right from Sherlock's deepest fantasies. The omega's cock rested ruddy and heavy against his belly and bobbed slightly under the weight of Sherlock's gaze.
He could not bring himself to cast them out though, they lingered in his mind like seeping poison, making his heart pulse high and hot in his throat, and his tongue dry out in his mouth. Closing his eyes to the night sky he tried to breathe past that unfamiliar feeling.
"Solved your case?" John questioned, his bare feet backing down the hallway.
"Brilliant!" Leaning across the space between them, Sherlock captured John's lips, kissing him. "You brilliant, brilliant omega. I'll be back."
-Mycroft seems to know a bit more about baby's existence than he's been letting on.
“It’s intramuscular, mid-neck. I-shit-I have ten, maybe fifteen minutes before I’m out like a light. Unless it nicked one of my cervical arteries than it’s five minutes tops.” John struggled through the math. He knew from experience that tranquilizer darts were in no way as quick-acting as they showed in the movies, but there were too many factors to consider. If the needle hit an artery, and therefore, his bloodstream he’d be out in minutes. However, if it struck his muscle it would take longer to reach his bloodstream and take him down.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes. Obviously." Sherlock gasped, leaving the beta to it. He was less susceptible to omega hormones, and Sebastian was releasing them like it was heat-season.
(See the end of the chapter for
Soon enough, a line of fifteen men and women stumbled from the cramped confines, whimpering and flinching from the men. Sherlock could see the difference between captors and captives just by the way they moved. The captors were rough and aggressive, shoving and pushing, shouting indistinct orders to each other from across the way. Whereas the captives exhibit symptoms of illness and pain, swaying in line, despondent and terrified. The rain obscured their scents, but Sherlock didn't need his nose to tell him every one of those men and women were omegas. The growl that left his lips was involuntary, a slip of instincts he quickly tamped down.
"Alright. Do your thing. We only got the second in command. The Keeper wasn't present. If there's any way to chop the head of this snake off, I want to know it." He heaved a sigh, the sound exhausted and frustrated. Sherlock nodded, his own belly tight with disappointment. He'd hoped to take down the whole crime ring in one swoop.
The missing went back five years. Five whole years of evidence lost thanks to poor detective work and weak evidence. It had taken that long for authorities to notice a pattern and the uptick in the number of cases. Even then, it only came to Mycroft's notice when some well off couple, with high up connections, had their daughter taken.
He moved to jerk away from the other man, clutching a hand to his neck and stumbling back several steps in the mud. For a moment he considered fighting or running, or maybe a little of both, but he nixed those ideas as useless wastes of energy. He’d taken a direct hit to one of his main arteries. The chances of him making it more than a block were minimal at best. He had a high tolerance for these sorts of things, something brought on by personal experimentation and a drug addiction that was unhindered by standards. All that was useless until the worst of the side-effects wore off; he’d be as useful as a milk-fed kitten. Besides, there was so much more to gain by staying right here.
from personal experience that an omega could be just as violent and fucked up as any other gender. Yet he had never met an omega that had smelled quite so…tainted, which was saying something since he had himself to compare the man with.
So overwhelming that for a moment, he couldn't think. This was John, John crying in need. It did not help that he had never actually heard John make such a sound before. That John was resilient and self-reliant and would more than likely call him a twit for even thinking he'd ever make that horrid noise in the first place. His damned mind was playing tricks on him, replacing the young man with someone much old and far more dear to him.
Stepping out into the hall he felt John’s eyes lingering on his bare backside as he headed to the linen closet and snatched up a couple of washcloths. He warmed one with heated water from the tap, glancing up into the mirror as he worked. His face was lit with a happy content smile, all that earlier fear chased away. This was good, more than good.
Facing the desk was an equally hulking mass of an armchair. A man sat slumped in the recesses of it. The only indication of what he looked like was a peak of red hair followed by a glimpse of a phone in his palm. Across from him stood the other beta, pacing the space between desk and chair with a general air of boredom. He was a greying, hardened fellow with his hands in his pockets and a disinterested expression that said he was used to seeing more action than this. The disgusted look, he cast Jason's way as the other man burst into the room was intriguing.
“August.” Came the soft reply to his question after a moment of consideration on the young man's part. Sherlock nodded his head in greeting just as he came up close enough to make out the finer details of the person before him. It was the hair that caught his attention first, once sunkissed, it now lies lanky and weighed down by sweat against his forehead. It was a dirty blond so close to the color of John’s that it made Sherlock flinch. He forced himself forward to bring the young man closer into the ray of the lamplight. This close the smell of infection had settled in a cloud around the man, the scent only got only stronger as Sherlock settled on his haunches beside him and reached out to gently tug down the arm that August hid behind.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at that, undoing the cuffs to his shirt so he could shrug it off his shoulders and drop it into the curve of his palm. As an afterthought, he turned back to the flat door and took the few steps to send the lock home on the door. "You have a point, but 'shag,' really John?" He questioned, raising his voice so John could hear him from the other room. He tried to sound casual, even though his mind was on fire with the fact that he and John were becoming…something. He'd need more data to give this new level to their relationship a label.
Mycroft scowled at that, he preferred a crime scene to be properly vetted by himself and his crews, especially when his loved ones were involved. “Our people know to distract them until we are done resolving any issues?”
Mycroft Holmes sat in the back seat of his town car, eyes trained on the laptop in front of him. Inside he was surrounded by the buffered silence of the vehicle’s noise-canceling equipment. Outside he barely caught sight of his men on the ground, baton’s flailing, tasers out and at the ready as they took down the men that had seen fit to attack 221B. He trusted them to do their jobs, and every one of them was handpicked by him or Anthea. They had their part, he had his. Being inside the vehicle, he could not hear the yells or orders of his peons, instead, he was trapped in the prevailing sounds of John’s gasping exhales, broken by curses and choked shouts.
Taking a moment for himself, he paused on the street edge, looking out over the River Thames. His eyes lingered over the dark blue water, lapping at the edge of the Westminster Pier. The lights from the Ferris-wheel across the way reflected bright azure across the surface of the river.
Sherlock groaned. This was surreal. He felt like he'd been duped by a bunch of idiots with grandiose plans. Tabitha pulled his hand from where it covered his face, examining the bite wound on the back of it before turning it over to see his wrist."
"In here." He croaked, ducking out into the hall. Lestrade's concerned expression broke into one of relief.
"Holy-christ…how is this even happening." John groaned against the swell of Sherlock's collarbone. Sherlock just chuckled, equally as confused as John, his lips flashing into a smile that John could probably feel against his skin. He wouldn't question it, though. Nothing ever made sense with John Watson. That was what made him so damn brilliant. Shrugging his shoulders, Sherlock slid his fingers up under the hem of John's shirt, forcing it higher until he caught sight of the tan expanse of John's belly.
“Christ, how is this even working” The omega waved a hand between their entwined bodies, the gesture encompassing everything from his face pressed to the lapels of Mycroft's chest to the hand at his throat and the soothing pressure it provided. It shouldn’t have been possible for Mycroft to comfort John like an alpha. Yet above him, Mycroft’s brow was wrinkled with a level of concern that John had never seen. His blue eyes flickered over John’s no doubt pale face, looking for signs that John would break further.
The next two doors held another couple of bedrooms. These were better kept. They were decorated and fully furnished, with a look closer to something you would find at an inn rather than the filthy animal pens Sherlock had seen upstairs. The sweet scent of omega lingered here, strong closest to the bed. As did the richer smell of alpha, which wasn't unexpected. Someone had been sampling the goods, it would seem.
Underneath all the desperate need, he was expecting John to jerk away, or maybe to go still in his arms, stunned. What he didn't expect was for fingers to fist into the locks of his hair and yank him down, further bowing his shoulders until he was enveloping John's more compact frame with his own. The move was just as desperate and full of need as Sherlock's. Calloused fingers tangled through his hair, pressing against his scalp and drawing him downward.
"We heard gunfire." He admitted, coming up to Sherlock's side and peering into the room. "Jesus...you found another one?"
“Hardly necessary, I’ll text you later instead. It’s just preliminaries at this point,” Sherlock explained, his eyes roving over what little of John he could see through the blankets. “I’d rather you slept in after last night.” He admitted, a flush appearing high on his cheekbones.
“Your twin, actually.”
“What was that?” Mycroft questioned, as if reading his mind, his voice clear through the speaker of John’s phone. John started, he had almost forgotten that the elder Holmes was on the other line.
“God, these people make me sick,” John muttered under his breath, using his right hand to slip his gun out of his shoulder holster and undoing the safety. The movement had his shoulder twinging and he rolled it, rocking the joint to ease the pain. He was careful to keep his gun concealed at his thigh. Mycroft moved closer, his bulk blocking it from sight at his right side. John peered up at him from under pale lashes, surprised at the forethought the gesture showed.
Neither one of them saw it coming. Sherlock, to busy examining the muscle waste of John’s midsection, and John with his tired eyes squinting up at the vibrant blue sky. All he knew was that one moment John was standing, and the next he was barreled to the ground, a writhing form overwhelming his small figure with a snarling howl.
There was no need to imagine now. He took to worshiping John with all the ease of a man who had been thinking about the many ways he could do so for years. He kneaded his hands along the small of John's back until he had a handful of John's warm posterior. He sucked and licked and explored honeyed skin to his heart's content. It was new and different, so different than he had ever expected. It was John that was a surprise, for all Sherlock's deductions, he'd never anticipated this; an open, willing partner with little to no reservations for the sudden new turn they had taken.
The mystery unravels!
Things you'll note:
"Surgeon first, both bones are fractured, he'll need extensive surgery. He's in shock too. We'll have our work cut out for us." Tabitha amended, her tone brooking no disagreement.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in return and watched as John hopped off the table on a fighter’s light feet, his cock bouncing in the sling of his briefs. “Sounds only proper.” Sherlock followed him into a standing position and reached out, tugging John into a kiss before he could turn away. John sighed in appreciation, moving in close, his fingers deftly unbuttoned Sherlock’s plum-colored top and then preceded to yank it free from the waistband of his trousers. Sherlock sucked in a breath as his skin hit cool air. John’s murmur of approval hitting low in his belly as the older man stepped back and admired his handiwork, one palm reaching up to caress Sherlock’s nipple and down the length of his belly, hot and warm. A brand to the skin, a claim directly from John's hand.
And as always comments and kudo's are much appreciated!
Sherlock felt the giggles coming on again, his voice rising into a manic laugh. "Found your boy August." He admitted, scrubbing his aching hand down his aching face. Ugh, he was a mess.
When his feet hit the asphalt the relief was palpable, he didn’t like being a sitting duck, up in the air with nowhere to go or hide from stray bullets. He’d never been so grateful for a London back alley that smelled of rotten refuse before.
It was a phrase ridiculously sentimental to the core, he was certain Mycroft would have a conniption at the very thought of him saying it aloud.
"Ah…" The sound slipped out past John's soft lips, a deep hum of understanding. "I forget how you alpha's are sometimes," John admitted, dropping the cloth to the table. Sherlock felt the bed dip and sighed as John kneeled beside him, wrapping strong arms around his shoulders and dragging Sherlock in for a tight embrace against his bare chest. More sweet, calming omega scent seeped into the air. He felt the worries of the day ease away.
"It's just a graze." Up until this moment, he had completely forgotten about it. "From your twin, actually."
The medic ignored them, settling by his side and snapping on a set of gloves before she went to packing the wounds on his legs. Sherlock kept his face covered with one hand filtering the painful light through his fingers.
“Oh fuck, yes Sherlock, please.” John's head kicked back against the pillows, voice desperate as slick pooled from within him, welcoming the intrusion with ease. Sherlock let off of John’s cock with a lurid pop, turning his head to bite at the swell of John’s thigh, taking the skin into his mouth with a slow suckle even as he introduced another digit to John’s tight body. Wet, tight heat enveloped his fingers eagerly as he twisted and worked them in and out in slow thrusts. John arched into his ministrations, his belly tense rolling with each shift of his hips.
“Very good,” Mycroft’s voice was strained and despite his attempt at sounding calm John could hear the concern in his voice. In the background, there was the sound of doors opening and shouting, followed by the electric zing of tasers and curses. Apparently Mycroft’s people had made contact with the men in the blue SUV.
- Sherlock’s been bit, which, given the tags for this story, could have so major repercussions.
Mycroft’s kitchen was a lovely affair, comfortable and cozy, and containing far more personality than the stale looking parlor room. The pots were well used and loved, a singular one sitting in the dish rack, no doubt leftover from the morning’s breakfast. John settled into a high-backed chair at a rather small dining room table and transferred his clenched fists, so they gripped the arms of the chair, the wood creaking in protest. A basket of fruit sat in the center of the table, a couple of pears and tangerines lining the bottom of it. He eyed the fruit, not daring to look up as the elder Holmes puttered about the kitchen.
"That's it, love, come for me." Sherlock hissed, turning his head, so his teeth bit into the swell of John's thigh where it slung over his shoulder. That was all John needed. He came with a sharp cry against Sherlock's ear, seed spilling across his own belly, his scent exploding into vibrant hues and surrounding them in a haze of desire. Sherlock watched the whole thing from hooded eyes, growling out his approval with animalistic ferocity.
Sorry, my little beans!
"Of course. I'll send it to him. He won't be pleased."
Cigarette smoke lingered in the interior of the cab as he hopped in the back, commandeering it to follow the van with a sharp command. He breathed shallowly in an attempt to distract himself from the familiar smell.  The cabby hardly notice. He was a large set man with a receding hairline and sweaty demeanor, and better yet seemed indifferent to what might have been considered rather shady commands. Grunting his agreement he pulled out and followed after Eddington’s men. Sherlock was pleased enough when the alpha proved to follow at a discrete distance, seemingly slightly more observant than the standard driver.
Sherlock sat up, staring at him, a thought emerging from the back of his mind.
For a moment it was nothing but twisting limbs and scrambling hands. He felt the creature claw at his arms with nails that had grown long and sharp. Felt his own hands sink into fetid, ruined flesh, grabbing at bones and deteriorated cloth for some sort of purchase, until he managed to get his knife up, slamming it home into the dead creature's skull with a resounding crunch of metal on bone. The zombie went limp, it’s unseeing eyes stilling in their hollow sockets, it’s arms dropping from where they gripped into the skin of Sherlock’s forearms.
"The omega. Sebastian. It's him. He's the leader! He
“Wha-your mad! I ain’t goin’ with you.” Eric Bates howled in protest, his voice turning meek and terrified. He had probably hoped to start a stay in the hospital, where his people would get a chance to break him out. They’d be more likely to just kill him, he was a liability at best.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Most of them escaped in the scuffle, Sir. From what we could see it was 6 men at this location. Additionally, there was a secondary vehicle that drove off before we could engage them.” Maeve explained, tone clipped, and to the point. “We
His own line of thought was much the same. He had in the past attempted to tell John his feelings, three times now, to be exact. Three times he had worked up the courage to tell John exactly what his heart said, and three times he’d shoved those damned emotions down deep, like the ridiculous drivel that they were. Useless emotions that muddle up the work.
“‘E was goin’ to that old buildin’ down the street, the ones that smell’s like shite.” She explained, her green eyes distant as she recalled. John had already deduced on his own that Sherlock's encounter with her had been at least a week before his abduction. Whatever the girl had shown Sherlock was old news, it hadn't lead to a break in the case for Sherlock. Even so, it was a step in the right direction, another clue in the trail that Sherlock had left for him to unearth. “I told ‘em about how they been takin’ kids out of there. Movin' ‘em all bound up in ropes and chains. I saw them, I did, they all smell like sad and death.” She whispered, her lower lip quivering. The look was frankly disturbing on such a young hardened girl.
John.
Sherlock shook his head, trying to clear out the sound. In front of him, Sebastian, not John, was growing more distressed.
He watched as John fell back on his elbows, leaning heavily on the wood of the table. “Bloody hell, that’s more than okay.” He gasped, the scent of his arousal growing, a bouquet of burnt sugar with undertones of almond. Sherlock sucked on one exposed hip bone, his fingers working at the button to John’s trouser’s, sliding the zip down with a hiss of sound.
“Christ.” Spitting the taste of bile from his mouth John, groaned into the swell of one bicep and waited to see if the desire to spill his guts was going to hit again. After a few moments of just resting, he heaved a sigh of relief. Reaching to his left, he felt around the edge of the sink until he came across the bottle of Bismuth he’d bought in desperation the evening before. Uncapping the damn thing, he poured himself a dose and eyed the pink liquid dubiously. The viscous sweet taste of the medicine had him gagging into the toilet again and, he whined in frustration.
More dragging ensued, followed by a sharp pain as Sherlock's tailbone hit the hard ground. Jason's grunts and groans hid the sound of his pained, hissing, intake of breath. Beefy hands shoved and pushed him into a semi-upright position, until his back settled into the hardened nook, coat scrapping against the brick wall. He made sure to lull his head forward and hide his face behind rain-sodden locks.
"Holy shit! Sherlock!?" John choked in surprise, hips hitching as Sherlock forced them to still. He tasted of soap and clean, warm skin; the hairs at the base of his cock tickled Sherlock's nose. His hand twisted in Sherlock's hair and alternated between tugs and slow caresses as he moaned out terms of endearment and appreciation that devolved quickly into curses and then nothing but heady gasps and sobbing breaths. His leg was slung over Sherlock's shoulder, anchoring him to Sherlock.
John gave him a looked, “You decided to- doing all this- because someone who looks like me bit you?”
The fact that he had been locked out in the first place spoke volumes as to the pockets Sir Eddington had lined to get as far as he was. The man was becoming a thorn in his side. A thorn that, so far, he had managed to keep John unaware of, if only to stop the omega from storming Eddington Manor and using his pisspoor negotiating skills to get back Sherlock.
"Nah, don't bother, boss will want him awake for the phone call," Brody interjected, followed by the low beta scent of lavender and shea butter as he moved in to look over Sherlock's prone form. "Right, Colt?"
Sherlock jerked back out of reach on instinct and training alone. He hadn’t thought August capable of such speed. He came up short when the omega’s hands stayed tight in his coat. The torch in his hands made a quick work of breaking the connection, slapping aside the man’s keen grip until August let go of his coat with a snarl. Sherlock felt his hand scrap against sharp teeth, felt sharp teeth bite quick and hard, but the move managed to get the ill man off of him. August’s broken body fell back against the dusty drywall, manic, snarling crazed nonsense under his breath. Stumbling to his feet Sherlock watched with fascination as August’s eyes rolled to the back of his head. The seizure hit only moment’s later, sending limbs flying and spittle foaming out of his pus stained mouth.
"Hey, I was sitting there!" Brody growsed.
Sherlock sighed, he really did not want to explain to John about his day. He did not think he could handle reopening such fresh memories. Looking away he shook his head. “No, not that specifically, I don’t particularly want to talk about it.” He admitted, choosing instead to drop down on the bed and attempt to cozy up to John’s side. “It would dampen the mood considerably.”
Oh, hell...that was so much worse. Sweet sapphire, twinkling with delight at the sight of Sherlock, the skin at the corners of his eyes crinkled with what Sherlock could only define as affection. Sherlock wanted to fall into their depths. To drown in them if needs be, so he could end the daily torture that was being John Watson's friend.
Nini's Rambles:
Sherlock hummed under his breath, calmed just by John's response. Tucking his phone away in his pocket, he took the steps down to the Underground, shoulder's bowed in thought. Pulling his travelcard from his wallet, he scanned it at the check station and stepped onto the Jubilee Line, letting the subway blitz him home.
"Lestrade?!" Sherlock sputtered, jerking as if stung. "What are you doing, you imbecile." He snarled, glancing between the nearly invisible silhouette of Donovan and Lestrade. This was not how he'd planned things going.
“You, are supposed to be at that alley, gathering evidence,” Mycroft spoke up, raising a thin eyebrow, his voice ripe with annoyance.
Inside he caught the sound of footsteps approaching and heaved a sigh of relief, dragging a hand through his hair to ease the mess of it he had made. Greying blond locks fell in a disheveled mess around his head; he hardly cared, hadn’t had a haircut in months, and was not planning on getting one any time soon. Releasing sharp a exhale, he schooled his expression into a scowl as the door finally opened.
“Oh, thank fuck…” John chocked in relief, his adam’s apple bobbing against the swell of Mycroft’s palm.
Maeve, a member of his team, stood outside, crouched down to peer into the window. Slowly Mycroft rolled down the glass, turning his head to give her his full attention. She nodded in greeting, her nose wrinkled at the scent of strong emotions hanging heavy in the air
Donovan scurried from her place by the car to his side, her despicable face now far too visible, the smirk twisting the edge of her lips even more aggravating.
"Fuck! Brody!" Colt's cursing showed he'd intended for that to be a warning shot. The now-deceased Brody had just gotten in the way.
John nodded his agreement, he had seen worse, so much worse, in the battlefield on the front lines. But this was home, this was in his city, in his own country. He had come home from war and hoped never to have to experience anything like it ever again. It pissed him off to no end that someone out there was capturing helpless women, children, and men and selling them. For what purpose, he could not be certain, Mycroft said he did not know either, and John was inclined to believe him.
“Don’t be absurd,” Mycroft scowled, his lips pursing into a thin line, aghast at the very notion. “I can hardly understand what my brother sees in you!”
“Stop saying my name
At his front door, he heard the rap of Mycroft’s umbrella, sharp and jarring in the otherwise silent flat. “Coming.” He shouted, kicking on his shoes and cursing his luck once more at being stuck with two Holmes brothers. One was just as impatient as the other. Reaching out, he popped the deadbolt and opened the door, focused more on the zipper of his jacket than anything.
His roommate had just returned from an all-night shift at the A&E, and the fog of exhaustion that usually accompanied him after those long nights had hung heavy over his shoulders. The chance of him leaving the house before five was in the lower tenth percentile. Which meant the probability of John being here in this state was even lower. Yet, the similarities were striking.
John let out a desperate, animal whine of pain, his fingers clenching around Sherlock’s wrists instead of his neck. His blue eyes were wide and terrified, “Sher-Sher?” He questioned, so confused the words half-formed in his wrecked throat, blood spilled from his lips, staining his chin red.
Sherlock grinned, wide and carefree, his heart pounded with aching love for the man above him.
"Put 'em in the corner." Came Colt's put upon response from in front of the desk, the man's voice gravelly and smoke hardened.
Sherlock took the invitation for what it was, crowding the space between John's legs until his aching hardness butted up against John's blunt erection. Both of them spurred into overeager excitement just from the shock of coming together. John whined low in his throat, one leg shifting up to latch around Sherlock's hip so that he could grind them together, with a slow, aching roll of his hips. The hard length of him pressed against the front of Sherlock's trousers.
Take Note:
“Is this okay?” Sherlock questioned, dragging his hands up warm skin and slightly soft abs. John’s belly jumped under his touch, tense, probably from the nighttime chill that still lingered on Sherlock’s fingers.
The bandage John had applied was already peeling off, hanging only by one strand of surgical tape, exposing the reddened and torn skin of his hand, and the distinct outline of teeth standing out on the surface. Peering from under half-closed lids, he considered that bit of flesh, examined it with concern. There were no visible sores, no puss, or scent of atrophy. His sharp nose would catch even the first scents of rot.
"That's not the whole of it," Sherlock admitted, choosing to drop down on the bed and attempt to cozy up to John's side. "It would dampen the mood considerably."
The omega laughed at that, sufficiently distracted, shaking his head to clear it. “You carrying me? How mundane Mycroft.”
The driver stepped out of the car a moment later, he was tall enough to be an alpha, his bearing indicated a sense of entitlement that some alphas carried with their designation. Shutting the door the man paused and the blur of his face stared up into the camera for a moment before he gave a very deliberate nod in the direction of the camera lens, as if to say mission accomplished.
It did not stop him from feeling rightfully pissed off as he settled into the back seat of a cab and reached into his pocket, taking out his phone and dialing.
Anya was reluctant, but another twenty pounds in her pocket had her tossing her empty snack bag into a nearby bin, and before he knew it, she was urging him to follow her. “Fine, but you’re a goodie, so you ain’ gonna like i’.” She warned, dusting of the street dirt from her rump. John nodded expression grim to show the girl he was taking her seriously. His heartbeat kick into overdrive at the realization that he was finally getting some sort of confirmation to what Mycroft had told him. This was the first clue he’d had as to Sherlock’s whereabouts, and he clung to it like a man on a life-raft.
Next chapter we are finally going to hit those sexy times hinted at in the tags. It won’t have any significant plot points in it, other than them getting together, so you’ll be able to skip if this is something you don’t appreciate!
Mycroft cleared his throat, arching an eyebrow when he finally had John's attention. Shoving his hands into his pocket, John resisted the urge to reach out and rip that eyebrow right off his smarmy face.
Sherlock growled, a low sound of annoyance, cursing under his breath as the group surrounding him eased up onto their feet, officers preparing their firearms as they made ready to attack.
A moment later his own phone pinged with a response.
Anya led him to a boarded-up apartment complex in Ratcliff. The East London building was abandoned, from everything John could see. He scented the air, but whatever scent-memories the building had once contained were long gone. If Anya had it right, then the building had been emptied at least a few weeks before Sherlock had come upon it. The building abandoned in mass. John could only assume that the network of abductors had taken their captives and run. What had spooked them, John couldn’t be sure, but there was a genuine possibility that Sherlock had been the one to scare the group off in the first place, he had been working the case for long before his abduction after all.
Vivid blue eyes, bloodshot and wide with alarm, met his—eyes so like John's, but filled with anxiety and misery. Sherlock stared into those fearful orbs in stunned fascination. Logic told him it wasn't the same man. He'd left John sitting at home that morning, drinking his tea and eating beans on toast, as was his tendency.
Despite his protests, Sherlock had to agree to the sentiment. He was beginning to feel like this was their last chance. These people were good, highly skilled. Up to this point, tracking them down had been hell. Every clue he found as to their whereabouts had proved useless. Like mist, they disappeared. Leaving behind only the barest traces of their existence. This was, as John would put it, a bit not good. Every day Sherlock went without a break in the blighted case more and more innocent women and men were harmed.
“Yes, well, that was what Sherlock was for. He was gathering evidence, deducing where the victims were being held, keeping tabs on the enemy, so to speak.” Mycroft explained, “But they were remarkably clever in hiding their inner workings, thus the runaround. Whenever Sherlock had a lead, they just uprooted themselves and left. They have means and finances far greater than our normal lot. There was a loading dock that had scent memories of one of the missing people. So we waited and watched the dock for further activity.”
“We searched, John; we’ve been searching. He’s disappeared, and none of my sources can find him.” Mycroft explained, finally lifting his gaze to look John in the eyes. “These are people who know how to make someone
It takes another little bit for his knot to come down enough to disengage. Dragging a hand down the to press on the warm muscles of John’s belly he gently released them from each other. Both of them are oversensitive and hiss in unison at the aching pleasure of disconnection.
- We find the gruesome location of Sherlock's attack, there's a story to be told there, bookmark so you get the latest chapters
(See the end of the chapter for
His briefs underneath were black, and clung to his thighs like a second skin, leaving very little to the imagination. Sherlock settled back on his heels, drinking in the sight. “Take off that top of yours.” He purred, his voice deep with need.
John recoiled, his head jerking back on his neck, stunned. “Triggers? Shove off, you wanker! I don’t have PTSD anymore!” John spat, turning from Mycroft and stalking away, his heels clipping on the dank concrete flooring and sending echoes up into the overhead rafters. John was flabbergasted at the very idea, he had not been triggered in years and was happy to consider himself cured of that particular ailment. It stunned him that Sherlock would think so low of him as to believe him incapable of doing a case. He wasn't some helpless omega who needed to be coddled.
“W-well-shite,” John stuttered breathlessly, his eyes turning up to the ceiling as he attempted to think past the moment, his words breaking as he thrust up against the pressure of Sherlock’s palm. “You can blame it on yourself, you beast- God Sherlock, if you tease me anymore I swear I’m going to come in my pants.” John croaked, shifting off his elbows so he could squirm his trouser’s off his hips, kicking them to the side with an impatient shake of his foot.
Pwease leave me feedback. I needs it for life. Kudos and comments are loved!
Open up he did, Sherlock groaned, watching his fingers dip into the pink, tender opening of John's sex. He growled his approval as those muscles spasmed before giving in to his demands, urging the omega open until he took the width of Sherlock's fingers with ease. Sherlock shifted up, pressing kisses along the warm skin of John's belly, working his way upward, to dusky nipples so he could suck them into his mouth and lap at the taught little buds.
"Won't you leave it, John?" He questioned, keeping his eyes on the box as he broke it free of the packaging. He couldn't bring himself to explain how it made him want to growl, watching John remove the traces of them. John paused in what he was doing, and Sherlock was certain that he'd see the other man eyeing him with one brow raised, mouth twisted in a classic expression of contemplation if he looked up.
“Mycroft.” John hissed the name through gritted teeth, trying to hold back the seething mess of anger and desperation from showing in his voice.
Reaching out his hand he patted across the ground, until it hit the hard metal of the gun laying by his thigh. The bite of teeth on his shoulder had him stiffening, letting out a broken sob. Moving his head down against the side of John’s he pressed his palm to the other's face so they pressed cheek to cheek, chest to chest, heart to heart.
“And this as well.” John glanced up and watched, slightly dismayed, as Mycroft took hold of a tangerine from the basket and set to cutting it.  His fingers gripped the knife and sliced into the orange flesh, breaking it down into quarter slices. He worked with delicate assurance, laying the slices out across an extra tea plate one by one.
“Is this your guys in the blue SUV?” John questioned.
Mycroft sighed, his brow furrowing tight with regret. “I apologize, I should not have said that.” He admitted, his tea forgotten in front of him.
John scowled, deep ocean blue eyes barely skimming the notification before he hit the call button on Mycroft’s phone number.
Hello Readers! This fic is currently in the process of being rewritten. It was my very first fic, and I've learned a lot since I started it. Rereading it, it doesn't quite meet the quality I want, and since I want to actually finish it, I'm going to start reposting it sometime soon with a revised link provided. Until then, it will continue to wallow in its unfinished state. BUT! It's not forgotten, I do plan on completing it, and I'm working on the revised storyline so that I can do just that.
Thirty beds, littered through a dozen different rooms. Each one was just as filthy as the last. Ascending higher, the other two floors proved to be more of the same, with the mattresses on the topmost level being used the least, judging by the level of staining. But other than that, there wasn't any information to go by. No papers with writing, no leads as to the Keeper's whereabouts—too much trash to make out the finer clues.
His chances alone were closer to 50/50 at the moment, though if either one of them had a gun, he'd say it was much lower. With that in mind, there was nothing to do but wait and hope for a moment of action.
It was like having less desirable, far bossier Sherlock on his hands.
If Sherlock, or even Mycroft, had been there, they would have been able to suss out which way the culprit’s had gone based only on some wayward piece of hair that landed on the floor. John had no such luck and was left hunting for clues that were obvious enough for him to understand. Of that, there were few, even with the knowledge that Sherlock had imparted on him over the years. When he finally left the apartment building, it was with a growing sense of frustration and dread. Sherlock was in the hands of madmen. Whoever they were, they had no qualms or issues with hurting and killing fellow human beings. He dared not wrap his mind around the fact that the alpha could very well be dead by now.
Nini's Rambles:
His gun was trained on John, wavering only slightly. Blood spewed freely from his nose, leaking onto the doormat in bright vermilion drips. Even from this distance, John could see that the man’s pupils were blown out and mismatched, indicative of a head injury. He’d probably fallen down the stairs and knocked himself out. If John were in doctor mode, he would have recommended the man get a CT scan. John wasn’t, though, instead he felt a grim amount of pride at that and chuckled, low under his breath.
"Oh," John accepted the kiss with a gobsmacked look of surprise. Parting ways to give Sherlock's lips a considering look. "Is that what I've been missing out on?" John watched him withdraw, a bemused expression twisting his lips into a lopsided grin. Bloody hell, he looked edible. Sherlock resisted the urge to dive back in and show him that yes. They'd been missing out on a whole hell of a lot. Thank you very much.
His breath came out in a rush as he stepped into the downed remains of 221B. Ignoring the second man, who was currently being catered to, he stopped to look at the rest of Sherlock and John’s modest belongings. Much of it was tossed and overturned from whatever struggle John had put up. Blood decorated the floor and wall, spelling out the fight in gruesome lines and splatters.
This location contained only useless odds and ends spewed across the floor, left behind from the previous occupants in their hast to leave. None of it would be relevant, though he thought he would do a more thorough examination in the morning, when the sun shone high and the sky and allowed more light in.
“Christ Sherlock, lie down and stop looking at me like that,” John growled, opening one eye to glower up at Sherlock’s features.
"Blood no. Spots yes, though only just now. Violent thoughts…well, I just killed a man. Actually, he killed him," Sherlock gestured to Colt even as he internally berated himself, such an idiot.
A sharp pain shot up his skull as fingers laced into his scruffy hair, twisting into the strands and yanking John back and away from the weapon. Red hot agony ratcheted down John’s scalp as he was bodily pulled back across the floor. Shards of glass and wood splintered against his back, painful enough that he let out a cry. The agonizing sound cut off as a strong forearm twisted it’s way around his throat, squeezing tight around the tan column of it. John panicked for a moment when his throat closed under the pressure, fingers scrambling at the arm wrapped like a vice on his neck.
The spill of alcohol against the broken, inflamed skin had Sherlock jerking away. "Dammit, John, careful!" Sherlock snarled, baring his fangs in distaste. John's lips lifted in response, showing off smaller fangs, not giving in to the dominance display in the least. Sherlock wanted to tongue at the barely-there canines, lick at the hard protrusions with his soft tongue. Instead, he watched deft, latex-covered fingers dab and squeeze and manipulate the folds of broken skin, baring through the ache until John seemed confident in a job well done. The omega ignored Sherlock's protests, humming under his breath as he slapped on some antibiotic cream and taped the whole lot up. Against his own judgment, Sherlock felt himself relax against the omega, the soothing sound of his voice taking the sting out of Sherlock's hand.
Check out this video for an awesome view of 221B
"Well, he's been exposed, but shows none of the standard symptoms." She admitted, turning his head this way and that, examining his neck and ears and forcing his mouth open with a tongue depressor. "At this stage, he should be feral already. He's a second-gen infection, and they don't last long compared to the first set." She explained, tossing her gloves and the stick in a biohazard baggy before snatching up the hand sanitizer and applying it liberally. Another set of gloves slipped on to her wrinkled fingers like a second skin. When she straightened her spine to glower up at the two of them, it was a thing of beauty.
“Bloody hell….” John groaned in a rush as Sherlock filled him, his fingers spasmed where they clutched around the swell of Sherlock’s biceps, his voice breaking. Sherlock smiled, a lopsided sloppy thing, and just focused on giving John a moment to adjust, forcing back the need to pull out and thrust in harder. Opening his eyes he examined the lines and planes of John’s face, the blond didn’t seem to be in pain, Sherlock had taken care to properly prepare him. “You are
This close, he could see the difference between the young Sebastian and John. A slightly rounder face, skin too pale, eyebrows too thin, his junior by fifteen years at the least, body soft where John's held muscle. Sebastian's skin was red-rimmed around the eyes, puffy and swollen from pain, or maybe tears. There were other differences, too, differences of a medical nature. Dilated pupils, dehydrated, dry lips, and, under it all, the warm milk scent of pregnancy.
“John?” For whatever reason it didn’t register at first what was happening. Sherlock stumbled to a halt, long legs tangling in the grass as his brain struggled to catch on to what it was seeing. John scrambled on his back, legs kicking out as he attempted to dislodge his attacker, hand flailing in an attempt to grab the gun he’d dropped.
Mud squelched under his boots as he shifted, eyeing the monolithic brick building before him. He scowled miserably, a dark figure camouflaged behind an old greying Prius. He faced the back end of the warehouse and had yet to see the front but resolved to believe it wouldn't look much different. Boarded up windows, mysteriously stained concrete, and a general air of dereliction. Sherlock would give it a five-star rating as far as criminal headquarters went.
"Oh, do shut up." Sherlock's head was too muddy with incoming realization. Scrambling from the bad, he tripped on the blanks, stumbling to his feet before tumbling from the bedroom. He dashed down the hall, hardly noticing he was nude as he delved into his coat pocket, searching for his phone.
"And! He shot me!" Sherlock shouted, jerking his hand up to glare at the evidence. "Where did he get a gun if he was a hostage?"
"That was stupid." Colt snapped, jerking his head towards Brody's slumped body. His eyes held a glint of consideration and a small amount of respect as he looked over Sherlock with an appraising eye. "I did tell him not to let his guard down. Idiot." They chuckled in unison, and Sherlock raised an eyebrow in surprise.
"W-well-shite," John stuttered breathlessly, his eyes turning up to the ceiling as he attempted to think past the moment, his words breaking as he thrust up against the pressure of Sherlock's palm. "You can blame it on yourself, you beast- God Sherlock, if you tease me anymore, I swear I'm going to come in my pants." John croaked, shifting off his elbows so he could squirm his trousers off his hips, kicking them to the side with an impatient shake of his foot.
Sherlock sighed. He really did not want to discuss his day with John. Not that John would let him get out of it. He'd already said too much not to satisfy the omega's curiosity.
"You're definitely going to need a jab for that. It's already getting infected. Maybe stop by Bart's tomorrow. Mike should be around." John muttered absently, snapping his glove off.
John wrinkled his nose as their combined fluid’s spilled free and that blush on his chest turned even brighter. The smell of
"Is now really the time?" Sherlock groaned, turning to give the detective a look, one brow raising high on his pale forehead as he glared. Betas, the world would fall apart if they couldn't dig their little talons into an alpha or omega's business.
It was John’s heart-wrenching scream that finally broke Sherlock from his daze. “John?!” Sherlock felt his voice break as terror sent his heart launching like a panicked rabbit in his chest. Moving faster than he had in days he dashed down the trail. His knife was in his palm before he even thought about it, instinct finally taking over. He slammed into the decaying form of John’s attacker with a vengeful snarl, shoving the undead man off and down to the ground.
Slipping it up his sleeve, he was satisfied with the acquisition. It was an unusual weapon, but a weapon none the less. If John were there, he would volunteer a high statistical probability that both betas would end up dead in less than five minutes with said weapon. John was like that, ruthless and aggressive. Sherlock found it strikingly sexy. The fact that John could choose to put together or take apart a man in minutes was just…perfection.
“Being John’s friend is better than not having John at all.” Sherlock spoke to the night, to the ornate old-style lamps that lined the peer, to the inky blue river that taunted him. Dragging in a slow, deep breath, he filled his lungs with the chilled night air and slowly exhaled, pushing down the panic and fear seeing August had brought to the surface. “Being John’s friend is better than not having John at all,” The words repeated again, painful but true.
“B-but-you’re you, how- you know everything!” John stared, voice incredulous and breaking at the end. He hated it, hated that sound of weakness in his voice. He needed to stay strong, for Sherlock. He felt something splash against the back of his hand and stared at the glistening tear as it trailed down his skin.
On the sixth day, they found another abandoned location, this time it was a warehouse. John starred up at the abandoned hulking mass of brick and mortar. Just looking at it had his mind filling with a foreboding sense of dread. Even meters away, as he was, he could smell it. The scent of blood and death and illness that seemed to ooze from the building like an infected sore.
Mycroft thought about hitting the grey-haired dolt over the head but instead opted for taking the high road and turned away, telling himself it was not a retreat, even as his steps took him back to his vehicle. Anthea stood next to the door, and she opened it for him as he came close. He knew her well enough to see the tension in the shoulders, the anger in the set of her chin.
“You’re a damn hog, by the way.” He grumbled, tossing the covers to the side so he can get an eyeful of John unhindered by something so meaningless as a duvet.
"Also, fever and chills, if you must know. And, a couple of bullets to the leg, could that be a symptom?" Tabitha was unenthused by his wit, her rheumy eyes glowering down at him. She was so career-oriented he couldn't even scent what her secondary designation would be, and she smelled of nothing but nitrile gloves, vitamins, and antiseptic.
When they pulled up to what appeared to be an old run-down warehouse Sherlock grew intrigued. This was a much larger setting than he’d known Eddington to have up until now. It showed his operation had grown to a much higher degree. He didn’t need to hide in waterlogged residential buildings and rundown commercial units any longer, that much was obvious.
hazed the air, warm and wet and right. "God, I hate that part. Get us a washcloth, would you?" John pleaded, face blushing vivid red before he hid it with his arm. Sherlock wanted to protest; he rather liked the sight of his omega painted in his fluids but decided to save John from further embarrassment and just do as he was told, scrambling from the bed on legs that felt something like jelly from lack of blood flow.
So Sherlock kept his mouth shut because being John's friend was better than not having John at all.
The sight had Sherlock’s heart racing with a combination of unrequited desire and utter terror. It settled for the latter, he felt himself pale and quickly had to look away from those succulent lips, before his damn brain shut down entirely. If only he didn’t choose to turn his eyes up, pale eyes making contact with blue ones and locking there.
Most of the skilled ones were employed by Mycroft himself if only to keep the competition of the street and in his capable hands. Eddington was a notorious sneak though; it was more than likely he’d had access like this for years and had never been caught using it before. Typing in the access codes to a backdoor server Mycroft grunted his approval as the red indicator lights on the screen swapped to green.
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s ego had twinged a bit at that. “You are aware I’m a highly trained doctor and a war veteran?” He’d responded, more than a little miffed that the other man thought so lowly of him. Mycroft wasn't interested in listening though, and John found himself leaving Mycroft's abode without the other man's backing.
The first thing that hit him was a rushing wave of scent that was almost overwhelming in its veracity. The familiar smell of petrichor and electricity mixed with painful peppercorn tones and a sharp, fearful zing of lemon that had John flinching back. Layered on top of it all was the horrible, rich scent of iron.
Standing up from his crouched position beside the omega, John sprinted to the window. It was a moment's work to peak out the glass, checking for any suspicious activity. The street outside his flat was clear of everything but debris.  At the sight of the empty street, he allowed himself a moment his body bowed down, bent with sheer exhaustion. Clutching his aching side with his free hand, he drew in ragged breaths past his swelling trachea.
Rocking his hips, John was the first to start them in that age-old rhythm, using Sherlock's arms as leverage, until Sherlock joined in, meeting him thrust for thrust. Sherlock slid out to the tip, then pistoned his hips forward, deep into John with a sharp thrust. The new position had John welcoming him easily. Sherlock dragged fingers down warm skin, biting them against John's hips and gripping tight as he picked up the pace, thrusting into John with slow deep drives of his cock. Slick spilled from within the omega, staining the sheets and filling the air with the heady scent of John.
Despite his misgivings, the operations went off with only minor issues. Gunfire taking one casualty on the side of the perpetrator's. Though Sherlock doubted anyone would mourn the man's death. The end result was that they now had over a dozen wanted men in custody and just north of twenty-five captured omegas now in safe hands. Or as safe as they could be, considering the horrible things they'd been through. The trafficking ring had been larger than Sherlock had predicted, and there were signs that it extended far beyond this small building. The case wasn't over yet, but this was a good enough victory for everyone for now.
"There's nothing here, Lestrade. Did you pick up any laptops? Electronics?" Sherlock snarled into his headpiece.
Sherlock shook his head, trying to clear out the sound. In front of him August, not John, was growing more distressed. When his cries brought no relief he resorted to words, his hands dug like claws at the wool of Sherlock’s coat. “Help me-help-help!” August broke down into gibbering snarls and sobs. He rocked in Sherlock’s arms, his movements becoming more and more violent the longer Sherlock went without understanding his scent cues. Before Sherlock realized what was happening the young man was lunging forward, using his grip on Sherlock’s coat for leverage as his teeth snapped only millimeter’s from Sherlock’s throat.
"What kind of question is that?" John flinched, taking a step back from the suddenly concerned eyes. More than a little confused by the change in subject. “I don’t think I’m the one we should be worrying about right now. Sherlock’s out there, alone.” John clenched his hands in his hair, a nervous habit he had developed over the last few months. He’d be bald by summer's end at this rate.
a cure-all for medical ailments. His coming into your life may have helped ease the symptoms, but they will not just disappear. And while a certain amount of adrenaline helps you along. We are not living in a fairy tale.” Mycroft spoke his words emphasized by the sharp click of his umbrella as he fell in stride beside John on his right side. “We all have weaknesses that must be accounted for.”
"Well...with the right motivation, sure. It's a survival tactic. Why?" John asked, his head tilting.
Take Note:
Sherlock thought, grinning toothily. Yes, that'd be terrible indeed.
Quick change of plan. Sherlock saw the glint of a gun at Brody's side and yanked it from his holster with deft fingers, spinning to face Colt and only barely managing to stay on his feet through a wave of vertigo. Colt's scowling features met his own, his gun leveled at Sherlock.
“Eat the tangerine first,” Mycroft commanded with a scowl fit for a school teacher. John scowled back, not to set on being told what to do. He didn't appreciate being treated like he was some fussy teen. “And I bought them for… a friend,” Mycroft explained, tapping one blunt trimmed nail on the porcelain of his cup. John blinked, not sure how his storming into Mycroft’s home had devolved into the two of them having an actual, civil, conversation.
“Yeah…yeah, we did good, huh?” John question, his cheeks staining a bright red. Reading between the lines Sherlock took that to mean something along the lines of:
there, maybe things would have turned out differently, and Sherlock would be in the room with them, enjoying a cup of tea.
"Besides, your probably more upset about the Keeper getting away, than almost being shot." John offered, a warm, soothing scent seeping from his pores.
John had never believed in the kind, gentle, and refined omega’s described in romance novels and movies. He
Sherlock rolled his eyes and waited for the classic response. These things took an inordinate amount of time.
“I’m sorry, sweetheart.” He reached out and squeezed her small hand. She leaned against him for a moment, probably finding his omega scent comforting. He was more than willing to let her, knowing that for most children, and even many adults, the scent of a kind omega could have a calming effect. It was one of the small things that made him a better doctor, and he was used to using it to his benefit. He could only assume that Anya had happened to see the traffickers in action. John had to wonder why they were transferring the children? Had something happened to make them abandon their location, and where were they transferring them? Too many questions and he had the answer to none of them. It did tell him one thing, this human trafficking business was real. “Do you remember where it was?” He questioned, hating to ask, and put the girl in danger, but needing to know. His anger simmered in the back of his mind. It disgusted him that something so horrible was happening right under the noses of every English citizen.
They chased their combined pleasure higher and higher until John was groaning beneath him, one arm clenched into the swells of pillows above his head, abs a taut line of muscle as his other hand worked up and down his own shaft chasing that final release. Sherlock bowed his head between their bodies, watched the slide and peak of John's hand while he worked his hand just the way he liked it. The head of his cock peaked from within John's grasp, reddened and eager, and no doubt aching to the touch. The muscles surrounding Sherlock tensed, rippling around Sherlock's thick length.
Maeve stepped in next to him, pursing her lips. “Meet Eric Bates. According to the credit card, it’s stolen, but it puts a name to the face.” She waved the piece of plastic.
“You have a tail.” Mycroft’s voice warned, and John cursed. Now that Mycroft mentioned it he could hear the sound of footsteps racing after him. There was the sound of a gun going off, and a bullet ricocheted off the brick near John’s feet. A warning shot, most defiantly not intended to be lethal. Whoever these people were, they were looking to capture, not kill.
"Probably right. This is a clusterfuck, isn't it? Wouldn't want him to hear it, though. He isn't one to be coddled." Lestrade chuckled under his breath. Though Sherlock couldn't be certain what was warranted laughter. It was indeed a fact that John absolutely despised being coddled.
Standing far enough away for his scent not to alarm the omegas, Sherlock watched them being evacuated, forcing himself not to appear too brooding. Ambulances lined the streets, lights flashing, sending sprawling glints of blue across the greying brick and over the haunted faces of the omegas. The sound of omega wails was heartwrenching in itself. Soft keening calls for help that pulled at all of his instincts. He resisted their call. The betas had it well in hand. They were made for comforting, and most were trained for how to handle situations like this.
Sherlock turned his head, examining the sun crisped, browning countryside with assessing eyes, and a hyper-vigilance that came from months of being hunted. The only break in the monotone color was the abundance of yellow agrimony blossoms that dotted the acres ahead. They’d made it out of the city three days ago. Resource had run out, the dead had overrun the streets, and at some point, it’d just become too much. Out here it was a bit like culture shock. Neither he or John had come across another human being, alive or dead since their first day out of the city. They also hadn’t come across much food, but it was Sherlock’s opinion that the transition had been well worth the cost.
Sherlock blinked, turning away from the mirror and heading back to the room with feet that slapped lightly against the wood floor. “I met your twin today.” He admitted as he stepped back into the room and handed the square of cloth over to John.
"Oh, a day or so." Sherlock moaned out. Why was he answering her questions? Was he the idiot, ugh, he was the idiot, wasn't he? Driven to stupidity by fever and a couple of gunshot wounds.
John laughed aloud at that, shaking his head. “I’m an omega Sherlock; we’re built to take a good shagging.” Despite his protests, though, he does not bother getting up from the bed when Sherlock does. He was proper exhausted after yesterday's stint at St. Bart’s and even more so after their escapades the night before.
He wasn’t wearing any socks, why wasn’t he wearing socks?
Less than fifteen minutes later Sherlock trudged his way up the lit stairwell to their flat, his shoes gathered in one hand, his greatcoat folded over the crook of his other arm. Stockinged feet picked their way silently up the stairs. The knob to their door was cool to the touch and opened with a drowsy creak.
“Get in. Boss needs ‘em with ‘is heartbeatin’,” Came a sharp command. That confirmed one thing, they had no reason to shoot and kill. John watched from his position hidden behind the door, a sense of measured relief coming over him. The shorter of the two, and a full-blooded omega, stepped into the room. His gun cocked at shoulder height, elbows lose, and leading the way with the weapon like it was a dog on a leash. He looked like he’d watched one too many cop shows. If he did get a shot off, the recoil alone would probably knock the idiot out. The unknown omega brought with him the cloyingly sweet scent of berries and oatmeal overlaid with the iron smell of blood sharp and bubbling with excitement and anticipation.
Pulling his phone from his pocket he unlocked it and brought up his most recent text from John. It was a well-focused picture of a shoeprint, with a quarter from John’s pocket dropped for size comparison. The photograph had been taken only the day before when they had been interrupted at the warehouses.
Sherlock growled a noise of appreciation, breaking into a run. The omega laughed, dashing down the hall, the sheet billowing out behind him like a flag.
"Oh, shite." Colt jolted upright, blood-smeared hands moving, so he held them out in front of him.
Isn’t Sherlock adorably poetic? Everything he thinks is for John and about John. He’s so internalized that I think writing some of these scenes from John’s perspective might have made him seem cold because he’s one heavy thinker. I don’t want him to be cold, inside Sherlock is a fire, he just doesn’t quite know how to express it out loud. John is probably one of the few who can see that deep, who gets exactly what’s going on in Sherlock’s thick skull.
Back tense with raising pleasure, Sherlock choked on his own saliva as John enveloped him with slippery warmth, the tight rim of muscle barely letting Sherlock in despite all the preparation Sherlock had given him. It clenched, tense and needy, then relented, spasming around Sherlock's thick cock.
"Not anymore." Sherlock felt inordinately pleased for Brody to have lost his seat, and he was growing to like this Colt chap, baddy or not he had some standards.
“Goodbye John.”
Sherlock scowled, eyes turning to Colt's gun, same make, some look. From this angle, he could see the safety, simple enough. His finger moving for the button was punctuated by Colt's soft put upon sigh.
an alpha.” John panted, biting his lower lip, the muscles of his neck distended as he dug his head back into the pillow. Sherlock snorted, he was well aware of his secondary gender.
Recognizing one's mortality was always a bit of a downer. However, recognizing the mortality of the man he had been harboring feelings for the last couple of years was quite possibly worse.
"What are you saying, Tabitha." Greg Eddington snapped.
“Tell me where you are, I’ll come to you.”
Mycroft caught up easily, barely extending his legs to keep up with John’s faster pace. “While that is a nice concept Doctor, you should know better than anyone that my dear brother is
John reached out a hand, maybe waved it in an effort to gain Sherlock’s attention, his blunt fingertips flickering through the air. It attracted Sherlock’s attention, a moth to the metaphorical flame. That small, simple gesture, combined with the worry in John’s voice broke whatever resolve Sherlock had bolstered himself with on the ride home.
"No," Despite his discomfort, Sherlock shook his head. "Look at him, Lestrade, really look at him," Sherlock ordered.
Putting his concerns behind a door in his Mind Palace, he set to getting his drug-addled body back into working order. Slow, careful movement were essential. He started with isometric clenching and relaxing of muscles until the fibrous tissue worked free the drug, and his muscles began to feel fully functional. His arms and legs awoke from their forced stasis, coming alive with pinpricks and the feeling of ants crawling on skin. A quick assessment had him feeling a limited amount of confidence. The blow to the face had rattled his jaw, and his right hand would be almost useless in its current condition, the ligaments to swollen with infection. He could work with that.
Flushing the loo one more time for safety’s sake, he sloshed some mouthwash into his mouth and headed out to the kitchen, spitting the minty stuff down the drain before snatching his grey jacket from the rack and heading to the door, thinking of their last run in the day before. It still rankled that neither of them had noticed the man snooping that close to them. His instincts had been so shell shocked at the scent of Sherlock’s blood that he had hardly been aware of his surroundings. Mycroft had been a little busy trying to bring him down off the edge of a full-blown omega drop to notice the other man sneaking up. That had been just yesterday, and John would be a liar if he said that the incident didn't shake him. The soldier in him seethed internally at the threat.
John is my favorite character, because he is a bit of everything. Strong, good-hearted, modest, quick to anger. So many options really. I’m playing around with his more brutal side in this fic, but I also just want to let him shine as a caring person. There are little moments with Mycroft that still are bringing out that kind John we love. This is also our first real introduction into what exactly Mycroft does, are you excited? I am! It leaves on a bit of a sour note, our poor omega has been kidnapped. Suffice to say John needs some hugs.  The next chapter is going to be from Mycroft’s perspective. Our plot is finally building and we are going to get some of those questions answered that we’ve been asking!
Mycroft shrugged. “I’m not saying anything that Sherlock hasn’t told me. He was worried that this case would have possible….triggers.”
“Hmm…aren’t you lovely.” John croaks, his voice still hazy from sleepy.
"Can you do that on purpose?"
He had been sleeping on the couch instead, too uncomfortable staying in either bedroom, instead opting for the familiar comfort the sofa brought. It still smelled of Sherlock, and if it had gathered a few shirts and blankets that were similarly familiar, there was no one around to complain.
Taking out his phone, he typed a rapid message and hit send.
He made it only a few steps away before a sharp jab of pain at the back of his neck jolted down his spine and had him crying out in pain and jerking around to face the source of it. The tourist, or whatever the hell he was, backed away slowly, arms up in the air, trying to appear nonthreatening. The glimpse of something metal in his palm was testament enough against that.
Sherlock swayed in place, the edges of his vision were darkening and it was getting difficult to stay upright. “If I recall correctly, and I do, the last man who did something similar ended up with a bullet in the heart.” The scowl on the other alpha’s face was quiet worth the punch to his chin that occurred a moment later. Sherlock grunted as a ham sized fist greeted his face, sending pain blazing into his skull and stars glittering in his eyes. He went with the hit, reducing the injury just by letting his body move backward with the blow, a trick learned from years of being bullied before he’d learned to protect himself.
"How smart can he be if Jacob took a one-up on him, hmm?" There was the sound of his phone vibrating, followed by the tap-tap of fingers flying on glass. Sherlock opened his eyes enough to peak and watch as Brody strolled away from him. Shoved into the corner behind the desk as he was, he could no longer see the armchair over the bulk of it, so Colt was an unknown. Brody was standing though, his red hair standing out against the backdrop of dark grey brick. His back faced Sherlock as he chatted with Colt.
This close he could see the difference between August and John, a slightly rounder face, skin too pale, eyebrows too thin, younger by fifteen years at the least, body soft from a desk job. Along with that his skin was red-rimmed around his eyes, puffy and swollen from pain, or maybe tears. There were other differences too, differences of a medical nature. Large blue veins stood out at his neck and crept up his face, stark and standing out against pale skin. The open sores around his mouth and neck were the worst. Leaking putrid fluids in tones of green and pus yellow.
He kept those words tight to his chest as he started them moving into a slow, rocking rhythm. There was plenty of time to explore this thing they had just begun, and maybe they were a secret he wasn't ready to share just yet.
“Oh, I’m sure of that. You probably put truffle oil and caviar on your omelet.” John snarked, absently biting into a digestive, the spiced ginger taste of it lingering on his tongue. For once, his stomach didn’t fight him on the idea of actual food, and he sighed in relief. If this whole thing with Sherlock didn’t devolve into him developing a stomach ulcer, he would be surprised.
"Yeah, get me a cup."
Mycroft settled into a chair across from him, taking his sweetened tea in hand, along with a biscuit. “Hmm, never did like ginger.” He admitted aloud, his large hand completely dwarfing the little teacup as he sipped and then bit into a biscuit in turn.
He didn’t have a chance to mourn their loss. His vision rushed away in hazy black, his body crumbling to the cab seat as he dropped like a puppet with its strings cut loose. The last thing he was aware of was the scent of the car interiors worn leather as his head lolled loosely on his shoulders and pressed against the seat cushion.
"He'll be getting a shot in the head if he's infected, so best get on with it," Colt ordered from his place by the medic's bag, his hands dripping with hand-sanitizer.
“There you go, how about you tell me when you last saw Sherlock,” John asked, dragging in a shallow breath through his nose as he waited for her to speak. The whole area was bustling, large crowds drawn out thanks to the sunny day. He was familiar with this area the crowds were nothing new. There was a nice little cafe across the way, and several different shops, all open and displaying their wares in the windows. He stared out across the street towards the lit entrance of the cafe. He and Sherlock had shared lunch there many times over the last few years, but it’d been months since either of them had frequented the little place, and any scents of his missing lover were long gone.
John choked, unable to get in any oxygen through the tight band of pressure around his neck. Blinking through watering eyes, he stopped his mad grappling, forcing his panic down. Rocking against the weight of his assailant, he managed to get his legs under him, his heels scrambling against the throw rug underneath them. It took everything in him to gather his strength to buck his body backward, slamming his head back against the man holding him. Stars sparked in his vision when his head collided with something hard, bone hopefully, a nose or cheekbone. It wasn’t enough, the other man just cursing and squeezing his grip tighter until John’s eyes started to darken on the edges from lack of oxygen. Not ready to give in, John switched strategies. Instead of trying to yank the man’s arm off his throat, he twisted in the man’s grasp, slamming his elbow into the soft flesh of the other man’s solar plexus. Once…twice…three times, before the omega, gave in with muffled cry and released him. Gasping for breath, John contorted away from his attacker, rolling off him and onto his belly.
He found what he was looking for in the room the furthest down the hallway. Heard it in soft, rasping gasps of pain and quiet, fearful moans that only an alpha's keen ears might have picked up on. Reaching out with one leather-clad foot, Sherlock opened the last door on the left with a light push of his toe. The hinge creaked hideously loud in the echoing darkness, opening the way to the dark recess of a windowless room, a storage cabinet, or a janitorial closet, perhaps?
Through the ringing of the gunshot in his ears, John could hear the omega yelling obscenities behind him. Struggling to his feet, John turned around in time to catch sight of the omega forcing himself to stand, a switchblade in his palm. Seeing the threat, John didn’t even think. Switching to his less dominant left hand, he raised the gun and with a sharp
******
"I trust you. Doesn't make this any easier, though." Lestrade admitted, scratching at his chin, where a five-o'clock shadow was eeking its way towards a beard. Neither one of them looked at their best. It'd been a long day. A long month!
As always, feed your writers, kudos and comments are much appreciated my smushy faced loves!
it came with his position. At the drop of a hat he could tell you who was doing what and where they were doing it. He knew the inner workings of all of England, and well beyond. To have his wings clipped in such a way, was up to this point, near unheard of. Just about the only thing he currently knew was that John was being hounded on the dodgy streets of London, and had now admitted to being hit with some sort of knock out drug.
As it was, he could hear the heavy tromp of Mycroft’s oxfords on the steps outside the flat. He scowled in annoyance, not sure what wayward brain cell had decided to ask the all-mighty Mycroft for help was a good idea.
For his part, Eddington was starring at Sherlock with all of the consideration a butcher gave a cow. "Interesting that…changes our plans." Crouching down beside Tabitha, he seemed to consider his options. Close as he was, he had pruny black eyes the same color as his hair. "Right, take him to the lab, Tabitha, I want him examined, I want to know him down to his very DNA."
It only took only a moment to reach into his pocket and pull out his cellphone, dialing 999 was a relief. Eyeing the bite wound on the back of his palm he grimaced as the phone rang against his ear.
John dragged in a harsh breath, and Sherlock felt the omega's lungs tense up with suppressed emotions. Was he thinking the same thing?
“I’m a Beta darling. This is basically in the job description. I might be asexual, but instincts are instincts” Mycroft raised an eyebrow, his thumb leaving a lingering trail of comfort up the column of John’s throat. Mycroft's pompous voice was oddly soothing as it rumbled against his chest, where their two bodies leaned against each other.
“Sounds good darling, it’s getting rather hot!” Sherlock admitted, pushing his sweat laden hair off his forehead. John grunted his agreement, the humming of cicada’s singing drowning out the sound of his voice as he raised his arms above his head in a slow stretch that flashed the tight, hollow expanse of his belly.
"How long?"
"What?" John asked, raising one pale eyebrow.
There was no room to over-think. To analyze how best to bring the two men down, he needed to act, and quickly, before his opportune moment was lost.
Painfully so.
“Cells…” He whispered, sickened by the revelation. Taking a step forward he dug the toe of his shoe into the metal fixture; it was solidly set in the ground, immovable. Mycroft followed his gaze, and John watched as he came to the same conclusion, eyes narrowing “These once were the bases to prison cells. To keep them captive." Looking out across the vast expanse of the building, he noted the braces lined most of the floor. "Hundreds of them, ” He could only imagine the workforce it would take to run an operation so large. Even more so, to than breakdown the makeshift prison without a single person sounding the alarm about it. "This isn't some small-time smugglers. This is a legitimate operation with money backing it."
Warnings for unreasonable morning afterglow and adorable fluff.
In his arms August took up that aching Omega Wail again, but there were none of the scent triggers that would have told Sherlock what the young man needed. Sherlock cringed, his instincts screaming to
"I can't believe people call you emotionless. If only Mycroft knew."
“Bullocks!” John was the first to react. He kicked the door closed with a sharp jerk of his leg before either man could stop him. Cursing under his breath, he slammed home the deadbolt and spun around. Outside he could hear the sound of angry shouting, and one of the men banged on the door, making the wood shudder. He flinched at the sharp sound. Inside, his mind worked with the rapid-fire thought process of a military man.
So he kept his mouth shut because being John’s friend was better than not having John at all.
John stalked forward and kicked the knife out of the man’s reach, disarming him with the precision of someone who had done it a dozen times. It took nothing to shove him over, rapidly searching through the omega’s pockets until he came up with a spare clip of bullets for the gun. He held no remorse for the injured man; the doctor in him pushed to the background of his mind by the Captain who was in full-blown survival mode.
“This young lady is a close second in terms of success, current state aside she managed to last against the virus for three months without full loss of self. We are pushing the boundaries of science Jacob. Oh - but forgive me, I’m passionate about our goals. I see you have your hands full - Is this who I think it is?”
“Oh yeah? Should I remind you I only have a sister?” John raised his eyebrow incredulously, his voice warm and playful. He was so different from August, features open and pain-free. The smile on the edges of his lips faded at the sad look in Sherlock’s eyes. “Bad than?” The omega questioned, reaching out and taking Sherlock’s hand in his own, squeezing Sherlock's fingers in a show of concern.
"Dammit." Sherlock cursed under his breath, watching with dismay as they moved out, dashing across the street and closing in on the dusky old building.
It'd been one of the nicest compliments Sherlock had ever received. He kept the memory of it in his Mind Palace, safe and treasured. Which was neither here nor there really, other than the fact that his mind kept trying to impose John's beloved features over this strangers face.
The thought was too atrocious to consider; the vision of August's face twisted with illness to similar to John's for comfort.
It had taken that long for authorities to notice a pattern from the uptick in the number of cases. Even then, it only came to Mycroft's notice when some well-off couple, with high-up connections, had their daughter taken. The trafficker's had become brazen with time.
“Come on then.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow as John slipped past him and made a detour to the liquor cabinet to bring down a bottle of brandy, waving for Sherlock to follow with the three fingers that weren’t gripping the bottle by the neck. Sherlock shook his head, laughing under his breath, but followed behind John anyway. “I’m not gonna have our first shag be on the kitchen table with Mrs. Hudson getting an earful downstairs.”
"Jesus, thanks for reminding a man about his dry ovaries, and right after mind-blowing, life-altering sex too. That brain of yours never rests," John chuckled. He didn't seem to be upset, playful more than anything, and maybe a little bit amazed. Turning his head, the omega pressed a kiss to Sherlock's cheek, the gesture letting Sherlock know that John wasn't offended. It felt butterfly light against Sherlock's skin. His finger's carded through Sherlock's hair, dragging through tangled black locks.
anything. This being kept in the dark was not working. All he could do was dwell and dwell on the fact the Sherlock wasn't there. He wasn't a detective, he'd learned that very quickly in the months following Sherlock's disappearance. His own search had turned up nothing. Mostly because he had nothing to go by.
Sherlock thought as he deposited the bottle of brandy on the nightstand. A deep alpha growl of approval rumbled in his chest as John worked himself up to a full erection with a couple swipes of his palm, not even remotely self-conscious. All the while thinking it was was worth observing that it wasn’t the physical that made John blush.
He did not give the man a chance to answer, launching himself forward and snagging the taller man by his throat, it was the work of a moment to step into the man’s space and swing his own leg behind the brown-haired man's knees, kicking his legs out from under him. Sending the fool to the ground with a snarl of pent up fury. He was sure to maintain his hand on the man’s sweaty neck using his considerable strength to slam his balding head into the concrete. Kneeling down one foot came down hard on the other man’s wrist, his weight pressing the tendons as he crouched. The open sides of his coat hid the press of his gun against the prone man’s heart, obscuring the weapon from sight as the rest of London avoided their scuffle with the jaded indifference of people who couldn’t really give a shit. Transferring his phone to his other ear he ground on the man’s arm until his wrist twitched open. John barely heard the man’s shout of protest before he was snatching whatever it was in his hand and darting away, leaving him groaning on the ground.
They’d both agreed.
"Sherlock, have you ever known me to be squeamish?" John asked, sounding close to being annoyed. Sherlock groaned, ducking his head.
Spreading the swell of John's thighs, Sherlock settled onto his belly and took his omega into his lips, growling his approval as John thrust upwards and sought out the warm heat of Sherlock's mouth. The omega fit beautifully in his throat. Sherlock swallowed him down to the base, working his lips and tongue around the steel core of the other man, before easing into a slow, steady rhythm, lips pursed around the turgid flesh as he sucked John off.
Sherlock thought, pressing a large palm over his face. Digging at his eyes with thumb and forefinger, he tried to rub away the salty crust that had lingered on his lashes since he'd watched the ambulance crew take young Sebastian away.
Mycroft sat up straighter as well, all business. “We had reason to suspect that they were dabbling in human trafficking, perhaps medical experimentation.” He explained.
“Look at you like what?” Sherlock questioned, not bothering to feel offended, instead just following John’s orders and, dropping down to wrap himself around the omega in a warm tangle of limbs.
"Oh, I hate this part," Sherlock admitted, holding his hand out despite his protests.
“I’m never-” Sherlock choaked as John shifted his hips beneath him, attempting to get comfortable. “-daft.” John just rolled his eyes, then moaned as he found a more comfortable position, spreading his legs wider to accommodate for Sherlock’s size and tilting his hips upwards. One leg shifted to hook over Sherlock’s shoulder again in a fascinating display of flexibility. Sherlock groaned his own approval as the new position eased him in deeper. His hands settled one on John’s hips the other on his leg, to keep him supported where he wanted to be.
“Oh, don’t be an over-reactive ninny, John. He hardly meant you to take it so...personally.” Mycroft’s voice faded as he walked away, catching a whiff of something familiar coming from the back of the building. A light, barely-there scent that was almost overwhelmed by the stench of the place. If he had been walking any faster, he might not have even caught the scent at all. Stumbling to a halt he spun in place, ignoring Mycroft’s raised eyebrow and blessedly silent mouth, to focus on that evasive aroma before it disappeared entirely. Beside him, he heard Mycroft inhale slowly, trying to catch the same scent John had.
happen. What was the point of eliminating an entire subset now, unless the goal was to make everyone equal, everyone the same on some base level?
The gunshot rang true, spraying crimson across wheat gold grass and alimony flowers. The cicada’s sang on, interrupted by grief.
His eyes flickered between the heavy man and the cab then down to the syringe (it had to be a syringe) in his hand. Piece’s of the puzzle began to fall into place, and he narrowed his eyes.
He shivered as his bare skin exposed to the predawn light.  John was at home in his body, comfortable and self-assured. Sure he’d seen himself in the mirror often enough to know he was not the most magnificent sight to behold. Even for an omega, he was short.  While he exercised consistently, his muscles had started to soften slightly with age. He had more scars than most omega’s should, but he’d earned those, so he could hardly complain about that.
John lie sprawled on the bed, completely nude, and displayed in all his glory. He was nothing but well-used muscles and sun-kissed skin; he looked like a lured picture picked right from Sherlock’s deepest fantasies. The omega’s cock rested ruddy and heavy against his belly and bobbed slightly under the weight of Sherlock’s gaze.
“Yes, I see you.”
The omega was getting into a more populated section of the city, with people out in droves, making it a little easier for him to blend in with the crowd. Behind him John heard more shouting, glancing over his shoulder he groaned at the sight of a woman and two men turning onto his block. They hardly seem to care that their guns were out and exposed, ignoring any cries of fear as they passed, searching for John in the crowds.
“They’ve been operating for quite some time,” Mycroft added, his voice a sharp with anger. “Right under our noses, might I add.”
In his ear John let out a slow hiss of pain and surprise, finally answer Mycroft. “Fuck. Yeah, that hit an artery.” Mycroft shoved back his panic at Johns words. Emotion never promoted clear thinking, and he
John, who had cleansed the wound, who had held his hand unprotected, and kissed him, and so much more. Their exchange of bodily fluids had been rather significant, from what he could recall of the night before, which was all of it. Sherlock shuddered, closing his eyes.
“Lovely, I see you’ve treated the wounds.” Mycroft jerked his head to the two men, sending them off to take care of things.
- John got his ass handed to him by an omega. Yes, that did happen, I'm trying to remove gender biases from my fic. There won't be any of that discriminatory hate speech. No omega mollycoddling ( relationships don't apply), you won't find someone asking "What the heck is that omega doing out of the kitchen."
They moved and touched and explored each other with eager touches and skilled hand until both of them were panting and gasping for more. Until the former army captain was left an unthinking mess under his hands, moaning and keening for more, exactly how Sherlock wanted him.
"I think you like being romanced." Sherlock shoved off the door frame with his shoulder, his left hand shoving an errant curl of hair off his forehead as his right reached for the bottle. Looking into John's eyes, he brought the drink to his lips. His adam's apple worked as he swallowed down a liberal mouthful, the burn of the alcohol heating its way down into his empty belly. John's eyes latched onto the movement of his throat then slid downward as Sherlock set to work on the buckle of his belt, slipping the leather through the buckle until it came undone. Sherlock thrived under the omega's watchful eyes, his own eyes going dark and eager.
