Sherlock guided the car from the main road onto a narrower street that wound itself along Brighton’s outskirts. Lush greenery surrounded them here, waving briskly in the breeze of the sea. The smell of salt entered the car and John closed his eyes, his olfactory senses enhancing the experience even more.
There was a moment of hesitation and John feared Sherlock would not want to divulge the information, but the detective’s lips twitched then, his eyes sparkling a bit, and John knew he had him.
He could already smell them from afar and although he didn’t have a heartbeat any longer and he didn’t need to breathe anymore, he felt as if his heart skipped a beat and he took an unconscious deep breath, his feet running from the carriage to the door of the small house as fast as lightning speed. Their reunion was full of tears and big hugs and John felt complete again. The bad news from London had spread quickly and Mary and Hamish had been worried that John had died while treating a patient. Now he could appease them with his presence.
Were there ways to live as a vampire without being a monster? John somehow doubted that. Yet there before him stood a man, not a beast as John would have imagined vampires to be. Had he found a way, by any chance?
Sherlock’s eyes found his again and the pleasure displayed in them upon hearing the praise would have taken John’s breath away if he had had the need to breathe.
Without waiting for John's reaction, Mycroft rose and stepped through the door the men had held open for him.
Estrode became a mentor, someone always ready to dispense advice when needed and one of the few who didn’t judge John for choosing to never drink fresh human blood again. Others sneered at him, taunting him sometimes, yet John stood his ground. He was a doctor, trained to heal, not kill.
If Mycroft was surprised, he did not show it. He merely inclined his head with an air of exasperation born from a lifetime of dealing with Sherlock once he had set his stubborn mind to something.
The shot rang out – a last one, well-aimed, fired before their own grenade took the shooter out. Osmond Sacker went down, dropping to the ground in an agonised heap. Bill was at his side in an instance, certain his comrades would cover him as he worked off Osmond's uniform to see the damage.
“I will do no such thing,” Estrode growled, baring his fangs, which was something he very rarely did when it came to politics simply because it was an unfair intimidation technique. Estrode was older than Dale, considerably so. It was a biological imperative to bow to your superiors for a vampire.
“We were informed you have been in close contact to Sean MacCafferty. He disappeared during an important deal with me and some colleagues and I are trying to find him. Can you tell us anything about him?”
John's return and lack of visible change didn't go unnoticed by Mrs Hudson and Sherlock. The latter had already wondered for a long while now, even before John left, why he didn't seem to age. When he was ten Sherlock had got his first library card and visited the local library as often as he could, practically devouring every book that gave him information about human biology, what people did to look younger and stories and myths about people who hadn't aged for decades.
Mary should have listened to him. With the help of John and a fellow midwife of hers she gave birth to Charlotte, a beautiful little girl with blonde tufts of hair and clear blue eyes, looking very much like John while Hamish looked a lot like Mary. She was a healthy baby and while John went to clean her and put her in white linen sheets, the midwife tended to Mary. With the enticing smell of blood in the room, John was quite glad to leave it and wash his daughter. He should have stayed, he realised afterwards, and made sure the midwife washed her hands properly. That day he learnt the fatal consequences of unclean hands.
Out of the corner of his eyes John saw Sherlock moving, presumably about to approach the guards, yet before he could so much as step forward, Sterling and Trevelyan had already called out to the men, drawing their attention.
"Yes, that will be all," was the detective’s cool reply, which obviously grated the butler, yet finally made him take his leave through a narrow corridor next to the entrance door. John sighed, a bit of the tension in his shoulders draining as they heard the butler’s footsteps recede in the distance.
Several weeks later, another gruesome killing spree shook the vampire community since the murderer left a trail of beheaded, naked vampires behind. They all sported the tattoo of a spider on a part of their body and there was no blood on the victims when Sherlock examined them. He finally connected the dots – the ones killed by the pills had looked the same at the time of their death. Blue veins standing out from underneath their pallid skin, ice-cold bodies and red-rimmed eyes. With everything he had read about vampires at the forefront of his mind and the image of the beheaded vampires burnt into his eyes, he went to confront his brother, who had always listened to his murder deductions with a cool façade, to ask if he knew anything about them.
With every day that passed he felt their connection growing stronger. He wrote Estrode about the developments, worried about the strong attachment that was blooming in him for the boy. He couldn’t help but wonder how far it would progress – would he fall in love with the boy? Would he start lusting after him?
John didn’t doubt his words, expecting that they wouldn’t be treated with kid gloves. From his tussle he knew how strong this vampire was. He was matching John in strength which meant that he was at least three hundred years old. He wondered how old the other vampires were that resided in the house. If they were called to give a helping hand in their current situation, then John and Sherlock wouldn’t stand a chance. There was only one way to keep the peace.
Everhart's human was watching him, Sherlock noted. Her eyes were slanted, broadcasting her mistrust loud and clear despite the electrifying touch of John's fingers against his bare skin. Feeling bold, Sherlock placed his hand on the vampire's side, just below the ribs, palm flattened to cover as much as he could. He might never get another chance again, so Sherlock mirrored the strokes he felt against his nape, drawing luxurious paths into John's skin through the almost too-thin layer of his clothing. He was so captivated by the sensation that he almost missed when Everhart spoke again.
Nothing in Sherlock's eyes betrayed even a hint of… of anything, really. They were cold, his face closed off. John could not even determine whether or not Sherlock had figured out he was a vampire – though knowing Sherlock, he surely had. So why no scathing remark? Or was he still angry with John for leaving him that he didn't know what to say? He wouldn't hold it against him. He had every right to be angry. What had happened to the young boy who couldn't stop talking or who would tell everyone in hearing distance about his deductions?
"We have to look at all of it, don’t we?" she asked. "I mean – we’ll have to be thorough, and, uh –"
Especially the manner in which John talked about the mother, Diane Holmes, caught Estrode’s attention. She seemed to be beautiful, intelligent and an all-around perfect woman. John seemed happier with her in his life than he had been for decades, if not centuries.
"We are here to question you in the context of several murders," John obeyed hurriedly, fearing that Sherlock might lead with an insulting deduction and ruin every chance of making the lady cooperate.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders, leaning back smugly in his chair and said: “Oh, it has evolved into 'Piss off! '”
"I will have to inform my supervisor," the guard told them and left, presumably to do as he had said.
Pushing these worrying thoughts aside, John sat down like all the others on an empty seat and faced the person who had asked for their attention. He introduced himself as AIC Carter Brown, who had been charged with their team of selected people to give them information about why they were here and what their mission was about.
A tall man sat down next to him, interrupting his reminiscing. Estrode didn’t need to glance over to know who had joined him at the bar, waving down the barman for a glass of blood.
"Morning," John said, opting for a polite greeting in the hope it might lead to a longer conversation than the one they had held yesterday.
“What have you been up to?” John asked lightly to distract the young boy who glared at his guardian.
"I must inform you to not touch the portraits or any other private items in this household. Please bear in mind that many of them are antique family heirlooms and have to be handled with caution," he said in a stern tone of voice.
“We were informed you have been in close contact to Sean MacCafferty. He disappeared during an important deal with me and some colleagues and I are trying to find him. Can you tell us anything about him?”
He watched as Sherlock’s lips thinned. Other than that the man gave no visible reaction, so John decided to wrap up the interrogation.
The ensuing tussle was over within mere seconds, too fast for a human eye to comprehend, yet in the end both of them landed on their feet, staring at each other.
The change from the Victorian era to Imperialism also brought a change for John. Suddenly he was faced with the fact that the world was becoming bigger and England was looking for new territory. To escape boredom and routine in Scotland he joined the Armed Forces and fought in the British-Afghan-Wars, benefiting from a vampire underground organisation which provided him with false papers. He disappeared from the European continent until the outbreak of World War One.
"Yes, sure," Molly agreed readily. To John it seemed as though she was quite glad about her task. "I can inform you as soon as I see anything."
The boy snorted, clearly unimpressed with John’s lack of deductive skills. “It was to be vacant until you returned and I needed space for my experiments. Don’t touch anything in the kitchen. The data is sensitive.”
Victoria swirled a curl of her hair around her finger. “I’ll let you in on that if you grant me a wish,” she said with a sly smile. “I’d like to have a sip from your pet.”
The vampire had merely smiled, an explanation of knowing where the true power lied falling smoothly from her lips. Mycroft was wary of her, yet had no choice but to trust her information.
John was smiling now, and it was doing strange things to Sherlock’s chest. The vampire leaned back then, a challenge in his eyes.
"Let's find an outfit for you, then," he said, motioning to the wardrobe. Sherlock cleared his throat and finally broke his stupor. He seemed to be looking for something, judging by the focussed movements of his hands as they went through the array of clothing.
At seeing John again, Sherlock was sure that he belonged to them. He watched the man every time they met, always careful that John didn't notice because he feared that John would leave again, but then for good if he confronted him with his deductions. So Sherlock kept quiet and enjoyed every day he saw John. He was completely oblivious about John's deep affection for him and felt as comfortable around him as he had before John left.
John watched her for a moment, took another gulp from his cup and then looked poignantly at Sherlock.
Mrs Hudson saw Sherlock suffering quietly and gave him a dog for his fifteenth birthday and it seemed that the Irish Setter was able to fill the void John had left. Instead of constantly concocting new experiments, the young man dedicated most of his time to Redbeard until the day of his death ten years later.
“You too,” he said, watching her disappear on the steps and behind the door of her house with a twinkle in her eyes.
"I have not been in our Countess’ employ for over fifteen years because I tend to disregard regulations, Sir."
All too soon the doors opened, but instead of the officer John had expected, two other men entered, both dressed similar to British soldiers with subtle differences. They were meant to blend in yet did not seem to have any affiliation with John and his comrades.
It took John a moment, but when he caught on, he couldn’t help the smile that blossomed on his face.
John was already opening his mouth when a side door opened with a bang. Only John’s enhanced vision enabled him to actually glimpse the male figure rushing up to Sherlock, and only his vampiric reflexes allowed him to step into the person’s path. The momentum of their collision threw them both to the ground and John was able to gather he was dealing with a fellow male vampire before a fist connected with his jaw.
Estrode waved him off with a curt gesture and resumed the task of opening his mail that had been abandoned after Dale had barged into his office.
If Henricus Estrode thought the 1960s had been exhausting and unnerving, he did not know how to describe the 1970s. However, underneath his exasperation with the human tendency to continuously cause trouble by challenging established norms lay a fascination with their race’s inability to stand still.
John’s return journey was brief, yet he had miscalculated and hit heavy traffic. Definitely a part of the modern world he could have done without, he groused. It was no help and by the time he reached his house, the sun was already low on the horizon.
John settled against the car door, taking in the landscape rushing past them outside and trying to stifle the feelings curling up in his chest.
They shook hands and Adler leant in to whisper in his ear. "Someone has their eye on you, Mr Watson."
John could not help the chuckle that escaped him. Of course Sherlock would have figured it out in a heartbeat. The other two remaining occupants in the room looked rather baffled, though.
"This is a tome on northern London earldoms, given that we are about to travel to Knebworth House in Hertfordshire. I am researching." With that he averted his gaze, training his eyes once more on the pages in front of him.
As his senses had told him there was only one human in the room – a woman he recognised from photos as Emily Somervell. Her thick, auburn hair fell in soft waves down her back, curling on her shoulders. John would have found it dubious that a woman like her would require the services of a dominatrix, yet since she preferred the company of female vampires, he could see that finding sexual partners who did not require financial compensation might prove difficult. Few vampires advertised their otherness away from specific fetish clubs. Which of course were unseemly for a countess to be spotted at.
"Let's see," Sherlock said, accepting the items from John. Their fingers did not touch, but John's throat tightened anyway.
The woman looked from John to Sherlock, licked her lower lip contemplatively before putting her phone into her bag.
We’re happy to present chapter 6. We know waiting time was long but we won't rush this story, just because real life interferes sometimes. Happy reading!
"That I was risking all our possessions and our lives… And she wondered what my parents would think of me."
"We are establishing a special operation unit that will investigate the killings and trace the perpetrators. Synthesising such a toxin requires funds and high-end equipment – I doubt uncovering the culprits shall be too difficult."
The cab had come to a stop opposite a five-star hotel in a bustling shopping street south of Kensington Gardens. The café in question was huddled snugly between a fashion retailer and a restaurant and was so small that it was easily overlooked. They were early enough that there were still several vacant seats, and Sherlock quickly calculated the spot most suited to their needs.
"I haven’t been to the sea for ages, " he murmured with a small smile on his lips. "I can taste the salt in my skin."
“Premature would imply there are plans for an actual revelation at a later point in time, and that, I can assure you, dear Mr Dale, is not the case.” “All the more reason for you to rescind the new ban!”
John himself felt very conflicted; holding Sherlock in his arms was completely innocent but his body was reacting to the heat – it had been quite a long while since someone had warmed his bed – and as soon as he heard from Sherlock's even breaths that the teenager had fallen asleep, he bent his head down and buried his nose in the soft, dark curls. Their smell was intoxicating but not as much as Sherlock's blood that was humming beneath his pale skin. Not even realising what he was doing, John pressed his nose to Sherlock's neck and groaned silently when the pleasant smell invaded his nostrils. Within seconds he felt heat pool in his groin, and its physical manifestation nudged through the layers of his pyjama trousers and gown against Sherlock's hand resting high on John's thigh.
"I know what a hug is," Sherlock snapped, though there was not much fire behind it. "Why? Mrs Hudson has already nearly crushed me with hers."
Next to the agent, Molly giggled. John decided to bite his tongue and not allow himself to be riled up. As if on cue, a magnificent Elizabethan manor house came into view.
"Well, thank you for your help. We… we will bid you goodbye now and… um, leave," John said, his voice faltering in embarrassment and discomfort.
, John’s mind supplied while he panicked. It didn’t make sense, vampires didn’t exist after all, but that didn’t explain how a burn victim was bloody well
Soon they were back on the motorway and the landscape flew past their window. Until now John had been watching Sherlock surreptitiously, mulling over what he wanted to say.
In chapter two, John let Hamish in on his secret, joined the army, fell in love with Sherlock Holmes's mother and took care of the young boy after his parents died. Estrode found Harriet and John left London for some years just to return to a teenage Sherlock and realise that his infatuation with him hadn't diminished.
John was nervous. The inconspicuous doors of the conference room where the first briefing was to be held drew closer and closer as he made his way down the hallway, following the officer who had collected him from his makeshift quarters. Shortly he would meet the rest of the team, composed of several human operatives, one consultant and one female vampire. John was still surprised that the Council had turned to the British Government for help but nowadays he thought he shouldn't think like he was still in the nineteenth century. Humans and vampires had after all learnt to co-exist.
It was snowing, though Sherlock did not pay the flakes any heed. His feet carried him on their own accord, through icy wind and dark alleys until he was standing in front of John's house.
Shoulder shot, the bullet still lodged inside. Osmond would make it, even though they would undoubtedly have to discharge him. Bill knew he couldn't do anything in the field, so he was about to simply dress the wound until they were back at base where they could operate when something peculiar caught his eye.
Many decades had to pass until the vampires were pleased with their existence among humans. It wasn’t ideal for all of them but it was acceptable for many.
“Am I?” she challenged. “You’ve heard my demand, Jack. Let me have a sip, or you will have to keep looking for Sean. I doubt you’ll find him without me, but you’re welcome to try.”
However, the situation had never been this dire. Human London might be recuperating, having survived the Plague, yet vampires went hungry. They blamed Estrode, of course. The leader of the English Council was always at fault for everything. They didn’t care that he had to answer to his superiors as well.
“No, you and your mother are heading the other direction,” John insisted, helping his wife carry a basket of food out to the cart that held their most important possessions.
The two young men had finished university by then, and at the age of twenty-six Sherlock had no idea what he wanted to do for a living as long as he had cocaine to keep him happy.
Only a few kilometres away in a patch of wood, John whipped around from where he was hunting in the misty grounds. As a vampire he had exceptional hearing and the crash echoed far and wide. A sense of foreboding overcame him as he sprinted through the damp grass until he reached the road. The sweet, coppery smell of human blood was strong in the air but only when he was close to the demolished car did he realise whom it belonged to.
"Good day, sir," he addressed Sherlock through the open car window when the vehicle came to a halt in front of the looming gate. "I’m afraid I can’t grant you entrance. I wasn’t informed of any visitors today."
John wandered off by going upstairs, curious about such lavish accommodation. The corridor the butler had mentioned led to many other chambers, including one balcony overseeing the dining room. Floral patterns dominated the tapestries everywhere. The rooms were too neat for John to actually gather much important information, though the lingering scents he was able to pick up told him a little about their elusive occupant.
This secrecy ended in a disaster. It was the year when Mycroft entered boarding school and Sherlock was in reception. On a cold Sunday evening, after dropping off their eldest at Sevenoaks School with the family car, the Holmes Family was on their way back to London. It was November and typical for that time of year, very misty and damp outside. Mr Holmes was driving the Honda down the empty, dark streets while Diane was dozing off and Sherlock was sleeping in the back. Out of the blue he confronted his wife with what the neighbours had been whispering about her and John and because Diane denied it, the conversation grew heated and loud. Sherlock woke up to his parents shouting and the bright lights of a lorry coming their way. His scream was the last thing they all heard before they were hit frontally and thrown off the road into a ditch.
Harriet Watson, however, was a special case. While John had not asked for this, Estrode set out to locate her nevertheless. It might not have been him that sired John, yet after centuries of regular contact, of acting as his friend and advisor, Estrode had come to look upon John as his childe and thus cared for him in his own way. Finding his sister was going to be a surprise and only two months ago Estrode would have sent word to John immediately that his sister currently was in Liverpool.
Sherlock didn't miss the undercurrent of the last word, hinting at protectiveness and possessiveness, and he could feel the hairs on the back of his neck standing up with John in such close proximity. He gulped imperceptively before he nodded and put on a demure expression.
John guffawed, quickly smothering the noise with his hands when the surrounding customers threw him a look.
“That does sound like him. Now, why would I provide the information you’re asking for, even if I had it?”
"I’m not sure if I caught the name right but it sounded like Meow Meow," she replied timidly. “It didn’t have that much of an effect on me, or Miss Huntingdon. But MacCafferty said it made our blood taste better.”
John was very much surprised. His sister was a vampire? So his fears that his own fate had met her were confirmed. He needed to see her immediately. After all he hadn’t seen her for centuries and obviously one thing hadn’t changed. She was still someone who got herself easily into trouble.
John thanked him with a smile, before turning to Sherlock and meeting his gaze. Sherlock could see the mischief and triumph in his steel blue eyes after getting the information, trying to push down the twisting knot that was forming in the lower region of his stomach.
Still, John was not prepared for this. Even less so when Sherlock started to move closer, his long legs carrying him across the room quickly. He seemed to be keeping his expression forcefully blank.
“Well, as this is business we are speaking here, let’s go by protocol and introduce names. I’m Jack Brown and you are?” John said, quickly coming up with an alias as it wouldn’t do well to give his real name.
Mary died two days after, breaking John’s heart with it. He, Hamish and their newborn managed to get by, trying to cope with the hole Mary had left in their lives, but tragically, Charlotte followed her mother a year after with typhus.
“How come?” John asked, now just as curious as Sherlock as to what had caused this. Sherlock had theories, yet no definitive proof for any of them.
Sherlock was just finishing his deductions and levelling a truly smug look at his brother when he realised that Mycroft did not seem as surprised as he probably would have expected.
John’s eyebrows rose towards his hairline while the woman was ordering an Iced Caramel Latte like Sherlock had anticipated.
His training with Estrode helped John to be an “invisible” vampire. Although his appetite had lessened – Mary noticed immediately that he didn’t tuck into his food anymore – he could hide that he was hunting rabbits and foxes during the early hours, pretending he needed to go for a walk while everything was still quiet.
John turned back to Lockley, who was now sucking gently at the neck of the young girl, whom he had cradled close to his body, caressing her bare thigh beneath the short dress she was wearing. Sherlock literally felt John's abdominals contract under his fingers before John cleared his throat and averted his gaze.
"It was an acquaintance of ours," she said in a tinny voice. "I don’t want him to get into trouble."
Salvation came two days later, during which time John had barely slept or eaten. It was a letter from Estrode, written in urgent hand, informing him that his sister had been sighted in South America.
There it was. Of course Sherlock would zero in on the one question John couldn’t provide an answer for. At least not the truth.
Sherlock was nothing more than a child, far too young to be lusted after. Granted, as a vampire John had a different attitude to age, but still some lines were not meant to be crossed. Not that every vampire felt that way – John had heard stories about certain circles where children would be seduced to function as donors. Apparently their blood tasted purer than an adult’s, yet John had never wanted to test that theory. He needed to put distance between himself and the youngest Holmes, for both their sakes.
"No, he didn’t. He only said he loves the coast and from others I heard he likes to dwell in high-end Vampire clubs where he picks up women for his pleasure. I don’t know where he is now but I bet you could find him in one of those clubs that cater to the rich."
"Nothing. I doubt the Countess’s intellect was of any worth, so it shall be easy to find where she is currently hiding."
"Like I thought – nothing suitable for fetish clubs," Sherlock eventually said after inspecting the meagre contents of John's wardrobe.
"She needn’t have said those things," he grumbled, huddling into the sofa and shuffling closer towards John without drawing attention to it.
“Let’s clarify,” John began in his most commanding tone. “You get to drink, but you don’t get to bite. You stop when I tell you to, and then you will tell us where to find MacCafferty. Understood?”
“I’m hungry, Christ,” John explained, maybe a tad more severe than he intended. With a huff he started to unlace his shoes. “At least there are bloodbags at my
Never would John have anticipated getting so much involved with this family until Mrs Hudson, his neighbour’s children’s nanny, entered his surgery one day with a two-year-old boy. That was the day he met William Sherlock Scott Holmes. He was a very shy and cute little boy at that time and he didn’t look at all like his mother with his dark brown hair, much more like his father. He had caught the measles and looked rather miserable when he was brought into the surgery. John expected him to cry and fuss when he had a look at him like other children usually did, but the boy just sat calmly on his chair and watched him like a hawk the entire time.
"Well, that concludes our meeting. Your belongings have already been collected. Official records will show that Osmond Sacker was killed in action. My colleagues will take you to our headquarters where you will meet the rest of the unit and acquire your orders first thing in the morning."
“Remind me never to save your life again, then, mate.” John did it nonetheless, if for no other reason than healing wounds would itch in a rather annoying manner and he did not intent to subject his new-found friend to such discomfort.
However, something about the glint in Sherlock's eyes made John think that was just the official story. Before he got a chance to ask further, the cab came to a stop at their destination. It looked like any other ordinary Georgian terraced London house with a black door and a brass knocker. There was also a sandwich bar on its right with a red sunshade. John looked it over quickly, before following Sherlock up a staircase into a rather untidy flat.
"Honestly, I cannot comprehend how foolish a person could be to tell their dominatrix about ties to a highly dangerous criminal network," Sherlock concluded loftily, looking as though the lady’s stupidity were a personal affront to him. "If we opened your skull, would we find any brain matter or simply hot air?"
Since John was able to hear every word he said and adapt accordingly, Sherlock was free to improvise.
"We would like to know where you got all the information about Moriarty," John said conversationally. "You’ve been boasting about the information that was given to you, so you must have been intrigued enough to share it with Irene even though you aren’t a vampire and not directly involved in the scheming."
Victor Trevor, a quiet and kind young man, was the only one who got close enough to be allowed in Sherlock's proximity. He helped Sherlock to cope with Redbeard's death but was pushed away when he realised that forming an attachment to Victor would only lead to more pain. His brother had always warned him that it wasn’t good to become too attached to people or animals.
“Not one step further, young man,” Mrs Hudson chided as Sherlock tried to advance into the house. “I’ll get you a towel. These clothes won’t pass the threshold.”
Sherlock nodded and John bade a quick escape. Their first priority was finding MacCafferty, and if John stayed in the room with the other man, his distracting thoughts would only grow in intensity.
Two days later, John was beginning to fear for the lives of his colleagues, given how little success they had had so far with locating Sean MacCafferty. Sherlock, apparently, was interpreting it as a shortcoming of both himself and the rest of their team, and had begun snapping at everyone in his vicinity.
Sherlock rarely showed astonishment but he gave John a look of incredulity at the mention of the banshee. John just shrugged and approached one of the white armchairs opposite the sofa. He sat down and beckoned Sherlock over, patting his knee.
"You have no idea. Irene Adler," she introduced herself, a pleased smile curling around her lipstick-red lips when John's eyes widened in recognition.
Estrode knew before he pushed back his chair to convene a meeting to deal with this matter that he would testify in favour of John’s request. He only hoped young Hamish would take it well.
Slightly reluctant, Sherlock put his mug on the coffee table and shifted closer still when John opened his arms tentatively. He closed them around Sherlock's shoulders as he huddled into the man's side. The warmth in his chest was blossoming. The sensation was strange, foreign to Sherlock but somehow familiar as well. It was pleasant and Sherlock was under no delusion that this was only the case because the person hugging him was John. Mrs Hudson's hugs never felt like that. Unfortunately, he couldn’t remember what it had felt like when his mother hugged him. He had been too small to remember.
Giddy with happiness, John made everything possible for his wife during the nine months of pregnancy, also urging her to move back to Dulwich as the conditions for giving birth at home with the help of a midwife weren’t the best. Clean water in London had always been a problem.
In the end, Mrs Hudson's anger won out. Sherlock knew on a primal level that the old woman was just scared because humans tended to be afraid of fire, and that this was the reason for her vicious dressing-down. It should not have hurt like it did.
Suddenly Sherlock realised what he must look like, the way he was leaning across the small table as if he wanted to put John under a microscope and dissect him. He gave him a crooked smile.
John held her gaze. The tension in the room grew, building up with every passing second. Briefly, John thought Victoria would panic and fight… yet in the end, self preservation won out.
“We will implement the ban. It will not take long, but it is necessary to assure our species’ protection. You will assuage your followers, Mr Dale, and we will survive another year undetected. Do we have an understanding?”
As she couldn’t afford keeping the house in Chelsea, an estate agency sold it for her and she used the money to move with her husband and the children to a house in West London. John followed them as he couldn’t stay in the area where everything reminded him of Diane and their illicit tragic affair. He felt incredibly guilty about what had happened and he told Estrode about his grief. Again he had lost a woman he loved and he started to believe that he didn’t have any luck with keeping partners with him. Another reason for moving was also the whispering neighbours. He didn’t want to see their reproachful faces when they came to his surgery.
"Murders?" she gasped, rising from her chair. "I don’t know what you are talking about. Are you with the police?"
He looked at Sherlock briefly, curbing his feelings; only the clenching of his fists underneath the tabletop gave away his distress.
John was the first to arrive at the horrible scene of the accident. Darkness surrounded him, broken only by the flickering light of the damaged car. Although overtaken by grief that it was his beloved Diane, who was dead at the scene just like her husband, he didn’t waste any time and ripped open the dented door of the backseat when he heard Sherlock’s agonised whimpers. The little boy had been saved by his car seat but he had suffered a severe head injury which was bleeding profusely. Carefully, he unstrapped the four-year-old from the seat and pulled him gently out of the car.
"The private chambers are this way. Go up the stairs and turn right into the long corridor," he explained, giving Sherlock a very critical once-over.
Henricus Estrode had seen three different centuries bleed into the next. He had dealt with insurgence in the past, chastised vampires who thought themselves better than their peers, who wanted to see the world kneel at their feet.
At the age of ten, Sherlock had developed a sharp wit, a dark humour and sensitivity for his surroundings that it surprised John on many occasions. It didn’t help his growing fascination for the boy at all. He had become very protective of him, although he also cared for Mycroft when he was at home. The eldest Holmes brother had grown into a promising young man who had passed his A levels with distinction and would surely graduate to become a student at one of the most prestigious universities of the country.
"Well, then Miss Hooper should wait outside," Sterling suggested. "Just in case the woman slips out before we find her."
"It wouldn't be advisable to walk around on your own, anyway. With all these hungry vampires around," John whispered, his head lifting up to Sherlock's who bent down slightly to hear him better. "After all, you're my 'donor' and I don't share."
John blinked at him. Sherlock’s voice was deeper now, but rather pleasantly so. He liked the way his name sounded now.
The question surprised him for a moment before he remembered his wedding ring. He cleared his throat before whispering, “Yes.”
"Four to five – how the bloody hell were you able to figure that out?" Sterling asked from his position against the wall, uncrossing his arms with an intrigued expression.
"How are we going to proceed from here?" Molly asked as soon as she got out of the car. "I’m sure it’ll be a bit suspicious if we split and start snooping around. Do you really think they will believe our cover story of writing a book about portraits in the stately homes of Hertfordshire?"
John struggled, tried to flip them over yet the man seemed to be incredibly strong despite his burns and didn’t budge, didn’t give him one inch.
Mycroft wished he could roll his eyes like Estrode was doing, or even groan just as his brother did a few seats away, yet such a childish display would be unbecoming of his position.
Everything was constantly changing. He might not have had to deal with the unrest the Civil Rights Movement caused his colleagues in the American Vampire Council, but the current economic downturn threatened to undo the tentative peace amongst the Vampire community of the United Kingdom once again.
“No feeding, they said,” John made out before the stream of words turned into another litany of swears. Then the man’s eyes widened and his lips curled into a smile that didn’t bode well. “No killing, yes, but I don’t have to let you die, do I?”
Oh, of course – even Sherlock was able to pick out the prominence of that particular fragrance in the crowded room. Judging by the in part animalistic behaviour of some of the vampires present, it posed a considerable challenge to everyone's self-restraint. How John was feeling was hard to imagine. Sherlock hadn't asked him yet about his habits, yet he knew for a fact that the blood MI5 supplied its vampires with was by no means fresh. Sherlock would have loved nothing more than to satisfy his curiosity, but felt reluctant to do so after all these years of separation. John and he needed to get reacquainted again, especially in light of the other man's vampiric nature.
First, Sherlock didn't feel very inclined to help him solve their problems with thefts and petty crimes but with time the cases became more interesting and as soon as Lestrade climbed up in rank, he was able to give Sherlock access to murders and crime scenes.
On many occasions, Mrs Holmes invited him on evenings when her husband had to work late. Very soon Mrs Hudson watched it with a very careful eye and Mycroft, who had always been a very clever boy, didn’t like it when his Mummy got all giggly and excited when Dr Watson came over. Little Sherlock didn’t mind at all. First he had been careful and quiet but as soon as he realised that John was a very funny and imaginative person, who liked to play with children, he started to trust him and invited him to his pretend plays.
"Well, let’s hear it then," John prompted Sherlock once they had all reconvened in the first room, and immediately Sherlock’s lips curled into a smile.
The urge to sink his teeth into the delicate wrist threatened to overpower John, blood and scent calling out to him unlike it ever had before. He could do it, too – Sherlock wouldn’t stop him, not during the case, and he also wouldn’t be able to throw John off when the vampire put him under his thrall.
If John had the option, he would seek out his sister as well, but ever since the fire of London, no one had heard from her. John refused to believe she had died in the flames, but his attempts to find her had been in vain so far. Maybe it was for the better. Sooner or later, he would lose her anyway. The fate of vampires seemed to be that they outlived everyone they cared about.
John arrived at lunchtime with a small duffel bag and nothing else. Sherlock had always wondered where all the possessions had gone that John had owned many years ago in his house but he reckoned he had put them into storage. Eagerly he ran up the stairs to show John his new room which looked brighter and more inviting than his bedsit ever had.
John had been good at denying he was missing Sherlock and he cursed Mycroft for bringing the emotions back to the surface.
“That’s a rather diplomatic way of putting it,” Sherlock said, but he felt a tug at the corners of his lips. “But yes. Most people hate how obvious they are to me.”
He flagged down a cab and opened the door for John who only gave him a slightly worried look, glad they were out of Victoria’s flat.
John spent the next sixteen years looking after his sister and helping her partner when Harry relapsed and endeavoured to get clean once more, but in general his life was uneventful. Something which made him content but also made him aware that something important was missing. When another war in Afghanistan broke out, John decided to end the monotony of his life and joined the RAMC where his skills allowed him to work as an army doctor. Again procuring fake documentation, giving him a false name and date of birth along with stellar educational background eased his way into the military. He didn't go alone, however. His friend Gabriel joined him as his comrade in battle.
He went for help to Estrode in a near panic, thinking this “thing”, as he called it, would rip apart his lovely wife but Estrode merely laughed.
"What do you wish to hear about? Her secret smoking habit, her fondness of reality television shows, her growing feelings for Miss Adler or her four to five hiding places within the United Kingdom?"
His companion did not give him any reprieve before opening the doors and leading him into the room. It was long and rectangular with an oval-shaped table in the middle, two windows, one ventilation shaft and no other exits. People were standing together in groups, invested in conversations. Only a few looked up when they heard him come in and most did not even spare him a second glance. However, one pair of eyes that found John’s was familiar – Henricus Estrode was speaking with Mycroft Holmes at the other end of the room.
“You actually do want them to rebel, don’t you? Is that why you are doing this? To provoke insurgence, and drive us to a premature revelation?”
He found them eventually and exchanged the old candles against new ones, then designed a spread sheet where he noted the delay with which he had lit each candle. The next step meant waiting for the candles to burn, though Sherlock grew bored rather quickly. In retrospect it might not have been the best idea to leave the living room and tend to the fungi he was secretly growing and monitoring in his room… yet leave the room he did.
“And you’ve been a consulting detective ever since,” John concluded, taking another sip of his drink, “How are you getting on with that job? Still having problems with making friends?”
“Then I take it you will wish to return to her. However, I advise against it in your current stage. You might know the name of what you are, yet not how to live as such.” The man spared him a wry smile. “My name is Henricus Estrode, leader of the Vampire Council of England. Since your Sire seems to be absent, it is the duty of my organisation to see to your successful integration into our society.”
The Countess had blushed upon Sherlock’s words, a smile tugging at her lips as she stepped out from the other man’s embrace. The two of them exchanged a glance, though whatever non-verbal communication had passed between them seemed to have ended in a positive manner for Emily actually spoke to them.
"Good," John said, clenching his fist. "We should probably…" he trailed off, inclining his head towards the door.
The vampiress walked past them with an air of haughtiness, her nostrils flaring imperceptively when she came close to their table, before stalking off to take a seat in the opposite corner of the room. She dropped her bag casually on the floor after pulling out her phone and sat down to sip on her drink and swipe on her device.
This year Mrs Hudson had decided to put actual candles on their Christmas tree. They emanated a soft, warm light that bathed the living room and reflected off the surfaces around the room. It had looked beautiful on the morning of Christmas Day, even Sherlock had to admit that.
“Fascinating,” Sherlock said, his verdigris eyes sparkling with keen interest. “What happens if you touch platinum?”
There was a moment of silence as the vampire relaxed. “Ta,” he replied eventually and Sherlock felt his apprehension evaporate again.
He closed his eyes after a while, getting very drowsy very quickly and suddenly his brain had gone offline and he was asleep in John's arms.
“I was perfectly reasonable,” Sherlock sniffed. “It wasn’t my fault they were all incompetent idiots who failed to see what was right in front of them.”
The Vampire Council, as it was called, that presided the smaller structures of authorities all vampires bowed to, managed to keep their people in check for a very long time, regulating how many humans were allowed to be killed for food or taken as mates and thus avoiding detection.
As Miss Adler began, Mycroft let his gaze wander, taking in the expressions of the selected operatives.
“Analysing the relation between spray pattern and density of puddles,” Sherlock replied airily. His voice was still young. John wondered how it would change during puberty.
Estrode was aware that the city-wide feeding ban he had passed would elicit a reaction, he truly was. Yet some things couldn’t be helped. Humans needed to reproduce and fill the city and vampires should not interfere.
Sherlock now looked curious. “Platinic ones? Why those?” he asked, thinking of his lab equipment at home which was mostly made of the material.
Later he would realise they hadn’t healed as quick as other vampire wounds because he had been bitten, and bite marks inflicted by a vampire always took longer to heal.
John shook his head. He would forget again. He had a job, a distraction, a purpose. There would be no time to spare thoughts to past mistakes.
Everhart must have thought John to be a little younger than he actually was, for John's easy allusion to the Middle Ages left the man visibly impressed in its wake. "A dangerous time, I imagine."
"Then we are decided. Carter, I will entrust Miss Adler to your team, seeing as she is most familiar with London’s vampire culture. Mr Watson, you shall accompany my brother to Miss Somervell’s house along with two operatives and Miss Hooper," Mycroft ordered, pointing towards the young pathologist whose very special talent seemed to be blending into the background. Her cheeks coloured when Mycroft mentioned her but the nod she gave was firm.
The detective was pale – paler than usual, his breathing erratic and his pulse spiking. John cupped Sherlock’s face with a hand, tilting it down to meet John’s eyes.
John exchanged another look with Sherlock and, after his nod, turned the handle and slipped inside, poised for an attack. It never came.
That earned him another chuckle and Sherlock had no chance except to follow, not that he would even consider leaving John alone right now. They escaped the club in record time, John's fingers a hard pressure on Sherlock's wrist as he was tugging him around a corner and into a dark alley, away from the crowds and prying eyes. The grip loosened as John slumped against the nearest wall, eyes closed.
He didn’t answer. John’s response was obvious and he knew a man of Mycroft’s intellect was capable of figuring that out. John’s calm demeanour was certainly giving it away.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "I highly doubt you have only been a vampire for such a brief amount of time as to actually be this woman’s uncle."
The next day was a sunny morning, reflecting Sherlock’s excited mood of looking forward to John moving into his flat. He tried to calm himself down as he didn’t want to look like an overeager boy but it was futile and he was sure that John could easily pick up on his emotion with his heightened senses and everything.
However, part of his mind had noted the cold demeanour Sherlock had displayed towards his wayward childhood friend, intrigued. Was his brother still holding a grudge against the army doctor for leaving? Had Sherlock in fact deduced John’s true nature before the soldier left, intending to protect Sherlock from finding out?
From the middle of the twentieth century, when the awareness for vampires had reached the point of acceptance, many vampires started to take humans as their partner as in wife and husband. The children that resulted from this union were special, having inherited long life, good health and better skills in many daily activities. Those who knew about them admired them and longed to have children with them. Some societies handled them like gold and arranged marriages for a very high price.
, he told himself, even as he exchanged some money for their drinks. The small touches and the way John had behaved at the club were still getting to Sherlock, filling his head with ideas he had no indication were based on John’s genuine interest.
John looked at Sherlock. He had no clue about the drugs that were in circulation but maybe Sherlock had come across some during his life. He just hoped that he had never taken to any of them.
Their affair went on unnoticed for a whole year, very often at John’s house but then they got careless and continued secret kisses at Mrs Holmes’ house too.
Without further ado, the man retrieved a file from his suitcase and slid it across the countertop. Estrode opened it long enough to ascertain that the information he had requested was inside, then stowed it away to study in depth later in the car to his office.
No, Estrode decided even before the car reached its destination. He would keep quiet about John’s sister and watch out for the man.
Back at his own house, John spent the next hour pacing the living room. If he had been alive his pulse would have been racing.
John, who was reclining comfortably on the sofa, gave Everhart a reassuring smile and nodded. "We met a couple years ago and did each other some favours in some… business," he said, his voice ending on a meaningful connotation.
He took the necessary steps for his absence, tasked Mrs Hudson to find a temporary lodger for his house, left the hospital and bade his goodbye to Sherlock who could not for the life of him understand why he would not be allowed to accompany John on his journey.
John hissed and bared his teeth, his face darkening dangerously and his hand around Sherlock’s waist tightening. Sherlock tensed against his hand yet only for a moment. Then his body relaxed in the most delicious way.
Mycroft raised his hand, palm up and suddenly there was a woman next to him – how could John not have noticed another person entering his room? – who placed a folder in his hand. Mycroft opened it and revealed several pictures, all of headless bodies – vampires, John would guess – some divested of their clothes. The focus of the pictures soon became clear: every single one of the six corpses sported a tattoo, above the buttocks or on a shoulder blade. A small, black spider.
The apology was sincere and Sherlock swallowed, his throat suddenly tight. He was about to ask about these
John’s eyes were still burning, his limbs tired as he returned to Mary and Hamish on Monday morning, the sky full of smoke from the greatest fire he had ever seen.
Yet before John could react, stand up or let alone find a weapon, the door to the tiny hut burst open, revealing a group of five. Instinctively, John sniffed, catching a strange scent he somehow identified as that of other vampires.
The butler frowned and pursed his lips again in obvious discontent about the circumstances that allowed his visitors to enter his employer’s private rooms in her absence.
"You still seem rather special to me," John replied smoothly. No reason to alienate the only real threat in this room.
Carter Brown was the best superior officer MI5 had to offer, experienced, well-versed in fighting against vampires, and by normal people’s standards even clever. He was the only man from MI5 whose presence Mycroft was able to tolerate on a regular basis, hence the special unit became his supervise.
Sherlock tried his best to project an air of passivity while his mind catalogued all the minute details about the man in front of them. The vampire was neither young nor old, at an odd place in-between that prompted the kind of posturing that made him let the silence linger between them.
The veins surrounding the wound were turning black, the skin becoming inflamed in a shade of angry red that Bill had never seen before. The bullet was doing something to Osmond and Bill had to change his diagnosis on the spot. He searched Osmond's bag for medical supplies, gloves, anything to make this even remotely more sterile, yet a hand on his wrist stopped him.
"Either choose a different inflection or leave me alone," Sherlock snarled viciously. He had spent the past hour staring at their wall, littered with intel, maps of cities with highlighted locations of fetish clubs, scraps of information that Sherlock's homeless network had been able to gather, but other than that there was no sign of their suspect.
It was obvious John was not only hinting at Miss Somervell’s uncle but also himself. From experience he knew that any vampire over three hundred years was lethal to humans. Including himself.
“You’re suggesting you’d only give up information for something in return then,” John concluded by the look she was giving him. “With what could I oblige you?”
Sherlock was taken care of in a London hospital and John informed Mrs Hudson of the incident. She had to break the news of their parents’ death to poor Sherlock and Mycroft who both took it naturally rather badly. Mycroft was the most affected of the two as he mourned the loss of his father more than Sherlock. Now was the question what would happen to the children and John already prepared himself to ensure that he could be the one to look after them. It was a long time ago, but he had been a father to two children before. Luckily, the parents had left a will that designated Mrs Hudson to be the children’s personal and property guardian which meant that she could manage the children’s inherited money and take care of them until they were eighteen.
"Maybe," he conceded, and it was more of an admission than John had ever dared hope for. It took a second for both of them to notice they were both still looking at each other and it was Sherlock who tore his gaze away first. John was sure that if his heart were still able to beat, it would have broken his ribcage.
They approached the table and the vampire lounging on a long crescent-shaped sofa with the pretty girl on his arm narrowed his eyes the closer they got. The corner was shrouded in shadows, only two tea lights on a small table illuminated the sitting area.
In a display of power that was as blatant as it was boring, she took three whole seconds before glancing up form the screen of her phone. Even then, she only arched an eyebrow at him.
Sherlock inclined his head, his heart rate increasing. What would the other man want to know? Not all of his past actions filled him with pride.
It wasn’t what many vampires had wanted to achieve but many of them felt acknowledged to some degree and glad about the changes in society. The rumour spread among humans that vampires did exist but the average person dismissed it as superstition. Seeing as vampires blended in with the masses and weren’t recognisable on the street, it was easy for sceptics to only see what they wanted to see.
At that moment, John's thoughts did not circle around the upcoming assignment or the spider symbol, or about whether or not his new superiors would allow him some animal blood or blood bags. No – for the first time in years his thoughts returned to a boy with messy curls and startling blue eyes and to the man he might have grown into.
A shriek from downstairs jolted him from his thoughts a little while later and he flew down the stairs in fear Mrs Hudson would damage his experiment. However, it had collapsed on its own – apparently one candle had been loose and, while burning down, tipped to the side and against the curtains. Which were currently on fire along with the tree. Mrs Hudson was already wielding a fire extinguisher and ruining the remnants of Sherlock’s experiment before he could object.
One week later – he had just come back from work and was walking along the pavement to his flat – a beautiful blonde lady stepped into his way. He recognised her immediately by her eyes. They were the same shade as Sherlock’s and she had the same shaped mouth.
“Can I inspect it?” Hamish asked, jumping up and down and craning his neck as if a few centimetres would make a difference.
Sherlock didn't give any indication that he would care for it and followed John into his bedroom that also served as a living room. His eyes scanned the room quickly until he spotted the small cupboard next to the window. John's mouth became a thin line when he closed the door and let his colleague wander through the room. He knew that he wanted to have his own space as soon as possible. He had quite some savings from all his years of working as a doctor, and was also getting a small army pension, so whoever had thought that vampires loved grey and boring places to live at was an idiot.
In chapter three, John returns to a teenage Sherlock, just to leave again after getting into a compromising situation with the boy. Twenty years later, John is shot in the Afghan war and revealed as a vampire. Mycroft recruits him for a mission, where he meets Sherlock again, who is cold and distant to him.
"I assure you there was no guessing involved, Mr Watson. Bill Murray identified you the moment he retrieved that bullet. It was designed to kill you, or those of your kind. Quite an effort to go to, unless one knows where it will be of use."
"Your delicate sensibilities will cost us time," Sherlock pointed out. "We will work much faster in two groups. You’re highly trained agents; I doubt there is much course for worry."
"You couldn’t have possibly believed I would betray your trust like that. I know you’re not the brightest, but you couldn’t have been that daft."
The Holmes had a big garden, at least big enough to play hide-and-seek and build makeshift tents with blankets over low-hanging trees. Sherlock’s favourite game was playing Peter Pan which his brother, of course, found childish and ridiculous. He hid in the house with a book when John pretended to be John from James Barrie’s story while Sherlock was imitating Captain Hook with a pirate sword and fork in one hand. It was the best fun the little boy ever had when he was as young as three. John wasn’t as boring as his parents and brother. He may have been ordinary but he was very interesting. Sherlock hadn’t developed a mind palace at that point yet like his brother had to keep only important information in his brain, but John got a special room in his head where he stored all memories with him.
"Obviously Miss Somervell is apt at hiding – as a member of the royal family with an inclination to join an undead dominatrix in her bedroom, she had better," Sherlock interrupted, and Mycroft would swear until his death that in that moment he was grateful for his brother’s lack of respect to procedure and authority. "So finding her will not be an easy task. We need to start with her residence, gather clues and take it from there. With me on your team it won’t take too long to find her."
Emily nodded. "Miss Huntingdon participated as well. We were talking, about vampires, how I knew, and at some point he told me about Moriarty. I haven’t seen him since, or Patricia Huntingdon for that matter."
He felt a little like being naked from the waist down as he had taken off his underwear to fit inside the leather trousers. They were really snug, maybe a little too revealing – the word "package" came to mind – but after all they were going to the club to attract attention and the way he looked now would definitely accomplish that.
"You would have found out what I am. I couldn’t risk it," he explained instead, hoping that Sherlock would believe the lie – or at least enough to let it go.
"Most of her clothes were gone, also her shoes, except a few sturdier pairs. Those that remained had a mixture of residual particles on the soles – no one ever scrubs them sufficiently. Given she left those shoes behind, I assume she did not rush off to Scotland or Wales. Also, there was a picture on one of her shelves; herself next to an older man, an uncle, possibly, only the paleness of his skin doesn’t match the tan the woman is sporting. Vampire, probably. The picture was taken in front of a formation of rocks found on the outskirts of Brighton. The city matched the missing clothes and shoes. Obvious, really." Sherlock grinned, briefly glancing at John before looking out of the window again.
Thin tendrils of smoke rose like winding snakes over the rooftops of the surrounding houses, reminding him of the fire that had eaten away at London’s city centre. He felt a sudden hunger in his stomach which was so intense that it propelled him into walking out of the backyard and onto the cobbled, empty street.
"We should split up," Sherlock suggested as they reached the entrance hall where three staircases led into different parts of the manor. "John and I will go left, you take the right."
As a midwife, his spouse Mary was always at risk of falling ill. Not many people could afford to see a physician and midwives were trained in the art of healing, so she tended to more than just pregnant women. At least their son Hamish was safe – a neighbouring carpenter accepted him as his apprentice when he was old enough, and John doubted any father was prouder than he was of his twelve-year-old son.
John hid his surprise that Sherlock very confidently knew where to go, probably thinking of the photograph with the rock formations. As if on cue, said cliffs came into view in the vicinity of the city, their stark white colour reflecting the warm sunlight.
For a moment, John didn’t know what to say. He had seen Mrs Holmes from afar but up close she was even more beautiful. His non-beating heart stuttered to a halt. What was he thinking? He couldn’t feel attracted to her! She was married and a mother of two children.
Sherlock snapped the book shut and released a huff of air, the noise sharp in the silence of the library. "After all we’ve what,
“Ah, yes – should I keep you away from pointy objects?” He held his breath, anticipation building up in his chest. This was the first time Sherlock ever had the chance to question an actual vampire. The fact that his ‘first’ was John was all the more fitting.
Bill looked around, glad that the others were securing the perimeter and ensuring that all hostiles had been taken care of. Then, with another glance to Osmond, he dug his fingers into the wound, feeling for the shell of the bullet that caused so much pain. Osmond didn't scream.
Nowadays, there aren’t many mythical creatures left in the world. They walk in obscurity, wary of the fear they are met with, organising underground to develop techniques that allow them to blend in.
"Sherlock’s right," John said, slipping into the conversation. "It’s already afternoon and this place is large. It’ll take some time to cover it all. We don’t want our only lead to get away."
That night, John had to take care of his persisting hard-on and the disturbing thoughts that invaded his mind, showing him what he could do with Sherlock if he had the intentions. He felt dirty and disgusted. As much as he liked Sherlock he couldn't let the boy find out about his attraction to him. He might be oblivious now but very soon his hyperactive brain would catch on to what was going on and then John would be very much embarrassed about Sherlock finding out.
Lockley, contrarily, visibly perked up. Subtlety was not his forte, Sherlock noted with a mental sigh.
She knew he was here with a vampire – it didn’t take Sherlock’s levels of perception to gather that. Likewise she had already guessed why Sherlock was currently faux-fidgeting under her stare. When he spoke, he made sure to add a quivering to his voice to go with his cover story of needing to contact a mutual acquaintance. It played into the woman’s need to establish her superiority and established John as a strong ‘master’ over his human companion.
Sherlock parked the car and then they followed the small crowd of people around the house. As it turned out they were headed towards the Manor’s gardens. They passed an imposing coach house and stable block to the south and two menacing-looking wyverns flanking the fenced entrance to the yard which was guarded by two armed men dressed in a black and white uniform.
By now, John even managed to say the word without having to supress a chuckle at the funny nickname.
“Yes, I think we got what we needed,” Sherlock replied, stepping out to the main street and up to the kerb.
“I, uh,” John started, at a loss for words. If he lied too blatantly, Sherlock would see through it immediately and start asking questions when he returned to find him gone. “I just remembered that I forgot to prepare something for my shift tomorrow. I’m afraid I won’t be able to stay.”
"Look, will you at least give it a try? If it doesn’t work, we can still ignore each other," John offered exasperated.
“Drink it, drink it and you shall never fear death,” was the last thing John heard before darkness embraced him.
The reaction he received was immediate – Sherlock blinked, obviously surprised by his coyness. He swallowed, yet did not break eye contact.
The next five minutes were spent with the most tedious kind of small talk – though to Sherlock, every kind of small talk amounted to torture – yet eventually, John slipped in a reference to MacCafferty. The girl next to the man, who had introduced himself as Everhart Lockley, kept stroking the back of her vampire's hand, giving no sign that she was paying attention.
“I did a series of experiments on artificial scents in industrial soaps two years ago. It’s on my blog,” was the truthful explanation.
They lived two more months in Dulwich until they returned to London which was being slowly rebuilt. They moved into a small house in the area of Regent’s Park which was known at that time as Marylebone Park and set aside as a hunting park. Here John could hunt deer and other animals.
"But you can't stay here, Sherlock. You better go home now. I'm sure Mrs Hudson is already very worried about you."
Their eyes met and in that moment, John knew they were both doomed. Only his death could have stopped him from leaning forward, from closing the distance between them and sealing his lips over hers. They fell into bed that same day, and Diane made it back to their home just in time for her husband’s return.
John could see her thoughts reflected in her features, but self-preservation eventually won out over defiance.
John sighed slowly. This was better than anything he could have hoped for. A job, a purpose, to ensure the safety of Britain. The fact that he was given no choice irked him to a great extent, yet under the circumstances he would have to swallow his pride. He nodded, earning another tight-lipped grin from the older Holmes.
place I got,” John replied, taking off his tight jacket and sitting down on the sofa. “After coming back from Afghanistan I was glad they didn’t put me in a cell for breaking the rules by joining the war.”
"Let's find you some appropriate clothes," Sherlock said, flinging the wardrobe doors shut before striding out of the room.
It all escalated on a truly dreadful day in May. It had been raining since morning and when John came to the Holmes residence that evening after a long shift at the hospital, Sherlock was nowhere to be seen.
The bad thoughts stumbling over one another in his mind quieted the longer Sherlock pressed against John's body, shifting and arranging themselves into a more comfortable position. It was peaceful, something Sherlock rarely felt. He smiled contentedly into John's dressing gown, tea completely forgotten.
John looked down for a drawn-out moment once Victoria had finished. What she would read as an assertion of power served as reassurance for John that Sherlock was still fine with their… charade. But the man was draping himself rather handsomely over John, like the perfect pet.
It was from one of these groups that John Watson purchased his documents. He paid in cash, handed over the exact amount in a sealed envelope to a vampire considerably older than himself.
Emily, who was hiding behind her "uncle", stared at all of them, not sure what to do. She looked frightened like a little mouse after John had mentioned the murders. The tall, dark-haired vampire, who looked as if he were in his fifties and was wearing very expensive clothes, adjusted his ruffled hair and brushed down his front after the tussle he had had with John. He glowered at Sherlock, clearly sensing the negative waves he was giving off.
Yet everything turned out to be fine in the end. Humans in the know with a kink for blood play were a legal food source for many vampires, even though prostitution and coercion created new problems. After all it wouldn’t be Estrode’s unlife if there wasn’t trouble somewhere in the vampire community.
Apparently satisfied, the man reached into his coat pocket and gave John everything he needed to join the army one more time. Vampires weren’t allowed to serve; yet professionally forged papers eliminated that obstacle.
She bowed her head and tilted it slightly to the side, baring her throat in a show of submission. John released her and took a step back. Sherlock, who had taken off his coat and jacket, was rolling up the sleeve of his white shirt to reveal pale skin before holding out his left arm obligingly.
"No one talks to my niece like that!" the man then spat in Sherlock’s direction, his face twisted into a scowl.
John learnt how to treat patients, how to operate on them and when the Plague consumed London, Bowker helped Nathaniel Hodges, one of the few physicians actively fighting against the disease.
“Would it be alright if I used your shower?” John asked Sherlock, watching the man getting his keys out of his trousers with somewhat shaky fingers.
Time seemed to be flying by. John had feared the day when his son would die which happened at the age of thirty-eight in 1696. It was normal at that time to die so early, after all John had lost his parents at the age of fourteen but it still hurt John to see his child die. He attended the burial in the shade of a tree to stay away from his family who would just stare at him. And they would have good reason for it. He hadn’t aged a single bit and still looked young and healthy. A deep, hollow ache settled in his chest after leaving the graveyard. Now he didn’t have anybody anymore.
Just like that, the Sherlock John knew was back with full force and he could not help how it impressed him. The butler blanched, his eyes widening.
John nodded curtly, his back straightening in preparation. He had certainly been a very capable soldier, Sherlock mused. The mental image of John Watson in a uniform, however, was the last thing he needed right now, so he shook his head. With a deep intake of breath that failed to steady his increasing pulse, Sherlock stepped closer. The move placed him inside John's personal space.
"And with all your behaviour towards me, you really believe that I’ll be eager to move in with you?" John said, hinting at Sherlock's reaction when they met after all those years and his bossy behaviour during their mission to find Emily Somervell. "You’ve become an even bigger twat than you were as a child. I thought you didn't like me and now you expect me to move in with you. Has it ever occurred to you that I might not want to because I know how you still feel about me leaving you back then? What changed your mind?"
John’s eyes narrowed abruptly at that. It was considered rude to tell a vampire that you wanted to drink from their life source. Only close friends shared their pets and only if the pet’s owner offered it. The fact that John couldn’t claim Sherlock as his own, because he lacked a mark, rid him off the entitlement of feeling angry about Victoria’s wish. So far, Sherlock wasn’t his pet… yet. He longed to ask Sherlock in the near future if he would like to become his life source but in reality he wanted something else. Something he wasn’t sure Sherlock would agree to.
John’s chest clenched in worry while he chatted mindlessly with the woman until the front door opened and Sherlock stomped inside, drenched from head to toe in water and mud.
“You do, but that’s beside the point,” John continued. He was still calm, collected. He saw that his demeanour threw her a bit – she had expected violence, he assumed. “We don’t want to implicate you. We won’t even tell Sean that you were the one who told us where to find him. We just want to know his location.”
In chapter five, Sherlock and John reconciled again. As they were looking for Sean MacCafferty, they decided to go undercover in vampire clubs to find him. John was invited to Baker Street to see Sherlock’s flat and be dressed accordingly for their mission which brought tension high between both men, even more so when they went to the clubs as donor and vampire master. They met Everhart Lockley who gave them a tip to speak to a contact who often visited a café in Kensington.
"There’s a human behind that door. She must be the only one here," he whispered, approaching said door as quietly as only vampires could do.
It took them more than ninety minutes to reach one of the most popular towns at the south coast of Britain, also known as London-by-Sea which reflected its popularity with Londoners.
"Do you approve?" he tried again to get the young man's attention and watched himself critically in the body-length mirror hanging on the wall.
"Oh, you know I'm the best," Sherlock snapped. "No one else could have pieced it together! You need me."
John narrowed his eyes. It was hard to think over the mental image of that woman being the first to taste Sherlock, but he forced himself to hide his jealousy.
Sherlock, who had been facing the fireplace after entering the living room, turned around and looked him over. “Then it’s a good thing we already agreed you would move into the spare room here. You can start today, stay the night.”
"Looks very impressive," Molly said. "What is it with these rich people always needing to show off their status?"
Holding Sherlock’s gaze, John reached into his pockets and retrieved a knife. Verdigris eyes widened when understanding dawned on the other man. John thought he saw relief there, that Sherlock’s shoulders relaxed ever so slightly, but he might have been imagining it.
“I attended Cambridge after sixth form –” John gave a low whistle, clearly impressed. Sherlock refused to blush. “Reading chemistry, officially, but mostly I visited whatever lectures struck my fancy.”
"Don't expect much. They gave me something they thought would be only temporary and so far I haven't had the time to look for my own flat," he explained, opening a grey door that blended in with the bland colour of a long corridor.
John chuckled, apparently in assent. It was so unusual for anyone to react favourably to his deductions that Sherlock found it impossible to stop once he had begun. He retraced John’s movements prior to his arrival at the flat as best as he could, even determining which brand of conditioner John used, which elicited a shocked if not awed, “How the hell do you know that?!”
Not that common vampires understood the Council’s reasoning, of course. They roamed the streets and fed and then complained when the Council locked them up for treason. They should have been lucky they still got to keep their fangs.
Estrode heaved a sigh and rose from his place behind his desk where he had retreated after the latest Vampire Council meeting. The subject at hand had been the reinstatement of the city-wide feeding ban for London, since his brethren had taken to act carelessly, leaving bodies with puncture wounds in their necks behind for humans to find.
Now that their mission had been explained, the meeting was adjourned and people left the conference room to go back to their daily routine. John was the only one, who hovered at the door for a moment, his sharp eyes settled on Sherlock, who had walked over to the young Miss Hooper and started a conversation with her. He could hear every word of their hushed talking even from ten metres away, a bonus that came with his nature. Well, sometimes it wasn’t always so good to hear what others had to say. Instead of listening into their conversation he was lost in his own musing, wondering whether he should try another approach with the man or if he should just leave. It was such a relief to see Sherlock again after so many years, to see what he had become but his rejection had been clear and so John decided to call it a night and go back to the quarters they had given him. They were located in this very building and just one floor up.
"You haven’t changed since I left. Still a show-off and even more brilliant in your deductions," he said with a smile, although his thoughts were sad.
,” John ground out now, leaning over the table with dilated pupils. “You are playing a dangerous game, Victoria.”
"Well, then it’s easy," one of the operatives spoke up when Adler was finished and taking questions. "We need to find your source and make her tell us all she knows."
Although John understood Sherlock’s distant behaviour, the feeling of rejection hit him harder than anticipated. Of course, he hadn’t expected hugs and kisses, he hadn’t even expected to meet Sherlock after so many years and here of all places, but at least something kind might have helped to bridge the gap that was between them. A gap that felt like it would be hard to mend.
They left the grey, uninviting building and Sherlock hailed them a cab with an ease John felt a bit envy of. The sky was overcast, so John didn't have to worry about sunshine prickling his skin.
"Please excuse my companion. He hasn’t been graced with good manners," he said, lifting an eyebrow at Sherlock. "We’re sorry for the unexpected visit but we have a good reason. We are good acquaintances of Irene Adler and she has been very much worried about you, too, after several vampires have been killed rather cruelly in London. I guess that was the reason why you went into hiding, Countess."
“If that is what you want to call it. Come with me of your own volition and you will learn to control and use your abilities.”
"Oh no, you have been because you kept quiet about her extracurricular activities with one Irene Adler and presumably other women before that, haven’t you?"
"These are our most important portraits," the butler explained, "showing members of the royal family from the last three decades."
John had indeed developed an attraction for Mrs Holmes which he was able to hide for a whole year. As promised he was invited quite frequently for dinner and he enjoyed having animated conversations with Mr Holmes who was a lawyer and quite influential in his profession. His eldest son Mycroft looked up to him and was a very good student, striving to be admitted into Sevenoaks School in Kent, one of the most expensive boarding schools in the United Kingdom, when he turned eleven.
Emily nodded, though her eyes had the faraway look of someone whose thoughts had strayed. John exchanged the necessary contact information with the woman and her uncle, yet once he had finished, Sherlock had already left the room.
John snorted, the movements of his fingers never ceasing even as he levelled a smirk at Everhart. "I'm just glad I wasn't a woman back then – never aging, never getting sick… I heard a third of all witches executed in Europe were vampires."
"These are private chambers!" the woman immediately complained. "You have no right to be here – explain yourselves!"
John cocked his head in slight confusion at Sherlock’s reply. “Oh, I can touch it, just not for long because it hurts. When it comes into contact with a vampire’s bloodstream by stabbing it into their body, it hurts like hell and it burns them from the inside like a never-ending fire, I was told.”
"You know. Not get in a row about past mistakes, maybe be able to talk to each other like human beings."
In the end, Germany was defeated and the constitution amended: Only a certain percentage of humans were allowed to know about the existence of vampires. Those who learnt the truth mostly worked for the drug industry and health care sector, and soon protective creams against the sun’s UV rays and alternatives to human blood flooded the market, tailored to meet the needs of this new target group. Since most vampires had been around for quite some time, they had resources to spend and John imagined the bosses of large corporations laughing mischievously at their luck of discovering an entirely new demographic.
Before Sherlock could even take a breath for a snide remark, John stepped forward and replied, "I promise that we’ll take utter care of everything in this remarkable household. We won’t be long."
As if on cue, the front door opened and a man in his mid-thirties stepped onto the porch. John estimated he might be the butler of the manor.
John made it ten steps out of Victoria’s building before using his vampire speed to rush both him and Sherlock into a narrow side street where he could be sure not to be overheard.
“Quite surprising to see such an unasuming man like you with such a donor. He must be quite new, considering his manners and the lack of a mark on him,” the woman said boldly.
John approached him until he caught sight of sharp teeth. He froze, trying to make sense of what he saw. The man’s eyes were wild and fixed on John’s arm and the blood-stained cloth.
"Welcome to Knebworth House, lady and gentlemen," he greeted them with a polite but tight smile. "I’ve been informed that you’ve come to have a look at our portraits. Some of them are very old and need proper care, which is why I have been tasked with overseeing your work."
It was Sherlock who expanded on John’s brief explanation. The mere mention of Irene Adler had the countess blushing furiously, making John’s eyebrows arch and his imagination supply rather vivid scenarios. He shook his head, refocusing his attention on his surroundings. Something was off – the woman was still the only human in the vicinity, but his nose told John there was more to the situation than on first sight.
A moment later, Sherlock was rushing out of the room and John and the others had no choice but to follow. Sterling grumbled something about informing his superior, but all of John’s attention was on the tall figure a few metres ahead of them, his coat highlighting his build and his chestnut-coloured locks reflecting the sunlight that entered the hallway through the windows.
"Well, you sound quite smug about it. Have you ever gone undercover before?" John asked, raising an eyebrow.
“I will be back,” John assured him before pulling the child into a hug. Sherlock clung to him and mumbled about all the things he would miss to see, like the River Amazon or the rain forest. But mostly John.
Simon Dale fancied himself an ascending star in the Vampire Council – he was rather young, and apparently spoke for the common vampire. Estrode saw right through him, however – all Dale wanted was power, and if he needed to pretend to care for the less politically inclined of their kind, so be it.
Ten full seconds passed before the vampire inclined his head. John moved swiftly, claiming the right side of the crescent-shaped sofa. Sherlock slid into place next to John as gracefully as he was capable of.
"No need," was Sherlock’s prompt reply. "Miss Hooper here is one of Britain’s leading curators and perfectly capable of overseeing our work."
“That her?” John asked. The vampire’s nostrils were flaring, probably attempting to catch her scent.
In the end, however, Victoria withdrew, sealing the cut with her saliva. John placed a possessive hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, who quickly cleaned his skin with a tissue from his trouser pocket and rolled down his sleeve.
He tried to explain but the mere mention of the word 'experiment' made the woman explode anew, accusing Sherlock of reckless behaviour and stupidity and alternating this with uncomfortably tight hugs and woeful exclamations of "You could have died in the fire!"
“Only if you leave us days without shelter from it. It’s nearly like with humans if you put them into the desert without water. I survived Afghanistan, though. Bloody hot it was there, too,” John sighed, turning his gaze out of the window and Sherlock assumed he was thinking about his days in the army. “We have a special suncream that protects us and we also cover our skin when it’s as sunny as today,” he replied after a moment, meeting Sherlock’s eyes again.
It hurt to decide to disappear out of Sherlock's life. He didn’t want to get into trouble with the law by committing a crime in seducing a minor. It frightened him because it would not only bring trouble for him but also Sherlock. He didn't deserve that. He was supposed to grow up in a loving and sheltered environment that didn't take advantage of him.
They had met on the battlefield as an enemy soldier put a bullet right through John’s torso. Under normal circumstances, John would have played the part of the wounded soldier, yet looking up he caught a glimpse of another enemy aiming at Gabriel. John tackled the man to the ground – the bullet missed them both just so.
Although he never saw them, he knew vampires working for the Council were watching his family, ensuring that he didn’t give away his real identity. John hated it up until one of those vampires protected his son when he came back late from work and was nearly mugged in a back alley.
“How would I even know it’s not fake and you are just trying to chat me up?” Apparently the vampiress had seen through his charade.
John thought that it would make Sherlock seem much younger and maybe even more interesting for the vampires in the club which probably liked to seek out young and innocent company who looked like they couldn't harm a fly and would be easy to persuade for anything.
Molly nodded. "My contact at Cambridge came through. He says it's the street name for M-Cat, a synthetic stimulant drug, similar to the amphetamine and cathinone classes. Apparently it's been developed primarily for vampires because of the stimulating effect."
Of course, he could also shower at his place but it felt cold and dreary there. Sherlock, having reached the top step, snorted instead of answering John’s question.
John smiled apologetically at Emily, who stepped cautiously around the man and nodded slowly. The vampire put a possessive hand around her waist and bent his head down to her.
One of the best breakthroughs was the invention of bloodbags which vampires could purchase in hospitals. Some of them still relied on hunting animals to indulge their wild nature, but the more civilised vampires, who felt more like an elite, took to the bloodbags. Although only a small percentage of humans knew about the existence of vampires – mostly those who catered for their needs like hospitals and pharmacies – there was a higher awareness for the possible existence of them.
Mycroft inclined his head. "You are a capable soldier, John Watson. It would be a shame to neuter you and lock you up. Although I do believe Estrode is furious. He only too happily agreed to include you in this special task force."
“That’s all total bollocks. We blend into society like a chameleon into nature. About the stake to the heart… maybe I’ll tell you more about it later.” His voice trailed off as he looked out of the window again.
He had watched with awe and fear how much the world had changed by then. Suddenly humans could fly in the sky, use the most vicious weapons to kill other people and drive with cars through the streets. Coming back from Afghanistan to England made him aware how much he had sunk into a depression that blocked his senses from realising what was really happening around him. The only best thing was that he didn’t come back alone from the desert. He had met a comrade whom he could rely on in danger, someone who was also a vampire that had sneaked into the army. His name was Gabriel Moore.
The sexual revolution amongst humans opened up a whole new market to be explored. Bars and fetish clubs catering to humans with a preference for vampires opened as strictly members-only and the Council had a hard time regulating them, especially given the increased risk of hybrid offspring.
"Solid plan. While Mr Holmes takes a few men to her house, I will gather as much intelligence on Moriarty’s movements as possible. He has a lair and we will find it."
This tour was not Billy Murray's first rodeo, as they said. He had seen gruesome things, heroic things… but never anything quite like Osmond Sacker and his best mate. They got out of situations no one should be able to get out of, unscathed nonetheless, just to barge into the next danger that presented itself. Osmond was a fellow medic, just like Bill, and when it came to missions that needed medical personnel able to hold their own in the field, Osmond and Bill usually were their first choice.
During her response, John slid a proprietary hand around Sherlock’s torso and nudged him. It was faint, but decisive. Sherlock leaned back until his shoulders touched John’s chest.
As usual and quite tedious for Sherlock all eyes locked on him, which was no surprise. So far his appearance had worked quite well as a distraction, so that John had the chance to determine who of the vampires was fitting the description Miss Somervell had given. Sherlock's deduction skills were to his dismay limited when it came to the ability of smell but he had spotted that some of the humans had bloodstains on their wrists and necks. A quick glance to John made him wonder how long it had been when he had last feasted on a human. He looked up when John suddenly sat next to him at the bar, looking paler than usual.
The vampire and Sherlock held each other’s gaze for a moment, and this time Mycroft had real difficulties suppressing an eye-roll. He had counted on their personalities clashing and seeing it play out as imagined was even more tedious.
“That’ll do, thanks,” John said with a smile that was probably the cause for the way Sherlock’s heart began thumping so hard, though he decided to blame the sprint down the stairs prompted by the honking cab waiting outside. Seeing as Everhart hadn’t given them a time, they decided it was best to get to the café in Kensington as early as possible.
"I have another thing going and wanted to speak with him about it. He used to frequent some clubs in London but it's been a while and I was wondering if he still does. Have you seen him around lately?"
He watched Sherlock’s jaw clench. "Morning," he managed through gritted teeth, not moving a single muscle in the chair he was sitting in.
Glenda Manor is fictional, but the Elizabethan Manor House "Glynde Place" in East Sussex was the inspiraton for it. It is close to Brighton and just like Knebworth House, its house and gardens are open to the public.
John sighed audibly. He had not imagined seeing the man so soon but he had always assumed that their reunion would be friendlier.
Two years later, some weird murders hit the headlines. Several people were found killed without any sign of violence. It caught Sherlock's attention immediately when Lestrade took him to the crime scene of a woman dressed all in pink on the top floor of a derelict house. He could hunt down her suitcase and the murderer who happened to be a mousy cab driver. By that time, Sherlock didn't know yet that all the victims had been vampires that had been killed by a new-developed toxin that caused a lot of fear among the vampire population. He also didn’t know that his brother's position in the government had brought him into contact with said population's Council.
As soon as he had gained access to John's old home, he had checked it for any clues and had come across an old, empty blood bag that was pushed underneath a cupboard in the dusty basement. His experiments had revealed that it was blood type A, which matched John's, and Sherlock had also found an empty sun cream bottle labelled with a brand name he had never heard of. The remnants of the lotion didn't smell like any sun cream he had ever come across.
A great number of casualties attributed to the Black Death had indeed fallen prey to vampires. Diseases didn’t affect their kind, which made them conspicuous in times of suffering. Additionally with so many people dying, the Council had to reduce the number of allowed kills, or else there would have been no London left to feed off.
The once so great St Paul’s Cathedral was now a sad ruin, only a pile of ashes; its massive stone split apart by the heat of the terrible fire which would be marked in history as the Great Fire of London.
Estrode bared his fangs at him, a sight that still made John flinch. “I cannot have a rogue youngling roaming the streets in hunger, John.” He glanced at his companions and the four men squared their shoulders. The threat hung unspoken between them.
Sherlock gasped when John exploded into motion, his movements too quick for Victoria to deflect. Her back connected with the wall next to the living room door and she hissed, baring her sharp teeth. She couldn’t throw him off, however.
Once downstairs he took a moment to lean his forehead against the nearest wall and released the groan that had been building up in his throat. To think he was about to spend his foreseeable nights parading Sherlock around in fetish clubs… John swallowed. He already felt his rather cold blood getting hotter.
"My flat, of course," Sherlock said with an air of finality as if this had all been a foregone conclusion and John was just slow with catching up. John just crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow.
"I asked what Moriarty wants by building a network of vampires," Adler had explained, "and all she could do was guess. She fathoms Moriarty wants immortality, wants to lead the vampires and promises power and freedom in return."
John hadn’t removed his hand, but even without it he would have heard the stutter in Sherlock’s pulse that indicated the lie.
"You all know why we have gathered here. The problem is called Moriarty, a man who strives to gain power by promising the vampire population victory over humankind. He thinks he can outsmart the government but he’s wrong. Information has leaked through; after all there’s always someone who can’t keep their mouth shut. The newspapers have shown us that the prize these leaks come with is death. We also know how difficult it is to kill a vampire but he seems to have invented a toxin that makes short shrift of those who betray him and that he also resorts to barbaric beheadings." Mycroft grimaced in apparent distaste at such crude measures.
The one most at risk had always been John, seeing as he was a practising physician. His service in the Second Civil War taught him many things, first and foremost his passion for medicine. He didn’t have the money to attend university; instead a soldier whose life he had saved got him in touch with Edward Bowker, a progressive doctor in London. Bowker had studied in Italy under Sanctorius, who invented something called a thermometer and a weighing machine.
John saluted at him through the window while Sherlock ignored the man and drove the car up to the grand house entrance. Up close, the manor looked even more magnificent, the old, leaded windows reflecting the sunshine in all rainbow colours.
Amidst the pile of heavy envelopes Estrode recognised the handwriting of Dr John Watson. They had kept in touch, so Estrode was aware of the untimely death of both the man’s wife and his daughter, whose vampire genes had not saved her from typhus in the end. John never wrote to simply keep in touch, though, and Estrode’s curiosity peaked.
"Yes," Sherlock managed, and began to steer them across the bar towards their suspect before John had a chance to wonder whether or not his rapid heartbeat had more to do with their proximity than the impending confrontation.
“Yes. She owes her wealth to MacCafferty but she’s currently not too happy with him and her situation in general,” he explained in a low voice to avoid being overheard by the woman. “It’s highly unlikely our mark is still in the city or else she would have been nicer to her bag.”
Molly reddened, but she continued. "It makes the heart beat. Briefly. That's what Dan said, uh, my contact. He said the quick addicting effect is due to the incredible high, and most who try it once never stop despite the bad side effect."
“Don’t know,” John said, taking a slow sip from his hot chocolate. “It’s always been like that. Vampires have feared it for centuries. As far as I know, a human found out about it long, long ago when he had to defend his family from a vampire.”
"Which makes them vulnerable to attacks," Sherlock concluded. "Which in turn is the reason it's common in tightly-knit communities like those of these clubs – safe environment for the comedown."
He made quick work of skimming the letter, then set it down slowly. Apparently, the people of Strathaven, the village in the district of Lanarkshire John and his son had settled down in and even found Hamish a wife, were becoming suspicious of John’s youthful appearance. The resulting talk had reached Hamish’ ears as well, and John wanted to tell his son the truth before moving away to avoid detection.
Gabriel also had a political opinion and was interested in making the human population aware that they were sharing their little planet with mythical creatures but he kept many of his thoughts to himself when he saw that a huge war erupted among vampires during World War One. It wasn’t only that Germany had declared war to all nations, it was also the fact that German vampires wanted to overrule Europe and be the only nation with the sole power over all vampires.
“Oh, good evening, Dr Watson, it’s such a pleasure to meet you. Thank you very much for your help. Sherlock is feeling so much better now. I hope he was a good little boy when he went to see you,” she said in a very pleasant voice.
John pulled up the zip of the jacket and nodded at his reflection while combing his fringe back. He looked like someone who loved riding a motorbike. Striking, rough and adventurous.
At a loss of how to address the elephant in the room, John’s eyes darted around for anything that might distract him. They landed on the book in Sherlock’s hand, long fingers gracefully cradling the ancient-looking material.
He had a point, seeing as these were Sherlock's clothes, so John shot the other man a pointed look to make Sherlock give him some privacy, which he did with an eye-roll before facing the wall. Presumably social conventions such as modesty were too trivial for the likes of him, John thought with a chuckle. The trousers fit, albeit a little tight and long. He rolled up the seams a little bit. The white shirt was better, though the fabric spanned slightly across his chest. At least the jacket was comfortable.
Riding the high that resulted from the awe in the other man’s expression, Sherlock’s mind accelerated and he only had to turn the device around in his hands once to explain about the addicted previous owner, John’s brother Harry, and the broken relationship that had led to John owning the phone in question.
