He laughed, catching up. "I would rather you not, though you won't be able to land another hit. You got lucky."
series punished, and it is called
Toni glared at him. "I can punch you again if you like." She pushed the thin cover off and popped up into a sitting position. "Why are you here?" She asked, staring at the deep red mark on his face. She felt bad for hitting him, but she didn't think she had hit him that hard. "What did Sassy Pants tell you?" Was this her playing cupid? If so, she was going to get her back. She did
*O*O*
knew better," he says. "I hurt you, and I am sorry."
Toni stepped back and glanced at Phillips between turning back to Rogers. "I'm going." He was turning into his future self and it infuriated her. He was treating her exact the same way. When did he get the right to tell her what to do? She could handle herself.
He pushed the door open and slowly walked inside with his rifle up, looking for any sign of movement. "Clear," he replied as he stepped aside.
Her smile got even bigger. "Vous n'avez encore rien vu," she stated as she leaned forward in her chair.
"I'm proud of my mouth." She paused to catch the look in his eyes. "And I won't tell you anything, so do your worst."
"Sergeant Barnes said that Hydra shipped all the parts to another facility that isn't on this map." Toni's eye twitch in annoyance at the sound at Rogers' voice, which seemed to carry on for miles. What was it about his voice that did this? It was so loud and annoying.
"Do you think you can hide from me? That you can escape me? That you can escape your bloody past? Not even out here are you safe from me."
Fondling it with his fingers, Killian mindlessly the needle, as his smile grew. "This drug isn't like anything that you had tried before," he said with a wink. "You'll get a kick out of it."
"Really?" Steve snapped. "Am I really that pathetic to you?"
for something? Why?…That was a scary thought.
Toni had thought about telling him the truth and she was going to tell him if she was caught, but now, she wasn't sure. Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath.
Killian's eyes widened as they dropped to her stomach for a second. He glanced back up and grinned. "I see. I can't say that I'm not disappointed, as I am, but I understand. My father used to say, 'Failure is the fog through which we glimpse triumph.'"
Steve already knew that as Colonel Phillips had a hard time with her. "And you're all about style, aren't you?" he asked. At the moment as he stared at her, he had a hard time believing this was the same woman that he had lived with for a short time. How was this the woman who held ice to his face when he came home beaten up?
Clint was still annoyed and it showed to everyone round. He so annoyed that he was willing to pick a fight with Captain Rogers just so he could have something to do, something else to think about.
It irked her to hear him say that. Was that why he didn't love her? Was that why she couldn't make him proud? Was it because he wanted a son? A son to carry on his legacy? Was this why he and Rogers got along? Did he consider the Captain a better legacy than she? "You better watch your mouth," she hissed.
He wasn't wrong about that as Toni would do more than just pinch him. She would punch in the face or the nuts—most likely the nuts. He was pushing all of her buttons, though that wasn't hard to do in her current state. "Why don't you use that hand of yours instead? You probably use it a lot, isn't that right? Hard to find that special person."
(See the end of the chapter for
"He reminds me of you."
"B…but your m-mystery third party wouldn't like that," she said, glaring at him. If he held her any tighter, he would break her jaw.
Shaking her head, she took a deep breath and held it for a few seconds. Exhaling slowly, she kicked the heels off her feet and stretched out her legs. "Stupid heels," she muttered. Holding up her legs, she glanced down to her feet.
Phillips chuckled next to them. "So nice that you two are getting along," he joked.
Howard took a deep breath. "She might be telling the truth that there's nothing to hide."
, and that changed things. She also felt like crap, which put her on edge. If genius had been well rested and didn't feel like she had been hit by a bus, her nerves wouldn't feel like they were on fire. If she had been well rested, she would've felt like the kick ass woman that she was, which would've overcame any nerves. Also, this was the worst possible time for a crazy fan, not when she had to save the world.
"What's it made of?" Rogers asked as he stepped away from Howard.
you need to be well rested," he stated. Fondness filled his eyes as he looked her. "Just imagine what I could do to you, but… Please, Tony. I'm worried about you…" He drifted off, taking a deep breath. "I-I…" He took another deep breath as run one hand down her back while the other tugged at her messy bun. "Promise me you will try to sleep. Promise me, Toni."
down. This is the first time that Barnes has touched him in over a week, and it feels amazing. He feels like he's loved, even if he knows Barnes and Rogers will never love him and that it's all fake pity. Using that, Tony snaps back and stays strong, as he refuses to fall apart now. He can't. Not Now.
"Fine," Toni snapped. "Wait until he's out of combat and not in any danger. Less than mile away from the nearest Quinjet. Let's make him walk, because again, sharing is not caring, and I don't share well," She replied, turning to the elevator.
"You can call me Steve."
"Rogers did not ask me out," Tony interrupts.
He curses at himself. He knows he's making it worse for himself. Why does he have to fall for the two people he can't have? Does he enjoy hurting himself?
I deserve this for- She never finished her thought as a voice interrupted her peaceful death.
"I like to make sure my favorite toy is alive and well since her rabbit is gone."
"I know," she replied. Her voice was soft, fragile. It sounded like she was going to break.
Toni's eyes flew open and she glanced around the cell. "Who's there?" she asked, annoyed at the sound of her own voice. It sounded as if there was a frog in her throat. In the corner, she would see a shape take form. "Come out!"
The sun had since risen, blasting the room with bright light. "Then, let's find out," he said.
Before anyone could say another word, a car engine roared, drawing everyone's attention. With a style that only a spy could do, Natasha pulled up in a car—Now, Toni
"No, that movie is shit," Wilson states, loudly, as he takes up an entire love sit near the door. "And we have seen it a hundred times."
Returning, Steve takes a deep breath as he walks back to the sofa with two bowls filled of different snacks. Stilled for a second, he eyes the left side of the sofa with a frown before he takes a seat. "Easy, Buck."
"Yes, and I got turned down again." He looked so small, hunched over.
Toni's eyes widened as James Bucky Barnes stepped out of the shadows and toward her in predatory fashion. There was an angry scowl on his face, and it appeared like he was ready to skin her alive, as he walked toward her in his WW2 uniform. "No," she uttered, her entire body shaking as she looked over the man in front of her. Her mind had to be playing tricks on her. Had to! Because this wasn't possible. But this
"W-wait, what?" Steve stuttered. "Unrequited love? Bet? What?" There were so many things running through his head and he was unsure of what to make of them.
Pierce reached into his pocket and pulled out a rectangle, folded paper. Judging the worn edges and shiny paper, it was a photo, an old photo, though the image wasn't visible from any angle. "She's be more willing to bend and fold to the will of Hydra."
*O*O*
"Toni," he said sternly. "You need to worry about your health. You can't do this to yourself. You need to sleep."
"I-" Steve started, but stopped, feeling a tug on his shirt. "Toni?" he asked, looking down at the woman in his arms. "What's wrong?" Just like that he lost the Captain's voice, his voice turning soft. "Are you okay? Need something? Whatever it is, I'll do it."
Barton took a step forward, his anger becoming visible with each step. "Why would you let her leave?" he asked, holding his bow tightly.
"In their room, probably doing some unmentionable things to each other," Barton answers. "I wonder who wins-"
After she made sure that the door was secure behind her, she pulled out a small handheld device that Howard had given her. The device had an awkward shape to it, and it barely fit in her small hands, but it was a very useful device. When turned on, the device could map out a building using a special sensor which acted like sonar. "I got it," she stated. The base's layout appeared on the screen. "We just need to go down this hall, turn right, then left and after a few feet, turn left again." She left out a light chuckle. "Once we make it through that, there's just one more door that we have to get pass then we're golden."
"That's impossible, SHIELD would have stopped you," Natasha uttered, her voice hard. Denial heavy in her expression.
With her hands up in the air, Toni backed up, eyeing the car again. There was a part of her that wanted to 'steal' it from Natasha just to see how fast it could go. However, she had a feeling that this was so not Natasha's car, but she didn't want to think about who she was 'borrowing' it from. "Have fun."
He looked at her. "You speak as if there's something to tell."
"Shut up," he yelled, interrupting her.
Steve looked back over his shoulder at them. "It sure seems like it," he muttered as he stormed out of the room. He didn't want to listen or talk about this anymore, as it just pissed him off. Seriously, how could they trust Loki? He murdered half the city and countless more, and they were trusting Toni to him? How could they do that?
The man he was staring down was aware of most of his history, his resume—the death trail that followed him, and wisely, he was shaking in his boots behind his expensive, wooden desk. The Asset didn't expect any other reaction out of the man as he had seen this reaction a hundred of times on his kills, and his handler at the moment, Rumlow, seemed pleased at this as well. He had this creepy smile on his face that could scare most people.
"Captain America! How exciting!" He stated as his grip on Toni's arm slipped, sending Toni to the ground hard. It was clear that she was unable to stand on her own.
"Half way home, I noticed I forgot my cell phone. I need my cell phone. The house phone won't do for business call I am waiting for. Have you seen it anywhere?" Pepper bit her lip, as she glanced around the room. Sighing, she walked to the bar where Steve was standing. "Did you break a glass?" she asked as she noticed the wet counter and small pieces of glass. He nodded. "Just be careful, I don't need anyone to get cut."
Toni was used to fake comments. "It keeps me alive. That's all you need to know." She wasn't going to go into the history of the reactor with his man or her father.
However, he knew better than to jump head first into the Ocean after the egoist Brunette, who didn't know how to shut up. Sure, the Asset wanted and would find her, but jumping head first into the sea without any rescue gear wouldn't help. If she was still down there at the bottom of the ocean, she would be dead, and there would be no saving her, which also didn't sit well with the Asset. The idea of her dead at the bottom of the ocean felt like someone had stabbed him in the gut repeatedly, and he would do anything to stop that feeling.
This didn't feel like a game. He felt honest. "Never said I was." Shaking her head, she turned back to the Lincoln Memorial. No surprise, Barnes was gone.
Clint knocked against the door, noting how strong it was. "This does not look good."
Toni rushed over as she saw Barnes threw him to the ground. She couldn't allow Barnes to beat the shit out of him as it would end with him in the brig. "Bucky, stop," she yelled as she ran toward him. When he didn't respond, she yelled once more, "Stop!" She grabbed his arm and tried to pull him back. She didn't know what it was, but nothing she did disturbed him. Sure, he was stronger than her, but she at least should've been able to do something. "Barnes!"
Steve glanced at Toni from the corner of his eye before he turned to Phillips, who was standing next to Barnes. "She doesn't need to go out. We can handle this on our own."
And I know Howard and Maria died at the same time, but in my story, I am having die first. It is the push that pushes Howard over the edge.
Though she wasn't a girly girl in any shape or form, she still tried to keep herself looking hot. She smiled, because even with a cast, she still looked good. The cast could not hide the fact that there was no fat on her body, but it couldn't hide the scars eithers. A one long one down her left side could be seen. Shaking her head, she turned back to the bed and picked up the dress she was going to wear. She set it on the ground and stepped into it. She was able to put it all the way up and slip her arms into it, but she couldn't zip it. She needed both arms for that. "I guess I could ask Barnes to zip it for me," she said as she looked in the mirror.
Toni's worry turned into annoyance as the urge to punch this man grew. Sure, any fan could be dangerous, but there was something different about this man. He seemed more like an adult child, who didn't know when to stop talking, then a danger. "No, she's not," she hissed, eyeing the open door and the people walking. Sure, the world was going to find out that she was alive—she was Toni Stark, and she could only remain quiet for some long, but right now, the world needed to think she was dead. She needed to be under the radar for her plan to work.
"I think Thor fell for the wrong human."
With pain rushing through her mind, what that female commander had said came flooding back. Skully wanted her for something, which was alarming. Why would he want her? Did he know something? "No," she replied, still wondering what he meant by her rabbit was gone.
"I can't let a pretty dame walk back by herself. I wouldn't be a gentleman if I did," he said.
"I didn't know you could get that loud," Howard stated as he rubbed his ears. "I think I'm deaf. I think the whole lab is death." They were in a decent size lab, which fit 6 lab tables and 4 large lab equipment, and like the lab before, Stark had 10 or so people with him. All of them were male.
"Gone?" she asked, pushing her sore body closer to him.
Pierce was smiling again as he stepped toward the Asset, who was staring at them. "Well, we have the perfect tool for that. We have a ghost."
"Sir," Zola uttered as he watched Schmidt flip every more switches. Toni didn't know what these switches did, but she could hear a clicking sound.
"I thought Nick was going to explode when you went calculated all that stuff in your head," Barnes stated. "It was unbelievable so see her calculate every person's in that buildings totals in her head."
Howard's eyes widened. "No," he protested. "Never! I'm never letting you out of my sight." He reached for Toni and pulled her toward him into a hug.
She thought. She didn't know that the movie was just released. "I saw it a few nights ago." He was eyeing her again with a strange look that she didn't like it. It was clear he didn't believe her. "But, yea, let's go see a movie."
Taking a deep breath, she tried to ignore the growing pain in her ankle. She had pushed herself too much by all of this standing, but she didn't want to show it. She wanted to listen to Steve as he talked about his past. She wanted to hear stories about this childhood. "So what did your snappy brain come up with?"
The man wasn't staring at her, just looking off in the distance at one of the monuments. "I know that look. I've seen that look. Experienced it myself." He paused, letting out sigh. "Saw my best friend for months after his death."
Toni had a love hate relationship with Harley, and she wasn't quite sure if she hated him. Sure, she hated kids by their ages alone (though not as much as she did previously—damn it, Steve.), but she didn't exactly hate this boy…not saying that she liked him. He was annoying as hell. "Why can't I be called Iron Man?" she asked, with a deep sign.
Steve looks at James, giving him a look before he turns back to Tony and caresses his face. "We wouldn't dream of it. Trust us. We won't do that again. Not again." He has a smile on his face as he looks into Tony's eyes. "You will
Then when JARVIS informed her that Toni had left the tower a few hours ago, Pepper almost had a heart attack right on the spot. How could Toni disappear so fast after reappearing? And how could they let Toni leave? How could the love sick
He shrugged it off. "I don't mind it. I rather like the nickname. Funny, dunna think?" His whole body shook as he laughed. "And I would beat the man who used it to insult me."
*O*O*
Toni turned her heavy head toward him and she stared shocked. She didn't realize that he was in the room; she had thought he had left with the crazy one. "He wants too much," she stated weakly.
Barnes was amazed to how easily that Steve had picked him up and how unaffected he was by his weight. How did this happen? "What happened to you?" he asked, unable to help himself.
"Only a fool would mock their jailer," Schmidt stated.
He let out a chuckle. "You didn't have to. With Howard being Howard, it would make sense that you had a lot of nannies, and that you two weren't close." He let out a sigh. "However, I can't have you throwing things at him, even if he deserves it."
"Yes, Sassy. My name for you," Toni explained as she walked pass the agent. "If you're not going to answer, I'm leaving."
Rogers reached up to take pack from Toni. "I got this," he stated.
Peggy's face crunched, not believing it. "Fine, don't tell me, but I'm worried about you."
There was a hard, cold look in Romanoff's eyes, as she drilled into him. "I can accept you didn't mean to," she said, softly but deadly. "I can accept it was accident. So, there is not-"
"The failure rate is calculated at 85.2%."
She was the
Steve frowned. "It's the truth. Looked at what just happened between us. It shouldn't have happened."
Jones laughed. "Shit, we still got the last name treatment."
Rogers was the last name she wanted to hear, and she would do anything not to see him. She wouldn't be able to take the look in his eyes. "Is he in the tower?" She asked, hoping he wasn't.
"You know I still don't have a nickname," Barnes whined, eyeing Toni's hand on Steve's shoulder. "I feel left out."
Bucky's expression has completely changed since he first entered the room, and he's smiling now. Tony can see it in his eyes. "I just want to hear him say it again. Say it again, Dollface."
"We need to talk."
Toni closed her eyes, trying to catch her breath, but there were so many things in her head that she couldn't, and it was driving her closer and closer to a panic attack, which angered her. She hated those panic attacks of hers, which seemed to have gotten better… or so she thought.
Giving up, she headed toward the back of the room, where she came in from. An usher, standing by the door, was staring at her. Though she knew she was a distraction to the whole auditorium, she did not him staring at her. However, she could ask him if he saw Steve. He would remember seeing someone like Steve.
A part of her—the part that hated herself- wanted to stop and let them kill her. It wasn't like she was any match for them in her current physical or mental state. She could barely think straight, not with the recent head injury she suffered. Her head pounding. She could feel the warm blood dripping down her face onto her clothes, and though she could not see it, it felt like her entire face was covered in blood, blurring her vision.
until next time.
Tony takes a deep breath as he turns to one of his Iron Man suit against the wall. Learning that retirement is never going to stick, he gives up trying and keeps a suit ready. He knows it's unhealthy because the suit is more than him wanting to save people. It's a safety net for him. "Prepare the suit for me," he orders, though he has no idea of where he will be heading. He just needs to go.
. No one stole from him and got away from it. To make matters worse, someone was using those items to mess with his team, and no one messed with his team but him. Though Stark annoyed the hell out of him, he wouldn't let anything happen to her, unless she deserved it. He doubted that it would ever come to that, but again, he had to play it safe.
She let out a chuckle. "And you think the camp is safer?" she asked. She couldn't count all of the times that some asshole tried to force himself on her, thinking she was easy.
Steve turned around quickly and uttered loudly, "What?"
Toni couldn't watch Schmidt and Zola leave the room as her head was forced back and a bucket of ice water was poured on her face. The water flowed into her nose and mouth, and her eyes were forced shut as the ice pelted her. She let out a sigh of relief when the water stopped; however, that was short lived. She was ripped from the chair and thrown face first into a hot tub of water, which singed her skin.
Barnes took a deep breath as he walked pass her. Toni eyed his back as they made their way slowly toward the base. They were crunched low as Barnes kept his gun pointed forward. He continuously scanned the area looking for any signs of movement or an enemy scout team.
To be honest, it was weird to see him like this, and she didn't know how to act around him. She was able to see he wasn't a total asshole that was if she put her anger aside for a second. Though his ego was the most annoying thing on the planet, he was relatedly nice to the people around him and, for the most part, he was approachable. However, that did not mean she would change her outlook of him.
Why does he have to be so weak?
"That's up to you."
"Geez, aren't happy to see us?" Gabe asked, as they stepped into the room. An unsteady Dugan using a cane followed behind him with an unknown young man following behind.
To her luck, it was in the science lab, mixed in with her father's equipment. It was neatly in its case and stacked on top of a few metal cases, which brought a smile to the genius' face. This was one of the few things that she didn't share with her father. Though she wasn't generally a messy person, her labs were never straight or neat. Her blueprints and tools were usually scattered a crossed the work bench, or sometimes, the floor. However, she knew-
(See the end of the chapter for
"Either way, I'll rot in jail, so what is the point?"
Being in her suit felt amazing and for the first time in a long time, Toni felt free-in control. There was no one to tell her what to do or how to act, and she loved it. She
*O*O*
"A warning!" Pepper replied, loudly.
Toni groaned as she looked her father over. She wanted to forget that Howard knew that he was her father, because it would be easier. "Peggy," she said, straightening up. "I have things to do. If you don't mind, I better be off."
Toni really wasn't afraid of her death as much as Pepper was, but Toni wasn't going to mention that to Pepper. She wasn't going to mention her guilt either, because that would make it worst. "Pepper."
He glanced up at her before looking back down at his menu. "I could've hurt you." He said, his voice soft. His voice was heartbreaking soft, sounding like someone had stepped on his heart. "I
As she was like him in many ways, he could've been a night owl like her, but when he didn't answer, she knew it wasn't him. He would've answered her… unless this was a prank. He wouldn't be pranking her, would he? The future version of her father would not... but the past Howard seemed totally capable of it. "Stark, if this is a joke, I'm going to hang you up by your toes, and leave you out to dry," she warned dangerously. "Stark!" There was still no answer, which was starting to worry her.
"Just kill me then," Toni retorted. It would make it so much easier if she was dead. She wouldn't have to worry about getting back to the future and she wouldn't have to worry about accidently changing the future.
"You know she didn't. You have heard what Pepper said," Clint stated, leaning against the door.
"I do enjoy watching you work."
. So many things screaming at her at once, clawing at her. With tears forms, she buried her face in her lap, as she tried to force everything out. "Just stop," she uttered, feeling sick.
"Why do you think that?" Natasha asked.
"Recruiting?" Barnes asked, breaking the silence.
"I'm not mad."
Okay, Clint could guess to where the man had headed: back to the road. Did the man walk back in his steps with Toni in his arms? "Shit," he cursed as he turned back to the road. Before he could take a step, he noticed a red and gold phone buried halfway beneath the leaves. He lowered himself to the ground and picked it up. "Shit," he repeated, as he examined it. The phone was shattered, which spoke volumes. Toni had bragged to anyone who would listen how unbreakable her phone was; Steve even had a go at it. With a tear that Toni would deny, Steve did break it, but he had to put some force into it. So for her phone to look like this, there had to have been a super soldier here, and fuck, the bad guys had one. Did assholes really send a super soldier after a suit-less Toni? What the hell did they want with Toni that they had to a send a super soldier?
Tony knows he should be happy at the news, but he can't. It hurts too much. "It didn't feel like that a few months ago, when you and your buddy were beating the crap out of me. Was that because you care? If so, I don't want that. Don't need that." He knows he might be going too far by bring up the past, but he can't help it. It hurts. Just hurts to be this close to him.
," Pepper repeated. There was something in Pepper's voice that grabbed Toni.
Natasha pushes herself slightly up to get a better look at the Archer who has just entered the room. "You're late," she says. "But we didn't start yet. Can't pick a movie."
However, Pepper didn't care how insane she sounded or looked as she called ahead to have the Stark Private Jet ready for take-off in a few minutes. The CEO wanted to be in New York as soon as possible. To settle her nerves, she needed to see Toni for herself and make sure she was okay. If she was, Pepper was going to wring her neck for making her worry, as she had aged by ten years because of that woman. She wouldn't be surprised if there were gray hairs growing already.
The Captain stood up and walked to the bar. Though it was impossible for him to get drunk, he would try. It was after he poured himself a glass of whiskey that he answered her. "Why is this mine fault? I didn't do anything to her. It isn't my fault that no one can talk to her."
Before you all stoned me, I would like to say it took me longer to proof this bitch than to write it. Granted, it started at 6,000 words, and when i proved it, it jumped to 9,000 words.
Toni had put her gun back into the holster as she hacked her way into the base, surprisingly this base was very high tech. It wasn't something that she expected in this time, though they did have Tesserac. She took a deep breath as the lock clicked, signaling she was in. "We're in," she said, turning back to Barnes who was served the look out. He nodded as he waved her back from the door. She backed away and allowed him pass.
"Do you believe in God, Toni?" Steve asked.
"It's understandable. Think about it."
she told herself. It wouldn't do any good to snap on Peggy as that was what the Sassy Agent wanted, and she wouldn't give that to her. "Besides insulting me, is there a reason why you interrupted my training?"
"Hello?"
"What happened to us?" he asked, thinking back to all of their times that they had spent just talking in his little apartment. Sure, all they did in this time was fight, but they were close in the past. They joked and teased the other, and there were times she had tried to hook him up. He lost track to how many times she had done that. "I l-"
Dugan's head popped up. "Which way is that? He would want to know about your arrival."
"Oh, we know, Wilson." Clint replies as he rubs his ears. "Stop whining."
Toni was shivering in the cold wind as Barnes and she were hunched down in dead shrubs right outside of the base. She had her gun drawn as she waited for Barnes' signal. He was looking for the right opening, and it wouldn't be long as most of the Hydra Soldiers were trying to stop Rogers, which was almost impossible with his super strength. However, Toni was worried about him, but she knew it wasn't needed. With his skills, he could take care of himself.
"Are you okay?" Bruce asked, worried.
"Do you love him?" she repeats, firmly. "Do you care about him?"
Toni reached in her pocket and pulled out her broken smart phone, which wasn't totally beyond repair, but again, she didn't have the materials she need. She might be able to rework the parts. "I can do that when I get back to the apartment," she stated, hoping that Barnes and Rogers hadn't kill each other. Shaking her head to clear her thoughts, she stood up. She had so much planning that she needed to do. "Maybe, I should try and randomly get caught." Though she would have to tell them the truth (and risk the possibility of being put in a nut house), it might be the only way she could get her device back.
"Toni."
With a deep sigh, she forced herself to the present as the Iron Man touched down on roof of Steve's apartment building. Roof squeaked under the heavy the suit, signaling the age of the building, but this was barely a bump on Toni's mind. With JARVIS in the pilot seat, her mind was everywhere but this old roof in D.C. that the genius had found herself on. The building itself could've been fire and she would not have noticed.
It was too much to handle at the moment, and she did what she did best: she ran. Taking a break from everything, she disappeared into the woods again, but she wasn't alone. Barnes was with her, as he became her shadow lately. She wasn't sure if it was just because Salty had told him to or if he was trying to make up for being an ass. The reason didn't matter, because his presence was relaxing, even if he told her that she was being stupid.
Anyhow, don't forget to tell me what you think.
Toni's hands tightened around the box to the point it hurt. "You agree with him?" she asked, fighting back the anger that was struggling to break free.
"My name is Toni and…" She paused as she thought about what she 'wanted to remember.' "And that's about it. I don't know who my family is, but I suspect they would've found me if I had any or if they cared. I remember a few things that I like and don't like." She shrugged. "…Not much if I think about it."
She shook her head as she entered the building. "You better tell him." She wanted to say 'or else I would', but she didn't want to pull that card. Plus, it wasn't her job to do so. It was someone else's because she wasn't supposed to be here in the first place.
Just like he suspected, Pierce wanted to know why Fury was in his apartment, which was something that Steve wanted to know himself. He didn't have an answer for the man... No, he did, but he wasn't quite sure of it just yet. Could he go off what Nick told him? To trust no one? He would have to trust the man. Granted, the idea that he couldn't trust the organization and team that he fought alongside was unnerving. He put his life in these people. "He told me not to trust anyone.
Without another word being said, Tony feels two pairs of arms carefully untangle him from his best friend and Natasha, and there's nothing he can do to stop them. Feeling his muscles twitch, he doesn't put up much of a fight against the two as they pick him up with ease and pull him to them. He does nothing when he finds himself in Bucky's chest and Steve's arms wrapped around them. Tony knows he's trapped as they rest their heads against his, but he wonders if he wants to do anything about it, as he feels so good in their arms. Really Good.
"Thanks." Steve met Rumlow's eyes, giving him a nod before looking back at Natasha. "Why does it not feel okay?" he asked, softy. He didn't like the look she was giving him.
"Just came back from combat," Barnes answered. "It got a little ruff, but it isn't anything that I can't handle." He paused. "I think it makes me look manlier." He let out a laugh. "What do you think?"
"You better not."
Not allowing Toni's comment to get to her, Maya adds, "A lots happened, Toni, but I'm close. Extremis is practically stable."
Dugan laughed. "Let's just get you home."
"Why can't you see that the world would be better off without you?!"
, Rollins and the rest of the gang would not have betrayed them like the shits that they were. Barton was teammates with these men, he had fought beside them in some of the deadly places on earth. They had shared jokes and meals. Yes, the Archer had done the same when he went undercover, befriending criminals, but this was different. They were supposed to be the good guys. They were supposed to be the heroes, but yet, here they were. It hurt more than he cared to admit. He was just fucken glad that he didn't mention Laura and his kids to any of those fuckers.
After all of the time Toni had spent with the kid, she realized that the idea of kids wasn't the worst thing ever, though they would have to be like Harley. He may be a smart ass, but he wasn't a screaming shit bag like the few others she had seen. She couldn't stand the whiney ones. "Yeah. A: Saved you first, B: Thanks, sort of but not really, and C: If you do someone a solid, don't be a yutz, alright? Just play it cool. Otherwise you come off grandiose." However, Harley needed some training.
Toni hugged her back. "I know," she replied. "And I am sorry." They remained in each other's arms for quite a while, not moving, as they each knew what was about to happen.
Clint glared at the ceiling, not knowing where to glare. It was annoying not having anything physical to yell at, when he was pissed, and he was pissed. "What the hell happened?"
she told herself. Maybe, she should've taken Loki's offer, even if it was the most obvious trap in the universe. She wouldn't be suck in this mess, though she would probably be in a bigger mess.
"I know," she stated annoyed. She wasn't stupid; she knew it was cold out here. "Do you always ask strangers if they are crazy or am I just lucky?" she asked. She didn't know what was up with herself these days. Her mood was constantly changing and she was beginning to wonder if she was bipolar.
Toni's heart slowly returned to its normal speed. "Yea," she articulated, not sure of what else to say—not that she would say it. Sharon saw her mid freak out, something that she hid at all cost. "Peachy." With a deep breath, she glanced back at Steve's apartment. The door was still open, exposing the apartment to the hallway, but Barnes was gone like he was never there…which he wasn't. Barnes was dead. He would never be there. She was just a nut case.
Toni narrowed her eyes at him as she yanked the folder from his hands, knowing what it was instantly. She tried to fight looking over to Rogers, who was feeling just as guilty as she was about Barnes, but she couldn't stop herself and turned to him. For what felt like an eternity, they made eye contact as if he knew what she had. His eyes felt like they were drilling into her, and she couldn't help but shudder.
"Easy, Rogers," Natasha replied.
"Enough," Toni snarled, glaring at Jim. She knew she needed to calm down and Jim had a point, but she wasn't a child. She could handle this…even if she was seeing things-though it was really one thing. One person. Even if she hadn't always been able to make out the man's face, she knew who was torturing her mind. No matter how much time had passed, Bucky would always haunt her, always be on her mind. "You either back me or you don't. It's that simple."
Grabbing the back of Toni's neck, Barnes hauled her up and pinned her to a nearby tree with an impressive strength. "Who said death is punishment?" he hissed, Russian accent breaking through his normally non-tone voice.
He stepped to her, his eyes on her tensed shoulders. "I care about you… deeply care," he said, afraid to use the word love. "I hated how we left things in both times. I shouldn't have pushed about your father in the labs, and I shouldn't have..." He drifted off when he thought about how he rejected Toni for Peggy. He hated himself for that. "You're s-"
Steve stared down at her, eyeing her for a second before turning back to the SHIELD personal. "They have this handle," he replied as he noticed Natasha and Fury getting out of an unmarked car. There was an angry look on his face. "Let's go home."
Toni and Barnes had just taken a seat in a booth at a diner. "It looks like an old fifty dinner," she smiled as she took the coat she was wearing off. Barnes had offered to help her, but she had turned him down. She didn't need any help with the perfectly fitting coat that she had borrowed from Rogers.
Freaking, she ducked beneath his arms and bolted. She didn't give him another look as she tried to disappear into the trees. She held her father's letter close to her chest as she reached back to the journal, which was slipping from the rim of her pants. As it held her father's words, she couldn't bear to lose it. She couldn't lose the last tie she had to her father, who had shown her that she could be loved. That he did love her.
The Colonel let out a sigh as Stark was very annoying. "Let's get back to business," Phillips ordered. "I don't think it would be wise for you to speak with Toni."
"Yes, Sir. I do," came Roger's slow response.
Pierce unfolded the picture, staring at it for a few seconds before showing it to the Asset. "Because we have him. We have a ghost. She won't know what's going on."
"Clint," Natasha interrupted him, harshly, as she elbowed him hard—
Turning around, Toni felt her heart drop as she eyed the man a few feet from her. It suddenly felt like her brain had stopped working, stopping firing, as she eyed the man. Her body didn't want to move, to obey her commands, as she stared at the man. It was like time had stopped and she was frozen in time. "Bucky?" she uttered… No, it couldn't be. It just couldn't be. He was dead. Died over 70 years ago. There was no way that he was here. No way.
"Do you trust Fury?"
Asset turned from where the Brunette's house once stood and stared down at the ocean below. In the aftermath, the ocean was anything but calmed as pieces of the house were tumbling down the steep cliff, hitting the water hard. The ruff, violent water reached high into the sky with each impact from the fragments of the plummeting house, and it was difficult to make out the Beefy Blonde who had dived into the water to search for the Brunette. It was both honorable and stupid for the Blond to go diving in after the woman, which annoyed the Asset even more.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony doesn't answer as his brain goes into overdrive. The tiniest things are getting to him, and he doesn't know how to handle it. For example, he doesn't know where to sit. Sure, Rhodes has offered to cuddle with him, but he has no idea of where he's supposed sit. His old spot, before he started to date the Soldiers, is an oversized recliner, but Clint's currently in it and it looks like he has no interest in moving. He can't sit in the empty sofa that he sat in the last time, because that's where Barnes and Rogers sit. They've been sitting there for months, and Tony only sat there when he stared to date the two. And now, that seat's forbidden to him, so Tony stares, unsure where to sit.
bearable if Steve was by her side—not that she want one now...Not now. But did she want one? "Well, they're going to be Baby Starks, not Baby Rogers," she said, finally finding her voice.
Steve stared at where the glass doors were supposed to be. "Wait, what is this?" From floor to ceiling, metal doors blocked the lab entrance. In big block bright yellow lettering, the word caution was plastered against the huge metal doors.
*O*O*
"I am glad that I have your blessing," FRIDAY says, interjecting without hesitation.
The Doctor stepped away from the table. "I wanted to take another look at the chest piece's blue prints before speaking with you." After studying and scanning the rector, Stark, with the help of Erskine, had drawn out a basic design. They would not know what it did until they took a real look at it. "As I now know its prime function, I can better understand it," he stated.
Once on the other side of the fence, Toni laid flat on the ground, trying to make herself as small as possible. A guard, that she was expecting, stepped a few feet from her. The guard, who was heavy armed, looked around, and after a few seconds, he walked away. Toni waited a few more seconds to make sure that he was gone before she pushed herself off the ground. It was then that she proceeded to quietly freak out.
Steve could see Howard doing that. "And he just told you?"
"She keeps calling me Stark. It is bothersome," Howard replied with a pout. "However, Shawarma?"
t be erroring… it had to be her. Where was Steve when she needed him? He was her rock, her base. He kept her grounded, when nothing else worked. He would tell her that she wasn't crazy, refusing to let her believe it. "JARVIS, enough," she ordered.
"How come it's not a standard issue?" He moved the shield in different angles, testing it.
"I thought you were dead," Steve replied as he helped him to his feet.
Toni stared at the woman, who came in with a needle. What the fuck was she wearing? It appeared to be a 1940's something nurse's uniform, which consisted of a white dress with an ugly collar and sleeves and a light blue sweater. "What are you wearing?" She asked. No present day nurse would wear that shit and she knew damn sure SHIELD didn't have facilities like this, noticing how old the room looked like.
"Hey, Toni." He had on his stupid smile, which matched his annoying fancy suit that he always wore.
call that baby a car- by the curb and put down the window. With grin that took up her face, she inquired, "Does any of you know where the Smithsonian is? I'm here to pick up a fossil." Her eyes flicking to Toni. In truth, she was focused on her covered wrist.
she thought; however, that thought didn't last too long. There was no way she could take anything that he was giving.
Toni wondered for a second if they would've yet her go if she was male, but that didn't matter. She didn't have time to think about shit like that, when she had to get home. "What do you think?" she asked.
Madame Hydra looked at the Captain before looking back to Schmidt. "He was easily captured. I expected more."
"I want to show you something, Okay?" He paused for a second, thinking. "Then we're going back home."
Natasha laughed, really laugh. "Good answer."
It took Toni a few minutes to catch up, as even Rogers' slow walk was a speed walk. Also, as her body was still sore, she had a difficult time running or jogging. She kept tripping over her own feet. She was only to catch him because some officer had stopped to speak with him. "Rogers," she called when she got within a few feet from him.
Tony can't help but groan as FRIDAY brings up the footage. Why do these two think it's their job to take care of him? Bringing him food, making sure he has gotten some sleep. He likes it better when they thought he hated them. Why did he tell Barnes the truth again? Tony isn't sure, but he doesn't like how Rogers in the footage picks him up and moves him to the couch. He doesn't like the look in Roger's eyes when he sets him down, and he hates the feeling in his stomach. He isn't some fuck teenager! He's a grown ass man, and he doesn't fall like this for anyone!
"Because you're perfect." She didn't respond, didn't even move. "You are."
Before, Toni would've taken insult to that; however, she couldn't find it in herself to be insult, not after all of the time that they had spent together. Howard still annoyed her though. "Geez, you know how to insult a person." She glared at her before she turned to Phillips. "Can I get the core and Tesseract so I can go home, where I won't be insult? Plus, I would enjoy sleeping in my bed," She asked, struggling against Howard, who still hadn't let go. "And can you let me go?"
Steve glanced Toni again and his glance softened. "You won't kill me. I can do this all day."
"It would also be wise if you stop trying to get me in your bed. There's no chance in hell that I would sleep with you and there's no way that I would take your deal," she said, getting angrier with each second. She balled her hands yet again as she tried to calm herself.
Toni took a deep breath to calm herself, because Peggy's statement just infuriated her. "Play?" She tried to hold back her anger but it was seeping through. "I do not play and I'm
She turned to him, her eyes wide. "Your daughter? I'm
Plus, Gabe said his daughter was probably going to call the search team if he didn't return soon, which Trip laughed at in agreement. Dum Dum also mentioned that Nancy was probably worrying and fretting about him not being back yet, which Steve eyed in confusion. It took him a few seconds to remember that this was the Nurse, who Dugan fancied and followed around like a lost puppy in the nursing home. It made Steve laugh as he wondered how that Nurse put up with Dugan. Serious, this woman must be a saint or something.
Barnes did not like his tone at all; he made it seem like it was all his fault. Sure, he had some part to blame in this, but he did try to talk Toni out of this. She wouldn't listen to him and he couldn't stop her. "I'll leave when we find her."
It is me again... Hope the wait wasn't too bad.
Rogers glanced up and smiled. "I like to beat the odds."
Let me know throw reviews. I love reviews.
Hearing Barnes' angst and anger, the silent genius turns to them. Tony looks between the two, and he can't help but admit that these two look good together
The AI does not waste any time in responding. "Colonel Rhodes is correct, Boss. A night's-"
And now, she was completely out of her element and completely unprepared. The genius, though dressed in a long sleeve shirt, was not dressed for the snow; plus, she was in California mode, which involved the sunny 70s or hotter. While in this mode (yes, she still had a New York mode), she couldn't handle the snow in any shape or form, though her lack of winter clothes didn't help. Besides all of the memories that she didn't want (like the other countless times she had been stuck in the cold), she couldn't handle the cold at all, and though she would deny it until she was blue in the face, she whined like a baby.
From her angle, she couldn't see what he was looking at, but she didn't care enough to move. She was too tired to deal with the world, and her exhaustion was only growing. She just wanted to sleep, but the idea of sleeping scared her. If she saw the flashes when she was awake, she hated to see her nightmares.
The nurse moved around Phillips and stepped toward the IV bag. Toni eyed the nurse with a penetrating scowl as she fought her father. "Please, don't," she begged.
"You should just shut up," he hissed as he flipped her without much effort.
Howard let out a small chuckle. "I don't think I can ever win with her," he stated as he picked up the case and headed to the door. "I'll leave now. I have to pack anyways." With that, he was out the door.
Steve glanced around the room, noticing a few eyes on him, which was just a sign that he needed to relax. He had to remind himself that this was just a game to Loki, who trying to get to them. The Captain knew this, but he couldn't help but fall for it. "He seems interested in T-Stark," he said, trying to play off his shock.
Toni fought back her chuckle at finally annoying him, knowing it would be a bad idea. "Technology is not as good as it should be. Is it really hard to believe that you cannot find record of me?"
He looked at her stun; it took a second to respond. "That isn't it. You just don't need to go out."
"Sark. Sark!"
Her words struck him hard, as her tone had changed slightly. If he hadn't spent so much time with her in the past, he would have missed it. However, he wasn't sure what that change of tone meant. "It's what you make of it, Stark."
"Yes, Miss."
However, she couldn't. She couldn't lead them to Rogers for the fear of the future, even if he would've liked this time better. "I…know where…Rogers went down," she said, between her sobs. She may not have been on the task or the job, but she had seen the files. She had seen where he had went down. "I can…lead you to…him….." She drifted off again as she brought the box to her chest. "B-but I can't."
"That isn't fair."
Tasha is still giving him a look, eyeing every twitch in the Genius. "So do something, because if you don't, I will, and I doubt you want that," she states.
This was where it all spiraled down for everyone in the room, and this was where he was making it worse for him. He was never one to put his own foot in his mouth, but he knew he was doing it right there. However, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't stop himself.
There it was again, his crushed face, and it crushed her. She had hurt him with that line and she felt like garbage. Why did she always have to hurt people? Why did she make a sport of it? She knew why. She was hurting and when she was hurting, she lashed out. It was what she did. It was what she would always do, because she was her father's daughter, and she hated that. "I better go before I say something I'll regret."
With a look of defeat, Steve glanced up from the pan, sparing her a quick look before looking back down. "You know what? Me, you. We're going out to get breakfast. There's this nice dinner a few blocks down."
Shaking her head, Toni stared at the two elderly man, not able to shake the feeling that she knew them from somewhere. Not one to make friends with elders (or anyone), she didn't know many elderly people besides the people sitting on her board of directors. "I'm not anyone's girl."
"I gave you all the files," Fury said.
When Steve finally pulled away, he was beaming at her. It was almost sickening how happy he was. "You have no idea of how much that means to me."
She hated talking about her emotions. "Don't you have somewhere to be?" she asked, as she nodded toward the door. He had his bags ready.
Yes, they weren't really
The words came out of his mouth before he realized that he was speak, "There's a chance you might be in the wrong business." It brought SHIELD to the forefront of his mind, that shit show would end all shit shows. If he wasn't careful, he would drown in that, especially when he remembered the howling commandos. It hit him like a ton of bricks, and he felt sick. It was too much; his heart was about to burst. Steve worried about Toni, who hydra—fucken Hydra—wanted to turn. The thought turned Steve's stomach. Toni would never help Hydra, but she wasn't seeing Hydra. She was seeing Bucky. She was chasing James Barnes, giving
However, there was one thing that she knew. Even after losing feeling of her being, she knew she was screaming. She couldn't hear her scream, hear anything anymore really, but she was screaming. It was too much and she wished that the darkness would take her away. She wished this darkness would just end her as she couldn't take it anymore. It was too much. Just too much. It was-
"He isn't happy about a lot of things," Steve muttered, sighing. They hadn't talked much since the night Toni had disappeared, and it wasn't because they were worried about the lost genius. Hawkeye and Captain America worked well together in the field, but off the field, their two different attitudes didn't match well together.
Steve's smile was huge as he stared down at her. Sure, this wasn't going to be easy, and this wasn't going to be a fast fix, but as he looked down, he knew it was all worth it. Toni Stark, even if she didn't believe it, was worth it, and he would fight an army to be with her. It would be worth it to see her smile, to know that she was happy. It would be worth it to hold her in his arms. "You." Even with the dark mark on her face, she was beautiful.
She stopped laughing for a second and glared. "Wait, what?" She paused. "Try what?"
Out of habit, Toni took a look around, looking for her stalker. It made sense that her stalker was working with Hydra, but something was still off. How could Hydra know anything about her? There could be a mole inside of Salty's operation, but that didn't make sense either. If there was, Hydra wouldn't need a mission to get her as they could get her while she was alone. That Commander was also shocked to see her there, and if there was a spy, they would've known that.
Phillips took a deep breath. "And there's nothing that I can say to stop you?" he asked.
Tony chuckles, really chuckles. He doesn't know what he would do without his bots. "Oh, what have you done to our least favorite Super Solders?" Sure, it hurts to think of them, but FRIDAY has his attention now, and he needs this. He needs something to laugh at, because if he doesn't, his angst takes over, and all he can think about is pain. So he listens as FRIDAY lists what she has done to the Soldiers, who are trying their hardest to get into the lab.
"Geez, does everyone think as me as the town-"
That hit her, because there was a time where she had thought that; however, that was before the Iron Man Suit. That was before she met the Avengers. That was before everything. Was he saying that she had been lying to herself? Had she not really changed? "You're the one who goes around, rubbing it into people's faces that you're a Stark," she stated, trying to come up with something. Really all her statement did was insult her.
It had taken a few minutes for Bruce to talk Steve down from his mood and get him out of the lab so he could work. It was hard to do anything with Steve around, which annoyed them both. He knew Steve was feeling useless right as there was nothing he could be doing. Steve wasn't stupid by any means, but he wasn't genius. He didn't understand anything about what Toni was building. Toni and Bruce could have whole conversions in front of Steve with him not having a clue to what they were saying. Toni thought it was funny, though Bruce didn't think so. He took a deep breath as he thought about her. He could keep himself busy, trying to recreate the device, but Steve could not. Steve was good, no great, in the field, calling out strategies; however, in the lab, he was not. They both knew it.
"Well, that's no fun," he stated as he stepped toward her and leaned against the table a foot away from her.
"We will see," he replied,
"Yeah, I would have." His glance was soft.
Before she could make out his face, she was pulled from her thoughts, as Rumlow lifted her off her feet, drawing her hazy attention. It was battle to look at him, as sleep wanted to pull her in. She compelled herself to look at the man, who held her, and even if she was too exhausted to think clearly, there was something about him as well. Though she didn't get a good look at him, he had a well-trimmed body and rustic look to him that Toni had to say was attracted. There was no doubt that he had the charm to go with it, but there was something off.
She raised an eyebrow. "If I could hit you, I would." Toni could feel the exhaustion flow through her; it was like she hadn't slept for days, and then there was her stomach, which felt like she hadn't eaten in months. "What do you want? My throats hurts too much for this game you play."
Toni tiled her head slightly to watch him as he traced the bruise with his fingers. She could see the worried look on his face as he tried to hide his anger. "Training," she answered softly. "Romanoff kicked my ass."
It was the same voice that had called her name, but he wasn't talking to her. He was ordering someone to do something, though Toni wasn't sure what. All she knew was that the man was picking and pulling her into his warm chest.
What she really wished she had was a bullet proof vest, but they didn't have those in this time. Why didn't they have them in this time? What would happen if she was shot at? Depending on where she was hit, she would be dead… Was this really a good idea? She wasn't really trained to go into combat, though Barnes had given her some tips. Salty had even taken her aside and gave her a quick run through, though Toni wasn't sure that was enough considering what happened the last time. She had combat experience, but that was with the Iron Man suit and not hand to hand combat.
"At first, I knew something was odd, especially with that thing in your chest, and after Phillips couldn't find anything on you, I decided to use my resources to try," he said, stepping to her.
The genus doesn't know when he came home the night before, but he's on the couch in the lab under a blanket. He's in a state of confusion as he doesn't remember falling asleep on the couch. He remembers coming home from his horrible date (He couldn't get
She growled which made him laugh harder. She threw the other fist in annoyance, but that wasn't too smart as he was able to grab it as well. "Ass," she muttered.
Having lost count to how many times she had heard his voice, it no longer surprised her. Instead, Toni let out a deep sigh, doing the same thing that she always did when she heard Barnes' voice. She ignored it, because it was one thing to hear voices. It was another thing to talk to them. That was a true sign that she was crazy if she started to have fights with herself- because that was what it really was. Bucky was dead; she was just hearing her own guilty. That was all.
"Now, go clean yourself up. Toni will be very upset if you dirty her lab."
"What, Rogers? Can't get the words out?" she asked. "Did your brain not thaw out yet?"
"Your affection for this woman," he waved back toward Toni. There was a sick look on his face when he looked at her.
"No, you don't," he said, standing in front of her. He reached for her again, to pull her back into the bed, but she pushed his arms away. "Relax."
Balling her hand, Sharon allowed Pierce to leave the room before she headed toward the door herself. Though she could see the rest of the room was just as much shock as she was, she didn't have time to ponder this. When she told Steve she would find Toni, she would. She was just more determined than ever. She had seen the worry and fear in his eyes. Sure, Steve was the protective type, but seeing Toni the night before, Sharon couldn't blame him. That Genius was a Hot mess with a capital H. She could walk in front of a bus and not realize it. That was what Sharon was worried about, especially if the good guys were turning bad. If SHIELD was hunting Captain America, there was no telling what was happening to Toni.
After a sigh, Steve hated how she hid before her jokes. Why couldn't she be honest with someone? Was she was honest with anyone, like Ms. Potts or Colonel Rhodes? He hadn't had the pleasure of meeting them, but he had heard they were close. He wasn't sure how close Rhodes was to Toni, but he told himself he wasn't going be jealous of nothing.
Did he really consider this a better mood? He must be crazy, though she had to admit that she less snappy than before. "Don't make me beat you," she threatened. It was a buff really; as the last two times she dealt with him, she was saved by Barnes who wasn't in camp at the moment. That also annoyed her as she was
"What do they have me in?" she asked herself as she looked at the bra and panties she wore. The white bra didn't have any shape to it as it coved half of her chest. It also made her look flat chested. "Not like I had any boobs to begin with," she muttered to herself. The bra matched the ugly panties she was wearing, which almost looked like shorts. It went past her belly button. "I so need to get out of this."
"Won't work," he mutters to himself. He doesn't want to be a second choice. Can't be. It will hurt, and he doesn't want to be second place—well, that's given in any field as he's a Stark, but he doesn't want that in a relationship. He doesn't want someone to 'settle' for him. He wants to be the one and only, and he can't be that with Rogers. Barnes, even when he was gone-dead to the world, is the most important person to Rogers, and there's no completing with a dead guy. He will always pick Barnes no matter what, and Tony isn't a fool. He isn't going to lie to himself and say it's any different.
After a few deep breaths, she was able to settle her mind and get her breath back, but when she looked up and saw Rogers and Carter together, she almost lost it again. There they were still locked in each other's arms, staring at each other with an intimate disgusting look that it made her want to throw something. Why in the hell were they kissing?
Turning back to her lab, she hurried out of there as soon as possible.
She turned to Howard and glared. He was not allowed to give her advice on anything, and she definitely did not want to talk about her non-relationship with the giant Shrimp. It wasn't any of his business, even if Howard was right. They needed to hash out whatever was going on between them, because if they didn't it, they would have the exact same relationship that they had in the future, and she didn't have the energy for that. "I know."
The End.
"Toni," Barnes called. He had been trying to talk her into staying close to the camp, which was in eyesight. "Slow down."
Toni narrowed her eyes as she looked down at her huge, round belly in complete shock. She was indeed pregnant, and by the looks of it, she was seven or eight months. No wonder she couldn't keep up with Barnes as all she could do was waddle. How the hell did that happen? Who did she have to kill? She glanced back up, glaring at them. "Smartass," she muttered, looking between the two.
Steve sighed. "I wish you would stop calling me that."
Steve softly and slowly traced Toni's forearm. "Yes," he said, gently, as Toni closed her eyes again.
"And who said we did?" Bruce stated as he watched Steve puff angry.
He stopped and turned to her. "What?"
At first, Toni thought she was caught by Hill, as she stepped out, but the agent said nothing. She thought the Almighty Director would stop her, but he did not. Then she thought the deadly red head would've caught her or said
"Everyone thought she was Barnes' girl, but in fact she was yours. She always was. I knew during the poker game when she lit up at the sight of you. It just wasn't the right time."
"What else does he have to do to show you how much he hates you?" He snarled.
Toni thanked him before taking the cash filled envelope. Considering this was the 1940's, it wasn't a large amount, but Toni was okay with anything. Plus, she was glad that he was willing to pay her under the table, because there wasn't any other way. Even if she knew what her SSN, it wouldn't be good in this time. "Thanks," she said as she pocketed the cash in her grey dress.
"Toni," Steve called as he stepped to her. His arms were wide as he reached for her.
She could tell how pissed he was, but his anger just set off her anger. "You act like I owed you anything. A thank you maybe, but nothing else."
"Such a grumpy lady," another man stated. "Didn't get enough sleep, did you?"
Gabe's smile grew larger. "We were looking for you," he stated. "You're a tricky one to find."
"Oh, yes," Peggy replied. Her eyes large. "And Steve, you should see little Toni. She's so adorable with her Captain America doll and Bucky bear. I can eat her up. You will fall in love with her."
Toni and Barnes found the door to the Data Center in a few minutes, which was around the same time that the body was found. The alert was sounded the second the door was closed and locked behind them, but they both knew that wouldn't hold not with those hydra weapons.
"I… your… out," the Commander said, though Toni couldn't make out half of what she said.
Steve's hand travels to Tony's face, cupping his cheek. "I promise too, Tony. I will never choose anyone over you, again. Both you and Bucky are it. I will never choose one over the other. You got it?"
Anyhow, here you go. I hope you like. Remember Reviews are your friends
She took a deep breath before she spoke, "My father wouldn't let me blame myself either, even though he knew his death was coming." The Letter was shaking in her hands.
"Not with the way you're promising. Now get out!" She was done talking to him.
"We get it. You really hate that movie," Clint says, as he suddenly enters the room. "Give it a rest already."
"Understood," Rumlow responded, as he held back his sigh. He didn't like the idea of rushing into their plan, but there was no stopping them now. Everything was falling into place.
Toni closed her eyes and sighed. "Why you say that?" she asked, after a few seconds. "Is it because my mouth is open? I bet it's because my mouth is open. I'm right, isn't I?!"
Toni forced her eyes opened and took a look around, almost jumping at the sight of a man a few feet away.
"That would be no fun."
Toni was on a military base somewhere in the middle of some country, and she had no idea where, not that she really cared. All she wanted was to go home where she wouldn't be feeling this way. She had gone through her whole life without feeling like this, and she hated that she was feeling it now. It was more than just losing a friend. Losing Bucky was something more than just… just like whatever she had felt with Rogers. Each of those kisses were something more than a kiss, and she knew it, but she didn't want to know that.
Tears were running down her face, as she fought against the hands, holding her in a warm embrace. "Please, no," she begged, seeing the shadow's death.
After attempting to remove the paint from her face (failing horribly), she waved good bye before taking off in the Iron Man suit, which cued more flashes. There was no doubt this college visit would hit the media in a matter of seconds.
, and Peggy would be rolling in her bed if she knew—if she was in the mental state to do so. Steve was not a criminal. "What about Iron Man? Are you pronouncing her a criminal as well?" she asked. She felt sickened, as images popped in her head. What could be happening to the famous genius? Her opinion of the famous Toni Stark wasn't always high, but it was starting to change, after seeing her in that broken status. "And where is Miss Stark?"
He gave her a smirk. "Anything from you," he stated. He was an endless flirt, just like her, but there was a way about him that drove her crazy.
Toni pulled back slightly as she lowered her head to take a look at the tree. Her eyes widened a bit before narrowing. In front of her was a bare Christmas tree that stood over eight feet with a pretty wide radius, nearly 5 feet. It was the perfect tree with thick branches, leaving no open spots. "It's real," she said, taking in the strong pine smell.
However, a thought did come to mind that she didn't want to think about.
"Again, look at me," she replied, as sweat poured down her face. Even with the ice cold snow, she felt like she was on fire, and she didn't know if it was because her nerves or what. It could also be the cold, which she was banking on. She was a baby when it came to the cold.
Toni knew he wanted to lecture her, to yell at her, but she was glad he wasn't. She couldn't take it, not now. Not when she was flashing back to the nightmares. She just wanted to stay in his arms and hide from the world. "You know it, Cap." She said, her voice still shaky. She felt so weak.
However, she knew she couldn't tell him for the same reason why she didn't tell Barnes. She really was going to burn in hell, wasn't she? She suddenly felt sick again. Why did it matter if her father died on that ill-fated day in March? Would it change anything, if he didn't?
"I don't even know if Peggy was telling me the truth. It could be a trap," she reasoned. If they wanted to catch her in the act and have a reason to hold her, that would be the way to go. "And how would I even know if he's in New York?" Stark Industries had offices across the country (even the world) and Howard had hidden labs that Toni couldn't begin to locate even with the future knowledge she had. So she could be risking her future to break in for a device that wasn't even there, and she wasn't sure she wanted to do that.
"Traitor," Tony barks as his eye brow raises. Breaking out of Rhodes' grip, he turns in his chair. "Wanda and Vision?" he asks, slowly. Those are the last two that he expects Jim to use as backdate. Really the last two. Is the President busy? Is the Pope—which is probably a good thing because the things he would say- busy?
Tony doesn't know how he's supposed to feel about the coldness in those words or in his body, but he drifts out before he has to think about it.
Toni rested her head against his chest and closed her eyes. She could feel Steve's protectiveness rolling of him, and she couldn't help but smile. Even in her exhaustion and shakes, she could feel his fondness for her, which left her wondering what she did to deserve him.
The Captain nodded and inched closer. Lowering to his knees, he studied the hole, which had no sharp edges; everything had a smooth cut. "What are the chances that she's alive?" he asked, his voice was shakily. He could see the room below.
*O*O*
"Did you forget that I'm one of these pathetic humans?" She could feel the hatred in Loki's voice and that was one of the reasons why she could never even think of sleeping with him. "Why don't you just go?"
"I am sorry, Miss, but Miss Potts demands to speak with you. She will not take no as an answer," JARVIS replied.
Leaning back the best she could, Toni wiggled in her chair. Maybe, she could sing something, because that would surely send them running. Her singing sucked ass so bad that it could shatter glass, though she would defend it if someone else tried to insult it. "I'm on the highway to hell-" she started but she cut herself off after a few seconds. She couldn't sing that song or any song as they didn't exist yet and she couldn't sing a song that didn't exist yet. Closing her eyes and shaking her head, she went through her memory banks. She couldn't think of any song from the 1940's and that annoyed her. How can Toni annoy them if she couldn't sing a song?
"Control your woman, Rogers," Clint ordered.
"So do I get a last meal? A phone call?"
"I wonder if that included him." Pierce countered.
She put on a smile as she sat up. "I get to play cupid for you."
"I think you're all wrong," Falsworth said as he interrupted the three. He had a drink in his hand and a smile on is face. "Don't you agree, Toni?"
Yes, it was stupid to leave the camp and tread through the woods so close to enemy's lines, but she couldn't stay in the camp anymore. She needed space, and she did have a gun, which she had pickpocketed from some guy who had flirted with her. He had thought that she was feeling him up when she lifted it from the idiot. She knew he realized it but he didn't want to admit that a woman got the best of him. That was the only good thing about this time: no one would expect a woman.
Needing to breathe, Tony breaks away, and he's grinning. "I should have let you two kiss me sooner, Geez."
"I am shaking in my boots," Loki laughed as he dropped the journal on the cot. "Well, that was if I was wearing boots."
Being the genius that she was, Toni hardly went anywhere without her phone, so there was no way she left without it. So, where did she go? Should he go looking for her? Where would she have gone? Unless, she went to the Iron Man suit on the roof, which was his best bet. Turning around, he headed back out the door; however, he didn't have to go far. Toni was a few feet from his blond neighbor's door. Sharon—if he remembered the woman's name right- stood in her door framing with a…protective look in her eyes. Where did that come from?
The Howling Commandos kept referring to her as a robot after seeing the Reactor, and they refused and couldn't think of anything else. They just couldn't wrap their minds around it. Toni, for her part, couldn't help but wish she were a robot so she wouldn't be feeling like this. "So what are you up to?" she asked.
"Why didn't anyone inform us?" Romanoff asked.
"You know what I mean!" she stated as she reached for the collar of his shirt. She was going to punch him, which he so deserved. He killed so many in his attack on New York City. "What the hell!" she yelled as her hand went through him.
At the word family, Toni spun and stare. "F-family?" she asked, tripping over the word. Did he just say family? Why in the hell would he call her family?
"Like how to drive in style?" she asked, pressing herself into the back of the seat. "This is not my style. I can't afford to be seen in this. What would people say?"
PLEASE DON'T KILL ME. I had heard you all about Howard, but there was no way that I could keep him alive without changing Toni. I will miss him too. :(
you are assaulting a Military officer," Peggy hissed in her command voice. "You will be arrested."
Clint took a big breath. "Anyhow, Director Asshat sent a message to Thor."
Sharon lowered her gun, though keeping it at her side. "Again, I heard screaming. I thought a little girl was getting murdered."
"I would say it's a good sign that Stark wears the ring around her neck," Rumlow replied, not wasting any time to jump into the conversion, while he took out the closest person next to him. Not wasting a second, he turned, heading toward the next adversary.
Bruce gave Toni a hard look before he glanced down at the reactor. His eyed flashed to the tags before he reached for the reactor. "You know you'll have to explain what happened, right? I'm sure Fury won't let you off easy."
Even if her tiredness was getting worse, he had sparked her curiosity to a high. "Which is?"
Toni didn't know if she ever wanted to go back to the Tower with one of the reasons being Steve. She didn't think that she could face him, after everything that she had said. She was beyond cruel to that man, who had been nothing but kind to her. She cut him down at the knees, knowing exactly what to say. She didn't mean any of it; in fact, it was the opposite, even if she refused to admit it to anyone. She knew why she did it, as she would be saving Steve the heartache. Even if she was able to get over her own guilt, she wasn't relationship material at all, even if her father thought she was. With that regard, he was wrong. Dead wrong.
…No, that wasn't wrong. He was sure one thing: he was a weapon, a tool. He was a killing machine. Nothing less, nothing more.
Shaking her head, she stepped away. "You're fooling yourself," she told herself, as she crossed to the window and stared out at the busy city street. They had been on the move nonstop for several weeks, and Toni had lost count to how many cities and camps she had been.
Rhodes closed his eyes before reaching for Toni, resting a hand on her shoulder. He squeezed her shoulders softly as he glanced toward Pepper. "Let's drop this. We don't want to say something we will regret."
She wasn't sure why her father had dressed her in huge fluffy dresses in her early years, but he dressed her up more than her mother did. She wasn't sure if it was because he knew his time with her was limited or if he wanted to make up for the fact that future Toni hated dresses and he wanted to fit them in. She had a book full of photos of her in many different dresses, though she hid those books well. Though she thought warmly of those times, she would surely die if Clint or anyone else found them. She had a reputation to keep up, and wearing fluffy dresses did not help it.
"Steve," Clint said, getting to his feet. "Don't be too hard on yourself."
"And your wrist?" Clint asked, his tone calm for a moment.
"Then what is it?"
"But you still need to rest," she says as she crosses to him. There's something in her hand, but he's unable to make it out before she stabs him. And before he can even react, he can feel whatever Cho stabbed him with take effect, and everything starts to fade. He can barely make out her form as she crosses to the door. She stands in darkness, pausing there for a second, before she opens it and stops out. Shadows forms in his eyes, stealing most of his vision, as the three forms jump. He feels himself drift into complete darkness as he hears one of the shadow curse and yell.
Toni's face went red, looking anywhere but Steve's face. God, she could remember carrying those two toys everywhere, telling anyone who would listen that she loved her Cap and Bucky Bear to the moon and back. Thinking back, she wondered if her father got a secret kick out of it. He must have, knowing what he knew. Seriously, what went through her father's head? She could probably guess what would go through everyone's else head.
"No, Tony. I will never hurt you on purpose, but…these terrors turn me into something I h-hate." Bucky has tears running down his face. "I t-thought I was going to hurt you in your sleep, and I couldn't- Can't have that. Can't! You mean so fucken much to me. So fucken much. You're everything to me!" He's sobbing now, as he struggles to keep going.
He looked up at her and weakly smiled. "I don't know. It would be pointless." He looked so defeated. "I think I might give up."
Toni blinked a few times because she was never aware that he was color blinded. "Rogers."
With the wires and IVs connected to her, Toni bolted straight up covered in a cold sweat. Not paying attention to anything round her, she hunched forward and fisted the sheets like she was in physical pain. "It was just a dream," she whispered, breathing heavily. Her throat was killing her. "Just a dream." She had no idea why that dream hit her harder than her nightmares did. In her nightmares, she was fighting for her life, while in that dream she just had to pick. She wasn't sure why she had to. It wasn't as if she wanted either Steve or Bucky, because she didn't…
Steve's nickname for Barnes snapped him out of his fog; he had completely about Toni. How could he forgot about her? It should've been impossible with that loud snarky mouth of hers. "Toni," he stated. He wasn't sure how Steve would react to this, but he had to know. "She's here. Schmidt has her."
"Won't work," Toni replied, still fighting. "They know where you're base is, and they're going to destroy it."
Hello,
And he blamed himself. If he wasn't gone for long period of times, and if he wasn't so stupid, Toni would be ali—No. Toni
Steve stood a few feet from her, not moving, as he stared at her. His eyes were drilling into her, and it was unnerving to no end. To make things worse, he wasn't speaking.
Steve narrowed his eyes. "Believe Barton? With what?" he asked, annoyed.
Natasha put on her glass down and stepped to them as well. "Does this mean you aren't going to Malibu?"
With a deep breath, Toni leaned her head back and closed her eyes as everything came rushing back to her and it was all too much. She listened to the sound of the aircraft as it flew through the sky to calm her.
"Yea, right. All bark. No bite. I know you, Stark." He gave her wink.
After telling him she was keeping the ring, she told him the truth. She told him her inter-struggle. She told him she couldn't say yes, but she refused to say no. She didn't want to say no. Just like that, Steve's look softened and he smiled weakly. Without saying a word, she knew he understood, and Toni hated herself even more. She wanted to give him an answer. She wanted to be the person he deserved.
Bruce reached to one of the touch screens monitors and started a few calculations. He needed to how much power this device needed to run.
In the thin, yellow envelope were two items, and each was different in age and size, but both had fold marks running down their centers, signaling how often they were looked at. Besides the folds, each had a great deal of wear and tear, signaling to the number of times they had been stuffed into a pocket. One of the items, a picture, was faded at the edges and along the fold. There were also stress cracks through the picture, but none of the cracks took away from it. Each of the three smiles were very much visible, and it was clear how happy the three were. The family photo of three was of a young girl and her parents, at her fifth birthday. Cake was everywhere as it seemed like the girl started a cake fight, but no one in the picture looked angry or upset at the mess.
Tony finches slightly at hearing the voice at the door. With a deep breath, he turns to the door and eyes James Freaking Barnes, leaning against the door frame. His jaw locks in place as he looks over the former assassin. If anyone says Barnes isn't one of the hottest people on the planet, he or she is fooling themselves. In his dark jeans and navy suit jacket (over a skin tight shirt), Tony isn't afraid—though not aloud. Never aloud—to say it… Just to himself. "Geez, Barnes, you look like shit. Just saying."
Dum Dum Dugan turned him, completely shocked. "Rogers?" he asked, trying to push himself up. It looked like he was seeing a ghost as the color drained from his face. "I'll be damned."
Toni narrowed her eyes as she crossed her arms against her chest. Her fingers were tapping in annoyance. "I don't know if I would consider you a man."
Before Toni knew what happened, she felt his presence behind her. She felt his breath on her neck again and it sent chills up her spin.
Toni couldn't see anything besides the dripping water that was haunting her, mocking her. It sent her back to the time in the torture room. It brought her back to that fear and pain. It brought that feeling of dread, and she couldn't shake it.
"Give him a chance."
If she didn't regret the whole thing, she would've been bragging about how she invented Time Travel. "Look at this face," She said, reaching up to cup/grab Steve's face. Before he knew what she was doing, she pushed the corner of his lips up into a forced smile.
Rogers stood up and took a few steps toward her. "I wanted to explain, but I couldn't find the right words." He took a deep breath. "I….It isn't about you saving me. I just don't want to be saved. I want to be strong enough to save myself." He paused. "I hate being useless, which is what I am." He closed his eyes for a second before looking up. "I want to say sorry; it wasn't meant to be an insult. Please understand."
Howard turned toward them. "That chest piece works like an electromagnet though I cannot tell what's powering it. It's nothing like I had seen before. I won't know what that is unless I take it a part but I doubt she will let me do that as it is keeping her alive." He leaned against the table with his arms folded against his chest. "As for the other device, I don't have a clue. It keeps, for lack of a better word, eating all the power I supply it and spitting it back out, violently."
"Oh, I can," Pepper said, pulling the Genius from Rhodes' arms and back into her arms.
"I want to explain why I did it."
"No, there isn't," she said, turning away from him.
She took the back off the phone and pulled the battery out. Using the flat head, she pried the black hard covering off the phone to reveal the motherboard. She studied it, trying to see how badly damaged it was. To her luck, she could fix it. She also knew she could convert the camera into a scanner, and depending on her father's system, she might be able to hack his system using a radio frequency; however, she doubted his system worked on some kind of frequencies in this time. If she had some kind of hook up on this scanner, that might work.
Steve's expression changed slightly as he let out a sigh. "You know I love you, right?"
Dugan put a hand up to stop him. "My mind slips and at times, I don't remember what I had for dinner, but I…" He drifted off leaving Steve to wonder if he had fallen asleep. He watched him in silence until Dugan spoke again, "Have you heard of Toni Stark?"
A light bulb turned on in her head. It was so simple…why did it take her this long? "I want to wake up to him every morning. I want to eat breakfast with him every day. I want…" She drifted off, feeling a bit overwhelmed. Why did something that feel so simple feel so strong?
"Go away," she begged, trying to push him off. The weakness in her voice surprised her.
Unable to stop herself, Toni let out a loud chuckle, even though her throat was sore and dry. It hurt to laugh, but she didn't care. "Oh, you're worried now?" she asked, not even bothering to correct them about the nonexistence baby. Let them be idiots. "Why don't you go plant some daisies or something?"
When Steve looked up at her, he wasn't sure if there was really a blush on her face or if he was imagining it; however, he could feel her heart beat rapidly against his hand. "I know." He replied. He knew she didn't mean it, any of it, and he refused to be angry at anything that she said. He knew how horrible nightmares could be and how moody they could make anyone.
Toni closed her eyes as she took a few steps away from them. "Barnes," she uttered as she hid her face in her hands. She didn't want to them to see her like this.
"About time you got home," a man interrupted as he entered the main room from what appeared to be a bedroom. He gave Rogers a smile before turning to eye her.
"No, Boss. Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes had retired to their shared quarters shortly before the movie started. The Sergeant was extremely distraught and distressed about something."
"Nope," Tony says, leaning against the counter.
With exhaustion running through her body, Toni fell back on the bed with a log thump. There was no doubt that she took it too far, acted like a spoiled child—something that she was not proud of. She may not like Carter, but she didn't deserve a craze Stark going ape shit on her when she was doing her
"You can't give me orders." She glared. Barnes gave her another look as he hesitatingly helped her to her feet. "Maybe, you shouldn't get up," he said as he watched her curse in pain.
"You want to teach me?" she asked, with an eyebrow raised. "I can protect myself. I don't need you to show me." She would keep saying it until he believed her.
"Toni," Steve called out softly, as he laid a kiss to the top of her head.
Howard crossed to her, and ever so slowly, kneed in front of her. With a smile, he placed a gentle hand on her knee, like any father would to comfort a child. "Oh, but we aren't. We couldn't leave you. We love you." There was something just behind his eyes that stuck the genius. "We need you like you need us."
Clint shrugs as he moves toward Wanda, Natasha, and Vision. "Sorry, couldn't get the little one down. He wanted to be up, and I had to chase him throughout the house." There's a smile on this face that tells everyone he doesn't really mind it. "So what are the choices?"
Everything was always changing, and he needed Toni, needed her to be his anchor. Okay, he might be putting too much on the genius, but without Bucky, she was the only person in the world who would call him out on his shit. Sure, she was crazy and insane at times, never shutting up, but she slowed the world down for him. She had experienced things with him that no one else could or ever would, and that meant the world to him. It might that she understood him. So when he learned that she had made it, he felt alive.
He took a step back from the camera, as he stared at the key pad on the door. "I want to talk. Let me in."
FRIDAY doesn't waste a second in replying. "It will be my pleasure, Colonel." Tony can't help but snort at this.
Again, the kid didn't stop. "Are you…are you going completely mental?" He replied, following after the genius as she stumbled forward. His eyes grew large as Toni grabbed at her chest. "I can stop. Do you want me to stop? Do you want me to stop?" He was talking loud and fast, as he was filled with some unknown energy.
Bruce let out a sigh. "Easy, Clint," he said. "But he has a point. Toni is an adult, and you can't make choices for her." He gave her a slight smile as he took a deep breath. "However, I get it. I know this isn't easy for you, but we can't just make decision for her."
*O*O*
"Why must there be something wrong with me? Why can't I just do the right thing?"
Toni chuckled before letting out a sigh. "You're feeding my ego, you know."
"Miss, please, may I request just a few hours to calibrate…"
Clint let out a loud sigh as he needed a knife to cut the tension in the room. "Then get her to bed. Nat and I have a date with a pirate," he said, breaking the silence, as his eyes shifted between the two. Natasha didn't say another word as she turned and left. There was a stiffness in her shoulder as she walked up the steps, and that didn't sit well with anyone. "…She's just worried about our genius," the Archer added. "As are the rest of us."
"Tones, come here," Rhodey calls, pulling on Tony's sleeve and tugging him along. "Sit with me and Natasha."
"Do you see my face?" she asked, her eye twitching, as she lid off the communication head piece and handed it to Steve. "It's too late, and I am too tired to deal with this shit."
"I know, I know." Bruce stated as he waved him off. He knew he needed to rest, and it would only hurt Toni in the end. She needed him at his best and this was not his best. Closing his eyes, he knew he was tired and his mental functions weren't slipping. "I'll go rest."
. This was going to turn out into a nightmare, considering how many things SHIELD had their hands in. She was going to need JARVIS's help to see how far this goes. If this didn't have the potential to be so deadly, she would be laughing. She was officially done with all this bullshit.
Howard smiled his cheesy smile at her before turning back to the Colonel. "Though I would've recognized a spicy brunette like Toni." His smile had turned creepy a little. "Or at least a dame with a glowing chest."
The Private's smiled dropped and it was replaced with a glare. "Why you?"
"What the hell is going on?" A guard asked, drawing Toni's focus. He was down the hall. She knew Loki and she had been talking loudly; it must've attracted some unwanted attention.
Again, his innocent and sweetness was shocking to her. "No, they didn't," Toni answered as he wrapped his coat around her shoulders. She didn't know if it was just her or if the coat, but she was really warm now. "You're going to be cold now."
Harley had the biggest, round eyes as he looked up at her. "Because it's lame, and you aren't a man." There was the slightest color of red on his cheeks as he said it. "You need a better name."
"Movie night. Let's go."
That sentence irritated Toni. After that promise she had made, she couldn't leave him unless to go home as he was broken like her. Even without the promise, she didn't want to leave him. If he was anything like her, he was broken over the loss of Bucky.
"Do I have a nickname?" he asked as he followed her out of the room.
Finally resting for a second- her legs giving out on her-, she rested against a nearby tree and reached into her pocket for her phone. It felt heavy in her hand, while she tried to find a signal, as it was her last line difference. Her life line. No matter how tall she tried to make herself, she got nothing. No matter how much she waved it in the air, it still angry beeped at her, every time she tried. It was mocking her. Though her mind was in a fog—lost in her own head-, she was able to piece together that someone had a cell phone jammer, which was just a kick to the stomach. She could barely breath, thinking—realizing how alone she was.
Natasha turned to her fellow SHIELD agent and met his glaze. "I'm not saying she isn't worth it," she explained. "I'm just saying this isn't something you hug out, Rogers. This is going to take work.
Toni laughed loudly. "Don't these people have anything else to worry about?!" she whined, pouty.
she yelled at herself.
She let out a chuckle, remembering all of the countless posters that she seen of Steve in that stupid outfit. She thought his outfit in the future was bad, but this get-up was completely hilarious. She couldn't believe that he went along with the Senator's idea, but she guessed she knew why. He wanted to be doing something, and he was doing something, even if it was comical.
"Can he fix it?" the Colonel asked.
…But she had been selfish enough times in her life, and she couldn't be now…
Having faced countless life and death events, her life no longer flashed before her eyes. And all honesty, she was sick of her life flashing before her eyes, especially when she regretted most of the shit that flashed before her. She regretted a lot of her choices. She could throw a rod into the pond of her life and hook guilt. Her life was filled with guilt, and she didn't need flashbacks to remind her of that, so yes, she was glad that her life didn't flash before her anymore. Plus, her life was highly overrated. Just a millionaire with money to burn. She couldn't let Barton hear that or else he would mock her endlessly. She was not in the mood for his endless jokes.
Hello all!
she thought as she watched him.
Why couldn't he understand that she didn't want to talk? She was tired of talking? She tired of feeling things…
She knew he was correct but she wasn't going to let him be right. "I can handle it," she stated. With a deep breath, she said, "in the future, there are women in the military and they are serving in the field."
He inched his face closer to hers. He could kiss her if he wanted to. "It's such a shame a pretty lady like yourself has to be caught up in this." There was a pause. "However, you need to work on being respectful. I guess my master would show you that."
Barnes crouched down in front of her, which she wasn't expecting. He hadn't talked to her since
His put his hands in his pocket. "You look like you need a friend."
"They would be stupid if they did, though I wouldn't put it pass Hydra solders," she muttered as she looked away with her arms folded across her chest. Why was she here? Maybe, she should work on her damn device, though it would be useless without a Hydra core, which her father won't let her near it.
Toni jumped and glanced toward Phillips who had been calling her name. "Talking to me?" she asked, as she glanced toward Peggy, who was staring at her.
I kicked up the speed in this chapter. I am trying to get this story moving. Please let me know what you think.
"Did anyone else miss me?" Toni asked, ignoring her beating heart. Her chest felt constricted, and her reactor felt heavier than usual. "Wait, what am I saying? Of course, they missed me."
What was with everyone telling her that she should be resting? She was perfectly fine; the pain wasn't too bad. "You all worry too much. That so wasn't the first that I'd been tortured," Toni revealed, raising up her glass and taking a slip.
Her eye twitched. "…So you're hurting me now." She wiggled in his arms.
"I see your case is off."
Her heart started to race as he referred to her by her first name. Not only did that frustrate her, it made her slight of breath, because she had tried so hard to get him to refer to her by her last name in their last conversation. When he did, she knew she had gotten to him, exceeded in pushing him away, but yet, he was here, and she was confused. "I drive everyone crazy, Rogers," she replied. Steve gave her a look, and it send shivers down her spine. "So why are you here?"
"Toni?"
"I wanted to see you."
Steve narrowed his eyes. "Then how come you're running?"
Toni stared down at Steve's hand as his ruff fingers danced along her forearm. He was warm to the touch, hot almost, but he still sent chills down her spine. No matter how long it has been, it happened every time, taking her breath away. Stole more like it. How could he do this every time? Touch her like it was the first time? "Well, you know how much I love talking."
"JARVIS said they are on their way back and Barton isn't happy about something."
She turned back to him. "I'm fine," she smiled. Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes as she tried to remember where she saw that man from.
Howard raised an eyebrow. "That doesn't mean you'll get away from me. I'll probably hug you or something once you returned."
Zola looked up. "As you can see, production and the work here is progressing on schedule even with components of this size." He shuttered it out.
I am sorry for the random Bold-ed words as this doc thing was randomly bolding things. No idea as to why.
"Only for people I like." Toni jumped and turned to Steve, who was giving her a long look. "Whatcha doing, Cap?" she asked, forgetting about the poker game. She felt herself light up at the sight of him, and she had no idea why. He probably was going to lecture her about something. He did look upset.
"And you lied, right?"
Wanda tilts her head to left as she studies him. "No, I do not wish you were dead."
She studied the man next to him, and though this was all guess work, Toni could tell he had some kind of training. He looked like he could take on half of her highly paid, private security at the same time. He wasn't as big as half of her team, but he was built. She could see his well-defined biceps a mile away, and she had no doubt he had the abs to match as well. His dark skin flattered the tones of his muscles, and there was no denying he was an attractive man.
He tried to focus on the hope in her eyes, instead of the hatred that was all around him. However, her eyes, her face, and her name were become nothing more than a hazy to him. With each passing second, the pain was growing and the woman was disappearing. She was becoming nothing more than a shadow that was blending into the surrounding area. Soon, he could remember nothing, and the Asset wasn't sure why he had started to scream. Was it because of his disappearing memories? Or was it the pain? He wasn't sure, though he wasn't sure of anything.
I was a Farmhand. There're parts of animals that you should never see or put your hands in." She let out a playful shudder. "Just to name a few."
After finding a trashcan, he started to pick up the glass, careful not to cut himself. "I know. That's why I went down to the lab."
"Are you saying that I'm not?" she asked, smirking. Shaking her head, Peggy didn't respond and turned away. "O', you are no fun," Toni joked as she followed after her. Thanks to the stupid heels and being out of shape due to the long prison stay, she was having a hard time keeping up.
She looked at him. "I don't care! Maybe, it would be best if they did," she yelled, pushing him away. She didn't care about anything, she didn't care about her stalker, and she didn't care if she was danger. She just needed to get away. "Let me go."
"Would you now?" she asked.
Steve wanted to protest that until his mute, but he knew Toni wouldn't be too pleased if she heard. She wasn't one who liked to be protected. "Maybe, we should find out why first."
"The Pathetic Toni. Here she is. Somewhere where she isn't wanted."
*O*O*
"He wouldn't tell you anything" He looked her over. "And there's no way that Erskine would choose the asthmatic Rogers."
Not climbing out of her blanket cocoon, Toni peeked her head over the top and looked at Sharon. It was weird. Toni could admit that. It was said many times- much to Howard and Peggy's displeasure- that they weren't friends. They could barely be in the same room together, but here they were. The night before they watched Star trek together, and now, Sharon was making her food, after providing her comfort and a place to sleep when the world was coming down upon her. It was odd. Why would the blond come to her rescue? Did she want something?
He leaned on Toni slightly to her annoyance and put his arm around her. "And I didn't even have to pay you?"
She didn't get to sob and moan for long as Aldrich suddenly popped out of the intense fire like a phoenix. Besides for his burning, smoking clothes, he looked prefect—his skin smoothed-, as he walked toward her with a hungry look in his eyes. It was like he had walked off a photo shoot with that stupid fake blond hair. It danced in the air from the breeze. The only thing that broke that illusion was his clothes, which were falling off him. Though almost naked, it didn't stop or distract the man… Maybe it was because there wasn't a fucken scratch on him. Maybe, he was proud of his body. It was prefect. There was a remark on the tip of tongue for what she thought of him, but the look in his eye stopped her.
"Then why did you state 'she will be doing it after we leave?'" Steve asked, studying Banner's face.
With the room spinning, it felt like Toni's heart was being cruelly ripped from her chest as she looked upon this man, who couldn't be standing in front of her. This
"Ever heard of Eminent domain?" he asked.
she thought sadly. She could tell them where he was, but she wouldn't. Instead, she was going to allow everyone to suffer just like she always did. It seemed like she would never change. Still Heartless.
Was it strange that he was already so attached to this woman? Maybe, but he didn't care…though maybe he should be. Like with most people, this level of attachment should scare the shit out of him, but it didn't— He couldn't remember a time that he didn't love Toni, a time that she wasn't important to him. In fact, he had used this feeling to drive him. It gave him something to come home to; it gave him something to fight for, when he felt alone. He had something—someone to come home too, when everything went to hell. He needed that like he needed air, which was why it hurt like hell to see Toni like this, and it made it all the worst, when he had no idea of how to help her. He had no idea of how to get her sleep, besides forcing her, and that felt wrong. The idea of sedating her felt like a betrayal, and that feeling made his blood boil. It made his skin crawl. But he was at a loss of what to do, and he hated that. It f-
Steve took a step back, pulling the hood back over his head. "Well, I think I know what the ghost wants."
"…What?"
Toni laughed as she leaned into Steve. "That's face suits Barton well," she said.
Chapter 28:
Howard stood up and crossed to the table. "That's if you can handle being in a room with me."
When he pulled away, he smiled, "If it makes you feel better, you do the same to me."
, he thought, wondering what he would think of the situation. What would that man do if he was here now? Not the young 1940's version of Howard, but the older adult version of Howard. What would the older father version of Howard be like? He couldn't imagine the harsh version of Howard that Toni portrayed, as he could only see Howard as the caring man that he knew. Sure, he had an ego on him, but Steve had to believe that Howard would be here for his daughter when she needed it. And if he wasn't, Steve would make him.
He knew this was probably why Rumlow was angry. He couldn't be an effective weapon for Hydra when he was like this, and he understood why. He couldn't have weakness. He understood that his punishment would be harsh for following her, but he couldn't help it, and he would not regret his actions. He got to see her face, to see her emotions for the first time. He got to see something other than hatred when he looked into her eyes, and it was addicting.
Steve felt like he had lost a battle as he told Pepper what happened, and that softness in her voice made it worst. It felt like pity, which was something that Steve didn't want. However, he could've been imagined it. Pepper was the first real person he talked to about it, giving her more detail than anyone. Sure, Natasha and Clint knew, but he gave them the basic, an outline really. His voice didn't almost give out like it had with Pepper. He was sure she read him like a book. It was no wonder why Toni had held on to their friendship so tightly. Pepper was something else.
"You don't get to play that card when you almost killed someone for no reason," Toni snapped. "What were you thinking?" She knew he wasn't. Or maybe he did, but why did he think he needed to protect her?
"You a gentlemen?" Acting quickly, she slapped his arm away, and before he could react, she did a rounding kick, hitting him hard in his chest. "Didn't your mother tell you to keep your hands to yourself? And whoever told you that boys will be boys was lying to you."
"NO!" she denied. Wait, is he looking at my chest? She though, annoyed. "Hey, buddy, my eyes are up here," she said, trying to point at her face. Sure, she didn't mind when men looked at her chest, but that was only when she allowed it. She didn't care for it here.
*O*O*
"Whatever you are going to do don't," he said, strongly.
*O*O*
"Mr. Stark has it," he stated as he put her phone back into the bag. "I'm sure you know who that is." He put the photo in her lap.
If he had gone through all of this trouble with the stalker and the time travel (She had no doubt he was behind that somehow), what he wanted had to be something big. It had to be something that she wouldn't give up period if she knew. That had to be a reason. "Not my company," she said. "I won't give you that."
The AI doesn't answer right away, taking a few seconds. "My recommendation is that you rest, Boss," she replies. "Studies has shown that eight hours of sleep can be-"
With a deep breath, Toni followed Steve into the lounge, fighting the urge to reach out and grab his hand. It was difficult to focus on anything but his hand, his strong hand. She wanted to place her hand into his and hold on tight. She wanted to feel his strength as he held her. He was her rock, keeping her calm, and even with her overwhelming guilt, he was keeping her sane.
Rhodes glances up, glaring at the ceiling. "Good for you, but you can do that to everyone but me! I'm the best friend!" he says, strengthening himself out. "Geez, did not sign up to fight Skynet."
she thought. She didn't voice that part, not wanting to alert everyone to the last time she slept. She also didn't want them to know that she had to be sedated either.
She felt her face twitch as Barnes stared deep into her eyes. "Stay down," she ordered as he started to stand.
"Are you okay, Stark?" Natasha asks, her eyes narrowing. "You're sweating."
"Maybe, your dream self isn't an asshole."
*O*O*
It felt like someone had snapped him, and he felt his anger rushed back. "You don't mean that."
"And none of you know how to cook?" Tony asks, looking at the frozen chicken that Wilson had pulled out. "And you people think I'm spoiled."
She tried not to laugh when he smell checked himself. "I don't smell too bad." He leaned closer. "Now what does it do?"
Steve sighs, but there's a huge smile on his face. "Don't worry, Jim. We have no interest in hurting him."
Anyhow, tell me what you think. And thank you to Wintersupersoldiers beta this for me. :)
Toni smiled lightly, enjoying her time with the commando, as they could always make her smile. Her only wished was that she couldn't feel. "You two have such a nice relationship," she said, mockingly.
He looks familiar, Toni thought as she took in the Colonel, which she could tell by his uniform. He was an older man, who was balding. "Ello, Colonel," she smiled, trying to figure out where she knew him from. The meds were making it harder for her to remember.
When the genius stopped running, the Captain found her at a base of the big, leafy tree on the edge of the mostly empty Cemetery. The parking lot, a few feet over, was separated from the green fields by a huge metal gate with one opening; her white Audi was parked near the opening, making for an easy escape for her. It was the only vehicle in the lot accept for two cemetery vehicles, a black SUV, and a lone motorcycle, which looked oddly familiar. Next to Toni stood her Iron Man suit, which landed with a light thud when it dropped from the sky, and it stood close only a yard way, acting like a body guard.
"Can I speak to you?" he asked.
"What the hell are you doing?" Toni snapped as she kneed down to the Private, who was trying to push himself up. "Are you okay?" she asked as she tried to help him. Covered in blood and dirt, he looked like he had gone through the ringer. Though she couldn't stand the man, she didn't want him dead. That was reserved for a very special person.
When Steve first met Rhodes, he had wondered if there was something between Rhodes and Toni for the longest time. He realized after a few conversions that they were just very closer and Rhodes was like a brother to her.
Rhodes let out a sigh. "She was mad when I borrowed the Mark 2. I hate see it when she finds out I took out the Mark 7."
Toni chuckled into his chest. "You have been dying to say that, haven't you?" she asked.
Her mind screamed. She wouldn't be able to deal with that.
There it was again. Was that her name? She thought it was, but now, she wasn't sure. Why would that be her name? It wasn't a very girly name nor was it pretty…Wait, was she a girl? She could've been a boy, though Toni was not a very good boy's name either. Seriously, who named her? Why would they name her that? It was an ugly name. Could she-
Toni gave him a good look, narrowing her eyes at him. "You have been thinking about this for a while?"
"He wasn't like that."
"I'm a star! The talk of the camp it seems." Toni puffed. "So everyone thinks that Steve and I are fonduing?" She laughed. "I told Steve everyone would think that. He didn't believe me."
Steve glanced down at himself; Pepper was correct. He was a mess inside and out, and he needed to rest. "When do you head out?"
Steve, with a look that could melt a state, glanced around, eyeing each inch of the area, looking for anything out of place. It was like he didn't believe it and expecting the assassin to attack. When he found nothing, he turned his full attention to Toni. His eyes softened as he looked upon her. A smile under the surface. "Toni," he called, as he closed the distance between them. "Are you okay?"
Dugan smiled, still shocked. "Is it really you? You look so young."
She almost jumped, not noticing him there. She didn't even hear him, which annoyed her. "When are you leaving?" she asked, ignoring his insult. "Does Rogers know you are leaving?"
Steve flashed back that café where he always found himself at in New York. It was where he sat and stretched Toni; however, they did not need to know that. "The Stark Tower? That big ugly..." He paused for a second as he eyed Toni glaring at him again. "…building in New York?" He knew was digging himself a hole with Toni.
He glanced up from his desk and stared at her for a few seconds before he answered. "Sark," he said, still using that fake last name of hers while officers walked in and out to talk to Phillips. "What are you doing here?" he asked, eyeing her.
"Yes, Ma-Pepper," he corrected, receiving a glare from Pepper.
Steve closed his eyes as he could feel the blush forming in his cheeks. He wasn't stupid, knowing exactly what Fury was referring to. Natasha had even said that picture of them kissing would be on the 6 O'clock news, granted he thought she was joking. Why would anyone want to see a picture of him and Toni kissing? Why would anyone care?
"Really," she said, her hands dropping to his chest. She was amazed at how easily he could change her mood with that stupid grin of his. It was magic or something.
Hearing her froze him, making him forget where he was and what the mission was. Hearing her voice made him want to drop everything and hold her tight. It made him lose all focus. Shaking his head, he turned back to Loki, who was smirking at Toni. Steve tried to tell himself that there was nothing behind that look of Loki's, but there was something more to it… heat. He wanted to yell at Loki, telling him not look at Toni that way, but he held his tongue.
"You're all no fun," Toni pouted out, as she shuffled over to allow Steve to sit next to her.
The Genus felt safe in this man's arms, who she knew belonged to her soldier. "S-Steve," she called out, surprised at his presence. When did he get here? Why didn't JARVIS alert her when he was a minute out? Or maybe, he did and she didn't realize it?
Pepper thought to herself. "No one was informed," Pepper replied.
Toni's eye was twitching. She had enough of him pushing her to Rogers, who she didn't want to see. She just wanted her whiskey, which she would have soon. "Why don't you go bug him now?"
"Toni, you need to rest."
Natasha stepped forward, stepping between the two men. "That's enough," she stated through her teeth. She glanced toward the first responders and the line of reports a few yards off. They may have been kept back for now, but it wouldn't last for long. "Now is not the time."
So that would be why it took me so long. Also, has it really been 4 months????
Natasha stepped forward as she morphed back into Agent Romanoff, Master Assassin. "Rogers," She said. "She's correct. We need to figure out if this is connected."
," she said.
Wait, the letter said two photos…
"You know you can't keep everything in, right? You have to let it out or you're going to explode." He didn't answer her question.
"Toni," Steve huffed out, knowing where this was going if she kept it up. He had finally got rid of his little issue, and right now, he wanted to get her to sleep. He wanted her to feel safe and loved. He didn't want her scared to sleep. He didn't want her scared to be honest with him.
She gives him a look. "Don't play stupid, Stark. It doesn't suit you," she says, gravely.
Freeing one of his arms, he placed a finger under her chin and tilted her face up so he could look into her eyes. "You are so much more. So much more."
"I don't know if a nickname from Toni is always a good thing," Peggy said, as she stepped to her them. Being in heels, she stepped awkwardly on the balls of her feet.
I would like to mention that Marvel is blowing me mind. I also think that Marvel's plan is to take all of the actors and don't leave DC with any to choose from.
a teenager girl. Wouldn't like you any other way," he says with a smile. "A woman doesn't have what I want. I like you for your manly body."
She took a painful breath as she continued to crawl. Originally, she never thought she would be able to get away from Schmidt, but she supposed it was Rogers, who made it possible. He had distracted Skully long enough for her to get away, but she wasn't safe yet. She either had to get out of this roasting building or she needed to find Rogers or Barnes, who made her heart skip at the sight of. Though she knew he going to die, she didn't know when he going to die; this could've been the day that he did, and that hit her hard. Man, since when did she become such a girl?
Shaking his head, he stepped out of the bathroom and crossed to the dresser to find some clothes. Not caring if anything matched, he selected a random gray t-shirt with some logo on it and a pair of black sweatpants. The shirt was slightly too small and the logo was stretched across his chest, while the sweatpants were loose, hanging at his waist. Most of the clothes in this rooms weren't his as it was Toni who had stocked the room with everything that she thought he would need if he were ever to stay. He had expected the clothes to be the wrong size since Toni didn't know his size, but it was never an issue before as he never expected to wear them. He never expected to be here this long.
"I don't trust him."
Steve laughed. "Someone like her isn't capable of murder. When is the last time you heard of a dame killing someone? They don't have a mean bone in their body." He turned his attention to a photo of his mother on his nightstand.
Author's note:
"But you don't call me by it," he whined.
He wasn't wrong. Toni may flirt, but she wasn't a cheat, and he would never need to worry about that. "I see it now, Rogers," she smiled. "You would probably just watch."
"Agent Romanoff is correct," JARVIS replied, almost a second later. "By retrieving Miss Stark yourself, the time to-"
"But you didn't fall for it." He stood and crossed to the tablet on the counter. He looked quickly through his emails to see if there was any progress on Natasha's and Clint's search for the stolen SHIELD technology. There was no news so he turned back to Steve, who was staring at the magazine as if it was the only thing in the room. "Natasha picked never. She doesn't think you would ever tell Toni."
why Peggy was hurting. She knew where Rogers was. She knew he was still live-frozen but alive-, and she did nothing. All she did was whine and drown in own guilt.
Dugan, sitting on the end of the bed, eyed her as she attempted to get up. "You need to rest, Stark." He said.
"A minute," Toni begged as she stepped toward Steve. "Just one thing, Cap." She took a deep breath. "If I want to talk, you'll be the first. Don't you forget that," she stated. She didn't like that he was the person she would turn to, but he was and there was no denying that, though she totally would if someone asked.
Steve replies.
Reaching into her pocket, Toni pulled out her phone, which was luckily waterproof. Even with a slick, wet phone, it only took a second for Toni to dial the tower. "J-JARVIS," the genius stuttered into the phone.
Steve fought the anger that was rushing though him, as he couldn't believe she was doing this. No, wait. He could believe it, as this was her pattern. She ran whenever her emotions came into play, and her insults were used to hide what she was feeling. At first, he didn't notice, but as he spent more time with her, he saw it. "Toni, just stop. Stop."
Toni let out a sigh of relief as she and Rhodes made it to the speed boat. It felt like a weight had been lifted off her chest in some sense, and it wasn't due to her newfound freedom, but rather, it was due to having Rhodes at her side. Like Steve, Rhodes was a rock for her. He had always been there for her, and he always would. He was the type of friend that she could count on to be there for her when things got rough, and since his best friend was Toni Stark, every day was rocky. However, a level of comfort grew between them that nothing could tear down, and it could withstand anything, including the mess they were in now.
When they got back to the diner, Barnes didn't say anything to Toni besides asking if she fell in. He didn't say anything about her disappearance during the whole meal, but she knew he was curious. He had been eyeing her the whole time, and it made Toni slightly uncomfortable, but she didn't say anything. She didn't want to talk about it in front of Rogers, and it was clear that Barnes didn't want to either.
The End for now. I hope to get the out chapter out sooner.
to explain anything to me. We
She pushed herself up and onto the couch. "Did you think it was because I don't want to talk to you?" she snapped. "I'm sorry that I don't tell strangers my deep dark secrets." She regretted her tone and words the second she heard them.
Toni shook her head. "Why do you get into fights you can't win?" she asked. The future Rogers popped into her mind. It had appeared that nothing had changed, well beside the fact that he could win fights in the future. She felt him sigh in annoyance. She knew he must've been asked this question a lot and that he had been in a few fights with Bucky over it. He tried to pull away from her, but Toni wouldn't let him. She dropped the bag and held him. They both knew he wasn't going to fight her. "You had asked me to talk. Why can't I ask you to talk?" she asked.
