Dean sidles forward, keeping his gaze focused on Castiel’s expression and he pulls the Angel in by his tie, pressing their lips together as Cas’ firm grip settles over his hips.
“Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do!” Balthazar calls as Cas pulls the door closed behind him.
“This is a lot for anyone to take in. You saw how Chuck and Anna were with you, and my relationships with them pales in comparison to the family you grew up with.” Cas excuses.
“Enough,” Dean growls, pressing lightly against the soft skin, just enough for a thin trail of crimson to appear.
Cas leans into his side with a hum as the three of them reach Dean’s back door.
Dean’s skin crawls at the way Ruby watches his brother like he’s nothing more than a piece of meat. The tight feeling in his gut says the raven-haired woman is up to no good but Sam refuses to listen to reason.
“Dean?” Cas shifts, lifting his head so that he can peer down at Dean. His blue eyes narrow in concern at the way the corners of Dean’s eyes glisten with unshed tears and the faint tremble still plaguing Dean’s limbs. “Are you hurt?”
“Yes,” Dean says on a sigh. He hates talking and Cas knows it, but this is important and Castiel refuses to leave their activities to chance. If Dean is honest with himself, he appreciates Cas’ thoroughness despite his complaints.
Benny nods with a hum. “That’s right, dreams an all that.” He waves his hand dismissively. “So you had the same dreams as Dean?”
Cas pulls in a deep breath through his nose and nods as he finally pulls away. “It is, isn’t it?”
It's day officially Day One of Kinktober for Dean and Castiel! Dean has been waiting patiently to discover what Cas has planned for them and he can't wait to get on his knees for his Angel when the masks are revealed.
The man’s answering smirk is enough of an answer.
“Metatron,” Gabriel says sweetly as he places a hand over his heart in greet. “It is good to see you, brother.”
“Uh, Dean said something about Central Park?” Cas says, glancing to Dean for confirmation.
“Gee, Cas. I didn’t think you cared,” Dean says, his words barely more than a wheeze as he catches his breath. “It’s your fault you know. Too damn distracting,” Dean mutters and Cas tilts his head in confusion.
Dean sucks in a deep breath and prepares himself to probably be a little too honest. “I screwed up, made you mad.”
A few minutes pass in silence before Dean texts back, and Cas can’t help his smile when he reads Dean’s answer.
Dean leaves Sam to manage the monks since he is the only among their party who speaks their language sufficiently. So long as Gabriel continues to cooperate, the pair of them should ensure the obedience of the monks and in turn, their safety.
Cas has been gifted with more than one bloody lip from a well-dressed man with gleaming shoes and crucifix around his neck.
Cas has never felt such unadulterated want coursing through his veins, his body sings and trembles with the absolute need to touch and be touched. He presses down and bites his lip with a whine when he feels Dean’s hardness pressing against his, a firm line barely masked by layers of fabric that Cas suddenly finds himself hating.
Dean huffs a laugh, the big brother in him thrilled that he’s made Sam uncomfortable. “I promise I’ll tell you every gory detail if this goes off the rails”
“Cassie!” Gabe calls but Cas ignores him. They can deal with this mess.
Struggling.
“Would you like to shower?” Castiel suggests even as he settles next to Dean and turns the hunter in his arms.
She laughs brightly and shakes her head. “Not at all. Other than that incident with the slushy machine, he’s done pretty good for his first day.”
Cas pretends to scowl if only to hide the grin that threatens to take over his expression. “Should I call Charlie and tell her the truth? That you haven’t even left yet?”
“Winchester,” Cas says softly before looking toward the sword. “John of Winchester,” He says again with a wry smile. “Your father.”
But at least it works in their favor.
Cas is barely settled in his seat when Dean’s mouth opens. “So, what did he want?”
Whoever thought that was a good idea?
Dean sucks in a deep breath through his nose and smiles wide, his heart still pattering with excitement. “Don’t gotta thank me, Sammy.”
In response.
Cas freezes at Dean’s touch but nods. “For you.”
“Now why would I do that? I thought perhaps it would do you good to watch him die.” Asmodeus buries his fingers in Cas’ hair, making him cry out as Asmodeus drags him closer.
If an Angel of the Lord thinks Dean is worth it, why shouldn’t he believe him?
Dean sighs and shakes his head before looking skyward as if pleading with God for patience. His hand reaches for a spot where one of Samuel’s kicks had landed and Cas flinches at the pain. “Where,” Dean says, pressing again to make Castiel flinch. “Hurt.”
“Huh,” Meg says with a slight frown. “Guess I can relate, I used to be a junkie.”
Dean rolls over once again, propping himself up on an elbow to fumble for his lamp switch. The light comes on and he groans at the intrusion, the bright bulb sending stabbing bolts of pain through his eyes for the minute before he can adjust.
Cas hums thoughtfully. “Yes” He nods his agreement. “But I had asked you a question” His tone hardens ever so slightly and he arches a brow.
Assuming Dean even wants to go there so soon. He said they need to talk, and they should.
Cas shakes his head with a shrug just as Dean opens his mouth to answer. “We were gonna talk about it when we get to California in a couple of weeks.”
Cas turns to his brother with wide eyes and lips parted in surprise at the coarse language.
Concrete.
He has no intention of continuing past the expiration date he agreed to with Balthazar.
“Cas!” A frustrated voice shouts and he’s given a near-violent shake that manages to break Cas out of his frenzied panic.
Cas swallows hard and forces a nod. He doesn’t want to speak to Dean. Not yet.
At least one of them deserves to be happy.
Cas doesn’t disappoint.
“Dean,” Sam says, drawing out the name like a warning.
“You sound certain it’ll be a boy,” Dean arches his brow doubtfully. He hopes Benny has a son but being set on one or the other before the child is born is rarely a wise idea.
Dean’s rambling trails off as a slow smile spreads across Cas’ features and his eyes brim with warmth. “My last name is Novak. Castiel Novak. And yours?” Cas asks as he pulls out his phone and unlocks it before passing it to Dean.
Sam chuckles and leans forward, gesturing for Cas to lean more toward the center as he reaches for the back of his brother’s head. “Wanna know why?” Sam asks, staring into Cas’ wide blue eyes as he reaches for him.
The kiss might last a few seconds or a few minutes but Cas can’t be bothered to count. The gentle slide of their lips and the shroud of peace that settles over him heavy enough to make his heart ache with its intensity.
“Yeah.” Cas sucks in a deep breath and offers a slight nod. “I can do this.” He takes the beer from Dean and strides confidently toward the registers while Dean stares, dumbfounded by the mix of emotions and uneasy feelings rolling around in his stomach.
“I just fixed it!” Cas finally exclaims, frantically trying to smooth it down again.
Or Cas’ snort of amusement while Benny rolls his eyes and grumbles about overgrown children.
that he revels in the feeling instead of trying to calm himself.
“Take us. We volunteer. Spare the others,” The monk says clearly despite his accent being a little rough. He stands a head shorter than Dean; his dark blond hair is somewhat longer than most of his brother’s and his honey brown eyes are fierce with determination.
Cas nods. “Yes. Feet. Although I am uncertain how that works?”
Dean rolls his eyes and pretends to huff. “You know as well as I do that she’s in perfect shape.”
Cas shrugs and clenches his teeth. “Perhaps he simply never mentioned me to
The Shifter is dead and Dean wants nothing more than to be buried inside his Angel. Cas, of course, is happy to oblige.
He shakes his head with a soft smile. “It’s okay, I probably needed that.”
Dean’s heart flutters and his lips part, the words are on the tip of his tongue but they refuse to come. He shifts his hips in hopes that Cas will take that as an answer but the man simply clicks his tongue and shakes his head.
“Yeah” Dean breathes against Castiel’s lips, hands already reaching to slide the trench coat from the Angel’s shoulders.
Cas sighs and shakes his head as he opens his fridge and peers inside.
Meg huffs. “I don’t know how you can call that dollar bullshit a luxury,
“Going to come for me, darling?” the man coos as he continues rubbing against Cas’s prostate and Cas has to clench his eyes to keep his nausea at bay.
Dean smiles softly, taking in Cas’ sleep mussed hair with a glance before staring out at the road in front of them. “Nah, I’m good.”
Cas bites his lip and nods. “Ephraim brewed a syrup that kept you asleep so you could heal. We’ve been giving it to you for six days.”
They’ve been here longer than Cas thought. He nods against his pillow and leans back into Dean’s embrace. “I’m such an idiot.” Cas mumbles. They probably didn’t even know their daughter was dead and Cas just blurted it out before storming off.
He reaches behind himself to grab a throw pillow and shoves it over his lap before leaning forward to grab his computer.
A few minutes later, scrubbed clean and breathing easier as he digs through his closet for fresh clothes. He hums in disapproval as he flips through one pair of slacks after another before he turns to his drawers with a grunt.
Cas scowls and tucks the piece of metal into the pocket of his robe as he curses himself for his weakness.
Tucked amongst the bars and the drunks, the warm glow of his favorite local coffee shop beckons, and his feet carry him like a moth to a flame as the knot in his stomach begins to ease.
he’s dating.
Cas’ throat constricts and he coughs against his half-swallowed mouthful. If only Sam knew.
“Dean,” Cas whimpers, heat pooling low in Cas’ belly as he leans into Dean’s touch. His hands mirror Dean’s, touching and tracing each line of muscle along Dean’s torso.
“You like that?” Dean asks, his voice breathy and full of wonder. Cas nods and tugs fruitlessly at Dean’s shirt.
“I trust your judgment,” Cas says despite his internal wheel protesting the idea of inviting a reporter into their relationship. He quite likes having Dean to himself, but logically he knows that isn’t something he’ll be entitled to in public. Dean is too in demand and too visible.
He barely registers when Cas releases his cock and stills inside him. His limbs feel weightless against his bonds and his mind goes blissfully blank.
Dean’s jeans are nearly soaked by the time Cas calls a truce, bending at the waist and panting hard to catch his breath. “You give up too easy,” Dean jokes as he claps Cas on the shoulder and steers him toward the large rocks that line the shore near where they dumped their shoes.
Understanding his captors would be useful.
“I don’t wanna get up” Dean mumbles into Cas’ hair, already thinking about the mess between their bodies.
Benny snorts as he pushes open a door a gestures Cas inside. “He’s never flown someone out for a show before and the last time he brought someone to meet the band at all?” Benny buzzes air through his lips as he waves a hand at the table set with platters of sandwiches and bowls of chips. “Prolly been three years. Help yourself, the rest of the crew’ll be in and out during the show taking their breaks.”
“You do exactly what I tell you,” Meg says with a devious smile in her voice.
Cas pinches a frown and looks toward the door. “I don’t want to talk about it.” He doesn’t want to remember it either. If he learned one thing from that experience, it’s that he won’t accept that kind of offer again.
Dean looks more innocent and vulnerable than Castiel has ever seen the man, green eyes glinting up at him. The flex of his throat as he swallows draws Cas’ attention and he leans in to kiss his way across Dean’s jaw. “Tell me what you want” Cas mutters between kisses, wanting nothing more than to bring Dean pleasure. Their lives are too hard, too unpredictable to waste this precious time from hiding from each other as they had for years.
Still, he will not suffer his judgment being questioned by a sniveling coward like Zachariah.
He’s done this hundreds of times.
Sam already has the cards half gathered by the time Dean has collected the rest of the pieces and Cas tucks everything neatly away while Bobby watches with a pleased quirk to his lips.
They’ve been dating a week. By all reasonable measures, its too soon to make that kind of commitment, but his heart is telling him otherwise.
At some point, they kick off their shoes and socks in favor of feeling the sand between their toes and Cas’ cheeks start to hurt from laughing at Dean’s antics as he splashes through the shallow water.
Finally, Cas nods. “Then they die.”
Dean grasps the invitation wholeheartedly, quickly shucking his jeans down his legs without care and kicking them off before crawling over Cas and setting between the Angel’s spread thighs without a word.
Dean’s brows furrow and he takes a step back. “And you didn’t tell me?”
Nervous is an entirely inadequate word for how Cas is feeling and he nearly runs Dean over with the shopping cart when he becomes distracted while thinking about all the people he still has to meet.
They seem resigned rather than surprised and Cas holds Dean’s hand that much tighter.
Gabriel settles onto the ground next to him and Cas stews in the silence between them.
Dean hums and blinks with a lazy smile. “M’good, Cas,” he answers. “Want you.”
“Wh…what are you doing?” Dean forces himself to ask, although he’s nearly certain he knows the answer. The firm line of Castiel’s semi-hard cock pressed against his ass is indication enough.
“The worse they got,” Dean says, finishing Cas’ sentence.
“Uncle,” Dean dips his chin in deference to the man angrily striding toward him even as dread causes a chasm to open in his stomach. His hand tightens on the sword hanging from his belt instinctively despite his uncle being unarmed.
The butterflies in his stomach flutter into a storm worthy of a hurricane as his eyes land on the way Castiel’s long legs stretch over the bed and those piercing blue eyes land on him. Dean shuts the door quietly and leans against the smooth wood his hands under his rear. Cas dressed in the time Dean was gone, but the computer still sits across his lap and Dean sees more wariness than hunger in his cerulean gaze. Cas swallows hard and Dean’s nerves flutter harder.
It doesn’t matter that Dean all but drools over him while he’s trying to mold himself into just the right position.
“Good, I know Anna wants to see you before you go,” Balthazar says as he collects their plates. He and Gabe load the dishwasher while Cas whispers with Meg.
Minutes may have passed before he’s finally spent, there is no way to tell and he can’t bring himself to care.
“Shit, sorry” Dean gasps, hurriedly trying to wipe the wax away.
Castiel wouldn’t be surprised if Dean does.
“Will you be my boyfriend?” Cas asks before he can stop himself and his cheeks instantly heat as Dean’s smile widens.
Castiel’s doting fingers travel over every inch of his skin, from the arches of his cheeks to the arches of his feet and Dean is powerless to stop the way his legs jerk at the tickling touch. He squirms and laughs when Cas pursues him and a quick peek shows that Cas is laughing too as he snags Dean’s ankle and holds him in place.
“Well, if you’re happy, I’m happy.” Sam claps him on the shoulder and turns back to face the field. Where only this morning, the wildflowers and low brush were dull and wilting, strong green plants stand and Dean can’t help but raise his brows and look back to the house.
Cas laughs uncomfortably and nods.
Each bite goes down easier than the last and he finishes sooner than he had expected while his stomach rumbles for more. He’s certain that he will never be free from this perpetual gnawing deep in his gut. Not while he’s being held captive.
Peachy.
Keeping Gabriel close might benefit them all.
Cas hums thoughtfully and carefully withdraws his fingers before slinking up Dean’s body to draw him into a heated kiss. “I suppose I should, I’m not into necrophilia.”
Samuel is dead. Laugar is Dean’s responsibility now and he’s sitting in the forest instead of building his father’s pyre.
“If you want to” Cas nods, barely blinking as he watches Dean cross the room.
“But Dean...he, he wants to. Like Alastair,” Cas starts before sparing Dean a quick glance as Sam cuts him off with harsh words.
Gabriel huffs and swats the back of Cas’ head lightly. “You’re both idiots.”
Dean chuckles and kisses his hair. “Good. I need you, Cas.” Dean whispers as if telling him a secret and Cas’ heart warms with Dean’s confession.
After what feels like an eternity pushing buttons, he hits send and waits, hoping that Dean doesn’t take his rejection the wrong way.
Sam’s cheek redden and he ducks his chin. When he finally speaks, it’s so low that Dean struggles to hear him. “I was wondering if me and Jess could come for Saturday dinner at Uncle Bobby and Aunt Ellen’s? I’d like you to meet her.”
“Yes, Dean?” He asks, voice wrecked and full of crushed gravel as he smirks.
“Please, what? I can’t continue unless you tell me what you want.”
“That better?” Cas arches a brow, preparing to repeat the motion.
If whatever Meg has planned doesn’t work, nothing will.
Cas takes a deep breath and thinks. There is so much that he isn’t willing to tell a stranger, even if she is Dean’s best friends. “I, uh, I spent a lot of time fishing.” He finally settles on.
“Fuck Cas” Dean croaks, wonder coloring his tone before cracking into a happy laugh.
Cas bites his lips as he starts to push and Dean’s body gives for him easily. His muscles tremble even as he coaxes Dean to bend his knees.
Dean’s laugh grows. “Wow, look at you. Smiling and laughing before coffee.”
"Let me?" Dean mutters as he stops Cas from tucking the sheathed knife into his pocket.
It is not fine.
A sadness lingers between the brothers but the gloom isn’t as marked as Cas had expected considering they stood witness to the murder of their father figure only hours ago.
Inias huffs a nervous little laugh and cracks a hesitant smile.
Dean’s breaths come in harsh pants as he glares at Cas. “You don’t know the half of it,” he bites as he arches his back, doing his best to encourage Cas to give them what they both want.
If Dean weren’t furious, he would consider praising Cas for his bravery.
Cas tilts his head curiously. He was sure the pot still had more in it but as he looks now, he sees that it is empty.
Cas’ breath hitches as he nods and Dean helps pull the thin t-shirt over his head. His hands immediately find their place on Cas’ skin as soon as the shirt is flung across the room.
He nods before remembering that he needs to use words. “It is late,” he says, trying not to sound angry.
No. Nuh-uh. Nope.
“Yeah?” Cas manages to say. He still can’t quite believe that Dean is interested in him, and now he’s talking about him? To his friends?
After a moment, when they’re away from prying eyes in the empty corridor of the longhouse, the level of care in Dean’s voice has Castiel’s tears renewing and the urge to fight to return.
“You didn’t have to do that,” Dean says, leaning into Cas’s space to whisper.
Castiel runs his fingertips along the outline of Dean’s jaw, frowning at the bit of gore still clinging to his hunter. Dean sighs into the touch, blinking his eyes closed as he swallows thickly. He’s still upset, but his anger has been dampened enough for now. The rest simply needs time. “I’m sorry, Dean. I did not mean to upset you. I did not consider my actions beyond my drive to protect you”
Dean huffs a laugh and shakes his head. “But,” He says, turning to level Cas with a sultry glare. “We have a little time right now and I know a spot where no one will be able to see us.”
Cas squawks and tumbles back when Dean reaches for the belt around his waist and tugs as if planning on undressing him. “No!” Cas cries out as pain and panic lance through him. He scrambles back but Dean simply holds his hands up in a placating gesture. Cas watches Dean with wide eyes as the man holds out a hand to him.
Chuck is back in Italy, but Cas still has a key and an offer to stay at his house while they’re visiting.
“That may be so,” Ephraim says with a kind smile before he turns and walks away as if he was never speaking with Cas to begin with.
“How long has it been since Sam left for the bus tour?” Cas asks, head tilting just enough to bring a smile to Dean’s lips.
Cas uses his free hand to brush a thumb across Dean’s cheek. “Safe words always apply, Dean. I will always obey when you use them.”
Cas nods. Yes. They can trust him, although Cas is puzzled as to how they came to trust him. Surely it must be that they know how broad a target Castiel wears. They are Cas’ only line of defense. If something were to happen to Dean and his brother, Castiel has no doubt the other Vikings would be far less kind to him.
“Whatever is going on, we’ll figure it out, okay?” Dean laces their fingers together and tugs Cas toward the couch.
Cas’ friends are good people, even if they are a little bit insane.
“That sucks, Cas,” Dean kisses Cas’ hair and holds him tighter. Cas isn’t sure which part Dean is talking about. Losing his brother or his mother being an addict, but Cas is grateful for Dean’s easy acceptance.
He feels like an idiot. Why does he feel like Cas is going to call him pathetic and walk away? Cas wouldn’t. Cas would never leave him. Dean clings tighter to his angel, trying to make sense of this shame-filled spiral he’s fallen into. Something must be wrong with him. He shouldn’t feel like this.
Cas sucks in a deep breath and swallows hard. He isn’t going to ruin the moment by admitting the truth. “I, uh, I’ve just been picking up odd jobs here and there, whenever I could.”
A knock sounds on his door and Dean tries to push himself up but he falls back with a pained grunt. “Enter!” He calls out, hoping that whoever is on the other side of that heavy oak door can hear his raspy cry.
“Hey, you awake over there?” Dean’s voice calls to him, making him blink away his reverie to see a hand waving in front of his face.
“Please, come in,” Dean gestures with a roll of his eyes after Cas is already inside and he shuts the door a little too noisily. “What do you want?” He folds his arms over his chest and frowns at Cas paces in his entryway.
Dean knows how his brother despises the idea of slavery, but they both know that laying claim to Castiel is the only way Alastair can be punished for his actions. They cannot pass an opportunity to lay waste to this ungodly man.
Gadreel tilts his head as he regards Cas and Ezekiel huffs and shakes his head. “Dean treats you well, that much is clear. But unlike you, I have nothing to offer him for his favor. Do you truly believe Dean would listen to me?” Ezekiel’s choice of words cut through Cas and leave him narrowed eyes.
Cas shakes his head. He doesn’t want an apology. He wants Dean to do it again, honestly, but he doesn’t understand why. He shakes himself out of his thoughts, valiantly reclaiming control over his vocal cords. “I’m not upset. Just confused.”
Gabriel’s tongue darts out to lick his lips and a grin forms as he arches his brows. “Now, why would I do something like that?” Still, despite his innocent expression he does as Castiel had asked.
Dean blinks slowly, taking in the scene and the obvious care between the partners with a fuzziness building in his mind. The simmer low in his gut demands something more, but the haze in his limbs, seemingly contagious from the sub on stage, keeps him grounded and lazy, leaning against Cas comfortably.
“Hurry up,” Cas growls.
Good is an overstatement, but Dean understands the lie. He reaches across the table to take Castiel’s hand in his.
Maybe.
Cas chews his lip and his stomach swoops as he bends to pick up the unassuming piece of metal.
“You should give me your number, we could hang out.” Missy turns to finish making his drink and Cas flushes.
Later that night, he doesn’t have the heart to protest when Dean kisses his brow and tells him that he and his family will pay to claim her ashes. Burrowing into Dean’s embrace uses all the energy he has left anyway.
“Do you want to come?” Cas whispers and Dean nods, feeling himself sway with every one of Castiel’s touches. “Do you want to show James how good you are for me?”
“Cas! Don’t I get a kiss?” Dean pouts as Cas pauses in the doorway and rolls his eyes.
Cas’ pace doesn’t falter and Dean fights back a desperate sob as he buries his face in the pillow. His body tingles with the need for release but he isn’t allowed. Dean does his best to think unsexy thoughts and the feeling of despair welling in him almost has him calling out for this to stop.
Meg is insane.
“I thought it was a coping mechanism,” Gabriel mutters and draws everyone’s attention. The man swallows hard, looking incredibly pale. He sucks in a breath and closes his eyes. “After your sixth birthday. For a few months, you talked non-stop about Dean. Called him your best friend,” Gabe says while shaking your head. “I thought it was cute until you said that he was your slave.”
He dives for it at the same time as Balthazar but his friend is too fast and fights dirty.
“Cas, eat.” Dean tosses yet another hunk of dry and salty fish into Castiel’s lap. They seem to be locked in an endless cycle of disagreement. Cas refuses Dean’s thrice daily offer of a place on the bench, and Dean withholds the smoked hunks of venison that Cas
Dean kisses the top of Cas’ head where it rests on his shoulder and he hums in agreement. “Let's go back inside.”
“Hey,” Dean says sleepily from across the room. Cas watches his reflection in the window as Dean shrugs off the covers and climbs from the bed to press himself against Cas’ back.
He doesn’t waste any time before he lifts himself and lines up.
“Good.” Cas’ lips twitch up at the corners and his gaze immediately softens. Dean hadn’t noticed the tension in Cas’ shoulders until it disappears and Dean finds a small measure of comfort in Cas’ apparent nervousness.
“Cas, maybe we should hear them out,” Dean says softly looking between Castiel and his apparent grandparents.
Dean won’t hurt him. Dean will never hurt him. Cas pulls back with a gasp. “Dean.” His chest heaves and his mouth hangs open as he takes in Dean’s blown pupils and strained breathing.
“A murderer, I am not,” Cas says softly, an edge of amusement coloring his tone.
“Go on,” Dean says simply as if Balthazar’s admission does have heart pattering with surprise.
“I love you,” Dean says, his voice muffled by Cas’ shoulder under his cheek. His warm breath tickles Cas’ sweat-damp skin and sends a shiver up his spine as his smile grows.
He entertains the thought of having Cas tend to him as he dresses in clean clothing but he dismisses the thought with a huff. “He made his decision,” Dean grumbles under his breath. If Cas’ hatred is ever to dim, Dean must give the man some space no matter much he would rather selfishly keep him close.
“Cas, please. Can I?” Dean questions breathlessly as he moves to hover over Cas.
“Good to see someone’s finally made an honest man outta you, boy” Rufus’ grumpy façade finally cracks to reveal a soft smile and Cas lets out a relieved breath. “He the reason you ain’t come around to see me in years?” He arches an accusing brow even as he holds his hand toward Dean.
“Dean, please. It...” Cas fumbles. He doesn’t know the Norse word for emergency and he doesn’t know how to communicate the situation without Jarl Samuel asking further questions. Cas knows that Dean has been keeping things from the man and he does not want to be the one to break Dean’s trust. “Please,” Cas says again, hoping that his steady gaze is enough to convince Dean that this is important.
“He know what you do?” Meg asks with an arched brow.
Dean makes a toast to Meg and the laugh he pulls out of Cas makes him feel a little bit more human.
“I told your boy not to come,” Benny says as he claps Dean’s shoulder and crosses through the now open entry. “Gabe is going to give him a sparring lesson in Sam’s room.”
Cas blinks curiously and tilts his head as he arches a brow. “And what are you ordering?”
“I don’t remember them at all.” Cas turns in Dean’s arms and blinks the crust from his eyes as he stares into Dean’s.
“Fuck. Cas, come here” Dean reaches towards Castiel’s cock with grabby hands and Cas scoots forward with a grin. Dean wraps his fingers around Castiel’s length and tugs roughly, just the way Castiel likes. “You like this baby?” Dean twists his wrist at the end, making Castiel gasp.
Cas’s lip quirks but he tamps it down, refusing to admit how Dean’s suggestive tone makes his dick perk up.
He sends off a quick prayer before his mind travels too far down the road to unsexy places. He closes his eyes and swallows hard, tightening his arms over his chest as he waits.
Cas sucks in a sharp breath and narrows his eyes as he struggles to hold down the coffee from earlier. “Are you going to arrest me?”
When Cas looks back, he sees why.
Dean climbs into the bed and pulls the covers up to his chin as he watches Cas pull on a pair of boxers.
“Okay?” Cas says, lips pursing in a smirk. He isn’t going to lie to himself and deny that he already loves Dean just a little bit, but that feels like a secret worth guarding for now and Dean does not need to know how he very nearly tripped over his carefully placed words and nearly admitted the rapidly encroaching truth.
Cas turns to look at him with wide eyes and he tilts his head slightly when Dean shrugs.
“Winchester,” Castiel mumbles, reaching for the weapon once more but Dean puts an abrupt stop to the motion. Cas turns his blue eyes to Dean’s green ones, staring in disbelieving wonder.
The elevator door slides open on the ground floor before anything more can be said and Cas follows Dean and Benny into the lobby. He grins when Dean easily slips his hand into his, knowing they don’t need to hide their relationship anymore.
Cas smiles and nods politely.
“Eileen is back in town?” Dean asks, straightening in his seat for another reason.
Dean smirks and arches a brow but stops with his hands resting on Cas’ spread thighs. “That depends.”
The asshole.
Sam had told him the penalty for the crime committed against him was death. But Castiel isn’t naïve enough to think any of these heathens care about him. Dean only cares because he thinks of Cas as a damaged piece of property.
“Do you remember, my Prince?” Cas asks with a faint dip of his chin and Dean lets out a harsh groan of frustration when he doesn’t understand what Cas is saying.
The sound of knives and forks scraping on plates and muffled chewing takes the place of conversation as they clear their plates, and it isn’t until after the pie is devoured and Ellen kicks them out of her kitchen that Bobby broaches the subject Dean has been dreading.
That’s it. He’s going in.
He turns away and strips his shirt over his head on the way to the bathroom where he sets his water to near scalding, needing the punishing heat to center himself.
Cas lets out a heavy sigh and shakes his head fondly. “Brat,” He says but his tone lacks any heat. “I was planning on keeping everything simple the first time we play with this. I’m not going to ask anything of you that we haven’t done outside this…arrangement, and in turn I expect you to obey me without question or protest.”
Dean huffs and turns back to Cas. His gaze drops to their clasped hands, well, Dean’s hand is clasping Castiel’s limp one. He squeezes anyway. “Cas. I will not rape you. I promise,” Dean says slowly and full of caution.
And Cas is most certainly not going to complain about that.
Dean sits up with a grumble and Cas can feel the man’s green eyes boring into him. A hot spark of hatred flames to life deep in his chest as he stares ahead, trying to ignore Dean’s watchful gaze.
A heartbeat later, Dean flushes and drops his gaze as he settles back on his heels, drawing away from Cas entirely.
Soon enough, others join Alfie in the stream while Cas stands frozen next to Inias. His thoughts churn, the idea of undressing and making himself vulnerable cause his stomach to sour and his pulse to quicken.
Meg shrugs again and flashes a carefree smile that doesn’t negate the faint tension in her eyes. “He wants some moral support.”
Dean trudges behind him, weighed down by the heavy tackle box Cas had dug out of Chuck’s garage and the bucket of shrimp that he’s been eyeing warily since they left the bait shop.
“She likes you,” Dean says as he turns the key in the ignition and looks over to Cas.
Sam huffs into the phone and Dean nearly bounces with excitement. “If you don’t mind. I mean, I get it if you don’t wanna stay on the road another night, but yeah…” Sam trails off and Dean delights in how red Sam’s face has gotten in his imagination.
A sneaky grin begins to creep across Castiel’s lips and his eyes glint with mischief. “Please, what?” His head tilts to the side with his question. “What do you want, Dean?”
, you best watch your tongue lest you find yourself on stable duty.”
“Don’t you want him to see, Dean?” Cas whispers and Dean’s pulse skitters.
Inias looks to Sam with a frown. “I help Castiel in the gardens and I can cook. I also visit the orphans of our city and ensure they are ministered to,” Inias explains softly, his tone smooth and easy despite the fierce light in his eyes.
“No, Cas. None of it was your fault,” Dean says as he nudges Cas back and turns to meet his reddened blue eyes. “You were a child, her problems were not your fault.” Dean nudges Cas’ chin. “Hey, look at me,” Dean says and Cas swallows hard as he tries to obey. “None of it was your fault. None of it.”
As the boats silently beach themselves on the narrow patch of sand, his warriors unload and gather their weapons while Dean takes a deep breath to settle his thoughts and clear his mind.
He only wants Cas to talk to someone qualified to listen and help him muddle through the baggage from his childhood.
He squints against the bright light and quietly takes in the sight of Dean standing with his back to him. The man’s shoulders are tense and Cas can see the way Dean’s chest heaves where he stands, oblivious to Castiel’s appearance. “Dammit Cas,” Dean breathes as he shakes his head and he scrubs a weary hand over his face.
He hums against Dean’s lips and gives himself over. Anything Dean wants from him, he can have.
Cas closes his eyes and tries to hold back a pained sob. Inias is so firm in his faith, so unwavering. Castiel can’t possibly tell him that he feels they have been forsaken. No. He will keep his pain to himself.
Dean chuckles into his hair. “Brat.”
“You’re making demands?” Cas arches a brow and folds his arms over his chest, fixing Dean with a glare that makes him shiver.
The sharp tug at his scalp has Cas’ hips stuttering and he uses Dean’s shoulder to muffle his groan. His hand strips Dean’s cock eagerly and he knows Dean is close by the way his back bows.
Blindly, he hands her a tissue that she clasps to her mouth before rubbing soothing circles between her shoulder blades as the wet coughs make her tremble and struggle for breath. The sour feeling in his stomach only grows worse alongside her condition with the need to help, to
Dean thinks to himself, unable to speak with his mouth stuffed full of cock. He smirks the best he can with his mouth stretched open and draws back almost until Cas’ pops free from his lips before sinking back down. He gives Cas’ hips a squeeze, reminding him to watch, as he bobs his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nods again, chin seemingly on a swivel when he thinks. Suddenly, his up and down motion ceases and he shakes his head. “I don’t want to hide you a minute longer. Would you mind if I called him real quick? I want to at least tell him before we get caught kissing in public.” Dean winks with a playful smirk.
Dean huffs a laugh and shakes his head. “You sure you’re ready for that?” Dean understands him perfectly.
He hasn’t even tried to call Meg.
Cas catches a glimpse of Dean in the distance, seemingly locked in an argument with his brother. His arms wave dramatically and Sam points a stern finger into Dean’s chest before shooting a glance across the clearing to where Castiel was told to wait.
The sensation of being watched creeps up his spine and Cas throws the man a careless smile even as his stomach twists from the change of routine.
Dean swallows hard and nods, mouth going dry as the vision of Cas wearing boots and a white lab coat, clipboard in hand as he orders Dean to sit on the exam table. He doesn’t know what Cas has in store for them, but he’s certain he will not be disappointed. Cas doesn’t seem to understand the concept of doing anything by half measures. “Yeah Cas. I am” He admits, because Cas is the one rubbing his hands over Dean’s sides, ghosting his thumbs over the ridges of Dean’s ribs and back up again. Dean wants to melt into the touch. Cas hums, quirking a smile and Dean can’t help but notice the hard line pressed against his hip, it seems that Cas is every bit as invested in this situation as Dean is.
Dean does as he was told but his brow furrows. What the hell?
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asks after he swallows his last bite. Only a handful of fries remain on his plate and Dean pats his stomach lovingly.
He looks a little green.
“Really?” Cas should have known that his brother would have wanted to go to the most expensive and pretentious restaurant he can find.
Cas hums in unhappiness once again and draws his hand back, eliciting a needy groan from Dean. “Please, doc” Dean manages to croak.
“Sit up front, Cas. I need to stretch out a bit.” Sam opens the door to the back seat and gestures for Cas to climb out.
Cas hums thoughtfully and taps his thumb with his finger. “True. You are an omega who blew the operation, but if we’re being honest, I only care about one of those facts. Care to guess which one?”
He doesn’t deserve the devotion Cas offers him. He doesn’t deserve to be loved like this.
He sighs, pulling himself from his fantasy and returning to the life he has at hand.
“It means you’re ordering first,” Dean says as he gestures to the takeaway window of the ice cream booth, complete with a gum chewing, bubble blowing high school girl with dark pigtails and too much make-up.
“Dean, would you like to go for a drive?” Castiel questions as Sam stretches his arms high over his head with a yawn. They’ve been back in their room less than five minutes and Cas is eyeing Dean hungrily.
Wet pressure burns behind his eyes as his back arches and he whimpers, needing more but Dean’s persistent touch is quickly robbing him of his ability to form words. He forces himself to nod and pushes himself back onto Dean’s fingers. “More.”
Cas nods and then shakes his head. Gabriel isn’t wrong. Even as a child, Cas knows he was too stubborn for his own good.
Dean feels his cheeks heat and he ducks his chin. They’re talking about him and there is nothing he can do to stop them short of banning Cas from having contact with his brothers.
Dean smirks as he reaches out a finger to poke Castiel in the center of his chest. “I’m not afraid of you, boss man. You want to punish me, go ahead. I’m not gonna apologize.”
Dean, the nerve of him, laughs at Castiel’s predicament and nudges him over to fix his own hair.
The grin that slowly creeps across Dean’s face should scare him.
to do what I can while I still have the strength.” Meg fixes him with her most pleading look, her eyes wide and lips pursed.
Cas watches Dean dress with a faint smirk as he leans against the doorframe. “I’m sure it’ll be fine.” He straightens and crosses the room to invade Dean’s space. “You look very handsome today,” he says as he smooths the front of Dean’s t-shirt.
He does. Chuck help him, part of him does.
The heavy English oak doors begin to groan shut, but the Vikings wedge their ram between them and keep the gap from closing as they rush inside.
“Ugh, you two are perfect for each other,” Sam eventually grumbles as he pushes to his feet to take his dishes to the kitchen.
They work their way around the course, filling the time between shots with good-natured teasing and Cas has a good time despite losing handily.
“Cas,” Dean pushes him back just as Cas drops to his knees and tugs on Dean’s zipper frantically.
Cas nods and pushes off the counter and turns around to check the water. “Yes, I think it did.”
Dean nearly sputters out a laugh at her indignant pout and shakes his head, falling just a little bit more for Castiel knowing that he kept what Dean told him to himself when he had no real reason too.
“I still don’t think I’ll ever be used to people stopping you like that,” Sam says over the rim of his beer glass.
Why he kept coming around even when John made it clear he wasn’t welcome.
Dean purses his lips to keep from smiling too wide. “You askin me out, Cas?”
for one week and a fight wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world for his anger.
“He retired to…do more work?” Cas quirks a puzzled brow and Dean shrugs.
“So, your name is Cas?” Mick’s head tilts. “Dean has called you that several times in the last few minutes.”
Dean shakes his head and wraps his arm around Cas’ waist to draw them shoulder to shoulder as they follow Charlie and Sam. “Don’t worry about it, Cas. I meant when I said I’m not going to pressure you.”
Dean nods. “Yes. Please.”
, Dean,” Sam says as he slowly shakes his head. “This is not the Christian way of punishment.” Sam gestures to their surroundings, to the bloodied and headless corpse and the men busy digging a shallow grave near the edge of the trees.
Cas cracks a smile that slowly devolves into a choked laugh that has his eyes glued to the table as his shoulders shake. “Don’t say that too loud around here,” Cas says as he lifts his playful gaze to meet Dean’s.
Cas freezes and his mind races at the unexpected intimate touch. He wasn’t sure what he expected Dean to do, but it certainly was not this. Dean’s skin is warm against his and Dean’s weight on top of him suddenly feels less oppressive, much to his disdain. Cas blinks open his eyes to see Dean’s closed, from this close, the Norse warrior almost looks soft and as young as his twenty-odd years should make him.
Dean’s heart flutters when he feels the steady rhythm of Cas’ heart beating against his chest, barely noticeable through their shirts but the most important feeling in the world right now.
“Let's go a little easier on them, huh?” Dean asks Cas with an arched brow.
After a few minutes, and a text to Garth, they’re
“Kink?” He asks, only slightly bewildered. “I thought the collar was today’s kink?” Dean thinks back to the conversations they’ve had about the list. Honestly, he’s mostly forgotten about their quest to try something different every day.
“Your name. Cast-ee-el.” Dean sounds out the name with each syllable highlighted and carefully pronounced. “What does it mean?” Dean asks.
He was rude.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean pokes his head out of the bunker’s kitchen. The rich aroma of perfectly seasoned beef searing in a heavy cast iron pan fills the air. He doesn’t want to be away too long, but Castiel’s cautious tone of voice piques his curiosity. The angel’s obscenely blue eyes are wide when he looks over the laptop screen and Dean immediately knows that Cas has either done something foolish or is about to. He wears the same expression as a kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar. Dean would know. He was that kid. Except the cookie jar in his situation was his inner jacket pocket at the convenience store.
“Cas, babe, calm down. We’re not gonna let him get away with this,” Dean whispers soothingly as he rubs circles on Cas’ back.
He can’t help but smile down at the thin little blueish card and the stamped paper that declares him to be Castiel James Novak.
“Just water for me, please,” Cas says, swallowing hard before looking to Dean.
choices.”
Cas grins then, slowing his pace just enough to take Dean’s heavy cock in hand and stroke him lazily. “Come for me,” he says, voice a mere whisper as he stares down at Dean’s flushed skin with wonder shining in his eyes.
“No.” Cas pulls back with a choked sob. He isn’t safe. He isn’t okay. Nothing is preventing Dean from turning into another Alastair. Nothing can stop Dean from hurting him whenever he wants to. This sense of security Cas has begun to feel is only going to get him hurt.
Cas is made of gentler things than the harsh northern winds.
Castiel squirms as his stomach twists.
His hands rest on his hips as he stares but Cas is too busy staring at the floor to notice his tense posture.
He must do a poor job because Cas huffs right back at him before dropping his head against the seat. “Bobby is very protective of you.”
Even the sun streaming in at just the right angle to strike his brow and warm his face doesn’t matter.
“I’ll show you, sweet….” Dean starts to sit up but Cas holds him back with a laugh.
Dean does his absolute best to shrug instead of nod and sends a quick prayer that his heating cheeks don’t draw further suspicion. “Oh,” he finally says, remembering something else Meg mentioned. “What’s a humbler?”
“No, let me… I need to tell you this.” He licks his lips and swallows against the roiling in his gut. “When me and Sammy were kids, our dad left us alone. A lot. Without enough money to pay for the motel room and food. It didn’t take me long to figure out some guys’ll pay good money to fuck some twink kid.”
“Grandpa, Grandma,” Dean says with a nod and hesitant smile as they come to a halt in front of the older couple.
Dean thought his drinking was an escape from their shitty life and the things he had to do to make sure Sam was fed and clothed when their father disappeared for weeks at a time. He never saw a problem with his method of coping until Sam had shaken his head in disappointment and walked out of Dean’s life.
“Good boy,” Zachariah says lightly and pats Cas's cheek. “I knew I could count on you.” He strides away, leaving Cas nearly trembling in his wake as he gathers himself to brave the trek back up the stairs.
By the time the sun dips below the trees, a village comes into view and causes Castiel’s heart to stutter with dread. The increasing murmur of voices and an outbreak of joyous song tells Castiel everything he needs to know.
If he were one to pray, he would beg for a better life for both of them. But this is what they have. The one precious life they have to live and he’s determined to do the best he can for Meg even if it is absolute shit.
Cas chews his lip for a moment and nods. Dean knows enough about Cas’ mom to know that he wasn’t terribly broken up by her passing but he still doesn’t know the details.
Dean bites his lip and laughs. “Now Meg is here too.”
Dean presses the tip of his sword against Alastair’s throat, the sharp point digging in firmly enough to draw a thin trickle of blood.
Sam fixes him with an unimpressed look as he brings the butt of his ax down as Castiel attempts to duck. The blow connects with Castiel’s head and sends the monk toppling to the ground with barely a sound. “Fine,” Sam says with narrowed eyes as he gently prods Castiel’s unconscious form with the toe of his boot. “Collect him later.”
Cas watches Dean as he nibbles on the dried meat, noting how the man’s face seems to be slimmer than before and his freckles stand out more than Cas has seen them. Dean arches a brow as Cas stares but he otherwise lets him look without comment.
“That was before I thought about it” Dean grumbles, eyeing Cas with annoyance.
He is under no illusion of what awaits him at the other end of this journey.
Cas shakes his head with a smile and Dean barks a faint laugh at their brotherly banter.
Many things can be said about his brother, but unsupportive has never been one of them.
Dean shudders beneath him with a whimper before turning his head to press his brow against the cool wood.
Dean looks on with concern, the smile twitching at the corners of his lips fades when Cas catches his eye. “Babe,” Dean says, reaching for his napkin as Gabriel devolves into cackles.
“Dean” Cas mutters, licking his bottom lip as he pats the bed next to him. “Sit with me?”
Cas chuckles quietly and continues his ministrations. He knows exactly what he’s managed to do, damn him, the sneaky bastard.
Those both disappear the moment Dean is inside and he sweeps Cas up in a tender kiss as soon as they’re cast aside and the worn guitar case Cas hadn’t even noticed is propped against the wall.
Dean nods, he likes the sound of that. He thinks he might be brave enough soon. Maybe another visit to a club like before where exhibitionism isn’t going to land them in the county lockup.
Cas forces himself to smile and finish pouring the last steaming bucket of water. “A bath,” He says, using the English word.
“Yeah, you still wanna grab dinner with me?” Dean asks, his stomach twisting with doubt. If Cas is too tired, he’d understand, but he’s been looking forward to this for days and he really doesn’t want Cas to cancel.
Cas chuckles as he swaps out his old boxers for flannel pajama pants. “I don’t imagine the bat could have gotten through otherwise.”
Cas nods before he can stop himself. Something about Dean makes Castiel want to try, want to hope for something better.
“Tsk Tsk” Dean clicks his tongue on the roof of his mouth and grips Cas hips hard enough to bruise if he were human. “Hold still” Dean glances up through his lashes even as Cas’ grip on his hair holds his head on place, hovering over the Angel’s hard and weeping cock.
“We might not have a choice.” Dean shakes his head sadly. “Their fate is no longer our decision.” Dean lowers himself to a crouch and gathers Castiel’s clasped hands in his own, thumb rubbing lightly over the iron band now adorning the man’s wrist. “Cas,” Dean says softly.
Cas nods once, lips pinched at the corners in a smile as Missy reaches for her phone. He waits for her to give him the okay to continue before rattling off his phone number. “You can call me any time, but I mostly sleep during the day.” He bites his lip to fight back the creeping warmth growing in his cheeks.
“Maybe he’s just afraid? I don’t know. Did he tell you why he doesn’t date?” Sam’s words make Dean’s stomach squirm.
Another minute passes before his phone pings and Cas’s heart leaps into his throat.
he silently tacks on. The lingering flutter of adrenaline still makes his heart race and his stomach twist. His hands tremble so he closes them into fists at his sides before Meg can notice and offer to walk him home.
Cas’ heart hammers and he shakes his head to hide how wide his eyes have surely gotten. Crowley is on to him. He isn’t the photographer who found them at Zap Zone, but he’s probably seen the photo. If he looks close enough, he might notice that the man Dean was about to kiss and Cas are the same person. “I’ve barely met him,” he forces himself to say dryly, hating the way the words sound coming off his tongue.
love with him.
“No, Dean. Please, no,” Cas struggles harder but Dean’s hands are like iron around his arms. He pulls back and his foot snags on the edge of the tub, causing him to lose his balance and he tumbles backward.
“But I’m always orange!” Dean protests as they’re called forward.
“That would be lovely, thank you,” Cas says even as his cheeks flush further and Dean lets out a broken laugh.
Cas’ smirk turns predatory and Dean realizes that he may very well live to regret that promise but the blunt head of Cas’ dick is nudging at his hole and Dean’s thoughts narrow to that singular point of contact as he breaches that first tight ring of muscle.
He gives the head a single kitten lick before kissing his way down Dean’s shaft. “Like this?” He questions just before wrapping his lips around the head of Dean’s cock and staring up at Dean through his lashes.
“Walk together?” Benny asks and Cas’ brows scrunch. Benny seems to understand that his meaning was lost on him. “You. Me. Walk.” Benny indicates each word with his hands. “Together,” He says again and Cas nods in understanding.
“Go on, Chief, they don’t bite. I promise.” Benny laughs at his back and Cas shoots a glare over his shoulder as his feet begin to slog through his reticence and inch onto the stage.
“Kelvin, no!” Castiel yells, rushing toward Sam with his paddle raised and ready to strike.
Cas shifts uncomfortably where he stands at Dean’s side, at a loss for words but his well-practiced smile comes instinctually and almost turns genuine when Dean’s warm hand settles low on his back. “Nice to meet you,” Cas says with a dip of his chin, pretending his stomach isn’t threatening revolt.
By the time Dean opens his eyes, the sub on stage is prone on the floor with his Dom untying his legs, carefully massaging his muscles to work the feeling back into his abused limbs.
He hopes they like him.
Cas rolls his eyes. “You are not swine, Dean.” One of the first things he noticed about Dean Winchester, after his obscenely unfair beauty, was how eager he is to put himself down. “You’re a good man.”
Calling Dean is the last thing he wants to do right now.
He’s pathetic.
He can’t call Gabriel. He doesn’t even know the man’s phone number anymore. As far as Gabe knows, Castiel is dead.
Cas chuckles as he reads the message and he quickly types out a response.
Sam arches a brow. “I’m not a child, Dean. I don’t need your approval.”
“Come on, Dean. Meg, you met him. That’s what you wanted and now we have to go.” Cas waves over his shoulder as he drags Dean into the hall to the sound of Meg’s laughter.
Probably haunted, but beautiful.
His chest tightens unbearably and breathing is near impossible. Why? Why does Dean have to choose now to relax his grip?
“Aww, poor baby.” Cas holds his arms open with a sympathetic frown. “Come here.”
Dean licks his lips, convinced now more than ever that having Cas like this, affecting Cas like this, is worth keeping an open mind about what they might try. His cock swells at the sight of Castiel’s arousal and he reaches for the sound bravely.
Dean tries to speak but his words come out a garbled jumble that must vaguely resemble a yes and a please because Cas’ fingers are withdrawing and Dean hears the snick of a plastic flip cap.
“Your exam is not over yet, but this ought to keep your greedy ass occupied until a proper treatment plan can be developed” Cas meets his eyes and holds up a thick black plug. Dean’s eyes widen at the sight of the toy, something they haven’t played with before, and he swallows hard before nodding his agreement. Cas gives him a soft smile and touches the narrow end of the plug to Dean’s opening. “Now lie back down” Cas instructs gently as he carefully works the plug inside. Dean gasps at the intrusion, feeling like the steady widening of the shaft is splitting him open and filling him almost as well as Cas. Finally, the plug pops into place, fully seated in Dean’s ass as pressing lightly against his prostate. Dean keens in pleasure at the sensation and yelps when Cas gives the base a firm lap, causing the plug to press firmer against the sensitive nub of tissue deep inside him.
His heart threatens to vibrate out his chest when he hears the faint brush of fabric rubbing against brick and he forces himself to keep his hands open as he approaches.
“I love you too. Break a leg,” Cas says softly with a smile that is more clearly reflected in his eyes before he turns and all but flees the stage.
He’s done nothing wrong.
Samuel never speaks of her or who she was to him.
Cas hums and strokes soothing fingers through Dean’s hair. “Explain?”
“Gross,” Sam says with a wrinkled nose. “I’ve gotta go in there after you.”
He shrugs off the feeling, knowing Dean probably lost track of time again working on new music. Being with Dean has made him realize that there is so much more to being a musician than simply performing.
Dean huffs a laugh. “Yeah, she’s insatiable. No doubt she’ll be a damn good hunter someday” He nods. “No one better for her to learn from either” Dean claps his brother on the shoulder and nods. “Be safe out there”
He prays, and those long fingers tighten in his hair.
Sam hums and frowns, looking down at his newspaper with a look Dean knows all too well.
Right. That’s what he’s supposed to be doing. Sam forces himself to focus, trying to determine how best to get these morons to admit to the unresolved tension between them.
Cas folds his arms over his chest and grips his biceps, making himself look smaller than usual and more uncertain than Dean has ever seen him. “She was sitting on my back porch. Her paw was bloody, I think whoever shot my hives hurt her too.”
Cas looks between the two men, obviously confused but he makes no move to pull his wrist away from Dean.
“Come!” Dean demands his tone strained by his tenuous grasp on his self-control. Dean shoves Castiel into a boat and secures the rope still binding his wrists to the bow. “Down,” Dean bites as he shoves Castiel to his knees.
“Thanks, Cas. So, uh,” Dean starts and falters as he takes a sip of the macchiato. “Damn, this is good.”
there are weeds to deal with but he can’t bring himself to go outside and face his wild and untamed neighbor.
Not that he’d know, of course. Gabriel has always been a menace and his other siblings…well, they followed a little too closely behind their father to ever really bond with.
He doesn’t know what to write, so he settles on a simple affirmation and hands the book back with a gentle smile. “You gave yourself that strength, Jessica. Bravery like that doesn’t come from books or television, it comes from inside you.” He reaches out to touch her shoulder as she sniffles and shakes her head.
Dean nods. “Live-action role-play. We get to dress up all medieval and fight battles and shit,” he explains with a flourish of his hand and a wide grin.
“Stop! Dean!” Cas cackles and curls in on himself even as he kicks out at Dean’s legs. “Stop!” He finally gets out firmly through his laughter and Dean’s fingers still in favor of his palm pressing flat against Cas’ skin and rubbing the lingering sensation away. Cas pants to catch his breath and glares at Dean’s cheeky smirk. “You’re an asshole.”
Cas nods. “I see. Dean, would you be willing to go on another date with me tomorrow?” Cas arches a brow and fights against his teasing smirk.
There is nothing to fear.
“Dean, what is sounding?” Castiel’s rough voice comes from across the room and Sam nearly chokes on his mouthful of burger as his eyes bulge comically.
Dean’s head tilts just slightly but Missy is calling up their drinks so he isn’t able to follow up on Cas’ answer. “Sit with me?” he asks instead after he pays and holds out a ceramic cup to Castiel.
“Yeah?” Dean’s eyes widen and he glances toward the closed bathroom door. “Why are you telling me this?” She should be telling Cas.
He enjoys Cas’ company.
Dean huffs but lets the monk stew a little bit longer. He understands Castiel’s anger as much as Dean hates it. Castiel is beautiful in his defiance and Dean finds himself
“Good,” Sam says, pushing to his feet as he runs his hands through his hair. “Good,” he repeats. “I know you don’t trust us. I get it. But please, this will go so much better for all of us if you cooperate.”
Unfortunately, even he isn't stubborn enough to believe that.
Dean nods and pretends his throat doesn’t tighten. “Ah, I won’t keep you then.”
John nods with a proud gleam in his eye. “I’ll give it a once over before you boys head out. Gotta make sure she can make the trip.”
Finally, Mick nods. “Yeah, sure.” His lips purse and his eyes linger a little too long for Dean’s liking. “Next week.” He turns to leave slowly, glancing over his shoulder suspiciously at Dean as he slides into his car.
Knowing what little he does about his landlord, he doubts a simple eviction would be Zachariah’s style. He’s heard enough whispers about the slum lord’s side projects that he would be willing to bet the wad of bills freshly tucked in his pocket that being evicted would seem like a dream compared to what Zachariah might have planned.
“Bal...” Cas warns before he downs the rest of his glass.
Mick, of course, wouldn’t say what was real and what his people planted, but in the end none of that matters.
He frees his hands and grips Dean’s hips to spin him around, claiming his lips in a searing kiss. Dean’s fingers immediately find their way into his hair, tugging at the long strands and sending sparks of pleasure down Cas’ spine. He can’t help his moan, his simple need to be closer as he backs Dean down the hall toward the only door remaining.
“Dean, are you okay?” Cas asks. He cannot ignore Dean’s unease any longer. Something is bothering him.
“Gabe,” he croaks, voice clogged with tears. He wipes at his watery eyes but the grin on his face manages to set Dean at ease.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean whimpers, fingers twining through Cas’ hair to pull him back until their eyes meet. Suddenly, Dean’s fingers are toying with Cas’ belt and his mind races to catch up.
Ten minutes later and the trash is taken care of, his kitchen is cleaned of everything non-essential and he’s pulled wine glasses out for the Prosecco.
“Dean?” Cas turns to him and arches a brow in question.
She turns back to him with a steaming paper mug in hand. “I know you’re kind, soft-spoken, and easy to make blush.” She carefully snaps a lid on the cup and pushes it across the counter. “You have some struggles with your self-esteem, financial troubles too I’m guessing, and your work…well, you’ve always been tight-lipped about that but your clothes and eye make-up...” She looks at him sideways, choosing her words carefully. “Look, Cas, I’m not an idiot. I’m pretty sure I know what you do and it’s
Cas chews his lip, doing his best to read between the lines and he’s typing before he can stop himself.
“I’m glad you boys are here. Your dad should be home in an hour or so, they’ve been swamped down at the garage lately so he’s been picking up extra hours.” Mary squeezes Dean tighter than her size might suggest her capable of and Dean narrowly holds back a gasp at the pressure on his ribs.
Maybe this is too easy, maybe they shouldn’t fit so well so soon, but Castiel is not about to ask questions and risk ruining whatever this is quickly becoming between them.
The books in front him lay ignored and his computer darkens as the machine enters sleep mode as Cas reaches forward to lower the screen with a simple tut. Dean doesn’t care about any of that. Not when Cas is leaning over him, whispering sweet nothings and promises of the reward that awaits him once this hellish week is over.
“Is this what it looks like?” Dean holds up a rubber tourniquet as he gestures into the sink.
Cas goes stiff and Mary releases him quickly with a sheepish smile. “Sorry, I just...sorry,” she says apologetically.
Sam nods sheepishly and lets his hands hang at his sides. “Yes. The Greeks implemented a concept called Democracy, Dean. For over a hundred years they’ve, well, they
Cas sucks in a deep breath through his nose and prays for patience. “He knew he said something that offended me and he apologized. That’s good enough for me and I expect you to accept that.” The fact that he’s too much of a coward to simply tell Dean the truth is something he doesn’t need to voice.
“That is not how it went!” Castiel points across the table as his stomach flops. “I didn’t!” It wasn’t. He didn’t…he wouldn’t.
Dean’s jaw goes slack and he looks to Cas in horror. “Six days? I’ve been unconscious for six days?!” Dean feels the stirrings of anger and the spike in his pulse draws attention to the blinding pain in his shoulder and he winces with a hiss.
“She gave you his number instead of talking to me?” Cas stares, jaw clenching. “What did she say exactly?”
“You will not get away with this! My brother has committed no crime!” Azazel yells as he struggles against the men holding him.
“What?” Cas squeaks, staring at the door as if Benny is going to burst into the room at any second. Talk about ruining the afterglow.
Dean grins and brushes Cas’ hair from his eyes with his free hand. “Feel free to make a mess of me any time.”
Cas sighs and tilts his chin toward the ceiling. “I think the picture says enough.”
Cas leans forward and kisses his brow. “Never mind,” he says with an indulging chuckle.
The floor grows closer as his knees give out and he forces his body to turn so that he can lean against the cupboard.
Cas shakes his head and sniffles, surprising himself when he feels a single tear forming in the corner of his eye. “I’m fine. She’s the one who’s dying.”
“Ok, so, me and Cas will go interview the family” Sam begins, or at least finally draws Dean’s attention. “And you can go check out where the last victim was found”
“What?” Dean repeats, this time tilting his ear away from the bed to listen.
Dean shivers and his mouth goes dry. Castiel knows exactly what that tone does to him and Dean knows that Cas knows it. Cas is not normally this much of a tease. What has gotten into him? “Thanks” Dean mutters, pointedly turning back to his brother and doing his best not to think about the thoughts Castiel placed in his head.
“BUT, if anyone does give you trouble. Call me ASAP, okay?”
It isn’t that he expected life on the road with a band to be free from stress and drama but he wasn’t expecting anything to happen so soon.
“I have not,” Cas says with a hard edge to his tone. “Those rumors are unfounded and I will not stand for them.”
Also, just FYI, the end of this chapter isn't fluffy and the problem won't be resolved until chapter 8 so yeah...sorry.
“Come, Cas,” Dean urges once Castiel begins to sob but his words only cause the monk to renew his tears. “Come,” Dean tries again, giving Castiel’s arm a gentle tug.
Not when an old man simply wants his son back.
“Cas did what he had to do.” Dean saves him by slinging an arm around Cas’s back and hooking his thumb into his jeans pocket. “He did the best he could given the circumstances.”
Dean’s lip twitches and Cas knows he’s close to winning.
Cas nods, eyeing Dean with purpose before grabbing the laptop and cradling it with one hand before taking Dean’s hand with his other. “We can start slow”
They walk out of the studio building hand in hand and Dean holds Baby’s door open for Cas without a word. They exchange a quick peck of a kiss before Cas slides in and Dean carefully shuts the door and hurries around to the other side.
“I blame you,” Cas jabs playfully despite the truth of the statement. Dean is the most wonderful kind of distraction and Cas would have to be dead before he failed to notice how wonderfully Dean’s backside fills out his jeans when he squares his stance to putt.
Inias has always been special to him, a favored brother, and he is pleased to see him looking well.
“They’re so small,” Dean says softly as he glances at Cas.
Cas cringes as he gets himself settled and takes the blissful moment of quiet to take a deep breath and appreciate the tinted glass divider blocking his view of the front seat before dutifully reaching for the seatbelt.
Dean didn't sleep that first night, he was worried sick. The bruising on his jaw wasn't that bad, Cas mostly missed, but the dull sting kept reminding Dean of his decision to wait... no matter how awful he felt. When his phone rang that second night, his heart soared until he heard the broken rhythm of Cas's tear-filled voice on the other end of the line and fear filled his gut.
“Cas,” Dean says, his soul full to bursting. He wraps his arm over Cas’ shoulders and pulls him close. “May the gods forgive me, but I can’t help but be selfish when it comes to you.”
“The woman on the phone said that newcomers are welcome, they only ask that we be respectful” Castiel finally meets Dean’s eyes.
wanting to break the man. Cas will belong to Dean and he will have to learn to accept that his place is now at Dean’s side, but Dean doesn’t want to lose that fire in the man’s eyes.
Surely a first name isn’t all that bad.
Damn hippy.
“Castiel.” Benny’s gruff voice comes from behind the small circle of monks and the four of them turn to face the man.
Dean forces himself to turn away from the window and settle at his desk. The downside of living among mortals is needing to keep up the pretense of work.
Later, after dinner has been eaten and the mess cleaned, after the lights have been turned off and they lay shrouded in darkness with their naked limbs tangled together and Cas’ head is pillowed on Dean’s chest, Dean can feel Cas hesitate. His mouth opens and closes several times, the faint scratch of stubble rubbing over Dean’s skin in a way that has Dean turning his gaze downward with a frown.
Dean pours their wine, emptying the bottle, as Cas checks the sauce and clicks the burner off with a nod.
He turns his attention to the array of picked over baked good with a sigh just for something to do while she pours his coffee.
“I have wanted you here from the beginning.” Dean nods. “Now eat,” Dean says as he gestures to the platter in front of them.
After the first week, Dean asks Cas to show him how the drain works so
Dean bites his tongue and forces himself to concentrate as he carefully pulls baby into the parking space and kills the engine with a sigh.
Cas feels his cheeks heat and he nods. “I,” he starts to say before shaking his head and then nodding again. “If you are.” The thought that Dean might not be ready hadn’t even crossed his mind before he made the suggestion and now that is all he can think about.
“Dean,” Benny says, tone tired and skeptical.
Cas flinches a smile before chewing his lip. His blue eyes are full of hesitation. “For the patience it took not to tell you.”
“You’re like an octopus,” Cas mutters through his laugh as Dean weaves their legs together and digs his fingers into Cas’ ribs to pull him ever closer.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas’s voice washes over him and instantly soothes his frazzled nerves, even as rough and gravelly as it is.
Eventually, Dean shifts to lay flat on the bench and Benny takes over watching the darkened world go by.
“Dean is a good man,” Cas says with the deepest conviction.
Benny leans back in his chair with his arms crossed over his chest. “We got two options. The green room TV, or smack dab in the middle of the front row. We got a roped off area for the cameras, plenty of space for the two of us.”
They trade silly kisses until they’re both grinning wide and laughing so loudly that Sam knocks on the door with a grumpy call to knock it out.
The overwhelming problems in his life fade away as he stares into Dean’s lust darkened eyes and feels sharp nails dig into his forearms. Dean tightens around him, sending shards of jagged pleasure shooting down his spine fast enough to make him bury his face in the crook of Dean’s neck with a grumble of dissent. “Dean,” Cas chastises against the warm skin under his nose. He sucks in a deep breath, grounding himself in the faint smell of something uniquely
“Come on, let me make you a drink, on the house,” she pulls back with a gentle smile. “Tell me about him while you wait.”
“Dean?” Castiel’s voice comes from the entryway of the kitchen, whisper-soft and unsure enough to make Dean spin on his heels and meet his gaze with a soft smile. “I’m sorry if I went too far, I didn’t mean…”
Sam takes a long drink and settles back with a hum.
The door to the front office creaks open and timid looking face peers through, drawing Dean’s attention like a buzzard to roadkill.
Cas sighs. “Dean, I don’t want you paying my way…”
“You’re thinking too hard,” Cas grumbles as he pushes up onto his elbow to stare down at Dean.
He nods, a shiver rolling up his spine until he’s compelled to drift forward and capture Dean’s pouty lips in a soul-deep kiss. “Want you,” he mutters, the sensation reaching deep into his bones and dominating his thoughts.
The next pages hold photos of him and Jimmy growing up. Jimmy grew slower and smiled less than Cas. The more they grow, the easier they are to tell apart. One picture, with them together in the bathtub, covered in soap bubbles and Naomi laughing along with a chubby-cheeked Castiel as she held Jimmy upright, brings tears to Cas’ eyes.
Cas smiles at him like Dean is the most adorable thing he’s ever seen. “Dean, if you think for a moment that I would turn down a chance to be close to you, then I need to do a better job of showing you.” Cas leans forward and draws Cas into an easy kiss, one that’s full of promise and has Dean’s eyes fluttering closed.
“All of this to choose from and you go for
Dean nods, licking his too dry lips as he focuses on the sensations of the rope shifting slightly against his skin. “Peachy.” Suddenly, his stomach erupts in nervous flutters. This is it. What they’ve been working toward.
Unbelievable.
Only then does Cas realize the thin rivulets of crimson trailing down his hand and dripping from his fingertips. His eyes widen as Dean takes his bloodied hand in his and pushes back the sleeve of Cas’ robe.
“We’ll be at my house in about ten minutes, wanna grab dinner first or order something for delivery when we get there?” Dean asks as he reaches across the bench seat and laces their fingers together.
Dean huffs and shakes his head. “If I’m not allowed to talk bad about myself, neither are you.” He drops a hand and daringly smacks Cas’s ass as best he can through his ever-present dress slacks and Cas barks a startled laugh.
“Dean,” Sam bites, clearly onto his brother. He shakes his head in annoyance. “Cas, please call Charlie. Don’t let Dean call that two-bit slimeball of a reporter to break the news.”
Cas swallows hard and nods, mouth suddenly going dry at the thought. He would like that, very much.
“Alright, this ought to do us. Dean, would you come over here, please?” James starts talking but it takes Dean a moment to comprehend his words and Cas is leading him across the room before Dean’s mind catches up.
Dean is pulled roughly from his rambling thoughts by a firm smack on his denim-clad ass and a low growl in his ear from Cas.
Except, that isn’t what Dean see and his heart flutters as he takes in the gently upturned corners of Cas’s lips.
Dean shifts his hips, struggling to adjust himself inside his pants without being too obvious about doing so, but Cas hones in on the motion as if he were expecting it. He clucks his tongue and shakes his head so Dean counters by closing his lips around those fingers still in his mouth and swirling his tongue around them seductively while giving a gentle suck.
Benny leads the way and Cas follows through the winding hallways. The roar of a crowd grows louder the closer they get until the wail of a guitar silences them all momentarily. Cas recognizes the opening chords of one of Dean’s most popular songs before the crowd screams and drowns out the music entirely.
Cas’ brow furrows in confusion as he tries to piece together the words. He thinks he knows what Dean wants but he can’t bring himself to comply. His heart squeezes and tears pool in his eyes. His entire body hurts and he just can’t. “No,” He says, purposely keeping his tone soft and pleading, hoping Dean might understand.
“I promise,” Cas says as he reaches out to grasp Dean’s wrist lightly and draw the man’s attention.
If you do, read this and decide what's best for you.
“I hope it’s okay that I left my sweats in the bathroom,” Cas says apologetically as he settles on the opposite end of the couch from Sam. He doesn’t meet the younger man’s gaze, opting instead to stare at the television despite not having a clue what show is playing.
“We’d hate to impose,” Dean starts before trailing off. “Are you sure?” He looks up at Cas and shrugs. “Alright, we’ll see you at seven. Just need your address.” Dean waves for Cas to find him something to write with.
Dean scrubs a hand over his face and shakes his head harshly. “Why?” Dean stares and swallows hard with a stricken look.
The stench of rejection grows and Dean growls his frustration and struggles to push away from the wall where Cas has him pinned. “I’m just gonna get out of your hair, this is stupid. I’m being stupid.”
“Bingo!” She cheers.
For the next several minutes, Dean can do little but stare up at Cas as he takes what he wants, fucking himself on Dean’s cock like it belongs to him. As far as Dean is concerned, it does.
Sam sighs and shakes his head, chewing on his lip in a clear moment of indecision. “It’s just…” He pauses to take a breath before meeting Dean’s gaze directly. “You two seem to be moving really fast” He blurts out as his eyes widen, fixating on Dean’s throat. “What happened to your neck?”
Dean lets out a deep breath and sends a quick thanks to the gods for his father’s grace. “Thank you, sir.”
Sam looks up with a narrow-eyed glare, clearly annoyed at the interruption. “I’m not his babysitter, Dean” He sasses, cocking his head for best effect.
Dean chuckles. “Good” He mumbles, still flying high from his realizations of the night before. Why it took Cas literally beating it into him, Dean will never understand; but he’s thankful nonetheless. “What’s on the list for today?” He pushes himself up to sit and Cas follows, twining their fingers together.
“I need you to open your legs now. Drop your knees to the side, just relax” Cas guides Dean’s knees apart until he’s lying fully exposed with nothing left to hide. His cheeks flush hot in embarrassment from the position but Castiel’s steady touch stoking down the inside of his thighs remind him that Cas is the only one seeing him like this. Cas
He shouldn’t. Cas shouldn’t care. Dean is little more than a means to an end. Protection against the brutish Vikings he’s found himself surrounded by.
“Cas,” Dean says, stepping into Cas’s space and placing a hand on the wall beside him as he strokes Cas’s cheek with the other. “Look at me, please.”
“What?” Dean asks through his mouthful of potatoes as Cas pushes his empty bowl away from himself. “You gonna eat your toast?” Cas shakes his head slowly, in awe of Dean’s ability to demolish a plate of food that could have easily fed three people. “Mind if I?”
“So you and Dean are together.” Samuel drawls as Cas leans over the cooler to grab Charlie’s beer.
Cas nods. “Very much so.” He can feel his cheeks flush and he looks away, suddenly unable to meet Dean’s gaze.
He settles back against his tree with an angry huff and crosses his ankles with his arms folded over his chest. Sam doesn’t understand.
He shakes his head again and pulls in a deep breath as he forces his chin high. “I’m done,” he says to himself with a nod. “Fuck Mick, Fuck Zachariah, and Fuck this.”
“Wa…wait,” Dean urges when Cas gets his trembling hands on his belt and starts to pull.
” Crowley turns to Cas with a shark-like smile. Crowley rolls his eyes, and his whole head with them, “not like that, you imbecile.
That only leaves faculty meetings.
“We’re going to listen to that message together.” Cas wiggles his fingers and doesn’t back down.
Dean reaches forward and grips the monk’s arm tightly, spinning him so that Dean presses up against his back with his sword still trained on the soft skin of Castiel’s throat.
He’s faced this torment for years. Every fiber of his eternal being demands that he bring order to the long-neglected flower beds and each day he refuses to give in to his nature.
“Fuck, Dean. You’re amazing” Castiel praises and Dean preens.
Which was almost everything.
They discuss the case for a bit, but there is no possible way they can turn the scant information they have into a three-hour conversation. So, Dean heaves a deep breath and settles in for the long haul. Classic rock blaring from the speakers discourages further conversation and the way Cas is staring out the side window gives Dean the impression that his thoughts are equally as sour.
Dean shrugs. “Maybe. I’m looking for information about ‘Hands of God’”
This is fine. This is family.
Cas grins even as his cheek heat. He shrugs, trying to put his feelings into words that don’t involve the three-word combination of I and love and you. “I plan on holding onto you too.”
Dean sucks in a breath as he eyes a space and mentally judges the distance before he pulls up alongside the car in front of it. “Can you just tell me I’m being an ass next time I do something stupid? I’m an idiot and I don’t…”
They both whimper when Dean’s fingers snake inside Cas’ pants and take hold of his aching length for the first time. Cas’ pushes his linen pants down enough for Dean to work his cock free and drag Cas into a messy kiss that has their teeth knocking together almost painfully before Dean twists his wrist and tugs.
Dean nods. “Don’t leave him hanging on my account,” Dean says with a smile and Cas gives him a grateful look before putting the device to his ear.
“Keep your hands off him,” Dean growls and Cas huffs as he ignores Dean’s bluster.
Cas tilts his head as he watches Dean speak, letting out a faint huff of amusement. “In that case, perhaps we should do this somewhere more...neutral?”
He had no idea.
Cas’s jaw clenches and he gives a jerky nod. “That doesn’t explain why
“You know, I hear that all the time, but something about the way you say it is different.” Dean steps closer and Cas’ breath hitches when he catches the clean scent of Dean’s aftershave.
The suggestion had seemed like a good idea at the time.
He needs the money too much.
Dean’s tongue darts out to catch as much as he can but he remains still, letting Castiel decide what he gets. Hot come drips down Dean’s chin and throat and he
“I caught this snake in the act of raping the Christian,” Dean says, tone flat as he nods to Castiel. His heart hammers in his chest as he glares at Alastair while casting worried glances toward the monk curled on the ground.
Dean reaches over and clicks off the light and kisses the top of Cas’ head again. “G’night, Cas,” Dean whispers into Cas’ hair.
John holds up a hand and shakes his head. “I’d rather not know.”
This is all too overwhelming and he needs the comfort of his oldest friend.
Someday, he’ll be okay.
Cas lets his eyes slide closed and he forces himself to take a deep breath. He hasn’t told anyone what had happened and he wonders how it is that the Norsemen who know, who were there, haven’t said anything that has reached the ears of his brothers.
Now it’s Dean’s turn to stare, slack-jawed and wide-eyed as Cas stares out the window. “Not fair.”
“Do you remember any of this from before?” Sam asks as he turns to Dean with hesitation in his hazel eyes.
The added pressure draws a whimper from Cas and his eyes start to water. “Dean,” he whispers, bringing his free hand up to gently shake Dean’s arm.
Since that moment, everything has changed and his muddied emotions will only bring him trouble.
Dean swallows hard, heart hammering in his chest. He nods against Castiel’s leg. “Yeah” He manages to rasp. “Gonna need a safe word though”
Cas’ brows furrows and he tilts his head in confusion at Sam’s surprised expression. “I don’t understand, why wouldn’t he let me drive?”
“Thanks,” he mutters, barely able to force himself to meet her eyes. “I’m going to be late.”
Dean shrugs. “Some things are worth being late for.”
Gadreel shrugs. “Metatron has work to do.”
that Cas has come so far in the last two years.
“So you had a previous interaction with the victim?” The officer arches a brow and Cas glowers.
Cas bucks his hips when the first hot drip lands at the base of his cock and he cries out, voice hoarse and high. “Too much?” Dean quickly asks, tone laced with worry as he pulls the candle back sharply.
Jessica nods and turns to walk away, still wiping her eyes and Cas watches after her, stunned that his little book that was more of a ranting manifesto meant anything to anyone.
He flashes a grin into the rearview mirror and Cas rolls his head on his shoulders in sarcastic annoyance before returning his gaze to the mirror.
Dean closes his eyes and throws his head back, unable and unwilling to escape as the power of Cas’ thrusts push him up the mattress until his head begins to knock against the headboard.
Cas shifts the phone into his other hand and turns away from Dean. “No. Yes. Chuck isn’t crazy,” Cas says before turning his head to look at Dean over his shoulder. “Yeah, he’s right here,” Cas says with a tender smile as he turns back around and pulls the screaming phone from his ear. “Anna would like to speak with you.”
Cas narrows his eyes into a glare and clenches his jaw as Dean’s water skin falls to the ground without Cas attempting to catch it. Dean’s meaning is clear enough and Castiel is not at all pleased to be told what to do by this hedonistic monster of a man.
Rufus narrows his dark eyes at Dean, watching as he steps forward with his hand outstretched and a shaky smile on his face.
“Castiel!” A voice calls from behind him as he reaches the end of the block and he turns with a pinched brow.
doesn’t negate their value.”
“Dean,” Cas whines, “stop messing up my hair.” His blue eyes are wide and worried and Dean can’t help but think that it isn’t fair how edible Cas looks in the black tuxedo.
“You’re here,” Cas says a little breathlessly.
“Should I bring enough for everyone?” Cas offers, already mentally calculating how many tacos he’d need to feed the entire band plus whoever else might be around. He loses count when Dean’s grin turns blinding and he leans in for another quick kiss.
He glances back up to see Cas still staring with that soft smile playing on his lips and Gadreel and Inias embroiled in deep conversation, not paying him any attention. Dean allows himself to return Cas’ smile and give the monk a curt nod only to see Cas’ smile grow.
Michael nods, a smile growing. “Father was furious.”
gets to hear, and Dean makes a promise to himself to never take that privilege for granted. He thrusts up forcefully, meet Cas on each drop before grinding his pelvis against the swell of Castiel’s ass when he pauses before lifting again.
Cas looks up from where he’s typing on Dean’s phone with a startled expression. “No, uh, it’s a Motorola.”
becomes the highlight of the year.
When he glances back, he notices Cas watching him and he swallows hard as he abandons the history lesson.
“Y...yes,” Dean manages to croak and Cas grins.
He pushes away from his desk and the plans he’s been developing for a new raised garden at the senior center down the street and hurriedly shrugs on an old flannel before shoving his feet into a pair of boots and storming out the front door.
“Cassie,” Gabriel chokes out and holds him tighter as he buries his chin against Cas’s shoulder.
“Tell me what you want, baby,” Dean whispers, preening at the way Cas is trembling beneath him.
Cas holds up a silencing hand and shakes his head with an amused smile. “A little weird, very unexpected but I am not going to complain,” he says with a saucy wink that his heart just can’t support.
Cas narrows his eyes and frowns. He doesn’t understand all of Dean’s words but his tone isn’t scolding. Dean almost sounds disappointed.
Dean scowls and Sam opens his mouth to disagree when Cas reaches across the table to rest his hand over Mary’s.
Dean sighs and leans back in his chair. “I dunno, a few weeks?”
He may as well be a puppet to Dean’s ministrations, but he goes easily when Dean climbs in beside him and draws Cas to his broad chest.
Cas screams and struggles to escape and Sam is quick to help contain him, muttering softer words that Dean hopes are promises of safety.
He’s a coward.
Not that he doesn’t want to help.
“Cas?” Dean questions, his voice small and confused.
Cas wakes before his alarm, the emotional weight of last night causing his heart to flutter happily as he watches the dappled rays of dawn’s light Dean’s features just enough to make out his golden lashes and the smattering of faint freckles that spread over the bridge his nose and across his cheeks.
“What do you want?” Jarl Samuel demands and Cas does his best to hide the way he trembles.
Dean flashes a boyish grin and tosses a clean dish towel towards his brother. “And no soap on the cast iron” He points towards Sam chest, his playful expression turning serious. “And make sure it’s all the way dry. I don’t wanna be eating rust”
business,” he says while eyeing the class critically. “But yes, we have another date tomorrow night.”
Dean continues to work, breaking the locks off heavy wooden creates to check their worthless contents with muttered disgust. His father will not be pleased. These monks seem to value parchment over gold and this does not bode well for their raid.
Dean nods and runs his tongue over his teeth. “Ok. But, I wanna know what it feels like first” He strips his shirt over his head before Cas can protest. He picks up one of the candles and lets the wax dribble over his palm. He lets out a slight hiss in anticipation of the burn, but the heat is significantly less than expected and dissipates quickly.
“Cas…” Dean leans closer and puts a hand on Cas’s shoulder.
Dean surges up to meet him, tears welling in his eyes; whether from the sting in his ass or the affirming words Castiel has been impressing upon him doesn’t really matter. “Need you” Dean mutters when they eventually break away. His hand snakes between them to grip Cas’ erection lightly. “Need to see” He stares into Castiel’s eyes, ready to beg with the beginning of tears welling in his eyes.
Dean notices the sideways glance Cas gives him when Dean drops his hand, but the monk doesn’t give any other indication of missing the touch or being glad it’s gone. He simply keeps walking.
.” Dean waves his hands dramatically as a horrified grimace spreads over his features. “She threatened my pie, man!”
He was too proud to call Sam or Bobby.
He rubs his eyes again as the pit in his stomach grows. She doesn’t need him anymore, he should go back to his apartment.
“You are,” Cas says as he forces down the corners of his lips to keep from laughing. “You’re very smart.” He pats Dean’s hand three times, smile only cracking when Benny snorts a laugh.
Of course, Cas chuckles and shakes his head, determined to send Dean into an early grave.
Cas gazes thoughtfully ahead, he knows Dean doesn’t want his pity, doesn’t need it, so he swallows down the urge to say something that might embarrass him. “My parents always thought zoos were cruel. Keeping wild animals behind bars when they should be free. They didn’t understand the conservation benefit that zoos have for those animals, for the species they represent.”
Dean nods. “I’m a huge Led Zepplin fan. In high school, Charlie decided we should do karaoke and classic rock was my jam. It’s how I was ‘discovered’.” Dean puts the word in air quotes and Cas can’t help the way his head tilts curiously. “If you like classic rock, I know just the song I’m gonna sing for you when I win.”
Only Gadreel remains within his reach and the man is as solemn as the funeral prayers they would chant when their brothers were called home to God.
“Why you little shit…get out!” Cas gripes, voice rising as he points at the open door.
Cas chews his lip and furrows his brow as he tries to place Benny’s words. His head tilts as he considers and his confusion provides a slight distraction from his fears. Benny’s eyes are soft and his arms hang loosely at his sides. Not threatening.
Missy’s hand reaching for him across the counter catches his attention and he turns his attention back to his friend with a hard swallow. “Ass,” Cas grumbles under his breath bitterly as he shakes off the need to confront the dick in the back of the store.
Dean nods absently.
Bobby tracks Dean’s motion with an ever-growing scowl before turning his glare to Dean. “What the hell you doin, boy?”
Dean’s breath hitches and looks up to meet Cas’ predatory gaze. A forbidden thrill zips up down his spine to settle low in his belly as he hurries to divest Cas of the cummerbund blocking the view of his belt.
He realizes his error the instant he crosses the threshold and Dean pushes to his feet swiftly, wide green eyes trained on Castiel’s every motion. Cas freezes and his heart slows just enough to begin pounding. “Apologies, Dean,” He blurts automatically as he lowers his gaze and backs himself against the closed door.
Cas listens closer and has to stifle a laugh as Dean’s voice croons through the speakers. One of his current popular songs, one he surely sang at the concert last night that Cas finds himself belatedly wishing he had paid attention too. “Don’t act surprised.”
“We weren’t doing anything” Dean grumbles as he shoulders his way past Castiel, throwing his brother an equally scathing look.
Cas nods and sucks in a shuddering breath. “You first, come on. Come for me,” Cas demands, each word punctuated with a harsh thrust of his hips as his hand joins Dean’s in stripping his cock.
“Sure.” Dean settles next to him, one leg tucked underneath so his body is facing Cas with his shoulder against the back of the sofa. In the soft light of the living room, Dean’s hair looks soft and dark, his freckles nearly invisible across his cheeks and bridge of his nose.
Sam shrugs. “Not entirely. You don’t remember?”
Cas bites his tongue to keep from smiling.
Sex between them is great. Amazing even, but the warmth that fills Cas’ chest when he can simply hold Dean as they fall asleep and then wake up with Dean wrapped around him. Even though they spend most of their time apart, Cas can’t imagine not having Dean in his life.
“Tomorrow?” Cas squeaks, panic coloring his tone. “Gabe, I, tomorrow isn’t good.” He looks to Dean with wide eyes.
Benny laughs again and settles back into his chair. “Can’t say I didn’t remind ya,” he says easily as he takes a sip from his can of coke. “Don’t come cryin to me when you turn into a lobster.”
Cas takes a deep breath and nods. He refuses to tell them what misfortune befell him. “I…” He pauses and licks his lips, preparing to deliver a half-truth that may as well be a lie. “Dean beheaded someone and made me watch. It was… very upsetting,” he says with his eyes downcast and his brothers gasp with their hands covering their mouths.
“One more day,” Dean mutters to himself as his tremors slow and he swallows hard against the bile rising in his throat. “One more day.” He reminds himself of his promise to take this one day at a time.
Dean sighs and shakes his head sadly as he reaches out to ghost his fingertips along Castiel’s jaw.
Cas’ stomach quails with hopelessness at the sight of another piece of the putrid fish and his cheeks flush with a fresh wave of irritation before he sighs in defeat.
Dean’s answer is almost immediate.
That is enough.
“Such a good boy for me, Dean,” Cas coos, loud enough for his voice to carry and Dean feels hi torn between pride and embarrassment. His skin flushes, from his toes to his ears as he does his best to focus on Cas and shove down the new nerves dancing in his stomach. “Now, where were we?” Cas pushes to his feet as he looks over his shoulder and nods for James to approach.
“Cas?” Dean’s lips part as if he can’t believe the man in front of him. “Charlie said you were, well…you, but damn. I liked your picture but I didn’t expect...” Dean snaps his jaw shut and swallows hard as he shakes his head. “I’m rambling.”
“Guys, come on,” Dean huffs.
Cas narrowly resists stroking his fingers over his mother’s smiling face. He doesn’t remember her ever smiling like that.
Cas sighs through the butterflies threatening to fly out of his stomach and nods. “Thank you.”
Missy grins. “Perfect.”
“Meg.” Dean shakes his head as his expression morphs into a mask of disbelief.
The man cocks a smile that is nowhere near convincing. “I wanna overpower someone. I want them to struggle and fight while I fuck them, beg me to stop.”
“Nevermind,” Dean quickly changes the subject. “Just gotta grab a case of Margikugels for Bobby and Ellen and then we’ll be on our way.” He pushes the door to get out and doesn’t miss the way the nervous smile playing on Castiel’s lips quickly morphs into a smirk as the man squares his shoulders.
Cas nods weakly and sucks in a deep breath as he brushes his fingers against Dean’s, asking permission.
“Forgive me?” Dean asks, his voice small as he squeezes Cas tighter and starts to sway slightly.
So here Cas is, trying to remain invisible in this hall of men and women who have been brought here to ogle the Jarl’s riches, himself included.
Cas huffs. “My car is just fine to make the trip. Just because it isn’t some sleek muscle car...”
Deep and rough, far rougher than would sound healthy but somehow it works on him.
“Kinktober, Dean” Cas frowns, cocking his head slightly as he glances back to his computer screen. “It says here that Day one is for Deepthroating, Inflation, Masks and Facesitting” He looks back to Dean innocently.
“Don’t you have an exam tomorrow?” Dean asks sleepily as he pushes himself upright and tugs his computer closer. He’s loose and relaxed with no interest in continuing his research right now.
Dean huffs, shaking his head. “I get that. You’re as stubborn as me and you won’t change your mind. But you’re just as important to me, Cas. Don’t risk your life to protect me, when losing you would destroy me”
“I am,” Dean protests again, jutting out his lower lip and turning to Cas with a scandalized expression.
Castiel narrows his eyes at Dean, silently demanding that the hunter not take his frustrations out on his younger brother.  A werewolf means they’re likely to be outside the entire night, and Dean won’t want to find a hotel when they’re done to simply sleep for a few hours before heading home. He shares in Dean’s foul mood, but there is nothing to be done for it.
Cas smiles softly and nods. “Yes. You were talking about bad ideas I believe” He pauses for a moment, considering the man seated at the edge of the bed. “I promise you I will never willingly allow myself to be possessed again” He steps forward to take the hard edge of Dean’s jaw in hand to tilt the hunters head upwards and leans down to press a gentle kiss to the man’s lips. “I promise”
Marv is obnoxious.
Dean drops Cas’ arm with a huff and shakes his head. “Cas, come,” He bites before he turns away and starts to walk toward the longhouse.
He never should have brought him here in the first place.
“Then have it with Dean, by all means.” Balthazar steps ahead of Cas in line and places his order before gesturing for Cas to do the same. “My treat.”
Cas opens immediately and the bottom drops out of his stomach in the best way. He takes a step backward, toward the bed, and Dean follows as he swallows down every whimper and moan that Castiel offers him. “Dean,” Cas whines, wanting and needing so much all at the same time. “Please.” He’s almost ready to beg.
“I’ll follow you,” Sam says as he pushes from his seat and grabs his to-go box.
Several of the young monk’s eyes widen and they swallow hard as they listen. The Vikings look between one another and the monks with trepidation, uncomfortable with not understanding what is being said.
He texts his longtime friend and colleague just as another message from Dean arrives.
angry. Dean did cost him a substantial sum.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says defiantly, lifting his chin to meet the other man’s gaze with a glare of his own.
Cas’ fingers toy with the lacing at the collar of Dean’s shirt, silently lost in thought. He takes his time answering and for a moment, Dean thinks he won’t say anything at all. “Sometimes…” Cas says before trailing off, “I trust God has a plan for me, but I have questions. I…I have doubts. I don’t know what I am anymore.”
“No, Dean. It’s not, it isn’t anything.” panic overwhelms him and he shakes his head as he swallows thickly.
“You look great, Cas.” Dean tweaks Cas’ bowtie once more for good measure. “Not sure why you’re complaining.”
“I agree with Dean, sir. I feel that it would be best for all involved for Dean to take custody of this man,” Sam says, knowing full well his effect on their father.
“I don’t get it?” Meg demands, brows arches as she brings a hand to her chest dramatically. “What I don’t get it why
Dean continues to rant as he shifts Baby into park but his voice is drowned out by the rushing sound in his ears as he stares at the profile of the man in the offending car.
He needs to touch Cas, feel him safe and whole beneath his hands.
Dean silently steps up beside him and takes Cas’ hand gently as he shakes with tears.
Cas swallows hard as butterflies threaten to swarm in his stomach. Dean already wants a next date?
Sam frowns and swallows hard as he gives his head a jerk to the side. “Just one.”
Penis.
Gabriel takes a glance toward Cas and nods. “Well, in that case.” Gabriel stands and dusts off his hands on his linen trousers. “We shouldn’t wait here and let them get themselves killed.”
Dean nods as he chews and thankfully waits until he swallows to speak. “Only if you want to, I mean, not gonna force you to kiss me.”
Dean scoffs. “An academic who’s entire focus is religion. Dude, you could give the Pope a run for his money.”
Not about how his parents cut him out of their lives when they found out he liked men a hell of a lot more than women.
Cas shrugs “He apologized.” Cas sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose, cursing his weakness and Dean’s irresistibility. If he hadn’t overreacted in the first place, he could have saved them both some worried heartache.
Either way, the money to be made on Sunday nights isn’t worth the trouble.
Cas finally pauses in his assessment and simply stares as he struggles to catch his breath. Dean watches the way the muscles of Cas’ throat flex and his chest heaves as his wide eyes slowly narrow into a slight glare. “Dean okay?” Cas asks softly and Dean nods.
“I don’t intend to.” Dean steps through the door, followed closely by Balthazar.
Shit. His address.
“Then don’t.” Cas huffs and he drops his gaze with a hard swallow. She could, she could arrest him and then he wouldn’t have to worry about rent anymore. He’d have to worry about protecting himself in jail.
On some level, it probably does.
Dean lets out a heavy breath. “He left a message.”
He should have mentioned his age.
“You weren’t supposed to be here until tomorrow.” Cas flinches a smile, finally remembering why he was so panicked to see Gabriel in the first place. Perhaps this surprise is for the best.
“But you’ve been refusing food and water?” Gabriel finishes for him. He knows his brother’s mulish stubbornness all too well.
“Please” Dean whimpers, adjusting his hips underneath Cas. His cock is so hard he swears he can feel his pulse throbbing within the organ and the pressure of Cas on top of him is nearly driving him mad. “Please Cas”
Dean frowns and his throat goes dry as his stomach twists uncomfortably. Finally, he swallows hard and nods. “I must take justice.”
Staying in was a brilliant idea.
Castiel will be needing it often.
“Aww, come on, Cas, just a simple hello?” Dean asks into the microphone, much to the crowd’s delight. “You see, Cas here is a Professor at the University, one of the most brilliant men I’ve ever met. I’m not sure what he’s doing slumming it with a dumb musician like me, but I sure am glad he is.” Dean winks at Cas as the crowd screams their protest of Dean’s self-deprecation.
The aborted snort of laughter from Benny nearly has Cas breaking but thankfully, Dean doesn’t have a good line of sight to see his friend’s knowing expression.
Dean is glad for the soft way Cas is staring at him, but he still feels a not so small amount of self-loathing brewing deep in his gut.
“Idiot is lucky they didn’t kill him,” Balthazar says derisively.
Dean’s stomach twists, his suspicion confirmed. “Hey,” Dean says, nudging the underside of Cas’ chin just hard enough to convince him to open his eyes. “No shaming, remember? If you’re interested in something, tell me.”
Dean lets out a rush of breath and leans forward to capture Cas’ lips in a deep kiss. “Gods, Cas. Really?”
“What? I was hopeful.” Dean shrugs. “I want to be with you, okay?” He runs his fingertips over Cas’ jaw and bends down to kiss him gently.
“So, we’ll grab a bite to eat, see if anyone here knows anything and then we’ll track down the family of last month’s victim” Sam drones on, leaning his elbows against Baby’s hood as he watches Dean arch his back and twist in his stretching.
He lets out a heavy breath and sinks in his chair. “What would you do then?”
“You hurt him and I will destroy you,” Charlie whispers menacingly in his ear and Cas somehow doesn’t doubt her. “I mean it. I can make you wish you were never born.”
For the last three weeks, having Cas to snuggle up to every night and commiserate with during every too early morning has made him feel more alive than he has in years. He has something to look forward to, someone to lean on when his hands tremble just a little too much, and the lingering whispers in his mind plant seeds of doubt.
Dean chuckles darkly and continues, hastening his movements as he scoots lower until he lowers his lips a hair’s breadth from the crown of Cas’s cock and looks up at him through his lashes.
“You think it’s that easy?” Michael folds his arms over his chest and glares. “You made your choice, you cannot hold us responsible for damning yourself to hell.”
She takes a deep breath and watches Cas flip through the tattered pages, not yet ready to sign. “I was homeschooled, raised in the church, my parents…” she trails off and shakes her head. “They insisted I was their son and boys don’t wear dresses.” She takes a deep breath, watching Cas warily for his reaction. He flinches a smile and nods, already beginning to understand. “You gave me the strength to get out, to be who I know I am. I can’t thank you enough.” Her eyes are watering Cas’ heart is cracking wide open, threatening to spill tears down his cheek.
Cas’ breath catches when Dean reaches for him, his fingers wrapping around Cas’ wrist to tug him upward. Cas resists Dean’s pull and crooks his fingers instead, seeking out that magical spot inside of Dean that has the man arching off the bed with a surprised cry.
When Cas’ response isn’t forthcoming, Dean ignores the whiskey drunk voice in his head telling him that he doesn’t deserve anything good in his life and pockets his phone before heading out the door.
Dean’s fingers tighten around Cas’ wrist and he tugs harder, demanding Cas crawl his way up Dean’s body for a soul-deep kiss. “Please, Cas, m’ready,” Dean mutters against Cas’ lips as he arches his back to press their bodies together. Cas indulges him, pressing down so their hard lengths brush, eliciting a groan from them both.
He heard enough of those from his father.
Dean groans and turns his face toward the source of delicious warmth he can sense at his side. The only bright spot in his bleak world of darkened torment.
Not when Dean keeps prodding at his slit with that genius tongue before sinking down with all the suction of a vacuum and threatens to send him careening over the edge and into oblivion.
“Huh?” He scrubs his hand over his face and looks up into those bright green eyes, crinkled at the corners with Dean’s fond smile. “Sorry.”
“Please, Cas,” Dean spreads his knees to allow Cas to settle into the space between. The first press of their groins together has stars flashing behind Dean’s eyes and his entire body trembles with the force.
Common, everyday objects that are still used today. Dean is awed that so much has changed and yet the little things that hold their world together have barely changed at all.
Dean rolls over and props himself up on an elbow with a grimace. “Hey,” He says softly as he nudges Cas’ shoulder. “Was that okay?” Dean chews his lip and Cas hates the uncertainty clouding Dean’s post-orgasmic bliss.
Dean sits forward, leaning his elbows on the table. “He wanted....fuck Sam just leave it alone. Please” He shoves his chair back and stands, turning his back to Sam and he scrubs a hand over his face. “Everything we do is something we both want”
“PUT THE GUN DOWN!” Sam shouts as he runs toward them, his own pistol drawn.
Cas watches Dean go with rapt interest and he can’t help but wonder how long he can milk the situation and how far Dean will be willing to baby him. In the meantime, he shifts so that he can tug his shorts just a little bit lower before getting back into position just as Dean calls out that he found the pills.
“Take them off” Cas orders softly, giving Dean a gentle nod.
He does not want to see the same look mirrored in Castiel’s soulful blues.
He only wanted to do something nice for his friend.
“Beer please,” Ellen says as she pulls a stack of plates out of the cupboard.
Cas cries out as the angle changes and his prostate is rubbed with each pass of the man’s cock and he can’t help the low simmer of arousal building in his gut. He gives himself over, not bothering to clamp down the tremors making his balls begin to draw tight as the cock moving in him so carefully hits the right spot over and over again.
Dean swallows down his irritation and rubs Cas’ back between his shoulder blades and tries to ignore the need to stand up and punch Balthazar.
He isn’t afraid of Meg, not really, but he’d be a fool to not be a little nervous.
Dean lets out a laugh through his very manly tears and pulls back to wipe his eyes. “I’m supposed to be the one comforting you.”
Dean quickly looks away when Cas turns around but he catches the man’s smirk out of the corner of his eye. Dammit.
“Just helped with the production,” Cas quickly clarifies, begging with his eyes to change the subject.
Dean sends a quick prayer to Odin and Thor, asking for the strength to deliver justice. He begs the Valkyries for their favor and protection, if only to see him survive this fight and ensure Cas’ freedom.
Cas shakes his head. It’s not okay. He should never have brought the damn thing. He should have played it off casually instead of delving straight into an obvious panic. He should have known something like this would happen. “It’s nothing.”
“Good,” Cas says, leaning back into Dean’s space. “Now move. I’ve got to drain the spaghetti.”
He grinds down, relishing the feel of Cas’ hardness brushing against his own as he leans forward to reach for the lube. “So perfect, Cas, gonna feel so good inside me,” Dean mutters as he flicks open the cap and coats Cas swollen cock.
Bal rolls his eyes. “I swear, you’re hopeless. BDSM? A bratty sub? Or hell, maybe just a bratty bottom. Come on, Cassie, you’re killing me here.”
He nods. “Pretty sure we even have some shredded cheese.”
Cas tenses only slightly before chewing his lip and giving a hesitant nod. Dean wastes no time in pushing himself up and over, his knees now hugging Cas’ hips as he licks a trail across Cas’ collar bone and downward.
When she eventually pulls back, she smiles winningly despite the bloodied tissue still clasped in her hand and the watering of Castiel’s eyes. “You boys have fun now, don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” She winks at Dean before shooing them out the door and locking it behind them with a decisive click.
He arches his brow higher and meets Dean’s lust darkened eyes curiously, scarcely believing what he thinks he’s hearing. The ribbon of condoms lays within easy reach of Dean’s hand but the man makes no move to hand them over.
Dean nods and swallows hard. “Uh-huh,” he mutters, tilting his head curiously enough for Cas to continue as he dumps the pasta into the now boiling water.
The look of abject horror on Dean’s face is almost worth the misery Cas had suffered from that particular prank. He hadn’t been able to eat mayo or donuts for months after that incident.
Cas swallows hard. “I don’t know what to say, that’s…”
The cold helps to ground him and loosens up the stuffiness in his nose that can only come in the aftermath of his pitiful tears. No one is there to see him blow his nose into a wad of toilet paper after wrapping his scratchy towel around his dripping body and no one is there to see him brace his hands against the sink and stare into the porcelain bowl while he tries to collect himself.
Finally, he dismisses his only class of the afternoon five minutes early because he’s cannot withstand another second of this slow torture.
“Water?” Dean turns his head to ask, brow arched to make it clear he’s asking for a response.
Yes. That is what he shall do.
“Hey, Cas?” Sam calls from the living room and Dean rolls his eyes. The little prince must want his massage.
Cas swallows hard and looks out the window to save himself from looking at Dean. He can pretend all he wants that Dean’s words don’t make his heart ache and spirit reach out for the man, but he knows he isn’t fooling himself. Not when he’s pretty sure he feels the same.
Cas nods. “Yeah. I’m good.” He forces a smile as his eyes dart to where Bobby is engrossed in conversation with John and some other people whose names Cas doesn’t remember.
They stand wrapped around each other for several long moments and Cas basks in the safe warmth of Dean’s hold. He can barely remember how hot his hatred of Dean had glowed in the beginning through the comfort he finds now.
by the idea of Castiel and sex, and Dean hated himself just a little for making Cas think that.
And Dean trusts him, he really does.
She? Cas hadn’t mentioned he lived with a woman. He sucks in a breath and bites his lip as his stomach drops.
Bobby’s snort of annoyance and grumbled comment about Dean not showing up to work on time only fed her interest.
Cas whines but clamps down on his impending climax. If Dean doesn’t want him to come, then he’ll try his best to hold back. His hands find their way to grip Dean’s arms and he holds on tightly, pushing himself back on Dean’s cock with each thrust.
“Really, it’s okay. Don’t worry about it.” Dean waves a hand and stuffs his feelings into the strongest box he can find.
Dean yelling is pointless.
“This place is… interesting,” Dean comments as he carefully slips into a chair while eyeing Cas nervously.
Cas squeezes Dean’s hand and nods. “We are. Since Meg…well, I couldn’t afford my apartment on my own.”
Repeat.
“Wha?” Dean gapes, staring with wide eyes.
By the end of the day on Friday, Cas’ Continental is packed full of Dean and Sam’s things and the Impala isn’t faring much better. Cas goes shopping with Dean and Mary for food for the barbecue they’re holding tomorrow where Cas will meet the rest of Dean’s family and friends.
Samuel huffs but doesn’t bother commenting. “Ruby and Lilith then. You think they acted alone?” Samuel arches a brow and fixes Dean with a firm stare.
“You should have asked for help,” Cas chastises as he pushes to his feet to take the chips and one of the drinks from Dean’s full hands.
Cas watches with tightness in his chest as Dean pulls out an unopened box of condoms and he shakes his head at Dean’s smirk as the man tears open the cardboard and dumps the strip of foil packets on the bed.
Cas pinches a frown and nods before rolling away to collect his phone. “I have an idea.”
Dean nods. “We’ll be careful. Cas isn’t much of a drinker so he’ll drive if I have to too much.”
“No. Cas, you didn’t” Dean tugs Cas back down and he sends a prayer of thanks to Chuck that at least Cas is willing to stay. “Cas, look at me” Dean pleads, trying to turn Cas’ shoulders but the Angel may as well be made of stone. “Cas, please” Dean nearly whines, squeezing Castiel’s hand in his own. He’ll beg if he has to, he’ll grovel on his knees and kiss the polished black dress shoes Cas always wears if Cas doesn’t bend a little bit soon.
Dean doesn’t stop to question if he should shuck his boxers or leave them. Castiel will tell him what he wants, and if he wants Dean partially clothed, then Dean is excited to see where this goes. His cock is already hardening in his shorts as he turns himself to kneel and Cas pushes him forward with a firm hand between his shoulder blades.
“Stay,” Dean says as he shoves Cas into Gabriel’s arms.
“So it looks like we’re having sushi for dinner,” Cas says, bailing Dean out of the awkward hole he’s digging himself into.
Dean swallows thickly and nods against Castiel’s shoulder. “Yeah” He mutters, before drawing back and glancing around to make sure that Sam is out of earshot. “I want you to spend the day pumping me full of come” Dean whispers hotly against Castiel’s ear. “I’m wearing the plug you bought, I want to hold it all in for you” Dean’s voice drops an octave, purring with a low growl into Castiel’s ear. “How does that sound?”
Dean hums and nods, still staring at Cas. “Good, because I found some stuff last week that you’ve just got to try.” Dean slowly slides his hand up the inside of Cas’ thigh and gives him an overly innocent quirk of his brows as the words leave his mouth.
The barista rolls her eyes but takes his crumpled ten with a tense smile and dutifully counts out his change. Castiel is certain that deep down, Missy knows what he does but she refuses to mention it. Whether out of discomfort or politeness, he doesn’t know or care.
“That was not funny. Not at all.” Cas says, trying to sound as serious as he feels. That really was
“We gather our brothers, make a plan.” Gabe stops and spins to face Castiel. “Tell me, Cassie, are you ready for a real fight?”
Cas whimpers and his fingers dig into Dean’s hips. “Like what?” His voice comes out slightly high and Dean smiles at the waver in his tone.
Dean picks up the fish gingerly and Cas huffs with a smile as he leans close. “Do you not remember how Lucius taught us?” He chuckles as he adjusts Dean’s hold so he has one hand near the fish’s tail and the other just under its mouth.
“Uh, hi,” Dean says since it seems that Cas is too overwhelmed to talk.
“It isn’t my fault you decided to take three writing tier classes in the same semester.” Cas digs his fingers into a particularly sore knot and rubs it away as Dean whimpers.
Gorgeous.
Dean turns to him with a furrowed brow. “No?” He tilts his head as he reaches for his wallet. “I asked you out, social protocol says that I should pay.”
look.
“Oh no. You’re not getting off that easy.” Dean arches a brow right back but the corners of his lips twitch upward. No way is he going to let this go until he knows everything. He would be failing in his duties as an older brother to not torment Sam.
Dean swallows hard and stares, his internal thoughts begging him to let it go and be a good boy for Cas, but that little part of his that just
“Well, yeah. Sort of.” Dean pushes himself so that he’s hovering over Cas’ prone form. “But I wasn’t able to
“Want me to walk you down?” Benny asks as he folds his arms across his broad chest. The expression he aims at Castiel would be sobering if not for the red and white raccoon pattern Benny’s sporting from falling asleep in the sun earlier.
Dean steadfastly avoids the broccoli, knowing perfectly well how the cruciferous vegetable effects his digestive system. He does not want any problems with gas later. That would be
And why shouldn’t he? This entire situation is ridiculous and he thinks he finally understands what someone means when they say if they don’t laugh they’re gonna cry. Dean’s heart hurts, his stomach aches, but he can’t stop the erratic giggles threatening to burst free. “You got a little something.” Dean gestures to Cas’ cheek, pointing at the streak of glitter now stuck to his tan skin.
Dean sucks in a sharp breath and trembles as he nods. “Okay, Cas.”
Suddenly, Dean freezes. “Shit!”
“What do you want to start with?” Dean asks as he nudges Cas in the ribs gently. Everyone else is reaching for food to fill their plates and passing dishes back and forth. Everyone except Dean and Cas.
“You’re mine to unravel,” Cas says, nipping at the tender skin of Dean’s firm stomach. “Mine to take. Do you want me to take you, Dean?” Cas’ long fingers fumble with the button of Dean’s jeans even as Dean struggles to sit upright enough to pull his shirt over his head.
Meg huffs, the sound weaker than Dean remembers. “Don’t worry about that. Just promise me you’ll keep him away.”
Mick gasps and steps forward, his hand connecting this time as he lays his open palm on Cas’s shoulder. His eyes dance back and forth, searching Cas’s expression with startling intensity. “I’m so sorry, Steve. Is there anything I can do?” His gaze doesn’t waver and Cas swallows hard around the lump in his throat.
“And you. You all knew, didn’t you?” Dean tears his gaze away from Cas and points to his family. Mary and John both wear pleased grins but Dean knows that glimmer in his mom’s eyes all too well.
“Later.” Cas kisses Dean’s cheek as he nudges him into the bed.
Dean shakes his head as much as he’s able and his eyes slide closed. “I thought you left.” The relief he felt opening his eyes to see Cas begins to sour at the thought that Cas might have stayed just to make sure that Dean will survive and he’s been waiting to leave.
Cas seems to understand perfectly, twining his fingers through the hairs at the back of Dean’s head to hold him ever closer as a needy whimper builds low in his throat.
That isn’t fair. She knows he can’t deny her anything when she’s staring at him like that. “Are you sure?”
“Huh?” Gabe huffs and gives Sam a tired glare.
“Who else?” Dean shrugs with a devious little smile that a grown man should not be capable of. “Did you ever hear about what she did to a stalker I had back in the early days?”
The rest of the afternoon passes with increasingly easy banter as they chat about Dean’s love for pie, his pride for his little brother, and as Cas learns, his nearly unhealthy obsession with his Baby. That is, the 1967 Chevy Impala that Cas is now certain Dean loves more than he does himself.
Dean gasps and moans beneath him, urging Cas on with breathy pleas. Cas wraps his strong hands around Dean’s hips to hold him more securely as he fucks in and out of Dean’s hole. “So perfect Dean” Cas gasps as he snaps his hips forward to bury himself deep inside his lover. “Can you come from just this? Or do you want my hand too?” He asks, ever considerate.
Cas keens as the head of Dean’s dick breaches him, the stretch just this side of too much and the burn of so little prep making every nerve ending hyper aware. Dean slides in smoothly, all the way to the hilt in one slow thrust. Dean’s black eyes are inches from Castiel’s blue ones and Cas’ breath hitches at the sight, wanting both more and less at the same time.
Cas’ mouth drops open slightly, but he hesitates. Is Dean asking him if wants water, or if he’s had water? He doesn’t know what answer to give. He’s still thirsty, he needs more. “Yes?” He mutters in Norse, hoping that his answer gets him what he wants.
Cas smiles gently. “I agree” He reaches for Dean’s hand and laces their fingers together. “Is that all?”
“I would die for her,” Ezekiel says without hesitation and Dean breaks into a wide smile as his heart skips a happy beat.
Dean finds Cas in deep discussion with two of his brethren. He tries in vain to smother his surge of jealousy by reminding himself that those are the people Cas knows, the people he trusts, but his jaw clenches and his gaze hardens regardless of what logic tells him he should feel.
Dean sets his phone down and glances to Cas before snagging the device again and adding to his message.
“Oh?” Cas questions as he spins in Dean’s arms, sleep pants forgotten.
“Dean!” Cas cries out as Dean falls onto his back.
Mick guides him backward as he deepens the kiss until Cas is pressed against the warm metal of the car. His lips taste of stale menthol, sweet and cloying enough to make Cas whine low in his throat as Mick licks inside his mouth.
“You’re alive! I was beginning to think your little rock god was just keeping you chained to his bed.” Gabriel’s voice comes over the line and Cas can’t help the long-suffering sigh that escapes him.
Cas tilts his head with a hum before his tongue darts out to moisten his lips. “That depends on how quickly we get in there.”
Perhaps more remains of Dean of Winchester than Castiel had previously thought. The young boy with vivid green eyes and a smile to rival the sun might still exist somewhere inside of this hardened man.
For him to live only to be cast aside and left unwanted?
Dean cracks a smile and nods. “Yes. Mine.”
Dean shakes his head vigorously. “Not a chance.”
Cas studies his lover for a moment, reading Dean’s shy nervousness for exactly what it is. “If you’re sure” Cas gently pries the sound from Dean’s hand, his cock giving an encouraging twitch. He stokes along Dean’s cock, distracting Dean from what’s to come. “Just relax” He murmurs before releasing Dean to lube the sound.
Dean frowns, stomach squirming. “That what are you saying?”
Cas can’t help himself then. He tightens his fingers in the short hairs at the back of Dean’s neck and drags him into a heated kiss. The taste of their release on Dean’s tongue is bitter, salty, and the most thrilling thing Cas has ever tasted.
Dean’s response is quick to come.
Cas’ fingers linger on the door handle as Baby idles on the curb. The cavern opening in his stomach refuses to let his hand move to open the car door and his knee bounces awkwardly. “So, uh, thanks for today,” Cas says quietly without meeting Dean’s gaze.
Dean shakes his head. “You don’t know her. She’s a monster when she gets going. Hell hath no fury like an angry lesbian.”
Ten minutes later, Cas is staring at himself in the mirror and he has to admit, he looks good. Still like himself, but less formal. More relaxed and open.
and Cas?” Dean frowns, glaring at his brother.
Meg is waiting for him with a single pill held in the palm of her hand. “Something to take the edge off?”
“Doesn’t change how true it is. I’d rather face the devil himself,” Dean says as he shrugs into his leather jacket despite the warm air outside.
“I had breakfast, don’t worry,” Meg says, waving him off before resting a hand over her stomach and squeezes her eyes closed with a grimace.
“You already made it clear that you’re repulsed by the idea of sounding!” Cas throws his hands up in frustration before pinching the bridge of his nose.
“God, Cas,” Dean says as he rucks up Cas’ shirt. “Please, take this off?” He asks before tugging his lower lip between his teeth and turning pleading eyes on Castiel.
“You.” Dean points. “You put him up to this.”
Regret lances through his stomach immediately for his lack of consideration. Most of Cas’ scholarships come to him because of his hardships growing up. Being an impoverished orphan has proven rather advantageous to his financial aid situation and that has only added to the layer of guilt that Cas carries with him.
“Hmm?” Dean hums, his lips curling against Cas’ chest.
“Cool.” Dean nods but his staring doesn’t stop.
Dean turns on the landing, chest heaving with the exertion of their descent and stares with wide eyes. “But you two never…” he trails off, dragging his last syllable as he rotates his wrist in a circle while pointing toward Cas and shaking his head.
He hopes.
He knew Dean wouldn’t accept him. He
Ephraim steps to Balthazar’s other side and flinches a smile. “If a battle is coming, you will need healers. I cannot, in good conscience, leave.”
Cas huffs a disbelieving laugh and shakes his head before nodding. “Ok, just...tell me if I do something wrong.”
“Charlie, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to snap at you. I know you mean well.” There. He apologized. Not for his words, he refuses to let himself be ashamed of learning to fish so he wouldn’t starve.
Cas grins, remembering just how much he loves the banter between Charlie and Dean. They remind him of what he always imagined a normal sibling relationship would be.
“Cas,” she says simply. “Did he tell you about how he got sick?”
The pressure on his sac eases, only to move down to the base of the wide black plug. Deft fingers twist the firm rubber and Dean’s hips shoot off the bed, lodging his cock in the back of Castiel’s throat. “Cas!” Dean cries out, pleading.
“You want me to keep spanking you?” Castiel question, just to be certain. Dean nods but Cas clucks his tongue. “Words”
“Jerk.”
“Dean” Cas voice comes again, even softer than before as he settles a warm hand on Dean’s bare shoulder. “I do not wish to pressure you. We can keep going as we are if you would prefer. I will be happy as long as we are together, no matter what that entails”
“No way.” Cas shakes his head and stares down at his phone with a grimace. The little thumbs-up emoji stares back at him. Taunting him.
Cas cants his hips upward, locking eyes with Dean. “Please, Dean” He murmurs, needing to feel the man on top of him, inside him. Owning and consuming him.
Dean ducks his chin and cheeks redden curiously as he turns away to gather something from the table that Cas hadn’t noticed until now.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean gasps as Cas slides forward, inch by inch. His thighs tremble in Cas’ hands and tension is clear in his tight smile.
” Cas says, loud enough for Sam to hear and he’s rewarded by a full belly laugh from the younger Winchester.
“I want you to come, Dean” Cas growls as he delivers an almost too harsh thrust. Dean’s cock instantly agrees with that sentiment and his pleasure builds to almost painful levels. Dean gives Cas’ hip a squeeze, asking permission but Cas merely shakes his head, denying Dean’s desire to touch himself. The steady tingle in his lungs begins to travel south and Dean tenses as he begins to guess what might be happening.
Cas straightens his shirt and forces himself to take a deep breath before he rings the doorbell with Dean right beside him.
A lot.
As usual, his spot is deserted and he takes a deep breath as he leans against the corner of the brick building with a flirty smile plastered on his face. From his left, the faint bass of the gay club down the block fills the air, providing him a modicum of background noise to make the wait a little less torturous as his thoughts start to wander.
A soft click and blinding flash destroy that idea.
“From your dreams?” Sam says with a strong infusion of disbelief.
A glance at the microwave tells him that it’s barely past eight am. An hour he hasn’t been awake for willingly in a very long time. No wonder he feels like he’s been trudging through sand now that the shock of their wake-up call has worn off.
Dean’s throat constricts when he swallows and Castiel watches the flex of muscle as his lingering fears begin to swell in his stomach. Dean seems to understand Cas’ confused thoughts because he pats Cas cheek with a wry smile and turns away to gather an armful of furs that he carefully arranges in front of the fireplace at the foot of his bed.
Cas stares straight ahead, not deigning to acknowledge the words that Dean
“Damn, professor,” Dean says a little breathlessly as he approaches. He’s dressed similarly, but his shirt is blue plaid instead of green and his dark leather jacket has far more complex zippers. “Looks like we had the same idea.” He gestures to himself with a smirk before turning a blinding grin on Castiel.
“Isn’t that a way to see how deep a lake or something is?” Dean replies through his uncovered mouthful of food. The little twitch in the back of his mind begs for Castiel’s question to be so innocent. He would never be so lucky, Castiel’s small huff and frown remind him of that almost immediately.
Cas sighs and pinches a frown. “Just a few plastic spiders, Dean. It’s nothing.”
Dean rolls his hips and muffles Cas’ gasp with a kiss. The outline of Cas’ cock through their jeans, pressing against his, has Dean biting back a needy whimper. Their mouths work together and Dean is content to let Cas explore with his hands. Dean’s half-hardened length aches in the confines of his jeans as they rut lazily together without pressing for anything more.
Dean glances at his watch and does some quick mental math. “We’ve got about an hour. I told Ellen we might be a few minutes late, I wanna pick up a case of beer on the way.”
“You changed the subject,” Cas says, narrowing his eyes when he finally realizes what Dean has managed to do. He takes Dean’s offered hand and lets himself be hauled to his feet. “Would you please consider making an appearance? At least be there when I make my book announcement?” He bats his lashes, knowing full well that Dean won’t be able to resist the temptation of supporting him.
Dean wishes he could say the same about Cas.
Cas nods and chews his lip. “Yeah, is this okay?”
He’s come this far, he isn’t going back.
The next section sings the praises of Emperor Titus for sending aid to the disaster areas and his other great works that made him a celebrated ruler despite his short tenure.
Dean clears his throat behind them and Cas startles, finally remembering his boyfriend and he holds out his hand to beckon Dean closer. Dean approaches with a flat smile and nods toward Gabriel. “Me and my family are trying to fatten him up some.”
Almost as if summoned by the fates, Dean glances up to see Cas walking toward him. He ducks his chin and Benny claps him on the shoulder in solidarity.
Don’t let his smaller size fool you. Gabriel is
“You think he’ll go for this?” He chews his lip and gives up his attempt to keep his hands at his side.
Inias huffs and shakes his head and frowning with a sigh. His confliction is written clearly across his features and sadness wells in his pale blue eyes. Cas aches to reach out to him but he worries Inias will simply push him away.
The barista shrugs. “You’re a morning person.”
They’re led to a private room and Dean spends the next half-hour meeting and taking pictures with the Zap Zone staff, including the teenager from the service desk who stares in disbelief when Dean is revealed to be exactly who he thought.
Dean laughs and shakes his head. “They can’t be that bad.”
Dean frowns, thinking
Wheels turn in Dean’s head and he finds himself nodding as a smile spreads over his face. “I think I might like that.” And he does. Watching might give him a good idea if being bound like that would be something he’d be interested in. He trusts Cas, but nothing they’ve done quite compares to what suspension entails.
“We need to leave,” Cas says, his normally rough voice pitched higher with worry.
with me anytime.” The low pitch of his voice mixed with Cas’ warmth breath tickling the shell of Dean’s ear draws a sharp bout of laughter from Dean that makes Cas grin.
Castiel shrugs. “Dean, please understand. I am your boss, your employer. It would have been inappropriate for me to…”
“Goodnight Dean” Cas whispers into the suddenly dark room. He’s been using his grace more and more to do little things for Dean, like turning off their lights and plunging the room into darkness fit for sleeping.
Cas smirks and shakes his head but James beats him to an answer.
“Hilarious,” Cas manages to wheeze as he offers a hand up to Dean. “Now, I want my tour.”
The band would probably resent him for it.
Cas fixes Dean with a look that would have terrified him once but now Dean only laughs at Cas’ disgruntled expression. “You did that on purpose.”
The bus rumbles and rocks as they roll southward and Cas hopes that by the time he wakes again, they’re at their destination.
“Sorry, I finally got out of rehearsal and I needed to hear your voice,” Dean apologizes and Cas’ heart melts.
The cuffs unhook easily from the chains and Cas slumps against Dean as he guides his Angel back to the chair he had started in. Cas plops down with a groan, the ache in his ass protesting the hard wood underneath him but Dean makes short work of the cuffs after retrieving the key from his jeans pocket and Cas mumbles his thanks. “Come on baby, just another minute” Dean grabs the spare set of sweats he had brought and finagles Cas into them before leaving him to slip back into his jeans. He doesn’t bother with his shirt, he can come back to clean up later. Right now, he needs to get Cas to bed.
“No. Dean” Cas delivers two more blows in quick succession. Dean’s ass is turning a delightful shade of pink and the sight has Cas hardening in his pants. “I do not want you to be ‘sorry’” More loud smacks ring out, the sound only broken by Dean’s needy whimpers.
with someone like Dean has him nearly bouncing in place.
“I can’t go on tour with him.” He shakes his head and sets his glass aside just as his phone lights up with an incoming text. “What if he figures it out? What if the words just fall out and he freaks out?”
“Looks like somebody’s worried, brother,” Benny says as he laughs and Dean can’t help the smile that forms through his grimace as his hand prods his ribs.
Nope.
As it turns out, Dean doesn’t need very long.
“Dean, are you okay?” Cas asks, kneeling at Dean’s side and patting him down as if the leopard somehow sunk her claws through the glass to get to Dean. His heart races, the adrenaline of the attempted attack and the terror of seeing such a large predator up close, doing what her species evolved to do.
The man nods and takes a few respectful steps back before turning as requested while Cas tucks his payment away behind the loose brick in the building wall that no one would notice unless they already knew where it was.
“Please, Sir,” Dean begs, pushing out his lower lip in a pout.
Her brown eyes narrow venomously and she scowls fiercely before storming away with an insulted huff.
Cas chuckles, feeling suddenly lighter as he takes in Dean’s genuine awkwardness. “That this neighborhood is full of drunks and whores?” He asks, trying to keep his tone teasing but he can hear the edge to his voice and Dean flushes deeper. Adorable.
He shakes his head and fists his hair as he swallows down a frustrated scream. The ghost of Mick’s touch lingers and his skin crawls with disgust despite the money in his pocket.
Dean steps down from the boat without releasing Castiel’s hand and Cas stares down at the wet beach with trepidation. His legs are already trembling, and Dean expects him to take such a large step down?
So far, he hasn’t noticed any cold spots or strange sounds. No ectoplasm oozing from the vents or even stories of curious things happening in the early hours of the morning.
With his heart lodged in his throat, Cas can’t begin to speak but his thoughts and body sing Dean’s praises. The intense concentration etched in his brows, the slight part to his lips that permits the most beautiful little sounds every time Cas manages to angle just right has some long-forgotten primal force pounding its chest in satisfaction.
Castiel shakes his head as Inias intervenes.
, Dean.” He needs Dean to understand. “My mother died and I didn’t care. The last words I remember saying to her were that I hated her, that everything was her fault. I killed her, Dean. She had been doing so well and I then I ruined it.” Cas sniffled and his heart tightens. “It was my fault she relapsed. My fault she died.”
Cas doesn’t take the fish and it falls to the floor of the boat as both men scowl at one another. “No,” Castiel bites, using one of the very few Norse words he knows. He will not eat that disgusting thing. He will eat nothing Dean gives him.
Charlie is an odd mix of fiercely protective and oddly endearing.
“No,” Cas whispers, wanting to explain. “Azazel came, I…I was scared,” Cas says, words slow and awkward as he does his best not to struggle against Dean’s hold.
Dean shakes his head. “Could you?” He asks and Cas can’t help his grin at Dean’s request.
A smile breaks across Cas’s lips and he leans forward with a deep laugh before looking up at Dean with a wide grin that crinkles his nose.
Jarl Samuel might have him put to death and Cas doubts Dean would be able to save him.
Dean hums in thought. “So what’s on the list for tomorrow?”
“Words, Dean.” Cas barely presses the pad of his finger against Dean’s waiting hole. The pressure isn’t nearly enough to give Dean what he wants, but Cas is determined to draw out his words. “I’ve wanted this for too long, I need to know you want this as much as I do.”
“Take care of yourself,” Cas begs as he turns away to disappear into the night once again.
Cas sucks in a breath and nods. “Right. Because I’m the picture of bravery.” He isn’t going to pretend that Dean coddling him sits well.
Dean was going to lean and kiss him right there in front of everyone.
“Thanks dude,” Charlie quips.
The ground is softer than Castiel expects and he lets out a squeak as his knees buckle. Dean quickly wraps an arm around his waist and stops him from falling. The motion brings their faces within inches of one another and Cas sees an unmistakable flare of heat in those vivid green eyes that has terror spiking anew in Castiel’s heart.
Dean flinches a smile and nods. “Yeah, but he says he doesn’t date. Wants to be friends.”
The man is hunched over another, holding them down.
Cas swallows hard with a frowning nod. He doesn’t understand what Dean is trying to accomplish but the hopeful gleam in his eye has Cas moving to tuck the knife into his pocket.
She drops her chin and glares threateningly through her lashes as she smirks and Cas takes advantage of the reprieve to dart through the still-open door.
He is an idiot.
Dean’s stomach plummets at the thought of what he must do. As heir, it is his duty to carry out Samuel’s justice no matter how harsh his rule might be. Dean lifts his gaze to scan the gathered crowd once more. He would like little more than to retreat to his chamber and spend the remainder of the day hidden away with Cas.
The time has come.
“Uh, Dean. So…” Sam steps closer and his gaze darts everywhere but at Dean. “They didn’t. They were following Gabriel’s orders.” Sam winces, already seeing the outburst coming his way.
The man smiles, his soft brown eyes highlighted by faint creases and gentled by the way his face is framed by shaggy blond hair. “And is it?” He asks, not sparing a glance to Dean.
“Dean, slow down,” He’s ready to beg and he flexes his fingers in the silky strands of Dean’s hair, using the last of his focus to push Dean off his cock. “I’m not going to last if you keep doing that.” The offer Dean laid before him only a few moments ago is still fresh in his mind and he cannot imagine turning the man down.
Dean pulls back slowly and his throat clicks with how hard he swallows. Cas tries to chase his lips but Dean stops him with a gentle hand on his and their fingers lace together. “Take me to bed,” Dean whispers and heat sparks low in Cas’ gut as he nods.
Cas hurries to Sam’s room where his brother and the younger Viking wait for him. Sam is kind and understanding and for that, Castiel is grateful. He had watched Castiel carefully as he worked, skeptical but interested as Cas and Gabe carefully sealed the barrel and smoothed down the rough edges.
Dean shoves his feet into his boots and laces them tightly before heading out to the garage for his tools. As much as he can do with his inherent powers from being who he is, there is still something to be said about getting his hands dirty and doing the work himself.
He totally remembers everything from that night.
“Shit,” Dean swears again, dropping his brow onto his gloved palm.
That he’s Castiel’s.
“I’m not.” Dean buries his head in his hands. “It’s just so much more likely that someone will recognize me after hearing my music. Sometimes I want to just be another guy.” His voice is muffled by his hands and Cas grins at him with amusement shining in his eyes.
“Awesome!” Dean repeats, sounding far too excited for two in the morning. “I should, uh, let you go. You’ve got an early class tomorrow, right?”
Cas must understand anyway if the gentle sigh that escapes his lips is any indication.
Cas leans into the kiss eagerly, pouring his hopes and desires into the simple touch of their lips as Dean lowers himself to press their bare chests together. “Please,” Cas whimpers, needing to be touched with the same care reflected in the soft set of Dean’s gaze. All the stars in the sky can’t compare to the sudden clarity bursting forth in his mind and the desperation twining its way between his ribs.
Dean lets out a pleased huff and blows out the candles lighting the room. “Goodnight, Cas,” Dean says one more time as he climbs into his bed.
“Garth?”
“Cas,” Dean says again as he steps into Castiel’s space and forces him to step back from the dwindling pile of clothes. “That isn’t what I asked.” Dean catches Cas’ hand in his own and Cas’ breath catches at the feeling of Dean’s warm fingers wrapped around his.
He skips through the menu until he finds Scooby-Doo and settles back with a contented laugh.
Dean bites his lip as he watches, afraid to move in case Cas loses his nerve.
Cas chuckles but obliges. Dean is sure to feel this for at least a day. “You sure you want to still feel me when you’re on stage? Singing for all those people?”
has him holding his breath and struggling to be still as Dean settles into his lap with clenched eyes.
Dean says he’s okay with Cas being a common street whore but Cas can’t bring himself to trust that. Not really. Sure, Dean might have fun fucking around with a prostitute for a while but what about when Meg gets too sick and he’s torn between making money and taking care of her? What will Dean do with a boyfriend who is so far out of touch with society that he doesn’t even have a valid ID and who’s only real skill is giving head?
Dean’s cock twitches in appreciation and he quickly shrugs out of his flannel and folds the shirt just like Cas prefers. His t-shirt goes next, folded just as nicely, and then his shucks his jeans and underwear down in one quick motion. He’d already ditched his boots and socks when Cas had first locked the door behind them, so once his clothes are gone, he tries his best to stand patiently and wait for Cas’ next direction.
Dean had understood Cas’ reasoning and accepted their plan, but the two weeks without him have been nothing but torment that his dreams have been eager to add to.
. Ok?” He stares down his brother, waiting for him to flinch.
Cas swallows hard, barely meeting Dean’s gaze as his heart begins to hammer wildly. He doesn’t know what “clean” means and he fights the strong urge to pull away from Dean’s touch.
Sarah nods sagely and sets his receipt on the table before pinching Dean’s cheek. “Don’t worry sweetheart, I won’t say a word.”
“I screwed that up too, he isn’t talking to me.” He barely registers footsteps approaching but he steps aside reflexively.
Dean finally lowers his head when Cas begins to tremble and how own cock bobs helplessly between his legs as he lowers himself to his knees. This is Dean’s favorite part and he intends to savor the moment. Cas’ cock twitches so that it drags against Dean’s lightly stubbed cheek across, causing Cas to hiss the rough contact. “Please, Dean” Cas whines as his hips buck forward, chasing the light touch.
Charlie cuts him off with a laugh. “Yeah, yeah, I know. Dean already explained. He’s just headed into a dress rehearsal, but I wanted to check-in, make sure no one’s tried to bother you.”
“Dean, you need a healer,” Ephraim stresses as he tries to get Dean to sit.
Cas seems to know that now isn’t the time to redden Dean’s cheeks with praise and Dean hums with delight as he tenses and his release begins to pulse against the back of Dean’s throat.
Azazel grunts and fumes as he struggles against his father’s hold and Dean almost feels sorry for him. For the first time, his affections for the woman are on clear display.
Dean wanted to smack their hands away and lay claim to what is
Cas draws back with a pleased rumble coming from his throat as his fingers travel south. He takes Dean’s cock in hand and gives the base a firm squeeze. “Caaassss” Dean whines, arching into the touch, hands still blindly searching for his Angel. Cas releases for a moment and moves back to between Dean’s spread legs.
Dean swallows hard. “Thank you, Cas.”
Dean nods. “Right, uh, we should probably go.”
“What the hell? Cas?” Dean marches forward, glaring at Michael with the force of a thousand suns.
“Nuh-uh.” Ellen bats Cas out of the way. “You’re a guest in this house, mister. These two yahoos can handle the clean-up, come sit with us.” She leads Cas away with a hand on his shoulder and Dean sends him an apologetic shrug.
“Don’t. We’ll just be extra careful, okay?” Dean comforts and Cas nods despite the tightness in his throat. Dean tears open a packet as he reaches lower to stroke Cas’s dick back to life. “I want you too much to stop now.”
“Shhh.” Dean interrupts Cas’s babbling and holds him close. “It’s gonna be okay.”
Dean and Cas end their road trip with a visit that has been a long time coming.
with her, Sam,” Dean says with a glare in the direction Ruby wandered in. “I don’t trust her.”
Dean’s ears ring as his cheeks redden as he tries to take a deep breath and calm himself. Cas left the room less than five minutes ago to move their laundry into the dryer and Balthazar immediately started in with questions that Dean does not want to answer. “I am not discussing our sex life,” Dean grates for the third time but Balthazar remains undeterred.
“The Greeks,” Dean says flatly. He is entirely unimpressed by his brother’s ramblings. Who cares about the Greeks? He only has a vague concept of the strange people who live far to the south and drink the fermented juice of grapes. He thinks he remembers hearing they are great warriors, but he isn’t certain he remembers correctly.
Because Dean certainly does. He could never forget how his brain completely short-circuited when he had been on his hands and knees for Cas, early in their more…physical…relationship. Dean had not expected the wet swipe of Castiel’s tongue against the firm pucker of his ass and he was unprepared for the overwhelming sensation of that light lick on his most taboo area. He’s certain he yelped and jumped nearly to the ceiling before hanging his head with a filthy moan and begging for more.
Cas nods and forces a smile as Charlie swipes her game card. He isn’t convinced.
Dean meanders to the kitchen and digs the pie out of the freezer before preheating the oven. He waits for the beep, leaning against the counter with a bottle of beer in hand, trying his best not to worry too much about why Castiel might be late.
“I, uh, was kinda tryin to keep that quiet,” Dean mutters and licks his lip without meeting Sarah’s gaze.
Dean makes grilled cheese sandwiches on Friday and Cas can’t even look at them without feeling sick.
Cas takes a deep breath and his shoulders sag as he searches for the right words.
Dean takes a deep breath, steeling his nerve. “I, uh. Yeah” Dean mutters, words barely more than a whisper. “I like it when my feet are touched” He blushes and ducks his head. So much for playing coy until he gets Cas’ opinion on the matter.
He drops his head back and scrunches eyes shut at the same time Sam pinches a frown and leans back in his chair. “Alright. But if you change your mind…”
Mostly.
“That is exactly what this is about. Explain yourself,” Dean says, eyes narrowed as he studies the man approaching him.
They stand that way for several long minutes, the words that Cas planned to say evaporate on his tongue as he stares down at the green grass below his feet. His hand begins to cramp from how tightly he’s gripping the bouquet and he holds the flowers up, finally remembering he has them.
“Sam!” Dean shouts, almost to his front door when Cas catches him.
Cas sucks in a breath and nods, already hating the words he forces himself to say. “We must speak with Sam.”
“Cas?!” Dean calls again, louder this time with a slight edge of panic in his tone. “Castiel!” Dean calls, voicing Cas’ full name for the first time that Castiel has heard.
Kinks explored: Medical kink featuring patient, bottom, Dean and Doctor Castiel.
Would the Christian spare his rapist?
Once he’s outside, he takes a deep breath of fresh air, intent on cleansing himself of the morning’s frustrations.
Dean is sure that Cas knows he’s the one who occasionally destroys the dandelions that creep into the shared space of their mailboxes. He’s also sure that Cas has noticed the way Dean can’t step into his yard without removing every weed he comes across.
“Sorry, we got distracted,” Dean says as he flops against the wall.
Sam smiles as he takes the tightly rolled joint from his brother and silently sends a prayer to Cas.
Dean quickly divests Cas of his pants and underwear, leaving him completely bare, sprawled across the king-sized bed. Cas’ eyes never leave his as Dean works and the Angel’s breath hitches when Dean slowly lowers his zipper and hooks his thumbs into the waistband of his jeans to slowly inch them downward. “You like what you see?” Dean asks with a cocky smirk.
Dean lets out a deep sigh as the sound of the rower’s song lifts above the sounds of the water, singing praises of Aegir and Odin, Freya and Thor as their oars strike the tempo.
“You’re a goddamn hero then,” he says into Cas’s sticky hair.
Dean looks to Cas with his red-rimmed eyes and swallows hard. “I wasn’t alone,” Dean admits. “Benny, Charlie, Sam... they all knew.” Dean gives his brother a grateful nod and Sam flinches a smile.
Cas nods, seemingly unperturbed. “I was there. I did everything I could to keep my mother from hurting him but there is only so much a young child can do.”
Dean can’t find out.
Ezekiel’s shy smile has Cas arching a curious brow before Gadreel shakes his head with a fond smile.
Cas hums as he leaves a trail of kisses in the wake of Dean’s boxers as he slides them down his legs, taking his socks with them. “I didn’t say how many.”
The sound of the front door slamming follows Sam’s hurried retreat but that doesn’t stop Dean from cursing up a storm. Green sparks fly from his fingertips as he shoves his legs into a pair of boxers and stalks after his brother.
Gabriel simply giggles as he stares at his phone. “You two are disgusting,” he says before turning the screen so they can see the photo. “Just look at the way you two look at each other. Gross.”
Cas goes easily when Dean coaxes him to scoot back and center himself on the bed. “Let me take care of you,” Dean says softly as he dips his fingers under the waistband of Cas’ boxers and tugs them gently down his hips.
“You’re new.” A voice comes from Cas’ right and he turns to take in the man who has suddenly appeared next to him. “I haven’t seen you around before?” His tone has a British sounding lilt to it and he’s impeccably dressed and somehow his scruffy beard does little to detract from the vaguely menacing air surrounding him.
A muted rustle in the distance catches Dean’s attention and he stares off in the direction of the sound. A quick look to the monks still awake show that they heard the noise as well, their attention is fixated on a point in the distance rather than Dean.
His nudges his ankles farther apart and his stomach squirms with unease. He feels so exposed spread out like this but he’ll do it for Cas. Only for Cas.
Cas texted two hours ago saying he should be in Lawrence in just over two hours. Which means he should be here any minute and Dean’s nerves are singing with anticipation.
Dean flinches a smile and leans forward to place a chaste kiss on Cas’s lips. “Of course.”
Castiel snarls and steps into Uriel’s space. “I will decide who has a place here and when.”
Cas should be glad. Dean is letting him go like Cas had wanted all along.
Dean shakes his head with a wide smile. “I like the sound of that.”
Dean wrinkles his nose and shakes his head as Mary points him to the sink.
“Slow down, Cas,” Sam urges and Cas turns his gaze to the man as he swallows hard. There is wisdom to Sam’s words and Cas gives him a nod and forces himself to chew slower and give his stomach a chance to adjust.
Cas nods dumbly. “Yeah, I just.” He swallows hard and Dean is pleased to see that he’s breathing a little heavier now. “I’ll only be a minute. You should, uh, wait here.”
“What?” Dean finally demands of his brother after the tenth quizzical look.
“Dean,” Cas says, his voice low and rough as tears glisten in his eyes. He chuckles slightly and shakes his head. “It looks like we had the same idea.” His eyes drop to the gold band between Dean’s fingers.
Dean quickly withdraws with the knife and takes several steps back, eyeing Cas warily. “Are you okay?” Dean says. His gaze is softer than Castiel deserves, and he doesn’t quite know what to do with that.
Everything is not fine.
Sam nods as if finally understanding. “I see. No, that’s cool, Dean. Really. Anything I can help with?” Sam offers like the ever helpful little brother he is.
Cas hums his agreement. “I do. Have you been to Popsons?”
“Shuttup.” Dean runs his hands up Cas’ thighs and over his sides before settling on his hips to hold Cas in place. “Are you okay with this?” Dean asks, eyes wide and searching as he stares up at Cas.
He swallows hard as he approaches the couch, side-eyeing his phone as if it were a wild animal ready to attack instead of a hunk of glass and plastic.
