Tony's head snaps up so fast he bangs his head on the inside of the chest plate. "Shit," he hisses. "Yeah. Put him through."
“Maybe?”
“I love you,” Steve mouthed against the base of Tony’s cock, and then he took him into his mouth, and that was the last thing he said for a long while.
“Of course not,” Tony mutters, standing spread eagle so the suit can attach itself as it speeds down the hall towards him. He walks towards the windows as the last pieces continue to arrive, holding still for the faceplate.
“I have insufficient data,” JARVIS says, primly this time.
Steve huffs a laugh. “So fix it, then,” he tells him, jogging over to where the disc fell. The edge is dented, and he does his best to smooth it out with his fingers before offering it to Tony.
“I want happiness for you,” Steve says, and Tony’s breath punches out of him sure as if he’d taken a hard hit to the sternum. “I want that for you, more than anything. You’d make an amazing father, Tony. And I want-” His voice breaks, and Tony watches as he closes his eyes, takes a slow breath in, out. “I want Buck back. I want…I need that. I do. But that doesn’t mean I can’t… We have to keep living. You’re the one who keeps telling us that. We have to keep living, and that means building new relationships. Letting the world around us be…be incredible, and beautiful. Letting people in.”
“Tony,” Steve tries, but he’s laughing too hard to get his breath properly, now. His voice is a weak wheeze of laughter. “Stop it.”
“But it’s not just sex,” Steve says, smiling dopily at him now. “Is it?”
“Aye, this would be well within my brother’s magics.”
Tony raises his hand and knocks. And then, when there’s no response, he knocks again: once, twice, until Rogers pulls the door open, a bemused scowl on his face. He’s shaved his beard, Tony notices, which is…interesting. His expression when he sees Tony is like daybreak cresting a mountain, and then he’s pulling Tony in, tangling his fingers into Tony’s hair and kissing him like his life depends on it. He runs his tongue over Tony’s lips, sucks Tony’s lower lip into his mouth gently, and-
“You knew that already,” Natasha said primly, and then she turned and went back to her eggs.
“I’m moving,” Steve says, and Tony snaps his eyes open to see Steve backing up, his hands raised. He steps away until the exit to the bar is clear, moving around until he’s a few steps away from the small opening. He looks angry, but he’s keeping it together. If Tony was feeling a little more generous, he might be willing to call the expression on Steve’s face one of guilt, but he isn’t feeling particularly charitable at the moment. Mostly, Steve’s lucky he didn’t vault the bar and book it for his cuffs. “Better?”
“Close ‘er up, then.”
“Oh,” Tony said quietly, looking somewhat abashed now. “I know I’m not-”
Tony laughs incredulously, turning to poke at one of the energy output graphs on the glass displays. “Do you think everybody is in love with me?”
A month ago, Steve and Tony had sat on the couch and eaten handfuls of popcorn while he’d introduced Steve to the wonders of Ghostbusters. Bruce and Thor had popped up halfway through and sat in, heavy shapes settling into the armchairs. Steve had been entranced, as he always is with every film. His blue eyes had been wide and enraptured, and at the big battle scene he’d clamped a hand on Tony’s knee without thinking about it, leaning forward in his seat towards the screen in the dark, the radiant light flickering across his high cheekbones, the long perfect line of his nose. Steve watched movies on movie nights, but Tony watched Steve. His reactions were always more interesting than reliving the classics.
Instead, Tony huffs a rough laugh. It’s wet, clicking terribly in his throat, and Steve closes his eyes and tries to pretend it’s just the shower steam.
“Captain, should I call Agent Barton?”
“Steve?” Tony says, and Steve takes his wrist in one hand. He presses his lips to the pulse there.
“Four flusher,” he muttered, taking the kit from Rogers’ hands and putting it back up on the shelf. “Take off your wet britches, Sheriff, and get your arse into bed. Ain’t nothing I haven’t seen.”
you’ve been keeping something this big from me-”
“If this doesn’t work-” Tony tries, but Steve just squeezes him tighter, enough that that the breath rushes out of him in a gusting laugh. It shudders out between their bodies, and in that moment Steve wishes nothing more than that he could feel it: warm, humid breath, Tony’s scent in his nose. The grit and sweat and dirt that make a body, real and seething with blood under his hands.
“Nope,” Tony says, popping the p. Steve glances over at him, taking stock of his easy smile and wary eyes. His expression softens a little in the face of Steve’s scrutiny, and he waves a hand and turns to look out the window. “Nat and I are on it.”
Steve swallowed, considering. “I hope that’s true,” he said. “Thanks, DUM-E. You’re a good bot.”
you want it all narrowed down to one fleshy man in the bath,
Well what the hell did Yinsen even-
“Can I ask a dumb, insensitive question?”
He cuts himself off as Pepper spins around abruptly in front of the rear doors of the dining hall. Her mouth is pressed into a thin line, and Steve stops short to avoid a collision and stutters to a halt. Her stare could cut glass.
“I’ve paid for them.”
Tony grins at Franklin even as Sue’s face practically turns to stone. “Night little man. Tell your sister I said hey.”
“Steve?”
Loki smiles bitterly. "You're not half so clever as you think."
“If we bring them back,” he says, and Steve hums to show he’s listening, “it won’t…it won’t be the same. I know that.”
There had been a moment, where Tony thought maybe Rogers was going to hit him. But then the moment had passed, and Rogers had swept his thumb slowly over the inside of Tony’s wrist, and well. Tony was capable of many things, but impulse control was often not one of them.
Steve let out a whistling breath. “Oh. That’s…good.”
Happy offers him a selection of Advil Liqui-Gels, Motrin, and Aspirin as soon as he climbs into the car. Tony swallows two Liqui-Gels dry and collapses back into the seat, letting his head loll against the plush leather.
“I wanted you,” Loki says simply, as though it is that easy. Tony traces his face, but Loki seems sincere enough. “I found the information was easily accessible once I had you beneath me, but it wasn’t my aim.”
“Point,” Natasha said, eyeing the SHIELD agents behind them. To their credit, they were all doing an excellent job of pretending like they hadn’t heard a thing. “How many rooms left to clear between us and you?”
“Touché, Captain.” Steve grins. “I would recommend you follow the park edge, in order to remain within a high surveillance area. If you run at your current pace, you can catch Mr. Wilson in twenty minutes. If you would like a more strenuous run, I can adjust.”
“Steve,” Tony said, strangled, and then he was kneeling, cupping Steve’s face in his hands. “Touch me,” he rasped. “Steve.”
“You have no idea how many times I’ve thought about this,” Steve says, burying his face into the crease of Tony’s thigh. His breath tickles and tantalises all at once. “You- God, your
“No dice,” Tony says, and she nods.
JARVIS obligingly brings up a still from the security feed. Amora stands at half size, shouting up into the skies on the edge of the tower landing, and Thor blinks at it for a moment before breaking into uproarious laughter.
, all resentment and muscle. “Please, just give me another chance-”
Eventually, a new shape darkens the doorway of Tony’s workshop: Reed Richards, hovering as though unsure of his welcome, his long-fingered hands twisting together.
He ducks his head and goes inside.
, oh God
I spent way too long trying to format the epigraph for this chapter and it's still not right I give up just go read the actual poem guys it's good I promise.
“He’s nodding,” Williams reported. “I think that means it’s good crying.”
“A pretty cage, for each of us,” Natasha says, tossing her hair out of her face. “Perfectly engineered, perfectly customised, waiting for one of us to turn to the dark side.”
“You are amazing,” Steve interrupted, frowning, and Tony laughed outright.
Steve shrugs and pops the container into the microwave, then hunts around the fridge for some rice.
Steve snarled to back him up, low and involuntary, and Bruce held up his hands in placation.
“My mom says that to me all the time,” Franklin says curiously. He steps further into the room, his little brows furrowed together in a line. “Are you alright? Are you going to faint?”
“You never listen to my orders in the field,” Cap says, hoarse and shaking, and
“I will,” he promises.
“You never come with me when I fight,” Tony says when Steve releases him. He tips his face up, eyes searching sightlessly. He closes his eyes, imagining Steve’s face. His eyes slide back and forth beneath the thin skin, searching a face he cannot see. “You can’t, can you?”
Steve reaches out, fingers closing gently over Tony’s wrists. His jaw is still tight, and Tony knows he’s still angry, but his grip is gentle on Tony’s skin. His eyes are soft as they meet Tony’s, lashes lowered a little as he meets Tony’s gaze with steady reassurance.
“Shh,” Steve murmurs. He gathers him into his chest, sweeps his hands comfortingly over his back, but it only makes Tony cry harder. “Tony, please.”
“Punk,” Steve growls at him, and Tony reaches a hand out and digs it into the soft skin of Steve’s stomach, scrabbling for the spot that always makes him shout for how ticklish he is. “Tony!”
Loki pulls back, clearly startled by this, and Tony laughs, pulling a tray of oysters on ice towards himself and poking at the shells.
Steve startles awake with a shout, his fingers reaching up to touch his own neck. Of course, he can’t really feel his own skin that well. He can’t touch anything like this.
,” Steve breathes, and he’s near panting, now. Tony can see his chest rise and fall with deep, heavy breaths.
“Have you got any of that left?” Pepper sniped, to a series of hoots. “I guess we can run it again…”
, go,” Natasha said, and Steve really should take the stairs more often, it was good for him-
“The Winter Solider is an assassin,” Steve says, and Tony glances up to see Steve’s face has paled. “He’s the best assassin in the world, Tony. What else could they need him for?”
Tony isn't really sure. He'd meant for it to be a break-up, but he turned out to be pitifully weak to Steve's tears. He doesn't think Steve is going to give up so easily. They're on a break, but that's not a break-up.
“You do know about the whole…cage match, lying to me about my parents’ murder, leaving me for dead in Siberia, sending me a bullshit non-apology letter thing, right?” Tony prods, and Shuri nods.
“You kept this secret in jest?” Thor demands, furious, and Tony holds up his hands in the universal sign of surrender.
“We can approximate the energy output, sir, but magic has more immeasurable variables than we can truly appreciate without more information. I’m not sure if that would have the desired effect.”
“Why didn’t you go after Barnes?”
Later, much later—after the party made it to full swing, and Natasha graciously offered herself for another raffle date; after Thor challenged a group of techbros to a drinking contest and one of them had to be hospitalised; after Tony and Steve received so many heartfelt congratulations that Steve couldn’t imagine anything any news anchor had to say to him ruining this bright, fierce joy within; after Steve had taken Tony home and let Tony wreck him so thoroughly that he forgot his name—Steve found himself alone in his studio once more.
“I’ll introduce you sometime,” Steve tells him, laughing quietly. Bruce will either take pity on the kid or eat him alive, but either has to be better than sitting around waiting for Tony to remember that he’s rich and has a personal driver. Tony barely goes out for fun these days, anyway; he’s always working. Steve would be more worried if this didn’t follow Tony’s usual track record. He’d spent enough time on Google to know that Tony frequently disappeared from the social scene for weeks or months at a time, only to inevitably reappear with a scandal that splashed across every gossip rag from New York to Morocco.
“Talking to myself again. Great.”
Reed nods, slowly. He reaches out and gently adjusts whatever it is that Tony’s working on, his brow furrowing ever so slightly when Tony bats his hand away. “You’re sure about this.”
“What are you gonna do?” Tony asks, setting his cup down and spreading his hands. “It’s not like it was his fault. He didn’t even know I was cursed.”
“It isn’t, actually,” Bruce says. “We’ve got data on cortisol levels. You don’t have to be any particular dynamic to have a Pack. But you’re ignoring what I’m telling you about Steve.”
Tony spins around, eyes wide in his face. Panic is skittering over him, quickly being replaced by defensiveness, and Steve holds up his hands in placation.
“You lecture from an equal station. Or do you think I haven’t noticed the way you treat the others with patience, with kindness and familial grace, yet when it comes to the captain you shrink away as though he is a stranger? If you think suppression will protect you from your emotion, I can promise you that instead it will build until it becomes a deluge and swallows you whole. And then what will you do?”
“Fine,” Peter says, and Tony nods once. He nods towards Stephen, then heads towards the foyer.
“Tell me,” Tony says, and Steve lets out a rough breath.
“JARVIS, what’s the ideal water salinity for an octopus?”
“Please fuck me.”
Steve’s desperate for it. Sloppy. Tony takes control of the kiss, turning it slow, dirty. He matches their pace to the gruelling grind he’s set up inside Steve’s body, unlike any other fucking he’s ever done before. Slowly, Steve gentles, until his mouth is slack and taking Tony’s tongue. He sucks on it sweetly, and Tony feels it when he goes completely under, shuddering hard but otherwise quiescent in his grip. When he pulls away Steve moans, low and exquisite, and rests his forehead against Tony’s.
Ugh this was a longer chapter than I expected. I had to get through so much, and Loki didn’t even get to really come back yet! Tbh there’s like three more scenes left in this one Friday alone, but we’re already at 13k for this one chapter and I couldn’t just leave it all together.
Steve frowns, twisting his hands together in his lap. He leans back in the armchair, crossing his leg over so his ankle is braced on his knee. “I don’t know,” he admits. “War’s changed a lot. Things are so much less black and white than they used to be.”
“How’s this?” Tony says, and Steve swallows.
The last thing he hears before he loses consciousness is the sound of Tony whispering his name: over and over again, soft and reverent, like he’s counting beads on a rosary.
“He just said some uncomfortable truths. Nothing I don’t know,” Tony says, swinging his legs around to sit properly on the couch like a human being. Bruce’s face slips into a cousin of disgust.
“I meant,
He hits call.
“That was never modelled for me. I am unsure if I have a proper understanding of the concept.”
“But it could have,” Steve says, misery seeping into his sweet face like a poison. “You looked… I saw what I wanted to see. I saw you willing, and shocked because this was really happening. But I know you, Tony. You were surprised, and frustrated, and afraid. I didn’t see that, at the time, but now I do. So fine, you enjoyed it, but I could have hurt you. I could have… I can’t bear the thought.”
patting him on the head and assuring him he’d grow enough to part the crowds one day, but until then he’d have to bear being shoved and prodded with elbows.
He shrugged. “Don’t wanna talk about it.”
“I’ve always hated Zeke,” Sam muttered, wiping his bloody nose on his sleeve, “felt good to put him on the ground.”
He stopped when he noticed how obviously Tony’s face had fallen, and the hurt look that was lingering on his face.
“You won’t, swear, me and Nat decontaminated it when we picked it up, you’re sitting on like, three layers worth of antibac wipes.”
Steve was slightly taken aback by the seriousness of Tony’s words. They were standing close to one another- again, they always ended up like this, Steve didn’t know what it was, maybe he just got pulled in by Tony’s gravity, by Tony’s own force of attraction that was so hard to ignore no matter how hard he tried- and Tony was looking at him, begging with his eyes.
He waited until Tony was fully asleep before slipping back out of bed. No part of him felt even remotely like resting in that moment- not when he still had plans to arrange and lawsuits to file against whichever sick bastard it was who’d released that tape. Much as he loathed to slip his arms away from where they were wrapped around his lover’s body, he knew it was a necessary sacrifice to make as he padded silently out of the room and then shut the door with a quiet click. “Tell me if he wakes, JARVIS,” Steve murmured, hearing the AI’s affirmation before he marched down to corridor. There was tension in his body just waiting to be released, and now that Tony was out of sight, he allowed himself to set his face into what he’d wanted it to look like all night: an angry scowl.
Tony paused for a moment, and then looked down. “Come to my workshop. I’ve got some cool toys I can show you.”
Steve sighed and looked down at his own hands, clutching a sketchbook. He was a little lost in that moment, to be honest. Now the fight was over, he didn’t quite know what to do. He wanted to track Loki down, get the sceptre back. He couldn’t believe he’d been so stupid as to even let it go in the first place.
That was how long it took before they managed to get out, find somewhere with a signal and comm in to Thor to tell him to get back to the tower by any means necessary. Thankfully, every part of the escape itself had gone perfectly, with Tony’s memory serving him well enough to be able to lead them over to the particle displacer that SHIELD had taken in from a fight a few months prior, and subsequently allowing them to create a hole in the seven-meter-thick ceiling. After that, it had simply been a question of Clint notching the right arrow and lodging it into the ceiling of the next floor above them, with the wire attached to it allowing them all to scramble up.
Thor and Clint turned to one another, both looking nervous. "I have," they said at the same time, before Thor clicked his fingers and grinned triumphantly.
again.
“Uh. No.”
Steve couldn’t move, all of his limbs pinned in place. Someone told him to breathe, and he ignored them. It felt like it would be too loud in this room. Instead, he kept his eyes fixed on the helmet in front of him, still beeping away, proof that someone, somewhere, had managed to get a message through across the cosmos.
“Bit of a funny time to be stood there smilin’, Cap,” Rocket told him as he grabbed an abandoned weapon off the ground and then fired it over Steve’s shoulder, taking down an oncoming rival, “get your ass into gear and help us save the universe!”
When he arrived in the small little café a few minutes later, he knew that it was probably pretty obvious he’d been crying. His pale complexion never really helped hide it, and his eyes had a tendency of puffing up at the first sign of tears. But Thor didn’t mention it- just smiled over to him and then pushed a plate over the table. The burger was greasy and not particularly great, but it helped warm him up a little, and afterward Thor and Steve both went into the bathroom and tried to dry their hair off with the hand dryers, which was pretty hilarious. There was something sort of endearing about watching the six-foot giant try and bend down at an angle that would make his hair dry smoothly.
“How long is this going to last?” Tony asked, “I’m hungry.”
“He won’t listen. He’s past that. We don’t really
Steve managed to give him a slightly raised eyebrow. “Is that supposed to reassure me?”
“Steve,” Tony said his name on a thick tongue, hand clenching at his side as he restrained himself from naturally reaching out to comfort him, “this has been going on for a while now. I know you’ve been trying to hide it. But you can’t stop me from noticing how my own powers get stronger whenever I touch you now. You’re getting ill. I… I’m killing you, my powers- they’re draining the life out of y-”
Rumlow sighed loudly and then slid his feet off the table in order to lean forward. “Oh, cut the bullshit, Stark. You know what’s about to happen now. Your case is doomed, you were caught red-handed, and your
“I never implied that you were,” Steve’s voice remained gentle and Tony heard the rustle of material, like Steve was crouching down, getting to Tony’s level, “I’m just reminding you where you are. With me. In the tower in New York.”
Apparently, Steve never got tired of kissing it.
“That was not unwelcoming, oh my God,” Tony squeaked in mortification, dropping his head into his hands, “that was… that was ‘this can’t be real, in what universe is it possible that I am allowed to have this’. Not… never unwelcoming.”
Which sounded creepy But it wasn’t, he wasn’t being… Tony was just very memorable, that was all. Striking. People tended to blend into one after a while, but Tony was something else. Something different. In the way he held himself, in the lines of his body and how he dressed and the jewelry he kept on his fingers. He wasn’t like other people. He was just Tony, in his own right.
“Yep,” Steve choked, because if he was going to die, he would die in the pit he had dug himself into with pride.
There was so much he wanted to say, and do, and talk about. But his mind was fuzzy and muddled, he felt off-kilter, too unsteady to think through all of this properly. Maybe Tony was right—maybe he just needed to… relax. Hell—seemed like they had the rest of their lives to figure everything out.
Steve looked at it. “So I’ll just go back and put us on the other one,” he said, and it was so easy to him. He didn’t understand why Reed was looking at him like Steve was breaking his heart.
“Thanks!” Tony beamed at him and kissed his forehead quickly, before folding the napkin gently and tucking it into the inside pocket of his jacket. His hand found Steve’s again, and although still slightly confused by the entire interaction, Steve just held on and squeezed back lightly as Tony started leading them through the cafeteria. It was always somewhat difficult to follow Tony’s flow, especially when he was having one of his up-days. But Steve was happy to deal with it- kept him on his toes, after all, and there was just something about Tony when he was like that that Steve found- well,
“I’m going to give you a fuck-ton of compliments now, so get ready,” Steve warned.
. In a way, it had felt like their relationship was the foundation of this entire universe. At least to Steve it was anyway. Because without him, look what had fucking happened. Look how hard Steve had fallen.
“Ha ha,” Steve muttered, palming his forehead and then jumping down off the desk to collect the bunches of papers that had scattered everywhere, “I’m getting sassed by a fucking robot, Jesus Christ, this wasn’t what I signed up for-“
Ty smiled.
Steve just grinned harder, overtaking Tony when he stopped and then pulling him out of the room by the hand. He felt brave, all of a sudden. He knew Tony wanted him. He knew he wasn’t actively doing anything wrong, so what exactly was there to be afraid about?
Tony was tense up against him, ready to bolt at any moment. He still hadn’t opened his eyes yet; but he could tell Steve from smell and sense alone, and knew there was no danger in his embrace. Even so, it didn’t stop the memories. The feeling of ice running down his back; the lurching fear that every time they dunked him would be his last, that it would hit his chest just right and send him into cardiac arrest.
“I know. Get ready- we’re already running late.”
one another. All wary knocking and careful distances, as if Steve could hardly even stand to be around Tony, and Jesus Christ
But Tony didn’t respond, just hopped off the bed and then hunkered down, opening the suitcase that they hadn’t bothered to unpack yet. He shuffled around for a minute while Steve watched him with one cracked-open eye, until he eventually found what he was looking for and held it up triumphantly, looking at Steve with a big smile on his face. Steve sat up and watched Tony trek across the room, where he put his sobriety coin carefully back in its box on their dresser. Then, when he crawled back into a bed a few moments after, Steve made sure to squeeze him just a little bit tighter as his arms wrapped around the other man once more.
, Thor.”
“Did- did someone just walk into class?” The teacher asked the room about ten seconds after Tony had slipped back out again, and Steve couldn’t help it- he laughed and laughed and laughed.
But if Tony really was Iron Man… then Steve didn’t have a choice. This was a terrorist that needed taking down- not his ex, not his friend. A Supervillain, collecting an army’s worth of deadly weapons and information for God only knows what. Hell, the fact that Steve hadn’t seen this progression beginning when he’d still been with Tony made him partly responsible, because there was no way in hell any of this would have been done on a whim. Tony must have been plotting this for a long time. And Steve must have been blind to it for even longer. He should have seen what was happening before it had even had the chance to start; should have spotted Tony falling into the typical patterns that many radicalised individuals went through. But he hadn’t then, and it seemed that the only way anyone was going to be taking Iron Man down was if Steve did this now.
“Yes, and you should apologize to her right now. You just ripped a piece of her body off!”
enough to think…” Tony trailed off, shaking his head as he looked down fiercely at the table. His eyes were wet again, his voice throaty and defeated as he muttered, “Rumlow was right. I really am an idiot.”
“It’s not your fault, Steve,” Tony murmured, fingers brushing over the indents of Steve’s chest, “I would’ve done the same. If it was Rhodey, I mean. He would have stood a way better chance at kicking their asses than you would’ve done against me with full intention of trying to hurt you. Because you would’ve trusted me. You would never have expected it. Rhodey is ready to throw down 24/7. And so is Bucky. You know that.” He leaned up, kissing Steve slowly, “Bucky’s just glad you’re safe. Promise.”
when you do this sort of stuff,” Steve hissed at him, his fingers digging into Tony’s arms painfully. “You just do whatever the fuck you see fit, never taking into consideration how it could affect other people. I was scared
Amazing. He was on a god damn
Tony laughed, and God, it really was a nice laugh. “I do,” he agreed, “and that is the most endearing thing in the world.” He paused, before adding, “actually no- the face you’re making right now is the most endearing thing in the world.”
Steve looked horrified, and he put his hands up, trying to reach out for Tony. “No, wait, Tony, I wasn’t… I was just… please don’ go, let me explain, I’m so tired, please stay with me, I just need to sl-”
But Peter really didn’t want to think about that.
when Tony discovered that no, actually, that was not going to happen.
“What, no, I was the one who invited you,” Steve argued, batting Tony’s hand away before he could extend it forward, “this is my treat, alright?”
Then he started to cry again.
“Is Sir okay?” JARVIS asked—and he was a computer program, true, but he still sounded urgent. “I am currently operating within a fixed system. I cannot contact him, as he left his phone in the Stark residence last night. During the last vitals checkup I picked up multiple contusions and a mild concussion, and vast amounts of emotional stress. I have not been able to update my report in over 9 hours.”
“Whoah, hey, Tony, just calm it,” he said hurriedly, “I didn’t know you were buddies-”
So instead of yelling at them, he simply skipped over to them and threw himself into the crowd, knowing that they’d keep him from plummeting on to the floor.
“That’s not… Thor, he’s 7 months old,” Tony squinted at him, “he barely even has a concept of reward, and bed-time isn’t something he’s discovered he hates yet.”
All three of their friends just stared at them blankly for a moment. “Huh?” Bruce blurted, “for real?” When they both nodded at him, he blinked rapidly before breaking out into a fond little smile. “Damn, guys, that’s great. I’m really happy for you.”
“Denied,” he hissed, because
He didn’t even want to know what Steve must have been thinking of him, in that moment. Of all the things that the team had gone through- Natasha in the Red Room, Bruce running from the whole world for years, Steve having lived through
And once he’s done that- why the hell would he stop there?
Next time he became somewhat semi-aware, he noted in surprise that he was flying. At least, it
“I know you’re not, Mrs Wilson,” Steve hurried to assure her, “this is my fault. I know that I’m on my last few warnings now, I shouldn’t have spoken to Principal Fury like that. It was wrong.”
He crouched onto his haunches and then pressed his fingers to his lips, before moving them down and letting them rest over his mom’s name. “Love you,” he murmured, “I’ll come back soon.”
“Oh, come on, it barely even splashed you,” Steve said incredulously, beginning to continue walking- except he found Ty blocking his path, and glared sharply, hackles rising with every second. He did not like Tony’s friend at all. “Uh, can you-“
Steve climbed clumsily onto the back seat, still feeling a little dizzy from the mix of alcohol and nerves. He really hoped he didn’t fall off. That would suck. “How long for?” He asked through the helmet, hands going around the grab rail in front of him.
sorry.”
"I have no family either," Natasha said, her face carefully blank, "so this has nothing to do with me."
Which was good. Because neither would Tony.
“What, to him or the chick?” She asked with a raised eyebrow, “either way, I’m pretty sure the -ah-
He rolled out of bed with a dull groan and then lay sprawled on the floor for a few seconds, tangled up in blankets. He fucking hated mornings. There was honestly not one good thing about them.
—do that to any kid. I wouldn’t put them in my care.”
"Why couldn't he have been both?" Steve asked, mind wandering unhelpfully over to a room full of blueprints and a jacket full of cigarettes. "They're not always mutually opposed."
But it was. It was fucking true, because he was there. In that projection.
, alright. For the first few years of highschool, Tony had laughed at him, he’d thrown pencils at the back of his head in class and bumped him in the halls and Steve had automatically bitten back on a sigh whenever he’d seen Tony in the corridors with him. He’d known Tony Stark was an asshole from day one, when he’d been twelve and Tony had told him how weird his backpack was.
Swallowing the sudden lump in his throat, he nodded mechanically and blinked. “I- yeah. You, uh, you go do that. I’ll see you round, yeah?”
Steve blinked, taking a moment to process the sharp turn of events. Before he could sink into it, though, Tony broke away quickly, fingers trailing up Steve’s neck and then cupping his jaw between both his hands.
,” his Dad said with a grin, as he tackled Peter back on to the bed and then hugged him tight. “Don’t worry Steve, I speak fluent Angsty Teen.”
“I’d like to say I am not a stray- I was coming over here anyway,” Bruce muttered, sitting down next to Sam with a huff, “and can we just put it on record that I hate Thor. I hate Tony for introducing me to Thor as well.”
Back to the drawing board, then. It seemed Tony was just going to have to work a bit harder to get Steve into the Halloween spirit. He could do it though. Never let anyone say Tony backed down from a challenge. He’d just have to start slower, maybe. Play the long game. He had most of the month, after all. And he’d been with Steve long enough by that point to know how the guy ticked, more or less.
Tony sighed, downing his coffee in one before slamming it onto the counter and checking his watch. Bruce had said he'd be up to begin the tests at eight. Clint could survive for an hour with a small child, right? Tony didn't need to worry. Hell, Tony would probably be more of a risk to Peter than Clint was. He wasn't exactly a figurehead of responsibility himself. "Look, I actually do have to get to work," he said, turning back around to face them and folding his arms. "Steve, make sure Clint doesn't try and feed him Cheetos and soda for breakfast. Clint, if you sing to him, he likes that. Or just unwrap some of the boxes in the hall and see if some of the toys can distract him. Bruce'll come down soon, and then we can find out if he really is yours." He rubbed a hand over his face and tried to untangle some of his curls with a wince. "I have to get ready. I'll see you all when I get back."
Suddenly and with surprising swiftness, Tony jolted forward, causing Rumlow to pause mid speech. Gone was the blank expression on his face; sliding right off and being replaced with dark fury. “What the fuck have you done with Steve,” he spat, his hand balling into a fist on the table,
“Hey, shhhh,” Tony moved his head and kissed his moving lips gently, “it’s alright. You weren’t. You wouldn’t. We both know that.”
In bafflement, Tony watched as his friends all prepared the dinner table around him, setting out plates, knives, forks, food, and even the Christmas crackers. Tony’s mind jolted, and he zeroed in on their colors, because if someone got the wrong one now then it was going to be really fucking weird—but Bruce just saw him looking, laughed, and then placed the red & gold Christmas cracker down between Tony and Steve. Tony watched the man suspiciously. How did he know? Had Tony told him?
It was only when he was walking out of the doors at the end of the day that he remembered he still had Tony’s jacket in his bag.
Tony was looking at him, trying to formulate a response. Eventually, though, he sighed. “We should talk about this another time,” he mumbled dejectedly, “I shouldn’t have said it now. It was stupid of me. Just—just relax, Steve.” He leaned forward and then moved so that he was lying down next to Steve instead, his head tucked into Steve’s shoulder as he curled up his body. “I’m here. I’m safe. And I’m not leaving.”
Stood at the end of the corridor, he was holding two rolls of blue paper in his left hand and his bag in the other- which he let fall to the floor when his eyes fixed on Zeke. His gaze was like ice.
“Wow,” the man said, “that’s some dedication ya got there, Stark. What about if I want to text you when you’re in Japan though? Then what?”
Okay, and that was definitely confrontational talk; Steve reacted almost subconsciously to it, his back straightening and his eyes going quickly to the door. “What
“Sorry,” Rhodey muttered, and his voice was at least a little softer now, slightly sheepish, which was nice. The lines of his body were a bit more relaxed too. “Didn’t think. He really is okay though.”
“They stole it,” he muttered, “when they mugged me. Guess they thought it was valuable.”
They arrived back home fifteen minutes later, and Steve was put on chores as soon as he stepped foot in the house. He completed them all meekly, trying to figure out how best he was going to make it up to Mr and Mrs Wilson. Sam had always been a good kid at school- Steve figured they probably weren’t used to rulebreakers, and he felt terrible for having to let them down like that. At least with his own mom, she’s been sort of used to it at that point.
Steve moved along, Tony beside him. “Stop struggling,” Steve said sharply, before adding in a softer voice that the agent at the desk couldn’t hear, “you’re already hurt, you don’t need to go overboard with the theatrics.”
He waved awkwardly at Bucky as the boy pulled up, open-mouthed and staring at him through the window. “Hey,” he muttered.
be your fault, and meeting you was without question one of the best things to ever happen to me, okay? Please, love. Don’t cry. It’s gonna be okay—”
“You don’t cry enough for me to be comfortable with, anyway,” Tony said gruffly, “you owe me tears, Rogers- I’m doing all the crying in this relationship right now and that is something I am not comfortable with at all.”
, he—
JARVIS lifted him off the ground gently, the boots firing up. He’d locked the joints, which was good, otherwise his knees would have buckled under the force. God, he really had forgotten every single damn thing, huh?
Tony flushed. “Shut up. He
Tony grinned. “I know a guy. This old dude called Yinsen, met him at a science convention a while back, it’s kinda complicated. But I’ve been going over and fixing shit for him for years now. He’s a landlord for a block of apartments down in lower Manhattan, and I do him favours whenever he needs them, and in return he hooks me up with more contacts, usually MIT people or buddies in the engineering field. Sometimes he just invites me round for dinner though. As you can see, I’ve been planning this escape for a while now,” Tony wiggled his eyebrows cheekily, and then rubbed his hands together in glee. “But he’s… he’s a good guy. One of the most genuine people I know. And he knows, kinda, what’s going on with Howard. So he offered to give me one of the flats in his apartment complex, with a stupidly low rent. It’s kinda shitty, and small, but it’ll do. And in return, I’ll act as his on-site handyman.”
As far as birthdays went, Steve could safely say it was one of the best.
Peter stopped, and then sighed, trying to find the words. “Tony is… weird,” he said in the end. When Steve just raised an eyebrow, the kid hurried to elaborate. “I mean- he’s so… around his so-called buddies, y’know? But then he’s there with us, and he’s… well, you know.”
Steve told him firmly, shutting the door and then hopping down the steps. Tony took a step back as he went, eyes still horribly wide. His hands were shaking. “You had to get me out of the way, otherwise I would’ve been in a hell of a lot more pain than I am right now. It’s fine. I promise. You did what you had to do and this was just an unlucky coincidence. That wasn’t what I needed to talk to you about.”
Tony snorted derisively at Steve’s blank face, lips pursed in a thin line. He was shaking, Steve realised. “You think I’m gonna get a trial, Steve? Think Brock Rumlow is gonna throw me in a cosy jail cell after this? Hell no. As soon as there’s a quiet moment, he’ll take me somewhere secure, torture me for everything I have, and then put a bullet in my brain once he’s gotten what HYDRA wants from me. I know too much now. I could bring down their whole 90-year operation.” His face turned bitter as he leaned closer to Steve.
"It's not a
“No, that was last month,” Sam corrected, “I think this time it was because Nat didn’t like one of the girls Clint had met and so she… had words with her.”
“No, it doesn’t,” Steve said, knowing that Tony was currently talking more to himself than Steve, “but how well do you think you’d sleep, knowing that pin was digging into you every time you turned?”
was irrelevant. So was the rest of the team. He’d survived plenty of these days before they’d come along, and he’d damn well do the same now.
“You know, if you
“Do I want to know?” Steve asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Hey! Hey, art boy!”
“Do you know what it’s like to get publicly embarrassed by your partner on live television?” Steve said, his hands clenched at his sides as his chest heaved. His eyes were wet- God, he was about to cry. “To watch him blatantly come on to some B-list actor as if his boyfriend isn’t sat at home, already fucking
Steve looked, eyes going wide for a minute as he too lurched forward on instinct, before stopping himself and merely blinking in confusion. Tony took the opportunity to shove the mug of coffee into his hands, which he accepted in thanks. Bruce walked in a second later, and the words on Tony’s lips died as he took in Bruce’s face. “News?” He asked instead, cocking his head.
It was Tony. Come hell or high water, there was no way that Steve would ever be able to forget that voice.
He nodded. “I wanted to just… do something. To help.”
Steve kept looking at him. His mind felt fuzzy and it hurt like a motherfucker from where he’d been hit-
that he’d fucked up big time, he
everyone
Tony’s eyebrows raised. “I’ll tell her you said that.”
“No, Steve,” he said with a fast shake of his head, “no, no- Steve, don’t… s’not a… no. Don’t… that’s not how you’re s’posed to-“
Steve grinned. “Yeah, he’s a total idiot,” he admitted with a shrug, face softening as he said, “love the bastard, though.”
And this… there was a lot to be happy about, here.
“Mmm, I’d say so, yeah, seeing as I feel the fuckin’ same,” Steve replied, moving down to Tony’s jaw so he could lay kisses along the bone, “I saw you on the very first day and nearly got run over, I was staring so hard-“
The next thing was his morals.
Steve grinned down at his phone and then looked back up, trying to focus back in on class. Truthfully, he wasn’t actually going to think about it- there wasn’t a hope in hell he’d get anything out of it, and so what was the point, really? He wasn’t good enough. He could accept that.
In response, Steve pulled it harder. Tony just rolled his eyes and then threw up his hands, seemingly defeated. “Okay, okay. I’ll… if that’s really okay with you and the Wilsons, I- I’d like that, thank you.”
“That a promise?” Steve asked, a watery smile on his face as he watched Tony.
didn’t try,” he whispered, and there was something bitter in his tone, something that reminded Steve of
Tony doesn’t even think about shutting it down. It’s the only thing that keeps him sane, some nights. Knowing that he still has that; that tiny semblance of control. That even if he can’t ultimately stop his friends if they are hellbent on it; he can do his damn hardest to get to them before it gets to that point.
, he told himself quickly, feeling his cheeks begin to turn red just from the thought. That was enough of that. Very inappropriate timing.
here. I… you’re what I want. Trust me,” Tony said, making an effort to keep his voice as clear as possible. He tried to reach out and touch Steve’s face again, but Steve just smiles and catches his hands, thumbs stroking softly along his knuckles.
Steve stopped, the high-pitched voice not registering as familiar to him. He turned, hand still at the handle of the door which led out to the parking lot, and spotted the Parker kid panting slightly, a few feet away from him. He must have run to follow Steve out of the room.
“He got caught in the quantum—look, can you put Tony on the phone? He might understand this better,” she said hurriedly, and Tony’s brow creased as Steve handed over the phone, but he slipped it up to his ear all the same and then listened in while Natasha talked. He asked questions occasionally, but mostly absorbed the information given to him, until eventually just shutting his eyes and running a hand over his face.
It might have seemed a bit strange, considering his pretty sheltered background. He’d never really had the opportunity to go out trick or treating, nor had he ever been able to have an excuse to dress up and actually celebrate it with anyone else- but the excitement and vicarious pleasure he got from seeing
“Hi,” the man said pretty cheerfully, wasting no time as he summoned a huge ball of flame and then hurled it at Tony. “We haven’t met. I’m Cass.”
Pepper glanced at her watch then, and turned back to Steve with an apologetic look on her face. “Sorry, but we’ve really gotta head off now. I’m sorry for bursting in on you like this- It was nice meeting you Steve.” She paused, contemplating her words for a moment before taking in a small breath and pinning her gaze right on his own. “Although I’ll just say, if you do end up hurting him with intent, then you’re going to wish you’d never met
Ultimately, he’d missed his slot. Sure, it wasn’t the end of the world, and he could make a new plan in regards to asking Steve on a date, but still…
“Hey, wait, I don’t want you to
The man took one look at him and then sighed. “Oh, Tony.”
Tony shrugged nonchalantly, before a hand delved into his seemingly bottomless jacket-pocket. A moment later, he’d pulled out a box and was tossing it over to the girl, who caught it in surprise. “There you go. One pack as promised. I’ll see y-“
“Yes, like stupid knock-knock jokes or sarcastic comments, not
Tony turned to him for a second- and God, Steve could see the little moment of indecision in the back of his eyes, he watched as Tony opened and shut his mouth a few times-
supposed to do?
Well. Sort of wrong.
Steve always felt so angry whenever Tony got hurt. He snarled and growled and made sure that anyone who laid a finger on him paid for it, always. HYDRA knew it. AIM knew it. Every villain on the face of the Earth was aware that when you hurt Tony Stark, you hurt Steve. And when that happened,
The stupid boy in question was stood at the threshold of the door, looking supremely awkward as he stared into the kitchen and across all three of them. When his eyes caught Steve’s, he shuffled back on his feet and looked down. Steve noticed in shock, that in the space between going to school that day and turning up here, Tony had managed to accumulate about a dozen more scrapes and bruises. He looked as if he was leaning a little more on his left side.
“Why’d you move over here anyway, Rogers?” Ty asked him suddenly, cocking his head calculatingly down at Steve and taking a sip of his coffee. Steve fought the urge to just bat it right out of his hand.
Him, Peggy and Bucky were all over at her place, having just come back from picking her up from yet another failed date. Apparently she was trying to play the field, and she was after a man for the end of the semester- but at the standard of dates she was picking up, this was beginning to seem unlikely.
! What did I say about picking your fucking moments-“
Tony kept his eyes fixed on the table, and wished there was another mug to throw. There wasn’t- so he turned away.
he hissed desperately, reactor going back to Steve’s chest, “come on sweetheart, you’re not fucking dying on me today.”
“Go on,” Bruce said wearily, bringing Tony back to the living room.,
and he couldn’t even do that, he felt lightheaded, sick to his stomach with fear and panic and—
“Of course I won’t.”
“We should kill the bastard where he stands,” Thor gritted, pointing a finger out of the window into the dark New York night, “we should do to him what he did to Tony.”
of November. That left an empty house on none other than Halloween itself. And maybe if Tony gave Steve a really,
There were kisses being marked along the jut of his collar-bone when he awoke the next morning.
"is that... how is your throat..."
“I think something in my bow is catching as it fires,” Clint said, lifting his bow up and stroking it soothingly, “I can compensate for it, but I might need it looking over before I go into any more missions.”
Slowly, Tony made his way through each cut and bruise on his midsection, pressing icepacks into the worse ones and then just frowning unhappily at the lesser, like his disapproval alone would make them go away. When it came to the broken rib, Steve thought he would just leave it, but Tony fixed it up like every other injury; wrapping a bandage around the area until it was strapped across his chest and setting the rib in place.
“Tony,” Steve rasped, looking at him and feeling his eyes prickle with hotness, “believe me when I say that there is… there’s
,” he said with a sigh, then another unimpressed look in Thor’s direction as he added “and his idiot brother.”
happen again-
Thirty seconds later, and Tony was snoring lightly into Steve’s shoulder, just as Steve predicted. He grinned to himself, kissing the nearby forehead one last time before resting his hand over Tony’s reactor and following suit.
“I’m not going to ask how your friend called Bucky Barnes got my number, because I feel like it will involve an intensely weak password for your phone and about a billion security risks that I’m not willing to deal with right now- but he told me I needed to look out for you today, so-” she shrugged a little and handed him a bar of chocolate. It was a bit soft, and Steve was lactose intolerant, but he smiled anyway.
The scientists at SHIELD weren’t entirely sure what HYDRA had done to him. Tony himself barely remembers the entire period, other than it being a pain-fuzzed blur full of screams and misery. You know, the usual shit, torture was bad, etc etc etc- but what he did know came from what the Avengers had told him. They’d been tracking him ever since he’d been taken on the way back from work, and when they’d eventually managed to locate him to some bumfuck town on the border of Pennsylvania, they’d found him locked into some sort of… machine. A headset had been wrapped around his head, and wires had fed in through his temples and directly into the machinery.
“Clint, Thor, get out,” Tony told them bluntly, “now.”
Bucky turned quickly back to the road, but he stole glances Steve’s way instead. “What the fuck?” He repeated, tapping his fingers across the wheel, “why the fuck would he… and he didn’t apologize or offer any explanation? Nothing?”
day he was gonna grow. Then at least he wouldn’t get neck cramps from looking up at tall people all damn day.
not come out in the wash, but then Bruce gently lifted his leg and his ruined pants quickly became the least of his problems. “FUCK!” He hissed through his teeth, head spinning with the pain.
Peter grinned right back at him, and a second later he was off, stumbling through the battlefield with a happy cry of ‘Mister Stark!’
Or, well- not surprising at all, actually, considering what the man could do on a dancefloor,
“We’ve got a situation,” Fury said immediately, the tone of his voice implying something serious, “Barnes checked in with us last night. Says he had an altercation with another of HYDRA’s assets while he was on a stakeout in Prague.”
“As if I’d ever let you make a scene like that in my cafeteria,” Natasha poked him across the table, “this place is for eating and sleeping only. You’d have to take it to the courts, and by that time you’d have lost interest anyway.”
Of course, though, Steve came to the rescue not even half an hour later. Apparently calmed down from his earlier outburst, he found Tony still scrubbing at the floor of their bathroom and then sighed loudly, the “oh, Tony,” permeating the air like a heavy bass note in a silent auditorium. He crouched down on his haunches and then gently pulled Tony into his chest, stroking his hair until he stopped shaking so hard, and then gently pressed an ice-pack to the swelling on his cheek.
Tony looked at him, and his lip twitched in amusement. “My reputation exceeds me, I think,” he admitted wryly, “and I hate to break it to you, Rogers, but I’m not actually a good person.”
gotten
Tony laughed, patting Steve gently on the shoulder and kissing him on the cheek. “Welcome to fatherhood, babe.”
Ah, fuck, Steve was in love.
The door of the room slammed shut, and Steve resisted the urge to yell into the emptiness in frustration as he stormed down the corridor. Goddamn it, why did he fucking
He was
“—No, the reason I’m in this mess is because I chose to be a fucking immoral bastard, and you know what, I think this is a fair punishment for what I did.” Steve’s eyes moved to Tony’s forehead, the bruising there. “They hurt you,” he whispered, feeling his own words like a physical blow, “they hurt you, and that was because of me.”
Mr. Wilson said nothing, his eyes wide and mouth open. Steve felt his breathing coming in short again—all day, that rage had just burned inside him. He knew it wasn’t going to last. Soon it would turn to sadness, guilt. It always did. But for now, he had his rage. And he was damn well going to harness it if it would make Mr. Wilson just sit and fucking listen to him for a second.
But this was where he was. Stumbling around some street he didn’t even know, drunk off his face. It just… didn’t make sense to Steve.
Tony chuckled. “It was a bad day for the both of us. I’d been trying to make a statement, she’d been trying to relieve stress, it worked out. Everything just… went from there, really.”
“Sleep well,” he murmured, slowly slipping out of Tony’s grip and untangling himself until he was stood straight once more and looking down at Tony, who had slumped into the place Steve had just been occupying. He paused for a moment and then turned away toward the shelf in the corner of the room, pulling out a slightly dusty blanket from within and then draping it carefully over Tony’s sprawled body. Once tucked in, he wandered over to the boy’s feet and began unlacing his shoes, careful not to be too jerky and end up waking him again. However, aside from a few sleepy murmurs and little twitches, Tony remained unconscious.
“I didn’t mean to get so angry,” Steve told him softly, a thumb brushing across Tony’s cheek, “I just... I worry. You’re out there and you’re drunk, and you have a lot of enemies-”
With Steve.
No one was worried as they made their way out of the cafeteria. Tony was firmly sandwiched in between two grim-looking supersoliders, both with enough weaponry and strength to take out two thirds of the ship on their own.
Christ, how did I fall for that? SHIELD must’ve snatched you up the moment you left me, huh?”
Fuck.
It took Steve a second to open his eyes- a second in which Tony’s mind flashed briefly through the tiresomely familiar
He took a deep breath and yanked it off before he could think too hard. Or, at least, tried to.
He couldn’t even feel annoyed at his friends. He was still riding the post-marrige high, as he had been for the past month.
He wished he’d just fucking worked it out. Wished he hadn’t been so pathetic over the whole thing- oh, poor little Tony, Steve’s hitting you, it must be because that’s just what you deserve, huh? He hadn’t even Goddamn considered the fact that Steve would never touch him like that in a million fucking years. No, no, it’d been all about
“It’s fine,” Steve said a little warily, “I’m pretty sure you’re entitled to some yelling after I dragged you across the city to come fetch me.”
“Yeah, I touch because I know what it is!” Tony snapped, “I have mechanisms in my suit that insulate me from currents and laser beams and death rays. You’re all… fleshy and exposed, Jeeze, Steve-“
He braced himself as the next video came up, knowing that it was going to be the same stuff. Over and over again, each video, they did different experiments on the tiny little baby in the crib. Tony watched their joy as they discovered Peter’s adhesive abilities, watched their irritation mount higher when they stopped being able to get anything else out of him. Tony felt sick to his stomach, but he couldn’t stop viewing it all as it unfolded in front of him. He
Steve shook his head a little, smiling sadly back and then turning away. Tony wasn’t even his friend, really. It wasn’t his job to worry. Tony obviously knew his own mind; knew what he was doing far better than Steve did.
He’d never made it home.
“If he snuffs it on the way, I’ve fitted him with a GPS tracker,” Peggy told them, watching George Clooney on the screen with unwavering intensity, “we can get to him before the pizza gets cold.”
“Apologies, Tony, there is no other space to hold,” Thor said, giving him a look that meant there were
Steve watched him for a moment; breathing in, out, the rhythmic motion of smoking that seemed to offer him at least some form of relief. He was staring out ahead of him- and Steve really had to wonder how he knew this place, and knew it
Tony nodded, eyes starting to droop at the sound of Steve’s quiet voice. His body truly was exhausted, pushed to the limit both physically and emotionally. It’d been a long day, after all. “I’m serious ‘bout the electricity thing,” he mumbled as he shut his eyes and snuggled down against Steve’s side, “you’re not allowed to touch it again. Any form at all.”
Steve had almost drifted back into a light sleep when Tony started talking.
Steve shuffled. “I’ve always wanted one,” he blurted, “and I always will. I… I’m not sure how to say this, but—”
She just laughed. “Tony, I was never gonna go to the Bahamas. Same way Clint wasn’t ever gonna go see his family in Wyoming and Steve wasn’t going to take that mission which fell during the Christmas period. They were just little musings, I guess. What-if’s.”
Time and time again, Steve had done nothing but let Tony down. And yet here Tony was, patching him up, taking him in, not even thinking about it.
He didn’t say anything. Just grabbed Steve’s hand and linked their fingers together.
And, to make matters worse, Bruce barged back in through the door a few seconds later with a look on his face that told Tony that although their friends were miles away, their enemies were not. The man had small flecks of snow in his hair, and the wind gushed in behind him. A new round of snowfall was on its way.
Without waiting another second, Steve got slowly to his feet and made his way to the door. Just as his hand curled around the handle, however, it was pulled open for him, and Steve looked on in surprise at Sam’s impatient face as he was tugged from the living room and then pushed through corridor hurriedly, until landing his feet on the other side of the room to Tony.
“Love you,” he mumbled absently, feeling Steve pull his socks off with a small tinker of laughter. He got another kiss for that.
Tony opened his mouth to say something along the lines of ‘you’re a goddamn New Yorker and you can’t handle a bit of piss?’ When his train of thought was suddenly interrupted by JARVIS’ voice, speaking up through the sound system. “Excuse me sirs,” he said politely, “but it appears Peter is attempting to mash Lego blocks into the DVD player.”
Tony waited for the telltale crackle, but nothing came. A second later, JARVIS’ apologetic tones spoke up. “It appears Collins has taken the night off, Sir.”
to run around after me.”
okay. I’m not. Let’s just… sit.”
Steve felt the strangely familiar sense of dislike at the mention of the people Tony hung out with. Putting a tentative hand on Tony’s arm, he watched as Tony followed the motion with his eyes. “Did they… what did they do?” He asked softly, half dreading the answer.
Tony debated the question. He still had a hell of a lot of work, and if he went home then Steve would probably want him to sleep, which Tony wasn’t particularly keen on. But, at the same time…
” Tony hissed, stumbling away. His eyes were stinging, but he refused to cry, not here, not with Steve watching. “I don’t… it’s
“That’s not exactly me being hard on mys-“
It looked as if a few of them were still curiously waiting for more to come, but Steve, along with the help of Sam, stared them all into submission- and one by one, they turned back the TV and settled down again.
“Get a room!” Peggy yelled, whilst Tony got a pillow in the back of the head from Peggy. Steve was half tempted to take Tony and do exactly that, but Tony broke off before he could suggest it, and threw the pillow right back in Peggy’s face, which of course, ended up in full-scale war.
Tony sighed dramatically. “Oh, Steve,” he said, lifting his left hand and then waving his fingers, “I wish I could, but I’m already married.”
He smiled in disbelief, tilting his head to press a kiss into the centre of Tony’s new palm. It wasn’t warm, and that was a little strange. But it was nothing that Steve couldn’t handle. “It feels like you,” he declared, and then pulled Tony into the tightest of hugs, happy to just stand there in the workshop and hold Tony close.
Thor cast a glance into the small crowd, and his eyes stopped on one of the boys in the back. Dark, greasy hair and a tall frame, with blank eyes that just stared back impassively. Something crossed Thor’s face for a second- something horribly sad- before it blanked out and the look of disdain returned in full force.
“Does this thing have autopilot?” He muttered, for once in his life wishing that he’d taken the air-force route in the military. JARVIS was doing a great job of keeping him up in the air though, and as soon as Steve vocalised the question, the heads-up display flickered to life and offered him a tracking view of the massive thing stomping around on the pavement.
it was one of the few things his Mom had treasured and Steve had just gone and had it fucking stolen.
“Mmm,” Tony said, “which one of us is forcing me into buying shitty low-fat butter and coercing me into cutting back on caffeine?”
The bruising was something he could handle at home, the broken rib was an injury he received pretty much every month, and the leg… well, he might need a crutch for a while, but that was nothing he couldn’t handle. He just wanted to get the fuck out. Go home. Back to normal. If he was in the tower, things would be… easier. Right now, Tony felt as if everyone was walking on eggshells around him and he could barely fucking stand it. The whole team had come in trying to give some variation of an apology that Tony didn’t goddamn need- it was hardly their fault that Steve got possessed by some alien doohickie, after all. Tony was the one who’d missed all the signs. Tony was the one who’d been so fucking caught up in feeling sorry for himself that he hadn’t stopped to think about
of the fact that she left him with us.”
Steve winced. “I just… have to, okay, but we can do it when I get back! I-”
Tony laughed, shutting his eyes and then resting his head into the hollow of Steve’s neck. “No shit.” He breathed out and kissed Steve’s bare skin. “But you’re okay now. You’re safe. We got you. I promise, you’re not… whatever they showed you, it was not real. It won’t ever be real.”
Actually- scratch that- yes he was. It was Clint. All bad things in the world happened because of Clint.
“I’m sorry Miss Romanov, but that’s confidential. We’re just here to respond to the matter and try to make sure that any potentially vulnerable children are accounted for.”
Rhodey muttered a goodbye, and Steve hung up with a blank look on his face, trying to swallow the lump that had suddenly formed in his throat. He thought back, all those months ago, to the first time that Tony had ever brought him to his home. Back when Steve’d gotten mugged. He’d been confused by the way Tony had scrubbed so desperately at his car, trying to clean off the non-existent dirt. And he’d told Steve to shut up when Steve had asked him about it. Other times, too- like when they’d been talking to one another, and Steve had jokingly called him a useless boy, and Tony’s face had just… blanked. He’d gone home barely even five minutes after. God- Steve had even learned not to grab his wrists too hard, because the one time he had, Tony had wrenched them away and immediately apologized over and over, keeping his head bowed and his gaze on the floor despite doing absolutely nothing wrong. Like it was a knee-jerk reaction.
Steve hated him.
It was his fault.
“February 19th, 2016,” she began quietly, biting her lip, “I named the test subject, today. They told me never to do that, because it would give him an identity and we’d get attached. But I think I’ve already been compromised.” She looked down, smiling faintly. “Peter suits him, anyway.”
go?” Rhodey cut in before he could finish, and Tony’s throat closed up. He looked at his best friend, and the man just looked back, unflinching.
The boy hovered awkwardly for a moment, and Steve looked at him hard; too thin and too bitter and too old for what he should have been. Just another causality of reality. Thor opened his mouth, the first syllables of his brother’s name falling off his tongue, but Loki decided at that moment that he had said too much, because he did what he always did best, apparently, and marched out of the room without looking back.
“Helpful,” Steve muttered, flinging his shield down the corridor and watching in satisfaction as it bounced on the corner and knocked three people to their feet. It appeared they had ended up on the floor in which all the thugs were descending from- useful if Tony had been fully equipped with a functioning Iron Man suit, not quite so useful when all he had was Bucky’s old semi-automatic and a sore neck from working too many nights down in the lab.
“Put me down,” Steve told him, and with a small sigh of defeat, Tony did. He looked down at his expensive shoes and stepped back, readying to accept defeat.
“Pops, I don’t want to hear about how much you hate dad, okay,
“...Ohhkaaayy
time- if he was useless without the suit, it wouldn’t be long before they decided he was just useless altogether. Rhodey was a better Iron Man than him, true, but Tony was far too selfish to give it up. He needed to fix himself before it was too late, and they all realised how much better things probably were without him.
Tony jumped wildly, looking up at the opening door. He put his hand around the gun he kept under his desk, not too sure why. Comfort, maybe. Not that he needed it. It was Steve.
“That- that was
he grumbled, rolling his face so it was shielded by Steve’s body.
was too strong. He felt warm, but uncomfortable. Like he wasn’t part of his own body. Like he was floating.
Tony smiled and then repositioned his arm into a more comfortable location, then leaned up on his tiptoes and kissed his cheek, stopping to flick Peter on the nose along the way and make the boy’s face crinkle up adorable. “Perfect,” he agreed with a nod of his head. Steve smiled down at him, soft and gentle, and for a moment Tony wondered what this could be like if it was real. If this was actually something he and Steve could have, one day. To keep.
Steve was silent for a second, before he cleared his throat and answered. “What if we didn’t let them go.”
Tony nodded, getting slowly to his feet. His jacket sleeves were pulled up slightly as he stretched, and Steve watched twin purple marks flash under the material for a second before being covered once more.
God dammit. This definitely made things a hell of a lot more inconvenient.
“Uh, alright,” Steve said, sticking his head into the car and then looking at the tangled mess of wires with a frown, “you might have to walk me through it. Why were you even hooked up to the car anyway?”
There was a short silence, and then Steve huffed, standing up on his bed and walking over to the window by his wall. Yanking it open and sticking his head out, he caught sight of Bucky underneath him, hands in his pockets and looking remarkably like a defiant child. Which Steve figured was pretty fucking accurate.
The room around him was white, sterile, spacious. Soft sunlight filtered in through the windows on the left side, showing the tips of skyscrapers along the blue horizon. And he was warm. He could feel it all around him, temperate air, not a hint of chill in the atmosphere. This was definitely not the Alps, he realised.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Oh, who says
There was a round of murmured agreement, and Tony stood back up again gently, walking over to Steve and sharing an apprehensive look. "Right," he said with a swallow, "back to bed for us, I guess."
“You mean you’ll
“Sorry,” Steve muttered, “I’m just worried.”
Steve, baby, sweetheart, darling, honey-pie, could-bounce-a-quarter-off-that-ass-Rogers! Listen, my love; our friends are staging an intervention!” He called out delightedly, ignoring the shove he received from Clint in order to turn and run toward Steve, jumping theatrically into his husband’s arms.
"You're a piece of shit, Zeke," Tony growled, stepping forward, "and I fucking warned you about pissing me off."
“Touched as I am that you seem to care so much, you’re not actually my mother,” Steve snapped, rolling his eyes and turning around. “I don’t need life advice from Tony Stark, thanks.”
Tony sat slowly onto the couch, grinning up at Steve with a little embarrassment. “I’m feeling a slight sense of déjà vu here,” he admitted, “although to be fair, the memories of this room the first time around are a lot blurrier.”
“And I appreciate that, but when you’ve binge-eaten ten portions of Chinese, it’s just nicer for everyone if you can clean away your stuff, I’m not asking for the world.”
Steve slipped on his coat and threw a goodbye their way before heading out onto the street. It was only a ten minute walk to the place, and although the evening was overcast, it wasn’t enough for Steve to waste money on a bus fare. He was a little tougher than that, thank you very much.
“We’re gonna make Howard Stark pay for this,” Rhodey said, and Steve nodded vehemently, “it might take months, or years. But we’ll do it.”
He sighed. “Ugh, Wade was
Steve practically whimpers the next time he breaks away, gently untangling Tony’s hands from his neck and shivering. “Uhh, uh. We can’t. You need… you need to get some rest, Tony, you’ve ha-
“if you ever need someone,” Sam said quietly, a smile on his face, “you know where I am, yeah?”
’ sort of bad, he’s just…”
...But it all came back to him at night, when he was sleepless and tinkering in the workshop.
Yeah. Steve definitely didn’t like him. He turned back around again, looking at the place he’s last seen the both of them and grimaced.
already, quit it with the compliments, weirdo" Tony mumbled, but Steve knew from the way he was smiling that he didn't mean a word of that. Steve rolled his eyes- Tony could charm the pants off a stranger, but the moment he received a genuine compliment, he blushed firetruck red and suddenly forgot how to speak.
"Oh, so what, you guys named him?" Clint raised an eyebrow and looked down at the boy, rocking him a little jerkily. Tony winced. "Look, you're clearly the parental figures here-"
“Oh, s’alright Nat, he’s coming around,” the man said above him, and Steve moaned softly as he dragged his eyes open. The light burned into his retinas, and so he quickly rethought his decision and snapped them shut once more. The buzzing still rang out in his ears. “Jesus, Steve, how do you manage to propel yourself into the most dangerous objects you can find, huh?”
“Steve,
“Oh, just fuck off and leave it, Tony,” Steve said, but it lacked the anger of before, and now it just sounded resigned. Tired. Sad.
“24 hours? Don’t make me laugh- that shit was at least a month’s worth of emotional blackmail, come on-“
- when Tony said later that it would be better to keep it casual, Steve found himself agreeing on autopilot. He knew it wouldn’t end well, seeing as he had already found himself half in love with the man by the time he’d taken his clothes off, but in his defence, he probably would have said anything if it meant that he would be able to sleep with the guy. The way he’d felt for Tony on that night had been something he just hadn’t felt before. A connection on a deep level, an understanding and an appreciation. Tony, to him, had been perfect.
He was dead, Steve realised, feeling somewhat detached from it all. Just like that. He was gone.
He stopped briefly at Clint's side, unaware he'd even moved in that direction until he was booping Peter gently on the nose. "Be good, wretch," he muttered, not looking at Clint as the man sniggered, "I'll see you all this evening."
“I got you,” he said soothingly, “it’s alright. We’re good, Tony. You need to rest.”
At that, Thor did actually glance up at him with a small twitch of his lips. “Please don’t punch anyone,” he said firmly, “I don’t want any injuries, on your side or theirs. Plus Tony might kill me.”
“Are you serious?” Natasha asked, jumping to her feet and checking out the contents of the tickets, eyes widening a little as she read through. “Oh my God, you guys, we better haul ass- the show starts in 30 minutes.”
Steve leaned forward and passed the rest of the hour deciding which colors would work for Tony’s skin, how he could style it, how he’d capture the essence just right. It was a familiar feeling- one he found he’d missed a lot more than he’d previously thought- and before he knew it, the hour had gone and the detention was finished. Of course, Tony had left before Steve could even gather his things and try going after him, and he just sighed in irritation as he watched the boy fly out of the exit without sparing a glance in Steve’s direction.
He swallowed down the bile that was pushing its way up his throat and then walked into the harsh white lights and antiseptic environment of the hospital, walking the route toward Tony’s quarters. He knew where it was, Natasha had told him in case he wanted to visit. People stared at him as he rushed through the corridors, probably recognising his face, but again, he didn’t care. Not for any of them.
And if it sent a nice ol’ message to dear Tiberius about who did and who did
“Well, by all means Steve, initiate your grand plan. I’m intrigued as to how you’re gonna get around all these problems here.”
“What’s wrong?” he said with a sigh, because he was a fucking sucker.
. Uhh… wow-” Tony stammers again, glancing back at Steve, unable to find the words to express how suddenly overcome he is with the tidal wave of emotion that’s just punched him in the gut. About how amazing he thinks Steve is, like this, in his element. Surrounded by colour and sunlight and magic.
Tony comes back to find Steve... occupied.
Steve stood up and walked out of the cafe, shutting the door gently behind him and shoving his hands deep into his pockets. He resisted the desperate urge to go to Tony, and instead made for the tower, intending to head for the gym. But halfway there, he stopped himself. He didn’t want to punch anything- not ever again. He didn’t want to be reminded of how strong he was, his endurance, how much fucking damage he could do.
With an embarrassed groan, Steve pushed himself off the bath and wandered forward, his hands wrapping around Tony’s waist. He rested his mouth against Tony’s bare shoulder, kissing him absently. “It’s been
that fort. I put my heart and soul into that fort.”
- he realized that maybe it hadn’t been quite as good an idea as he had previously thought.
His breath wheezed out through a tight throat and he forced himself not to panic, to turn his emotion into strength as he traversed the mountain as fast as he could. He had a direction to head in now. He’d been calling out all night to see if he could get a response, but gunfire was a far louder alternative and the more of it Steve heard, the more precise his direction became. But with each bullet, the terror rose. Any one of them could have planted themselves in a chest, in a head. Tony, Nat, Rhodey, Bruce. He wasn’t sure how well any of them were armed. Had they managed to pick up any weapons along the way? Or were all these shots from the enemy?
“Now, we all know I am not one to believe the rumours,” Sam began with, which was a) a total fucking lie- Sam was a gossip and the world knew it- and b) not a very good way to start a sentence. Steve figured that his sense of embarrassment was about to get a whole lot worse. “But basically… I was on the phone to Nat this morning, who’d just been on a jog with Jan who had slept over at Carol’s who had been at some party last night, and
Tony was centimetres away from him. His eyes were shining, and he was obviously holding back a smile. Steve glared sullenly back at him, really hoping that the red across his face and down his neck wasn’t visible.
Not That Steve was thinking about that. Definitely not. He was just… making an observation.
The universe had relied on Steve and Tony to be a team, and Steve had let the universe down.
“Do we need to go in, because
As Steve continued to sing to him, Peter relaxed a little in Tony's arms, head drooping onto Tony's chest as he swayed them both gently and remained as quiet as he could. He listened almost as intently to Steve as Peter was, hypnotized by the strange language. He supposed that was the point of a lullaby, after all.
not one of the scenarios he’d envisioned.
“And the team are going to come barging up here with pitchforks unless we hurry up,” Steve interrupted, throwing on a shirt and smiling as he crossed the room and jumped back on the bed, crawling over to Tony and covering his face with kisses, despite the man’s giggling protests.
“What would you have pegged me as, then?” He asked, frowning a little.
“Idiots,” Tony muttered for the fifth time, shaking his head.
With a soft sigh, Tony shot him one last look before backing away until his legs hit the couch and he fell back down. His hand went back into his pocket and when it came out, it was empty.
“You’re not allowed to drink, though, mister,” Clint flicked Steve on the nose and shook his head, “you’re too young.”
“I trusted you,” Tony whispered from underneath him, blood all over his face, words breaking as they left his mouth, and Steve wished he was dead.
“Steve! Light of my life, apple to my pie, straw to my berry, I have excellent- oh” he stopped at the door, noticing Steve’s curled up form on their huge bed, facing away from Tony and clutching at pillows he’d grabbed from the head of the bed.
He really was perfect.
“Tony?” Steve asked, and oh, Tony was in front of him. He hadn’t even realised he’d been walking. “Are you okay? You look—”
He turned his head, instead sparing a look over to the little boy on the other side of the couch. He was staring out of the window with wide eyes and an open mouth, chubby little hands outstretched and occasionally making aborted grabbing motions. Tony realised he must be looking at the rain as it dropped down to the ground below.
“About me?” Steve finished icily, which,
With one last smile, he turned back to where he was headed- only to bump into someone as soon as he did so. They yelled in displeasure and Steve’s eyes widened, arms going out immediately. “Oh fuck, I’m so sorry, I wasn’t looking where I was g-“
. Thought he was hot shit because he was popular and the star player of the school soccer team and smart and funny and beautiful. And he always walked around wearing that ridiculous leather jacket with about a hundred zips and buttons on it, and it wasn’t cool, no matter what he said.
at your flirting, honestly-”
When they arrived up in the kitchen, they got a variety of cheers and ‘The Geniuses Return!’. Of course, Tony got his ‘your face looks like it got hit by a truck’ comments too, but he quickly passed them off with the same excuse he’d given Bruce, and soon it was forgotten in favour of dinner. Steve arrived back home about half-way through, and although his face looked pinched, he still smiled at them all and then kissed Tony on the forehead as he passed to get his plate from the side. Tony smiled with his good side and didn’t think about why there was now a good and a bad side to his face. Didn’t matter.
He felt Tony’s smile, and it encouraged him to continue. Pulling away from Tony, he wrapped his hand tight around the other boy’s neck and pressed their foreheads together, eyes falling shut as he focused on just trying to breathe. Everything with Tony, everything about him- it was racing, and it was intense. Terrifying. Amazing.
Steve just rolled his eyes and tried not to smile.
It was like the sunset- quiet and delicate and
“Yes Mrs Wilson,” he said in amusement, side-eyeing Sam as the other boy scowled and got to his feet, “have a good day at work.”
to one another and acted like they were Peter’s Goddamn age.
The man just swallowed, and then gave a small nod. “Yeah, of course, I’ve got you,” he murmured, stepping forward and moving slowly around the bed to Tony’s pillow where he knew Tony kept his pajamas. Getting changed with broken bones was always an awkward process, but this time around was just ten times worse. Mostly because Steve knelt down and went to take his foot and undo his laces, but froze up about an inch away from Tony’s skin, seemingly backing out of the action. He looked like a rabbit caught in the headlights.
“Yep,” Tony popped the word before shoving a potato into his mouth, smiling at Natasha and then leaning sideways so his cheek rested on Steve’s shoulder. Steve hummed happily. He was still holding the slip of paper from the Christmas cracker, and his crown was still skewed on his head, and his body was warm and strong, and Tony realised that he wouldn’t mind staying in this hospital bed at all if Steve was there with him. Which spoke volumes, really, because barely anything could keep him still for long.
He gaped in total surprise, all of it falling into place perfectly. He’d always wondered why Loki had chosen to say that, of all things. How he’d known. The science behind all this made no sense to Steve, and he wondered if, in a decade or so’s time, this Steve Rogers in front of him would also find love in the modern world, or if them coming back here right now would change something irrevocably for this man. Steve wondered what would have happened to himself, had he not been in this situation and heard the phrase ‘Bucky’s alive’ fall out of his own mouth. Maybe he never would have made that first step with Tony. Maybe they’d never have fallen in love.
“So, we know the sides of the right-angled triangles are given special names, obviously, hypotenuse, adjacent, etcetera ectera. Just to start us off, how would you guys work out the angle YZ?”
Steve eyed him, remembering what it was SHIELD had told him to say. “There’s a huge weapons stash that they’ve been collecting into one place, and I think they’re planning on selling them off to the same countries we’re supposedly at war with. Some sort of scheme to keep the conflict going, I dunno what exactly their reasons were—guess the longer the US remain in wherever it is they’re trading with, the easier it is to extract what they want from the country without consequence. But there’s enough weaponry in there to level a city. God knows who it’s going to.”
“How do we know he’s the only one?” Thor asked solemnly, looking over to Natasha. But it was Tony who answered.
Well, not him. The bag he was re-packing was what was grabbing all the attention right now.
That left Tony, Steve, Natasha and the LMD, which currently appeared to be kicking Natasha’s ass into the nearby wall. He moved at lightning speed, each move calculated and perfectly executed, not flagging or feeling any of the pain that came from the blows raining down on him. Tony was no use in hand-to-hand here; hell, Steve and Natasha combined were barely able to hold the thing back.
, and then give me the controls. Understood?”
This was his home—this bed underneath him, the chest of drawers cluttered with physics books and Tony’s tablet, the pictures that lined the walls; ones of him and Tony kissing under the Eiffel Tower, ones of the team, all of them passed out on the sofa in various states of injury and undress after a particularly tiring battle. It was still messy, because he and Tony had left in the morning and Steve usually tidied everything up in the evening when he got back in. Tony’s notebook and pen were strewn on the bed next to him. The pen was uncapped.
And it was stupid. All his friends cared, and all he had to do was ask. But he just couldn’t. He couldn’t put himself in that position of vulnerability. They were all busy anyways. He wasn’t going to bother them with his own shitty mood.
Tony’s forehead wrinkled. It seemed like a bit of reach to him, in that moment. “Okay, maybe you’ve got a point with the movies,” he said, “but… but the rest, it’s just… it’s just lighthearted. No one is making fun of you, Steve. And they… people dress up as all sorts. Cats and cops and nurses and stuff. It’s not always…”
Tony felt his expression stick on his face awkwardly as the thoughts occurred inside his brain, but it went unnoticed by the rest of the team, all too busy pampering Peter and lavishing him with their attention. They were living off borrowed time, and everyone in the tower knew it, but no one was trying to distance themselves from the inevitable downfall that Tony could see was coming. He had a bedtime routine and a favourite toy and, and God, Tony scheduled his meetings around Peter now, he hadn’t even really thought about it, he was just doing it because it was the obvious thing to do. Why wouldn’t he do that? Peter needed him. Tony, whether he liked it or not, had essentially become a stand-in fucking father to this child. So had Steve. And they’d not really spoken about it, they’d not made a point of it, but it was true.
“You’ll be up
“I could,” Tony answered as he hobbled along with Steve, “but this whole building is lined with transmission blocking equipment. I looked at the blueprints to this place a few months ago; there’s an electromagnetic system running through the walls in this place, and all your tech runs on a closed system within the building. The transponders in my arm can’t pick up a signal because your stupid SHIELD equipment keeps scrambling it. You must fucking hate working here- no internet, seriously? Why do that to yourself?” Tony turned to Steve as he began to lead them through the corridors, face pulled tight. “But I’m digressing. Do you have a plan?”
“And as a robot, my most fundamental code is designed around Asimov’s three laws,” JARVIS said, not rising to Steve’s insult, “the second of which states that I must obey orders only if they do not conflict with the first law. And
“You think I’ll be better off alone?” Steve yelled throatily, and he could almost feel the pain in his heart as it tore itself in two- like Tony was just reaching in and yanking, “you think any life that remains is anything close to what I have with you? I’d rather die and spend what’s left of my living with the person I fell in love with than live out the rest of my days without you. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
“Of course I want to marry you,” he finished up what he’d been going to say before Tony could lose himself in his quickly spiralling thoughts, and watched Tony go completely still in front of him, “that’s… that’s not even a question, Tony. I just… I just don’t know why you would want to. After everything I’ve done.” His voice wobbled toward the end, full of guilt as the memories flashed back through his head once more. Images of blood, of Tony’s pale face, broken and bruised under his hands. It wasn’t real. Steve could see from looking at Tony’ face that it wasn’t.
“He’s fine,” Bucky assured hurriedly, standing up with Steve, pushing against his chest, “but you’ve got to stay here for a bit, okay, you’re hurt-”
“Well, first of all, it’s not my arms that are magical Iron Man beacons,” Tony grouched, hurrying over to the large double-glazed windows at the other side of the room and peering over his shoulder to the door. “It’s the very small and very cool nodes that I’ve implanted under my skin that are the beacons. And look at where this place is stationed. You’re in the middle of New York, Steve, bracketed between a bank and a college. You think they’re gonna be happy if they can’t use their phones within ten feet of your building?” Tony shook his head and then raised his hand expectantly to Steve. “The signal will be on one side of walls, and it’ll face inward. Like aiming a hose at a certain flower bed. There might be the smallest amount of interference to maybe knock out a regular phone, considering the proximity, but these implants aren’t regular by any means. They’ll find a signal.”
His head jerked up, only then realising he’d curled it into his hands in the first place, and he took Tony in as the man leaned over him on the bed. He was panting a little, dishevelled and tired, and he was clutching two pots of jello in one hand while the other settled itself on Steve’s shoulder. It looked as if he’d run straight from the canteen, just like Bruce had said.
Tony was halfway to making his way back down quickly, when a hand wrapped around his waist and pulled him back.
"Look, if it's ours in any way, I don't want the little guy being put into care," he told them all, "it's shitty and lonely in there. Babies need, like... love and stuff. Affection. Anyway, it could get out that we've put a kid into the system and then all hell will break loose."
Steve sniggered a little, shaking his head as he grabbed Tony’s flailing hand and pulled him inside. “I’m kidding, Tony, breathe. Sorry. You’re only like, 50 minutes late. Well, I say ‘only’-“
As he wandered into the elevator and pressed his finger against the button up to the penthouse, he heard JARVIS greet him with a soft ‘welcome back, Captain Rogers- the tower has missed you’ and smiled automatically. He loved hearing JARVIS’ voice- it was like the first sign of home. Wherever there was a JARVIS, a Tony wasn’t far behind.
“Sir,” JARVIS called out into the room, pulling Tony’s gaze away from the mug and up to the ceiling, “a police report has just broken that I think could pertain to this case at hand.”
was the top of the world.
He couldn’t remember exactly what he’d said to them all. But he remembered the way that they’d all looked at him when he had. Jesus- if he wasn’t so knocked up on morphine and totally aware that he’d wake the whole team up as soon as he moved, he’d have already started running by now. But, with that option currently unavailable, he knew there was only one other option, and that was to just deal with the fallout.
screwed.
There was a second of silence, and Steve thought that maybe Tony was going to catch him out right away, not even let him get past the first stage of this stupid plan. It was very surprising, then, when Steve heard a buzzing, and the gates started to slide apart. “
“And?” Tony asked, trying to sit upright a little further and then cursing when the movement sent fire through his leg. “Ow,
He woke up, and the first thing that he saw was Tony.
“Then I need you to keep telling everyone that I’m in the tower.” Steve walked out of the bathroom, surprised his legs were still working. It felt like his body was trying to lug around a dead brain. “I need you to tell them I’m sleeping and that I don’t want to be disturbed.”
and then turned over the sheet of paper quickly, fingers working fast across the paper with a bold marker.
Steve hadn’t heard him come in anyway.
, Steve- a whole branch of science dedicated to not knowing things,” Tony shuddered, and Steve felt it reverberate through his shoulder, “Good lord, the horror.”
_____
It was freezing, as usual, and so Steve was decked out in his usual five layers as he made his way up to school. He got weird looks from everyone else as they shivered in their fashionable tiny jackets, but Steve knew that his immune system would thank him for his own wardrobe choices and so continued as he was. Steve had long since learned to stop caring about what anyone else thought of him, be it his fashion choices or his general looks.
“Yeah,” he said quietly, “took a while to find it, considering it was- well, it was technically gone, but you know-“ he wiggled his hands a bit, “magic fingers, what can I say. You don’t have to listen to it now, I underst-“
things again, rather than just go through the motions. And he’d… and there was Tony. He’d found Tony, somehow, and that was… more than he could ever have hoped he would get, really.
“It’s your room, Steve,” Tony snapped, “don’t need to knock.”
“Huh?” Tony said when he declared it, only half listening as he soldered something or another onto one of his wiring boards. Steve swallowed and folded his arms on the couch, looking at the curve of Tony’s back, the peek of skin showing between the waistband of his jeans and the hem of his shirt.
- “you don’t know shit-all about Tony. He
“Don’t you dare,” Tony clamped a hand over his mouth firmly, “You might all be young and agile, but I’m on the wrong side of forty and have a nice lavender-scented bubble bath just waiting for me at home. No chance.”
There was a weak protest from Bruce as his name was sullied, but ultimately died down when he realised that Clint was only telling the truth. Tony glanced over at Steve, pushing his glasses further up the bridge of his nose. He still felt a little unsteady, but it was better now that he was holding the kid in his arms. Solid evidence that he was okay. Tony had never really imagined himself to be a paternal sort of guy, but when he looked down at Peter, the urge to look after him and protect him and keep him safe from all harm was so strong that it ached in his chest worse than the arc reactor did. The Avengers tower was the last place on Earth Tony had ever thought would be suitable for a child of his age, and yet now it was hard to even imagine him anywhere else. They’d sort of learned how to handle all the baby elements, and now Bruce didn’t even run and hide at the prospect of changing his diaper. Steve and Tony had a system for when Peter woke in the night, Thor was uncannily good at getting the little boy to eat everything on his plate and he always got the morning shift, and Clint & Nat both revelled in finding ways to entertain him. Tony thought that maybe Natasha even enjoyed it unironically- the chance at playing make believe, being a child in a way she’d never gotten to do before.
“Brooklyn,” he answered automatically, smile forming on his face, “lived there my whole life.”
“Since when did Jane start sticking her tongue in the mouths of guys she doesn’t know on her first meeting with them?” Tony said smoothly, mirroring her smile before leaning over Steve to grab some popcorn. Steve made sure to stay very still, just… just in case. Of something. Steve wasn’t sure what.
He was okay. He’d be okay.
playing this game today, Tony, I’ve seen you. You haven’t stopped grinning for pretty much 7 hours.”
How the goddamn hell Tony had managed to make someone like Steve Rogers fall for him, he had no idea. “I love you too,” Tony replied earnestly, fingers fiddling nervously with Steve’s collar, “I’m sorry that I’m such a mess. I’ll try and be better in future.”
Okay, a lot.
strong. It was a miracle that Tony had even fucking survived him.
He forced himself not to panic. That wouldn’t do either of them any good. And if he was lucky—if the world was kind to him, just for once, then maybe there wasn’t anything to worry about at all. Maybe this really was just an innocent miscommunication.
His hands rose, pulling Tony’s shirt up experimentally and then feeling Tony move of his own accord, arms lifting to let Steve get it off faster. Smiling in excitement, he did just that- and this time he managed to get the damn thing almost all the way off before Tony tugged at his hands and then flipped them expertly, until he was leaning over Steve and had his wrists encased gently within his hands.
Tony had a brief second to wonder why he was being made to smile his horribly wonky and odd smile- but steve wanted it.
There were three things Steve Rogers considered important in his life.
Tony did his best to try and help him. He cuddled up close during movie nights and spoke more than necessary to fill the huge gaps of silence that reminded them both of everything they weren’t saying. He pushed past the niggling fear in the back of his mind that told him to avoid confrontation with Steve and forced himself to do it more, just to try and desensitize himself to it, remind himself that Steve wouldn’t hurt him anymore, not over the goddamn TV channel.
Tony froze, hands mid-wave, the gold band around his finger glinting in the afternoon light.
God, JARVIS, do you want homeland security on our fucking asses?”
telling us to keep it strictly business over the comm.”
Tony liked him. Tony liked him and Tony had
Steve watched him, still frozen a few feet from him as Tony shuffled around and searched for something in each pocket, before grinning in triumph a second later as he pulled his hand out from the pocket of his jeans and held up-
“And what extenuating circumstances may these be, can I ask?”
Tony could admit, he was glad Steve had killed them all. Saved him a job, after all.
“Stowaway’s log, day 13,” Tony said cheerily, a small smile cracking his tight face as he leaned his head back against the wall, “uhh, same as always. Trying to teach my new Robot friend how to play games. She seems intrigued, but I’m kind of terrified about getting her into a competitive state. If I beat her at this next round of paper football I genuinely think she’ll rip my arm off, and right now, I really couldn’t use another blow like that.”
“Still banned,” she said lightly, “not very surprising. If Thor goes back there, he
“What?” He asked with an incredulous face, “guys, I know I can’t use the suit right now, but-“
Tony was in a holding cell somewhere beneath Steve’s feet, sedated and detained according to some of the agents who’d taken him on board. SHIELD had wasted no time with swarming and incapacitating him as soon as Steve had handed off his coordinates. He’d been in no condition to fight them off, and his whole suit had been busted by the giant robot. When they’d found him, there was nothing he could do except watch and accept defeat as they’d surrounded the area.
Steve stares at him incredulously for a good few moments, before shaking his head sadly and slowly raising his hand, cupping it against Tony’s cheek softly. “Are you even
It was almost like looking in a mirror, except every section of skin was painted in a different shard of colour. Backing on to a black canvas, he saw himself laughing, all natural teeth and crinkly eyes, a look of outright adoration in his eyes as he stared upward at something out of the frame- probably Steve- no one else could make him look that way.
His mind drifted to the left hand curled against Tony’s waist and the ring finger attached to it, empty and bare. That wasn’t right. Tony needed to fix that, at some point. Then everything really would be perfect.
Still, though.
And he’d paid the price.
“Try getting a bit of sleep at some point,” Steve told him with his stupid earnest face that made Tony feel things he shouldn’t feel for a team-mate. “It’s been a long week for you.”
Ty was laughing. He was smiling. He’d just ruined Tony’s whole life, and he didn’t even
Natasha was silent, and that was answer enough.
But Steve just frowned. “Another sleepless night then?” He asked, concern filtering through, “Tony-“
Except now he was thinking of Tony and handjobs, which was fucking great. Thanks, Sam.
There was silence, and then a quiet “Sure. Sorry. Let’s just…”
God, it was a terrible idea. And Tony- Jesus, the thought of someone like Tony being romantically interested in someone like him was utterly
And that had been that.
Tony spends another five minutes trying. But he can’t. He can’t, and he hates himself for it.
grabbed him by the waist and kissed him quiet.
and damn if Tony was going to let that slide. Once Steve had had a proper sleep, he was getting right on the phone with the best therapists he knew and arranging some appointments. And then have words about the size of Steve’s ever-growing schedule, and how to say no to some things for a change. Or how to tell Fury when to shove his reports up his ass. Although that one might be Tony’s job.
“Bertha,” Bucky jerked his head downward, “the car.”
Tony bit his lip a bit, looking back to the TV. His fingers fiddled absently with the hairs at the back of Steve’s neck.
“You stay, please,” he asked, “just in case. I don’t- if I… you need to stop me. Any means necessary, and I’m serious about that, alr-”
“Write ‘sorry I had sex with your best friend for real this time’ in the card.”
be sitting here right now. You would be in an interrogation cell, readying yourself for a lengthy prison sentence. We made very, very sure that Bruce was right in his conclusion. And your brain-scans match up. It wasn’t you.”
about it. It’s like I’m you guys, like I’m looking at it through someone else’s eyes. I mean, scientifically, it’s incredible, but personally? It sucks.” He waved his hands through the air and then shook his head, turning back to Bucky. “So yeah. Mind-mushed probably fits the bill.”
Steve dived to the left, avoiding a shot and then stabbing the razor-corner of his shield into the body that had been charging toward the both of them. “Maybe try dancing off with him,” he quipped through a feral grin, “you said that worked last time.”
Sam made a humming noise and looked over to Steve with a smug grin on his face that said ‘ha, you listened to my advice’. Darcy just looked a little surprised, before grinning.
Tony watched Steve’s jaw tense; saw the way he rubbed a hand across his forehead and sighed through the phone, but then gave a muted “yes” in reply.
Tony edged forward, coming to a stop at the chair next to Steve’s left side and then sitting down slowly in it. The doctors had said Steve had suffered third degree burns to his right hand and arm, and it would take a while for it to heal. As for his heart- he was going to need at least a week of rest for the serum to fully do its work, maybe more. Steve had taken two major doses of electricity in the space of a few days, and the first lot had managed to fuck with his heart enough that upon the second shock, it hadn’t properly healed and so stopped working altogether.
There was one last final growl from below deck, and suddenly a tremendous crashing noise cracked like a whip through the air. Everything shook; huge, violent tremors that sent Steve stumbling to his knees once more.
“Those rules were literally just made up by yourself like, three seconds ago.”
Tony looked up sharply, “it is… we have less than 48 hours until product launch and he’s taken an early fucking night? I can’t… he annotated this and I have no idea what any of his shit writing is trying to tell me, what the…” He shut his eyes and calmed himself. It was alright. “Call his home number. I need him to translate this bullshit for me.”
“Please,” he murmured, “please… get it off for me, Steve. Help.”
“What if I told you the lab was gonna explode if I’m left to my own devices?”
Steve didn’t wait for Bucky to speak again.
By Peter’s fascinated eyes, he figured not. Peter was still for a moment, before he smacked a hand down against the water and then watched it splash against the sides and onto Tony’s shirt. Then he absolutely chortled in delight, doing it again and again and again.
And hell- Tony exaggerated a lot of things on the daily, but he sure as fuck wasn’t lying when he said that he would have done anything in the entire world to never see Steve look the way he’d done at that moment ever again.
Thor just made a face and then waved his hand, “it was my pleasure, Steve,” he said earnestly, “and you- well, you listened to me moan more than I listened to you. Sorry about that.”
Steve blinks up into the dark, but all he can see is Sam’s silhouette. “Thanks.”
“You seem like you have something on your mind,” the professor says, and Steve chuckles.
Tony blinks at her, incredulous. “Seriously?”
torture ?
He’d been worried, was the thing. Tony often went days without eating or sleeping, working in a haze. What medication was he taking? How regularly did he need it? What if he forgot a dose? So when he walked in the third time, early enough in the process to see Tony drawing the liquid from a small glass bottle, well. He hadn’t meant to see, but then he had, and you couldn’t close Pandora’s box, could you?
“Fuck,” Tony hisses, and Clint turns to look at him. “Five minutes.”
“I can do it,” he offers, but Tony just shakes his head.
Bruce just shook his head. “It’s not my place to explain,” he said. He glanced over at Steve. “Either you’ll know soon enough, or you can ask Tony about it when he’s home safe.”
“No. Listen, Tony-”
“Do you want me to stay?” Tony yawns before he can respond, covering his mouth with the back of his hand. “Sorry. I know sleep is hard for you. I didn’t think to turn it off last night.”
. Invasive, stupid questions that were more likely than not to offend Tony, or worse, hurt his feelings. Thinking back, he’d realised that this is what Tony meant when he’d apologised to Steve about not wearing blockers. He’d said that he knew his scent was weird, that he should have warned him. He’d been surprised by the idea of Steve liking his scent. He must have thought that Steve was acting like some kind of bigot. Like always. He’d hurt Tony, again, without even knowing it, because he couldn’t control his own stupid knot. It’s no wonder that Tony had been nervous to bring up the idea of his heat. He’d probably thought Steve was going to act like every ruthless alpha stereotype from the pictures. Based on previous experiences, Steve isn’t so sure that he wouldn’t. He just can’t seem to control himself around Tony. All he wants to do is touch him. Everywhere. He wants to put his mouth all over him. He wants-
“Okay…so. You’re not here to threaten to kill me over the Loki thing?”
From then on, every once in a while—usually late at night when Steve knows that he’s thinking about drinking—Tony goes and visits Steve’s body. Every time, Tony checks the various monitors they’ve got him hooked up to, in case he wakes up or shows signs of improvement, probably. He does some things on the computer that Steve doesn’t understand, always frowning at the results of his fiddling. So far, he’d guess, there’s been no change.
Steve blinks, then turns back to the professor. “Like…homework?”
“You know,” Tony says conversationally, heading for the door, “I have no idea if you’re shitting me or not with any of these answers.”
“I know it is,” he says, frustrated, “but she cares about the environment. She donates to charity. Clearly she cares about the greater good. Right?”
He wants so many stupid, unreasonable things.
“Natasha,” he says, slowly. “Why did
This is a Very Long Chapter where some Very Serious Things Happen. Hold onto your wigs, kids.
“You think you could cook?”
“Do you understand?” Pepper asks, motionless and perfect as a statue, and Steve turns around and braces his arse against the sink. He holds out a hand for the glass, and Pepper gives it to him. “You are the bar by which Howard measured worth, and because you were a legend and not the flawed human man that you so clearly are, Tony was never, ever enough for him. Tony will forgive you anything, Steve Rogers, because you are his monolith. I, however, am not a Stark, and I will have no compunctions about making sure you lose everything that you owe to him and his family.” She pauses, holding his gaze as she very purposefully steps forward into his space, wiping the remnants of condensation from the glass onto the hand towel. Her gaze is steady, and when she speaks it is barely above a whisper. “Do not cross me.”
Oh, Tony understands alright, but he doesn’t have to like it. This day is just getting worse and worse. “How hard do you want me to hit you?” Tony murmurs, dreading the next few minutes intensely, and is rewarded with Loki’s warm laughter.
“It’s just…what that means-”
Tony can remember the weight of that hand on him, warm and flexing in surprise at each unexpected blow. Steve was sunlight and warmth where Tony was night and metal, cold and precise and clear. They were reckless differently, in ways that chafed each other at the fetters, loved differently, fought differently. Steve was everything…he wasn’t.
“Are you injured?”
“Why?” Tony asks, baffled.
On the page, Tony’s hand waved towards a projection, fingers curving around some point or another. Steve bit his lip, then put the blue back and reached for a strong marigold yellow. Then he set about adding a ring to Tony’s finger, because he could.
Fuck.
“As you wish,” he murmured, and Steve blushed.
Tony lets out a breath as the workshop glass tints, fingers clenching on the edge of the worktop. “Oh, fuck, he’s gonna be pissed.”
“You took Keisha, an omega woman from web development, back to the Malibu house after handling the imminent crisis with the StarkPhone 7. She spent the first day of your heat with you. In July of the following year she bonded to an alpha and transferred to the Chicago office.”
Tony blinks at him. “I don’t understand,” he admits, and Steve frowns at him. Then his expression shifts, something dark and pained taking over him.
Tony exhales slowly, laying the last of the apple slices down. Clint is watching him, and Tony slides over so he can get to the rest of the pie crust, which he begins to cut into inch wide ribbons. Tony licks the last of the sweetness from his fingers and turns to wash his hands.
“Some people have referred to the post-Potomac Crash investigations as a witch hunt. What do you say to that?”
“There is one who follows her, like a pet to its master. He more than desires her; he is dedicated to her, to his last breath. He cannot be killed even if you cut him apart, for his flesh will regrow faster than even our captain can imagine. He is called the Executioner, for to face him is to face a chance at death.”
“On the contrary, sir, I think you have performed admirably in the face of uncommon duress.”
“Why, Steve? It’s over, you don’t have to keep apologising-”
“You’d help me?” Tony asks.
“Let it,” Steve said, and then kissed him, because Tony was right; he wasn’t that kind of alpha. He would never take what he didn’t think was being offered, and Tony would never let himself believe that Steve wanted him unless he was boxed round the ears with it. Steve knew the way Tony’s brain worked, the way he was always looking for the worst way to read a situation, the way he always put himself at fault.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Maybe you should have thought of that before you went all supersaiyan on me. I can’t observe you from another borough."
“So, nobody’s told you,” she says, apropos of nothing the next morning. Bruce is still sleeping, never an early riser, but Tony hadn’t slept at all. Instead he’d been pouring over the data, wrangling with his own grief about Pepper, even though they’d been broken up last he remembered. The fact that they’d been back together—that they’d been
Steve to be good. He wants Howard to have been wrong about Steve, because (falsely) deep down he thinks that if Howard was right about Steve being great, then Howard must have been right about him being a disappointment. Tony has an epiphany, in this fic, that Steve is desperately trying to make their relationship work in an almost monomaniac way, and that that dynamic isn’t healthy for him. So I actually think they had a breakthrough here, even if it ended in tears. You will see some of the results of them actually talking TO each other instead of AT each other in the next instalment. But I hope that some of that growth I was trying to portray came across in this fic. Would love to hear thoughts!!! As always, I love discussing this stuff with you all. <3
“So, plenty of time to kick your ass then.”
good, you can maybe even get me hard again.”
Tony nods sagely. “Yup, yes, you are correct.”
The sound Steve makes is broken and half-feral, his fingers grasping at Tony’s shirt, curling into his skin, against his stomach, undoing each button one by one and bathing them both in familiar pale blue light.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sounds perfect,” Steve said, and he couldn’t help from sounding adoring, because he was. “You’ve ruined me for anyone else.”
“Right?”
Tony swallows, embarrassment creeping over him in a hot flush. “Oh.”
“Then build one,” Tony says, not looking away from Coulson. “I’ll even help with designs. For my usual fee, of course.”
“I’m not telling you to
I have a lot of the same reservations about Riri as a lot of PoC do. I think that often the way she’s been written has been clumsy, and shows a misunderstanding of what it means to be a black woman in America. But I like the idea of her, and when I thought of Tony being kidnapped I needed it to be a) somewhere close enough that they could maybe get there in time by quinjet to stop it but not in NYC b) somewhere that it made sense for Tony to be without the suit and c) somewhere where a civilian could step in and help him. It just made sense to have it be Riri. I like to think of her just showing up on the superhero scene a few months from now with her own suit and Tony and Steve just staring at some CNN footage of her fighting some bad guy above the Boston harbour and looking at each other like ._____. we know EXACTLY who that is.
Tony groans, tentacles tightening around Steve. It’s enough to make him moan, struggling a little against Tony’s grip. Then he freezes, pulling away just far enough to meet Tony’s eyes.
“Steve?” Tony said, sounding baffled, but there was something else there, too. He sounded hopeful, almost, and Steve grinned as he reached the side of the platform. He jumped and grabbed onto the railing to thunderous applause, instead of trying to work his way through another fifteen feet of crowd to reach the stairs. When he’d swung himself over the side, Pepper and Tony were both gawking at him, the former looking a little charmed while the latter looked mostly like he was caught between flight and fight. His eyes were wide and wild in his face, almost amber in the force of the lights trained on him.
“Please don’t you cry, too,” Steve begged, wiping ineffectively at his nose. “I can’t handle it.”
Tony stops short. He frowns. “No.”
Well, that’s a lie. He looks like he’s been trying not to cry for the past twenty minutes, which is 100%, undoubtedly Tony’s fault.
“You’ll be good for me, won’t you?”
“Tony,” Steve groans, and Tony grins. “Please.”
He glanced at Stark, and found the alpha watching him. He offered him a nod, and smiled when he got one in return.
“Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer do,” JARVIS intones drolly, and Tony shakes a finger at the nearest security camera.
Steve barks out a startled laugh. “Better than he thinks, which is the problem.” He carries the bowl over to the couch, then flops down in it. “Alright, what do you suggest, then?”
“Exactly!” A second shot arcs out of the elevator doors, melting the last of them, and Tony flies up a little further to stay out of blast radius. “Steve-”
“Still want my knot?” Tony asked, and Steve let out a little involuntary cry of pleasure as Tony skidded the head of his cock over his entrance.
“It’s nice, that’s all,” she said, and Steve could feel himself blushing. “The way you two love each other. It makes the tower really feel like home. I’d never had a home before.”
Steve could feel his jaw ratcheting with tension. Usually, he had a handle on his team, but right now he felt more than anything what it meant to be responsible for this ragtag gang of murderers, monsters, experiments, and gods. He did not want the responsibility of holding the keys to The Black Widow’s cage, but here he was.
Steve sighs. He rubs a hand over his face. “Right. Okay.” He steels himself. “Is Hulk aggressive?”
“A secret,” she drawls. Her face doesn’t betray a thing. “A show of good faith.”
“Scout’s honour?” Tony says, but Joyce looks unimpressed. Amused, but unimpressed. “I promise?”
Tony laughs, rubbing the back of his neck. “Yeah, well,” he says, gesturing vaguely, “usually I have some sort of plan.”
, but he’ll deal with that when it happens.
It’s an armour of a different kind, Tony knows. He’d been groomed for his position all his life, and yet even after all the years of living in it and running Stark Industries and building past the confines of human imagination, there were always flashes like this; uncertainty, or perhaps the sickening feeling that he was still playing at daddy’s heir, the perfect son, the perfect American man. He wishes that he could say it was all a mask, that the real Tony was the one in grease up to his elbows, playing with wires, but deep down he knows the truth. This, too, is a part of him; it’s a sick and lonely part, nurtured and shaped by Howard, but it’s there all the same. It’s the part of him he likes least about himself.
“Anyone secured?”
“Barton’s hit bad.”
“Tony,” Bruce said, sighing now, “I really think you should consider the issue more seriously. I understand why you don’t want to come out. I get it. But-”
Pepper hadn’t heard him, but it seemed Tony had. He’d turned around with a gapemouthed expression on his face, and now the crowd was parting for him as he stepped forward.
“If you can watch the movie like that,” he answers, proud of himself for how even his voice is. Tony considers this, eyes dark, before twisting his body around. He sits down with his legs across Steve’s lap, his back against the arm of the couch. His eyes are bright with triumph, and Steve wants so badly to kiss him again. He settles for wrapping one hand around Tony’s outer hip, fingers pressing tight into Tony’s skin.
“If either of you kick us, there will be consequences,” Natasha drones, and Steve grabs for Tony’s hand with the arm not wrapped around his neck.
Immediately, Tony reaches out, smoothing his hands up Steve’s chest and over his shoulders. “You’re a cruel man, Rogers, depriving me of all this.”
Steve opens his mouth, perpetual frown still fixed on his face, then closes it again. He uncrosses his arms, clenches his fists at his side.
” he says, and Tony throws up his hands.
It had been a delight, at first, to be able to touch Tony at all. But the more time passed, the more it became clear that Tony was coming apart at the seams. Steve feels like a man possessed, because even seeing how strung out Tony is cannot stop him from reaching out and touching him. He taps Morse into the back of Tony’s hands. He writes letters into his skin. He can’t keep himself away. He can’t stop touching Tony, now that he can. Now that he knows Tony would want him to, wants him to. Wants Steve, as torn as he might be about it. Steve can touch him in new ways, too, ways he never could before. Ways he’d never even let himself imagine. It’s intoxicating. It makes him wish he could leave a mark: some evidence that Tony isn’t dreaming.
Steve grins around the mouthful of thigh he’s taken the liberty of helping himself to. It hurts, and Tony tugs at his hair in recompense. “No one offs,” he reminds Tony, and Tony smiles helplessly down at him.
“You want me to torture myself more, you mean. What the hell does it matter? He doesn’t want me. He doesn’t have to tell me why.” Tony squeezes his eyes shut as another wave of pain overtakes him. He grits his teeth through the pain. “He’s not obligated.”
“I didn’t say anything,” Steve says, not quite managing to hide the wicked smirk threatening to overtake his very best butter wouldn’t melt expression.
“I have to take care of Flower,” Tony said, looking helplessly at Steve’s wan form huddled by the fire. He couldn’t just leave the horse at the hitch, not after all she’d done for them, but he was loathe to leave Rogers here alone. “I’ll be back.”
"You do when he calls you. Maybe you should call him more often."
“We will find him,” people kept saying, but they didn’t fucking know. No one knew. No one knew where Tony was.
“Yeah.”
“I know what that’s like,” he says instead, “feeling completely out of place in a strange new world.”
Tony rocks back on his heels. He turns to glance at Loki, his mouth moving wordlessly. “Fine,” he says. “Fine. I’m just…I’m gonna-…”
“I need to put my brain to work or I’m going to go crazy. I can’t sit in the workshop alone like this. I’ll relapse. And I don’t know if I can look at Cap without wanting to punch his damned perfect teeth in. So just…let me do this.” He’s begging. He knows he is, and he thinks that maybe, he’s telling more of the truth than he’d been willing to admit to himself. Pepper was sneaky like that. She was good at poking at Tony’s weaknesses, exposing the soft underbelly of his armour and tearing him open.
“Just the man I was looking for,” Tony’s saying, and Steve can only think that can’t be right. Tony never seeks him out. “Wanna spar? Happy took off with Pepper.”
“Before anything else, it seems best to start with the obvious.”
Pepper smiles thinly, narrowing her eyes to stare at him with wry calculation. “And how exactly do you plan to do that?”
“You don’t have to talk about it,” he begins, but Tony just shakes his head.
“That’s not much of a secret.”
“It’s funny,” he says, and the room quiets as some folks nearby blatantly stop what they’re doing to eavesdrop. “I was used to being invisible before the serum. So maybe that part didn’t bother me as much as it might’ve bothered someone else.” The ‘but’ to that sentence hangs unspoken in the room.
“Well.” Tony huffs another laugh, this one wilder than the last. He sounds almost hysterical. “Hank said it almost looked like his throat had… um. Like it was a claw, that did it. But that’s…weird, even for us, right?”
Tony doesn’t say anything. It’s answer enough.
Steve reached a shaky hand out to turn on the intercom, bracing himself to hear Tony’s voice and sure that he wasn’t ready for it. He was sure when it came it would wreck him, worse than anything before.
I M H E R E, he taps, slow and clear. I V E G O T Y O U S H E L L H E A D.
The video cut to a different angle, and Steve frowned. He wanted to know what Tony had said to that, unedited, but of course that wasn’t how these things worked.
His orgasm rips through him with the kind of violent force that whites out his vision. Distantly he can hear Steve moaning around his cock, his fingers digging sharply into Tony’s chest. His other hand is curled sweet and firm over the top of Tony’s left thigh, and it’s gripping tight enough that Tony’s sure to have an absolutely spectacular bruise tomorrow. Tony wants it to bruise. He kind of wants to tattoo the bruises on so he’ll have a permanent reminder of how fucking incredible and lifechanging this orgasm has been. He feels very strongly about this. He genuinely can’t feel his extremities.
Tony works until his hands ache. On bad days, he’s sometimes come out of an engineering fog to find blood smudged dark and flaking against his abraded hands, the casual injuries of working piled up without him even noticing the pain. But Tony was used to that, he supposed; pushing past the pain, pushing it down until it was just another part of him. The tightness in his chest never goes away. The pain in his sternum at a cough or a hiccough, the aching bones in the winter from all of the places that he had broken them; these were his own kind of medals, the stars and stripes marking his penance. Certainly, he had a lot to make up for.
“Mhmm?”
“You used yourself as a honey trap,” he says, because he can see it. “Was that Tash’s idea, or yours?”
“Attaboy,” Tony says, grinning. He lands on the roof with a thump, blowing the doors open and stepping inside. In his display he can see Falcon has dropped Hawkeye off on a convenient roof, while Widow has completely disappeared. War Machine is taking shots at the doombots that have begun to swarm out of the building like an angry hornet’s nest, Hawkeye and Falcon picking off strays and soldiers as they move. They’re handling themselves fine and the heavy hitters aren’t even out yet, so Tony shuts off the feed and concentrates on scanning the available floors.
“You weren’t making these calls,” Tony says, flippant as ever, and Steve lets out a frustrated hiss of breath. “We were handling it.”
He lost track of the hours. Sometimes, Tony pressed a bottle to his mouth, and Steve drank: cool, sweet water, apple juice, chocolate milk. Sometimes, Tony pressed small bites of fruit to Steve’s lips, sharp cheese and an apple slice on a cracker, a bit of cured meat.
“We’ve gotta get better at this,” Steve says. He blinks once, twice, and his eyes glitter a little too wet now that Tony’s looking. “I don’t… I don’t want to ruin this. And it wouldn’t be just us, Tony. The team-”
,” Peter says. “But he was there, for a second, right? I felt something.”
“Tony!” Steve shouts. He waves his hands, feeling a little like an idiot. “Tony! Can you see me?”
“Alright,” he says. Suddenly, he feels quite differently about his plans for the day. “Well. It’s been months since I did anything remotely physical and I’m probably rusty. Who’s up first? Best chance to beat me.”
CW: severe panic attack, disassociation, some p heavy arguing, emotional manipulation (but not from who you think hahaha...ha...)
“Uh. I don’t really-”
Steve watches him walk up to the podium with his heart in his throat. Tony looks so tired.
Steve swallows. It’s now or never. “Tony.”
He slides past Tony with a pained expression, shooting Steve a disapproving look as he passes. “You hit him again, Bruce is gonna turn you into pâté,” he murmurs. Steve glances at him from between raised eyebrows.
“I do love it,” Tony said, but his voice was impatient now, and Steve laughed helplessly at that. “Steven Grant Rogers, are you going to ask me to marry you, or should I run this program again?”
“You are most welcome, Captain.”
Steve blinks. He waits to feel something about it. Shock, maybe. A slight sense of disappointment. But he feels…
“This is a plot, right?” he asks, and Steve’s brow furrows. “To kill me. Because, that’s definitely what’s gonna happen, if we’re doing this regularly. Death by baffling, incredible orgasms. I can actually feel the lost braincells- ouch!”
“Why do you keep offering these unstable brunettes as solutions to my problem, J?”
“I can’t explain how looking at you like this makes me feel,” Tony admits. He lets go of Steve’s ass on to reach up and brush the tears away, smearing them into the streak of blood. On the other side, he presses his mouth to Steve’s cheek and licks the taste of them from his lips.
“You’re supposed to block,” Steve countered, but it sounded like something else in his mouth. “Get your hands up, come on. See if you can stop me.”
Steve crawls across an endless plane of white, the ice opaque beneath his hands, burning. His skin is cracking with cold at the joints, dry and swollen, small drops of red gathering at the edges of roughened skin. His nails are bloodied, some missing as he claws the ground. The cold air burns his throat. Numbness never comes, kept at bay by his enhanced metabolism and his healing factor. If he stops to rest, the ice cracks beneath him.
Tony opens his mouth, glances at Cap, then looks back at Bruce again.
When he came to, Tony’s knot was pressed up against everything that made him want to squirm and cry, overstimulated and so fucking good, and he collapsed limply back to the bed and let out a quiet moan of pleasure. Tony’s face was still buried in his neck, tongue lapping at the abused bondmark, and Steve just let him, rocking his hips in concert with Tony grinding slow and dirty against him.
“Your hormones check out,” Bruce tells him, and Tony slumps onto a stool and presses the tips of his fingers to his eyes until he sees stars. “Your bloodwork is basically textbook, Tony. You’ve developed a nascent bond.”
For a while there was no sound, just the quiet rush of Tony’s breathing. Even that much was so familiar and dear that Steve started forward, one hand reaching out to stretch towards Tony before he pulled his hand back.
“You drive me mad, you know that?” Tony asked him.
“I love you,” Steve answers, immediate and firm. He searches Tony’s eyes. “No matter what.”
“Do you know how many we’ve killed?” he retorts, putting his hand on the palm scanner. “If death is how you measure heroism, then heroes we are not.”
by Anne Fausto-Sterling, actually.”
Xavier shrugs. “You make decisions such as these every single day. And they weigh on you, Captain. Each one is a stone around your neck.” He points at the building. “It is easy for us as so-called superheroes to say that no one life is worth more than another for the papers. But that’s not very true in real life. Most people would choose their loved ones over a stranger. That’s human nature.”
Steve nearly swallows his tongue. Tony’s…
“I wish,” Logan huffs. “Why, you thinking about poaching some folks for that team of yours, Cap?”
“Tony, please,” Steve begs, and Tony skims his mouth down Steve’s jaw, up to his ear.
“Gotcha. Thanks, J.” Tony strides towards the door to the landing platform, waving it open and walking out with his hands spread wide. “I wasn’t expecting visitors, or I would have put together a spread. You’re ruining my epic host rep.”
Joyce is totally charmed, but she’s trying to hide it. Tony can tell. He’s very familiar with this look, because it is the look that 90% of people wear in response to his behaviour. “If we could get back to the topic at hand, Dr. Stark.”
“You do know that everyone just saw me kiss you, and now you’re dragging me off to the back stairwell like you’re planning to ravish me caveman style, right?” Tony asks, stumbling behind Steve. “I mean, just saying, not sure what you were expecting that to look like, but-”
Later, after Tony had made him come so many times he’d forgotten every word but “alpha” and “Tony,” after Tony had gone to sleep wrapped up in his arms like a great yawning cat, after Steve had woken up for his run and Tony had left for a board meeting, Steve went back into the penthouse bathroom. He’d opened the medicine cabinet and taken a photo with his phone, just like Natasha had taught him, to help him remember how to place everything back just so. Then he’d slowly taken everything that could possibly house the little glass bottle apart, until he’d found it. There, tucked behind a case of razors, a small black film canister. And inside, a small glass bottle filled with a clear, yellowish substance, labelled ‘testosterone cypionate-α.’
Tony turns towards Bruce with an apologetic expression, but Bruce is already shaking his head, expression one of wry, disbelieving amusement. “Why do I bother giving you advice?”
“Okay,” he hears himself saying. He swallows, then nods to himself. “Okay. But you didn’t answer my question, Professor. Am I cleared for the field?”
, Steve.”
“Don’t mind me, alpha,” he murmured, and Tony let out a strangled laugh. “Finish your work.”
“He’d tell you the same thing he always does; the Avengers need to remain an independent contractor in order for other governments such as Cuba or Ukraine to trust that they can call on us in the event of an emergency. We need to remain clean of the machinations of American politics.” Tony inclines his head in Cochran and Collins’ direction. “No offence.”
“You could have told me, for one, that my force field technology was being used in a brainwashing program,” Tony retorts, leaning his chair back to balance on the rear two legs.
“Hush,” Tony says. He drops his phone to the ground, cupping Steve’s face with his free hand. “Don’t you leave me again. Don’t you dare!”
“Stark,” Rogers said, and Tony blinked to find Rogers’ fathomless blue eyes on him. They were crinkled a little at the corners, and Tony near swallowed his tongue. “Take that coat off before you catch cold.”
“People died today, because god forbid Cap let me risk my life in the field for helpless civilians,” Tony snarls. His hands are shaking, and he doesn’t know who or what he’s angrier at: the team for not noticing anything was wrong, Steve for forbidding him from going into an unstable parking complex to save the handful of life forms still trapped inside, or himself for daring to think even for a minute that this wasn’t so bad.
“Morning exercise produces endorphins that raise overall mood and health,” Steve says, like a fucking high school health class PSA.
"What do you need?" Tony prompts him, re-adjusting the direction of one of the microjets. "New commute, DC’s questionable public transit… A car? A motorcycle? I thought you had one of those. You've got a Triumph right? Did you want something else? Could get you a Ducati. Oh, no, you need to move your stuff. I've gotta have people for that. J-"
“I want popcorn,” Natasha says, and Steve startles, coming back to himself and the room with a lurch. Natasha is studiously not looking at them, but Steve colours anyway. He pulls his hand back from Tony’s mouth, letting it hang awkwardly over his shoulder. “Anyone else?”
“I can see that,” JARVIS says, and he must have done the scan after all. “I’m going to create a sheen of condensation within the inner shell of the greaves and cuisses to alleviate the discomfort you must be feeling. There will be some dramatic temperature changes. Please bear with me.”
Tony smiles.
Steve sucks in a shaking breath. His mouth feels dry as parchment, and he is aware for what feels like the first time since he’s died of the desire for water. W H A T A B O U T S H R A
“What if we leave it up to fate?” Tony asked, and Steve frowned.
Tony cackles, pressing one finger into Steve’s steely chest. “Is that your ammo? Honey, I know my faults, unlike some people who’ve got their heads so far up their own arse they can’t see the truth when it stabs them in the back. Jealous, baby? All you had to do was ask. I’ve had a dozen men like you, I know you’ve seen the tabloids. Did you watch me, in all my grainy glory? Is that what you’re sore about? Or, not sore, I suppose, that’s the problem, isn’t it? Because if that’s all, you should remember that I’m the one who feeds and pays you, and Daddy knows how to scratch that-”
And then, Steve Rogers dies.
“God, maybe I should take a nap,” he mutters, scrubbing a hand over his eyes.
“You know,” Bruce said, hesitant now, and Steve turned back to look at him. “We gave over about forty Hydra agents to SHIELD.”
“Yeah, real observant of you.” Loki flinches back, just the slightest shift away, and Tony closes his eyes, hating himself. “I just can’t get invested. Okay?”
“By brainwashing everybody and sticking them in a fake suburban paradise? That’s literally the plot of a horror movie. They did that one, guys, it was called The Stepford Wives, and it’s pretty universally agreed that it was a shitty move. You’re literally horror movie villains. No wonder somebody broke them out, I’m almost rooting for the criminals here.” Tony covers his face for a moment, trying to hold in hysterical laughter. He should know better than this. “Oh, wait, this was probably entirely the idea of actual Nazis, our good friends Hydra and Co. And you just rolled with it. Captain America is gonna love this.” He turns and points a finger at the Secretary. “And by the way, ‘things’? Ross, your xenophobia is showing. Put that away, man, nobody wants to see that.”
He still wasn’t sure if he made the right decision.
“Fuck.”
Steve pulls off of his cock with a sound that’s going to haunt Tony until he dies, he swears to God. “If you’re still talking, I’m not as good as I want to be,” he says, voice wrecked, and Tony can’t help but whine a little bit. Steve noses at Tony’s sac, sucking at the soft skin there before he tilts Tony’s hips up a little, dipping back father. “Maybe I should kiss you here.”
He walks all the way down Fifth, the familiar feet of the Empire State Building a welcome sight, and then the Flatiron rising up to meet him. He walks through the arch at Washington Square park, moving through the clouds of smoke and carousing co-eds, drugs and laughter around the fountain, walks all the way to Canal Street and through the neon lights of Chinatown as the restaurants close up shop. He walks right up to the entrance to the Brooklyn Bridge, then stops, those wooden planks stacked in a line as far as he can see, the familiar cables stretching up into the starless sky. It’s midnight. A couple walks towards him, hands linked, shoulders touching. A Korean tourist heads off towards the centre of the bridge with a telephoto.
“Will that be all, Mr. Stark?”
Tony puts up a string of token protests, but he mostly lets himself be led into the bedroom. He brings his drink with him, of course. Steve watches him strip his jeans off with little more than fondness, considering the exhaustion seeping into the usually crisp lines of Tony’s frame. Steve can sympathise; that talk took a lot out of him, too. He follows Tony’s lead, slipping out of his khakis and folding them up on the bedside table. Tony always sleeps on the right.
“Wow, you’re, like, way less uptight than I thought you’d be,” Riri had trilled at that, clearly delighted. In the back Steve could hear a low crackle, almost enough to be Tony’s warm, rumbling laugh, and the sound of it made his vision blur wildly as his instincts tried to claim him. Immediately, the static cut off. Steve didn’t know if he was disappointed or relieved.
“Before the battle, he said you’d been an amazing mate for Tony. You two are…” She paused, and Steve raised an eyebrow, turning around and wiping his fingers in a kitchen towel. Natasha smiled at him, small and real, and Steve returned it with some confusion. “None of us have had any kind of healthy models for what a good relationship looks like.”
“I’ve loved you all this time. Don’t you think I know who you are? You’re the man that I can count on to challenge me, to always make sure that I’m making the right decision. Together we make the Avengers strong, Tony.” Steve swallows, his eyes suspiciously bright, wet under the warm lamplight of the bedroom. “If you were just an obedient soldier, well…you wouldn’t be the man I love.”
, Bruce. Doesn’t that scare you?”
“Then let me show you. Let me prove it to you.”
let me come,
“An omega told me once I smelled like blood,” Tony said, a pained twist to his mouth. Steve swallowed and squeezed his shoulder.
Tony covers his eyes with one hand. “Damn,” he whispers. “Damnit.”
“Agent Barton is asleep, Agent Romanov.”
“Well,” she drawls, tapping one fingernail against the worktop. “All’s well that ends well?”
On the subject of Domestic Abuse:
“Steve, if you think I’m gonna play one-on-one after you’ve stuck your hand inside a New York City trashcan-”
“No,” Tony says with a wry twist of his lips, “it was my big mouth that did that. I said some unfair personal shit to him. He caught me off guard, cornered me-” Tony stops, realising too late that telling Loki he’s a little bit claustrophobic might not be the best idea. By the expression on Loki’s face, he’s already caught the slip, and Tony grimaces a little.
Tony’s only met three Sight Bonded pairs in his life.
“Inferior materials,” Tony tells him, smug as a cat. “Not quite the calibre you’re used to, hm Captain?”
“Sir does not think you are fragile,” JARVIS says, as kindly as he’s ever spoken. “And neither does anyone else. He simply wishes you to be in fit form for the field, so that you may return to your position as leader of the Avengers. You and I both know how poorly responsibility sits with him.”
“How’s it goin’, boss?”
“Fucking hell, you’re literally sleeping with the enemy.”
"Fine," Loki says, and drains it, swallowing the ice whole. "Thank you for the drink." He sets the tumbler down on the bar and turns away.
Steve doesn’t know how to say what he wants to say. He doesn’t have the space, in his brain or his chest. He doesn’t have the ability to make Tony hear him.
? Where the hell was Loki?
“Yeah, well,” Tony says, looking away. He wets his lips, stares out blindly over the tops of skyscrapers standing proud in the bright blue morning. “He’s still playing dead, and none of us know why. I’m not even sure
“Clean, sir. He left of his own volition, and I cannot find anything remiss on the city’s security feeds.”
Loki laughs, light and pattering, like hail on a tin roof. His teeth flash blindingly white. "Is that so?" he says. He takes a deep draught of his scotch, long fingers tightening on the glass.
It’s an invitation for a private after-hours viewing at the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens for tomorrow night. Steve sits down on the couch next to the shield, holding the smooth paper between his hands and remembering the awkward small talk as they descended in the elevator, his throwaway comment about DC. But of course Tony was paying attention to that kind of thing; of course he was. Where Tony’s words were always designed to dazzle and amuse and confuse, Tony’s actions spoke for him. It was these small touches – the tech upgrades and the quiet hours spent playing videogames and the Tovaritch! left in front of a door after a rough week – that conveyed the truth of Tony’s psychology, his affection for the team. What Tony cannot say with words, he says with his hands.
“Yup.” Cap offers him a soft-eyed look. “Consider it payback.”
Loki’s brow twists, the smile on his face twisting painfully with it. “Please, Stark. This will not end well for any of us, if you cannot be transparent about your intentions for your country’s legal approach to vigilantism and power from the start. Your views may not align, and the hurt will cloud his judgement. You will lash out at one another, bitterly. It would ruin everything-” He stops, suddenly, as though seized by something. His breath catches sharply in his throat, and he gasps for one heart-pounding moment before a cool mask drops back down, concealing the hint of desperation and terror that had been creeping in around the edges. It’s enough to make the small hairs at the back of Tony’s neck stand at attention.
Steve steels himself and walks over towards Stark. He’s about to climb into his ostentatious car, but then the man pauses, his hand on the handle of the car door. He turns to Steve, and Steve reaches a hand out to shake. Surprisingly, Stark reaches back.
“Hold your tongue,” Thor warns, and Wilson looks at him, then at Natasha. Her insouciant shrug only seems to irritate him, which Tony can definitely understand.
There is a Rembrandt in the foyer. Looking at it, he knows immediately that Pepper put it there, that neither of the Stark men had really had an eye for classical paintings. He wonders what will become of all this after Tony… well, after Tony. And then he curses himself, for even daring to think such a thing.
“Let me try on my own, first,” Tony says, and heaves himself up.
“Why was Bucky with Amora?” Steve says, slow, and Tony-
“I forgot,” he mutters, pulling his hand back, and Loki smiles thinly at him. Some half-remembered pain flits over his face, bringing a kind of bittersweet longing to the sharp angles of his face. It makes Tony want to touch him.
There’s an awkward silence as the priest waits for Steve to confess his sins, but Steve doesn’t really know where to begin. He opens his mouth, but he can’t stop thinking of Tony falling from the portal, dead weight. He doesn’t know how to say
, Tony thinks.
“Nope,” Bruce says pleasantly. “I couldn’t handle the super soldier puppy dog eyes.”
“I had my things with me when they took me,” Tony said, a wry smile taking over his face. “I always carry a month’s worth of medication on me, just in case. They didn’t read English, so when they were emptying my pockets, Yinsen convinced them it was medically necessary medication. We stretched the injections out to every two weeks to slow the process, at first, but-” Tony swallowed, pausing, and Steve held out a hand.
“We bonded,” Steve said, and now that he was looking for it he could feel it. He could sense Tony in a way he hadn’t been able to before. It was like all of Tony’s body was calling to him, and Steve wanted nothing more than to cant his body into Tony, to surrender beneath him, to him, around him. He felt like something had slipped inside and filled a gaping maw of a hole he hadn’t even realised was empty and aching. He felt so full. Whole. He’d never felt that way, before.
“Jesus,” he breathes, and Pepper flicks on the light.
This was Pepper. All of this, every moment was Pepper, teaching him that it was not Tony’s benevolence that he should trust, but her retribution and that of his loved ones trailing behind Tony like a caravan of war, the flags streaming high and uncowed by the magnificence of Captain America. This was Pepper, showing him exactly where he belonged in the larger scheme of Tony’s world.
It’s a dark path for his mind to wander, and so he tears himself away and heads towards the communal kitchen. Bruce and Steve are both there, heads bent over the Times, and Tony experiences the strangest feeling. His stomach flips over, tightens. He feels nauseated.
“Okay,” Steve says. It’s more breath than word. “Damn.” He reaches up and wipes at his face with his thumb and forefinger, smearing his tears on the top of his sweatpants. His mouth trembles, just the barest amount. He’s breaking Tony’s heart. When he speaks, his voice is rough. Pure Brooklyn brogue. He’s more than Tony could have ever dreamed of. “For what it’s worth, I do know you, Tony. I see you, the real you, and you’re brilliant, and incredible, and…and generous. I’m just real sorry I didn’t do a good job of showing you that.”
Still, he can appreciate a good view no matter where he is. Why else build a skyscraper in midtown? He looks out over the glittering sky, the stunning reds and pinks of a spring sunset and the man-made light eclipsing the grace of the stars, and he tries to remember what weightlessness feels like without the crush of panic in his chest. In his mind’s eye he can see the swell of distant galaxies, the bright foreign cosmos, the empty space. He’d like to go to space on his own terms, he thinks. He’d already conquered the sky. Now he needs the cosmos.
The sound Tony made above him was nearly pained, and Steve hummed in quiet pleasure at hearing it. Tony arched off the mat at that, and Steve hooked an arm each under Tony’s thighs, curling over the tops to splay his fingers across Tony’s hips. He knew Tony’s hipbones were sensitive, and his engineer loved to be held down like this. It helped him to feel like Steve was taking what he wanted, and what he wanted was Tony; nothing more, nothing less. For years, Tony’s long string of casual sexual partners had been there for the wild ride they were promised in the papers. Steve wasn’t going to lie, Tony was…skilled. God, who was he kidding, Tony was fucking incredible in bed. But sometimes, Tony needed to know that all Steve wanted was to pin him down and watch him come undone. He might not have been quite as experienced as Tony, but he made up for that with stamina and enthusiasm, and he had yet to hear Tony complain once.
“Pancakes seem like an excellent choice for this morning. I believe both Agent Barton and Agent Romanov would appreciate carbohydrates and caffeine.”
“Thank you,” Steve says. He’s never used JARVIS to order food, but he knows Tony does. JARVIS handles all of the grocery shopping for the communal kitchen, and keeps track of all of the household stuff in the tower like toilet paper and detergent. Steve doesn’t really understand JARVIS yet, but he can certainly trust him with a food order.
“You like the idea of making some home movies?” Tony quips, and Steve’s whole body tightens. He presses a button on the remote, and the footage starts to rewind. He clicks play.
Tony huffs and takes a long drag of his coffee, draining half the liquid in one go. “You don’t trust me?”
twisted standards of foolhardy masculine posturing. You’d be happy if he killed himself out there-”
“I love you,” Steve told him as he pulled off Tony’s tatty pyjama bottoms. He pressed adoring kisses down the tops of Tony’s thighs, the inside of his knees, the corded tendons of his feet.
“Well, sure,” Tony says, confused, but Bruce hushes him.
“It’s too hot to cut,” Clint says. “Wash your hands, I don’t want machine oil in my pastry.” Tony nods and does as requested, then rests his elbows on the island, leaning over the cool marble to watch Clint’s shoulders as he moves.
“Just having a chat with Captain America,” Tony says easily, sliding over so the limo can pull up in front of them. Cabe sits in the driver’s seat, the window rolled down. In the contrasting light, her hair looks the colour of spilt blood. “The personal touch means I’m in trouble, I take it?”
Steve kisses him, and Tony’s brain races, churning faster and faster until it sparks out entirely. His brain becomes white noise. Steve kisses him, and kisses him, and kisses him again; lush, drugging kisses that leave Tony breathless. He’s got a hand tangled tight in Steve’s collar, and Steve is sobbing into the kiss, and when he buries his face into the crook of Tony’s neck he’s shaking, his entire body feeling like it’s coming apart under Tony’s hands. Tony blinks into the dancing light of the flaming machinery, noting that his legs are around Steve’s waist. He releases his iron grip on Steve’s wrist to pat him on the back, confused and out of his depth.
"And I know you're going to wait until Thor's back from Asgard. You timed it so you'll have the team on your side, which will convince your brother immediately because we both know he still loves you, in maybe a creepy and terrifying way. And you'll have plenty of time to convince him of your transformation before he has to return home again and break the news to your-" He pauses at Loki's raised eyebrow. "Well, to Odin. There won't be any doubts left in his mind."
With a hideous, mind-blanking rush, Steve-… Well. He doesn’t really know what he does. One moment, he was trying to go through the door to the stairs. The next, he’s crumpled on the ground at Tony’s feet. Tony’s arguing with Reed and Hank now, standing, and when he moves to pace Steve gets dragged along on the ground behind him like a dog on a leash. He feels like he’s going to be violently ill.
Steve grinned, waving a hand over his shoulder, and retreated into the penthouse. It was cold, and he wanted some soup.
Steve stares, breath shallow and silent in his chest as Pepper examines him. He has always been a little bit afraid of smart, beautiful women, and Pepper Potts is no exception.
“Why not?” Natasha pouts. “You’ve put me in jail, and we can’t even gossip? Cruel and unusual, Stark.”
“He’s also developed a resistance to controlling magics,” a familiar voice says, and Tony jumps and turns around. Nobody is there, of course. Bastard.
“What? No, not Sif,” Tony says, waving a hand. “Wow, you and Sif, huh?”
Steve considers this. “Yeah,” he says, tiredly. “Yeah, set it up. If I hate it I can always see a regular doctor, right?”
“I always thought Natasha would be Cheshire,” Clint said, taking a seat next to Natasha.
“Hey,” Tony says, awkward. He scratches at his facial hair. “Everything’s fine. I think. I’m, uh. I’m calling in that favour you keep saying you owe me.”
“Sir?”
Before Bruce could take one of the pastries in question, the lights dimmed. A voice came over the speakers, one that Steve recognised from repeated exposure as the lead singer of AC/DC. As the song played, the crowd shuffled upstairs towards the space shuttle, everyone packing in tight. Tony would be making the raffle announcement up there, mostly to give the main act time and space to breathe during set up on the main floor.
“Not from the court or the council; they are all loyal, but most are best suited to policy and law. None are fit to become the leader of armies as my father has been. But from the rest of our family…perhaps, should word get out.”
He’d gotten them from his mother. Long swathes of his childhood were filled with memories of his mother lying prone in a dark room, draped only in silk so as not to agitate her oversensitive nerves, black velvet curtains drawn over the floor-to-ceiling windows of her bedroom. Sound, light, motion, and even physical stimuli would disquiet her. She was prone to vomiting unless given strong medication, which she hated to take because of the way they’d made her feel.
“Perhaps he’s afraid of hurting you with his enhanced strength. Perhaps he’s a traditionalist, and only wants to have sex after bonding. Perhaps he's inexperienced and is worried about his performance with an experienced lover such as yourself. We can’t know unless you ask him.”
“Agreed,” Cap says, and Tony frowns at that. “This guy’s a one trick pony. JARVIS and I can handle him. Just get safe.”
Steve turns and watches Tony and Carol curled up on the workshop couch, heads tipped together. Tony’s shaking his head back and forth, Carol’s strong hands curled around Tony’s wrists. She’s speaking lowly to him, and Steve intentionally concentrates on the whir of the servers, the central air, the whine of electricity. He does his best not to overhear. He thinks he understands why they’ve never dated, but Carol could be good for Tony, he thinks. She’d keep his head on straight. Bully him into taking care of himself.
But Steve can’t do any of those things. Steve is dead, or something like it. So instead he hovers his hand over the back of Tony’s neck, and he skims an ineffectual hand over Carol’s back, and he hopes that somehow, soon, Tony figures this whole mess out.
“Because, uh.” Steve clears his throat. “I’m just saying, I’ve read a lot of stories, and-”
, he’d said.
“Stop it. I’m gonna mute you, you upstart Tamagotchi.”
“So you don’t have to worry about exposing Tony to the team,” she added, and that. That hadn’t been what he was doing.
“Just your mouth?” Tony asks him, and Steve’s eyes darken beautifully for him.
“You don’t know anything about the real Buck,” the voice spits, accented and sharp and all too close against his ear.
“I never thought we’d be back here so soon,” Tony says. Steve sucks in a slow, shaky breath. He glances around for Stephen, but he hasn’t been able to find the sorcerer yet. None of the other magic wielders seem to be able to see him.
“Fuck!” Tony hisses, pushing the boosters faster. “I think I just found Melter!”
“What’s wrong with me?” Tony repeats, turning to look at where Rogers is leaning over the metal table he’d been lying on with fear writ large across his face. He’s grown a beard, which is just. No. “What’s wrong with
“Bye, Steve.”
“Just because you didn’t know the second shortcut for Delfino Square-”
Steve frowns, considering that.
“I’m in charge, here! You’re not mission ready, this is literally a rescue mission and you’re the damsel-”
Tony frowns. He pulls up out of his backwards bend, and the thin tank top he’s wearing does nothing to disguise the muscle underneath. Steve has never wanted to touch someone so much in his life.
Hulk considers this. He lets out a low, rumbling, thoughtful kind of sound. “Banner think you wrong.”
“If Bruce is the only one, I’m cool with that,” Tony agrees. “If the Hulk gets twitterpattered, we’re gonna have a serious fucking problem.”
“Come on, Avenger,” he mutters, his head dipping towards his chest as a wave of nausea sweeps over him. “Come on.”
“You know me, baby, I can make anything work,” Tony says. He considers how long the retrofit will take, then shrugs; probably under an hour. He pushes off the workbench again, spinning around to survey the workshop. “Hold down the fort, boys. I’m gonna shower. Have the helmet ready for retrofit when I get back.” He glances down at himself, then scratches the back of his neck. His fingers come away flaked with dried blood, as expected. “Loki may have healed me, but he didn’t clean off the side effects.”
“As you know,” Pepper took over smoothly, “all entrants’ employee ID numbers have been entered into a program that will make a completely randomised choice. Now, once the program produces your number, we’ll match that against the SI database and follow it up with a name. Please make your way to the front if you hear your number and name called.”
"It's a supreme court, Cap. I'm sure they have their files backed up."
Worst of all was the knowledge that there was nothing more appetising to the press than the ability to trash Tony Stark for something. He didn’t want to be weaponised against Tony, used to paint him as a corrupting influence. He didn’t want to be the reason that they trotted out the long line of photos and videos of Tony in varying compromising positions, almost always taken and posted without his consent. Tony shrugged that kind of thing off like water off a duck’s back, but Steve could see the tightness around the corners of his mouth when the paparazzi were waiting outside the tower with some salacious detail to shout about. It got tiring, after a while, even for a pro like Tony, to let them prick their claws in and take whatever they wanted.
For those who are worried, Loki is coming back, I promise. This is not going to become a fic where Loki gets tossed aside (again) and Stony rides off into the sunset. You will eventually find out what the deal is with Bucky. Everything will be fine. Do not fret.
Pepper snorts.
Steve chuckles, skirting around an ice-cream cart wheeling its way into Central Park. “I meant about…y’know. Tony, and.” He stops, realising how stupid he sounds.
When the doors open, Tony steps out quickly, turning to walk backwards so he can look at Steve and move at the same time. “Drink? Food? I know you just ate your weight in popcorn, but I mean, that’s never stopped you before.”
“Who else is gonna figure this tech out?” Tony snarls, then hangs his head, staring at Cap’s prone form. “Now that Amora’s down, see if you can get him the medical attention he needs. JARVIS can carry him.”
. So this is the fear, the thing that Carol had guarded herself against. It was something Steve didn’t know to be afraid of. “So don’t you dare die on me, Tony. I lost both of you once, and the world was so much worse off for it. You have to stay with us, okay? You have to stay with us. You have to stay with me.”
“I’m late because I fucked my omega six ways from Sunday this morning?” Tony grinned, taking a wipe out of the container they kept by the bed and cleaning his softening cock with it. “Please. That’s practically my MO.” His eyes dropped to skim over Steve’s body with a proprietary smugness that made Steve want to preen. “And everyone knows exactly what it is that I’m dealing with at home. No one could blame me when I’ve got Captain America in my bed.”
“If you’re asking if you can come inside me,” Steve begins, but Tony just shakes his head. Out of curiosity, he brings the tentacle a little closer to Steve’s face. Steve, filthy,
"Yes," Steve says, ignoring Tony's appraisal as he tries to determine what he's agreeing to, "if that friend is a super villain who has personally tried to kill half of this team, including you. You aren't usually that stupid, and when you are, you usually tell Bruce or Natasha about it beforehand, call Colonel Rhodes in for desperate help when it blows up in your face, and then explain it to me and Pepper after it's all over and you're half dead. So what happened this time?"
Tony ambled over to the stove, peeking gingerly at his efforts. “Depends on your view of edibles,” he deadpanned.
Tony stills under him. He blinks, then struggles a little to sit up. Steve gamely sits back, balancing over Tony’s knees as the man shakes off the afterglow. A curious expression filters over his face, his brows coming together as he pulls up a display.
Pepper clears her throat, and Tony grins at her. Loki eyes them, then swallows the oyster with a hilarious expression, wide eyed and caught between disgust and something else.
“The bodyguard talks,” she observes, the smile slipping off her face, and Tony’s stomach twists. Underneath the mirth she’d been projecting, her eyes are flat. The expression that she offers him is her own: a still pond, with the smallest of ripples passing over it.
“Where were you?” Tony demands, wide-eyed and wild. “God, we’ve been looking for you for
Steve rubbed a hand over his face, but he followed Natasha into the elevator.
Loki laughs, low and predatory. "Stark, they call me The God of Mischief. All I do is
“Regular injections, to keep my antibodies and all that up.” Tony shook himself slightly, as though his discomfort was nothing more than water and he a wet dog. “Look, I know I’m the weakest on the team, physically. But if we could just not do the whole I’m kind of disabled and it makes people uncomfortable thing-”
Steve makes a face like he gets the reference. Determination replaces worry on his proud brow. “
“Pleasant Hill?” Steve asks, and Tony sighs. He turns around to look at him. Steve’s retreated into himself, his arms folded across his chest. He looks small, somehow, and when he turns his eyes on Tony they’re lost, almost pleading. “Could you…um.”
“But Professor X cleared him?” Tony asks.
“Yeah?” He pulls his glasses off his head, cleaning them in his shirt before replacing them. Tony quirks a smile at him.
“Don’t like Stark Raving Hazelnuts,” Steve said, pouting, and Tony laughed at him. “We agreed. Double Dark Chocolate.”
Once, Steve opened his mouth, and Tony slipped a cold spoon in. Dark, bittersweet chocolate broke over his tongue, and he moaned, opening his eyes to see Tony grinning down at him.
“Tony!” Pepper snaps, and Tony sighs, pushes the tray towards Loki.
“Don’t contaminate my pie, Stark.”
“Or, maybe I’m crazy, and I hadn’t slept in fifty seven hours, and I’m talking to-” Tony cuts himself off, his voice breaking. Steve sucks in an unsteady breath. “Fuck.”
Steve pulled on some soft flannel pants and a hoodie, and followed him out to the kitchen.
Tony raises an eyebrow at Loki. “And you’re gonna go get him?”
“You scared the hell outta us, Iron-Man,” he watches himself say, and says, and both ache like a stone’s lodged in his throat. But Tony had just winked at him, even as weariness was writ into his bones, even as Steve can now see in retrospect that he was gearing up for a fight, for Steve to chastise him, to defend himself.
Steve can’t help but smile.
– Richard Siken, “A Primer for the Small Weird Loves”
“Please don’t fuck this up,” he begs. “I’ll never hear the end of it from Pepper.”
“Good morning, sir. It is 8:30 AM on Wednesday, April 13
He bites his lip as he glances at the glass doors in front of him, steeling himself. Hopefully, after this, he and Pepper will be fine too. He’s going to make amends. He’s in therapy, and he and Tony talked, and they are going to figure this out together. He has to believe that. He does believe it.
It takes about 20 minutes before Tony is bored and irritated with most of the people he’s dealt with, and the ones he’s overheard. “This is so not how I wanted to spend my Saturday.” Tony mutters to himself as he meanders through the aisles, the only saving grace of the whole thing is the fresh coffee in his hands. Though now that he’s at his usual caffeine levels, he’s starting to think it really isn’t cutting it, especially as he sees all the other people gathering around the book displays and freaking out. Tony thinks this might even be worse than a board meeting, even the ones where Campbell doesn’t shut up.
Tony slows his steps a fraction as Steve tries to remember how to form words, “yeah, no I just um, I’m not used to this.”
They dance for one more song before deciding to take a break, and Tony dashes off again to hide from Linda one more time, leaving Steve laughing as he finds his way back to the table
Sometimes Steve wonders the same, not that he doesn’t think they work pretty well together, but Tony is such a genius and Steve feels 5 steps behind whenever Tony tries to go on one of his tangents. Steve just wishes he could offer more, keep up with him on his field. And now, seeing him here with all of these other people, who sure they may not be tech geniuses like Tony, but they can keep up with him in other fields that Steve also has no part in.
Tony nods lightly, “I have a long and sordid history in fact, checkered with women and men, a few nonbinary individuals too actually.”
Tony gives him a small sympathetic smile, “Trust me, no one understands like I do.”
Tony thanks the baristas and makes his way back over to Pepper, with a much better outlook on life now that he has his lifeline in hand. He sidles up to Pepper and she tries to reach for one of the coffees, but he pulls it back, “oh no, these are mine thank you.”
Tony stares into those blue eyes for a moment, suspended in something he couldn’t quite name, the air between them feeling like electricity. He’s almost afraid to look away, he can feel images trying to make their way to the front of his mind, weapons, death, his name streaked in blood and betrayal that cut deep.
