Pushing his luck but too curious to stop, Cas asks, “Is Ben your son? I know you and Lisa dated back in high school, but I sort of missed everything after graduation.”
Dean started to babble, shaking his head in desperation. “NO, Mom, that’s—it’s not—of course I’m not—“
Castiel Novak
Because the lead singer’s voice comes back time and time again to the same word:
Anyway, this is how we learned that the hot tub could fit five, clearly. Charlie got along swimmingly with both Bela and Meg. And by that, I mean that I’m fairly certain they were all shamelessly flirting with each other the whole week. Honestly, everyone got along. Charlie seems like the sort who “collects people” on first meeting if she likes them, and she put me at ease far faster than anyone else I’ve ever met. And, well, I got more comfortable with Dean as the week went on, as well. Collectively, we watched quite a few movies, played some entirely ridiculous games of Apples to Apples and Boggle, and even went bowling one night while it poured down rain.
Startled, Dean snapped his gaze right back to Cas. “Uh… what?”
Dean looks at him. Scratch that – he gazes. He searches Castiel’s face for something. He makes a decent attempt at peering into Castiel’s soul. And Castiel just lets him, happy to let those beautiful eyes have their way with his own.
“Oh, that’s terrible. Is everyone okay?”
Now, I’m not some sort of cave person – I know how to work a computer. I am a child of the Internet Age, after all. I grew up working with word processors just as earnestly as I write by hand to you now, and I’ve become quite skilled in the art of internet research as writing has slowly drawn my focus. We did have things like computers and televisions at Angel Farm, even if Naomi wasn’t overly fond of the “idle behavior” they occasionally inspired in her charges. But through all the technological education of my formative years, I never interacted with a cellular phone of quite this breed. Why would I need to? I didn’t exactly attract bosom friends, especially as an odd young farm kid. Who could possibly need to get a hold of me? I went to school and I went home, both of which were reachable by landline. And if something happened to make me miss the school bus, I knew how to walk back to the farm from the town center, so I suppose Naomi never saw any reason to bother with the expense to get me a “for emergencies phone” like some of my contemporaries’ parents. She has never been one for supporting excesses, Naomi. Honestly, I doubt she would have had any inclination to buy me a phone even if I did have friends with which to communicate. It’s just not something she would deem necessary enough to warrant her attention.
“And yet you told me about Sam,” Castiel pressed. “Even Jo doesn’t know the whole truth about that, does she? Yet you told me months ago up at the ski lodge. And what did I do? I turned around and told the whole story to my benefactor – a complete stranger. I broke your confidence.”
One thing, at least, Cas was sure would be the same: Dean would want the bed closest to the door. “For safety,” an 8-year-old Dean had declared, earnest as ever as they examined the room for the first time. “The hero always takes the bed by the door in case a bad guy comes, so he can protect everyone else! I saw it in a movie.” At 9-year-old Castiel’s raised eyebrow, Dean had added, “You should be happy! It means I’d take a bullet for you, dude!” After that, Cas had been too honored to argue.
I am happy to report that I have arrived in Charlevoix, Michigan quite safely. The drive up wasn’t terribly long, but I appreciated the hours of solitude it afforded. Frankly, the span I spent confined to my rather luxurious rental Prius gave me much needed time to recalibrate as I left the farm for the last time.
The neighborhood was by no means silent, but compared to the chaotic Friday afternoon campus he had just driven through it felt positively suburban. And if he sat in this car too long staring at the house, someone would eventually notice. He had to make the call, one way or another.
When he spoke, Dean’s voice was quiet, but determined. “It was me, Cas. I oversee the estate now, including the scholarship. I was gonna let the school or the estate lawyers or someone pick the recipients for the money after it got handed off to me, but—” He took a breath, fortifying, apparently, and sat up a little straighter. “I’ve been staying here for a while, and they still send the
Ellen, who was on Cas’s side of the table, glanced his way and muttered, “Flattery. Wise choice.”
So, Archangel, I have much to share with you this bright December morn. It appears I have made a new friend. And one outside of The Garden, no less!
Castiel is not going to ask Gabe about the Braedens or their daughter and possible son-in-law. He’s unbelievably lucky that Gabe was already off at med school when Castiel graduated, and thus was not around to notice his little brother’s clear crush on the neighbor’s boyfriend. He is NOT going to give him a scent of that now.
“Honestly? I don’t know,” Dean whispered, careful not to be overheard beyond their little table. “Just hanging out at home, probably. We broke up.”
“Yeah. I mean, there were some great people in that shop, but if I’m honest it was always meant to be just a starting place. I never wanted it to be my endgame. I learned a helluva lot from Jesse, but I’ve always been aiming to work on classics, take lost causes and make ‘em shine.” He leaned forward conspiratorially, finally looking a bit more relaxed. “I hate to be a snob, but if I never have to investigate another ‘weird sound’ in a brand-new Prius it’ll be too soon.”
Good Evening Archangel,
Confession, Archangel: I’ve been burying the lede a bit here. I made a strange discovery this morning, but I wasn’t entirely sure the true wonder of it would be apparent without the appropriate context. So, now that I’ve introduced you to my new circle of acquaintances here in East Jordan, I’ll let you in on the strangest truth of all:
Softening some, Castiel shifted to face Dean more fully. The man looked embarrassed, and more, he looked lost. “What happened, Dean?”
“Look, I know I don’t do feelings right, but you could have asked. All that shit about ‘not being able to have me’? You’ve had me for years, Cas.”
He nodded, yet again. “It was basically my first day off since the holidays, and she was out with some of her girls, so I decided to go through the boxes Mom had sent back with me at Christmas.” He paused, clearly realizing Cas had no clue what he was talking about. “Mom and Dad have cleaned out our rooms back at the house to repaint them,” he explained. “So, I had these boxes of old stuff from when we were growing up. And I found that sketch book in one of the boxes, half full of one of the best days I can remember, and I just—”
“Oh yeah? How so?”
That made Dean laugh again. “I hear that. I tried listening to Zepp 1 on the road trip up, but I had to stop after the first day. Too many flashbacks to your senior year.”
Thanks to Castiel’s restraint, Dean makes an unexpected offer. “You wanna come watch a movie? Me and Ben here are gonna do a socially distant watch in the backyard and get takeout.” He’s indicating the kid, who has followed Dean down toward the curb to join the conversation. “We were thinkin’ burgers and
Chuckling, Cas muttered his perennial reply, “so they tell me,” and headed in to breakfast.
But Dean stood back with a devilish gleam in his eye. “Fuck that. Help me move the night stand.”
Cas blinked. “Yes, actually,” he replied, thinking back over the various uncomfortable conversations he’d witnessed over the course of the evening.
“I did,” Cas agreed. “The Pimp-Mobile didn’t break down once.”
Castiel nodded, wondering desperately how best to comfort the newly single in the midst of a joyous nuptial weekend. “It's going to be okay, Dean. You just have to get through one more day, and then the wedding will be over and the lovebirds will be far, far away where you don't have to look at them anymore.”
All in all, Mr. Smith is very pleased with your progress, and he hopes you will consider his offer for the future, as he truly believes your career is on track to take off spectacularly. He also offers his sincere congratulations regarding your recent news of publication.
Through the line came a low voice, and to Castiel’s relief that voice sounded equal parts hopeful and relieved. “Dean? Is…is that really you?
It was such a rush of warmth to hear Dean say that again that Cas couldn’t contain his smile. “Well, that's the thing about family, isn’t it? No matter how long between visits, they're still there when you need them.”
From their seat on the front steps, Dean and the same young boy from the other night  wave at Lisa before turning their attention back to the tablet screen in Dean’s hand. Both of them are masked.
“Heya, Cas,” he calls, when Castiel’s fevered wishes to disappear into the hedge next door go unanswered.
“Well done,” he responded, honestly impressed. “Most people don’t say it right the first time.” She still seemed perplexed, so he crouched down in front of her to confide, “It’s kind of a silly name.”
What, Archangel, could he possibly see in me that would fuel his pursuit? He knows I am inexperienced in love, so I imagine even pure lust would be tainted with the inherent risks of choosing a virginal partner. And, anyway, we are friends. Playboy history or no, I cannot imagine I would be someone he would turn to for a quick, physical fling. There are much safer options if that’s what he wants, men and women with knowledge and skill who would be much more equipped to satisfy his needs. I would not be the natural choice.
Happy to take that bait, Cas made his best attempt at a Yoda impression. “Settle you need not...”
“Really,” Castiel assured him. “Especially if a secret was kept out of goodness.” Predictably, Dean looks poised to argue, but Castiel persists. “And then? Once I’ve told him everything? Then what? Do you really think he wants to date me?”
Well, that’s a slight exaggeration. While we can write about anything, we are expected to at least occasionally adhere to the rules of grammar and structure, especially if Crowley has anything to say about it. He is the resident Editor Extraordinaire on our faculty, the king of composition, and a demon with the red pen if you forget to edit thoroughly. Honestly, I think he thoroughly enjoys being contrary, so the job seems to work out well for him. So far, he hasn’t been as displeased with my style as with some of the others. Though he did spend nearly a quarter of an hour during the Thursday session extolling about the apparently excessive use of quotation marks in my work. He maintained that it makes me sound sarcastic all the time. Apparently, in his view, that is a problem. I, being a generally sardonic person and already far more comfortable in this space than in your average classroom, did not keep my response to myself. I solemnly explained to him that this punctuation phenomenon occurs because my “sincerity skills” are a bit “rusty”, pulling out my trust hand quotation marks without shame. Meg fell off her chair laughing. Crowley raised a single eyebrow, very flatly said, “Funny” in his traditional sneering British tone, and moved on to a rant about Meg’s own use of clinical terms in sex scenes. But I tell you, Archangel, I felt his respect in that single pair of syllables. We have the tenuous understanding of two kindred, cynical spirits, I’m certain of it. (Let’s just hope he never becomes aware of my indecent use of parentheses in these letters. He might spontaneously combust.)
They stared between their beds for one ringing moment before Cas finally spoke again. “We should probably get some sleep. Jo tells me you two are planning to go pester Sam awake at the crack of dawn.”
January 28 –
Happy Holidays Archangel!
Dean’s shoulders loosened slightly, but he still looked uncertain. “Hell, I don’t know where to start, Cas, that’s the problem. I get the occasional update from Mom about things in your life, but I don’t even know…” He frowned down at his hands. “I think she assumes we still talk. You know, like we used to. So, she probably leaves stuff out.” There was a silence as neither man could come up with a retort. “So, are you still in Michigan?”
No one is on the lawn.
Dean laughed at that, relaxing a little further. There was another slight pause before he asked, “And, uh, what else? You dated a rock star apparently…”
In case you couldn’t already tell, Balthazar is, at least in my opinion, really something else. I’ll have to admit to being quite infatuated with him, actually, even after only two days. He is a stunning man, tan and blonde, tall and lean and graceful with a smooth demeanor and an unprovoked British accent. Like Meg, he speaks of no family beyond his friends, as though content to claim that he appeared from the ether as a 19-year-old in an East Lansing dive bar 5 years ago when he met Meg. He is a visual artist, although I gather he also has a variety of jobs that fund his lifestyle, including tending bar and dealing Black Jack in the Detroit casinos. I also gather that he is bisexual and brazen enough to shamelessly flirt with new acquaintances over champagne and strawberries.
Sure enough, Sam’s howl of “Dammit, Dean!” rang out a moment later, and the Groom once again chased his Best Man out toward the woods.
Dean nodded, deflating a bit with each question.
He followed this enigmatic half phrase with a gesture toward Castiel. The motion seemed to be very meaningful to Dean, but all Castiel could offer back was a confused head tilt.
Well, Archangel, I made a bunch of somethings. It was a strange few days, a frenzy of ideas and visions and wild scribbles. Perhaps I, too, was possessed by the motivational speaker or one of her kin. Whatever brought on this mania, the results have been fascinating.
“Yep. Matt got an alert about a potential exposure, so he quarantined for the last two weeks, and his tests all came back negative today. So, they’re celebrating as most couples do.” He’s got an amused smile on his face. He really is genuinely happy for them, as best Cas can tell. “Did we scandalize you earlier, with her going next door to her lover?”
Thrown but stuck, Cas tried to settle back in his seat. “Of course.”
“Are you okay?”
That surprised a laugh from Dean. “Right, okay, then, great.”
The silence was, naturally, even worse. In the absence of music came a ghost of that same haunting melody, richly accompanied by dangerous memories. Memories of summers at the lake and walks home from school and Christmas evenings in the Winchesters’ basement. All complete with Dean’s encouraging smile, his inviting eyes bright with excitement and affection. And, then, when the memories began to contain Lisa, well…Cas hated that he honestly liked her, because he envied her so deeply it physically hurt sometimes. Needless to say, it had felt like a blessing when he had missed seeing Dean and Lisa during his last visit home this Christmas. Much to his own guilt, Cas had found Christmas even more enjoyable in their absence, happily spending lazy afternoons with his family without the nagging awareness of Dean and Lisa pulling his focus. They had come up at New Year’s, apparently, but he had conveniently gone back home by then.
So, yes. Everyone at the Roadhouse is still wonderful and welcoming, and I was very happy to be back. And yet— and this is what I’ve been struggling to understand— there was something else as well, something other than happiness churning in my chest. I felt no less joy at being in East Jordan, but within hours of my arrival the joy itself seemed to ache, a physical thing settling deep in my chest, adjusting its depth in fits and at odd moments, smelling like love while tasting like tears. It was, at the time, baffling. There was nowhere on Earth I’d rather be, so why was I saturated with this unprovoked melancholy?
Then Jo’s diverted voice chimed in. “You’re gonna want to lock that up somewhere safe tonight, Winchester. Because I bet the Queen over here would sell several moderately essential organs to get her eyes on that manuscript.”
“For basically evaporating out of your life?” He looked nonplussed that this hadn’t been at the forefront of Cas’s thoughts. And perhaps his surprise was justified—he couldn’t know that Cas had largely made peace with this last night.
“You’re looking at him,” Dean replied, gaze bouncing around the room, landing anywhere but on Castiel. “Dean Michael Winchester. Like you said right at the beginning, Smith was just a convenient alias.”
My apologies for the slight delay with this letter— I had to take a bit of time to process some things before I could write to you about this particular vacation. There were several complex and seemingly contradictory feelings swirling around in my chest by the end of the break, and even I, a supposed wordsmith, couldn’t immediately articulate the how and the why of it all. Perhaps I still can’t, really— I certainly don’t have real, tangible answers. But I’m hoping the attempt to put this down in a letter to you will bring some clarity to my own heart.
Patience Turner, the photographer in question, showed up promptly at 1PM to start in on pre-ceremony photos. Cas was slightly baffled by the sheer volume of images she was tasked with capturing, but was very impressed when she showed him her early stills of the yard’s finished setup, empty but glowing in the noonday sun. Patience’s business was a two-person operation, he learned, and her co-founder Kaia was in town, meticulously capturing Jess’s transformation into bride. Patience attempted the same with the grooms-people as Sam, Dean, Jo, Cas, and Kevin emerged in their grey summer suits (mercifully jacket free, given the heat) and donned their freshly MacGyvered boutonnieres on the sunny attic porch. Jo looked stunning in a silvery grey sleeveless jumpsuit, and in an uncharacteristic show of femininity had even woven some flowers into her hair to match those pinned to her chest. When Cas commented on how nice she looked, she punched him hard in the shoulder, but he could have sworn she blushed, as well.
Teasing clearly evident in his face, Dean pretended to pout at this ultimatum. “Aww, but we made a double bed and everything”
Dean, for his part, wasn’t some raging dick bag. He was just a dude. A bit of a jock, but with too much hint of an iffy home life to be called “clean cut”. He was in his own little world, complete with a couple close friends and a hot dance-team girlfriend, and in the vastness of their rather large high school population, he very easily might not have known that the same Cas Novak from 7th grade was back in the neighborhood at all.
Cas occupied himself with the other guests during the remainder of the reception. It wasn’t a difficult choice to justify, really; Dean was the Best Man in a room full of wedding guests. Everyone wanted to chat with him. And if Cas wasn’t particularly keen on figuring out what to say to him just yet? Well, that was his own business. He didn’t think it was out of line to take a couple hours to calm his pulse, still racing from a moment that had so nearly been a kiss. Minefields were better navigated with a cool head, after all.
They said their goodbyes and headed off toward the cars, calling a farewell to John and Bobby in the barn as they passed. They loaded their bags into their respective vehicles, and with a happy sigh Dean pulled Castiel in for a deep, lingering kiss on the side of the Impala.
a place for slow-night-Scrabble lit by holly scented candles,
“Definitely.” And Castiel feels a little vindicated about his assumptions given the proud parent twist to Dean’s mouth when he pronounces the word. They’re obviously close, even if they’re not related, either biologically or familially. “He’s been great through all the chaos of the last few months, too. Hell, I can’t go in the house to make him go to bed on time tonight, but I’d place bets he’ll still be in there with the lights off ready to sleep exactly when I told him to. What kid does that?”
“Are you gonna go hit the grocery, then?” Mary asked, taking the empty cupcake plate back from Cas.
As I believe I’ve mentioned to you before, the idea with this assignment is for each of us to take Jody’s personalized recommendations and apply them to work during the final semester to see where the ideas take us. She designed these suggestions to push us, to open us up. They’re not writing prompts or structured assignments, but guiding ideas to be incorporated at will. It’s something like an independent study, I suppose, but with specific little focuses given to help us tweak and expand our horizons as we go. It’s an exercise in breaking through self-imposed barriers, really, and I know I’m fascinated to see where it takes me.
Addison giggled and whispered, “Kinda.” Then she tilted her head again but before she could add more she had been scooped up by a tall blonde woman.
(oh, so liberating) was uninterested in tracking my literary education long enough to control it, I quickly gravitated toward those texts I had expected to find forbidden. Whether fantastical or questionable or outright banned books, I inhaled all of it in the moments I could carve out between homework and housework, and my world expanded exponentially with every page. Even stories set in the mundanity of any given “now” gave me such a newness to explore. I was acquainted with so few people (and knew even fewer) that having a guide through any new experience led my mind into previously unimagined galaxies without fail. It was, truly, my first taste of the world. Of humanity. Of magic.
And allow me to assure you that both plants continue to thrive. I have offered them into Joshua’s highly capable hands during my time away, so I have no doubt they will be healthy and happy when I return to the Estate.
And that, Archangel, is how I came to write a children’s book last week. I never imagined that sentence coming truthfully from my pen, but here we are. I don’t have a title yet, but it’s the story of a kid who gets picked on by the other mythical creatures at school because she is both a ghost and a dragon. She has taken their taunts to heart, and come to believe that she is “doubly not real” and therefore somehow less than, not enough, the whole nine yards of low self-worth. But then she meets a kind jackalope who offers insights about what “real” even means, and how maybe the other kids’ perspectives on that are simply out of date. “You have a heart and a mind and a will”, the jackalope tells the dragon. “Sounds as real as anyone else, don’t you think?” It turned out to be far more touching than I anticipated, honestly. Even Bela thought so. Krissy recommended I send it to Alfie when I’ve finalized it, because she thought it had good insights into the foster kid mind. And apparently Garth’s brother thinks it sounds like it has legs as a window into an aspect of the trans experience, as well, which hadn’t even occurred to me. Supposedly Kevin’s girlfriend, an artist, is working on some sketches, so I might actually end up with an illustrated draft at some point soon. Wild how a toss away thought can spiral into something so unexpected and broad…
I suppose I ought to begin with the reminder that I am, at heart, a skeptic. Perhaps not quite a pessimist, but certainly on the realist’s side of the fence when it comes to human nature. I approach the world eager to be proven wrong, but I’ve seen enough in my strange little life to know how power can corrupt, how a connection (once seen as a given) can go amiss, how communication can fail entirely, even within a small community.
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean agreed, shaking himself a bit and moving toward the dresser. “I’ll continue with the Twenty Questions tomorrow.” But his smirk faded as he picked up his dopp kit and quietly added, “if that’s alright.”
“He works there,” Cas assures him, realizing that Gabe has probably made no effort to even introduce himself to the neighbors. “Emergency room. It’s…not great right now.”
Castiel, never having figured out how to respond to compliments such as these even in the best of times, took the easiest way out. He picked up his water glass from the coffee table and drained half of it, flailing around for a different angle.
So, monumental conversations, epiphanistic evenings, deep communal barings of the soul—well, let’s just say I’ve always considered them more optimistic plot devices than legitimate, real world possibilities.
Dean raised his eyebrows, looking far too proud of himself. “I do now.”
No further comment seemed forthcoming—Dean was frozen. So, Cas continued. “It was quite illuminating. Apparently the one from the farm had cremated every barn dog and cat that had died throughout her life so that they could be mixed with her own ashes. I understand the grave marker had to be quite enormous to fit them all.”
I, who must sit here now wondering if it was a misstep to refer to you as “he” only a moment ago, because we both know that a pseudonym is no guarantee of gender presentation or personal identity.
And thus, the Winchester boys came to spend much of their childhoods in East Jordan, Michigan. John would come and go, but with the Harvelle’s and their friends watching over them, both boys were able to lead at least a stable life, if not a “normal” one. Dean worked at the Roadhouse through high school, then got a full ride scholarship to study Mechanical Engineering at the University of Michigan, and Sam graduated valedictorian of his high school, with his eyes set on a law degree. He received a scholarship of his own, and went off to Stanford University to seek his fortunes.
Cas actually saw Dean’s eyes dilate at that suggestion. “It is now.”
But, then Dean asked a rather ominous question. “Can I ask you something?”
I expect you find it bit shocking, Archangel, that this was such a new experience for me? Or, if not shocking, then slightly sad. I expect (or, certainly, hope) that you experience this sort of thing with regularity, reuniting with the friends and family you’ve accumulated over your years of school, work, and life out there in the world. For most, this reception appears to be a normal experience, even ordinary, expected, assumed. Imagine my surprise to encounter it first at 22.
Ben rolls his eyes. “Yeah, okay. Hit play so we can get back to your one true love, Han Solo.”
As you can imagine, the only thing she achieved in explaining all this to me was identification of the root problem. I didn’t have any answers for her, really. My upbringing might have been steady in a way Krissy’s wasn’t, but it certainly had some deliberate deviations from the average. There was a fence, but it was, by no means, white or picket-shaped. Naomi’s was a single adult home, full of variously acquired children and farmhands, woefully short on displays of affection, where the only pies were baked for the church and were “not for greedy little children, understood?” It was neither normal nor actively abusive, far from fun, but ultimately survivable. It simply was, and it affords me very little context for the average home environment outside of a rather boring Cinderella remake (sans evil siblings and handsome prince).
“Occasionally. But mostly in Ann Arbor. The University hires me to capture all kinds of live events and shows, even some lectures and seminars. I teamed up with another alumnus who does professional video, and we tag team at student-run events, too, sometimes.”
An idea began to form in Castiel’s mind, but before he could voice it, he was distracted by a movement at his elbow. Mary and Ellen had joined them at the high top, and for the first time in hours, neither of them looked happy.
“Hey, so,” Ben begins, looking at the small cell phone in his hand. “Andy wants me to jump into Fortnite. That okay?”
This does not make him stop.
There’s a kid with him.
“Even when someone falls down a relationship black hole and forgets about the rest of the world for a few years?”
“I have no clue what that means, but it definitely sounds intriguing,” Dean replied. “Any chance you’d be able to point me toward a cheap place to crash up there in the Frozen North, Cas?”
Well, it has been quite an eventful few weeks in our little northern enclave, Archangel! In addition to our ever-informative class time sessions, our educations saw the beginnings of a new expansion this week when a visitor alighted upon the Estate!
“Yes sir,” Dean answered. “That’s the grand plan.”
Ever yours, in fuzzy-headed gratitude,
For a split second, Dean looked baffled. “Cele— Oh, right… Uh. ‘Celeste Middleton’ is actually just a false identity Charlie uses online sometimes. It’s just— you sounded so sad when you wrote about how you were gonna be stuck alone in the house over Christmas. I
perhaps—
And he nearly yelped when the sturdy brown door behind it swung open simultaneously.
Castiel wasn’t sure he was fooled, but he took pity on the man. “That was very thoughtful, Dean. Thank you.”
I believe I mentioned in my last letter that the creator of our final project would be an outsider, a new professor who would come to the Garden, meet us all, and then return at the end of the semester with hand-crafted project guidelines in hand. And, in case I didn’t explain that before, (the downside of hand written letters being that I cannot check…) at least I have done so now.
Deciding to go with the flow, (and, truthfully, just masochistic enough to relish this forced closeness) Castiel assumed the position as well, winding his arms loosely around Dean’s neck. They began to sway together to the steady beat, surrounded by chattering couples as a warm evening breeze blew in through the open doors of the barn.
This earned Cas a wide smile. “I want.”
“Thank
And on that note, let us turn from the morose onto the new and exhilarating!
“She’ll learn better soon enough,” Jo offered dryly, earning a punch in the shoulder from her girlfriend and laughs all around.
Greetings from the Roadhouse. I just arrived in East Jordan for the brief summer break, so I am writing to you this evening from “my” booth in the corner after devouring one of Ellen’s spectacular bacon cheeseburgers and a chocolate milkshake. A few feet away, Jo is demolishing some Fudgies at the pool table, and Ash seems to be explaining some obscure concept of Astrophysics to a bemused Rufus at the bar. Perhaps it is strange that I feel so at peace here, but I cannot deny that I do.
“I mean, she raised us,” he pointed out, digging pajamas from his suitcase as he spoke. “She's come to expect it.”
Sam lit up like a Christmas tree as he remembered the manuscript. He broke into a wide smile and bolted up the stairs, calling the familiar phrase, “You’re an angel, Cas!”
“I sort of thought Lisa would have told you about my side of this, to tell you the truth,” Cas offered after a moment.
“Shit,” Dean exclaimed softly, as the unmistakable melody of the Chicken Dance blasted through the hall. Dean opened his eyes, a shameful smirk spreading over his face as he released Cas from his arms. “You might want to get out of the line of fire,” he suggested. “He might actually kick my ass this time.”
Lord, it was happening again. But the music wasn’t mocking this time, and Cas had to break away as he doubled over in low-key-hysterical laughter.
Mary’s shoulders slumped in relief. She grasped his hand and said, “You really are an angel.” And seeing her relax, knowing that he had, at least, been able to remove one crisis from the shoulders of this woman who had welcomed into her family…well, Cas had always said he’d do anything for her. Now was the time to test that resolve, apparently. Beaming, Mary held her hand out to her son to take the phone. “Dean, you wanna grab your stuff and take it up to the attic? I’ll call Rufus back and let him grumble at me for a while.”
A week or so ago I awoke to find these words scribbled on the notepad next to my bed, the apparent mid-night scrawl of a man with a Very Important Idea.
Sincerely,
They meet up with Eileen in a park. It’s an absolutely fantastic day, with sunlight streaming down, all clouds departed, an endless stream of crystalline blue. When Eileen spots Baby pulling into the lot next to the park, she starts running, and she crashes into Sam so hard she knocks the whole million feet of him clean back onto the grass. He doesn’t seem to mind. He’s on the ground with the girl of his dreams on top of him, kissing him, surrounded by blooming things and vaguely scandalized strangers. It’s like heaven on Earth.
“I think Dad will want me to,” Dean admitted. “He’s been trying to persuade me to bring my expertise back to work with him and Bobby since I finished my degree. He’s fairly subtle, but he’s relentless.”
“That’s the spirit,” Cas commented, dryly, just as Ellen’s voice floated up the stairs, calling them down to carry groceries. They both stood to oblige.
Best Wishes, Archangel.
His reply was a guilty nod. “And hate me or not, but all that stuff you said? About you not being good enough? That’s bullshit, Cas. You’re a better man than I’ll ever be, and a hell of a lot smarter. This money? This house? I don’t belong here. It’s not me. I’m not some rich, powerful guy. You—you know my history. I know you do. I told you some of it, and the rest of it you got from Jo and recounted back to Archangel.”
This last delicious morsel of information was bestowed upon Bela, Krissy, and myself by Meg’s childhood friend, Balthazar, who had driven up to Petoskey to make our induction into “The Family” official. Apparently before Meg began to develop her impressive brand of scary sarcasm, she had a deep love of everything cow print, and for some months would wear nothing else. Meg claims to have burned all the evidence, but I got the distinct impression that Balthazar might have squirreled at least one photo away. I do so hope I’m right. I know you have not met Meg, Archangel, but she is just the sort of leather-clad tour de force who would be mortified for ever having done something so charmingly “silly”, even in childhood. This sort of photo is ultimate in effectively harmless blackmail.  (For the record, Balthazar was briefly declared “disowned from ‘The Family’” for having divulged the fact of the Cow Phase, but his status was restored when he ordered in champagne and strawberries for us all to enjoy.)
Mary lit up with a radiant smile. “Of course it is! How lovely. We’ll get to actually catch up with you, finally, since we didn’t get much downtime this weekend.” With a tender pat to Cas’s cheek, she added, “You know you’re always welcome, Castiel.”
It had seemed like a good idea at the time, saving the money he could have spent getting his ancient Continental outfitted with an iPod dock by sticking with old CDs and the radio. It would be like a charming high school throwback whenever he took a road trip. Fun, right?
Sam’s face was a mask of shock, and the others looked baffled.
The idea Cas had begun to foster before Mary’s interruption returned to the forefront of his mind. It might be the tiniest bit selfish of him to even think of it, but—well, maybe that was okay. Maybe everyone could win, this time. He resolved to at least put it out there. Give Dean an option, and accept whatever came next with grace. No matter what happened, he would not lose touch with Dean again. On that point, he was resolute.
I have to say, it was an excellent plan. You are, clearly, just as wily as I always dreamed. I really thought, for about three hours, that the package containing the over-the-top gift I attempted to send back to you had been deemed undeliverable. Indeed, that was written on the box.
“Does it? Cause I have absolutely no plan, apart from a visit to my parents’ place. Sounds pretty unreasonable to me.” He dropped his head into his hands. “I’m basically homeless, Cas.”
“Maybe,” he acknowledged. “But I don’t want that to be who I am.”
“Beautiful,” Dean pronounces, clapping his hands together. “I just need a couple minutes to finish setting up the projector, but come on back.”
Dean must have gleaned what he needed from Castiel’s lusty impatience, because soon enough he was leaning right back in. And finally,
Dean put his hands up to placate. “Jeeze, okay, fine. But this is it, okay? You don’t owe me anything.”
“Apart from pointing me toward East Jordan in the first place,” Castiel corrected. But there was another possibility, wasn’t there? “Or was that Celeste’s idea?”
“I’m not actually familiar with that establishment,” Cas confesses, causing Dean to raise his eyebrows in surprise. “But if they offer a bacon cheeseburger of some kind, I’ll have one of those.”
“But—“
Next, a question of vital importance to my survival this year: What am I supposed to call you? As you might have noticed, I already find myself utterly unable to address these letters to “Mr. Smith”. Given your desire for complete anonymity, I cannot imagine that this is your actual name, and it feels far too cold and clinical, in any case. I received no admonishments about tone after my last letter, so I must assume you are as averse to formalities as I am. “Mr. Smith” will not do.
The Winchesters were his family by rights, if not by blood. Cas had grown up down the street from their house, had played at the park with the two younger boys on and off in his early youth. Then, when Mama had gotten sick, Mary had collected the Novaks. She was a notorious collector of people in their town- legend had it when Bobby Singer had lost his wife, she had given him exactly one month to wallow, then had marched down to his house with all of her boys and an enormous casserole, and thrown a makeshift dinner party in his house, whether he liked it or not. She had always been casually friendly with Ellen Harvelle, who ran the local bar, but when her husband passed, Mary simply adopted her along with her daughter Jo. It was just her way, and the Novaks were no exception.
June 9, 2018
“Archangel knew what my history entailed, how alone I was in the world, but I never quite disclosed the extent of it to Dean Winchester.”
Dean’s grin spread as he slid an arm over Cas’s shoulder and turned to his mother. “My room,” he repeated.
Beyond the sporadic flurries of frantic authoring, I’ve also been doing quite a lot of thinking about what I’m going to do with myself after this program has ended. I’ll have a bit saved up by the time graduation rolls around, which certainly puts my mind at ease. But I can’t coast on leftover stipend money forever, and it would be irresponsible to try for very long. So, I’ve been trying to determine what sort of “day job” would best allow me time to continue writing without sucking my soul entirely dry. I’m leaning, at the moment, toward tutoring, or the sort of teaching that doesn’t require me to go immediately back to school for a different degree. I’m fairly certain my skills in at least English, history, science, French language and Spanish language are still refined enough to tutor a high school aged student, and with a bit of a refresh I should be back up to scratch in most disciplines of mathematics, a swell. Depending on where I decide to live, I understand this can be a decently lucrative business for a recent graduate of my abilities, and I have quite a bit of practical experience instructing children and helping with their homework from my time at Angel Farm. Though, I probably shouldn’t give Naomi as a reference, given how pleased she was to see the back of me. I’ll think of something else. Perhaps one of my professors here can point me in the right direction. I wonder if one can teach ESL without a Master’s in Education? I should look into that, given my abilities with various languages. I’ve been meaning to expand my horizons to learn Arabic, so perhaps I should finally commit to starting on that journey…
“Come on, Addy, leave the poor man alone. He’ll get enough of your questions once the party actually starts, I’m sure.”
“Yeah,” Cas replied, shrugging. “Mostly.”
“Hardly,” Cas playfully scoffed. “It’s a proposition of sorts. For your immediate, post-Lawrence future. But if you’re not interested…”
The thing is, in the moment, he didn’t think to ask for anything. Cause...well, you know. Jack was making his own call - a really noble one at that - and Dean hadn’t seen it coming at all. The kid was more god than God ever was. His kid. His son, basically. He can admit that now. Because Dean’s in charge of his own world, finally - no Dad making demands, no Zachariah pulling strings, no Mark of Cain, no Michael, no Chuck. Just Dean.
The grin Dean gives him before he heads toward the garage is sinful, and Castiel is very much here for seeing that expression as often as humanly possible.
His subconscious will never allow him to forget just how irrationally pleased he was to note that there were no passengers in the car with Dean.
The difficulty is that this trip wasn’t like before. Past visits with Dean have also included Meg and Bela— and more recently Charlie— and have occurred in places of leisure and pleasure, unencumbered by additional obligations and outside influences. Our correspondences between these meetings have been casual and pleasantly pedestrian— texts and emails about everyday amusements and frivolous fancies. But this… Dean and I were both on vacation, but those around us were not. For the Harvelle’s and their clan, this was an ordinary week with guests floating around the edges of their daily responsibilities.
“True, true,” was Dean’s vague response. He looked a bit lost again, nodding absently, so Cas took pity on him.
(Not to mention the stipend, which is generous on its own and will set me on an excellent track after the program ends.)
When Dean leans back, just enough but still blissfully close, he has the distinct pleasure of studying whatever it is Cas is doing with his face in response to the surprise romantic assault. The expression is really quite something - a hilarious mix of confusion, panic, and ascendant bliss. Dean
We’re really back into the swing of things now, Archangel. After about two weeks back from the holiday break, it’s becoming clear that our second semester is going to have a slightly different “vibe” in comparison to the first. Things in the autumn were fairly divided, different professors asking us to bring in work in to be examined through their various areas of expertise, working on it with us one at a time, even in group sessions.
Cas could see that. For Dean to come back and then actively decide on bigger and better things would hit John like a physical blow. He had gotten used to the Florida move over time, but he had been able to rationalize it with the fact that Dean had Lisa’s desires to consider.
Castiel nods, shuffling pieces of this strange reality in his mind. “He seems like a good kid.”
“So, uh,” Sam had continued, eyes huge. “Will you be horribly offended if we hire another photographer to capture the ceremony? I’d much rather have you up there with me than just documenting it.”
It was an unassuming house, nothing huge or overly fancy. It was red brick, a couple of stories high, white windows blinking in the autumn light over a wide covered porch. It was lovely. But it wasn’t what Castiel had been expecting.
“Excellent choice,” Ben replies, tapping on the tablet again.
Then it dawned on Cas what Dean must have inferred from earlier in the evening. “Oh, Zeke. No, he wasn’t an actual skydiver. He just went skydiving the one time. But whenever he had any weed or liquor in his system, you could not get him to stop talking about it. How ‘flying transformed him’. He was a good guy, on the whole— still is, I’m sure— but a little too intent on being ‘deep’ for my taste.”
The uncertainty of it nearly broke Cas’s heart. “Of course, Dean.”
After a tiny pause, Dean bursts out laughing. “Shit, sorry. No. It’s got an apartment up on top. Like a Mother-in-Law Suite, but not so fancy. I live up there.” Finally at least following the logic of the conversation, Castiel leans his head back and joins in with Dean’s laughter. When they both finally manage to calm back down to light chuckles, Dean asks, “Did you think I just hang around here all the time doing lawn work?!”
I will, however, tell you that of the finished pieces I shared, Jody’s declared favorite was the same that inspired your sponsorship of my place here. So, clearly you are in good company.
Well, Dean was sure looking at him now. He blinked several times owlishly. “So. Let me make sure I have this right.” He looked completely bewildered, a deer in the proverbial headlights with green eyes frozen wide. “For roughly 3-4 years, we each had a crush on the other? At the same time? And didn’t figure that out until just now? About a decade later?”
Finally, Ellen clapped her hands and got back to the tasks at hand. “Well, I’m glad you’re here, kiddo, but I’m gonna need to steal these two knuckleheads away for a bit,” she said, nodding toward Charlie and Jo.
The deep misgivings hidden under that question amused Cas to no end, just as it had amused Cas to watch Dean squirm the handful of times he had met the implacable Meg Masters. He tried to hide his smile, but he couldn’t help teasing a bit. “Same as ever. She sends you her regards, by the way.”
The others are working hard as well, trying to dive as deep into the uncertainties of their own projects as possible. Bela has been working especially hard at softening herself in the face of her task, and it seems to have allowed her quite the opportunity for soul searching. Strangely, as I’ve observed and tried to help her sort out her journey this month, I’ve begun to feel myself beginning to learn quite a bit about how a female experience can boil in contradictions. She has come to me several times as a sounding board, and has inadvertently opened my eyes to some of the unexpected ways this world squeezes a woman like her in a vice between evil and purity— the million different ways every choice will be interpreted, the depths that the tiniest miscalculation in a seemingly frivolous decision could mean failure, dismissal, even danger. To see how vulnerability is made to weigh on such a tenacious soul has captivated my attention and opened my mind to so many things I have missed. I hope only that my open ears can help her meet her challenges here. We have come to connect on a much more profound level than I could have anticipated, both in friendship and in collaboration, and I want to give back to that connection even as I learn from it.
“Okay, I’ll give you that. But it’s June, Dean.”
He bypassed the back door in favor of the front porch entrance, eager for a first look at the patch of beach the trees allowed. The water sparkled invitingly, or, perhaps, winked back at Castiel as he let himself in through the open lake house door.
Yours, forever,
in the silent solidarity of a gleaming glare.
With love,
Well, silly me for trusting Bela’s estimation of her relations, because Dean Winchester proved to be anything but unpleasant.
My initial reaction was to toss the note and move on with my life— it made little sense, and the idea, whatever it might have been, was gone. But our group session with Crowley that afternoon included a wholly unexpected rant from the man about making something from nothing, about having faith in your skill to build from anything if the need is there.
And who, pray tell, pays off said smartphone’s call and data plans ahead for a FULL YEAR?!
Ellen eventually called over a request that Sam couldn’t help with, and Cas offered to take over. Dean looked taken aback. “Cas, you can play now?”
They all called their goodbyes – apart from Sam, who was apparently too lost in the book to notice anything, at this point, and the trio headed toward the cars.
The battles in my heart have been myriad this summer, Archangel, as I’m sure you can see. The heights were beautiful and the depths were unpleasant, and I do not know how I can ever hope to reconcile it all. A reckless part of me gazed upon Dean in the light of the drive-in screen and wanted desperately to kiss his laughing lips with all the appreciation my heart has built up in our months of acquaintance. But the Naomi-tinged voice of my most cynical conscience rang through with a laundry list of contrary points. I am nothing in comparison to him, most of all— can I guarantee that any reason I might have for accepting his devotion is “the right reason”? And what absurdity even makes me think I will ever have the chance to find out?
Opting to take that literally, Cas laughed. “Hardly.”
It hangs there, a little balloon of wonder, filling Castiel with an awe that knows no bounds, lifting him up by the heart strings and tempting him to float away on the evening breeze. Here sits Dean Winchester, unattached and braced to flee, flirting with him. This is definitively not something Castiel would have predicted from the hellscape that is the year 2020.
It’s energizing in a soft way - not the adrenaline and creeping panic of a hunt or an apocalypse, but a focused task to help aim their days, with occasional elation at the end of the search. Because some of them are back, somewhere, living lives, and it warms Dean’s heart to know that while he and Sam are alone in the bunker, they are not alone in the world.
Dean grimaced, finally freeing his lip. “Uh… thanks.”
“You’re kidding,” Dean replies, more surprised than disbelieving. “You staying with him? I noticed there was a new car in the driveway.”
the room sang out.
Archangel!
“Hey Castiel. Uh, this is going to sound unbelievably cliché, but,” he hesitates for a second, rubbing the back of his neck as he looks apologetically at Cas. “Could I, uh… borrow some sugar?”
Sam seemed to be warring with his more chivalrous instincts as he gazed at her, but there was no way he could resist the power of that look on Ellen’s face. “Fine,” he said, a bit petulant in his defeat. With a nod, the women turned toward the kitchen. “But can I at least—“
Dean just shakes his head and says, “Eat your dinner.” He might actually be blushing, but that could be a trick of the fading light.
“Exactly,” Cas agreed. “Even if you just come up for the rest of the summer, put some feelers out, think of it as a fact-finding mission. Then you could either settle in the area or not, depending on what you find.” He could feel Dean nodding, and couldn’t resist a little extra nudge. “Honestly, I think the Woodward Dream Cruise would be like your own personal Nirvana.” He could see it in his mind’s eye: taking Dean to the Dream Cruise would be like bringing an artist to the Met for the first time. He truly hoped he could have the pleasure of witnessing that, even it if meant long sweaty hours stuck in traffic.
“But?”
“Do you have something specific in mind? Or do you just mean that generally?”
Archangel, I have to confess that in the hour between the phone call and our arrival at the café I had formed a rather unflattering image in my head of Bela’s cousin. From the way she spoke to and of him, I had invented a man of questionable taste and intelligence who somehow managed to be both unsavory and Casanova himself. He was clearly going to be a mess of contradictions, and none of them particularly pleasant.
This. This is what they fought so hard for every time, really. Free will and family: both, not one over the other.
every giggle a miracle.
But when he checks again a few hours later, Dean is, in fact, on the front lawn in the dimming colors of the early evening light. And he is not alone.
Dean nodded his agreement. “Stubborn old man won’t budge. I offered to pay for the room, and he about took my head off.”
Cas chuckled, the return of Dean’s usual teasing superiority putting him at ease. “What about your friends there?”
I’m not sure how much I told you before about my project’s prompt. The upshot was that I needed to push myself out of my comfortable little bubble of knowledge and let something honest and unknown take over. It was quite a ride, let me tell you, as I pulled together some past characters and concepts into a new space and let them run wild. The end result was pleasantly unexpected.
Oh, Archangel.
Congratulations. You have been selected as the recipient of the Millicent Greenwaldt Memorial Scholarship. This prize is awarded to one University of Michigan-Flint student each year as he or she graduates with a degree in creative writing or poetry, and is intended to be used toward a graduate program of the student’s choice.
Understanding the distinction now, Dean let out a huff of disagreement. “You didn’t have to tell me anything, Cas. That was your business.”
I suppose those are the most amusing points, for the moment. Thanksgiving is fast approaching, so I am quite glad to be rid of my cold. I’ll be staying at the Estate for a quiet holiday with Krissy, along with Chuck and some of the staff, which should be quite restful. I’m also hoping it will be productive, which I’m told is very un-American of me. Apparently, I’m supposed to spend the time off deliberately not working, even though I’ve missed nearly a week of work time to my pounding head, but I cannot see the wisdom in such suppression. Why force myself to stop writing when it is, in fact what I enjoy? Ah, well, Meg won’t be around to wheedle me about it over the weekend anyway, so I suppose I’ll be able to do as I please, in the end.
It’s not as though I expected these people to have forgotten me after a few months, but… well. I don’t have a lot of precedent with which to gauge how “memorable” I am, I suppose. Heavens, that sounds even worse when I spell it out on paper.
Dean nods. “Sounds good. Just head up the driveway when you’re ready.”
“I am really sorry about Lisa, though, Dean,” Cas offered in apology. Rather than letting any snotty comments about Lisa fall from his lips, he simply added, “You guys were together a long time.”
Well, surprise! I suppose you thought you were rid of me. And I intended for that to be so, frankly. Your term as my benefactor was up, and I have no further claim to your attention. But I’m lost in a bit of a crisis, you see, and cannot think where else to turn. My need for advice cannot be either quashed or resolved elsewhere.
“Sorry, Mom,” Dean said, turning back to Cas. “I’m just pissed I wasn’t here to greet you properly, man.”
There was a silence as Cas’s question hung in the scant few inches of air between them. Then Dean turned his head toward Cas with a grimace. “Would you believe me if I said I just really needed a hug?”
Invigorated anew, Castiel looked down at the numbers on the screen, unnamed but with a definitively foreign area code. “What?”
Yours,
It was going to be fine. Fun even. Maybe.
“So, you’re adrift.” Cas paused until Dean tilted his head in concession. Cas levelled him with a slightly teasing look and added, “That’s not the same as homeless.”
Cas had barely connected his phone charger to the wall when he heard Dean sigh and plop down on his own bed. “Is it that obvious?”
“I’m doing well, on the whole,” Cas replied, tentatively perching on his own bed. “And you? I’m sorry to hear Lisa couldn’t make it.”
Gotta say, things are going pretty spectacular for me. My job is pretty cool, since they let me nerd out about machines all day and then pay me for the privilege. My giant dork of a little brother met a really great girl in one of his law school classes and actually had the guts to ask her out, so I’ve got her to help me kick his ass when he needs it, now. My annoying little sort-of-sister is about to finish up her first semester of college and is impossibly smug about it, but I still couldn’t be prouder of her. (Please don’t tell her – I’ll never hear the end of it.)
Cas tried to recalibrate, look out at the road, focus on the music and ignore the lyrics, think about literally anything else. No dice. He gave up entirely, and popped out the CD.
Castiel rolled his eyes, though Dean wouldn’t be able to see that part. “Well, it will categorically NOT be frozen during the next two months. But, as it happens, I might know someone in the greater Metro Detroit area who has a very comfortable pull out couch available for a guest this summer.”
Mary put her hands on her hips and called out at her son’s retreating form. “You and Ellen, I swear. It’s like you think we’re allergic to following recipes.”
Shit, I’m already swearing way more than I meant to. Sorry. The point is, I’ve been totally head over heels for this ridiculously gorgeous, brilliant dude for at least two years now, and even living with me hasn’t sent him running for the hills. So, that’s pretty cool. I don’t know how I got so damn lucky. Charlie’s “saved a planet with The Doctor in a past life” theory is seeming more reasonable by the day.
And, yet, Cas knew he would never rescind his offer. Never in a million years.
Dean blinked. “Fuck.”
The two boys looked at each other. There was really no use keeping things quiet any longer, was there? Mary and Ellen already knew Dean was a free agent.
“Hello Sam.”
Dean took an audible breath and tried again. “I feel like when you’re young and everything is in fairy tale and super hero terms, you build this idea that love is all, I don’t know, fireworks displays and rushing to airports and public declarations of devotion. It’s all either sobbing or ecstasy. Drama and overwhelming feeling, always. But then you start to grow up, you watch your crush date someone else, you break a few hearts, get your own broken, and you start to assume your younger self was an idiot for believing the Disney-fied version of love. Life isn’t a chick flick- the world doesn’t all get to live happily ever after, so the rest of it must be an exaggeration, too, right? The poets are just saps, the songwriters are just trying to sell records, none of it is real. I think that’s where Lisa and I had gotten: we were content enough, we got along fine, and we enjoyed sex with each other, and that’s all we really expected to ever need. If love is only comfort and domesticity, then we must be fine. What more is there? But then I was sitting there on a Saturday afternoon looking at these sketches of a day straight out of a dream, and it occurred to me that—no. I know there’s more, because I’ve lived it.”
“Weirdo,” Cas chuckled, bizarrely flattered.
Dragon.
Ghost.
“And there are some true car lovers around the city who love their classics. I bet you could find a number of specialty garages to work at, at least for a start. Maybe even start your own business if you don’t find what you’re looking for. I have to think there’s a serious market for your sort of focus throughout the Metro Area.
I fear the way I’m explaining this is misleading. I don’t mean to imply any sort of black-and-white link between an author and the plot of their stories. It’s something else; a deeply ingrained hint of something ethereal that can both explain and complicate, an unintended discussion between the pen and the subconscious as the words flow onto the page.
“Yeah. Thanks, Mom,” Dean said, sounding a bit choked up as he stood there in his Mom’s embrace.
never
Cas, the self-deprecating little weirdo, just looks down in shame.
Unable to tilt his head while lying on his side, Cas simply smiled wider for emphasis. “I'd say especially then.”
“I do, though,” Cas cut in. “I was given strict instructions, because this is your engagement/bachelor gift from my father. He is so disappointed that he can’t be here this weekend, but he sends all his love from Venice.”
“Greetings, your highness.”
Dean shook off his distracted lust. “But, for real. I’d like to have you there.”
So, thank you. I hope you can appreciate why I will likely never stop thanking you, at least in my mind. And you shouldn’t expect me to, sir: I deserve to express my gratitude just as you deserve to accept it.
“But I do,” Castiel stressed. “I need to repay at least part of this favor, Dean.” And when Dean looked poised to argue further, he added, “I will superglue it to your forehead if I have to.”
“Um,” Cas shakes himself, realizing that he has now put himself in exactly the position he drove home wanting to avoid: he now needs to tell his high school crush about the dumpster fire that is his life. “Well,” he begins, deciding humor is his best defense, “I’m not sure if you’ve heard, but there’s a pandemic going on.”
“Yeah,” Charlie agreed, staring at him with impressive force. Dean’s eyes broke away from Castiel’s, and he seemed to engage in some sort of silent battle with her, made up largely of eyebrow movements and looks of desperation.
Garth, alternatively, is a naturally cheery person, whose writing is pretty consistent with his hopeful and positive personality. Jody has suggested he play a bit with the idea of his audience, perhaps writing without one in mind for a change. She recommended starting off with journaling, the sort that isn’t intended to be read by anyone (even Jody), to see what honesty can bubble up when there is no one at the other end to please or cheer up or risk disappointing. Then, perhaps, he can take themes from that journaling practice and expand or fully translate into something fictional (or non-fiction, if he wants – no requirements either way) in a new way, without intentionally rounding the edges or brightening the shadows.
And there, on the lawn across the street, stands Doom.
Early Wednesday afternoon, one Dean Winchester arrived in Boyne Falls, along with his best friend Charlie Bradbury. Contrary to what you might assume based on that name, Charlie is a small, red-haired firecracker of the female persuasion who simultaneously works as a techie at the same company as Dean, and runs the Internet like a hacker Robin Hood. She is also a queen at some sort of Medieval roll play activity that sounds like adult dress up. Apparently, this activity occasionally involves Dean wearing tights, which is an image I might never get out of my head. (No complaints! Though, that can be a challenging dichotomy when the object of such images is someone you are trying to be friends with.)
In a sense, Dean and I were on an island apart, free to explore the town on our own whenever my tutoring sessions with Jo were complete. And that is exactly what we did. Dean took me around this community that had housed the better parts of his childhood; the quietest lake spot for lounging, unbothered, on a summer afternoon; the best pie joint in the county that the tourists hadn’t ruined yet; the secret hilltop clearing where he had once shot off illegal fireworks for two hours before the telltale flash of police lights had broken the distant road. He walked me through his best memories, Archangel, welcomed me into those corners of himself unprompted and unashamed. He even took me to an honest-to-goodness drive-in movie theatre one night, to lay on the hood of his pristine classic car and eat popcorn to the sounds of a cartoon battle. It was like something out of a film, Archangel, and it took everything in me to remember that (despite the structural similarities) these were not, in fact, dates.
August 1, 2017
“No, no. Lis and I broke up after prom,” he admits, grinning wistfully. “We were sorta just friends by that point, and she was gonna go to college. Ben came from that next chapter of her life.”
Toddlers and poultry: the perfect antidote to inconveniently timed feelings.
“I’m glad,” Dean murmured, squeezing Cas’s waist as though their dance was just a swaying hug. “And, thanks, Cas,” he added, all teasing suddenly lost from his voice. “I—just—thanks.”
So, as you know, the world I grew up in was very small. I really only knew a handful of people, despite attending public schools, and never really had occasion to travel outside my community or otherwise explore the world at large. I feel like my experiences are so painfully limited, Archangel, and if I’m to write about what I know, that can be very restrictive.
Just as in December, I enjoyed the crew at the Roadhouse immensely. They were much the same as before, fun and loving and covering it all up with a thin veil of surly sarcasm. There was a new air of proud excitement, of course, over Jo’s impending college search— new possibilities stirring in the air, but without the high school senior’s usual undertone of panic. She’s got a good amount of time before next year’s application deadlines, and she’s looking at this whole ordeal as a possibility rather than a necessity. It’s quite a smart way of thinking, in my opinion, and while my time working as her tutor has solidified my confidence that she will be accepted to a good school in the end, I still think this more relaxed attitude will serve her well.
to write you back. But I was in too deep on staying anonymous and not responding by that point, and I really do suck at writing letters. But then… you had assumed that Archangel had a secretary, so I… invented one.”
“You didn’t even hear what I –“
“‘Course it does, Cas,” he disagreed, a self-deprecating gleam in his eye. “I’d had an embarrassing crush on you for, like, three years, and I was jealous as fuck.”
“Don’t worry,” Mary warned, though the stiffness had largely been released from her shoulders. “I’m preparing the inquisition as we speak.” She hugged him again, then, and Cas could see Dean was soon to be forgiven.
Anyway. Throughout the break I could feel all this boiling below the surface layers of my skin, vibrating confusedly no matter how much I tried to ignore it. And then, a few days into my stay, Dean arrived and threw my heart for yet another loop.
“Aaron?” Castiel guesses, Ben’s reaction to the delivery man suddenly coming into a new kind of focus.
Castiel was determined to enjoy this weekend despite the problem of Dean, at least for Sam’s sake. Despite the fact that he had barely heard a word from his once-best-friend in the last several years. Despite the fact that he couldn’t see any place for himself in Dean’s world of oncoming domestic bliss, even in this age of connecting technologies. Cas didn’t want to be a mess this weekend, no matter how much he missed Dean in his life. He wanted to enjoy himself.
Mary sighed. “Not ‘til Saturday night when you head off to the Bridal Suite. We have you three, Charlie & Jo, Ellen & Bobby, plus your dad & me. We’re at capacity with Ash on the couch and Garth in the basement.”
“But there’s so much to do!” Sam’s affront was adorable, though the hint of panic in his eyes was a bit disconcerting.
So. That’s the final project. I’m mostly focusing on working with Jo during break, as I said before, but I will be letting this simmer in the back of my mind this week. I might have an idea already forming of a place to start— something that involves taking a piece I’ve worked on before and transforming it, even combining it with other idea scraps… But it is VERY early yet. I’ll keep you updated, Archangel, never you fear.
Even before I came here, we had a mutual friend in common.
“Since I have you here, finally,” Castiel continued, aiming for a tone both sincere and slightly coy. “I could use your advice.”
Half of him expects to open the door and see Dean on the lawn. He does not. Dean probably has significantly better things to be doing right now. Hell, he’s probably at work, given that it’s noon on a weekday. Right? Probably a weekday. Who even knows any more.
For several minutes, Cas simply stared at the closed door where Dean had disappeared. He didn’t know how to feel. It had been so much easier to stay resolved in his betrayal and resentment when he was able to imagine the man’s radio silence might be deliberately malicious. In the nearly four years that had transpired, as Dean had fallen deeper out of contact, Cas’s imagination had been split between two potential explanations.
I understood this, objectively, from the moment I received Ellen’s invitation. But I don’t think anything could have prepared me for the reality of it. Every single member of the Roadhouse family welcomed me back with honest, sincere appreciation. Every one of them— including Ash, who rarely seems to exist fully on this plane of reality— specifically told me at some point in those first two days that they were glad I was back among them. They remembered things about my life and were actively interested in the progress of those things. They wanted to know about my work and my plans, and when I confessed to being published, Jo immediately found my story online so she and Ash could perform a dramatic reading of it for the entire bar. (That part started out rather embarrassing, but Ash’s delivery of Gabriel’s more questionable commentary was so inspired that I forgot my nerves in tears of laughter.) They so wholly and unblinkingly pulled me back into their world, and it left me, frankly, stunned.
“Two, yeah.”
And I simply cannot accept it, Archangel.
After about an hour out in the sunshine, he makes it back to the block where he now (again) lives. Having crossed the street to make space for a frazzled looking young woman walking a Golden Doodle puppy, he’s about to cross back into his own driveway when he hears a low voice calling out.
Annoyed, I brought this saga up in the next group session with Crowley, and he opened it into a group discussion. Everyone began offering suggestions of potential offshoots of the idea, and I walked out of class at the end a bit dazed, my mind abuzz with possibilities.
And please, for heaven’s sake, burn that last letter. I cannot bear to think of you rereading the ramblings of my sickest, loneliest, cruelest moment and thinking these are my true feelings for you. I assure you, Archangel, that is not the case. And I intend to work as hard as I can to prove my gratitude to you in all future writings.
Without missing a beat, Jess responded, “Oh, we don’t do traditional gender roles in this family.”
We’re all looking at our work though this sort of lens at the moment: what is there, what is not, and what could happen if we tried something utterly terrifying? It’s heavy stuff, honestly. At least right now, while it’s happening. A bit like breaking down an okay-looking building to build the home of your dreams, I suppose— you have to be willing to give up on “fine” to create even the foundation of “wonderful”, and with something as personal as one’s art on the line, it can be a paralyzing prospect. But it’s what our professors have all done, and the fruits of that work, of truly knowing themselves, shine through clearly in their bodies of work. I’m ready to take that leap, newly freed to the world as I am, and I hope you will be proud of the results, whatever they might be. You have, after all, made them possible.
“It’s for the phone. I told you— “
Sam protested immediately, earnest as ever. “No, you don’t have to—“
“One does not, no,” Dean agrees, immensely amused. “But, then, one doesn’t expect to see a lot of things around here that turn out to be very true.”
Castiel closes the storm door again once his hands are free of baking supplies. Ever the scintillating conversationalist, he replies, “no problem.”
“I bet,” Dean sympathizes.
“You can’t go in the house?” And the bafflement is back, mostly because Cas has, yet again, been caught off guard.
, Dean.”
It hit Cas, again, how significantly Dean’s life had changed in these last months, without any of the extended family knowing. He had left the last 6 or so years of his life utterly behind when he drove up here, and he had no intention of going back. It seemed unthinkable to simply pick up and go, like Dean had done, to start completely over from scratch. The mere idea of it terrified Cas on Dean’s behalf, whatever assurances the man had given. But, then, Cas had made his life in Michigan without a partner. It was entirely his own, chosen from his own heart with only logistics to consider. It had been different for Dean, and perhaps this difference was too substantial for Cas to grasp without his own form of experience.
Making that final turn himself, Cas thought he might understand what Ellen meant. He was still apprehensive about seeing Dean, sure, but the drama inherent in his panic began to seem childish in this dappled light, leaving only a more distant anxiety behind. This huge house in the middle of nowhere was, in so many ways, his home, and nothing petty or self-destructive could destroy that truth.
I suppose you’ll be curious how things are going with your extravagant Christmas gift? If that’s what you’re silently asking me from afar, then I will have to answer, “quite well, thank you”.
And on that supremely inadequate final note, he rolls onto his side to let the tears soothe his worry to sleep.
As of the posting of this letter, I have officially completed the post-graduate creative writing program at The Garden. I received my certificate of completion at the commencement ceremony yesterday, and will depart from the Shurley Estate for the final time this afternoon.
The reception was in full swing by the time the wedding party made their way back down to the barn. Aaron, the DJ, marked their arrival by blaring Queen’s “You’re My Best Friend” over his impressive speakers so the guests could turn their spots in the buffet line to applaud them all.
(Heavens, I’m turning into an Austen novel knockoff again. Let’s put a stop to that before you run screaming in horror, eh?)
“Yeah, she was bummed. But her grandma’s pretty sick, and she really needed to be there with the family, just in case things take a turn for the worse, you know? Better to be safe.”
In the meantime, the more creative side of my career has seen some developments as well. My story in McSweeny’s received a very positive reception, and my contact there has asked me to keep in touch when new stories are ready. Plus, one of the print publishers I submitted to earlier in the year has been in touch about working with me. Ms. Blake, my contact at the publisher’s office, has one of my stories in mind for a short story anthology she’s working on, and has expressed an interest in a compilation of my own short stories somewhere down the line, as well. In light of this news, Pam has helped me get set up with an agent by the name of Missouri Mosley, who is exactly the blend of generous and formidable that I want on my side in this business. We have only met by phone and Skype thus far, given how far Up North I am at present, but I can see exactly why Pam trusts her so completely. It’s all a bit of a whirlwind, honestly, but I feel much safer in this storm with Miss Mosley as my anchor.
Okay, perhaps I’m exaggerating slightly in the glow of this gorgeous sunrise. My classmates and I didn’t solve world hunger or cure Cancer last night. But it felt so very important, nonetheless. At least to me. You understand: I have never had a true community of my own before. Not in this sense, at least, where we are all equal, if varied, and can share and comfort without fear of retribution. My siblings were my charges, and my few early friends were necessarily distant after class hours, so a night of earnest, soul-baring connection would never have been in the cards. It was vastly out of the realm of possibility for me.
Perhaps these flowers, a perfect complement to the others you’ve sent me this year, were what began to melt the frost that had coalesced on my heart on Sunday afternoon. Or, perhaps the emotional warming was a byproduct of the distance I gained from the Estate. But whatever the reason, by the time I looked on my new home for the first time, Sunday evening’s pain had begun to subside.
“Aw, man, that would be so damn cool.”
“I have an idea for you,” Cas confessed, taking advantage of their position to speak his suggestion right into Dean’s ear. And conveniently eliminating the need for eye contact at the same time.
Dean seemed a bit startled, but nodded. “Of course. He was great. We were glad to have him.”
But at the same time, Cas was nearly overwhelmed by the need to soothe and comfort his oldest friend. He looked so earnest waiting for Cas’s response, slightly tense as though bracing for rejection, and suddenly Cas’s pettier feelings didn’t stand a chance. He tilted his head.
Perhaps my experience here is not as unique as it feels at present – I am certain I cannot be the only young adult to abruptly realize that a feeling of being deeply important to someone was entirely manufactured within the bounds of my own heart. I suppose I should be grateful that my own discovery comes with minimal embarrassment. Sounding silly and naïve in a few letters is nothing to the realities of divorces, abuses, and other broken hearts. But finding myself utterly frozen in this way has proved plenty dispiriting. I feel chastised, both for jumping to ridiculous conclusions and for taking my actual blessings for granted in my frozen grief.
Now, he didn’t even hesitate before crossing around to the far bed.
On the second floor, we have two brilliantly contrasting personalities in the misses Becky Rosen and Krissy Chambers. Becky occasionally makes Garth’s enthusiasm bow down in supplication (which is impressive—he brought a sock puppet to our orientation luncheon). She, somewhat unsurprisingly, professes to write only romances. Professor Crowley actually face-palmed at that statement, but they must be excellent romances to have landed her in this program. Krissy, on the other hand, is more kindred to myself, if much younger. Apparently, she fast tracked through school as fast as Kevin (meaning she graduated high school at 16), and her dry wit is music to my ears.
“I—” Dean looked baffled now, but Castiel’s insistence seemed to have stopped his argument for the moment. “Okay.”
in my last-year-life.
The story spirals out from there— the siblings end up taking the odd young man under their collective wing, since he is also hunting supernatural evils but has very little experience with such things. Soon enough he is one of them, and as things escalate it becomes clear that our orphan isn’t so much the “ordinary dude” his new friends assumed, and that his bond with the elder brother is far more complex than any of them anticipated.
Archangel, I only hope this entry makes some modicum of sense. I expect the depth to which I feel as though I know you is truly laughable from your perspective, but I could not bring myself to sleep without first putting this tale down for your consumption. I want you to know just how deeply you have touched me by giving me the opportunity to come here. It isn’t just about the schooling, this education. It is something spectacular and wondrous, and I hope you can appreciate my awe as I see what a bond can bring forth. You are the closest thing I feel I have to a family, as my foster siblings move on with their lives and I embrace the finality of my cut ties with Naomi. You are the only person pulling for me outside this estate who I imagine can appreciate the wonder of my experience here. I do not know if you, personally, write or if you simply enjoy reading enough to fund an author-focused scholarship, but either way, I send you this experience because I feel, deep in my heart, that you are a kindred spirit. I hope you will not be offended by my presumption in this case. Having you there, even muted at the other end of this correspondence, brings me more joy than I ever expected.
Castiel, walking (now rather slowly) down the street, is very confused.
Sincerely,
“I—” Dean stared at him for a moment, measuring. Based on whatever he found there in Castiel’s eyes, he took a breath and carefully said, “I think you brought up an excellent point about the…dangers. I’d bet he’s just as terrified of losing the friendship as you are.” In a flash, his gaze intensified. “But I’m pretty sure he’ll forgive your worry about not telling him everything yet. You’re entitled to your secrets.”
“Oh, um,” Dean was rubbing his neck again. He looked almost shy. “They can mean ‘desire for feelings to be returned’, I guess? But also, they’re kind of cheery and yellow- seemed like a friendly thing to have around. I just liked them.”
Until next month, my dear pen friend, Adieu.
“It’s far preferable to ‘not at all’.”
“Uh…yeah,” she replied, her head tilting a bit like it wanted to shake the confusion away but was stopped mid-twitch. “Hi,” she finally said, eyes still plate sized. “Hi there. Hi Castiel.”
What the actual fuck?
a glowing beacon just East of extravagant celebrations,
Of course, there’s also the way that everyone is in a good mood even though Lisa seems to be on a date with the man next door. Dean alternately calls her by her first name or “your mother” depending on whether he’s speaking to Cas or Ben, but neither is pronounced with any sort of animosity or hurt. Castiel doesn’t have the bandwidth to contemplate that part of the situation while also being a good guest and seeming like a functioning human, so he just files his bafflement away for future study.
“Okay,” Cas conceded, unable to argue with that logic. “That’s fair.”
not-sexy things. But just, like, reading the internet near each other? Half watching the news while playing Angry Birds? Driving up to the Roadhouse with the windows down and his hand on my knee? It’s bliss, honest to goodness.
Mary forestalled the rest of Dean’s sentence with a raised finger, closing her eyes in forced calm. “I’m sorry. What do you mean, ‘it’s been long enough’? When did this happen?”
“Ahh,” Castiel acknowledges. “And Lisa is hanging out next door?”
But this?
“I know.”
“As a boyfriend, if you’ll have me.”
That said, I’ve written something I’m quite pleased with, and as I work on polishing it up for submission to Jody, I can already tell this story will have a life far beyond the Garden’s boundaries.
January 29 –
As the instrumental break began to draw to a close, Dean leaned into his ear and proved Cas’s Nirvana theory insufficient. “Have I ever told you that I love you?”
Lost in the twists of this conversation, Cas rolled onto his side to fully face Dean. “For what?”
Given these truths about the clientele, there are also two regular customers who round out the Roadhouse Family. Bobby Singer and Rufus Turner can be seen at the bar just about any night of the week, wandering in for dinner there once they’ve closed up their junk yard/repair shop for the night. Both surly men in their fifties, (or thereabouts—I prefer not to assume too closely) they seem to delight in little more than trading sarcastic barbs with each other, ranting about whatever sport happens to be playing on the TV over the bar, and enjoying Ellen’s food at the end of a long day. They are delightful- charmingly without artifice, and yet never actually rude or hurtful. And on quiet nights, they’ve taken to teaching me about basic car maintenance and engine repair, which I find very generous. Bobby might call me an “idjit” rather more than the average professor would dare, but it is uttered, always, like a term of endearment—not a rebuke, but an invitation to learn. He has very sweetly (again, never tell him I called him “sweet”) offered to help me fix up one of his “junker” cars for my own personal use, and I’m very much hoping to take him up on that offer. It would be immensely useful to have my own vehicle once my program at The Garden ends, and the idea of recycling a discarded, unwanted machine for this purpose is one I find immensely appealing. Poetic? Perhaps. But also, highly practical.
Somehow, what Dean focused on from that statement was, “You thought I was bald?”
Those are the highlights for the moment, Archangel! Our “Spring” Break is coming up—always an entertaining misnomer in the Michigan education system given the inevitable snowfall during the week in question. Bela has invited us to join her at some sort of ski chalet her family seems to have rented for the month. She calls it a “cabin”. But, knowing her family, I have to imagine it holds about as much resemblance to Abraham Lincoln’s childhood home as the Taj Mahal. However luxurious it might be, I have no intention of declining the offer. Though, if she attempts to get me on a ski hill, (I’m told the Michigan offerings are distinctly “hills” rather than “mountains”) I might regret my decision to accompany her. I don’t care how “dinky and harmless” these ski hills supposedly are—coordination is not my best virtue even on solid, flat, ice-free ground. Pray for my poor fragile body, Archangel.
When Castiel has officially been inside the house for more than two weeks from the day he arrived, he decides to celebrate by not being inside any more. He’s not comfortable actually going anywhere, but being in suburbia rather than the city, he can just walk around now without seeing many people, right? Sounds right. And he needs some real fresh air, anyway.
Then he kisses Cas full on the mouth.
Ghost Dragon.
If Cas hadn’t been so determined to make it to the lake house without dying in a fiery crash, he would have banged his head on the steering wheel. His car stereo was definitely mocking him.
So Dean goes up to his apartment, and Castiel sits there, out in the beautiful air. And this night probably can’t end the way he wants it to – it definitely shouldn’t, given the state of the world and the dangers of forgetting about safety. But perhaps they will quarantine, with a goal in mind and a time frame to stick to. Perhaps they will become some kind of pod or even move in together. Who knows.
Mary, also looking a bit troubled, explained. “Lisa’s not going to make it, sadly. There’s been some kind of family emergency, and she needs to be there with her parents.”
every smile a prayer
Castiel blinked back online. “Charlie?”
With an unconvinced glance, Dean pulled out the rest of the contents of the envelope, and his whole demeanor changed in an instant. “Is— is this the novel?!”
camping in a space to make it a haven,
“Alright, fine,” she relented, somewhat grudgingly. “Your reasoning there is understood. And your remorse is both noted and appreciated.”
Mystified, Castiel slowly begins to realize he should probably respond. “I…yes. Hello.”
Castiel had finally decided to go for a walk a bit before dusk, and he’s approaching home on his side of the street when he notices movement at the Braedens’ again. Lisa is coming down the front walk with a small duffle in one hand, and a bottle of wine in the other. She looks real sharp, like maybe she dressed up a bit, and as she turns on to the sidewalk Cas can hear her call, “Have fun, you two,” back toward the house.
“Dean Michael Winchester, what do you mean ‘February’?” Mary’s ability to whisper a scream was quite impressive, Cas mused wildly. He prepared to intervene again, but Dean cut in quickly. He sounded a little angry himself, this time.
Cas nodded, wondering if he could trust the sincerity in Dean’s tone. “Still. I’m sorry you’ve had to go through it on your own.”
Castiel Novak
“You’re more than welcome, Dean,” he whispered back, letting Dean draw him in closer, bringing the discussion to an unexpectedly serious close.
“Not at all. I got an early start,” Cas assured him. Then he turned to his bags. “Oh, and I have something for you…”
“That’s comforting,” Dean said. “I think.”
Dean was clearly poised to argue, never one to let himself be complimented. “Cas— “
Talk about emotional whiplash. What the fuck had just happened? He couldn’t deal with it—not here, not now. He needed a distraction. So, he did what any adult man would do faced with a crisis of the heart: he marched across the dance floor, liberated little Addie from her mother’s arms, and began to teach the child how to do the Chicken Dance.
Giddy, Castiel crossed the street toward the house. The front lawn was a small almost semi-circular patch, arcing toward the sidewalk to make room for an extra sweep of front garden. Little baskets of purple flowers hung between the slim columns of the front porch, and as he approached he discovered a very comfortable looking trio of patio chairs there in the shade.
“I really am sorry, Mom,” Dean offered, contrite. “I just didn’t want to make this weekend about me.”
I do promise that I have been using my time off wisely, as well. In addition to the nuggets of idea and character sparks that come with exciting new acquaintances, I have been acquiring all kinds of new knowledge purely by helping in the bar. It’s amazing what even a short time working at a new vocation can teach, what possibilities such lessons can open up. I’m drowning in idea-scraps in the best possible way, and the bits of work I’ve done during the mornings, when the bar is quiet, have been immensely satisfying. I imagine my professors will be just as happy you found this place for me to spend the holidays as I am.
The kidnapper, my hall-mate Meg Masters, has yet to apologize to any of us for this crime. Though, she did feed us quite well, which I suppose can be taken into consideration as we contemplate her sentence.
“There’s no real rush,” Castiel interjects, finally finding a full sentence to contribute to this exchange. “It’s Gabe’s, and he won’t be using it any time soon.”
August 15, 2018
Beyond that, I’ve set up email on the phone and exchanged some electronic correspondences with Hannah, and even Dean, though I’ll admit that email isn’t really my most comfortable medium, generally speaking. Like texting, it seems to exist in the void between my best modes of communication: it’s not quite as fast and fluid as real conversation, but not quite slow enough for deliberate, considered writing.
Stopping in his walk to the door, Dean levelled Cas with a sarcastic look. “You really think I'd try to get you up without it?”
Cas watched him for a while. He seemed relaxed, but—well, it never hurt to check in. “How are you doing?”
And, fuck. Dean was forcing a laugh, drawing away like he had been slapped. Like he had been rejected. “Yeah,” he said, sounding strained.
“Hey,” Dean barks at the kid.
Dr. Jody Mills, the visitor in question who has just spent the week here at Chuck’s Estate, is, I can happily report, a true delight. She lives downstate with her wife and daughter, and is a no-nonsense woman with the pixie cut of a rock star and the dry wit of a modern-day Wilde character. By the end of her first evening in our midst, my feelings about the elusive final project had shifted from vague apprehension to palpable excitement. It’s amazing what an affinity between two personalities can do for one’s view of the world, Archangel. I won’t know the parameters of my project for several months, but given this last week, I am certain that it will both stimulate something wonderful in my writing and prove immensely fun to work on. That is the kind of certainty Jody Mills inspires.
“All I’m saying,” Dean continued, “is you earned everything you got out of the scholarship, Cas. It came because of your writing, not my feelings. And your writing got you published with that hilarious piece in McSweeny’s, and it impressed all your professors at the Garden, and it got you that agent. Archangel didn’t do any of that. You did. That’s— that’s why I offered to keep up the sponsorship this year, too. ‘Cause I couldn’t stand the idea of you working a bunch of shitty jobs and being too tired to do anything else. I did that in high school, and it was hell. You deserve better, and I’m really glad you found it with Jody.”
And then, of course, there was Jess. The bride. Castiel adored her—had done since Sam first started casually mentioning her in conversation. Although, in the interest of full disclosure, Castiel would have probably been thrilled to hear about any girl that was treating Sam well at that particular moment. The kid had been through the wringer, escaping Stanford early in his sophomore year and moving home for a year of recalibration and addiction recovery. Kansas State proved a better emotional fit for Sam from the jump, but when Cas first saw the way his eyes lit up over a description of Jess’s thoughts on the dangers of toxic masculinity, it felt like a cloud was parting to show the joy Sam had possessed in high school. Some of the guilt and shame seemed to melt away, at least for a bit, and to Cas that felt like an unbelievable start. Jess could have had the personality of a cardboard cutout, and Cas would still have been glad to meet her in those early days. She knew Sam’s story and treated him well, and it was clearly helping Sam re-center himself. Cas was over the moon.
Now, I hesitate to even mention this here. Realistically, you are meant to be my benefactor and nothing more. But, to be honest, there is no one else I would wish to have there to see me complete this program, Archangel. You have made this possible. You have put up with my ridiculous musings all year without complaint, you have forgiven my repeated impertinence and frivolity, and thanks to your generosity I am not only about to finish a graduate-level program in a field I have always dreamed of braving, I am doing so with an agent, a job offer, a potential publishing contract, and a fresh network of new friends and colleagues to whom I can always turn. I will never be able to thank you enough for these exceptional gifts, and my only wish is that I might offer my humble thanks to you in person, just this once.
Castiel spends the two days after the lawn mower incident studiously avoiding the front of the house entirely. This is not overly difficult, given that he spends most of his time in his childhood bedroom, which is in the back of his half of the house. But when he does need to venture into the kitchen – the one space he and Gabriel are forced to alternate using – it’s possible Castiel makes an excessively dramatic dash from the stairs to the kitchen doorway in order to lessen the chances of being spotted from across the street.
“Yikes,” Dean ejected, looking utterly unapologetic.
Touched, but focusing on the matter at hand, Castiel replied with all the gentleness he could muster through his compounding adrenaline. “Well? Are you going to answer?”
We have reached the final weeks of our tenure here at The Garden, and as you can imagine that means a wide variety of things all happening at once. The final projects are coming to the end of this phase of their lives, final words of wisdom are falling from the lips of our educators like summer rain, and the future looms in the distance, closer every moment. It’s all a bit daunting, but no less exciting for the uncertainty, in my opinion.
And, of course, thank you.
“We don’t have any rooms left here?” Sam asked, waving his manuscript to indicate the house around them.
Archangel, I’m very excited. Jody wants me to jump headlong off a cliff into the unknown, and with The Garden’s crew as my safety net, I’m determined to give it my all.
“Hm?” came the response. Dean was still unloading his suitcase into the drawer, but he looked up for a moment. His expression was cleared but overly bright, with his eyebrows too raised and his smile too tight. The false cheer didn’t fool Cas for a second.
So, Chuck (as he prefers to be called) finished his first series, and invited some old school friends up to the estate for a writing workshop that snowballed into the intensive 1-year graduate level program we have today. Two of those friends from the original workshop, Professors Fergus Crowley and Cain Mullen, now work here full time, and Professor Pamela Barnes just signed on a few years ago. She’s quite fiery, and I must say it is highly entertaining to watch her direct her own mix of teasing, sass, and badass-ery at the male instructors across the dinner table.
Castiel was usually pretty quick with comprehension, but something about this statement in this moment in this sunny living room simply would not compute. “Your… what?”
Dean complied, balancing a plate of cupcakes as he emerged onto the balcony to take a seat next to Cas. “You know, this song bugged me the first few times I heard it? I couldn’t figure out if he was singing about the state or about a woman named Georgia. But at some point, I decided it doesn’t really matter, you know? A person—people can be home just as easy as a place. And, I don’t know, maybe sometimes it’s both at once?”
Still a bit dazed, I wandered up to my room as usual after class, only to find it there on my bed side table, scrawled on a fuchsia Post-It.
Bela, it seems, is planning what she calls a “Friendsgiving” the weekend before the actual holiday. I’m led to believe this will involve her driving Meg and I to Traverse City on Saturday for dinner in some sort of cozy restaurant and a night in a Bed and Breakfast. I’m quite looking forward to it, actually. I’m assured it will be like a traditional slumber party, though I can’t say I’m overly familiar with how that might work. It should be quite fascinating, if vaguely indulgent.
The thing is, Dean didn’t do anything harmful to Castiel. It’s not like they got reintroduced and Dean neglected to remember him, and he certainly didn’t administer a swirly or any other sort of 90s-movie bully activity. No one else in the world was aware that Castiel had any sort of feeling toward Dean Winchester, good or ill. No one knows now, either. Because high school was a different world entirely from this pandemic hellscape, and most human beings are not still thinking about ancient crushes 12 years later.
Dearest Archangel,
Perhaps Castiel had entered The Twilight Zone. That was certainly possible, wasn’t it? “So, Celeste is
Perhaps his perspective had been a bit skewed, spending a year on Chuck’s Estate, but he had expected this place to be at least slightly…grandiose. Weren’t people with money to spare supposed to spend it on property and extravagances? This was no slum, mind you, but 525 South 1
See, isn’t that a much better opening?
We did not sleep at all (as you can probably tell from my decadent metaphors). We laid aside most of our usual teasing and sarcasm in favor of naked fascination and an open forum. Krissy and I shared with the group at large our experiences, and some shared with us by our various temporary siblings, catching them up on the highs and lows of life as a foster. They, in turn, began to open up about themselves (and I hope I can count on your discretion as I weave this narrative).
The atmosphere back at the house was giddy as Patience and Kaia shuffled them all through a variety of groupings and poses. They were relaxed, but professional, Kaia’s dry humor keeping her charges from spiraling into annoyance while Patience’s kind words drew more sincere expressions of joy than Cas would have expected in such a still, static session. They captured action shots of Sam and Jess signing their marriage certificate, along with a number of images of the wedding party on the nearby beach in varying states of decorum and hilarity. At Charlie’s suggestion, they even set up a highly entertaining series of images with the Winchester-Singer-Harvelle-Novak clan and their various adopted members posing on the wide front porch like the sort of melodramatic Victorian family portrait you might see on the set of a horror film, all straight faces and haughty expressions. They welcomed the Moores up for some of these last silly photos as well, and the whole thing devolved into giggles pretty quickly. Cas couldn’t wait to see them developed in black and white. He was certain any one of them would look spectacular framed above the lake house mantel, a perfect testament to the love and humor that had radiated through this property since the first time they all arrived.
As soon as he popped open the trunk, Cas understood exactly why Dean had needed his help with this task. The trunk was packed completely full, with two large suitcases and a number of duffels stuffed in around the guitar case. As he liberated the instrument and headed back toward the group, Cas’s mind whirled. That very well might have been everything Dean owned packed into the trunk of his car. Or, at least everything he had brought with him when he moved away from home after college, minus furniture. It made sense that he wasn’t living with Lisa any more, given that they were no longer together, but this made it look like perhaps he didn’t intend to return to Florida at all after the wedding. No wonder he hadn’t wanted Jo near the car.
Castiel watches for longer than he would like to admit, but none of them emerge.
Mary squinted at him in suspicion, but apparently had no comment beyond a skeptical hum.
Dean looked at him with an apologetic grimace. “I bet. Is that why you guys broke up?”
I won’t go into the details here, Archangel—they’re more useful as ephemeral concepts in the air around my writing desk than as indicators of my academic progress. But I can assure you that even the beginnings of this process are proving valuable points in my education.
The guests began to leave once the cake had been thoroughly consumed. Thanks to Ash’s brilliant engineering of the parking situation earlier in the day, groups were able to head home at their own pace without car-related drama. Cas found himself being hugged goodbye by a variety of people he barely knew as the night progressed: Professor Moseley, Jody, Donna, Rick, Jan, Laurie, even Garth (though, he was staying the night in the basement, so that was less a “goodbye” hug than a “Garth being Garth” hug). And soon enough it was Sam and Jess being embraced all around as they took off for town, where they would be spending their wedding night in the hotel’s bridal suite.
Cas considered him. “You think you’ll just stay?”
That’s most of the relevant news, for the moment. We have a two-week break in June to mark the start of the final semester— I truly can’t believe it’s already nearly 2/3 over. At first, I was considering accepting an offer to head downstate with Meg to visit Balthazar, but now I’m rethinking. Ellen has offered me the room at the Roadhouse again, and I think that might be the better choice. Apparently, Jo is considering making a try for college next year and could use a bit of help preparing for the SATs. I get the distinct impression that their financial situation has recently seen an improvement (very possibly due to something involving Dean and the end of the Roadhouse’s mortgage, though that’s only an impression) which would allow Ellen leeway to hire someone in Jo’s stead should she leave for college. I’d love to help in that endeavor, and it could serve as a dry run for my potential as a tutor, a test in a safe environment, among people who actively call me “friend”. I think this is the smarter choice for my break. And while I would enjoy relaxing with Meg and Bal, I do very much enjoy the company of the crew at the Roadhouse, as well. I might as well go where I can work, test my theory, and be among good people all at once, don’t you think, Archangel?
“Look,” Dean said, focus intense, but unaggressive. “I’m not gonna assume anything about how you feel these days, because no one in this house is the same person they were that summer when you came out. But I need you to know that no one has ever made me feel so completely…myself as you have from day one. And that, as far as I can tell, is more than anyone could ever want.”
He doesn’t have long to stew in his bewilderment, however, before Dean spots him.
“We’ve got this, Sam. You just relax, and enjoy today.”
When you slink back to your hometown, a grown man with a sudden and embarrassing amount of free time and no particular trajectory to speak of, sometimes there’s just that one person you absolutely do not want to run in to. That person you so vehemently don’t want to come across that you become a praying man in the hours of open road laid out between your old life and this new prospect of haunting your childhood home. That person who you are suddenly hoping moved far, far away, or evaporated off the face of the earth entirely, just so you don’t have to figure out how to face them in your current state.
She headed off across the room toward the catering refrigerators, looking much more relaxed than she had on her approach. Cas took Dean’s hand to lead him out to the floor, noticing with trepidation that Ellen was giving him a look. The kind that deserved to be pronounced with a capital “L”. The kind she had given him the day before upon catching him ogling Dean on a ladder. But, he thought, a more encouraging version of that particular Look. That could be a problem—Ellen was too sharp for Cas’s own good. But he’d deal with that later. Right now, he was standing with Dean in the middle of a crowd of couples while Led Zeppelin’s “Rain Song” turned the mood slow and tender, and he internally cursed himself for this gross miscalculation.
Yes. I have convinced myself. I shall write back to Ellen as soon as this letter is posted.
Cas took a deep breath, aiming for as much positivity as his cynical mind could muster, and settled. He began to sing along.
Cas snapped his eyes shut as he heard Dean pad back toward their room. He could feel decisions shifting inside himself, and he needed to think before he faced more conversation. With the door softly closed and the lights extinguished, Cas thought he heard Dean pause before getting into bed. Was he watching Cas feign sleep, wondering if he should say goodnight again? After nearly a minute of Cas feeling guilty while trying to keep his breathing convincingly steady, Dean crawled into his bed and settled into stillness. Cas’s muscles uncoiled. He was being ridiculous. Dean had probably just been checking his phone. Cas was the one with the unrequited crush and the penchant for staring.
(Ah, and I should probably specify, in case you are unaware, that all the instructors here have insisted we eliminate honorifics and formalities when referring to or about them. I promise my uses of single names is not intended with disrespect; it is an act of obedience.)
On its face, it was a beautiful night— a beautiful week, really. Romantic uncertainties aside, it felt so good to be trusted in this way, Archangel, to be relied upon for advice, to have my opinions desired and welcomed. But with each confession from Dean my guilt also compounded. He has now shared things with me that no other soul knows, as far as I can tell, and yet here I sit still lying to him. As far as he knows, I grew up with an aunt— I have painted an unadjusted picture of Naomi for him, but still I have claimed her as my own in a way she would no doubt despise. And you, Archangel— with you I have done the same. You who I have dubbed my Distant Uncle of Means, kind enough to fund my studies unseen. Despite the open and vulnerable state Dean has allowed me to witness, still I cannot stand to show him my deepest shame. How can I? This brilliant, tender, strong man has deigned to take me into his confidence— how can I tell him how unworthy I am of such welcome? How utterly alone I am in this world? How little I have to offer him even as a friend, let alone anything more intimate?
The moment seemed to crystalize, all four of them frozen and silent, until Dean finally cleared his throat. “Uh… Hey, Mom.”
Good heavens, I’m rambling about Dean again, and that is NOT why you requested these letters. I will leave you with this last note on the topic: we had an excellent week off, and I feel rich in friends as I return, rested and rejuvenated, to classes.
My Mom, back in the day, used to tell Sammy and me that angels were watching over us. It was a nice lie to play on repeat back when our lives were just painted white lines and nasty motel curtains, but I didn’t really believe in angels after the fire. Shame, too, ‘cause – celestial beings aside— Mom knew what she was talking about. Somehow, some way, she knew that after all the bullshit that came of my life after she left us, an angel would find me and pull me out. He might not like me calling him an angel…he was raised on the avenging kind who judge arbitrarily and blindly police the world. That’s not how I see it. My angel is just a man, fallible as the rest of us, but forged in lonely fire and soft to the core. He listens like every prayer is equal and worthy of care, and his pen is the blade that builds worlds and then comes back to save them. He is the guardian of my heart— he’s had it longer than he knows— and nothing could ever make me happier than that truth.
We did manage to discuss things of the less intense variety, as well. Behind that impish smirk Dean is unexpectedly modest, but I was able to wheedle out of him enough about his education to learn just how much English and Comparative Literature he managed to fit in around his Mechanical Engineering degree, and we spent a good long while discussing favorite Vonnegut concepts and the relative merits of different dystopian Sci-Fi visions. He talked so openly about queerness during that particular discussion that I began to reconsider my assumption of his heterosexuality, to be frank. But that might be wishful thinking on my part. He is clearly a fierce ally and friend to Charlie, who first announced herself on arrival as “Charlie Bradbury, certified lesbian and Queen of Moons” (while doing the Vulcan Salute, of course). It’s entirely possible that his queer-positive vocabulary is simply a byproduct of Charlie’s gregarious influence and his own deep empathetic streak. But, either way, it relaxed that tiny part of myself that sees broad shoulders clad in flannel and immediately braces for impact. If and when I do come out to Dean, I’m fairly certain I’ll be met with acceptance, if not active encouragement.
Wishing you (both, now that I know of Ms. Middleton’s presence) a lovely and happy holiday!
Who sends a STRANGER (or, a relative stranger, at least) a brand-new smartphone for Christmas?
At the sound of footsteps, Castiel tore his eyes away from a photo of two young boys, trying his best to look like he hadn’t been snooping.
Your benefactor looks forward to hearing from you soon.
Dean looked so baffled it was almost funny. But there was hope finally stirring in his eye, and it warmed Castiel to see it. “Still? Even…now”
April 19, 2018
I, who want so desperately to have someone with whom I might share my life, but have only an address and a lie with which to correspond. Or, rather, at whom to write.
Sam turned to Ellen, suddenly uncertain. “Does my door have a lock on it?”
Down on the bottom floor of the individual student rooms in the North Wing (I was not exaggerating: this place is enormous) we have Garth and Kevin. If this were a late-1990s teen comedy, they would be introduced as “the nerds”. (Though let’s face it: everyone living at the Garden right now is a massive nerd of some flavor or another.) Garth is of the unapologetically perky variety, and Kevin, so far, appears to just be wound tighter than a rubber band ball. Let’s hope we can help him untangle a bit this year.
“If we’re being technical, I believe the actual subject was how I spent most of high school simultaneously wanting to date you and be you.”
It sounds like these workshop-type sessions are going to be more the norm throughout the rest of the program, so I’ll be sure to keep you posted on the progress of things. We did learn a bit more about our elusive “final project” this week, as well. Before the break Chuck was adamant that we put it out of our minds for the time being.
Cas rolled over onto his back, his own mischievous grin creeping into place. “Is your mother aware that her son's wedding day might begin with him murdering the best man?”
What else? Well, Garth’s mother has been sending some increasingly elaborate gift baskets, and he has been quite happy to share with the rest of us. The last one was quite impressive, I must say. (Though not nearly as impressive as my irises, I assure you!) But, well, it’s hard to top a box that quite literally explodes in a shower of candy upon opening. Though, I imagine Garth and Kevin won’t enjoy having glitter coating their possessions for the rest of time.
Ghost Dragon.
Dean seemed to relax a fraction at Cas’s agreement. “Yeah. It’s real, that nearly-tangible extra spark of connection. And sitting in the house in Florida, looking back on that day, I remembered it—really remembered. So, suddenly, the idea that a big love, the magical kind of love is just an exaggeration? It had to be bullshit. I’d lived it, and it wasn’t with Lisa.” He looked almost terrified, and Cas wondered if this was the first time Dean had said any of this aloud, even to himself. “So, when she got home, we ended it, and as much as that conversation and some of the stuff that came after deeply sucked, I felt kinda liberated. Adrift, sure, like you said. But free and hopeful in a way I’d missed. And more like myself than I had in a while. And mostly, I just missed you like hell.”
” she repeated, meaningfully.
Castiel
Cas blinks. “Oh,” he ejects, ever a wordsmith. That…was not what he was expecting to hear. “I’m sorry. For your loss, I mean.”
What, Cas thought wildly, the actual fuck? If he had been drinking at the time, he would have done an honest to goodness spit take.  “What?!”
I’ll admit, Archangel, I can’t tell if my decision is more based on his logic or on my desire to acquiesce an attractive man’s request for my phone number. But either way, I have now decided to keep the phone. You clearly want me to have it, and I clearly need a way to be reachable by email in a consistent manner once I graduate, and apparently everything is all very clear all of a sudden. (Or, perhaps interacting with Dean is making my head particularly fuzzy, but I’m okay with that as well, I think. He is QUITE handsome, after all. I cannot be blamed for being weakened by even his voice over a phone line.)
As Cas’s giggles finally faded, Dean stood to hold out his hand to Cas. Rather than leading them inside, though, he drew Cas as close as they had been on the dance floor earlier, and began to sway to the music. They danced and kissed in the moonlight, and Cas felt like he had found Nirvana. How many times had he slept on the other side of that screen door, a lonely teen dreaming of a scene just like this? What deity had decided to grant him this wish, and how on Earth could he begin to thank them?
Mary just rolled her eyes at them all. “Lord. Can we at least get Cas settled before the wrestling match breaks out?”
Cas opened the door to the attic room slowly, half expecting to find a 9-year-old Dean jumping on the bed, or a 16-year-old Dean lounging in swim trunks and reading Lord of the Rings. The light streamed through from the balcony in golden sheets, dancing across the familiar carpet to the feet of the floral-covered twin beds. It even smelled the same, if a tad musty from disuse, and Castiel breathed the memories deeply into his lungs—whispered giggles by flashlight, privately elucidated dreams for the future, strained teenaged heart-to-hearts. This room had been a private haven for Dean and Castiel, the one place in the world where they could go to be alone, to speak their minds and their fears without even Sam or Jo intervening. It hurt to feel so sure those days were firmly in the past.
“Uh, no.” Dean finally looked up at Cas and took in a fortifying breath. “No, I’m… I’m not sure where I’m headed, actually.
and offerings are passed in poker chips and IOUs,
You once joked that I owe you at least one letter after everything that happened with your scholarship and whatnot. And I know you were mostly kidding, just like you know how bad I am with words in general, let alone putting them down on paper. But, well, you weren’t wrong. You deserve at least one letter, even in my confused words.
Jess had been adamant from the first that they eliminate as much “outdated heteronormative crap” from her wedding a possible. That was her term for it, but Sam had happily repeated it throughout the planning process with pride. She would be the last to come down the aisle, as Sam was unwilling to forego the traditional bridal reveal, but the rest was up on the chopping block from day one. The result of this manifesto was a laid-back ceremony with a homemade feel, acknowledging faith in the broadest sense, but entirely non-denominational. And Cas, for one, enjoyed it immensely.
“Sounds like a good brother.”
Sincerely,
The trouble with that plan was that his car’s CD player was definitely mocking him.
“I…” Cas has rarely looked more baffled, and it makes Dean’s heart swell to see the wonder blooming in the wake of his words. “What?”
“Awesome.” As he headed toward the bathroom, Dean noticed Cas getting into bed and switched off the overhead light, saying, “G’night,” on his way out the door.
I have two words for you:
Cas had the pleasure of sitting next to Ms. Moseley while they ate, who proved to be a charming, saucily brilliant woman with a special soft spot for the bride and groom. She informed Cas that the couple had first met under her eye in an elective Philosophy class each had decided to take on a whim during undergrad. She claimed that the moment the two had laid eyes on each other, she had known their love would be vast and magnificent. And while Cas wasn’t usually one for such over-romantic notions, the certainty in her expression had him quite swayed.
Dean flashed him a little side eye. “Oh, come on, Cas. Everybody knew.”
Fed up, Cas changed to the next song. This was getting ridiculous.
That made Ellen snort a bit derisively, muttering, “Some things never change.”
She squeezed his shoulder lightly, eyes soft. “Well, that’s what we get for having a destination New Year’s. And at least we get to see you now.”
But Dean cut him off, voice quiet and gaze back on the distant water. “Do you remember the summer when my dad rented that little two-man sailboat?”
Dear Kind Stranger Who Saves Orphans from Hideous Fates—
In the wake of this exchange, Dean just stared at the manuscript cover, stroking it reverently. It was utterly heartwarming to see the care with which Dean regarded his work, and all at once Castiel realized that he was going to forgive this man. That he was going to look back on this entire situation with fondness someday, for the way they both lost their way with each other but still forged a bond through the tangle. And with thoughts of jonquils and jealousies firm in his mind, Castiel made a decision, and shifted from his chair over to the couch.
“What?”
The moment sat there – a silent beacon marking the border where before meets so many potential afters. He could just say yes, lie by omission, but—no. He couldn’t. He needed, finally, to be honest. So, would this be an end? Or would his luck finally change? He closed his eyes and leapt off the cliff.
Archangel!
On Friday, the girls tried their hardest to get us to go downhill skiing, but Dean and I both ultimately declined. He is apparently quite uncomfortable with heights, and after the cross-country debacle of earlier in the week I did not have confidence my body would make it down a hill in one complete piece. The result was a day alone with Dean, and it went remarkably well, despite my initial nerves.
Meg and Bela assure me I’ll get the hang of it soon enough. But, then, Meg and Bela have already taken to texting me summons to their various rooms at all hours of the day and night rather than just walking ten steps down the hall to knock on my door. So, perhaps their level of comfort shouldn’t be my goal.
October 22, 2018
Castiel
Castiel was really watching him now, desperate to understand how mistaken he might about this man he considered his friend. “Did Ellen know?”
Dean looks up.
“I’m sorry to interrupt,” Cas says, misreading Dean’s reaction entirely. “Jack freed me just after he left you two, and I’ve been helping him fix Heaven. He insisted I come down to tell you that I was no longer in the Empty, and I tried to explain that it was a poor choice, but…”
“I—yeah,” he said, recovering quickly. “But I moved last year. I’m living in a little one story out in Dexter, so it’s still an easy commute when I have photo shoots at the school.”
Dear Archangel,
Cas just nods. None of this is really company conversation, but such are the times. “He’s been great, though. Just told me to move in as soon as I got laid off, to save myself the rent money and ride all this out.”
So, around this time, when I had written several small chunks of conflicted dragon ramblings, Garth made an unexpected suggestion. One of the others had asked over lunch how “the ghost dragon thing” was going, and when I explained about the new POV exercise, Garth exclaimed “that sounds like a children’s book waiting to happen!” Bela nearly choked on her sandwich in her haste to ask what the hell he was talking about, because “what parent wants to read their kid a story about a depressed dragon?” But, ever the earnest optimist, Garth laid out a fairly excellent point about the picture book medium and its potential to cover important topics within a fantastical framework, and how many different sorts of children who feel like outsiders could benefit from the dragon’s experience. By the end of his rant, even the ever-cynical Meg had to admit it was a valid point.
But, Archangel, I have somewhat buried the lede in this letter. Because the true development in the last few weeks happened just in the last few days: Dr. Jody Mills returned to the Estate to hand out our final project assignments.
Mr. Smith,
“Look, it…” Dean scrubbed a hand over his face, apparently in distress. “We broke up on the night of the 4th, okay? And I’m not sure if you remember what happened that same night, but—“
After “Closer to Fine” wrapped up, Ellie and her husband Trevor stood to say their goodbyes and take Addy home. Cas handed the guitar over to Dean, the true musician of the group, to lead them all in various requests and past favorites.
“Got it. I’ll set an alarm,” Ben promises, gathering up his chair and the remains of his dinner. “It was nice to meet you, Castiel,” he adds, smiling over his shoulder as he heads up toward the house.
I’ll take your silence on the matter of nicknames as a resounding “yes”.
“Makes sense,” Cas agreed.
I should sleep. I’ve surpassed rambling and have achieved a level of mushiness that would invite Meg’s deepest ire. So, good night/morning/day to you for now, Archangel. I wish you many nights like the one I’ve just had, full of friends, stories, and unbounded love.
Rubbing the back of his neck, Dean seemed to catch up. “For the record, I wasn’t there for Bela. I mean, I like her more than I did a year ago, and all. But I wouldn’t have gone to her graduation. I— I was gonna try to tell you all of this that night. You invited Archangel, after all— you deserved to have him there, even if he was actually just… you know. Me. But then…”
And then, another day gone to star-studded night brought us to his secret hilltop. Side by side again, we lay on a blanket watching the cosmos swirl as the car ticked to cool at the edge of the path, and Dean opened up his heart like a flower at dawn and spoke. Not only had he heard my past suggestions that his brother, Sam, might be within reach, he had taken it to heart. He told me, there in the mid-night glow, that he couldn’t shake my words, that for the first time in so long he saw small glimmers of hope in this particular mess. He shared with me the sort of fears I would not repeat (even to your own trusted ears), and I saw with burning clarity the depth of this man’s pain, the dismissal he automatically applies to himself, the void where his self-worth should shine. I did my best, Archangel, to meet these confessions with the care they deserve. I reached into my writer’s soul and released all the beautiful things he is to my eyes (holding back only the sort of details that could frighten a friendly companionship toward unease). I did my best, and he seemed, at least, to listen. We spoke long into the night, and found our way through strategies and plans he might employ should he opt to contact Sam. I can’t tell you whether he will act, in the end, but if anyone would be brave enough to take that plunge, I truly believe it would be Dean. I do so hope this goes his way. He deserves to gain his family back, however he can.
When no response came, Mary continued, color rising even as her voice remained hushed. “It’s a good thing Ellen was thinking on her feet, at least. Because that was quite a shock to try to cover up, let me tell you. Especially since I was just about to tell her how sad we were to hear that Lisa’s grandmother might be dying. I was about ten seconds from making a complete ass of myself in front of my son’s brand-new mother-in-law, and I do not like to think what would have happened if Ellen hadn’t saved me with photos of Garth’s new nephew.”
“Well, you two could share, then,” Mary suggested, indicating Cas and Dean. Cas felt himself freeze. “Give Rufus the blue room. That’s plenty far from everyone else trying to sleep.”
Friday dawned mild and overcast, but the house was quickly alive with activity. As with every wedding, there was quite a bit to be done before Saturday’s ceremony, so all hands were expected to be on deck.
“Cool,” Sam said, standing from the couch. “I’ll just check on the biscuits then…”
I’m sure you’re at least marginally curious about my vacation, so let’s get that out of the way first, shall we?
Alarmed, Dean asks, “At the hospital?”
I have to admit, I’m not sure what to say. In the week since your letter arrived I have been twirling in circles trying desperately to figure out what to do.
The first thing that struck me was that he was remarkably unassuming, sitting in the corner of the café in a warn leather jacket and jeans, drumming his fingers on the table as if in time to a spirited silent song. Don’t get me wrong: he is quite a handsome man. But I suppose, given his connection to the Talbots, I was expecting an over-polished gentleman, the sort who exudes status and positively drips money wherever he goes. Needless to say, the relaxed man we met was nothing of the kind.
“Did I?”
So, despite your not knowing any of these people, allow me to tell you about all the projects! (Please, allow me? I’m fascinated and excited, and I have no one else to share all this with who will remotely care…)
After dinner had been completed and cleared, there were a handful of brief speeches before the festivities wound down. Rick seemed unbelievably touched to have been asked to speak on his step-daughter’s behalf. He spoke eloquently of the love she had shown toward him and toward Sam, whom she had met just after her mother’s remarriage. Then Mary stood up to give a highly entertaining account of how quickly and forcefully her son had fallen for Jess, complete with a tear-jerking description of all the reasons why she, as a mother, was pleased and grateful that the two young people had found each other at just the right moment. It made for a lovely end to the evening, and as Cas rode back to the lake house with Charlie and Jo, he found himself more at peace with love itself than he had been in quite some time. He had always considered himself more realist than romantic, but every single person in that room tonight was so palpably certain that Sam and Jess had something special, and he found himself inclined to agree. It wasn’t just that Jess had been so strong for Sam when he was struggling with the worst of his addiction, nor that Sam had let her in to his most vulnerable heart at that uncertain time, though those had been beautiful truths to witness. It was something both more and underneath those actions, a deep attachment to and consideration for each other, a melding of minds and hearts without a loss of individuality. It was beautiful and wholly unique. It was everything Cas wished for, but nothing he ever expected to find. He had already found a friend like that, once. And even though that hadn’t been romantic, he wasn’t greedy enough to expect to find it a second time.
Shit.
As I understand it, the Winchesters drifted around for the next few years. Grief did not manifest kindly in John Winchester, and he struggled to put down new roots for very long. He would do odd jobs, but after a time the combination of restlessness and alcohol-induced misbehavior would ultimately drive him on to a new town. At least, that’s how Bobby and Rufus tell it. It’s so hard to ever know the inside of another’s life, but it’s clear these two were John’s friends once, even if their concern for his sons eventually drove a wedge between them all.
Jody very pointedly wants to help Meg work on breaking her own prejudices to open up horizons. Meg is a fierce woman, as I’m sure I’ve implied, and has strong opinions about the relative values of ideas and genres and styles and such. So, naturally, Jody is suggesting she take one or two of these tropes that she despises and lean into it. She wants Meg to write in that hated trope honestly, without parody or finger pointing, to see if she can find something new in there that changes her mind. (Since Meg has been struggling some with the concept of a redemption story, I suspect Jody is hoping that redeeming a trope will also serve as some kind of springboard for that deeper psychological battle at play. But perhaps I’m projecting my own hope onto Jody.)
After nearly a minute, Dean turned his eyes down.
Throat thick, Cas croaked out, “I know what you mean.”
When he had walked out of Sarah’s office an hour and a half earlier, he had been in a bit of a daze. Missouri had given him a rather glorious hug, and his words of thanks for her were probably very eloquent and inspired, but he couldn’t actually remember anything after the contract was signed.
“Both, obviously,” Dean answered, with a wink that set butterfly wings alight in Cas’s chest. Dean turned down the second-floor hall toward his now-former bedroom. “Let me grab my bag, I’ll be right up.”
So, I outlined something: an action-packed battle in a castle, complete with a love interest in distress. But as I tried to write actual substance for it, I quickly became disheartened. I’m not sure I was sold on the main character, and found writing the action sequences to be a bit less enjoyable than seeing them in a film might be. It started to lean toward a satirical version of itself, but I never quite found enough to get it all the way there, either. It was all very frustrating—I had committed to making something of this idea, but the only avenue I could fathom appeared to be a dead end.
Where do I even begin?
But the deeper transformation, I think, is uniquely my own. It is a specific awe that can only be born in an isolated child. And I’ll confess, it has been years since I felt so like a child, despite my physical youth. I am, in a word, giddy. There are possibilities here that need not be invented or imagined because they stand before me and speak my name. Even in a home full of children and revolving farmhands, I never experienced such open connection. (Well, perhaps Hannah came close, but our time together was always far too limited by class periods.) Here, suddenly, I am sought out and considered constantly by like minds who leapt from strangers to friends with an effortlessness I have never encountered.
Dean flicked a glance his way. “Yeah. And we just floated in the middle of the lake for, I don’t know, hours.”
“Then, how…”
Cas nodded his agreement. “This place certainly feels more right with everyone here.”
Thirty-six hours earlier, Cas would have been supremely disinclined to make this sort of contact with Dean. Even now, it might not be the wisest of moves: as his trust in the man rebuilt itself, so too did his crush. But there was no resisting the pathetic look on Dean’s face, the aura of utter defeat surrounding him this evening. Cas could survive a damn hug.
But never
Archangel, I simply cannot see a way this ends well. If I refuse the date, Dean will be hurt and I will have no adequate explanation to offer him. If I accept, there is no way I can hope to be enough for a man who has seen so much. Either way, I am keenly afraid I shall lose one of my closest friends, and it makes me unspeakably sad. I am at a loss for how to salvage the situation, and barring a telepathic revelation from yourself I have no hope of discovering a solution.
And then, much to Cas’s delight, they were kissing again. And kissing, and kissing…and it was more than even Cas’s hormone-addled teenaged mind could have dreamed. It was hard fought and honestly won, and Cas’s mind was alight with rainbows of pleasure.
“When they let us go out in the boat alone,” Cas cut in, desperate to know where the hell this was going.
In the end, it had all worked out perfectly. Professor Moseley’s granddaughter was an actual professional wedding photographer, and Cas had been able to at least lend his skills to the cause by looking at her portfolio and assuring Sam that her work was top notch. They had hired her the next day, and Cas was happy to relax into the wedding itself, leaving the art making to the professionals.
He still wasn’t sure about this. Now that he was here, it was starting to feel a bit too far on the creepy end of the spectrum, to have showed up, uninvited, at an address to which he has never been invited. But he hadn’t been able to help himself.
Cas closed his eyes again as he felt his hostilities begin to evaporate. The doubts wouldn’t leave completely, he imagined, not overnight. But he was resolved not to let himself be overtaken by fear and insecurity again. Not over Dean. It hadn’t been any fun being mad at him anyway, Cas thought as he began to drift off to sleep. The man was just too damn adorable to resent.
Things broke up pretty quickly from there. The caterers were gone and Aaron’s kit was packed, and the rest was to be handled in the morning. Dean had been volunteered to drive the new spouses to their hotel, so Cas took leave of the other exhausted occupants of the lake house and made his way up to the attic alone.
“My brother does,” Cas says, gesturing somewhat lamely at the house. “Here.”
By Monday, the weather had relaxed some, and Meg and I somehow let Bela talk us into cross country skiing. I did not fall over (much) or break any bones, but I felt like a rather unpleasant variety of Jello by the time I had flopped out on the couch back at home base. Clearly, the relative lack of physical activity in my life now that farm work is out of the picture has begun to render me somewhat out of shape. I shall have to keep that void in mind when I build my post-graduate life, should I ever wish to participate in such activities in the future.
Cas swallowed hard. He was imagining it, right? That… that sex voice? It had to be the ambiance—the barn full of fairy lights, the couples pressed close, the sultry tone of Jimmy Page’s guitar. Down boy, Cas told himself firmly as he turned his focus back to the task at hand.
From here, Archangel, the sun bursting over the frozen lake through my window is an almost absurdly apt metaphor. I feel more connected to the world at large in this moment, from a closed estate in the middle of the woods, than I ever could have imagined. The varied world is not so much a mystery when there is even this tiny bit of context. Or, perhaps more accurately, when there are people at hand who can be trusted to fill in your gaps. People who don’t call your gaps failings. People who will acknowledge gaps of their own even while they help yours spill over with something new and stunning.
In a perfect world, this weekend would be heavenly as well. Sam had wanted to get married at the lake house, and Ellen had been happy to make that happen, despite his rather brief engagement. They would all be there again, together at the scene of so many beloved memories, inviting some wonderful new people into their large, lively clan and celebrating two brilliant young people in love. Most of Cas was thrilled. If only that deep nagging voice in his head would stop trying to ruin it all with weird thoughts about Dean.
Jo’s cry of, “Dean, that was fifteen years ago,” probably carried clear across the lake.
The thing is, Archangel, I should know better! Femininity is not a requirement for queerness in a cisgender man— I learned this young, by my own research, and I explained this very truth to several of the kids who came through Angel Farm during my tenure. And yet, when presented with a tall, broadly built man with a deep voice and a muscle car and an apparent flannel obsession, I fully assumed any degree of queerness was off the table. Perhaps I was just so relieved that this lovely man, clearly dropped to Earth from an LL Bean catalogue, was actually an ally to my community that it seemed too much to think him an actual member thereof. But whatever I assumed, I was wrong. On his second night at the Roadhouse he casually mentioned his “ex-boyfriend Aaron” on the periphery of a conversation and just barreled on to finish the story. I cannot remember how the tale ended, truthfully. My mind was stuck, and our entire relationship to date was bouncing off the walls of my brain like memory ping pong.
