Steve just fiddled with the edge of his tablet.
“Your dad said you’re twenty-one?” Steve asked.
"Hey, Steve! We could watch a movie or something," Clint called after him, but Steve shook his head tightly.
“I know. Turns out I want you back for a reason, too.”
Steve touched his lips to the top of Tony’s head. “Well, for now, feel this, hear me. And maybe, someday, it’ll be enough to replace it.”
He shuffled around the crib - they really needed to reorganize the furniture in this room - and over to the window. When he pushed the thin curtain aside, his eyes went wide. The whole street was covered in a soft blanket of bright, white snow. The sky was clouded, but the snow reflected what little morning light there was, and the whole street glowed.
Tags: Capwolf, Soulmates, Ambiguous/Hopeful Ending, ID Porn
Tony dropped his chin to his chest painfully obviously and ran his hand over the blue silk. Then he laughed. “Well, well, I guess I am.” He twisted close then dropped his hand in Steve’s back pocket and
"How about a hug, Buckster?"
Steve just shook his head. He dipped a cloth in the bowl of cool water and wiped it across Tony’s brow again. Tony tried to slap him away. Steve knew Tony couldn’t understand him right now, was seeing something that wasn’t there, but he couldn’t help but murmur, “You’re okay, Tony. I’ll never hurt you.” He just had to wait this fever out.
Subject: Re: Care to comment?
"So what were you doing in the closet?" Tony asked, keeping his eyes on Ant.
"You really were sweet on me?" Steve asked.
His side was to Steve, but there was no question that it was Tony who sat on the bench, fingers flying over the keys. Tony’s chin was down and his eyes were closed, as he rocked slowly back and forth to the rhythm, his feet working the pedals. The notes spilled out of the instrument and filled the vast space, layering over each other.
“Okay.” Steve let Tony help him to his feet. Tony slipped a comm in his ear so Steve could hear as Tony let the others know Steve was okay, each familiar voice that chimed in sending a shudder of warm relief through Steve’s body.
Steve takes two steps towards Tony, because now that he’s filled up with this revelation from head to foot, he wants to bask in it. This love is warm and soft and washes over him in waves, like a calm evening ocean lapping at the shore. It’s steadying and right and powerful and,
“No. But let’s do it!”
“Yeah, that’s why I’m hoping to have some creative input on the commission. Though, the one of me sitting on that throne from Game of Thrones would look pretty great behind reception.”
“Comfy,” Tony added.
The guy shrugged. "Maybe. I'd pay, though." He winked. "Anyway, thanks again, uh -?"
Steve spun and slammed through another bot, fighting side by side with Iron Man. When the area was clear, he grabbed Iron Man by the wrist and tugged him down to the ground. “Open the helmet.”
Steve opened his arms, and Tony flowed into them, sprawling out across his chest. He chuckled. “You’re so tactile.” He bent and ruffled his nose through Tony’s hair.
Steve grabbed his cane from where it leaned against the wall and shuffled down the hallway. He lowered himself to his armchair and settled in. His eyes cut, as they always did, up to the mantle where Tony sat. “Good evening, my love.”
He smiled, peeking up at Steve through soft eyelashes. “Sounds interesting.”
Tony pressed them against Steve’s calf. “Not when I have you to cuddle with.”
“Never. But I am dressed.”
Tony smiled. He dropped his fingers down to Steve’s cuff and toyed with the blue gem that matched his own. “Okay, good.”
“In here!” Tony winced as Steve’s boots stomped closer. What was he going to say? How was he going to find her?
“Really?”
But Steve was still looking at him sadly. He reached out and wound his fingers through Tony’s, tugging him closer. “I don’t think you do…” Steve fitted their bodies lightly together and brushed his lips against Tony’s. “I really, really want it to be a date. There’s no one else on this planet I want to go on a date with more than you. Not even Tabitha Fortis.”
You must see it. I wanted to make a happier fill, but 1872 is just so sad! So this is what came out, sorry.
“Okay. What? You gonna sing me a song or something?”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked more than once, and Tony nodded tensely each time.
“And also now that we know how hard it is to make one ourselves.”
"Why?" Steve spluttered. "Don't you have your own plane?"
Tony watched like a man on his way to the guillotine as Steve stepped out of the elevator and approached the workshop door. He knocked, so Tony knocked back the rest of his beer before calling out, “Come in.”
“Hey, baby! Happy birthday!”
This is a present for the lovely tonystarkier who is very fond of Peanuts. Thanks for being awesome, and I hope this sequel hits the same good buttons!
Steve choked as a tight band squeezed around his ribs. Two hundred years. He’d lost everything again.
“So… next week?” Tony said as Steve tugged his backpack back on at the end of the night.
Tony’s whole body moved as he played, and Steve could feel Tony’s leg rubbing against his as he worked the pedal, his arm pressing into Steve’s side as his hand danced up to the higher octaves.
Tony’s voice went rough and breathless, stretched thin.
There was a moment of somewhat tense silence as they both considered each other. It was hard to believe that this was the man Tony would be tied to forever.
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Steve answered by curling an arm around Tony's waist and drawing him in close. Their lips met and it was warm and tender and intimate. Tony didn't push for more, didn't want it, just wanted to be close together. Steve moved to kiss Tony's cheek then wrapped himself around him tightly. "Stay."
He bit back a curse and marched down the hall. This was it. He was done messing around. He knocked on the door, no longer caring if he woke Nat. But it was Bruce who answered the door. He looked past him into the bedroom and saw Nat sitting on a bench in the corner and no sign of Steve.
Tags: Ultimates, Vampires, Major Character Undeath, Huddling for Warmth, Ambiguous Ending
Tony jolted awake to the sound of a high-pitched wail through the baby monitor. “Whose turn is it?” he muttered.
Tony smiled softly and fiddled with the lapel on Steve’s jacket. “Really. It’s always been you. Why do you think I let you win at Street Fighter so much?”
“Do you - what year?” Steve managed.
Steve looked up as the air cleared and saw red and gold armour come into view. Oh god it was - but it couldn’t be. Someone else flew the armour now? Even with Tony surely gone over a hundred years ago, Iron Man still being alive was a small comfort. “What?” Steve gasped out, knowing he had questions to ask but not knowing which ones.
Tony shrugged and sat on his stool, swinging back and forth a bit. “I couldn’t just leave you there to be triaged. We’re overloaded as it is.”
Set post-epilogue of In Trouble Deep.
"And the rest we'll figure out," Steve said, "together."
Steve,
stop. It’s my fault. I’m - I’m having difficulty adjusting.”
Tony squeezed his eyes closed. “Not like this…”
Tony took it. “It’d be my pleasure.”
Steve blinked.
In contrast, studies of bonding chemicals and pheromone production when exposed to viable life-mate have been illuminating.
"Why do you need duct tape?"
When Steve’s feet threatened to give out under him, Tony hooked an arm around his waist and started leading the way out of the base and to the quinjet. “I’ve got you.”
Tony pressed more keys wildly.
Square: Movie Night
If you have workskins on, you can hover over (click on mobile) the other languages for translations, if you don't, translations will be in the end notes!
and this happened.
The medic shook her head. “No ID on him when we took him in to the Trisk.”
Natasha leaned her head towards the back of the couch. Something sounded off.
When Tony revealed the blue band-aid covered with yellow rubber ducks, Ant opened his mouth wide enough that the binky fell out. "Dah?!" he asked again, this time with more urgency.
"'And Max said…'"
“Not a chance.” Tony snuggled down under the covers. “I’ve got you on the phone now, I’m not letting you go. All I want for my birthday is you telling me all about your super boring meetings.”
“‘Fuck. She’s not even microchipped yet. This is the worst thing I’ve ever done. I’m -”
“A hundred bucks.”
Tony’s tongue darted out and licked a wet line up the edge of Steve’s ear. “Live a little.”
Tony grinned into his scotch. "Ask the Patriotic Popsicle."
"I can do this all day," Steve shot back, throwing a cheeky grin over his bony shoulder.
Steve chuckled. He reached out and petted across Tony’s cheek with his thumb. “Tony, sweetheart, we’re going to miss the conference if this shiny new car of yours breaks down one more time. And as much as I love getting to spend more time with you, turning a five-hour road trip into a sixteen-hour road trip might be more than our marriage can handle.”
Tags: Crush, Pre-Slash, Tension, Crushing Steve, Fluff(ish)
[11:26] Steve: Oh my god, how are you? Is everything okay?
A glob of mud flies off Tony’s arm as he gestures and marrs the once-pristine kitchen floor. The puppy whimpers.
“That’s me.”
Steve jerked forward, but the alien just pulled him back again. And then a single tentacle curled around his face. Steve sucked in a breath, terrified that he would soon be choking on a tentacle of his own, unable to breathe, but instead, it covered his eyes, squeezing tightly until there was nothing but blackness to see.
“No.”
“No, Steve corrected. "It tastes better because you bring home back with you.”
Rated: T
"Yes."
Tony barked out a laugh. “There he is.” He brushed his fingertips along the edge of Steve’s hairline. “Let’s make some new memories, huh? Ones for both of us to keep?”
Hot Window Guy smiled. “So… you’re here every night. I can only assume you were waiting for something in particular to go on sale. Can I help you find something?”
Results of subject-subject contact tests:
"I was sorting books…"
Rated: E
They fell into easy silence again, and Steve turned his attention back to the road. With the air vents back on low, he could hear the radio, burbling out classic hits. When AC/DC came on, Tony’s fingers started tapping on his thigh to the beat.
Steve grabbed one of the pillows from the edge of the pile and tucked it up against Tony's back. He relaxed with a sigh and Steve leaned over Anthony to press a kiss to his lips. Lightning flashed outside, illuminating the fort for a moment, washing out the yellow glow from the duck. "So," Steve asked with a grin, "what should we read next?"
“I’m sorry.” And it sounded like he genuinely was.
“We can make this work, right?”
Time had lost all meaning. The tentacles held them both in place, not moving, not advancing, just waiting. Steve was trapped in the chair, legs spread far enough that they ached, and Tony was shoved up tight between his knees, mouth around his cock. Drool soaked Steve’s thighs, drawing goosebumps on his skin as it cooled. Tony’s mouth was hot and wet, his tongue spasming as he tried to swallow, tried to draw air.
Tony held up a sleek, state-of-art StarkPhone, and Steve could see his own face smiling back from his tinder profile. "Nope. Really me."
“It was you! In that alley! The naked guy who got beat up! Holy shit. I thought I’d dreamed that! Bucky told me it was a fever-induced hallucination and made me stay in bed for two weeks.
“If you both shut up and went to sleep.”
“I can feel the way my heart skips a beat when you laugh at my jokes. I can feel how easy you make it for me to get up and fight even when I’m exhausted. I can feel your hands, but not on my throat, Tony. I can feel the way you touched me before you kissed me, before all this happened. That’s what I remember - that one moment. I want that. I wanted it then, but… And now it seems like you don’t want me anymore. I just need to know if -”
"Steve Rogers."
“So you said you’re heading somewhere interesting?” Steve asked, when he couldn’t take the silence anymore. “Where do you want me to drop you off?”
He checked his watch as he powered along the stretch of storefronts, panting out breath hot enough to be a cloud of steam in the cool, winter air. Six-thirty on the dot. He shoved his hands in his pockets and slowed as he approached the puddle of yellow light that spilled out of Shield Art Supplies.
But he couldn't afford a night in the far too swanky airport hotel after having spent every cent he'd saved on this plane ticket, and home was still a long way off, so he'd have to settle for a hard, plastic chair and a ten dollar cookie.
He had never told him the shape of his soulmark, but he knew Tony’s wasn’t the same.
“Just don’t ask me what I thought you meant by grinder.”
Tony sighed, more disappointed than he had any right to be. It was all for the best, really; he needed to start getting over this guy.
From: steve.rogers@avengers.com
“This won’t do at all!” cried the bad man. If gifts wouldn’t work, and talking wouldn’t work, he was going to have to turn to magic. It was clear that Tony loved him back, he just wouldn’t admit it, so the bad man needed to give him a little push.
Tony not-so-subtly checked his watch again then suppressed a sigh. Thirty-six minutes. He’d been sitting here like an idiot, completely silent, for thirty-six minutes, while Steve gushed over a woman in bright pink overalls with a pencil stuck in her wild, blonde hair.
“I know.” Steve’s voice was shaky.
Tony waited, exposed, for the killing blow, but it didn’t come. "Steve…” Tony swallowed ash and dust. “Let’s end this quickly.”
“Seems cut and dry.” Tony picked up one of the cardboard sets and turned it upside down, sticking his head inside.
“Why did you dodge me for three days then? Just to delay the inevitable? Drag this out? For fucks sake, Steve. This has been torturing me.”
Each panted breath was a broken gasp now. He needed to come, he was going to come, but he needed permission. He hung on the very edge, grip slipping, keening and begging wordlessly around the gag, spit leaking out and streaking his chin and cheeks.
“Maybe it won’t work out between him and… what’s-his-face,” Bruce offered, marking something down in his notebook.
The waiter reappeared with two plates and set them down on the table. Tony upended the ketchup over his fries then shoved one in his mouth.
The air in the bar was too heavy again, laden with layers of thick scents that Steve could no longer separate into individual sources but were all combining to choke him out. He didn't want to be here anymore, marinating in sin and indulgence.
Steve made noises of pain and discomfort while Tony rocked desperately back on the tentacle stretching his hole wide. Every tiny touch was alighting fireworks under Tony's skin, and he sucked hard on the tentacle in his mouth, twisting and shifting so the tentacles would pet him more firmly. Whatever they'd given him kept him on the edge of need constantly, every orgasm only giving him a few moments relief before he was begging again.
Tony stared for a solid minute, and Bucky stared back, scowling, then Tony burst out laughing.
Steve cut himself off and stepped aside. “Morning.”
"Or we could share something else," Tony shot back, heat flickering in his eyes.
“Mr. Stark went to bed forty-three minutes ago, Captain.”
"I broke the kid, Steve. Oh god, I broke the kid."
He stuck out his hand, and Tony shook it, warm and firm in his grip. Butterflies filled Tony’s stomach. “Tony.”
He hated fighting.
He rolled over and felt the cool waft of air that meant he’d come out from under the blankets. It wasn’t hard to believe, Steve slept in an unkempt mess of fabrics, all wrinkly and unpredictable. Tony sat up to try and sort out something to cover himself with, but there was nothing. Every single blanket and sheet from the bed was completely wrapped around Steve like a burrito, a tuft of his blond hair sticking out from the top, and he was snoring softly.
"It gets stuck," Tony said smoothly, reaching out to take Anthony in his arms. "And it can't get from the power station to our house. The people who work for the power company have to go get it unstuck."
“You should probably head back, Cap,” Tony said. “I’ve learned the hard way that when you’re first getting used to it, it feels great while you’re in it, but there’s a bit of a hangover if you go too long.”
Captain America crouched down in front of him and pulled his helmet off, revealing familiar blond hair and terrified eyes. “Tony? Tony, it’s me. Please tell me you’re okay.”
“Fuck yes!” Steve threw his fist in the air.
Tony pushed the triage nurse out of the way and tripped across the floor, tugging his stethoscope from around his neck. The man held his boy out desperately towards him. The boy was three or four, barely conscious, a blue tinge to the edges of his lips. His chest heaved with the effort of trying to take unsuccessful breaths.
The rest of the team called back their acknowledgement but it was nothing more than a low buzz in the back of Steve’s mind. If Iron Man had been activated on its own that meant -
Tony sighed. Even though he'd met the man, it was
“Night.” She disappeared back into her room, and Steve slipped into the bathroom. He drank down two full glasses of cool water then splashed more on his face. This entire night was such a mess. All he wanted was to talk to Tony, to work this out, to make sure they were still okay. And all the world seemed to want was to keep them apart.
For Happy Steve Bingo.
“Steven.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve told him, even though he was long past hearing. At the end of it all, it was Steve’s heart that made the decision for him. Maybe Tony could accept his own death, but Steve couldn’t, not when he had a way to keep even just a part of him. Even knowing that Tony would probably hate him for it, tell him it wasn’t worth it, for Steve it would be, knowing that some piece of Tony would live on forever, even if it wasn’t with him.
"Bye, honey," Bucky said. "Have a great day."
Plus… it was really cold.
“Not really.” Steve shook his head. “It didn’t feel real, because I remembered every time the day looped and no one else did. It was like you were a dream. Dream Tony. Not real - just in my head. It didn’t matter what I said or did.”
“Steve, huh? I like it.” Tony folded his elbows over the edge of the table and leaned in. “So? Five thousand sound good? If it takes a long time, I can throw in a bonus.”
“Tony, gentle,” Steve chastised, shooting the boy an apologetic look. But he shook his head.
Bucky stopped and stared up at the building in front of him. Huh. It really was a windmill. If someone were to say, “he’s a mad genius who lives in a windmill,” your first thought would be that they were overreacting, but at least part of it seemed to be very true in this case. Bucky checked his notebook again. Stark was the name. Tony Stark.
“But, Cap, we haven’t considered all the angles.”
Steve lay back on the bed and watched Natasha grumble around the room, a rain cloud over her head. It was clear that something was tense and unpleasant between her and Bruce, and he didn’t want to push, but the leader in him was desperate to know. What if this affected the lullaby? What if Bruce was at risk of Hulking out again, and now they had no way of bringing him back down?
Rated: T
Steve realized with a soft smile that Tony had never seen a dog like that before, at least not in the time Steve had been caring for him. There was a woman in Steve’s building with a tiny, short-haired thing she carried around in her purse, and once in a while they’d passed one on a leash while Tony was curled up in Steve’s arms, but this dog was close by, and at Tony’s eye-level, and Tony was clearly smitten. Steve could practically see little hearts popping above Tony’s head as he lifted one sand-covered hand and pointed towards the dog.
And when he had something on his mind, it was even worse. Tony was just down the hall, in Cooper’s room, sleeping. Probably sleeping easily, and Steve couldn’t stop thinking about him.
“Was I talking?” Tony asked, leaning over the back of the couch.
Steve rolled his eyes. "Don't teach him that, Tony. He'll end up twenty-four and thinking the police will come if he doesn't play the game. Wait - blanket fort?"
Steve’s lip is sort of curled up like he disapproves but is trying to keep it to himself, and Tony realizes he thinks he’s a draft dodger. He snorts out a laugh before he can stop himself, and Steve looks at him sharply. “Not a problem. I’m too old anyway.” Or he will be. Next May. He winks. “Don’t worry. Like I said, I’m not going to be around long.” When Steve doesn’t say anything, Tony adds, softer, “You’re quite the fighter.”
“Tony?”
Tony winced. He leaned back to look Steve in the eye. "What if he doesn't like you, though? Like permanently? What if it wasn't something you said, but who you are?"
"Don't start, Stevie!" Bucky warned, brandishing his sax case.
“Okay, okay. God, this is so selfish of me, but I can’t say no. We’re going to figure out a way to keep you safe though, okay? I have a lot I need to tell you, and there’s going to be a lot of very not-fun parts of this, but if you think I’m worth it, I know you are.”
Tony sniffed and turned his suddenly prickling eyes towards the window. He took another drink of water to wash down the lump in his throat. “I may have already told some people that we broke up,” he said haughtily. “I decided that since you wouldn’t let me break up with you, I’d just do it on my own.”
Tony snuggled closer, teeth chattering, and Steve ran his hand up through the back of Tony’s hair, guiding his face into the crook of his neck. Tony’s nose touched Steve’s skin and he bit back a yelp.
"Please don't go."
"Sorry," Steve felt the need to say. He lifted his phone. "I mean - I thought it was a catfish…"
Tony waved a hand. “Eh. Whatever. It’s hopeless anyway.”
At least, that was all he
We had a couple people ask for Tony's reaction to the Iron Man sleeper so here it is! Thanks to everyone who suggested it <3
"You need to rehydrate."
Steve stretched his legs up on the dash and tipped his head back, basking in the warmth of the early afternoon sun. “How’s it looking, Tony?”
“And…?” Nerves pinched the corners of Tony’s expression for the first time.
“It ends happily,” Steve said.
Then it was releasing him. The tentacles slid away, leaving Tony gasping for breath. "What the -?" He tried to shuffle backwards, moving away from it instinctively, only to realize that he was free-floating, gravity  its usual pull, and his movement only sent him spinning wildly through the air. This wasn’t the locker room shower stall anymore, it wasn't even Avengers Tower. The creature had taken him somewhere completely different.
"You going to be alright? I gotta go get set up."
“I heard that!” Steve called from down the hall.
But it was getting harder and harder not to.
Tony yelled long enough that Bucky started yelling back and then Tony reached down and packed a snowball of his own, lobbing it across the lawn. Bucky dodged it, but it hit the side of the compound with explosive force. Tony had a good arm on him - two actually, Steve had seen him type, write, eat, and throw with both arms. And lo and behold, he had another snowball already, whipping it out before Bucky could get his balance again in the deep snow.
Tony startled up. “Shit, Steve! Don’t give me a heart attack when it’s not even in my chest.”
"Why do you care so much?"
Tony pulled him close and pressed a soft kiss to his forehead. “First of many.”
Sincerely,
When the tentacles gave them a breath of space, Steve arched back and made the mistake of looking down. It was a mistake because the view immediately punched an orgasm out of him with no warning. He cried out, feeling like he'd been shot. Tony was still plugged by the tentacle stretching down his cock, come beading up around it as it rocked in and out, a thick trail dripping down onto Tony's stomach. As far as Steve could tell, Tony was coming near constantly now. And as Steve tumbled over the edge with him, he briefly considered the possibility that they would be stuck like this forever, until they passed out or died of heart attacks, caught in endless pleasure for eternity.
Tony turned to where Steve had taken a gentle hold of his elbow. “What?” He laughed. “They’re about to do the cake and candles and stuff.”
“You know I never look at the calendar. Then people expect me to show up for things.”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
One, that there'd be an omega in the class.
Tony sighed and rubbed his hand over his face. "Sorry isn't going to cut it, Buck. Do you know what this means?"
Rated: M
Fluff, domestic, bit of angst, injuries, love, slow burn.
“I know.”
A tentacle hooked Tony's ankle, keeping him from slamming into the wall, and he took the chance to gape at his surroundings. He was in a large, circular room, completely smooth and seamless from the walls to the ceiling to the floor - all white with shiny, chrome-like accents - almost too shiny to be entirely believable. He kicked out again, feeling panic rise up in his chest, and the room spun again. It was almost as if… almost as if he wasn't on Earth anymore…
"Fuck you. Shit that's not - Ugh, just fuck you. I'm so… God dammit, where's the dele -"
“Traditionally,” Tony told him, “one puts bread in first.”
“Mhm.” Tony leaned over onto the counter and looked up at Steve through far too many, long, dark eyelashes. “Your number.”
He made to move away from the table, but Steve reached out and grabbed his arm. "Don’t go.” His voice was so small, so broken, that Tony stilled. “I’m sorry. I’m trying really hard. I want you to be the one who remembers. I know I’m an asshole but… that’s never really stopped you from liking me before, has it?” The hesitant smile he twisted up towards Tony broke his heart.
“A groupie?” Tony offered. The last thing they needed was Clint’s kid brother wanting to hang around when they were there to make serious music.
“Tony…” Steve whispered, heart stuttering to a stop. He had to get to the hospital. If Iron Man was here that meant -
who made him look like that. He shifted his knees apart wider and arched his back, resisting the urge to thrust up into Steve’s hand.
Steve burns with the fury of a man held back, with a need that Tony thinks has been tempered by the serum, or maybe just satisfied by it. This Steve is angry, and this Steve is desperate, and Tony has seen his Steve be both of those things, but… not like this. It’s breathtaking, and Tony only realizes a moment too late that his quick appraisal has been anything but.
They both slept all the way until morning.
“Why? What happened?”
It took almost forty-five minutes to decorate the cake. Bucky squeezed out the last crooked flower and they both stood back to examine it.
Steve huffed out a sigh and squeezed his eyes shut for a moment. "Look, I know you're just doing your job and trying to protect him, but I
Except, apparently he did know someone, because he was only out for twenty minutes, when a familiar mess of dark hair and bookbags struggled down the opposite side of the street. Steve watched as the kid looked up, saw Steve, paused, then jaywalked, half a block down from where Steve was standing. He came right up to him this time and shrugged before opening his arms and letting himself be folded into Steve's hold.
“That’s oddly specific. Um - first Home Depot run as homeowners… first forgotten date, first - uh - maybe first night as parents?” Pink flushed its way across Tony’s cheeks.
Steve relaxed as he felt the joints of the armour lock to Tony’s control. He blasted through the landing bay and came to a stop in the workshop, landing lightly on his feet. Tony walked over, grinning from ear-to-ear. He pushed a button and the armour sprung open.
Tony appeared a moment later, clicking off the bathroom light as he sauntered in, still naked. He peeled up the covers then chuckled. “You didn’t have to get dressed, babe. It’s just us.”
"I -" Steve cut off, staring at the cut. It didn't really hurt, not like he expected, and… He wiped the blood away with a napkin from the coffee table and they both watched as the cut sealed itself closed again. "...What?"
Tony cut back across the workshop, ducking under the table when the staff fired again, then dove out and made a grab for the puppy's tail. "Got her!" But he didn't have her. The puppy slipped free and made a beeline for the door.
"Yeah. I can listen. If you don't want me to talk, I can just listen?"
“Sadly, no.”
Steve wondered if the man had a wife at home, children waiting for him. He wondered if he came home on pay day with his pockets lighter than they should be, drunk and senseless, smelling like someone else's perfume.
"Me too. I'm sorry, Tony."
“Skipping dinner?” Steve asked.
Fluff, silliness, embarassment, get together, gentle misunderstandings.
Steve had seen some of the bruises Tony sported after a particularly rough battle so he thought “perfectly safe” was a bit of an exaggeration, but honestly, that was never going to stop him. He’d had a subway car thrown at him just the other day; no part of Steve’s life was “perfectly safe.” What he really needed to know what that it was perfectly okay for Steve to play with Tony’s toy. “You sure?”
Tony lifted his hands again and turned them back and forth. “These haven’t aged well. Too much use. And, god, I’m just a mess of scars. Barely any me left under there.”
Tony tilted to the side until his forehead pressed against the permanently-smudged plexiglass masquerading as a window. There were reasons he usually flew on his own jet, and the presence of so many fingerprints left by other travellers was certainly one of them. And nose prints.
"I'm no stranger to the small version of you. I'd seen pictures before we even met, and I've seen you like this several times." Tony's fingers brushed gently across Steve's cheek. "I love you. All ways. You have a tendency to pull back when you're like this, and that's fine, I respect your need for space, but please don't do it on my account."
Bucky twitched again, but this time Tony surged up to meet him and their lips met.
“Um,” Steve said, hoping to god his cheeks weren’t as red as they felt.  "It'snotwitheveryone.“
Steve tossed Tony over his shoulder and marched across the room, shoving their suitcase out of the way, then tackled him backwards onto the bed, making him yelp. Tony clutched at Steve’s sides as Steve urged him into a kiss, rapidly turning from heated to full-on filthy. When Tony arched his hips up and Steve felt how eager he was to take this further, he straightened up and tugged his t-shirt over his head.
“Okay.” Steve sighed and sunk back into the pillow.
Steve tipped his head back until it hung over the arm of the couch. He stretched again, and the pop in his back and the groan of his legs were pleasant this time. There was a dark line of… something on the ceiling, and Steve wondered idly if Bucky and Clint had been playing paintball inside again.
Tony tried to focus on relaxing his muscles so Steve could work him open faster. The sooner Steve was satisfied that Tony was ready, the sooner he’d be inside him. And either Steve was as eager as he was, or it worked, because only a few minutes later, Steve pulled back, licking his lips in a way that was far too obscene for a national icon, and crawled forward until he was covering Tony over again. He kept working his fingers inside him, adding a third briefly, then pulled away and worked his fly open, propping himself up on one elbow.
"Tony?" Steve rasped, shocked, and Tony found him, dumped in a heap a few feet away. Tony pushed himself up on his elbows and Steve twisted up to sitting and shifted a little closer, giving Tony plenty of space. "Are you okay?"
Tony’s eyes were wide and bright. “How could you still want that after… after everything?”
Bucky groaned and tipped down until his forehead hit the desk. "I fucked up."
Literally everyone knew him on sight. No one was going to believe that Tony Stark was on Tinder in Chicago.
"'Kay."
Rated: M
"JARVIS! Stop!" But something he'd hit must have prevented JARVIS from listening. He kept cycling through languages at random.
“Manuuuuufacturing…” Tony sing-songed. “Time to get to work.”
So his only option was to tell Steve honestly that he had a problem with his boyfriend - a problem that was entirely his own - and that he might need some time to get over it. Steve was a good guy - the best - he’d understand. Maybe Tony would have his shit figured out in time to be their best man, in time to be honestly happy for Steve that he’d found someone he loved and who loved him back.
“Solid point. But it has all kinds of safety measures now. I can pilot it remotely, and it can fly itself, too. I’ve seen you eyeing it up. If you want to try it, you really can. It’s perfectly safe.”
“What?”
"You're okay." Tony reached for Steve, but he snapped his hand out of reach and stumbled up to his feet on his own.
“Oh! Tony. God, sorry. I didn’t see you there.”
Steve took a steading breath. "I need to speak to Mr. Stark, please."
Tony went very, very still. "Well," he said softly.
“Stevie Rogers, yeah?”
Looked like he was getting out of this with his job, his favourite regular, and a date.
"What are you doing?"
Tags: Misunderstandings, Suspected Infidelity, Winteriron, Stucky, Tony & Steve, Happy Ending
“I wouldn’t want your crush to think you’re taken.” Tony bumped Steve’s shoulder with his.
“Excuse me. Fifty-one.”
Steve started nodding long before he seemed able to find words. "Yes. Yes, I'd still very much like to. Go out. Please."
(Originally
He didn’t know how much time had passed at this point. The aliens showed no sign of relenting and provided no clue as to what would satisfy them. For all he knew, they would both die here like this.
"I'm so fusskin drink and I nerrer told you I love you so goddamn -"
Steve rolled the styrofoam cup nervously between his fingers, still clutching the sharpie in the other hand. He shrugged, trying to pass it off as nothing. “You come in every day. I have a good memory.”
Steve beamed. “Okay. I’ll grab my jacket and meet you back down here in ten.”
They surged up -
They tripped back into kisses with no end in sight, until a door opened and closed behind them and the sudden burst of music from the dance eased them apart. “Hey, Steve?” Tony asked.
“This… thing. It’s not working. I crossed an ocean to get away from this thing and it just… it just followed me there. I missed you more there than I do when I’m here in the tower and we’re not talking.”
Second last chapter! The epilogue will be posted next weekend. Thanks so much for reading along guys :D
Tony watched Steve ratchet tighter. It was like every one of his gears was rusting before Tony’s eyes, clenching and catching and creaking. Creases that Steve’s perfect face usually didn’t display appeared at the corner of his eyes. His hands clenched into fists at his sides, then released, then clenched again.
Tony popped the plastic cap off and slid out a rolled up piece of paper. He stretched it flat and scanned the words written on it. A slow smile bloomed on his face. “You bought me a star.”
The carrier mewed, and Steve opened the door to let the tiny, grey puffball step out. She stretched as long as she could - which wasn’t long - and yawned then sauntered her way over to Tony. She rubbed up against his ankle, miniature tail straight up in the air, and started purring. “Oh my god.” Tony scooped her up and pressed her to his chest. “I thought I’d murdered you.”
Tags: Fluff, Meet Cute, Platonic or Pre-Slash, MIT Tony, Free Hugs Guy Steve
what a way to go, though.
“Wow, I get my own rules, amazing!” There was a thud and then Steve started laughing.
Sweat: Water, lactic acid, urea, sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium. Trace amounts of palladium.
Bucky glared at Tony from across the room. "Don't you dare, Stark."
Steve tried not to show the disappointment on his face. “Oh.”
Steve started turning pink. "Is this a bad time…?"
It was okay. He’d be fine. Stark men were made of iron, after all.
Steve hummed and plucked at the fabric, slipping his fingers under the hem to splay over Tony’s stomach. Shit, he was still wearing the gloves.
Tony not-so-subtly checked his watch again then suppressed a sigh. Thirty-six minutes. He’d been sitting here like an idiot, completely silent, for thirty-six minutes, while Steve gushed over a woman in bright pink overalls with a pencil stuck in her wild, blonde hair.
He must have forgotten; Tony wouldn't be so cruel as to stand Steve up on purpose, would he? Steve couldn't imagine that he would be.
“Hey!” Tony yelped.
Tony started to unwind himself from his extensive layers, laying them out on the bench seat between them. He revealed a mess of damp, brown curls, cheeks pinked with chill and a few days worth of stubble. He looked about twenty-two or twenty-three.
[11:32] Tony: Yeah. I can’t explain it in text.
“Really?” Tony brightened. “Awesome. I’ll order us a really fancy breakfast in the morning. We can eat it naked.”
"I'm not the one who thinks it's weird. Steve is. And I figure you're more likely to take my side of things."
“I hope not,” Tony replied. He closed his eyes, and when he opened them again, the sheets were cold stone and Steve was gone.
Steve kissed him, his peanut butter toast crumbs and Tony’s coffee mixing together, and if it were anyone else, Tony would have worried they’d regret once they woke up fully. But he couldn’t imagine regretting anything that felt so right.
Steve skidded to a halt in front of the first stall where the door was flung open and the water pounded down, still hot even after five hours. Steve reached out and turned it off, more on autopilot than anything. When he stepped inside the stall to reach for the tap, something crunched under his foot, and he looked down to see the tiles around the drain were bent and cracked, the drain cover gone completely. He crouched and ran his fingers over the tiles. They were bent
“It looks lumpy,” Bucky announced, pulling Steve out of his reminiscence.
“It’s not fair,” Tony sighed.
Square: Identity Reveal
"But, um," Steve's voice broke, and the back of his eyes heated. Was it too early to blame that on hormones? "But I took a test three days ago, and another one yesterday, and another one today. And… they were all positive," he croaked out. "I'm pregnant."
“Hmm,” Bucky said.
Tony grimaced but nodded. Steve left for the gym, waving to Janet on the way out. It was almost five minutes before Tony showed up. “Please tell me you really want to spar.”
“Oh my god, Tony, Tony, please - please don’t -” Steve ripped the faceplate off the armour and dragged Tony’s limp body to his side. He bent down over him and the barest puff of air on his cheek made him nearly sob with relief. “JARVIS, override code 83759,” he whispered down by Tony’s ear where the AI would hear him.
Rating: T
"But you're in love with him too, you said so."
“If you really don’t want this to go public,” Bucky said, “then we’ll find another way to explain the kiss. But if we’re coming out, we’re coming out all together. I can’t possibly tell the world I love Steve but not get to say I love you, too.”
"Shit." Bucky darted up and peeked over the crate. "I see four of them!" he shouted, loud enough to be picked up by the boom. Back behind cover, he hissed at Tony, "It's not that I don't want to hang out with you."
Steve couldn’t help laughing too. “We’re not going to die, I can get us out.” But when he tried to brace his hand on the floor to push up, the tension of the sheet caught and he slipped, landing fully on Tony and rubbing their naked bodies together.
But when Bucky came out of shower to check on Tony, clean and fresh and beautiful and wearing nothing but a towel… Well, Tony found it in himself to forgive his overinvolved AI.
Steve dropped his focus back down to the first man. He had his hands folded in front of him, leaned back in his chair, but bright eyes transfixed by Natasha's performance. Steve wondered how often Bucky and Sam had to chase off would-be admirers who came up to the stage after the show, thinking that just because she was a performer, she was somehow public property.
“There was a complication with the chemo. They had to put him in a medically induced coma.”
"Well. Shit."
The man grinned. "Maybe I already did."
Steve checked his watch again. The takeout was almost cold, the rest of the team long since departed, and Tony still hadn’t appeared. Steve huffed a sigh and poked at the styrofoam containers he’d tucked to the side to save for Tony. He sat in indecision for five more minutes before giving up and stacking the boxes in his arms. At the very least, he could put them down in Tony’s mini-fridge and JARVIS would remind him to eat them tomorrow.
Greg smiled at him, condescendingly, indulgently. “Well, though I am one, it doesn’t actually take a genius to decipher the way you look at my brother.”
the one massaging from the outside matching it in intensity. Tony tried to bite back a moan but the tentacle that had briefly released his mouth was back, pressing between his lips, and the moan spilled out anyway. Humiliation flushed through him at the thought that Steve was watching all of this, only a few feet away, but the arousal burned so hot in his core that he couldn't use the rush of shame to still his writhing body.
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Tony huffed and pulled up a seat. He stuck a spoon in the ice cream and frowned when it wouldn’t break through the frozen-solid surface. “Ugh.”
They fell into exhausted silence for a moment, the truck humming along the quiet road. Steve snuck a few glances towards Tony, catching the soft smile that settled on the corners of his mouth. His tongue darted out and brushed along his lower lip, and Steve’s breath caught. There was something about this guy…
Tony huffed. “I am very, very aware of how freezing it is, Steve. I’m calling an owlologist and an eviction lawyer tomorrow, first thing in the morning, and we’re getting those damn birds out of the chimney. I’m not eating cold, canned ravioli again. And I was hoping that I’d be using your naked body for more than huddling for warmth this weekend.”
Tony sunk his head down, swallowing Steve’s cock until his nose hit Steve’s zipper. His throat muscles clenched with vise-like heat, rippling. He sucked then pulled back, swirling his tongue around the head of Steve’s cock as he popped off.
“Oh, it’s Steve, actually.”
“How about, instead, you take a shower, and I’ll get the broom out.” Tony stepped a little closer, chewing the corner of his lip. “And then maybe I could hold the flour bag steady while you measure?”
“You don’t have to do that, Thor,” Natasha said. “We’ll all help.”
Who was he kidding? It’d be extremely creepy to barge into the store and start hitting on one of the employees - it’d have to be the latter.
“Wait. Hottest guy?” Steve shot Tony an incredulous look as he dug out his books and slammed his locker shut.
“What? Me? Oh no. That’s not going to be our problem.”
“Oh, I didn’t mean Steve’s boyfriend. I meant the death-lasers in your eyes at the sight of them together. Or maybe I just haven’t been paying attention?”
“No!” Steve reached towards him then stilled himself when Tony flinched back. “Shit, I’m doing this all wrong. Mark’s not my boyfriend.”
Tony was silent for a long time then his eyes flicked up to meet Steve's. "I… someone died," he said quietly. "He wasn't my dad, but in some ways he was more a dad to me than my real dad. He raised me, mostly. I wanted to go home for the funeral but my actual dad said my studies were more important."
Dom Steve, Sub Tony, Bondage, Gags, Orgasm Control, Praise Kink.
Sweat: Water, lactic acid, urea, sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium.
Tony didn’t quite smile, but he softened, like he’d let out a tense breath and was breathing easily again. Steve slung the blanket around Tony’s shoulders and settled on the bench swing next to him, letting out his own breath when Tony wrapped the blanket around his shoulders too and curled up close beside him. Steve rocked the swing softly, the way Tony had been, and tucked one arm around his waist, pulling him in even closer. He buried his face in Tony’s hair and breathed in. “I’m so sorry.”
Then he watches as the puzzle pieces click together. “Oh my god, it was you.” Steve slaps a hand over his mouth.
“Gross,” Bruce said from his seat in the corner. “We don’t want to know.”
Tony's head tilted to the side.
“Tony?” Steve whispered in his ear. “We’re taking you home.”
“Oh! Even better. Come in.”
about dinner instead.
“Oh. Okay.” Tony rocked forward and their lips met.
Tony’s hand curled around Steve’s hip then slipped lower, and Steve sighed into his shoulder. He arched back, tried to get a handhold again, slipped again, and was set off into uproarious laughter again.
Steve watched Tony lead Bruce out of the library and down to the garage.
“Hello,” he said. “I can’t remember what I ordered.”
“I know you can hold off a little longer, baby. I know you can.”
Steve ran up the front steps to the apartment building, his mail key already in his pocket. He shoved it in the lock and swung the door open, heart pounding.
And for the first time in a long time, Tony smiles and it reaches all the way up to his eyes.
He squeezed back.
Bucky looked over at him.
“Not stop what?” Tony begged, almost shaking in his bonds. “Steve - Steve - not stop what - what are you - oh
He shot Clint a withering look then chucked the spoon towards the sink. It ricocheted off the faucet handle with a power that would have impressed Tony if he hadn’t been so pissed off. With a loud “ping” both the spoon and the now broken faucet handle flew into the air, skittering across the counter. Tony glared at it, absolutely done. He turned on his heel and marched away towards the back stairs before Steve could catch him, hearing Clint muttering, “Handling it really well, I see,” behind him.
Cover art for
Steve gets a text.
“Okay, now I want a divorce too.” Nat heard the smack of a kiss.
Greg laughed again. “I must admit, it is gratifying to know that I was right about you, Captain.”
Tony and Bucky’s relationship hadn’t been simple or straightforward, but after all living together at the compound for the past three years, Steve had seen a shift. Antagonism turned to begrudging acceptance, turned to friendly affection, and finally, now… well, Steve had his suspicions.
“Oh no!” She rested a hand on Steve’s arm, and Tony glared at it, willing it to burst into flames. It didn’t. “Tabitha, please. And not at all, Steve. It was a
Steve realized he was still holding Tony’s wrist. He didn’t let go. “I’ve always liked you, Tony. You’re the one who doesn’t like me.”
Bucky grinned. "Wow."
Thanks to Lena for the idea! <3
“That’s amazing.” He eyed up the rooftop garden. It really was. He’d never thought to do anything with this space, but it was nice to think that the tower was helping create something good. Tony gestured towards the bees. “You going to introduce me?”
. So much. I know I shouldn’t, but I do. I never should have told you, though. I should never have taken you out, kept calling you. It’s too dangerous. My life is too dangerous.”
“Some of you are going to have to share,” Laura said, offering the table an apologetic smile.
“Thank you so much.” Steve blushed and all but batted his eyelashes. Tony took a long blink to cover up his eye roll.
“I know, I know.” Tony pulled him close, kissing his forehead. “I love it, by the way, beautiful. Inspired. Aaaand, it can wait.”
Steve laughed, Tony bouncing a little as his chest rose and fell. “Alright, perfect. I just - uh - I have to run upstairs. Brush my teeth and stuff.”
Nothing.
“Do what?”
“Here,” a voice said, just out of reach. Something bumped Steve’s lips so he parted them. A straw slid between, and he sucked carefully.
Thanks for reading!
“Steve! We have to talk!” Tony yelled over the noise of battle.
"Sorry,” Tony said, not letting go.
“And the room’s ready?”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
This one is for Ironlawyer, who prompted the Rush Hour Crush ad in the MCU chat and caught me. Thanks! I hope you like it <33333
Tony reached out and snagged Steve’s belt then dragged him backwards out of the stinger zone. “Don’t be stupid. This is amazing. Of course I don’t mind. And, no, I’m not allergic, but I’d still prefer not to get stung. Shouldn’t you have one of those mesh hats?” Tony tapped Steve’s bare forehead then dipped in to steal a kiss before he could answer.
Tony was sitting on the couch flipping through his emails on a tablet when Steve called out, ”Hey, Tony?” from the kitchen.
This was why he and Bucky used to go to the Stark Expo. This was what saving the future was all about. Utterly incredible.
He could do it alone.
“Hallucinogens,” came Clint’s voice from the hallway. “They were torturing him. Probably trying to break his mind so he’d tell them anything they wanted. Maybe even become a vessel for complete brainwashing.”
For Happy Steve Bingo
>> Happy Anniversary
“I saw a coat closet on the way in…” He turned his devastating smirk up towards Steve. “Wanna trade back?”
Square: End of the World
Steve held his breath and focused on the tiny sound, a smooth, tinkling melody. When the music didn’t stop, but no explanation for it appeared, Steve tossed his finished book aside and stood up. He kept his footsteps quiet as he followed the delicate sound. It led him down the hallway, past the kitchen and to a turn he’d never peered around before. At the end of the hall was an open door with three stairs leading down from it.
Subject SR-616 is not responding to the AOGKR-5 as quickly or dramatically as TS-616. A second, larger dose has been administered. This is contrary to the dosage calculations performed by Outreach Team YYY-6. Note: Either a larger sample size is needed to study drug effects or subject SR-616 is an outlier.
For the square "Time Travel" and the challenge "Tower of Babel"
Steve struggled as hard as he could, feeling a bone pop in his wrist as he twisted against the cuffs, but they shocked him with every movement, and, eventually, fighting against the endless jolts of electricity sent Steve limp in his attackers’ arms. “Don’t do this.”
“Um, yeah. A binary star, actually, a pair of them. I just… I want you to know that’s - that I - I think of us like that? Two stars, bound together, relying on each other. It’s stupid, I know, but I couldn’t think of anything else that felt… right.”
Rating: T
Steve smiled then shook his head. “What?”
“Of course I would. I love every version of you. But it would be very odd to be the older one.”
Tony took his briefcase and left, his feet tapping up the stairs. Steve took his seat. "You okay?" he asked.
“Steve if you’re feeling this, we have to regroup and make a new plan. There’s only -”
“Yeah, but we’ll have leftovers that we’ll need during unpacking. Plus it’s the only scientific way to approach this. We’re in a new neighbourhood, and we need to know which is the go-to Chinese takeout place. It’s critical.”
If only Steve felt the same way about him. If only Tony could be the support he needed when things like this happened. But no, Steve didn't want him.
Steve pushed the apartment door open and stared. The pounding bassline he’d heard in the hall wasn’t the neighbours after all, but his own boyfriends listening to “You Can Leave Your Hat On.”
He turned to find the man himself standing there, wrapped in a fuzzy robe and blinking lazily in the light from the vent hood. “Couldn’t sleep?” Steve asked.
He thought about the phone for the nine millionth time. He wasn’t sure if he was more scared that Steve would answer or that he wouldn’t, but Tony didn’t know what he’d do either way so it remained untouched in the bottom of his suitcase.
"You can't possibly want me like this." Steve crossed his thin arms over his bony chest.
Steve tugged him down and pushed in as deep as he could, thrusting in and out as he fucked Tony with his tongue, slipping out every few thrusts to lick around the rim again and keep Tony on the edge but unable to tip over.
Steve choked again and pressed both hands over his face. He knew he needed to move, find food and shelter, figure out what state the world was in, hopefully find his way back to whatever was left of his home, but the thought of Tony curled him into a ball against the cryo chamber and drew a hacking, breathless sob out of his chest.
Tony blinked at him, a fry stuck halfway to his mouth. “Was I not clear? I like your art. I’ve been trying to catch you for weeks, now, but no one would tell me who you are.”
Steve stared remorsefully at the empty toaster, and Tony got up and grabbed his elbow.
“What?” Steve was frowning now.
"Because it matters to me that you get along," Tony hissed out. "Because I want both of you in my life. Because I have
Steve screeched to a stop and stared. “What’s this?”
Tony startled up to find Steve standing in the doorway. “Did you forget something?”
He closed his hand around his cock, stroking once, slow and firm, his hand still slippery with the soap. If it were Steve there, it would feel different, his hands bigger, stronger, but also softer, the serum healing any roughness or calluses. Tony's hand moved faster now, water dripping in his mouth as it fell open. Steve would press him back against the shower stall, an endless wall of slick, wet skin and -
Now in Chinese! Thank you to lovestony3000 for translating!
Tony nodded and shifted around with a wince.
His lips were bright red and wet, and he was grinning, eyes dancing. Tony clamped his legs together and slumped down on the bed, still shaking. His hole was wet with Steve’s spit, clenching around nothing as he floated through the aftershocks. “Steeeve,” he whined, fingers opening and closing helplessly.
"Well, you can sneak up behind people and see which way they swipe." Steve smirked.
"Okay, okay. Thank you." Tony let his eyes fall shut as the sensations covering every inch of his skin became too much to ignore again. "This isn't going to ruin our friendship, is it?" Tony managed with a choking laugh.
There were butts that inspired even the least creative in the world to suddenly spout sonnets, and this butt was one of them. It was full but firm, perfectly curvy, not too in your face, but obviously formed with great care, time, and a lot of squats.
Steve knew there was a chance it wouldn’t last forever, that he’d be caught in the crossfire if it did start to break down. But right now, his two best friends were happy, together, and that was all he needed.
Tony tried to find a hint of real blush on Bucky's cheeks, but he couldn't tell if it was there under the caked-on foundation. They'd been flirting off set almost as long as they'd been lovers on set, and this movie was a long filming schedule. A lot of it was special effects, which Tony was rarely involved in, besides pestering Anya about how the explosives were made, but his scenes all involved either pretending to shoot someone or making out with Bucky.
“I know, but this’ll only take a minute,” Steve pleaded. “FRIDAY says it’s going to be cloudy soon.”
“Iron Man! I need extraction!” Clint called, and Tony fired off again, swooping through the sky. JARVIS muted his mic so he could spill forth a volley of curses that would make even Fury blush.
He tried again.
From: c.everhart@whih.com
“You were supposed to fix me,” Tony mumbled, more to the carpet than to Steve. He set the mug aside and leaned back against the desk, hands gripped over the edge.
Steve advances on him, and Tony can’t help taking a stumbling step backwards, but Steve catches him by both shoulders and holds on tight. He gets up close in Tony’s space. “It was you,” he finally breathes.
Semen: Unknown
“Hey Tony.” Steve hovered awkwardly in the doorway. “Is this a bad time?”
Steve caught his wrist and eased it back down. “You’re okay, Tony.”
The guard stepped away and revealed Tony, surrounded by men and women in suits, looking over his sunglasses at the situation. At the sight of Steve, his mouth dropped open for a moment, then he frowned. "Uh…"
A reminder to send prompts to our ask boxes on tumblr. We're still accepting them, but it's much easier if you send them there instead of putting them in comments. If you comment your prompt, it'll probably get lost, sorry :(
Subject SR-616 has been injected with AOGKR-5.
“Yes, please.”
“I don’t care,” Steve said. “Anything.”
"...If you have stuff to say… you could say it to me?"
“Okay!” Clint shouted. He tapped his drumsticks together.
Tony’s hand flexed around the wood frame, fingers digging in painfully for a moment. “You can’t skip, Steve. I’m still going to remember that shit tomorrow.”
Tony quirked an eyebrow. “That’s nice.”
A melancholy bassline wound through, shifting the melody down, even overpowering it at times. Steve’s hands clenched into fists in his lap. He couldn’t breathe.
“Yes.” Steve’s teeth chattered.
Meet Cute, Domestic, No-Powers AU, College AU.
"Yup." Tony took his mark, and Bucky settled in beside him. They were tucked behind two crates, guns in hand, while the bad guys shot at them. Most angles would be quick flashes of arms and hands and the tops of their heads. Tony gave Bucky a look while he waited for the go order. "Good morning."
“We did,” Steve growled.
He breathed him in. Tony always smelled like heated metal and vermouth. No matter what. It was steadying, grounding. Steve was sure if he went blind he would still be able to find his way back to Tony.
Firm arms pushed in between Tony’s body and the freezing stone. He was lifted into the air.
“Oh.”
- “Oh shit.”
"Just this once, okay?" Bucky begged. "Please?"
De-aged Tony, Tony in his 20s, Established Relationship, Fluff, Cute, Some Tony Feels.
Tony’s eyes sprung open and he sat up with a gasp, lurching into Steve’s arms. Steve cried out and held him close, sobbing with relief.
Challenge: None
“Yours,” Bucky and Steve said in unison.
Tony pressed his hands against the glass, barely resisting the urge to follow with his forehead. The new bond inside him burned with need, a need to be acknowledged, to be completed. But it couldn’t be.
The video cut off. Tony slammed the laptop shut.
Strangers, Meet... Sexy?, Blowjobs, Hitchhiking, Road Head, Naughty, Unsafe Sex.
“Okay.”
“Oh, how nice.” Steve’s stomach was all in knots just from being around Tony. “I’ve never been to the opera.”
“I called to wish you happy birthday.”
Being at prom
Jan waved goodbye and slipped out, followed by Nat, Thor, and Clint. Steve hovered in the doorway for a moment, so Tony forced a smile.
Steve sighed again. "I'm supposed to be the one helping. Benching me is bad enough, but when it distracts you too -"
Tell me to leave before I meet them. But, I’m here for whatever you -” Steve’s lips twisted around the end of the word, as if they were caught between “want” and “need,” and Tony knew it because he was caught there too. He didn’t want Steve, but he needed him.
“Interesting, no?”
Tony groaned and rolled in bed. His shirt clung to his back with sweat. Steve hated every minute of this. If he could take it from Tony, he would. But the chemo drugs were a necessity to fix the tumour in his head, and his lowered immune system meant he caught other things more easily. Like this flu that had brought with it a terrifying fever. Once Tony recovered from this, Steve was never letting anyone in the house again.
Steve snorted then reached out and wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulders, tugging him in close. “Don’t you dare.”
To: c.everhart@whih.com
Steve took a stuttering step forward, then realized there was a nurse in the room. He opened his mouth, staring wide-eyed at her. He couldn’t ask the question.
"Hmm?"
For my bday prompts for arukou who said "Steve gets very, very stressed out by SHIELD bullshit and Tony decides that he's going to do something to ease that stress. Take that however you'd like."
And it’d be one Steve couldn’t answer. “No. Not - Don’t ask me what that means. Not yet. I can't…”
Tony pondered that thought - complete with flowers, wedding bells, and probably someone’s adorable dog as ring bearer - before informing Steve, “Again, traditionally - and not that I’m set on tradition or anything, but just throwing this out there - people date first before they get married.”
“How much did Stark have to pay you to take his scrawny ass to prom?”
The bad man had a huge cupboard at the end of a long hallway, with tall shelves. And every shelf was full of different magical potions. He walked along the shelf, reading each label with a “no, no, no,” until he came to the right one. “Ah, yes!” He clapped his hands together. “Fall In Love. Just what I need.” After drinking this, Tony wouldn’t be able to disguise how he felt anymore.
For Happy Steve Bingo!
“Mmm, yeah baby, show me how much you missed me,” Tony purred, chuffed at the effect he had on his lover.
“Only if you spend them trying to break up with me.”
From: c.everhart@whih.com
, flickered down Tony’s spine, settled somewhere deep, and his grip slipped. He let go and plunged into pure pleasure, the world going white-hot blackout and then cutting into the fuzzy static of a missing radio station. He thrummed, free-floating and easy, distantly aware of Steve’s cock still plunging in him over and over as he pulsed over his own chest and stomach. Everything else was a sea of sensation he couldn’t put a name to.
Steve looked up sharply and found Tony looking at him intently. "Really?"
Steve’s brow crinkled. “You don’t like him.”
To: c.everhart@whih.com
“Happy anniversary.” Steve finally got his legs twisted around Tony’s in a comfortable way and he tipped his head back onto the pillow and closed his eyes. Tony, finally breathing deeply, stayed sprawled across his chest. “Hey, Tony?”
"You'll always be Cap to me." Tony winked then bent and pressed a kiss to the top of Anthony's head. Then his smile slowly faded to a frown. "Wait. He's not going to sleep right here, is he?"
"Don't tell anyone I'm secretly funny. And I'm not Captain America anymore."
Steve was panting already, his knuckles white on the steering wheel. Tony’s hot, wet throat closed around him again, and Tony started bobbing his head up and down. There was something about Tony being a stranger that sent a fizzling curl of electric pleasure through Steve’s gut. He always played it careful, waited until the third date, but Tony seemed to be about nothing but feeling good, nothing but seizing the moment. And fuck it was a good moment.
In the end, the boy had to grab the dog’s collar and drag her back while she whined and lunged for Tony and Steve. He scolded her gently, and she stopped pulling, trailing along at his heel as he walked away, though she kept shooting looks back at them. Steve hadn’t known that dogs were capable of pouting.
Tony bristled. He wanted the fight now. He wanted to scream and rage and curse Steve for breaking his armour and breaking his heart and breaking up the fucking team. And for being broken - too broken to hold Tony up when his foundation rattled, too broken to fill in the cracks, too broken to fix this. Steve was supposed to fix him, that was how this worked.
for fucks sake. If he just wanted Tony’s body, why hadn’t he said so? Why did he have to lie?
as if something had…
Steve’s eyes narrowed. “But now you’re trying to set me up with Tabitha?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Uh. Okay?"
Steve nodded. “You didn’t have to do that.”
Semen: spermatozoa, amino acids, citrate, enzymes, flavins, fructose, phosphorylcholine, prostaglandins, proteins, vitamin C, acid phosphatase, citric acid, fibrinolysin, zinc, galactose, mucus.
Steve snorted out a laugh. “Of course. I hated you. I thought you being my soulmate was a punishment for something I’d done.”
The bad man had never been so enraged! He spent the entire show staring at the side of Steve’s head, thinking of the ways he could get rid of him - drop him in a volcano or built a robot to shoot him with lasers.
And someday, they’d be reunited.
They sunk down onto the blankets, and Tony stacked pillows up until he could lean back on them, then Steve sat down between his knees and settled himself back against Tony’s chest. Tony tugged the bags of takeout closer. “Okay, so I ordered the same thing from three different places so we could compare and contrast.”
The next morning, Steve found a package on the mat outside his apartment door. Inside were two sets of extremely lightweight boxing gloves, with open fingers and unprecedented flexibility. Steve pulled them on with a giddy grin.
Tony had time for one more volley of curses before the creature pressed a tentacle between his lips, silencing him.
dinner. Not a date. Just dinner. With Steve. Because somehow he'd asked Steve to dinner, and Steve had said yes.
There was movement between Steve’s legs and the last remaining scraps of his uniform were ripped away. The heat of Tony’s bare skin was pressed up against him, shoulders stretching his knees wide. “Tony -” Steve gasped, and then a tentacle curved around his cock, shocking away the rest of his words. More movement, and wet heat was guided down around him.
He took the elevator again, this time to the shared floor beneath the apartments, where the home theatre, and the nerf guns, and the biggest kitchen lived. Here, finally, was bustling with activity. As soon as Tony stepped out, Thor and Clint threw themselves at him, pulling him into a hug. Thor patted him enthusiastically on the back when he pulled away, and Tony stumbled forwards.
“Hi?” Tony tried. “What’s happening?”
“Dangerous volume of particulate matter detected in the tower,” JARVIS replied.
“You looking out for Tony while he’s all discombobulated?” Natasha asked, eyebrow quirking up.
He couldn’t get hard again. He’d barely given Tony any relief. But it was beyond his control. Having Tony writhing in his lap, drooling spit and Steve’s own come back out to drip down over his balls was too much.
Once the thought hits, Steve can’t find the thread of it again, can’t find the end so he can follow it, inch by inch, back to where the idea starts. It’s like, one minute, Tony Stark is his best friend and teammate, and the next minute, the entire concept of loving him has beamed, fully formed, into Steve’s head, and he’s left blinking and stunned.
Steve reeled. This afternoon had taken a wild turn somewhere. Tony’s question was too confusing so Steve said, “Gingerale?” to the waiter and he nodded and walked away.
Suddenly the ice cream tasted like ash in his mouth. Tony shoved the lid on and turned to put it away. Steve would be done making out obscenely in the hallway any minute now and he’d come in and join them. Tony was too tired to cover how he felt; he needed to leave.
Why is this such a big deal?"
“So sorry.” Tony let go. He changed tactics, digging a tennis ball out of his beach bag. He threw it as hard as he could towards the ocean, and Hurricane galloped off after it. “Fuck, I’m so sorry. Are you okay? I wasn’t paying attention and he likes to punish me by being really embarrassing when I forget to throw the ball again.”
There was nothing friendly or brotherly about the arm Cap had slung around Batman’s waist in the image, fingers digging in a little around his hip bone. Bruce Wayne - Tony would laugh at the irony of that if he weren’t so drunk. Wayne had been a friend of his dad’s, and his son was practically Tony’s twin. But Steve hadn’t fallen for Howard, or Tony. He’d fallen for Wayne, back in 1945, and he was still hung up on him now.
“Oh. Um. Well.” Tony could feel his cheeks heating. “Thanks. I guess.”
Tony pondered that for a moment. "Nope. No chance of that. Plus we've already filmed the sex scene for this one. Mostly, it's just a lot of shooting guns now."
Steve swallowed heavily. “I kinda thought it was more than that.”
Tony snorts. “I look like a puzzle put together wrong, but thanks.” He smooths out the sweater that manages to hang down over his thighs but barely passes his elbows. “How’s your nose? You should ice that.”
Steve put his art supplies away under the bed and changed into slacks and a dark blue button-down. He found Bucky sitting on the chair by the door, tying his shoes. Steve grabbed his hat from the hook next to the closet, and dropped it on his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve shook his head. “As long as you’re back by midnight.”
There was something in front of the clock and he couldn’t see it well enough to read it, so he half-pushed up and reached over to clear his view. From this vantage, however, he could see that there was something on the floor. His boyfriends’ pillows?
Tags: Cute, Nonsense, Banter, Secrets, Plot Twist
“Hey, Buck. Good to see you again.” Steve held out a hand and Bucky shook it.
“No. I told you I’m fine.”
Tags: Ultimates, Angst, Hopeful Ending, Illness, Avalon Protocol
“What?”
A cheer went up from the crowd and the guards on either side of Tony shoved him forward.
He could see Steve and Bucky up on the beach. Bucky was sprawled out on a lounge chair, fitted swim trunks hugging his thick thighs, bare chest glistening with sweat. Steve - his beautiful ass on perfect display as he bent over - was delivering a piña colada to his boyfriend.
“Okay.” A shudder rippled down Steve’s spine. He knew he should say no, but Tony was eager and warm and here. And it’d been so long. “Yes,” he breathed. “Please.”
“So, uh, who are you anyway? When I walked by I thought you were Al. He lives back here, doesn’t have anywhere else to go, you know? And people pick on him sometimes. But um…” Steve’s eyes flick down over Tony’s naked body then snap up to a spot about a mile and half over his shoulder. Steve clears his throat. “You’re not Al.”
Together, they ate everything in the basket, leaving a trail of packaging and a pile of happy, full Avengers covering the room. Thor stood first, collecting the wrappers and tossing them back in the empty basket.
Bucky hooked a finger in the waistband of his underwear, back to them, and inched it down to the beat of the song. The curve of his ass started to peek out.
Thanks to sabrecmc whose Celestial Navigation is always an inspiration with these sorts of stories! <3 For Happy Steve Bingo.
And she was. With a little encouragement, Tony reached out and placed his hand on top of the dog’s head. Steve pet her too, trying to show him the best way to do it, and the dog’s tail swished impossibly faster. Her tongue popped out then sucked in again, and she whined softly, wriggling closer to Tony’s knees. Tony screeched, and Steve winced, but it was followed by a cascade of wild, giggly laughter. His joy only drew the dog closer until her head was practically in his lap. He ruffled his fingers through her hair then tugged on her ears.
Square: BDSM
He turned and pointed to another man who was leaning against the side of a bank just down the street. He had blond hair and shoulders for days and was typing something on his phone. "That's my boyfriend," Tony's wallet rescuer explained.
Rating: T
Tony looked up and found Steve watching him with deep, painful longing in his eyes. He schooled it away, locked it up somewhere private, when Tony snapped their gazes together, but he wasn’t fast enough to hide it completely. “Alpha,” Tony whispered, and Steve broke. He stumbled forward and caught Tony in his arms, clutching him to his chest and burrowing into his neck, breathing him in.
Ant's binky increased its speed rapidly and he reached out towards the box with his good hand.
self. Tony was fifty-one again.
Steve watched the snow flick on the windshield. “I am clean,” he offered.
“Ah ha!” Tony grabbed the large, flat cushion then grabbed Steve, pulling him into a kiss. “That’s why I’m going to marry you.”
“Tony.” Tony flashed his most charming smile. “Hey, Steve, wanna make a local friend? I’ll buy you a drink as an apology for letting my wild animal damage the goods.”
A/B/O, Omega!Tony, post-CACW, angst/feels, angry Tony, sad Steve, hopeful ending.
“I love you too.”
“Fucking fantastic,” Steve moaned. “I feel like I’m going to drive off the road. All I can think about is your hot, wet mouth. It’s better than anything I’ve stuck my cock in before. It’s like you were made for this, made for me. Custom made.” That got a full body shudder from Tony. “Like a sex toy,” Steve whispered. “I wish I had something like you all the time, here in my truck, to take care of things when it gets too lonely on these long drives. God I - ah -“ Steve twisted in his seat, his hips rocking up without his permission. Tony felt so good, fucking his own face with Steve’s cock, bobbing up and down, spit dribbling down between Steve’s legs. All Steve had to do was thrust up and he could feel more of him, get that perfect, rough friction he craved.
Rated: T
Where was he? Captain Rogers - that was all Tony knew about him, really, his name - was supposed to arrive ten minutes ago, and surely the first thing he’d want to do was meet Tony, right? Maybe he didn’t care. Maybe this was just a marriage of convenience and he wouldn’t be at all interested in Tony.
Steve looked up and Tony met his eye. "Are you?"
They fit perfectly.
“To what?”
“You could have saved us.”
Instead, he got a good hold of something else.
Tony lay a hand flat on the counter and leaned in. “I have a good memory too. The last time I ordered black with two sugars was two and a half weeks ago.”
The bad man put together a basket, with fancy chocolate. He wrapped a new label around the potion label to make it look like a fancy, exotic drink, then tucked it in among the food. Perfect. He sent the basket to the tower with “Tony” written on the card in ornate gold lettering.
The receptionist typed on his computer for a moment. "And your name?"
> Memory…
Steve shifted in his seat. Was Tony making fun of him? “Some of them… weren’t so flattering.”
(Originally
Tony sighed. "Statistics makes fools of us all."
“Oh, Steve, you complete idiot. I don’t like you. I love you.”
“Hey, Steve?”
“Fuck.” Steve shot him another look. “Are you - do you -?”
“I hope so.”
Tony leaned in a little closer. "Since we got to cut out of work early…" he pressed his lips to Steve's, and Steve jerked back, startled.
“Tony?” he asked.
Tony studied Steve's face for signs of a lie. His mouth twisted awkwardly, and he was holding his shoulders to tightly, up around his ears. The flush to his cheeks made it look more like embarrassment than anything else. "Steve…"
“Leave it, Stark.”
Square: Pirates
“Oh no, I want to. It’s just, like, you know that moment when you’re about to jump out of a plane and you wish…”
Bucky heard Steve giggle, and he grumbled, "I hate both of you."
"I don't want to be just me, though. I wanted all three of us, together."
But then Steve dabbed again, and he started to reveal Ant's palm underneath the smeared blood. Tony let out a slow breath of relief. The cut was barely more than a scrape. It had welled up with blood from Ant squeezing and releasing his hand, but the actual injury was hardly anything. Steve dabbed more, folding the paper towel to a clean side, while Tony hushed Ant gently and pressed distracting kisses to his forehead. The kisses turned into raspberries as Ant's sobbing calmed into hitching breaths, and when Tony blew against his temple, he got the barest huff of a giggle.
“Everything about you is a good thing.”
“And you lied about not loving me because you didn’t want me to get hurt?”
"What?"
“That would work.” Steve nodded. “I really liked doing that one.”
“Are you really going to be jealous of a one-year-old, Tony?”
“It’s okay, Tony. It’s all going to be okay. I’m coming to get you.”
The bad man wanted to court Tony, show him how much he cared for him, but he wasn’t sure how. He searched the internet high and low and decided to send Tony a present to show him his regard.
“Me too. But we can do this. We can all do this. Together.”
Steve's expression collapsed then twisted up into something new: surprise. "Really?"
Tags: Love Letter, Secret Relationship, Marvel's Magazine, Pirates, Captain Namor
With the gang all gathered together, they both carefully didn’t mention their fight, sticking to the topic at hand, but Steve could feel Tony’s words burning in the back of his mind. He cringed when he remembered the anger that had welled up within him. It wasn’t fair to take it out on Tony - Tony had no idea what the witch had shown Steve. And he’d have to tell him, eventually, but he didn’t want to. He knew how Tony would take it. That Steve wasn’t happy in his new life, Steve wanted to go back, to go home.
Tony smiled and shook his head. "So what's your story, Free Hugs?"
“What do you charge?” Tony repeated.
“Oh my god,” the man whimpered, tipping forward to take his son’s hand in his. “Shit, Peter.” He sunk down into the chair next to the bed and pressed his forehead down against the boy’s side.
Tony slipped inside and shut the door behind him. "You okay?"
“Right. Of course. Good - uh - good luck with that.” Tony shot Nat a little wave then stepped back so Bruce could close the door again.
So. The plan, at its best, was not well fleshed out, but Steve was good at thinking on his feet, and the biggest obstacle, it was clear, was going to be getting access to Tony in the first place.
And Steve knew they really should spend the night back at the apartment where half their stuff still lived, where their bed and coffee maker were, but they owned this house now, and he wanted to spend their first night as homeowners in the house they owned, as silly as it was. He tugged his shiny, silver key out of his pocket and sighed. “Yeah, I wanna spend the night here. It’s stupid, though. It’s a Wednesday and neither of us will get and sleep, and then we’ll be unpacking exhausted…”
"Oh...oh. That's awful."
“Okay… why did you hate ‘Dream Tony’ so much?”
Steve looked down at the box again. It sure looked easy. But they only had time to make this once, and if it didn’t work, Tony would come home to nothing. “I just really want everything to be perfect.”
“What are you doing, darling?” Tony murmured into the dark of their bedroom.
Because Time Cop, or Mr. Clocks, or Cogsworth, or whatever he’s calling himself, had a brilliant idea to yeet Captain America back to 1941 so he could meet himself and collapse the timeline. Or something. Tony’s not sure it was a foolproof plan, as far as villain plans go, but he’s also not sure that someone wearing a cuckoo on his head really has a firm grip on reality. But, unfortunately, he did have a firm grip on quantum physics, because his Time Bomb had been startlingly effective. Except for the part where Tony’s naked, but maybe that was always part of the plan.
Steve curled his lip. "Why would I wanna do that?"
The two layers were obviously different size, and the top one was slipping precariously to the side. The icing was too thick on the top and too thin on the sides, pooling down to make a little bulging skirt of icing on the plate. The decorations were haphazard at best, uneven, crooked, half little more than shapeless blobs, half twisting off to the side. Steve had tried to write “Happy Birthday” in the middle of the circle of flowers but it looked more like “4appp B#rhyy”
He had his dark blue and black plaid flannel rolled up to the elbows, and the forearms revealed were a mess of paint and ink stains.
Steve twisted around and flung his shield sideways into a robot. It shattered into a million pieces. The fight was going fine - the team was holding together pretty well - but it wasn’t the same without Iron Man.
For my bday prompts for beautifulmonster who wanted Steve realizing he was in love with Tony.
“Tony… I’m so sorry.”
“I need a spell cast,” the very bad man said.
Steve ordered for both of them and when they had their coffee and their treats they settled down on either side of the booth. Tony picked at his brownie, forehead deeply furrowed. "Do you want to talk about it?" Steve asked.
“Hey!” Nat snapped, and they both froze, staring at her. “Hey, guys. Take a breath.” They both breathed in and then out in comic synchronicity. “You’re going to be great. The baby’s going to be great. Sophie’s going to be the greatest of all. You’ve got your go bag?”
This is a recording of a live fic reading I did on the PotS server. Thank you to everyone who joined for listening! This is an unedited live read, so apologies for any stumbles or sounds of ratties ticking their water bottle in the background! :D
Tony's eyebrow went up, incredulous. "Nothing?"
"Steve." Steve shook his hand. He was blinking too much.
Steve Rogers
Fluff and cuddles!
For TSB - "Cuddling" and StarkBucks FREE
just friends and you
Rated: T
“Oh, fuck.” Steve slapped a hand over his mouth. “I’m so sorry.”
He wouldn’t mind if it stopped itching though!
"I'll be fine. It's a mystical poison, not a cold." But Steve leaned in, breathing in the steam from the soup.
“Uh. Okay. Wow.” Tony blinked at Steve until he turned to go, still grinning. “Wait, Steve?”
Once upon a time, a very bad man wanted Tony Stark.
Warning for BUTTS
"I didn't think it was really you," Steve explained again, holding up his phone. "I thought it was a fake profile."
"I've been working on a new song," Bucky said.
friends."
Steve cupped the back of Tony’s hands then brought them together between his. “Do you know what I can still feel?”
“If you’re going to call the police, I’d rather you just get it over with.”
“Thanks, Tony.” She kissed the cheek of the Iron Man armour before she ran off towards their enemy.
Steve shifted even closer, and Tony watched helplessly as a tentacle would around his cock too. Steve cursed and tensed, his mouth falling open and his eyes slipping closed and oh god - no - that was too much. Tony arched his back, his whole body tensing as he tried to hold off, but he couldn't. The tentacles kept stroking his skin and the length in his ass undulating against his prostate, the coil around his cock squeezing and pulling. Tony tried not to, but his body was out of his control. He swore profusely and came hard, still somehow producing enough come that it splattered over Steve's perfectly shaped abs.
Steve took two breaths then slowly rose to his full height, shoving into Brock’s space and making him stumble backwards into Justin. “If you have a vested interest in your own health and well-being, you’ll shut your mouth right now and fuck right off. Even if Tony weren’t my boyfriend - with a fantastic ass, by the way - I don’t like bullies, and I don’t like the shit you two assholes pull. You’d better leave Tony alone. After paying out on your stupid little bet, of course.”
“And why shouldn’t I?” he said haughtily. “It’s a living.”
Thank you ashy for beta!
instead? Peggy had been wrong when she told Steve he didn't know how to talk to women. The truth was, he didn't know how to talk to anyone he liked, so the fact that he and Tony were friends at all was kind of a miracle.
Tony could see Steve hesitate, the way he curled in on himself as if he could make himself disappear, but then his Steve Rogers Fight came back and he uncurled. He nodded. "Yes. That sounds good."
[11:37] Steve: But I can’t wait to hear your voice, Tony.
Steve’s smile shifted into a smirk, and he tried fluttering his eyelashes down at his fiancé. It worked - he got a smile back. “I’m glad you are, though.” He tipped forward off the ladder, and Tony’s arms wrapped around his waist and lifted him easily to the floor. Steve popped up on his tiptoes to kiss him. “I just really want to get this mural done or we’ll be unpacking around wet paint for ages. We can’t move the bed in until we have the headboard up and we can’t put the headboard up until -”
= "me too" **
"Come. Home."
“It's… it’s bad for you guys.”
Steve was standing over one of the dog houses, his back to Tony, his hips shaking softly side to side in a samba beat Tony had taught him last time they’d gone dancing. Tony wanted to watch him, but he wanted to touch him more. “Steve!”
“Well, actually,” Steve added, “I’m kind of hoping I do. Now.”
Tony wasn’t surprised when the basket arrived. There was always someone trying to court his business, earn his attention, from small startups to huge international corporations. They loved to send fancy gifts and food - though there had been more than usual lately. Something interesting must have been happening in the stock market, he supposed.
Steve’s arms tightened around Tony’s back, and the baby sighed and tipped his chin onto Steve’s shoulder. “We can go back to the park tomorrow. Maybe we’ll see Mike and his dog again, huh?”
But there would be strong arms waiting for him, at arrivals, strong, open, grasping arms that would tug him in close, suffocate him in affection. Lips that would burrow into his hair, find his forehead and kiss it, over and over. There would be a hand in his, all through the drive home, and, for the first time in five weeks, a chest under his cheek as he fell asleep that night.
"It's temporary," Tony assured him. "My fridge is almost back to normal already. Just ears and a tail left. It shouldn't last long."
Tony held up a shaky finger. “Yeah, okay. Half an hour, forty if the roads are bad. Yup. Okay.” He hung up. “Oh my god.”
Steve startled back from the wall, the spray can in his hand falling to the ground with a rattle. “Shit!” He spun around, ready to give the speaker a piece of his mind, but when his mouth fell open, no sound would come out.
“They don’t like each other at first.” The chords became harsh and discordant, arguing back and forth, bitten-off and ice-tinged. “But things start to get better…” And sure enough, the music started to shift, slowly but surely, into order from chaos.
“That’s okay. You don’t need to talk.”
fun for a film set. He was supposed to be distant and impartial - impersonal. But
“I thought you and Jan broke up?” Clint asked.
Steve shakes his head. “I’m not. I just can’t leave well enough alone. Or so I’m told.”
Steve opened his mouth then closed it. Opened it again. “You really think you can beat me?” He crossed his arms, flexing his biceps, and smiled when Tony traced their twin bulges with his eyes.
At least this would keep Tony from wandering off and doing something reckless.
Steve had started the tradition shortly after everyone had moved into the tower. Tony had never quite gotten a straight answer out of him as to why it was so important, but it clearly was. Steve had tipped headfirst into holidays at the tower, and the whole team was happy to indulge him. This particular one, however, made Tony squirm a bit. He didn’t mind being the life of someone else’s party, but ones revolving around him were the kind he rarely showed up for.
Steve swiped left a little too violently.
[11:24] Steve: Tony?
“He could sit in your lap.”
“It’s not because the team needs us,” Tony said, moving closer.
, that was the best thing Tony had ever felt.
Tony’s not the kind of person Steve expected to fall in love with, back in time, when he was small and hopeful and waiting. In fact, Tony’s pretty much the opposite. But when Steve looks at the history of people he
Tony’s hands found Steve’s hair and ruffled through it. “I’m sure you would have gotten used to it.” Tony sighed. “You can’t tell me it wouldn’t be nice for you to be in a relationship with someone closer to your own age.”
The sex was
The kitchen was empty.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
Challenge: Wayback Machine "Praise Kink"
The guard frowned. "If you have a personal relationship with Mr. Stark, you can use his private number to dial in over on the kiosk over there and get a guest badge."
Tony blinked awake to grey-blue eyes staring down at him. He stretched, snuggling down further in the blankets. Steve’s cold, marble skin robbed the heat from the room, but with enough blankets, it was worth it to get to share a bed with him.
Steve turned, surprised, when he heard his name, and jumped to his feet. Tony’s smile was infectious, and it wasn’t long until he was smiling too.
Steve blinked up at Tony’s face as Tony’s fingers slipped lower and Steve felt a dangerous rush of blood. “Tony,” he shook his head with a smile. “What are you doing?”
Warning: None
He tugged the case out and opened it again. What if Captain Rogers preferred yellow gold? Or didn’t like sapphires?
“Yes.”
His bones creaked as he stood, but the serum was doing its job, and he was only a little dizzy when he stumbled across the lab. The door was locked, but when he tugged hard, one foot braced against the wall, the mortar around the lock crumbled to dust and the door sprung open. An explosion sounded in the distance.
By the time Matthew Broderick was busting out of NORAD, Tony was seething. The two of them were watching the movie, but also leaning over to whisper in each other’s ears, intertwined on the loveseat they were sharing.
They started to move more earnestly now, and it took a moment for Steve to realize they were getting him lined up, hips close to Tony. They lifted Tony's legs and tied them around Steve's waist, the slick brush of the tentacles a sharp contrast to the searing burn of Tony's overheated skin. It was pretty obvious what they were positioning him for. "Tony, I'm sorry. I wish it didn't have to be this way."
[12:24] Steve: Please.
“Very sure.”
This is for my bday prompts for anon who wanted: UltsSteve interaction with Greg.
he’d said.
“Hmm?” Steve rocked them slowly together. “Distracting me from what?”
“Is that what you want?”
Rating: T
Tony’s chuckle turned darker. “Hello, sailor.”
Steve’s expression softened, something far away and a little sad filling his eyes. “I think a lot is exactly what I need. I’m not always easy to live with either, Tony. But I really want to make this work. It means a lot to me that you agreed to this.”
"I thought we
which gets all the credit for this idea!
The bomb explodes.
Tony sighed and crossed his arms, eyeing up the two men. Steve smiled nervously. “I would have eaten it,” Tony said.
Tony hears a noise.
But he didn’t need to. On the next thrust deep with his slick, wet tongue, Steve pushed Tony over the edge. He cried out as white-hot pleasure rocketed through him, starting low in his gut and shooting like fireworks up his spine. His cock throbbed and pulsed, spraying wave after wave of come across Steve’s chest and down to the waistband of his pants.
Tags: Tension, First Kiss, Resolved Tension, Attraction
Tony growled in frustration, jerking and writhing and grinding down on Steve’s face. “God, you’re such an asshole,” he whined. “Evil, horrible, terrible person. I’m - oh god, Steve, please, please, please.”
Fluff, love.
Steve watched quietly while Tony sat with Thor and walked him through the steps to alter his laptop settings. A few minutes later, Jane’s voice rang out through the speakers, and Thor cheered with pleasure. They immediately fell into conversation.
Tony reached out and tugged Steve’s collar between his fingers. “I forgive you,” he said quietly, and Steve tipped forward and folded him in his arms.
Bucky had seemed to like Steve, back when they were doing table reads and getting to know each other. But once they hit location, he started getting awkward every time his name was dropped, avoiding Tony whenever Steve was around, and refusing to hang out if Steve was visiting. Tony knew Bucky would like Steve, if he just gave him a chance, but he was starting to think it would never be. And he still had two months of filming to get through.
Square: Identity Reveal
“No Rhodey, you don’t understand. I’ve checked the whole apartment.” Tony moved the phone to his other ear, clamping it into place with his shoulder. He bent down and peeked under the fridge. “She’s not here. She’s gone. Oh god, I must have let her out when I came in. She must have just snuck right past me and now she’s loose in the city and she’s going to be eaten by a raccoon.”
Tony estinates he has about forty-five minutes before Bruce gets de-Hulked and figures out to cut the other wire. It was a fifty-fifty chance, and he rolled the dice and lost - it happens - but he’d uploaded the reverse engineered schematics to JARVIS before he’d snipped, so if Bruce gets his hands on the bomb, he’ll be able to bring Tony back. Hopefully. Assuming his math is correct.
At least, that was all he could see, until now, when two figures came bursting out of the big bay doors and started stomping through the pristine snow. Steve set his book aside and leaned back in his chair to watch.
“How do we know when he’s broken?” a voice asked.
you?” Steve stares harder, like he can find the answer written on the backs of Tony’s eyeballs.
Anthony's not feeling so hot.
“I’ll go if you want me to,” Steve said softly from where he sat on the bed, radiating stress.
Why wouldn’t anything go to plan?!
Tony let out a breath then wriggled backwards towards the centre of the bed, drawing Steve back with him. He stretched out wide then wrapped himself around Steve, arms and legs, stretching up for another kiss, bare skin pressed tantalizingly close.
“Iron Man.” Steve’s voice echoed through the otherwise empty conference room.
Rating: G
"Good job." Steve worked through the rest of the book, Anthony roaring his terrible roar, gnashing his terrible teeth, rolling his terrible eyes, and showing his terrible claws along with Max and the wild things. By the time Max sailed home, however, Anthony's eyes were getting heavy. He clutched Duck to his chest.
Tags: Major Character Death, Ultimates, Sad, Old Age
But instead he just shifted closer. “Tell me.”
"No, no. It's okay." He tapped the arm of one of the women with him. "Pep, can you take this? I'll catch up with you."
Steve woke up cold and shivery to Tony listing off endless streams of numbers, loud enough that presumably the JARVIS of his dreams could hear him. There was no way Steve was going to fall back asleep, but he didn’t want Tony to wake up alone, so he wrapped a blanket around his shoulders to stave off the chill and staggered out into the living room. He slumped down on the couch and was just starting to drift off when footsteps had him opening his eyes again.
"No problem. What can I do for you?"
“I ordered breakfast and -”
Steve always had a lot to give, filling Tony up so he dripped and spilled when Steve pulled free, but for now, Steve stayed buried deep inside him, folded over to press soft lips to Tony’s chest, locked tight. If Tony closed his eyes, breathed in the scent of sex and sweat and Steve, maybe this moment would go on forever. He was a good boy; he deserved it.
"Tony," he murmured, and Tony's legs tightened around his back, heels digging in as they cascaded off another cliff edge, bound together.
“Yeah. Then he got a scholarship for science school and went off to get smart and then he joined the army. Excellent life choices.”
Team Canon
Tony read the coordinates on the certificate then looked up in the night sky, trying to find them. Steve crouched down a bit and twisted around to sight along his arm. “FRIDAY helped me find it earlier,” he whispered, right in Tony’s ear. “That one - those. It’s two. But from here, they look like one glow.”
In the tower, Tony and Steve whispered to each lowly, sitting close together. Steve winced as Tony treated his wounds, but Tony’s fingers on his skin made the pain worth it. “Thank you,” he said, when Tony was finished.
It was weird light, actually, soft, as if it was a cloudy midday, but it was still early, too early for anything but harsh morning rays. Steve padded down the hall and pushed open Anthony’s door. He could see him clearly, on his back in the crib, holding a foot in each hand and wiggling them slowly back and forth. He turned at the noise, and grinned wide. “Teeeee,” he murmured, holding his arms out, but refusing to stand.
“Yup. Gave most of them a whirl already.” Bucky replied, eyes still on Tony.
On the screen, Bucky watched in horror as his face appeared, the sounds of Tony getting ready for work in the background. A student had recorded the meeting, presumably for their own notes. But they'd caught something else instead.
Rated: T
The thin tendril circled the head of Tony's cock then pressed against his slit again, sinking in a scant few millimeters, but enough to make Tony gasp. The tentacles elsewhere slowed their endless torment of pleasure so all the sensation in his body dialed down until he was focused, laser-tight, on the thin tentacle that was working its way into his dick.
They hung in tense silence for a moment, then Steve finally moved. He stood. “Alright, I’ll go. I’m going to hang around in the bar for a few hours, til it really hits, in case you change your mind. But I won’t come back up. You can text me. I’ll come. You don’t have to justify it, Tony. If you want me to, I’ll stay. I won’t hold it against you, I won’t take it to mean something that it doesn’t. I made a promise to you, three years ago, that I’d be there for you in this, and I’m going to keep it. I can’t lie and say it won’t mean anything to me, to get to hold you again, but as soon as you want me to, I’ll leave.”
Tags: Rated: T, fluff, silly, Easter fic, bunny!Steve, tail and ears, lusty Tony, happy family Avengers.
For Happy Steve Bingo.
Rated: T
Thanks to lupin and ashes0909 for beta! <3
"Course not. Grab a drink. Enjoy his discomfort. I sure as shit am."
They would figure it out in time.
Toni: If you were mine, you know what I'd do to you?
Fic for
It didn't help that Rhodey and Pepper were both out of town, Bruce was too occupied with his own work to hang out, and Tony hadn't had a date in six months. He was frustrated, lonely, and tired. He hadn't even had time to cancel his credit cards, which almost certainly meant there were going to be several TVs and video games charged to his account by the time he got home and called in the loss.
Then Tony’s movements started to become more insistent. The tentacles had clearly given him more freedom than they gave Steve and he was rocking back and forth, mouth open and panting around Steve’s cock. His tiny whimpers and gentle writhing shot a jolt of arousal straight south, and Steve bit his lip hard.
Tony spread his legs wide, and once Steve had slicked his cock, he hooked his arm under Tony’s knee and hauled his leg up with him as he leaned forward to cover him.
Tony considered him for a moment. “Why don’t you just come here after school like normal and we’ll get ready together. I can get you a suit -”
Tony startled up. “What was that?” he demanded. JARVIS had never made that sound before.
(Originally
Tony's rambles were cut off by a stomach churning wail from the living room. Steve levitated off the floor as Tony threw himself back to where he'd left Ant sitting in front of the couch. He was still there, but he was howling - not the dry frustrated yell of not getting enough attention, or the soggy, snuffly whimper of an overtired baby; this was a full on screech of pain or fear.
Tags: Established Relationship, Sickfic, Illness, Hallucinations, Love, Ambiguous/Hopeful Ending
Steve’s hand tightened on the steering wheel and he leaned forward to peer through the growing grey of late afternoon. Sure enough, there was a figure hunched by the side of the road, one mittened hand thrust out towards the cars that whipped past. The figure leapt backwards as a spray of slush sprayed over him, and Steve saw the dejected fall of his shoulders. Steve’s ma had always warned him about hitchhikers, but Steve was 220 pounds of pure muscle now, and he wasn’t too worried.
“My angel…” Steve’s eyes flicker over Tony’s face like he’s re-memorizing what he looks like, and Tony can feel heat flush up into his own cheeks, hopefully hidden by dirt and blood. Steve takes a deep breath, lets it out. “Tony?”
Rating: T
WinterIron, Tony/Bucky, Outsider POV, Steve POV, Fluff, Happy, Steve Loves His Friends.
“Of course, sweetheart.” Steve stepped forward and pulled Tony into a kiss of his own. His lips were warm and soft and they parted easily to let Steve push the kiss deeper. When he pulled back, he touched his forehead to Tony’s. “Happy birthday.”
“Just moved here. I’m a surfer, same with my friends -” Steve gestured to the gang still playing volleyball “- we came here for the winter to train.”
-Pepper
“I - uh - I just feel more comfortable sleeping in pjs. Sorry.”
“I can’t believe this place is really ours,” Tony whispered against Steve’s neck. There were crickets chirping in the distance, and Steve realized there would be all sorts of new sounds to get used to here.
There was too much to process, but Tony kept getting stuck on Steve’s hands in his again. “So… so you do love me? Or…?”
Steve reached up and peeled Tony’s hand away, winding their fingers together. “If we don’t end this year, we can’t start the next. And I have big plans for the next.”
Thank you to Fluffypanda for the idea!
He crossed the room to stand in front of the door. “Steve?” he hissed, but there was no answer.
“I watched you get blown up. I can’t -”
Three, that Bucky would fall head over heels in love with him.
He leaned over and flicked off the light, plunging them into darkness. Nat rolled over once, and less than a minute later, he could hear her breathing soften. It seemed one of her many skills was that she could fall asleep instantly anywhere and awaken perfectly between one heartbeat and the next. It was probably necessary, considering all the bizarre places she’d likely had to find her rest.
“You saved me,” Tony whispered, holding Steve close. And he kissed him, so full of love it almost hurt. Steve kissed him back, and he was never going to let Tony go.
"And I was building a containment unit for a self-magicing staff that Kamala found."
The soft, sweet melody that had drawn Steve here in the first place finally made an appearance, nothing more than a cameo yet, but already as familiar as an old friend to Steve. “Then, one of them starts to feel more,” Tony whispered, his voice carrying over the music easily as it faded into something soft and contemplative.
Nat appeared a moment later, blinking and yawning. She stepped out into the hall and shut the door behind her, with Steve still inside. The look on her face suggested they might be talking for some time.
It felt like a race, suddenly, heady and exhilarating. Could Steve get Tony off with his words and his cock before Tony got Steve off with his mouth?
Tony shifted off his lap and onto the couch beside him. He sighed. "I've always wanted you like this."
"- or if a squirrel goes into a transformer," Tony added cheerfully, now at Steve's side.
"What's wrong?" Steve strapped the buckles across his chest and grabbed his helmet.
Tony sat staring at the windshield for a long time, wishing he'd had the courage to pull into Steve's driveway and go inside with him. But as excited as he'd been to bond with a mate that had a kid, when it came to actually sliding into Steve's ready-made family, Tony found he couldn't pull the trigger.
“Captain Rogers,” Greg replied, as if Steve’s appearance at his own table was a surprise. “How are you enjoying yourself?”
“What?” It was Tony’s turn to blink at him. “Don’t be sorry… that was amazing. That was - uh - that was my first kiss.”
[11:29] Steve: You can call me. I meant what I said. Anything you need.
Natasha hummed, resting her cheek on his chest. “It’s not. But we’re okay.”
“I invited my brother to jam with us,” Clint announced, and the rest of the band groaned.
With Tony and the dog getting along swimmingly, Steve pushed up to his feet and offered the kid his hand. “Steve Rogers.”
"Love you too. Now come eat spaghetti."
Steve beamed. “That’d be lovely.” He followed as Tony set back off up the beach towards the bar, but he leaned close, whispering into Tony’s ear. “Maybe you can give me a little first aid later.”
“Yeah.”
Rating: T
Steve laughed and let himself be pulled. “Alright.”
By the next night, they had a plan.
Tony’s eyes flicked around the room again, the tension a heavy weight in the air. He sighed heavily, but no one seemed to notice. Steve’s legs had tensed up again - whether to fling himself across the table and punch Rumlow or to turn tail and flee for Mexico, Tony wasn’t sure.
“Pff. Sounds boring.”
“Don’t need to talk, huh?”
Tony couldn’t even taste the booze anymore. It just rolled through him, a direct line to his liver, keeping him pickled enough that he couldn’t taste the sourness of his jealousy. He’d been out there looking for him, in the ice. He’d funded expedition after expedition. He’d contributed to the museum exhibits, even set up a scholarship in Barnes’ name.
"Shit," Bucky repeated. "Tony, I'm so sorry. I'm so, so sorry."
The corner of Tony’s lips quirked up. "No? Just big corporate billionaires?”
“Couldn’t sleep either?” Steve asked, yawning.
(Originally
To: tony.stark@starkindustries.com
“No. Yes. I don’t know. Maybe a little. I would have gotten it for you, anyway. But also, yes. Please…”
To: tony.stark@starkindustries.com
The two men shared a look full of apprehension, joy, terror, and unfathomably deep love then scooted out the door, on the way to bring even more happiness into this home they all shared.
Universe: Ultimates
That was enough to urge Steve into action, and he pushed Tony’s leg up higher and began fucking into him in earnest. The new angle meant Steve was pounding relentlessly against Tony’s prostate, and he instantly went from “horny and enjoying himself” to “on the absolute edge of complete destruction.” Leather rubbed a rough patch over the inside of Tony’s thighs, and an endless stream of half-formed babble spilled out of Tony’s mouth. Steve surged up to capture it with his lips, devouring Tony with eager kiss after eager kiss.
For Happy Steve Bingo.
But Steve could see he wasn’t really awake yet, blinking too long and too slow, and sucking steadily at the binky. Steve closed the curtain again and tucked Anthony against his chest, slipping out of the room. He was debating taking him to the couch and reading for a while, letting Anthony wake up on his own schedule before facing breakfast when a soft, “Steve…” wafted out of the master bedroom.
“You need a hand?” Tony couldn’t stop his grin, giddy, still coming down from the panic.
“How?”
Steve protested, desperate to go but not wanting to ruin Tony’s evening, until Tony picked up his phone and called to order another ticket. To their delight, they were able to get the seat beside Tony’s so they could sit together and watch the show. It was sure to be a wonderful evening.
"Have a good day!" Steve said, when he released him.
Tony.
“Uh. Why do you ask?”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
They got ready for bed, putting on a movie before curling up together in Steve’s sea of pillows and blankets. Tony floundered for a bit, trying to get comfortable in the mess, but Steve pulled him close, head nestled against his chest, and he was finally able to drop off, fingers crossed that he wouldn’t start talking in a few hours.
"Shit. I feel like texting my ex," he sighed to no one.
“Charge? …I don’t -”
Tony doesn’t know what to say to all of that, though it’s making tingles run up through his chest and down his left arm. “How come you didn’t recognize me when we finally met in the future?”
“You - uh - ” Steve smirked and his cheeks pinked. “You kind of come in hot. I think I do know you, a little bit. And what I’ve seen I really like. You’ll have a lot of freedom with me, Tony. I’m not going to force you to do anything you don’t want to. You’ll have your own room and your own space. You can go to school again, or get a job, or whatever you want. All I want is for us to be friends. Anything more would be icing on the cake. I'm… I can get lonely. I just don’t want to be alone anymore, whatever that means. I wouldn’t ask anything else of you, promise.” His eyes danced again. “And I’ll make sure there’s only ever one fork at our dinners.”
as he tripped over something. Steve stopped immediately and spun around to find Tony on his knees, wiping grass and mud off his palm. Steve walked back with a sigh and helped him back up to his feet, dropping Tony’s arm as soon as he was steady. He looked down at the ground. “You should go back in…”
The fic: https://archiveofourown.org/works/14806464
Steve didn’t trust the monitor yet. He kept expecting to wake up and find it had died in the night and Anthony had been screaming alone in his room for hours. Or wasn’t there at all. But when they’d moved, Tony had designed and built a special one, and Steve trusted it more than any they’d had before. But it was still hard. He was getting there, though.
"We need the money, bud."
Subject: Re: Care to comment?
From: tony.stark@starkindustries.com
Steve frowned. “What? Do you think we’re going to pretend to just be dating each other in public? And you’re a friend?”
Tony turned down a sidestreet, sighing with relief when a tall, brick building blocked some of the wind. A car rumbled down the street behind him. He just wanted to sit in the bottom of his tub with the wine he was supposed to be drinking with his boyfriend tonight, hot water on full blast and be left alone. But he was still six blocks from home and it was starting to get dark.
(This was originally posted on tumblr, but was missed in the initial archiving of these, oops!)
“You kept track?” Tony asked, then huffed out a half-sigh, half-grunt and shuffled over to the coffee maker for something to do with his hands. He threw his jacket and the flowers on the chair by the bed and pointedly avoided Steve’s eyes. The coffee maker used those stupid one-time use pods, and Tony wrestled with its flimsy design. He picked up a mug and stomped off to the bathroom to fill it with water. Steve stayed quiet, still sitting on the edge of the bed, and let Tony storm around the hotel room.
“What?”
Tony snorted. “The cops? Why?”
Steve’s hand tightened on the steering wheel and he leaned forward to peer through the growing grey of late afternoon. Sure enough, there was a figure hunched by the side of the road, one mittened hand thrust out towards the cars that whipped past. The figure leapt backwards as a spray of slush sprayed over him, and Steve saw the dejected fall of his shoulders. Steve’s ma had always warned him about hitchhikers, but Steve was 220 pounds of pure muscle now, and he wasn’t too worried.
Thor held up the bottle. “This soda had - uh - an unusual fruit in it, from another world. Just wanted to make sure it wasn’t distressing your digestion. You feel the same as always?”
Steve woke with a gasp, smashing his shoulder against the glass of the cryo tube. He panicked for a moment, disoriented, and then the tube opened and he tumbled out onto the floor. The tear that had frozen to his cheek finished its trail down to his jaw, and he reached to brush it away, but his arms were still cuffed behind his back. He ached from head to foot, mouth cottony, and brain muddled. The freezing seemed to have killed the shocker on the cuffs, and without that, Steve was able to brace his elbows against his sides and pull until the metal snapped and his arms released. He gasped as his shoulders protested the change, and he staggered backwards until he hit the cryo tube then stumbled to the floor. The serum pumped through his veins, healing the aches and pains, the wrench in his shoulder, and the cut across his cheek from his struggle with HYDRA.
“I’ll go if you want me to,” Steve went on softly, “but I know you have no choice, and I don’t want you to go through this alone. Maybe you’ve -” Steve’s voice creaked under pressure “- found someone else to help you, in which case,
“What are you doing, darling?” he murmured into the dark of their bedroom.
“We’re not going sledding on my shield. He’s too small to sled anyway.”
“Yes, exactly! Steve gets it.”
The three of them lay like that for a while, recovering their strength and their breath, wallowing in the way every touch was magnified by a thousand and the bed sheets smelled like all three of them combined. Then Steve shifted, the first to get antsy, and they all three sat up and rolled out of bed.
Tony sighed, fiddling with his tuner. “I miss Natasha.”
"Tony?" he whispered roughly.
"Uh huh…"
He arrived at the apartment without issue, and let himself in. He was still hungry, so he sliced a few pieces of bread and lit the stove. He started with the kettle, which he used to make tea, then put the toaster on for the bread. He spread it with a thin layer of butter, saving the rest for tomorrow's breakfast, then ate in his bedroom, sitting in the window and looking out at the tops of the buildings he had wanted to sketch just a few hours ago.
“But the middle is still a puddle.”
"Steve."
“They can call themselves sprinkle-covered doughnuts for all I care. I’m paying an obscene amount of money for one to come tomorrow and find a new home for the Hooters.”
Steve shrugged. “They make my hands feel stiff.” He pulled off the last of the wrap and shook the tingles out of his fingers. Two destroyed heavy bags lay on the ground, leaking sand everywhere. He’d worried about it at first, until Tony had told him the swarm of roombas that flooded the tower at night would appreciate something to do. “I’m going into SHIELD.”
Tony was still in his bed, peaceful, quiet, but his eyes were closed. He was too still.
"What's going on here?" Steve asked.
"To The Dollhouse?"
Ults Tony doesn't seem to have a canon bday so we went with his MCU bday. For Ant's bday, Steve and Tony used the doctor's judgment and picked a date they liked. Since he was frozen in time for four months, and then came back randomly as an eight/nine-month-old, there was no way to be sure, but it wouldn't be the same birthday as Tony's.
"[Portuguese] I don't think I've ever felt this way about someone before, and he's not even alive. Everyone else in my class has a crush on another student, but I have a crush on a lost national icon."
Still nothing.
“You guess?”
Steve all but caught Tony as he came barrelling down the hall and nearly collided with Steve’s open locker. “What?”
Tony fiddled with the buttons on Steve’s shirt. “Is Peter going to be okay with this? I mean, he lost his mom and now some stranger is showing up, changing everything and monopolizing his dad’s time, and what if he hates me, I -”
Now, all the blood drained out of Steve’s face, even as Tony’s cheeks were brightening. Natasha stepped forward on instinct and slipped her hand in Steve’s. She squeezed, and he clutched her hand back like a lifeline, shooting her a terrified look. “What do we -?”
“Hands?”
“That’s game point, Rogers! Guess you’ll be cleaning the suit with a toothbrush.”
“I know. Stay here with me. I’ll keep you warm.”
“Nope. That’s why I’m hitching my way across the country instead of stepping into my dad’s four thousand dollar, patent leather shoes.”
Except Bucky wasn’t wearing a hat.
Tony sighed with his whole body. "I guess. Fine. I concede your point. I'd very much like to hang out with you and your friends. Thank you."
"I'm babysitting my friend's dog," Clint explained.
Square: Civil War
Tony considered him for a moment. “Alright. I’ll help you. But first, I need you to help me.” He picked up a taxidermied raccoon from another table. “Hold this raccoon.”
Evidently, Tony heard it too. “Language!” he trilled. “Going to have tiny ears here soon.”
Thanks to ashy for beta!
Steve was lured back into kissing him, and the longer he had Tony in his arms, the harder the thought of leaving him here and going up to his own lonely bed was. “I’ll stay.”
Steve huffed then twisted to kiss Tony on the top of his head. "Don't be silly." He looked back at where Ant was showing Burt his new war wound. "I'm not taking my eyes off that kid until he's at least twenty-five."
“Oh, Tony.” Steve brushed his hair back from his face, the leather of his gloves brushing against Tony’s skin.
Iron Man stepped forward then fell to his knees in front of Steve, hands reached out to grab Steve’s shoulders, and Steve realized he’d slipped back down the wall to the floor. “Steve?”
"Dammit," he whispered under his breath, looking up after to make sure no one else was in the building's foyer. He closed the mailbox, being careful not to slam it, and turned to the staircase up to his apartment. The anticipation that had gotten him through the door, abandoned him like a balloon deflating, and he trudged up the stairs one at a time. Steve pushed through the door to find Bucky sprawled out on the couch, his shirt unbuttoned and a book held above his head with one hand. "And what have you been up to all day?" Steve all but growled.
Tony sunk into Steve’s hold, letting himself be moved. “Let’s get reacquainted, hot stuff.” He ruffled his hands through Steve’s hair. “And then you can show me what all the buzz is about.”
That was worth flying commercial.
As far as first dates went, it was one of the better ones Tony had ever had. Right up until “Oh my god, it’s Tabitha Fortis” had wafted through the door, bringing with her a cloud of paint and fixative fumes, and Steve’s eyes had lit up like a puppy being given a brand new soft toy.
Universe: 1872
[11:32] Steve: Call me. Do you want me to call you? I’ll wait. You tell me what you want.
“Don’t worry, Barton,” he said cheerfully. “I can fix it.”
Steve grabbed his cane from where it leaned against the wall and shuffled down the hallway. He lowered himself to his armchair and settled in. His eyes cut, as they always did, up to the mantle where Tony sat. “Good evening, my love.”
His heart beat a little faster than it needed to, on edge walking these streets after dark. Bucky was used to it, by now, but he also ran into trouble once in a while. Steve kept his head low and relied on the cheapness of his jacket to show there wouldn't be much worth in holding him up.
“Good morning,” Tony repeated, awed and breathless this time.
(Originally
Back in the penthouse, Tony threw himself face down on his couch and groaned. The ice cream was churning in his stomach. He couldn’t take it. The next time he saw them making googly eyes at each other, or feeling each other up, he was going to blow a gasket. And possibly punch Mr. Handsy in the face.
(See the end of the chapter for
Square: Nomad
Steve hummed thoughtfully then wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and drove him backwards towards the door to the penthouse. “Maybe later. You can put on the mesh hat. For now… I really missed you.”
Steve smirked. “Oh yeah? There is no right answer to that question, sweetheart.”
“We have a call,” Tony said. “Suspicious looking ship. Dead in the water. Too close to the border for comfort. We’re to inspect and then haul in if it’s abandoned.”
“I was asking if you had a Grindr because when I was at the store the other day, I saw they had Iron Man branded coffee beans and I thought you might like them, at least for fun and to see if they tasted any good. But when I went to buy them the lady at the counter told me you need a grinder to use them. And I know you’re really into coffee, but the machine you have is all so automated, I wasn’t actually a hundred percent sure they’d work in it. So I figured it was better to ask you before I embarrassed you and wasted food, getting you something you couldn’t use.”
“Don’t you have to finish work? I can wait.”
“Look at you.” Steve’s voice was like velvet, like dark chocolate or the smoothest scotch. Tony wanted to drown in it. “You’re so beautiful. And you’re being so good, so still. I can’t believe how good you are for me. I know you want to beg right now, you’re so hard and you want to come so badly, but you’re waiting because I asked you to, and I can’t tell you how happy that makes me.”
But he didn’t want him for a bad reason. He was in love with the iron-clad engineer. The way his suit of armour worked, the amazing weapons he built, and his devotion to his inventions - the bad man loved them all. He was determined to make Tony his, no matter what it took.
“It’s because
“Don’t think it will.”
“Yup.”
Tony comes home from work, but Steve and Ant are nowhere to be found.
His body was begging for release already, but Steve held off, focusing on controlling himself. He wanted this to last, and Tony showed no signs of flagging. If anything, Tony was enjoying himself more and more the harder he sucked, the faster he moved. There was a wet patch seeping through Tony’s pants right where the head of his cock pressed against the fabric of his pants.
Everything went silent.
“Thank you.”
Steve shifted in the hard, plastic chair, trying to find a way to sit that kept his suitcase close but didn't press his hip painfully into the metal arm dividing the seats. It was entirely unfair that they delayed flights by thirteen hours, didn't offer a hotel voucher, and then had nowhere comfortable to sit in the whole damn airport.
Tony raked his up to meet Steve’s. His cheeks were dusted with pink and his eyes were wide. “Maybe we could try that kissing thing again?”
The only mercy was that he'd snagged a seat by one of the few outlets scattered around the gate, and though it meant he had to twist a bit to the right to keep his cable slack, it also meant that he wouldn't be reduced to watching the reruns of a cheery morning show set three states over that seemed to be playing on the TV, under an overlay of the worsening weather that had trapped him here in the first place.
“You have to
Steve spread his arms, and Tony flowed into them. He gathered him close. “We have stuff to work out.”
Tony grinned, eyes twinkling. “Will you go to prom with me?” Tony took a step back and held his hand out.
The breeze turns into a harsh wind, and Tony shivers and shoves up against the brick wall, but there’s no way he can stay like this for forty-five minutes (an hour at the most). He needs shelter, or at least something to wrap around his waist. He can’t really venture forth into the past, and if Marty McNutso nailed the coordinates, one Steve Rogers (the bite-sized version) is due to show up in the area soon, and Tony probably shouldn’t take any risks. Steve meeting himself would have been disastrous - Tony meeting Steve? It’s unclear.
(Originally
“Yes, sir.”
“So where are you headed?” Steve asked, sneaking another look as Tony unzipped his jacket and exposed a dark blue fitted sweater over an undeniably shapely chest.
Rating: T
“So this was…?” Steve held up the chocolate.
how he’d been told to behave when meeting his future husband for the first time, but there was no going back now.
Steve stroked the pads of his thumbs over Tony’s cheeks as if he were wiping away invisible tears. “Me too.”
“Not sure yet.” She crawled across the duvet and stretched out beside him. “Maybe soon. You?”
“I still love you, though.”
Steve didn’t relent, slamming into Tony over and over, knocking Tony’s hand up and over the head of his cock with every thrust.
“Well, I assumed I must have been wrong about it being a date when you started flirting intensely with someone else.” He shuffled, scuffing his toe against the sidewalk. It sucked, really sucked, because Steve was everything Tony wanted, all wrapped up in a glorious supersoldier package, who probably also had a glorious supersoldier package, which now Tony would likely never get to see.
Tony shrugged again. “Not sure. Somewhere interesting.”
“Uh?”
“That’s it!” the bad man cried. “I’m done!” He couldn’t remember ever being so angry before. He wanted Tony Stark, but Tony just wouldn’t notice him. He had one last thing left to try: if Tony were in mortal peril, and the bad man saved him, surely he’d have to notice him. He’d have to give him a chance.
"I think that's it for me." Tony grabbed his towel from the corner of the mats and wiped his face, hiding how heavily his chest was heaving. If Steve weren't an actual supersoldier, their sparring sessions would be giving Tony some sort of complex by now.
(Originally
Huge thank you to thewaythatwerust for helping me dig my way out of this one and ashes0909 for beta.
Steve grinned. "Maybe I can take your mind off it for a moment." He took Bucky's hand.
Tony honest to god moaned, throat vibrating and rumbling, and Steve went off like a rocket, flooding his mouth with hot come.
Everything was gone. The Avengers would be dead - either in battle, and without him there to help, or from old age. Maybe - maybe Thor would have survived. But the others, there was no way -
Clint howled with laughter, doubled over, arms wrapped around his sides. “Oh my goddd!” he whined.
“Anyway, he’s coming today. I don’t care if you never let him come back, but it’s too late to say no, now, so suck it up princesses.”
It was the ghost of Steve’s fingertips on his skin that haunted Tony when his eyes fluttered open again and his back hit the cold, hard floor.
Stuckony!
Rated: T
he managed around the gag, and Steve’s other hand landed on his cheek, cupping his jaw. His thumb traced Tony’s stretched out bottom lip. He never slowed his steady, unrelenting pace, jacking Tony off expertly.
He had the whole walk home to think about Tony, a common theme for his walks home Friday nights. Tony was funny - hilarious - and kind, and silly, and generous, and he had this way of assuming that once someone was in his life they were all the way in. He’d always made Steve feel like there was nothing he wouldn’t tell him, nothing he wouldn’t give him if he asked.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Mhm. Sure.”
There's a concerning discrepancy between the two subjects in regards to their chemical output, processing of the aphrodisiac compound, and arousal levels. While they appear to be two healthy, standard representatives of their species, the results from these tests are suggesting otherwise.
Tony smirked, amused. “I was actually just going to buy you a burger.” Tony sized him up. “Maybe three burgers.”
By the next battle, Nat’s Bites were back to perfect working order.
“I’ll get the doctor.” She bustled out of the room leaving them alone.
Tony and Bucky were both on the floor, wrapped together into a ball like two affectionate octopuses. They each had a pillow, but were sharing one, Tony’s face buried in Bucky’s hair. Steve turned back to look at all the empty space on the mattress next to him. “What are you guys doing on the floor?”
Steve shifted the sign in his hands, stomping his feet a little to get blood flowing into them. He'd had more people take him up on his offer yesterday when it was warmer. Now, everyone was hunkered down into their jackets, motoring along, trying to get to class as dry and warm as possible.
But he couldn’t focus on reading right now. All he could think about was the two men out in the snow that he cared about so much it ached, finally finding each other. It felt like the last puzzle piece of home had finally fallen into place. He knew in a few minutes they’d come stomping in, shaking snow off in the lobby. They’d sit at opposite ends of the table at dinner, trying to pretend they weren’t shooting little looks filled with an entirely different kind of hunger across the table. That night, if Steve went to see if Bucky wanted to play cards, his apartment would be suspiciously empty, and Tony’s would be firmly locked. But eventually, after some time, they’d trust Steve to tell him and he’d be able to tell them how happy it made him. Honestly, purely, right-to-his-core happy.
"I eat you!"
His eyes settled on another man who had the skeezy look of a prowler about him. He was dressed far too finely for the kind of establishment they were in. So crisply and cleanly that even in the smoke-filled darkness of the bar, Steve could tell he was well polished. His facial hair was perfectly trimmer, there was no dirt or grime on him, and his shoes were so shiny they might as well have been brand new.
Steve’s tongue circled Tony’s rim lightly, almost more of a tickle, and he breathed out hot hair on Tony’s sensitive skin. It was torture, caught between the unforgiving length of fabric and chain and the unrelenting grip of Steve’s hands on his legs. There was nowhere to move, but he needed more, needed everything.
Bucky snorted. "We'll see."
"Um, Tony?” she asked.
"Hey, Steve," Tony gritted out. "How are you?"
Tony smiled at him from the other side of the ship’s console. “Does that ever stop being funny? Roger Rogers?”
“What the fuck?”
Tony's eyes raked up and down Steve with visible hunger. "It would be my distinct pleasure to strip you out of all that spandex, sweetheart."
"Heh. Well, to be quite honest, it's a social experiment. I'm tracking the people who accept my hugs at both MIT and BU - I'm a sociology and history student at BU - and seeing what kind of correlations there are."
“Yeah. So. I think it’s best if I go home. You should stay and have a good time, though. Don’t worry about me, okay? I’ll be fine.” Steve turned to go, but Tony’s hand snatched a fistful of his suit jacket.
“There are lots of ways to fight the good fight,” Tony tells him. “You’ll get your shot.”
Tony looked through the glass wall into the golden eyes of his soulmate. “Well. Guess you’re stuck with me now. Lucky you.”
“Tony! Oh my god, what’s wrong?” Steve stepped forward, arms out, and Tony dropped the cape to land a hand on each of Steve’s wrists, holding on.
“So how much did he pay you, Rogers?” Brock asked.
Steve grinned. “That’s easier to say when you know you’ve got nothing to worry about, isn’t it?”
After.
Challenge: New Shoes
“I’m sorry,” Tony whispered.
“Best morning,” Steve corrected. “Let’s go back to bed.”
what’s wrong! They’re going to take pictures and write articles and before, we just looked like friends, but now, at best I look like a supremely awkward third wheel and at worst this looks like a threesome.”
Oh, Tony...
"I thought we might 'spar' a bit, hot stuff. Kill some time."
Tony nodded furiously. The rest of their bedroom had disappeared into a haze, and all that remained - in perfect, sharp focus - was Steve and what he wanted. Whatever he wanted.
“Yeah. Soon. I hope.” But not until he talked to Tony.
to get married but my parents don’t really get me. So I was afraid they’d pick someone like them instead of like me. And I wanted my partner to… well… like me. So, uh, if you think maybe someday you can learn to like me….”
Bucky’s brow twisted. “Maybe after it cools…?” Steve shot him a look. Neither of them believed that. “We can trim the darkest bits off.”
Steve watched helplessly as Tony came yet again, the tentacle sounding his cock blocking anything from coming out, but the telltale shake and cry making it clear what was happening. He was stunning in his pleasure, taut and slick and dripping, drool slipping down his chin, legs shaking where they were bound. Steve couldn't help wishing he'd been the one to bring Tony there.
Steve,
Challenge: Wayback Machine ("2012 - Everyone lives in the tower")
, Steve’s hand landed on his back and the bed dipped as he settled behind him. A single finger skated down Tony’s spine, drawing a shiver along with it. “You’re so beautiful,” Steve murmured, almost more to himself than to Tony.
Two hours later, it was no longer adorable.
Instead, Steve wound tighter and tighter, and Tony was an engineer; he knew what came next.
We also wanted to thank all of our amazing Trouble readers! Trouble hit 1700 kudos today :D We're so grateful for your love for this verse. We can't tell you how pleased we are!! <3
This was not working out.
“I can’t hear you!” Thor yelled at his laptop screen, startling Steve out of his heavy doze on the couch. Thor sat at the table in the corner, scowling at the StarkTech laptop Tony had given him.
“It snowed,” Steve said softly.
and overrode the error codes. He reran the diagnostic and all came back clear so he emailed Mr. Stark a copy of the successful diagnostic.
And what would be the point anyway? Steve already had a family, clearly hadn’t been waiting for Tony to show up. All he’d be doing would be interrupting, breaking up happiness, making things awkward for everyone. Maybe it was all for the best that he knew and Steve didn’t. He’d leave him to his happy family.
“That’s what she claims.”
He wasn't sure how, precisely, he was going to do this. Google had been startlingly unhelpful when he'd typed in:
"Don't kiss me."
“I hate you,” Steve growled out. Tony had staunchly refused to tell him what he wanted, if help didn’t come.
"We're going to get so much shit from the others," Tony said, in between panted breaths.
“Hmm?” He looked up. “Oh. Don’t worry, I can fix this.”
Steve shook his head. "I'm just - god, I'm so sorry, Tony. I behaved like a monster when they got that drug in me. I was horrible."
"Tony…" Steve gave in to the urge to touch him, gripping both of Tony's shoulders and rubbing gently up and down. "I'm okay. I didn't come here to ask you for anything. I came here to ask what
Taking initiative, as he had been programmed to do, JARVIS began his own investigation. First, he reviewed all the logs, footage, and recordings leading up to the missing section. The timeline was thus:
StarkBucks Bingo: B1 - "Please don't go."
Nat snorted. “Well, hopefully you’ve done some growing up since then, because I intend to win.”
“Fucking Batman,” he slurred again, tongue heavy. He poured another drink.
It was early enough in the morning that they both knew neither would sleep any more, so they curled up on Tony’s couch together and watched infomercials, dozing in each other’s soft warmth.
Tony pawed through the front closet until he found a broom. “Hey, J?”
Tony watched on the monitor as the elevator descended towards the lab, Steve leaning against the back wall of it, twisting his fingers nervously together. It was too late to hide, and Tony didn’t really want to anyway. He knew he’d been avoiding Steve lately, unable to see him without thinking about grocery-store-guy glued to his face, and of course Steve would notice.
The rest of the team was excited to have Tony back from his trip and they’d made all kinds of food and decorations to welcome him home, but for Steve, having the tower Tony-free had been a blessing. It was just too hard to be around him after…
Joining the Space Rangers wasn’t turning out to be anything like Steve expected.
“I know.” Steve wriggled down further into the bed. Natasha’s presence was soothing, and some of the frustration and anger from the afternoon faded. He wondered if Clint had paired them for a reason, hid behind Laura as the messenger. As much as he appreciated that, he still wished Tony were the one lying beside him right now. Except that would only lead to more fighting.
The grass was cool and damp, and the sky was filled with dark clouds, but no drips landed on Steve’s upturned face, so they stayed out. Tony needed fresh air, and both of them were suffering from a bit of cabin fever after so long. Despite the ominous weather, Tony was enjoying himself, smacking his plastic trowel against the sand and then waving it in the vague vicinity of his bucket. He wasn’t making much progress - Steve assumed, he wasn’t actually sure what Tony was trying to accomplish - but he was smiling and babbling softly, so Steve was happy.
Rating: T
But Avengers Tower was his home, and he had a responsibility to be available to people in need, so he couldn’t hide forever. He and Tony had barely spoken two words to each other after… after. But the team relied on them, and they had to know they would still work well in the field together.
Steve rerouted his plans, darting into the living room just long enough to grab the big, handknit afghan that hung over the couch then back to the bedroom. He shut the door behind him and tossed the heavy blanket over Tony before settling on the other side of the bed. Tony moaned and burrowed under it. Getting into bed without dislodging Anthony was a challenge, but he managed it, then he shifted until he was pressed against Tony’s side. He tucked the blanket in around them, drawing it up as high as he could without covering anyone’s face.
Tags: Cute, Pre-Slash
Tony shifted on his stool to smile at Steve as softly as he could manage without bursting into tears. “It’s not something you can stop - and it’s not something you
“Mr. Stark, I just -” Bucky eyed the fox, wondering if it was going to go off again. He set it down carefully on a table. Tony had started scribbling in a notebook. “I’m sorry, you
Tony flopped back down onto the ground with a groan. His knee hurt. Bucky appeared in his peripheral vision, a hand held out to help him up to his feet.
Steve hesitated, but as the boy curved closer to the playground, he called out, “Hey,” before he could stop himself. The boy startled, pulled one earphone out and peered over towards Steve, then his mouth fell open, eyes going wide in an amusing reflection of Tony’s expression, his gaze fixed on Steve.
“Yes - I - wait, what? She
“Would you believe it’s laundry day?” Tony offers with a smile. “No? Guess I just enjoy a healthy breeze on the gents.”
Tags: Mpreg, Pregnant Steve, Meet Cute, Hookups, Unplanned Pregnancy, Alternate Universe
Steve was making a mental note to record the weather as well, in case it factored into his results, when a kid with messy, brown hair, sunglasses - despite there being no sun at all - and four different bags slung over his shoulders, screeched to a halt and stared at Steve's sign. He looked too young to be an MIT student, but he had the perpetual air of stress around him that suggested he was. Steve wobbled the sign a little and tried to look inviting.
Pepper would hug him. Pepper would just take Steve by the shoulder and tug him in and hug him. But Tony couldn’t do that in the middle of a meeting, and he wasn’t sure Steve was going to make it til the end. He also wasn’t sure he’d make it through that unpunched, considering how wound up Steve was right now.
“Boston.” Tony put his feet up on the dash and rolled the sleeves of his sweater up to his elbows.
Tony knew he could text him, or ask JARVIS, but Steve had said he’d be home when Tony got in, and there was only one other place he could be.
Steve’s hands ran up Tony’s legs, the soft skin of his finger pads contrasting with the rough, well-worn leather over his palms. He swallowed, pushing Tony deeper down his throat, and Tony’s eyes rolled back in his head. Steve cradled Tony’s balls with one hand, setting a rhythm now as he bobbed his head up and down. His fingers brushed the crease of Tony’s ass, and Tony all but levitated off the bed. “Yes, yes, yes, please, now please, touch me,” Tony whined, squirming in Steve’s hold.
Tony automatically leaned up for a kiss, and to his immense relief, Steve met him halfway. Tomorrow, tomorrow they would part. But tonight, Tony got to hold his lover in his arms. He had to believe everything would be okay - it had to be. Because he couldn’t go on without this. They’d fight and they’d yell, and sometimes it would get scary, and sometimes they would both say cruel things they didn’t mean. But as long as they found each other again, it would be okay.
“And horny,” Tony added pointedly. “Also very horny.”
Tony’s fingers stilled, paused, cutting off the music, and Steve instantly mourned its loss. Tony looked up for the first time then pointedly shifted to the side, making room on the bench for Steve to join him. Steve sat, perching on the edge to give Tony enough space to play.
“What?”
"Bye, sweetie," came Tony's voice. He cut into frame for a moment, kissing the top of Bucky's head. A few students in chat shared a variety of emojis from vomiting to heart-eyes.
“That was almost a word! Good job, buddy.” Tony put four slices of toast in the toaster and dug out butter, jam, marmalade, and peanut butter.  He covered one slice in each once they’d popped, put them on a plate and sat at Steve’s side. He set the plate down next to Steve’s head which jerked up - much like the toast out of the toaster - and wobbled slightly.
Steve tried not to read to much into that, and he wasn’t given much opportunity to, because on the next breath, the repulsors burst to life and he shot out of the workshop. Tony politely didn’t mention Steve’s screech of surprise, or if he was laughing, his mic was turned off. The suit rocketed out of the hanger bay, and then Steve felt the moment that control was turned over to him. The joints relaxed, and gave, the repulsors firing just enough to keep him aloft, but without any real purpose.
, and we’re still without a bass player, and Bucky’s been playing bass for nine years. I promise he’s good. And I told him it was an audition, not a promise, and he’s cool with that. He just got back from deployment and he misses playing with other people. He’s not like… you know.” Clint shrugged.
Rating: T
Tags: Post-Avengers 2012, Pre-Slash, Bridge Mending, Identity
Tony dragged his feet on the last day of the sale, a painful, vibrating sort of apprehension deep in his gut. It was his last day with an excuse to see Hot Window Guy, and he was going to have to actually talk to him or give up on ever seeing him again.
“Tony!” Bucky barked.
Hot Window Guy’s eyebrows shot up, then he smiled, eyes dropping down to his shoes then flicking back up to Tony’s. “We don’t sell coffee here.”
"I know you won't believe me without a paternity test - which my doctor says I'll be able to get in a few more weeks - but the person before you was over a month before, and there was no one after. So… Obviously you have no reason to believe me, but -"
Tony considered that for a moment. “You’re a dick.”
Steve stretched out as far as he could without tipping the ladder, his stomach dropping a bit as his centre of gravity shifted dangerously far out. He scratched his pencil along the wall, tracing the edge of the projection. He could almost reach the far corner…
“Goodnight Steve.”
“So….” Tony shot Steve a look. How could he not get this? “So you two are outed as together. You’re going to break the internet. This will be framed as a romantic getaway. Which means
Bruce nodded sadly. “Yeah, you’re probably right. I’m sorry, Tony. I know you really like him.”
And that's all folks! My last STG fill. Thanks again for a great games!!!! (Go Team Canon!!!)
Once upon a time, a very bad man wanted Tony Stark.
Steve walked into the kitchen, and Tony started chewing madly, trying to get his huge mouthful of peanut butter toast down his throat before Steve left again. Steve wandered around, pouring juice and selecting a yogurt from the fridge while Tony swallowed desperately, adding a layer off coffee in the hopes it would wash it down. All it did was make a truly disturbing flavour combination. Steve rounded the counter and pressed a kiss to the top of Tony’s head.
Tony dipped Justine low, making her laugh and cling to his neck.
He could hear the huff-puff of Tony’s breath as he jogged across the grass and then an
"I'm getting a brownie - do you want one too?"
Tony shrugged, smiling now. “The physics seemed sound, or at the very least, very desirable. I may have been a genius, but I was still a ten-year-old. Every ten-year-old wants to fly.”
“But… you really would?”
hard to believe he was a real person.
Steve stumbled up to his feet. "Bring him in the bathroom. We need to see how bad it is."
“Fantastic,” Tony growled back, and Steve suppressed a grin. The open car hood blocked Tony’s face from view, but Steve slipped his eyes shut and he could picture it perfectly: the tongue trapped tightly between his teeth, the twist to his brow, sleeves rolled up to his elbows, arms deep in the chest of the convertible.
“What’s going on?” Tony appeared at Steve’s side, and Steve immediately snapped out and grabbed his elbow, tugging him in tight against his side.
Steve and Tony were reading quietly in the library when Bruce shoved through the door, his own personal storm cloud following him.
Tony’s grin widened. “Just six months? Better make it ten thousand, then.”
Steve disappeared, and Tony hit the cold, stone floor alone, shaking.
Square: Fairy Tale
Tags: Silly, Nonsense, Fluff, Get Together, Misunderstandings
One of the bad guys called out something Tony barely heard. His ears were only going to catch his cues at this point, and whatever Bucky's excuses were.
"Um. Hello, yes. Are you guys okay?"
Tony bounced on his toes, his stiff leather shoes creaking from disuse. He tugged his cuffs down to his wrists for the seven hundredth time. He could hear the murmur of voices from the other room; his entire family was gathered in the hall - aunts, uncles, cousins, grandparents - and Tony felt the pressure of several generations resting heavily on his shoulders.
Tags: Avengers 2012, Steve Feels
“Deal.”
"Jesus, that scared the crap out of me."
“So?”
“Dance with me.” Tony held out a hand.
Tags: Fake Dating, Flirting, Polyamory, Getting Together, Pining
Janet stuck toast in the toaster, showing no signs of doing anything but taking her time, and Steve made eye contact with Tony over her head. “Spar?”
“I don’t think raccoons eat cats.”
Tony’s fingers twitched towards Steve, immediately desperate to fix it. But now he had no idea where they stood. Was Tony willing to share him with other people?
“Hey,” said a soft voice at this shoulder, and Tony turned and stopped breathing. Hot Window Guy was standing beside him, a black jacket with a short collar that framed his sharp jaw layered over his usual flannel.
“That too.” They snuggled Tony in between them.
"Thanks, Steve. I'm Tony."
Tony laughed too then crossed the room to climb up into Steve’s lap. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and nuzzled into the collar of his shirt to press a kiss to his throat. “You know…” he murmured, soft and low, vibrating in his chest. “I have a lot more stamina this way. I can feel it.” Tony rocked forward in Steve’s lap and Steve’s breath caught. “We should probably make use of it while we can.”
“Oh, fuck yeah, you feel incredible,” Tony whined, preening with a self-satisfied smile when that made Steve’s breath shudder out. He rolled his hips, begging for more, and Steve pressed in another inch.
“I’ve wanted that for a long time,” Steve admitted when they parted. “I’ve always liked you but I didn’t know how to tell you. You’re so experienced, and - and smooth, I thought you might laugh at me.”
Tony stepped into the kitchen to survey the destruction. The entire floor was white with flour. “I didn’t tell anyone else. J - all emergency protocols cancelled, yes?”
<3 Mouse over if you are IL >>>
Ultimates
"..."
Steve skated his palms up Tony’s smooth, slight back. They should probably just wait patiently for the spell to wear off but… Tony nipped at Steve’s bottom lip and Steve flipped him onto the bed with a growl, swallowing down his laughter with a kiss.
Tony almost laughs. “Yes. Clothes would be amazing, thank you. I’ll give them back in like half an hour, two hours tops. I’d explain, but it’s going to be about seventy years before you’d believe me anyway.”
“Well, as I said, I’m an investigative reporter and I’m looking into a murder that happened five days ago. A man was shot and killed in his locked study with no witnesses except the gardener who was outside and saw a confrontation through the window. She swore up and down it was the man’s son who killed him.”
The music built and built, stretching and reaching towards an obvious crescendo, Tony’s hands moving faster and faster as each thread of music converged into a rapid, glowing climax -
One could argue that Tony is a little more aware of Bucky's whereabouts than is normal, and Tony wouldn't argue back. Bucky seems to be the axis around which most of his focus revolves these days. The tension between them is so thick, Tony figures he'd need one of his repulsor-powered laser rifles to cut it at this point.
And fuck Hammer.
“Thanks, Steve.” Bruce gave him a sad smile.
Tony stared at the pinprick in the distance until his eyes were too hot not to drop them and blink furiously. “They orbit around a shared point,” he said, voice rough.
They'd hooked up at a club, both cruising the bar and checking their phone apps for a potential good time. They'd both swiped right, shared a few messages, then a few drinks, and found a hotel room for the night.
“Your girlfriend doesn’t count, Clint.”
Tony snorted. It was adorable, really, the way Steve managed to make “are you avoiding me?” about worrying for Tony instead. “I’ve been avoiding you,” Tony said bluntly, because if he was going to go for this, he wasn’t going to waste time and nervous energy pussyfooting around.
"But sometimes when there's a big storm -"
(Originally
But Tony’s soulmark was burning now, a boiling heat in contrast to the biting ice around them. He shuffled across the empty space between them and wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders. Steve hated PDA, but there was no one here to judge them. “Remember when we first met?”
Join Team Canon!! Join the Steve Tony Games
“Hey, sweetheart.”
“You sure you’re not hurt?” Steve whispered after a few minutes of nothing but clutching Tony close.
“It’s a mix, Stevie.” Bucky sighed and slapped the spatula against the bowl. “Isn’t it supposed to be easy? Look the eggs will get beaten as we mix it.”
He stumbled down the rickety steps to the parking lot, and when he turned onto the sidewalk, he couldn’t hold it back anymore. Muted sobs shook his shoulders and he tripped his way along, eyes too blurry to see where he was going.
"Really. I think you're just as sexy in snack-size. In fact, can't lie, since you still have your strength, I have some… ideas we could explore."
“Yes. Why else would I be carrying this around?”
Bucky grabbed his ankle and gave it a little shake. "Just come with me tonight, pal. I won't tell Fury you're looking for a job. You've never seen me play there! Come on. At least walk me to work, hear me play a song before you go. Deal?"
Steve shrugged. “Yeah. But Club A will still be there when your leg is better.”
“So now I’ve got you! And I want to commission you to paint something kickass for the lobby of my building. Money is really no object, so name your price. I’m not going to barter, I’m not that slick.”
He was wearing nothing at all but his boxer briefs and Tony’s tie, looped loose around his neck. Tony was sitting in one of the armchairs in the living, laughing and clapping while Bucky did a surprisingly good imitation of a stripper’s dance in front of him.
Steve’s lips pressed to his forehead. “Hang in there, sweetheart. You’re going to be okay.”
Tony laughed at the old joke, then leaned in and hopped his legs around Bucky's waist. Bucky took his weight easily turning to step towards the bedroom, but a loud bang reverberated around them. "Shit! They're here. They found us." Tony dropped to the ground and wrestled a gun out of his waistband, Bucky doing the same thing on the other side. More explosions as their trailer was riddled with bullets. Tony made eye contact with Bucky. "Together?"
Tony tried the penthouse next, giving in and kicking his bags out into the foyer himself. Here, there were signs of Steve. Signs that his boyfriend of five months had crept up here in Tony’s absence, curling on the couch they’d watched movies on together and stealing Tony’s hoodies to wear to bed. It sent a hot flush of pleasure through Tony’s veins to find his apartment so lived in after so long, and it made him yearn for a closer future where they shared this space all the time. Surely, it was too soon to ask Steve to move in? But, it seemed, Steve had one foot in the door already, and Tony loved it.
“Tony?” Steve called from the hall.
“For a while. Hop in.”
“Leave it, Barton,” Steve snapped.
Rated: T
“I am him.”
"First, I'm going to need my baby daddy's personal phone number so I can get past the dragons in the lobby," Steve said with a smirk.
Tony watched him strip off the uniform and leave it in a haphazard pile on the floor before disappearing into the bathroom. The shower clicked on. Tony wiped off his chest wth his discarded boxers then shifted out of the wet spot and snuggled down into the sheets, too tired to take the hoodie off and too tired to pull his boxers back on. He knew he must look ridiculous, but he didn’t care.
Tony looked up from where he’d been contemplating ways to drink coffee without opening the suit. “What’s up, Cap?”
I don't think you *need* to read the first one for this one to make sense, but it sure will help.
Steve shuffled closer, his bright blue eyes not wavering from Tony's. "Yeah… my greatest fear is that without the serum, I can't help you, can't protect you, can't fight beside you. That's what she showed me. Not the team, not the world. You."
. Only a week. The attack on the base must have interrupted the power supply for the cryo chamber and it had switched off early, letting Steve out into a battlezone that felt like the future. His heart stuttered and skipped. He hadn’t lost two hundred years, just a week. “Oh god,” he cried, tugging Tony closer. And he kept tugging, drawing Tony in until their lips met then kissing him and kissing him, a hand on either side of his face, tucked into the helmet. “I love you.”
Steve smiled into the dark. He wondered how many people knew that Tony talked in his sleep, if he always had or if it developed later. He was glad Tony was close enough with him to let his guard down like this. It felt like owning one of Tony’s little secrets, something precious to hold and keep.
"Oh." Tony's cheeks flushed bright red. "Shit."
The time between heartbeats stretched a little longer, and Steve squeezed his eyes shut. He had to make a decision. Tony’s fingers and toes were surely already lost to frostbite, so even if the team showed up before the next beat didn’t come, they’d only be able to save part of him.
[11:28] Tony: There’s some shit going down. I need to call you. But I
“He’s going to cheat,” Natasha added.
Tony couldn’t stop a grin from spreading. “But the place down the street does?”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Tony rolled his eyes. “It’s my pleasure.”
"Steve?"
They did two more takes, but Tony doubted they were any good. He could feel himself resisting the wince every time his lips met Bucky's, and that never showed well on camera. He had to get his shit together cause he was a goddamn professional, but he was also heartbroken and he just wanted to wallow for a while, eat dairy-free ice cream, and pout. Maybe spend too much time on Bucky's instagram.
STB Bingo: "How do you like your eggs?"
Tony peeked around the crate then sat back down again as they called four explosions in a row. "Because I care about you. I want to be friends with you." He stumbled over the awkward words, because that wasn't quite the truth.
The fic: https://archiveofourown.org/works/24886627
“Ooh!” they chimed, descending on the basket.
“You’re already the older one, pizza pop, but I get your point.” Tony turned suddenly and disappeared into his bedroom. Steve followed him in and just caught sight of his ankle slipping into the huge walk-in closet. Steve sat on the bed and waited.
The huge desk in the lobby was heart-poundingly imposing as Steve shuffled his way over to it. There were three receptionists, and neither looked his way, so Steve hovered awkwardly between them until one lifted his head and waved Steve over.
do you know what it is?”
Dear Steve,
They’d been dating Tony for about eight months now, and everything was going really well. But today was Tony’s thirtieth birthday, and they both desperately wanted to take the chance to show him how much they cared about him. It was hard, making sure that Tony understood how invested they both were in him, when they’d been dating each other for three years before Tony even came into the picture.
This takes place during In Trouble Deep, chapters 12, 13, and 14. Major spoilers for Trouble.
Steve reached out and took Tony’s hand back, keeping it this time, and led him down the street and away from the shop. “Nah. I called out early tonight.” He grinned up at Tony through long eyelashes, eyes sparkling in the light from the streetlamp. “I was hoping you might stop by.”
“Well then -” Tony stretched tall then started pulling on his space suit “- let’s set it off.”
Tags: Fight & Make Up, Get Together, Confessions, Hurt/Comfort, Injured Tony, Rhodey & Tony, Rhodey is a Good Bro
Steve stood behind him, in parade rest, impossibly wide shoulders held back and high. He nodded. “I think it’s important for all of us to have first-hand experience of each other’s strengths. And weaknesses.”
“What?” Steve all but whined.
For anon for my Bday Prompt Party :)
24 hours.
There was a rumble and a grunt and then a moment later, Tony appeared wearing the most ridiculous outfit Steve had ever seen. Baggy jeans hid all of his curves and edges, smothered over by a huge multi-coloured, multi-patterned, button-up shirt and a puffy, blue windbreaker with neon patches on the shoulders. Tony pushed aviator sunglasses up onto his forehead then threw his arms wide and winked. “Ta da!”
Steve collapsed on top of him with a broken-sounding groan then immediately pushed himself back up onto a shaky elbow when that pushed a startled huff out of Tony.
“God, you are in so much fucking trouble, Steve,” Tony said, rage barely contained by his shaking voice.
Sorry :(
jealous!Tony, insecure!Tony, somewhat clueless Steve, happy ending.
“I can fix it, you know.”
In the end, Tony put on the suit and flew around the city at bone-shaking speeds until the vertigo made him feel on more solid ground.
"Yeah."
“Stay?” Tony asked, grinning up at Steve, and Steve’s heart skipped a beat.
You can do this, Tony. As soon as Laura leaves, you get out there.
“What?” shouted a voice. “One minute. Come in, but wait a second.” A violent crash sounded from somewhere above the door.
Steve’s fingers ran through Tony’s hair, and he whimpered and pushed into the touch. The stone floor was so cold and Steve was so warm. “I know.”
(Originally
The rest of the team was excited to have Tony back from his trip and they’d made all kinds of food and decorations to welcome him home, but for Steve, having the tower Tony-free had been a blessing. It was just too hard to be around him after…
Tony hadn’t seen a single second of the movie. They were watching War Games, but Tony had checked out before Matthew Broderick had even changed his grade. Because that was around the time that Steve’s
The two of them curled up in the corner on a bench and spoke quietly, heads together. Steve stepped out. There were three doors to his left, the bathroom, then Tony’s door on the other side, then Clint and Laura’s door at the end of the hall. Fury was asleep at the other end, in Lila’s room, and Lila was in with her parents.
“Okay. Let’s talk. Come on.” Steve took Tony’s hand and gently led him into the living room. He deposited him on the couch then fetched two glasses of water, one of which he handed to Tony. “Go ahead, I’m listening.”
Rated: T
“I made you tea,” Steve said. “Do you like me now?”
"Uh, yeah," Steve laughed. "Might have to cut your data. Bit of an outlier."
The clock struck midnight and Steve twisted to the side, pulling Tony up against him, leaning in to press their lips together. But Tony stopped him, one hand coming up to slip between Steve’s mouth and his. Steve stilled, frowning, essentially kissing Tony’s hand, but that wasn’t what he wanted to kiss.
Steve shrugged. "It's alright. One day off won't hurt. But I kinda think leaving you on your own might," he added softly.
Tony watched him for a long time, blinking in the sharp wind. “You never told me that.”
He frowned. Then leaned in and tried again.
“Here.” Steve wriggled back up and brought a couch cushion with him. “I brought these over to pad between the dish boxes. We can sleep on these.”
Zack, 28, had all 6 photos, all of which featured him on a skateboard, and from angles that reminded Steve of commercials on MTV in the early 2000s. He was kind of hot, but in an utterly boring way, and Steve swiped left.
Steve's heart shot back out of his shoes in time to start pounding with fear. Tony had gone into the showers right after their sparring session, almost five hours ago. What if he was hurt or unconscious? And Steve had just been sitting around pinning like an idiot when Tony needed him?
"Oh come on, Tony." Steve smiled. "Don't you think it's kind of romantic? In the dark in our little fort?"
"Yeah?"
“Seriously, it needs more red.” Mr. Stark waved towards the painting on the wall behind Steve. “Not that I don’t love your subject matter, because, you know, me, and everyone knows how I feel about me. But I designed that armour - and I wear it daily - and it needs more red. Mostly around the shoulder bits. But otherwise good job. Looks just like me. I like the commentary too.”
“It’s getting awfully dark on the edges.”
Rated: T
“Oh, you’re so good.” Steve’s voice pulled him gently back. “Look at you. What a beautiful sight. Damn, I’m so lucky that you’re mine. So lucky.” Steve’s hands clenched tight around his hips. “So good for me -
were easy… Whatever the fuck that means. I just miss you. I wish..."
Steve stretched out as far as he could without tipping the ladder, his stomach dropping a bit as his centre of gravity shifted dangerously far out. He scratched his pencil along the wall, tracing the edge of the projection. He could almost reach the far corner…
