His body and spirit still feel abused and worn, but he absolutely refuses to be broken. A new method of escape forms in John's mind, though it's hardly appealing. But he's a soldier, he can adapt.
But Mycroft nodded and turned back around with a small smile smeared onto his face, “It’s decided then. John Watson, you will work for my brother immediately. A servant will lead you to your new rooms,” Mycroft waved a hand, and someone stepped from the shadows and directed John away.
John paused with only one arm in a sleeve.
“Day off for exemplary behavior,” came the faded reply, “I’ll see you later!”
“Um, no,” John said, and tried to smother his grin after he glanced at Sherlock’s affronted look, “that wasn’t me, that was him. I only recorded what he figured out.”
John pushed down the speculation of what might happen if he refused. He coated his fingers in the slick liquid, and did as he was told. From their previous dalliances, he knew how to open himself efficiently without any major discomfort. Sherlock didn’t normally get impatient easily, but when he was as agitated as he was now, John wasn’t sure what he would do.
With that, John creeps closer to the door. Each footstep feels like a mine might go off underneath his feet. His breath is steady, his hands are still. He gets a good look out the left, and yes, it's all clear. The hallway is not pure white like his cell. It looks like he's in a posh business center in the center of London. It's all warm browns and reds, and John suddenly promises himself to never take color for granted again. There's a damned potted plant off to the side for God's sake.
The room that had been set up for John was directly connected to his, though with any luck the boy hadn’t realized it yet. Sherlock spared a rare thought of praise for his brother and his love of convenience.
John opened his mouth to respond, but Sherlock gripped his shoulder slightly tighter. “He is with me. He followed me here after I fled the hospital for a perceived drug overdose which was part of an undercover operation to dismantle a drug ring. The one you just took part in, congratulations. I’m sure you’ll have a riveting story to tell.”
John’s heart rate sped from its worryingly slow pace. The world began to spin again, and John was left dazed at its whirl. That had been—that wasn’t—how was he supposed to--.
John shifted again in his restraints, his voice slightly cracked where his fear overrode his pride. "Sherlock, I mean it, stop." Sherlock didn't listen to John's pleas. Bringing his head and arm down to a better angle, he leaned in to the soft skin of John's exposed stomach, and began lavishing it with his mouth. Licks, nips, bites, it didn't matter as long as Sherlock was able to taste every bit of this new area of John. It was glorious, like feasting on something delectable without ever worrying about it running out. John's squirming only sweetened the dish.
“Alright,” John said as his hand came up to rest against the scales of Sherlock’s arm, “alright.”
Jesus, Sherlock had been right. There was no way a group of kids could have ever gotten ahold of something like this. The oldest one, who couldn’t have been over his mid-twenties, was seated at the head of the table with his feet resting near the merchandise. Clearly, he thought himself as the head of the operation.
John knows that's a question designed to make him fail, but he plunges on, "Will you, leave her alone?"
He heard some grappling to his side. He turned around and saw Sherlock and the other one battling for the upper hand. It was no wonder, since Sherlock had essentially been starving himself for his cover. John quickly pulled Sherlock away, which upset the balance of the other so his stomach collided into John’s fist. The kid wheezed out a breath before he collapsed onto the ground, heaving for air.
It's 20 x 25, but the absence of furniture makes it appear larger. There's a corner with a curtain that hides the toilet, as well as a tiny sink. Sherlock had debated with himself over the access to privacy, but decided to give John as much privilege as possible. There are no cameras in the bathroom area itself, but the ones in the room can see it easily. There is a small cage leaning up against the left wall that was Sherlock's other option for restraint. It's made to look like a dog kennel, but the proportions are too large for any dog, but small enough to have a human kneeling uncomfortably inside. The deadbolt on the door is also a bit excessive for any canine. Sherlock will have to remove that later, he doesn't want to scare John. At least, not yet.
"Thought I'd pop by," Jim explains, though it's hardly necessary. Not like he ever needs an excuse to barge in. "How's the little puppy doing?" Sherlock idly wonders when Jim had started calling him 'puppy'. Sherlock doubts John is a man who appreciates pet names, but it's something to file away for future reference.
“Thank you,” Sherlock eventually said. “I…know you weren’t trying to dictate my life. And for what it’s worth, I consider you a friend too.”
But the bite from the wind and the ache in his feet only steel his resolve. His discomfort is a testament to his freedom, and he's going to keep on striding. He's endured far worse before.
No one answers, which is understandable. He tries the handle, but it doesn't turn in his grip. So John knocks again and again, hard enough to rattle the door on its hinges. He hears banging from inside, and John steps back. He throws his hands in the air as a placating gesture. Last thing he wants is to get shot as a mistaken burglar.
With a bemused smirk on his face, John sat down on the seat that had been pulled away for him. Sherlock took the one opposite and John said, “You do know that you don’t have to take all of your ‘romantic’ cues from period films right?”
It had been entirely by accident, meeting him.
“He’s right John, you’re nothing like them,” Sherlock agreed, “I married you, not out of financial gain, but because I love you. We both hold you in high regard, and we will do our utmost to ensure your happiness for the rest of our lives. You will want for nothing. Let us go back home, and we can discuss how to best develop this relationship in a rational manner.”
John choked again as the firm length obstructed his air. Instead of easing away, Sherlock kept his hips where they were, and tightened his grip on John’s jaw to prevent reflexive biting.
*Bing Bong* Attention passengers, this is your writer speaking. You will notice that the 'Fasten your Seatbelt' sign has been lit. This is your first and only warning for those who have lost their way and thought this would be a cute fanfiction. You may now exit the story via a complimentary parachute called the back button. For the rest, enjoy your stay and kiss your fluff feelings goodbye. *Bing Bong*
“No, not on you, Doctor Watson. But I have contingencies for my little brother, to be sure he is following the rules of his rehabilitation.”
He turned over in bed, and hissed at the flare inside of his body. A separate hand began rubbing comforting circles into his back. John moaned his relief and gratitude.
John choked down the hysterical giggle of relief and disbelief. He had already known that Sherlock was insane, but this, this defied description.
Sherlock smiled, “All right then. That’s a relief.”
“What the hell is this?” John asked when he stopped hearing static.
He turns his face back into his pillow, but he's no longer tired. His muscles still have a bone deep ache from being stuck in one position for too long, but his mind is no longer humming with anxiety or restlessness. Everything is just, quiet.
“John!” Mary hugged him tightly before letting go. “Where have you been? Janine said she went into Sherlock’s room to check on you both but you were gone! The police were called! I thought you were--”
John breathes, so relieved he could melt. He can't stop uttering thank you's until he's buckled into his seat. The pair rides in awkward silence for a short time, until the stranger clears his throat. "So...what's your name? Or is this like a Jason Bourne thing?"
“Sherlock tried to kiss me.”
Sherlock slid down the rest of the fire escape, the leather of his gloves skidding against the metal. Dramatics were a terrible weakness with him.
John briefly thought about Sherlock standing in front of a group of reporters, and had to suppress his smirk at the image of him demolishing nosy journalists on live television.
Everything was entirely too bright, and he clenched his eyes repeatedly to bring things into focus. While he attempted to reclaim his vision, memories of what had happened (concern, trust, betrayal, anger, dread) startled him into movement. John jerked against his straps, and that's when his vision finally cleared. He was tied securely to a bed in what looked like either a bleached prison or an abandoned psychiatric room. John swiveled his head as much as he could, finding two cameras pointed directly at him with the red lights blinking.
The man gripped the underside of John’s thighs, lifting them up and spreading his legs. Jim’s dark eyes greedily watched as he entered John’s body. John endured the sensation with detached horror.
John obeys Sherlock’s eager and directional shoves toward their bedroom, but he doesn’t stop from complaining.
“Her brother is sleeping with her best friend and they’re keeping it a secret.”
Sherlock roughly maneuvers John, and the pull of the leather on John's damp skin echoes in the room. Before John has a chance to move away, his arms are strapped down by buckles. John tugs, but the leather holds fast. He hasn't even got an inch of give. His legs are closed, but his efforts are infuriatingly dismissed. Sherlock easily pries his thighs apart, buckling them to their separate stands.
"You were stone. And now you're, well, not
It does help to ease some of the pain, but only just barely. Methodically, Sherlock washes away the pus and blood, leaving only the loose skin that will be required to actually scar the burn. The scent of smoke and meat is disgusting, but Sherlock eagerly swallows it all. He didn't know he could sublimate John. How glorious. Maybe he should bottle it. But the worst of it has already dispersed out the open window. A pity.
He softly licked at the insides of John’s mouth, tasting John’s tongue and tracing over his teeth. John moaned underneath him, and Sherlock felt him buck his hips in sharp demand. Sherlock grinned wickedly, before he softly bit John’s tongue.
He takes a step forward, his arms open and inviting, like he's presenting a prize. That's John's time to strike.
Which meant he’d have to acquire the key himself. He knew Jim and Sherlock kept a set of keys to their more guarded possessions in a hidden cabinet in the study. Sherlock had showed it to him to impress him, as he’d come up with the mechanism himself.
wrapping around John's length. With a few short strokes, John is coming for a second time. Before John can accidentally bite him, Jim pulls him off by his hair, holding him there as he strokes lewdly in front of his face. Watching those blown blue eyes startle open from pleasure is enough to push Jim over the edge. He comes in streams, the mess hitting John across his face and neck.
Sherlock unclenched his hands and said, “I’m sorry John. Truly, I am. I just wanted—it made sense to want to celebrate alone.”
John was delighted, “Certainly. I’ll join you in the parlor after I’ve helped clean up.”
Well, that proved John’s suspicion of permanent departure wrong. He was glad of that. Even if, much to his chagrin, he wasn’t sure why anymore.
"Bit tricky," Sherlock says as the recording keeps playing, "trying to hack in to the police response line without my brother noticing. It ended up adding an extra ten minutes to your escape time. Thankfully, I didn't have to filter through many calls before yours. And once the issue was ordered for a patrol car to be brought here, I sent out a fake responding message that a nearby police car was on its way. And if you're wondering if someone else will call the police thanks to all of the unnecessary noise my men caused, don't bother. We're in the middle of London, and all a nearby pedestrian heard was some shattering glass. And you obviously understand that my gun has a silencer, so unless they have rather extraordinary hearing, they wouldn't have heard your friend die so nobly."
John nodded, glad to have that out of the way. “Now then, let’s find some part of your kitchen that’s not a biohazard and put the groceries away.”
Mary looked around John’s shoulder, “They might be doubly insufferable when they realize you’re here. Unless, you didn’t want to stay?”
He settles on a spot. The unmarked space right by John's right hipbone. Where he'd had the imaginary limp. It seems poetic. John has not stopped staring at the ceiling the entire time. His breathing is steady, careful inhalations through his nose and exhalations from his mouth. He wonders about Mrs. Hudson, if she will be able to smell anything. He can probably pass it off as a charring experiment.
John thought he responded with a vocal affirmative. What escaped was a confused and raspy sound.
John felt a sympathetic blush on his own face. He knew that what Sherlock was saying was true. He could say he would rather just lie there and cuddle, and Sherlock would agree. He would probably emphatically voice his complaints, but he would agree.
He sighs, the breath ghosting off of his sheets and escaping into the air. He'll never take the term 'breathing room' for granted ever again. There's a click from behind him, and warm light chases away some of the shadows. John doesn't turn toward it, though he longs to. He knows who's here, and John's not quite ready to face
He nibbles on the nape of John’s neck, leaving little indents of his teeth around the top of the vertebrae. He sucks along every inch of skin he can, the bright pink marks promising to blossom into darker shades.
Sherlock slowly kissed his way down John’s neck.
His face was nestled in the crook of a neck, and the heady scent of sweaty skin compelled his tongue to lave upon the unknown body. Someone went rigid underneath him, and dug fingers into the dip above his buttocks. Realization preceded thick shame and John felt his face heat.
“Oh, not far,” John replied, “just a newlywed resident of the Baker Estate.”
What was the right decision here? What the fuck could he do that would make this better?
He doesn't envy the poor bastard.
John shrugged, “Why should I? Whatever use you make of the strange plant I’m sure it will be well worth it. As long as it doesn’t put either of you in any danger.”
Sherlock finally looks John in the eyes as he says, “I do want you to be content with me John. What I have you endure may give you the excitement you’ve always craved, but I know that it isn’t enough. I know it doesn’t even come close to being enough.  But I do try, John.”
“I don’t-I never-” perhaps John was about to faint again. His vision kept swimming. “I was only trying to-”
“I love you John.”
“You do feel a bit warm, and you’re certainly pale enough. Perhaps it was just another lapse in your health. You have missed two meals after all.”
John thought for a little bit, because it seemed like Sherlock was willing to let him figure out the answer. He thought about a grieving boy, alone, with no one to turn to, and only one person in the world who could make him feel--.
Sherlock could do it. Sherlock
John was so sufficiently distracted that he didn’t notice how far they had come until the backs of his knees softly hit the bed. Sherlock had him fall the rest of the way with one gentle shove to his shoulder.
John blinked at the emptiness of his room. He sat there for the rest of the night, with his hands clutching the blankets, and trembled as if he were caught in the middle of an arctic storm.
"Something the matter, John?" His fingers twist again, and John loses all of the air in his lungs. "Is there something bothering you?" He leans down to lavish his attention on John's neck, not letting up on the his hand's torturous pulls.
It was John’s turn to make his way out of the car. He heard the passenger door open behind him, but didn’t stop to turn around. He couldn’t do this anymore. He was trying to be an upstanding role model, and it was being thrown back in his face. Not that John blamed him. John couldn’t stand himself either.
The only one that Sherlock seems to have made accommodations for is John. And doesn't that just make him feel warm and fuzzy on the inside?
The gargoyle notices his discomfort and says, "Listen, you should get inside somewhere soon, it's only going to get colder." John's thinking about how to politely excuse himself, ignoring the odd pang of loss he feels. This human may be interested now, but sooner rather than later it's going to hit home that he killed someone yesterday, and is wanted for it. Better to leave now.
It was the sound of a woman sobbing.
John delighted in the future that lay ahead of him, and didn’t think about the locked section again for quite some time.
Right then. Now what?
As John pushes open the curtain, he glares at the piece of technology. Maybe he can move the chair or table over and rip the thing out by its wires. It's a really stupid thing to do, but he's getting really close to not giving a damn. John whips the curtain closed, and moves to wash himself. It does as little as it did yesterday.
let you go.”
And John had an endless supply sitting next to him, cataloguing the new ways John could be frightened into paralysis.
He knows that Sherlock hardly eats. He’s lived with the man in perpetual solitude for a year. And studying your enemy’s habits is a novice stratagem. But John had mostly thought that Sherlock’s aversion to food stemmed from his mediocre cooking, or from Sherlock’s upper class sensibilities.
on me? On Sherlock?” Shock was rapidly disintegrating under anger. It was a more familiar and productive emotion.
He hears them though, when their leader starts demanding money and cooperation. Sherlock's eyes flash open, but he steps deeper into the shadows to avoid being seen. It would be easy to swoop in, to play the hero and gain his trust. Getting these morons hurt would be easy and not even slightly detrimental, as low on the "corporate chain" as they are. But once again his instincts tell him to wait. He wants to see how his (a shudder at the possessive) John reacts to danger.
John wasn’t foolish enough to lose his fear, but he couldn’t stop the swell of awe. It was akin to seeing a powerful force of nature take on physical form. A stray breeze cooled the sweat from John’s neck.
The eyebrow had raised itself again, “I haven’t mentioned a figure.”
It’s the greatest game he’s ever played, and there’s no end to it.
He breathed deeply enough to feel his lungs hurt from the pressure. With his limited familiarity with technology and a buzzing brain, it took him a few minutes to compile a succinct but satisfactory message.
“You still doubt yourself, still doubt the validity of your own senses and instincts,” Harry accused, “you’ve signed your fate willingly when you choose to wait.”
John gasps, and grips Jim's thighs to steady himself. He nearly removes his hands, thinking that he might be bothering the man, but Jim covers his tan hands with his small, pale ones. John buries his face in gratitude in the man's shoulder, and breathes as Sherlock's fingers trace upward.
“I see.” It may have been John’s bias at work, but he was certain that a ghost of a smirk had flitted over Mycroft’s thin lips. “So Sherlock didn’t tell you the circumstances of his relocation?”
It startles the man as much as it does John. He keels over with a choked shout, still clutching John's head. He comes in spurts down John's throat. Sherlock shudders, holding John absolutely still as he rides the aftershocks in the man's warm, compliant mouth. John can feel him softening in his mouth, and he panics. Already he can feel the torturous, imaginary fire ease its way back up his spine. He realizes he still has his hand lying uselessly over his erection. When he lightly gropes, he feels the wave of bliss. Immediately, his hands turn intent.
But, wait. No, it's not gone. The anger, the hatred at his situation and what he's been subjected to, it's all still there. It's not even faded. It's moved into a higher state of being. When John realizes what's happened to him, he almost smiles. He holds back because he decides it would look more than a little insane.
The door swung open. Sherlock stood halfway behind it like it was an overly long shield. He was clearly ready to slam it shut.
“I told you to bring a gun and that it might be dangerous. There was a very distinct possibility it would all go sideways. If it hadn’t, then the police force wouldn’t have been needed, and we’d have the information we required. Now we have both.”
Which, John thought, may have been the point of bringing it up. It was much easier to have him stumble over his words out of blindsided shock, rather than press him for any information through a typical interrogation.
"You are
He didn’t know where the possessive thought came from, but he didn’t feel inclined to examine it. The thought of this Omega under the care of any other Alpha, or even a Beta, made him choke down a low growl.
“I heard he wasn’t the only one,” John rebutted, “that you nearly underwent your own gallant adventure to try and recover the doctor. A lone horse in this snow when you can barely ride yourself? I’m sure you were the pinnacle of composed.”
"Oh, well, congratulations," her smile is still sweet, but John can tell she's still wondering what he's so damned tense about. A lie comes to him then, a fucking ridiculous one, but still slightly plausible. He hates to be rude, but it's ten times better than the alternative. He looks quickly around, and still doesn't see Sherlock. Thank God, he might still have a shot at this.
When Sherlock is inside of him, gently rocking his cock against John’s prostate, he hears John moan, “Why didn’t I do this sooner?”
Sherlock deliberates his answer. In a way it was, but not for the reasons John’s clearly thinking. Still, it’s an easy escape, and Sherlock already plans on ‘fixing’ this no matter the outcome.
“We are not,” John bit the words out, “doing anything in secret, because nothing is happening between us that would require secrecy.”
John’s eyes widened at the realization that this was nowhere near over. He quickly sat up, directly facing the overbearing Alpha who had thrown his life into chaos in the span of a few hours. His gaze roamed Sherlock’s body, coming to rest on the prince’s groin. A severe blush took hold of John’s face, and he felt the warm prickles of arousal begin again in his stomach. The blush intensified when he felt his own wetness seeping from him. A natural response to an Alpha that had given him his bite claim and was preparing to mount, but it was still embarrassing.
“Oh,” Sherlock said. “Alright then, that’s fine,” Sherlock nodded while his shoulders tried to curl inwards. As if his body could shield him from disappointment.
Sherlock’s fingers circled and rubbed, building up the sensitivity, until he finally pushed in. The muscle flexed around his finger, and Sherlock couldn’t help his small gasp from feeling the tight heat clench around the digit.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “No, I clearly lost a limb.”
, such a good little pet. You should try his mouth next time Sherlock,
“Please,” the desperation was still in John’s voice, but it had become the whisper of those without hope, “please don’t do this.” His hands trembled violently as he reached downward. They landed on Sherlock’s snout, and John left them there unmoving.
Her mouth opened, black and yawning, and she descended for his throat to rip the last of his life away.
It is also a fantastic opportunity to observe the way he walks. While a human would walk on the flats of his feet, the weight evenly balanced on the balls and heel, gargoyle walks exclusively on the tips. His talons scrape and click along the wood, no matter how much the creature tries not to let them.
He spent the rest of the day in…not anticipation, not exactly. He didn’t want to call it that. Anticipation implied that it was something he should be nervous about, something that had the potential to disappoint or elate him. It was just a friendly dinner with his student. That was all it was.
His face is probably locked into a ridiculous contortion, but he hardly cares. With a breathy gasp, he slips off the ring from John's engorged member, and brings him to completion with a few firm strokes. John comes with a loud cry, his semen steaming onto his chest and stomach.
Because you hold yourself to high standards. You follow a very strict moral code. One that you would never break. Because that would place you in the same category as the people that senselessly murdered your entire family.
Sherlock kisses John’s lax mouth, rubbing his tongue along John’s teeth to see if he chipped anything while holding back his begging. When nothing seems to need replacing, Sherlock spends a few leisurely minutes kissing John back into cohesiveness.
Two, he was intelligent enough to know when to go to those in power, and to bring something of practical worth. As well as not to let his own temper take over his common sense.
All the while, Sherlock's heart pumps away in his chest, and he feels more alive than he has in
It was something only he and Sherlock knew, like they’d gone on an elaborate heist for the world’s most precious diamonds. Even with the way things had ended, John wasn’t ashamed of his avarice over that knowledge.
“John?” Sherlock questioned. It wasn’t harsh and cold like earlier, it was hesitant. Like he was holding on to a tentative thread of hope, and it might snap in his grip. “What are you--”
“A detective then,” John tried.
Sherlock settles down beside him with a contented sigh, draping an arm across John’s chest. John turns over onto his side, and Sherlock presses himself along his back, nuzzling his nape. Hot breath spreads across his neck as Sherlock expels any remaining tension in his body.
John had a brief moment to wish for his gun, even just to use as a blunt object to their faces. His fists would have to do. Before one of them could reach for him, John stepped into his space, and hit him dead across the jaw. The kid hit the ground.
There were speculations of where and how she’d acquired such markings. The stupidity of which seemed to blazon across the page like a beacon. Suddenly, John could see the scenario as if he were there. The bruises were from someone sitting on top of her, to keep her pinned to the ground with her chin tipped up. He teeth cracked as she tried to keep them shut while a bottle was rammed into her mouth. Blood came from the damage of broken glass. The vomit, a result of being forced to guzzle bottle after bottle of whiskey. Continuing to shove it down even after she had long ago lost consciousness.
“And who are you?” Jim asked. It was hard to tell if he was being condescending, as his voice and expression spoke of neutrality, but his eyes betrayed a glimmer of irritation to John.
“Did I say anything? In my sleep?”
With another quick nip at John's shoulder, Sherlock's ready to begin. He reaches down to the burlap sack, and pulls out the small bottle of lube. Sherlock moves to kneel between John's splayed legs. John's concentrating on keeping his breath even. Resolutely ignoring whatever Sherlock's planning.
“He isn’t going anywhere,” Lestrade stepped forward, forming a solid wall between the two men and John. “Not until someone starts explaining what exactly is going on,” he held up his hand when Sherlock and Moriarty both opened their mouths, “and I’ll start by hearing it from Mr. Watson’s side first if you don’t mind.”
made John’s residual humor evaporate like mist under a sun.
Whatever had been used as a replacement for his body was discovered, as the kids all began swearing and running at once. Snow was practically having a conniption.
Either John’s entirely misjudged what sort of building they’re in, or someone’s gone a bit overboard with the renovations of a hospital canteen.
John clenches his teeth, "Understood. Would you like me to start trying to recall the exact minute you ruined my life, or can I use the broader interpretation and expand it to the date?"
http://sherlockbbc-fic.livejournal.com/20063.html?thread=120986463#t120986463
Anger forces his words before John can stop them. "Piss off already, you don't own me." The same hand is gripping his throat now, pressing him into the couch. John can't breathe.
“He’s waking,” Moriarty alerted Sherlock. Both were equally as clothed as John, “Or as close to it as he can be. Hello Johnny. You certainly gave us quite the fright earlier. For a moment, it seemed as though you would actually succeed in your escape. How fortuitous for us, that the blizzard, the caring villagers, and your insatiable need for justice kept you tethered, rather than simply fleeing for the hills as soon as you’d recovered.”
Sherlock’s fingers blindly roamed to find the wet spot of John’s release on the bed, and when he did he smeared it over John’s belly. Sherlock had no reason for it, besides a visceral desire to see the boy as filthy as possible. In both the literal and metaphorical sense. The boy did little more than mumble in protest at the act, as he was still attempting to remember how to breathe.
With him like this, John began to seriously doubt that he’d seen him conscious and responsive just a short while ago. Maybe he’d imagined it, desperate for the kid to be okay. John sighed deeply and set his overnight bag on the table.
with others at all? People are boring, dull. You see one mindless horde of sheep you've seen them all. What could possibly be the appeal of letting them divert your attention away from me?"
Sherlock stops pressing on the sound, which gives John a few precious seconds to catch his breath. It abruptly leaves his lungs when Sherlock begins to pull the thing out of him.
drugs. Sherlock was the only one who looked like he was. I’d heard the principal was planning to expel him for it.”
John looks around, hoping to catch the gaze of his professor and gauge a reaction. Across the room, Holmes puts down the last test and looks up just in time. If John hadn't been looking for it, he would've missed it, and he wished he did. When those haunting grey eyes look into John's worried blue, they slightly darken, and his mouth has the barest traces of a frown. He's not just disappointed, he's angry.
hand committing the perversions is it? Come on Sherlock,” he pressed himself so deeply inside of John that the edges of his hipbones rested flush against his backside, “he’s practically keening for it. Are you really going to deny your precious John the thorough debasement he so clearly craves?”
He pushed aside more dirt. Ivory fingers shifted and lengths of spines twisted from the movement. A few pelvises and several different ulnas, all slowly revealed themselves as John partook in the gruesome dig. He stopped with his hands blackened up to his wrists. He looked around at the other flower beds, and knew their contents without having to scavenge.
A thousand ideas for distraction scramble for supremacy in John’s brain, but the tip of the sound presses onto his impossibly small opening, and he has just enough time to steal a breath.
It made veins of smugness run through John’s pleasure, that no matter what sexual encounters Sherlock had in the past, he was clearly erasing them from his mind.
“Well now, isn’t this familiar,” Jim crooned. John felt vomit climb at the back of his throat as hatred turned his vision red. “Thankfully for the both of us,” Jim said, “it will have a different outcome than the last time I had a Watson pinned underneath me like this.”
Moriarty perceived his disquieted look and took pity on him, “How about we go back inside and you can tell me all about it? I always relish a chance to hear Sherlock thrown in a disreputable light. Especially considering that you seem to insist on seeing nothing but the best in him.”
John arches so far off the couch Sherlock has to push him back to prevent him from falling.
Sherlock didn’t say anything for a breathless moment. Then he chuckled and said, “Of course John. After all, there’s no telling what it would do to your sensitivity. I’d hate to ruin that.” He bent down to run a forked tongue against John’s nipples to demonstrate.
“Mm, not that,” John disagreed, running his hands up and down Sherlock’s pale back, “just that you hardly need to be gentle with me. Or feel like you need to, ah,” Sherlock had bitten down on the skin of his neck, “put me at ease.”
“Being recognized for your work, and knowing you did something incredible, isn’t the same as conforming to every teenager with an opinion,” John sternly said. “You’ve always been brilliant, but now people are finally paying attention to that. Weren’t you sick of people not recognizing your gifts?”
Christ, he had royally fucked this up.
John couldn’t help but kiss him. It was like a small wave against a sandy shore, unstoppable and gentle. He kissed him over and over until he felt like he was leaving imprints in the shape of his lips.
With everything filing away inside of his mind, Sherlock moves on to the slumped corpse.
An unheard annoyed breath left Sherlock. He had arrangements to make. The sooner they were done, the better. He sent an expectant look towards Mycroft.
When the clue finally occurred to him, he nearly slammed his head against the dirty brick in an effort to clear the (apparently contagious) stupidity from his brain.
The doubt seeped into John’s mind, as sticky and putrid as tar. He couldn’t scrub it away from his thoughts.
Their lips press together, and John is reciprocating admirably, but he has no desire to attempt dominance right now. It's not safe for Harry. John pulls away first, chest brushing against Sherlock's with every inhale. When he opens his eyes, his pupils are blown with arousal and adrenaline.
Sherlock hovered inches above John’s exposed skin. John could feel the space in between spark with potential. He wasn’t sure if his hand had a tremor, but he felt like every part of him was shaking as he reached up to cup Sherlock’s face.
This is the absolute worst day of John's life. John looks back down at the accusing words and swallows the lump in his throat. When he's packing away the test, he dimly notices that his hands are shaking.
There are stories of course. There are always stories. Wicked witches, crooked and gnarled from the evil they have cast upon the world. Examples abound in fiction. The sweet-smelling house meant to tempt children. The green-skinned enslaver hunting a girl and her companions.
The staccato of the droplets tell him the words, ‘sunshine’, ‘crow’ and ‘ides’. A blonde is going to be murdered on the fifteenth, and judging by the distinct shape that keeps reappearing, it’s going to happen in the Islington Borough. He tamps down the frustration of Seeing things that don’t matter.
That night John had begun feeling rather flushed shortly after dinner, and drowsy as well. He’d gone to bed in lighter night clothes to combat his heated skin.
The wet smack of the body brings John back to his senses, while the scent of blood still triggers his primeval rage. He shakes his head, attempting to get himself back under control.
“No?” Sherlock repeated as he tilted his head.
The last syllable had barely left her lips before dozens of blackened skeletal hands shot from the floor. They cinched tightly to her exposed bones, as seamless and unbreakable as manacles. Harriet’s mouth opened wide in a startled scream. The sound echoed in John’s skull as she was pulled out of sight.
While John was slowly gathering himself back together, Sherlock stripped himself of all of his clothes. He hissed at the cold air that brushed against his hot prick, but a few strokes of his own hand took care of that discomfort.
“I got caught up in…all of it. You. You were amazing and brilliant and you saw me as someone worthy of your time. I got addicted to that. I shouldn’t have. I kept wanting to--”
“No,” John finally replied, “no that…that won’t be necessary Jim. I just need some time alone. To organize my thoughts and come up with a suitable apology, more than likely.” He ran a hand through his sandy hair. A smear of sweat clung to his palm when he pulled it away. “Consider the issue forgotten until then.”
Sherlock makes a satisfied sound, “I’m glad. Hold on for one moment.”
False modesty rewards him with John’s exasperatedly fond look, which is why he does it.
This was a grievous oversight. Sherlock cursed himself for having been so caught up in their activities to have missed it.
He felt anger, guilt, and helplessness burn a hole where his recently returned dignity used to be.
John continues to look dubious. Sherlock doesn’t blame him. He’s seen stories made from drizzles, and John knows this.
"You don't get to keep me cooped up anymore," John's surprised at how steady he sounds, and that this is the first term he lets slip. He'd meant to start off small, but the damage is done. And this has been bugging at him for the longest goddamn time.
John watches the whole movie like this, shifting every once in a while to get into a semi-better position. Neither one of them says a single word. When the credits roll, Sherlock turns off the television, and brings the lights back on. John's blinking his vision back to normal when Sherlock is striding over to him.
“No, I mean,” John suddenly knew that what he was about to suggest would sound ridiculous, but it was too late to stop, “becoming a policeman.”
over letting Sherlock’s voice be the thing that guides him back from a panic attack.
John blinks from the words that come pouring out of this strange man's mouth. Did he even have time to breathe?
"Pleased to meet you John," she says, a little carefully. Probably doesn't want to startle the psycho. "That was your boyfriend right? That just left? How long have you two been together?" John wants to laugh at the word 'boyfriend'. 'Owner' or 'Master' is probably more appropriate. But he can't say that, of course.
The shifting dislodges the water, and John trails after it, a whine of protest escaping him. The sound sends another jolt down Sherlock's spine. Watching John's sweaty body strain against his bonds after his source of hydration sparks his cruel ingenious.
"Sherlock-" Lestrade starts reproachfully, but Sherlock interrupts him, standing from the sofa in an infuriated flourish.
Sherlock blinked at John. He shifted himself downward, and suddenly he was on top of John in his human form. “You’re being truthful? You would willingly give this up for me?”
Lestrade’s face had turned to righteous thunder. He turned to the two men who had remained entirely calm as their reputations were publicly dragged through the muck. “Gentlemen, these are some grave accusations attached to your names. What have you to say before I commence this investigation?”
How he returned to his own rooms was a mystery. It felt as though everything was being perceived through a fogged lens while he tried to navigate a floor that refused to stop rocking. As he fell onto the bed, he realized Sherlock was not in it. He looked around the room, only half able to perceive its contents. His husband was not one of them.
Sherlock doesn’t smirk triumphantly, which is a relief. John’s not sure if he could refrain from punching it off of his face if he did. Instead Sherlock motions towards the waiting staff again.
He meant for it to sound bitter, and it did. It sounded like the taste of copper after the inside of a cheek has been bitten to keep a smile rigidly in place. Yet Sherlock’s eyes were gleaming with wonder, rather than alight with anger.
The fire is chased away in short sunbursts from the blunts of Sherlock's teeth. The precious water soaking into the sheets is lost in memory. John arches further, offering more of his skin for Sherlock's perusal. Never letting up with his tongue, Sherlock's hands reach between them, trailing over John's chest. His long fingers dance over John's nipples, bringing them to hard nubs. Teasingly, he flicks over them with his dry fingertips. When they're filled with blood, he pinches them hard.
John does his broken grin again, "You have no idea." He continues to shovel, and when he feels less like a ravenous wolf, he asks, "So, why are you here so late?"
“Sleeplessness,” John half-lied, feeling sick at the omission even while the leaves in his hand clumped together from his sweat. “I thought I’d wander to get my mind to settle so I could finally rest.”
And although John loathed to lie to his husband, when he could still be so very wrong about all of this, strategy dictated that Sherlock believe his own convictions.
There were words being spoken above him. They slowly carried him away from the muffled blackness of his mind. The lights were dim, and gave everything long and shifting shadows.
Another batch of time goes by, and John is beginning to feel…rather bored really. He doesn’t see why they couldn’t have done this while John was watching television. If the experiment of the day is to see if John cracks under boredom, then he’s not sure if Sherlock will be pleased or disappointed.
John awoke to a numbing state of grogginess and an overwhelming amount of white.
“He always has been,” Sherlock agreed, “though I think your tea has something to do with it.”
Sherlock has another indulgent look at the scar, and mutters reluctantly, "Another time." When Sherlock looks back at John, eyes still angry but helplessly hazy, Sherlock tamps down the urge to kiss once more. To consume and know John purely through his lips. Later, he promises himself. Save it for later. Sherlock pushes John gently back from the pants still pooled around his feet. The upset in his balance causes John to hit the side of the furniture with his back. And John notices that there's definitely a bag there, because his ankles can feel the burlap.
Quickly, he launches from the roof to knock into the boasting human. The sheer weight of him sends the man toppling, and John is sure he heard a few ribs crack.
I already told you that. A drug ring. There’s been an increased amount of drug distribution on the campus grounds. Is this really not ringing any bells for you?”
The next item was a coroner’s report. Attached to it was a small piece of scrap paper reading, “Keep for future use if physician becomes troublesome. Not the first report he’s bungled, but definitely the most damning. – JM”. John flipped it up, and felt bile sting the back of his throat as he read the name ‘Harriet A. Watson’.
“Ready to go?” Sherlock asked.
Mary blinked at him, “What?”
Seb does what he's told, and kneels in front of Jim while the man tugs painfully on his hair. Lapping at Jim's cock like he's been trained to do, he thinks of John Watson. Thinks of the soldier's spirit that had still been burning away in those eyes. Thinks of the way Sherlock had looked at the box in terrifying hunger when he'd been in that creep's room. He thinks of what's in store for John and his stubborn streak in the coming months.
Seething, Mycroft said, "When I had the grace of Dr. Watson's company, I told him that you were a volatile and dangerous man, dear brother. That he should accept my offering of employment before you brought harm to him, and possibly everyone he knows. Apparently, he thought I was being threatening."
He was so exhausted that as he pulled himself up, he thought for sure his trembling muscles would fail him. Every part of him ached and begged for rest. His desperation and anxiety for what the future held pushed his body’s limitations.
Seeing her by his side, with a beautiful gold band on her left hand after he’d saved for months, with laughter lines around her eyes and that devilishly crooked grin, he’d often ask her what he would’ve done without her.
Mary smiled, “Don’t worry about it. I can certainly understand the need to have John for yourself.”
“Yes, of course,” John nodded while his mind raced. Perhaps this was even better news than just receiving the education he craved. If he had an objective eye within the house, perhaps he would feel less alone. Or even obtain context or clarification of what he perceived day to day.
Sherlock. As in mingle? As in even passably interact with a group of folks I've never seen before?" John sees the possessive flash in Sherlock's eyes and is prepared for the next statement.
They both giggled. When John nearly bumped into him after he tried to walk on the same bit of pavement, the sound halted.
John can’t breathe for almost thirty seconds.
Sherlock unbuckles John from the stool, and gently lowers him beside it. John's can't help but shiver when Sherlock slowly removes the cock ring from his throbbing dick. The drugs are still active, so John is unable to put up much of a fight. As Sherlock carries away John's soiled clothes and the duffel bag, he leaves with a warning. "Remember John, you will not like the consequences if you try to masturbate." The door seals behind Sherlock, and John is alone, but he certainly does not feel safe.
John sucks in a breath, and Sherlock watches his violent flashback with something like awe. "Also," John rubs his sweaty palms on his cotton pants, "we should move. Into a flat. Or at least somewhere with a bloody kitchen."
Jim tries not to shift, but his erection is starting to strain painfully against his trousers. He moves to get comfortable, and nearly dislodges John in the process. Even in the swirl of sensation he's lost in, John doesn't miss the movement. Jim clenches John's wrists to reassure him, but John moves anyway. His hands shift to go in between Jim's thighs, and the man parts them in surprise. John scoots back a little on his feet, and he bends so far he's almost parallel to the ground.
The dragon’s eyes bore into John’s. It felt as though the gaze could see into his skull and drink in all of his fear. With a deep breath, the former soldier said, “I would appreciate it, quite immensely, if you’d refrain from doing so.”
Preferably by making sure that Sherlock Holmes and his whole fucking "Evil Lair" burn to the ground.
Just then, the door to his room opened. Sherlock had pushed away the door with his back in order to accommodate the tray he was carrying. He was clearly surprised to see John out of bed when he said, “Ah, you’re awake! I would have thought you’d be recuperating for far longer.”
He pulls aside the small stone opening that sectioned off the sacred area. He nearly vomits from the sight.
? Why risk so much after having been betrayed for a people that never thank you, never know what you do, never see you as anything more than an urban legend?”
Thankfully it was too cold for a stable boy to be present. He found his own horse and only fitted it for a bridle before leading it outside. The creature clearly picked up on his distress and the harsh conditions, for it nearly fought him every step of the way. But John was a good rider, and he was desperate to keep it under control. Eventually it broke to his will.
John cleared his throat. He was vastly underprepared for this sort of social cue. He had no idea how to end this. Was he supposed to say ‘Thanks for making me think you were a drug addict and bringing me along for a drugs bust, I had a marvelous time?’
Sherlock huffed a laugh, “Well, that’s what he’ll have to be satisfied with. You were right, I did want his henchmen to stop following me, but I could never seem to catch their patterns. He must rotate their shifts.”
“I hope so. We can’t keep him like this indefinitely just to suit our needs.” John wondered how on earth Sherlock was able to sound so steady while he was dragging his prick in and out of his body.
“A drink that has been the only change in my routine or diet, and has led to dizziness and an unnerving loss of time,” John argued through gritted teeth.
Sherlock is certain John can hear the moment his heart skips. He’d only been performing his…’encouragements’ for a few weeks. Hardly a long stretch of time by anyone’s standards. Especially for burgeoning feelings. Does this mean that John had been harboring these inclinations before this all started?
John was pulled past the threshold, and he clung to Sherlock’s shirt to be sure they didn’t lose their closeness. The door was shut by one of them, turning the rain and the outside world into a forgotten backdrop.
“She killed herself John,” Sherlock said. “She’s the one who put that bottle to her lips. Not Moriarty, not me, and certainly not you. But you saw her ghost, didn’t you John?”
A long hand clasps over his mouth when he walks through the door. The arm pulls him close, and immobilizes his free arm from moving. Before John can drop the bag and get his bearings, something sharp pokes his neck. He feels a very unpleasant pressure, and the syringe is pulled out of him. The arm lets him go, and John reels away clutching the slowly swelling area .
Well, John was tired of self-deprecation for now. He was going to enjoy himself or choke on the effort.
John sighed, and it felt like a release of so much satisfaction rather than stress.
“No pressure,” John dryly said, “Hang on, ‘transaction’? You mean you’re going to try and bust him for selling you drugs? By yourself?”
“Debatable,” And John could either slap himself, or try to bite off his tongue and end all of his troubles.
“Flip him over for me would you?” Jim asked as he unstopped something, “He has such a lovely and smooth back. I would love to have it pressed against me.”
“He did tell me some troubling things about you.” John held up his hand to stave off Sherlock’s words, “Really, it’s alright Sherlock. I expected it.”
When Sherlock hears Lestrade's trademark unannounced entry and heavy gait up the steps, he quickly flops back down onto the sofa. He readjusts his dressing gown, letting it flutter around his unchanged pajamas. He stares at the ceiling, forcing his grey eyes to lose their angry glaze. He presses his fingertips to his plush lips, as if in deep thought.
Unable to stop, but wanting to show that he didn’t mind and that everything was alright, John reached out and gripped Sherlock’s arm. The boy was back to looking incomparably pleased, but he still demanded, “You can’t laugh here, it’s a crime scene.”
Sherlock pulls his fingers out completely, and John abuses his strung out vocal chords once more. No, no he wants more pleasure now. Bring it back. He knows there's something unpleasant about to happen, even if he's forgotten what it was. There, a steady burn, spreading from his abdomen up to his chest. It wasn't there a moment ago. He wants it gone. Please, make it stop.
He watches John’s face contort into entirely new expressions instead of watching his own fingers.
Sherlock does so, flipping through channels without any thought or care to what they’re showing. Their shutters rattle in disapproval. The wind wails about Sherlock’s audacity.
"Come to my office after school, we will arrange something then. Off you go, be sure to inform Mr. 'Jim' of what has transpired here. I'm sure he'll be pleased." John's too busy dashing out the door to catch the odd tone in the last word.
He only had to say the words.
Sherlock was so infuriated by John’s answer that he bellowed a stream of fire up above them. The stifling heat caused John to turn his face away. With the ends of the flames still licking the corners of Sherlock’s mouth, he picked John up again and tossed him back onto the bed.
It was their own private game, something no one else would notice. Sherlock took greedy pride in being swamped by strangers who had no inkling just how unlucky they were.
Sherlock breathes, "Go into the bedroom, strip down. I'll be right back." He makes to dash to his small lab at the top of the stairs, but is stopped by the hand that grips his arm.
“What’s your name?” John asked without addressing his miraculously ‘healed’ leg.
“You’re an excellent marksman. The distraction with the machinery was inspired.”
“Couldn’t tell you Bach from Beethoven,” John answered honestly, “but music is music. I don’t have to fully understand art to appreciate it.”
"How long are you going to keep me in here?" The shadow pauses, and the reply doesn't surprise him, but it fills him with horror all the same.
“A courtesy we appreciate officer,” Sherlock said, “and one that you will find illuminates things quite well.”
Jim's hands come up to run over his goose bumped arms. The action eases his anxiety, but he still jumps when he feels Sherlock's hands mimic the movement on his back. He lets out a soft groan when those long hands reach down and firmly cup John's bottom.
John's despairing over what that second option could possibly be, when the door to his cell opens.
Sherlock began to gently guide John down onto the bed, pushing in rare gentle insistence.
"I find that the human body is quite akin to a violin. So many different sounds, if one only knows how to play it correctly." His fingers dance over the varying tools, feeling the familiar heady rush of a life placed in his hands. A life he can manipulate entirely, before getting rid of another festering boil in human existence. Mentioning the violin makes him wonder if John is a fan of the instrument. If he would be interested in hearing Sherlock play, "Of course, one can not simply pick up a bow and become an expert."
Keeping the lube in one hand, Sherlock reaches with his free hand for John's soft cock. John jerks again, and bites his own lip to keep silent. Sherlock's hands are almost searing hot against his clammy skin. Despite John's horror of the situation, he starts filling with blood. He hasn't climaxed, and his body remembers the denied pleasure from yesterday. Anger at his own body colors his cheeks again, but he does nothing else.
Sherlock frowned, "I thought that was rather the point Jim. He has to get used to the idea of having sex with me. The quickest way to do that is to over-saturate the experience."
“Responsive, isn’t he?” Jim looked at Sherlock.
mouth. But they're there. And they're not going away.
John’s eyes narrowed, but he had clearly expected this question. He didn’t hesitate in responding, “My uncle was a knight and died in the act of serving his King, my lord. He taught me the basics of the duties of a knighthood. I do not have much training, but I would ask to be a squire, my lord. Please let your King’s own knights decide if I-“
John felt better saying it was poison rather than its true purpose. God willing, he’d go to the grave with the knowledge that people viewed him as a hapless fool who escaped through sheer luck, rather than a witless bedmate meant to satiate the appetite of two devils.
Sherlock glanced down at his moving hand, loving the way John's flesh hardened increasingly in his grip. Sherlock took the time to notice that he was grinding against John's side. His erection was pressed uncomfortably between his pants zipper and the nylon, but he didn't move to release himself. Right now, John was more important.
Sherlock pulls away from John long enough to say, "Then find some other way to enjoy this." before diving back in.
When Sherlock was a little less than halfway seated, the boy clutched at Sherlock’s back pleading, “Stop! Just-wait. Wait, please.”
“I’m trying to catch a drug trafficking ring.”
“Good God,” Sherlock bemoaned, “is idiocy contagious? Did this town sink its claws into you within the last few hours? Yes, I live next to you. I have since I’ve moved here, which was approximately thirty-two hours ago. Now that you’re all caught up, do you mind if I also borrow some of your vinegar?”
, and I will not be shoved aside like a raving child.”
Without warning, Sherlock parts him and begins applying the ointment. The cold is a shock, and John flinches. The thought filters through of the guards outside, watching this. Making sure he's playing the docile little prisoner while he's being fondled for his wounds. John grits his teeth and buries his face deeper into his arms. He's so lost in self-loathing he nearly misses what Sherlock's telling him.
He hadn’t felt happy, but he certainly hadn’t grieved.
"No! No, John please, I just, want to go home and I have a cab waiting, but I couldn't stand being alone so, I know this is a big favor but could you please just-" this time he cuts himself off, choking back a sob.
It’s the proper grip that he needs before he starts thrusting without warning.
“I see,” Jim said delicately as he brought John’s warm plate over along with a carafe. “Well, unfortunately I just remembered some business that I have to attend to on my own. I’m sure I’ll see you later Johnny.”
to use the Holmes' name in this place.
John laughed, “Oh my god, you did not just seriously compare yourself to classical symphonies.”
There was a protest that John couldn’t hear, and a sharp retort that he certainly did catch, “Yes, now, or I swear by God you’ll be sharing its pen for the night. Now go!”
No one was able to keep silent. Groans, pants and the wet sounds of one body accepting two was a lewd chorus. It was akin to a symphony to most of the trio, and a sickening discord to one of them.
Overcome with frustration at being thwarted when he had been so damnably
And John knew he wouldn’t be able to hide that. He had always been a terrible liar. And although they had grown distant, Mary would still be able to pick up that something was on his mind. Their vacation would become the weekend of her trying to uncover what he was hiding.
John thrusted his hips up in response. He managed to momentarily brush his erection against Sherlock’s and both men keened from the frustration.
“You’ve already forgotten, John,” Sherlock murmured as he placed the boy’s legs around his hips, “I plan to reduce you to nothing but a sated little harlot. And I’ve barely begun to unravel you.”
Lestrade raised an eyebrow, but when Sherlock failed to explain, he just sighed and left. Donovan followed, curiosity winning out over spiting Sherlock the satisfaction of anything.
No. Of course not, stupid. Toys then? Does this thing have
John hid his blush with another sip. He noticed something and asked, “Neither of you are having any?”
It's when he goes to eat his meal at the desk that he notices the chair is mysteriously gone. John...really isn't sure what to make of that. Is it punishment for something? An effort to humiliate him if he eats on the floor?
The gargoyle still looks unsure, so Sherlock speeds it along, "It's either this, or you can go back on the rooftop and I can find a saw to make the opening bigger."
John growled in impatience. He gripped his husband’s arms to hasten the thrusts, but only then did he realize that with Sherlock’s weight pinning him to the bed, he had no leverage to speak of. He moaned in frustration, his twitching hips were unable to grant him the pace he desired. Stretched and aching, John was kept this way until he thought his skin was the only thing that kept him from flying apart.
“Why not?”
“She was right,” John spat.
“Go to sleep,” John murmured, already being drawn down into slumber. He hoped Sherlock wouldn’t mind his lack of stamina. Sherlock squeezed him closer, and pressed soft kisses into his neck until John went to sleep. John decided Sherlock didn’t really care.
Instincts kick in, and John pats him down for his wallet. He feels a stab of guilt when he opens it up to a pretty woman smiling at the camera in the center of the leather. John takes the twenty quid he finds, as well as the man's shoes. They're a tight fit, but they're certainly better than nothing. John debates with himself, and ends up stealing the jacket as well. The thing is hideous beyond all measure, but at least it's warm. John leaves the alley, promising himself that he'll let the police know where this guy is. He might work for Sherlock, but something tells John it's not entirely voluntary.
“You don’t have to be saints to qualify for decency Moriarty. Besides which, you’ve already let slip your own callous façade.”
His sweat soaked clothes itched as they clung to his suddenly clammy skin.
Sherlock kneels down, watching John struggle to remain still. The gag is as firm as a bridle’s bit, but made of yielding plastic to avoid any chipped teeth. Ropes are knotted through the holes at either end, and the taut cords encircle John’s ankles with expertly tied knots.
John skimmed over it, picking up most words like ‘protégé’, ‘pride of the school’, and ‘gifted genius’. John couldn’t help but acerbically recall these same teachers whispering about Sherlock’s observations in the staff lounge like he was practicing black magic.
“Enough, Moriarty.”
To deliberately try and better himself, at the prompting of someone that he admired, went a little bit beyond just a normal crush. That was compromise. That was a mature response to someone you cared about showing concern over poor habits.
John crossed his arms, ready to use his Captain voice. Experimentation in the name of science was all well and good, but one does not barge into another’s house and steal their tea. He stopped himself at the sight of Sherlock’s clear hesitation in adding the teabags to his tiny pile of pilfered goods. The boy’s face was twisted in indecision, and the sudden uncertainty drew John up short.
John had gone back to the meadow. If he was honest with himself, he wasn’t sure what he hoped to accomplish if Sherlock was there. Dragons were stubborn creatures by nature, and he was sure Sherlock excelled in that characteristic above his peers. Just as he excelled in all things.
John had nothing to say that didn’t sound like saccharine drivel. He was also, stupidly and weirdly, focused on the revelation that Sherlock was gay.
The gargoyle takes it, but raises an incredulous eyebrow at the fabric. Sherlock only calls it an eyebrow because he can't think of another word for it. Where there should be smooth bone and slight gatherings of hair, the gargoyle seems to have a more pronounced forehead structure. It looks like thickened skin or bone ridges. Possibly even horns. Sherlock bounces on his feet in a burst of impatience.
John began to curse in his head. The room had windows that he could directly see into, but taking a shot through glass was always tricky, and the awkward angle the catwalk afforded him didn’t help anything. He also wouldn’t be able to hear anything that went on in there. The evidence wouldn’t be documented.
The smell of disinfectant and viscera is worth it for the sour look on Anderson’s face when Sherlock points them in the direction of the victim’s baker.
“And I’m sure having access to premium drugs didn’t sway your decision?” Snow asked.
It feels as though those words were the key to unlocking the encryption that is Sherlock Holmes’ motivation.
"Kidney." Sherlock curtly replied while complying with the order.
Had it already happened? Had someone from his class offered him a ride? Was he too late?
Broken by his former lover’s apathy, John hunched over and clenched the bedding in his grip. Anguish over his imprisonment and sorrow over what they had become threatened to smother him. He couldn’t stop a short but mournful wail.
John’s gun was illegal, unloaded, and hidden in a box in his closet underneath some marriage counseling books. He never thought too hard about what kind of metaphor that implied.  He stuffed it behind his back and covered it with his jacket. He kept the ammo in his front pocket.
Sherlock mistakes John's movements for adjustments, and grits his teeth when John abortively thrusts himself against his cock. It's a shock to him when John snarls below him, "For God's sake, fucking move already!"
“I-I was just-”, John cleared his throat to try and sooth his cracking voice, “I thought I heard…something.”
what he should be concerned about. He should be concerned that two teachers are engaging in sexual relations with a student! He should be talking about how this is the absolute worst place to do this! (No, no they shouldn't be doing this at all so that doesn't work either) He shouldn't be talking about how he's never had experience! (snogging at a New Year's Eve party on a dare doesn't count) That's the wrong thing to bring to light!
John mumbled back, “Did I mean what?”
“I’m afraid you suffered some slow acting side effects from the plant that you…acquired. You were feverish and delirious. Jim found you after he’d heard you collapse onto the floor. Do you not remember?”
“Say that you are mine, John, and I will move.”
“Are you sure?” John asked. “I mean, I would rather be the one to do it than have some trenchcoated arsehole take pictures, but I don’t exactly feel right giving your brother so much as a ‘Fuck off, he’s doing fine.’”
Sherlock minutely dragged himself in and out of John’s body, setting a slow rhythm that must have been tailored to drive John mad. Guttural moans slipped from the both of them, growing in volume the faster Sherlock sped. Sherlock curled himself over John’s body, biting into the junction of John’s neck and shoulder. John cried out from a pain that somehow fueled his pleasure.
He tips John’s head back by his hair, and keeps kissing him in earnest. He moves until John’s back presses against the wall.
John’s mind was caught on the previously unknown fact that Sherlock had been staying in his classes. He had assumed as much, given the stories that Sherlock had told him, and the way the teachers had all begun murmuring about devilish protégés into their coffee mugs more frequently. But the fact that Mycroft remarked on that particular change meant there had been a time when Sherlock hadn’t been able to or didn’t want to. Done with such alarming frequency that it became noteworthy when Sherlock actually attended school.
Both John and the officer stared open mouthed at Sherlock’s story. Before John could even think of a rational response, Sherlock continued. “Doctor John Watson is his name, he helped me document the evidence of a prominent community member fronting drugs through a nonprofit organization. You may want to go ahead and contact your superior.”
Sherlock gently swirled his tongue over and over again, enjoying the way John pushed his chest further towards Sherlock’s lips.
“If you can’t hold still, I’ll tie your hands to the bed and leave you here,” Sherlock says in the same tone that asks John to pass the sugar.
John picks up his writhing in fevered earnest, and his shoulders will doubtlessly suffer terrible rug burn. His ankles dig into the small of Sherlock’s back, but Sherlock welcomes the discomfort to hear John murmur, “Please, please Sherlock, please.”
John's face has lost all color, and he stumbles back onto the bed. He collapses, running his hand over his face. It feels searing hot against his cold skin. Even though that can't be right, because the sweat is sticking to his hair. He looks back up at the stranger, and the man watches with something that John can only describe as cold empathy. He's been down this road before, doesn't wish it on anyone, but he simply can't spare the emotion to care.
“Fuck,” John gasped out. Feeling himself spasm around something firm and warm made a stubborn knot unravel in John’s stomach. Sherlock’s hands suddenly grabbed hold of John’s hips. As if John had plans to move anywhere. Judging from the harsh panting that was out of pace with John’s, it was more that Sherlock had needed something to cling to.
Another vision of his ghostly sister. When their father had died, all John had seen was his beaten face reflected in decanters and whiskey bottles. He wondered if the intensity was reflective of his love for his sibling over his father. If that was true, John darkly hoped that he would die before Sherlock, lest he go mad with the consequences.
Sherlock shrugged, “The atmosphere of a restaurant is hardly of consequence. But as added motivation, the owner agreed to give us our own sequestered area so we’re not bothered by other patrons. Besides, the online reviews have consistent positive recommendations for this place.”
He knew he should make her stay. He wanted to fight for her. He wanted to return to when things had been simpler and the laughter had come easily, instead of this festering silence that turned into rot.
Again, that had been resolved. And disobedience isn't rewarded with expensive clothes. He honestly can't think of why Sherlock has bought him something so luxurious, and the man rolls his eyes in aggravation. "Anniversary, John," he drawls, "It's our one year anniversary today. Usually these imbecilic society driven days of importance call for special gifts and activities don't they?"
He pulled John’s head to the side, and John growled at the rough treatment before the noise turned into a gasp. Sherlock worried at the skin above John’s collarbone with hard nips and sucks until it was satisfyingly wet under his lips.
Still, as much as he loved his husband and found Jim to occasionally be a stimulating conversationalist, he needed a bit of time to himself. So he told Sherlock where he was off to, and he protested far more firmly than John had expected.
He hesitated at the foot of a ladder. Sherlock noticed and nodded to him, “I’ll be fine. All I need is the video evidence, and who his supplier is. Once we have those, I’ll leave, and you follow behind me. Then we’ll go to the police. I promise.”
He catches the hand that was straying underneath him, and brings the other one up to pin it against his leg. He still strokes himself, and his breathing becomes shaky when John moans in desperation. Sherlock pistons out of John now. The squelch of wet flesh picks up in tempo.
Necromancy was never one of his strengths. That surprises so many people that he should be offended by it, but Sherlock has more than enough talents to make up for it.
John’s hands clench tightly around the sheets, twisting them around his grip instead of contorting his upper body into a spiral. He wants to remain absolutely still for what’s about to happen.
John looked for the source of the noise and found a woman crouched low to the ground. The room was brighter than the sunless earth, but still dim. Still, John knew it was his sister’s apparition.
“Don’t whine,” Sherlock said, “I wanted us away from the car as much as possible. Ah, here we are.”
The words worm their way into John’s mind, spiraling through his nerves and lighting them on fire. John bucks up into Sherlock’s thrusts, desperate to nullify his senses.
Yet John still leans a little too close to Sherlock whenever he reaches for something. John doesn’t say a word when Sherlock’s feet end up on his lap while they’re watching television. John picks up Sherlock’s dirty teacups with barely a grumble.
His hands steadily undid the buttons before John had finished the thought. Sherlock didn’t move to help him. He kept his hands on either side of John’s head, like he was afraid John would duck away at any moment.
John was rolled over onto his front. He felt Sherlock’s weight drape across his naked back. Sherlock still remained clothed, but the evidence of his eagerness pressed against the small of John’s back.
John sat up and took the drink from her with a nod of thanks. After he’d quenched himself and warmed his fingers he asked, “I’m sorry if we’ve met, but I can’t recall your name?”
John walked towards the glass greenhouse. The sound of his crunching steps kept tempo to the mantra that had begun in his head. The need to look, the need to know, the need to be certain. Even if he was confident, beyond a doubt, of what he would find. He needed to see it with his own eyes.
It took a while for him to respond, but finally the young man said, “Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes.”
“That’s surprisingly astute of you,” said the kid who really needed to lay off of the hard sibilant sounds, or John was going to lose his composure, “what else?”
John swung open the safe door, and was surprised and relieved to see that all of the documents were exactly as he had left them. It seemed strange to him; in all of the time that he was gone, they had not tried to sweep away their guilt.
Not willing to drag this out any longer, John answers, “Just wondering if prison would be very different from my daily life.”
Over the past few months, he’d gained a fiancé and lost a sister. Sherlock was everything they needed and, miraculously, also everything John wanted.
It’s when Sherlock starts alternating between pressing down his hand and humming around John’s prick that his control cracks.
Which didn’t make any sense because that had been in John’s jeans. John patted his empty pocket, and frowned at the teenager. Sherlock shrugged, “You didn’t bring my phone. Yours will have to do. What’s your passcode?”
They didn’t believe him. He felt that singular fact echo through him like a drop in an empty well.
Sherlock goes back in to the bathroom to check on John. He hasn't moved from the shower spot. He's rooted, ears straining for the slightest hint of noise. Sherlock strides over, letting his presence be known to not startle John. The man immediately turns his attention to the direction of the noise. Sherlock can't stop the thrill of finally having John's mind focused solely on him.
John glanced at the clock. By now, Sherlock should be home. Maybe it would take him longer if he wasn’t able to find a ride. John immediately conjured up several scenarios where Sherlock could be endangered and alone, but he shoved them away.
"Oi!" John flexes the appendage, but he doesn't let go.
John’s hands stopped fiddling with his cup. Like a swift current that briefly revealed the fish-picked bones of a skeleton, John realized he was being deliberately redirected. He still didn’t think…it wasn’t
Which made it seem like a full day had passed by before Sherlock had taken him out again. It's always a test of his will, putting John back into the box. Each time John clutches a little tighter to him, silently begging to be set free, to come home. But John's still not ready quite yet. He's so very close though. Sherlock has him teetering on the edge of breaking, of complete and total compliance.
“The view is better from here,” Sherlock reasoned.
“Oi. You get
A whispering voice echoed off of the walls, “Down, down with the filth is where I am. Down, down with the filth is where I’ll be.”
Plus, he knows Sherlock would draw it out in retribution.
“That you’re mine.”
Mycroft hummed a small note that could have been equal parts approval or disbelief.
"Stand up and turn toward me lovely, there you go," Jim coos approvingly when John obediently moves. Like this, he feels irrationally vulnerable, with his back facing Sherlock and so much empty space between them. Two of them may not be wearing any clothes, but John is the only one who feels naked.
When dessert came, and John bit into his tiramisu, he would have happily let Angelo break his arm if it meant he could eat here for free indefinitely.
“Clearly an unsuccessful one. Those crushed robins’ eggs did absolutely nothing.”
For minutes, John waits for the other shoe to drop. But it doesn't come. Sherlock just keeps scratching his pen over the paper, and humming at intervals. John nearly jolts out of his chair when Sherlock asks, "Can you pick up several varieties of biros when you go out?"
So he arranges most of the man’s abdominal contents to his intended purpose, and begins whispering in a language that everyone besides the diligently trained have forgotten.
His arm was free from her grip, yet moving the limb seemed as impossible as moving a pen solely with his thoughts. She repeated the grotesque practice for a fourth time before speaking again, “Each one feels more painful than the last. Until you reach the final one.”
It's only half open, wide enough for him to see that the left side of the hallway is empty. That doesn't mean the right side is clear too, he reminds himself. It could be a trick. It's most likely a trick. A way to test his loyalty and give Sherlock a good reason to "discipline" him.
Sherlock's looking at him now the same way he always does whenever John's done something surprising. With absolute and undisguised hunger. Sherlock moves, and suddenly he's behind John, pushing him towards their mirror. John grumbles a little bit out of habit for being manhandled, but stops short when he sees his reflection.
But he isn’t falling for it. He’s
He stops thrusting, and the relief from John is palpable. Without warning, he shifts John onto his back on the couch. Now his legs are in the air, and he has to rest his back on the arm to ease the stretch on his shoulders. The pain from the bite mark is brought back into stark relief at this point. John shifts, uncomfortable but unwilling to say anything at all about it.
Here's paradoxical John Watson, laughing at his captor because he pulled a cheesy romantic move. Sherlock is at least going to sabotage Jim's Paris connections for that one. He should've known better.
“Molly, what are you talking about?”
He becomes even more eager in his speech, and John takes an involuntary step back when he moves forward. His hands jitter by his sides, then move up to cross under his arms, and then he's running one over his mouth while he rests one on his hip. The restlessness, unbeknownst to John, is to keep Sherlock from grabbing the creature by the face so he can affirm that he is indeed a living being and not a delusion of Sherlock's bored mind.
Sherlock grinned. It was his turn to show off now. "I know that you have strong moral values for a 'dangerous supernatural creature'. I know that it's probably something to do with most of your family members being murdered. I know that despite living for quite possibly hundreds of years, you still view humanity as something worth protecting. Despite its massive and numerous flaws. I know that you're tired of living alone, and that you wish you had someone to talk to. Well, I'm offering, no strings attached. I think that's enough to be going with, don't you?"
The exchange had lasted barely two seconds. John glanced at Sherlock and looked appropriately chagrined. He turned back to the woman, probably with a polite dismissal.
Sherlock talks as he lightly brushes the nubs, "The gas, if you were wondering, was a sleeping gas. My own invention." Sherlock delivers a sudden twist, and John hisses.
Is it his withering muscles? Not being able to move anything but his hands? Leaving him stir crazy and banging on the walls just so he has some kind of release? No.
John berates himself for not trying this sooner. Sure, the wank material had been different from what he'd wanted, but John can always work around that. Hell, as long as he's careful about it, he can masturbate freely without Sherlock being the wiser. John's sure that his fantasy only went haywire because he'd been starved for physical intimacy. Once he can get his routine back, he'll be thinking about beautiful women in no time.
Sherlock sniffles and says, "Quite right, we'll take this back to my flat."
“Why?” Jim asked in genuine curiosity, “Two of them sought to cause you harm, and the other you barely knew. Why should their deaths affect you so?”
He crawls from roof to roof, his rush makes his talons dig into the plaster and concrete like butter. He almost loses where he heard the noise, before she screams again yelling, "Help me! Somebody please help me!"
“I’m still rather weary,” John said to avoid further conversation. “I’d prefer if we retired tonight, and then I may continue my humble groveling tomorrow.”
“If you’re not going to open the door, I’ll just say what I need to right here then.” John took a deep breath, “I’m sorry if you feel like you can’t talk to me. I know it seems like I’m trying to…to govern your life, or parent you, or something. And given what you’ve been through, that must feel like salt on the wound. But I promise you, Sherlock, I’m not trying to dictate you. I’m concerned for you. As a friend. I promise you, I’m really worried about what you’ve been getting up to. And I want to help, no matter what that means.”
“No,” Sherlock said, as he surveyed the scene with his own appropriate amount of interest at discovering something new and macabre, “this was done by someone far more powerful than I am.”
Sherlock removes his lips with a soft pop, leaning back to admire the way John is flushed in equal parts of arousal and shame. One hand continues to stroke the shaft, while the other fondles John’s scrotum, caressing the lightly fuzzed skin.
"Nonsense, you showered this morning, you're fine. Besides, I like it better when you smell like me."
As for the inevitable rumors, you will undoubtedly use them to your advantage. While the whole council can be occupied with idle gossip over my new ‘friend’, I’m certain you can use it as an effective distraction for more nefarious means. Not that you would ever partake in underhanded activities with your council members,
John stirred his coffee in silence. The clank of the spoon against the ceramic rang loudly in the empty kitchen. He thought about putting on some music, but he didn’t want to wake Mary. She’d worked a long shift last night, and he didn’t want to find out if they could fake some semblance of normalcy this morning.
John could feel his climax looming. It dangled just out of his reach, a yawning chasm of pleasure that threatened to unmake him. He knew Sherlock held the key to his release, for John couldn’t seem to muster the motivation to move his hands from Sherlock’s back.
Fear finally coursed through him when he noticed Sherlock's aroused flush at watching him struggle. "The asphyxia is needed for now John. I'm going to untie you when I leave, and I imagine you'll need to use the bathroom soon." Sherlock's voice became steadily breathier. His pale eyes were blown to almost black as he stroked himself, watching John lose consciousness once more. "If you try to wank yourself off without my permission, you will not like the consequences."
He sucks and kisses until it glistens red, then moves to the pair. John's toes curl underneath himself, and John bucks up his hips. While John is naked, Sherlock is completely clothed. The friction from those expensive trousers hit him just right. John moans again, and wraps his legs around Sherlock.
Fuck.
“Harry, it’s John,” he said hesitatingly.
John really had no one to blame but himself, as he was standing on the lower step when Sherlock was already so ridiculously tall. He had to be pulled up by his soaked shirt to meet the clumsy but desperate mouth of a genius.
As he makes it further down the littered walkway, he can't help but crow victoriously in his head. He knows it's way too early to celebrate, and people are undoubtedly after him by now, but he's gotten out. He's free. And John's going to make damned sure it stays that way.
When the grip around his hips becomes lax, John slumps to his knees, overstrung. He presses his sweaty, messy forehead onto Jim's knee, trying to remember how to breathe. Sherlock stumbles his way into the nearest chair, carding a hand through his messy curls. Jim stares at the ceiling, reciting pi in his head, a comfort technique he's done since he was a child.
John had applied that odd request to a need for privacy. They lived far enough away from everyone else, and Sherlock had admitted it was often hard for him to communicate with others. John remembered his husband’s narrow face illuminated by the moon, the fury on his features making him the perfect likeness to a Horseman of War. John shook away that comparison with a stern reprimand to himself. Sherlock had been worried for him, had sought him out in the middle of the freezing night, to find that his concerns had been well founded. Of course he’d be enraged.
Sherlock stood there, staring at himself in the mirror. Slightly glowing silver eyes passed over his body accusingly. They settled on his black clawed hand, settled against a sternum that would never be warm again.
Sherlock's gaze hones in on his injuries. "Who did this to you?" His voice is soft, but his eyes are glinting. The man raises a gloved hand to his torn arm and John hisses, "Don't touch me."
The man makes the very stupid mistake of shifting in fear, pulling on his already exhausted muscles. He whimpers past the crude gag of white linen, the leftovers of his own torn shirt. Sherlock rolls his eyes.
The box rests against the wall in Sherlock's room. Normally, Sherlock rarely frequents it. Now he has barely left for meals. Having those delivered to the door took care of that problem.
In the bathroom once again, Sherlock placed his ungloved hand against his pale chest. He waited. Ten seconds. Twenty. Forty. Nothing.
John tells himself,
“Yeah, well, your Royalness will be forced to wait when I can’t even stand up tomorrow,” John mumbled.
Apparently, his appearance at his brother’s side was meant to waylay the rumors that there was unrest in the royal family. Vicious court gossip that the youngest of the Holmes’ line had plans to usurp the current ruler.
Sherlock took John’s pause as a negative sign, “I don’t have to,” he hastily said. He leaned down and began to kiss John’s face to soothe a worry that wasn’t there. “There are loads of things we can do instead, I’m sorry I--”
John thinks about crisp suits and sweet champagne, about easy laughter and simple affection. He knows it comes with a price, he knows this. He’s certainly been overcharged on his pound of flesh, and Sherlock will never be done with him.
“Oh, um, after you.” Sherlock waved his free arm to gesture John through.
Stacks of them were crammed in the safe. So much so that John set the candle aside in a sudden concern for catching the whole thing alight. Clearly, what was present was what he needed, so he set aside his incredulity and pulled out a sheaf to begin reading.
“And have you been here for a while Sherlock?”
“What?” John asked, “What’s a sixteen-year-old doing living alone?”
The giddiness turned to soot when a woman stumbled into John’s side. She turned and swiftly apologized. John waved it away with an easy smile.
“Jesus! Christ, no!” John didn’t flail, but it was a close thing. “I was trying to figure out if he was the first person you had a crush on, so, yeah, I’m immediately regretting that I wasn’t clear on that, thanks.”
Sherlock's bemused expression is clouded over with confusion. "Why? You have everything you need here. You don't need to cook."
John nestles back into the warm, comforting body. He feels Jim's hardness against the small of his back, and he playfully grinds against it. Jim hisses, and grins into John's neck when he murmurs, "Easy now, don't spoil it too soon." John hums in amusement.
Frustration bubbled hot and clinging in the back of his throat. John had an urge to punch the wall until his knuckles bled, but a knock on his front door intercepted his urge for pointless violence. John leaned against the wall, drawing in long breaths through his nose. It didn’t calm the angry buzzing in his head.
Sherlock finds his voice and latches onto the curious adjective, "What do you mean technically?"
He’s cut off from his self-deprecation when Sherlock abruptly started laughing. He laughed like it startled him, like he was unsure of what to do with these new facial muscles and expansions in his diaphragm.
Beetle eyes flashed up at him in annoyance. Immediately, the air seemed to cool.
There's a long scar over his right eyebrow, barely missing his eye. Except for that one feature, his face is unmarred. The mottled skin brings his grey eyes into sharp focus, and John can't help but tense when he looks at them directly.
“You can tell him the full extent of our conversation when he arrives. I imagine he’ll be thrilled to be rid of my, what does he call them, ‘cronies’.”
John settled on a blue checkered button up and some well-worn jeans. There, much better. He had showered that morning, and his job required little movement, so he knew he smelled fine. He brushed his teeth to avoid any embarrassing lingering remains from lunch, and recombed his hair.
He looked at Sherlock, tried to gauge his emotions, but all he saw was a young face waiting for an answer. Slowly, Sherlock’s expression began to soften before John’s eyes.
As John laid back with thoughts of England, he contemplated why he would be here in the first place. Thinking of where he was would get him nowhere. While the barrenness of his prison could be duplicated anywhere, the door was definitely something at least a little high tech. Or maybe it was just made to look that way. Like he said, pointless to wonder where he was. Why he was here was a little more manageable.
This was actually increasing his boredom and frustration. Sherlock was half tempted to pull and elaborate vast homicide that would bury the bar in the ground and leave no survivors. For that, he should actually get a medal for ridding the human world of these droll idiots. Snarling, he pushed himself off the wall, ready to stalk back to work and inform Jim where he could shove his ideas of good intentions.
“…Yes,” John admitted, even though he knew it wasn’t the reason for his outburst. What he’d felt hadn’t been a lingering imagination. It had been like a half-recalled memory, revealed from the mind’s depths only when similar circumstances align perfectly.
He was so close this time. So much closer than the last time he’d tried to escape. After John had woken up, adorned himself in a sheet in a pitiful shield for the outside’s cold, and changed his wound’s dressing, he’d immediately began again. There was no telling how long he’d been incapacitated, or when Sherlock would be back from whatever mysterious quest he’d undertaken.
“Marvelous,” Jim’s face split into a grin, “I must confess that I had hoped for this outcome. And anticipated it as well. You two are too smitten with each other to leave his side for more than a few hours.”
“How? How is that even—Never mind.”
“Did you get this from the press? Have you been…have you been
"Right, um, okay," John coughs, "do you need it, right now?"
It doesn't take a genius of Sherlock's level to put together why he would suddenly feel uncomfortable. Inexplicably, Sherlock feels his face warm.
To demonstrate, Sherlock snatched John’s wrist in one hand, and did the same with the other. Both of John’s wrists were raised above his head before the serf had realized what had happened. Smiling darkly at John’s bewilderment, Sherlock guided John towards the bed. One hand kept John’s wrists together while the other steered him at the waist.
), that he can’t remember what the hell Sherlock is talking about, but then it hits him.
After that he’s being led around the car, presumably towards a building. Sure enough, he hears one of the henchmen open up a door. John goes first, so it’s not that big of one, though he could hardly deduce anything even if it
John wanted to share whatever experiences came next with Sherlock.
The question caught the both of them off guard. “Erm, yes,” Molly replied.
As Sherlock is wheeling John to his new room, he contemplates what is to come in the next few hours. Honestly, he's forced to admit that he's a little out of his depth. This is hardly his first kidnapping, but usually the intent is to keep the victim for a short period of time, then dispose of the body. He's not used to trying to make one stay of their own will.
He half expects John to get huffy at the idea of being coddled, but the soldier only sighs like something heavy has been lifted from his shoulders. They lie there, listening to the thump of two heartbeats.
The next time John wakes up, Sherlock is nowhere in his cell. He's still naked, and on the couch. Which, isn't a relief exactly, but he likes knowing that he wasn't that far asleep that he wouldn't even notice something like that. He sits up, rotating his neck and shoulders. John winces from the resulting pops and crackles. The couch isn't that comfortable to begin with, and sleeping on his side all night only exacerbated his discomfort. Not that he's going to complain to his "warden".
you to remember what happens next.”
Sherlock had been hasty in planting the bugs throughout the flat, but once he reached the bed, he had stopped. John's smell had permeated the flat and it was all Sherlock could do not to breathe in lungfuls, but the bed was the final straw. Beyond John's own smell was the tang of sweat and the crisp cleanness of shampoo. Sherlock once again filled his file with "preferred night showers". Sherlock leaned in closer to the pillow, where John had lain his head countless times to escape his dreary reality, only to be met with a crueler subconscious. Sherlock could practically hear the muffled whimpers of terror as John faced his own memories and shed restrained tears on the pillowcase.
, if they don't immediately section her.
Moriarty asked John, “I thought you said you were aching from the weather?”
It was then that Sherlock fully appreciated John’s appearance. His honeyed hair was tousled against the bed, and his tanned skin was spotted with bite marks and bruises. The boy’s chest was rapidly rising and falling, trying to regain breath. When Sherlock looked at John’s throat, he could see the barest detection of a heartbeat under the thin skin of his claim mark.
A hard keen leaves his throat, and John rocks slightly back and forth. He understands that this is a pathetic position, that he should glue himself back together. He should be the British soldier he's been since he played army games with Harry. But for now, behind the privacy of a flimsy curtain, he's going to be John Watson.
“So, how did you survive freak? I heard some people posted videos of you getting wheeled away into an ambulance.”
“Indeed,” John said as he cleaned up with a small smile, “though I think a few of those rumors were exaggerated.”
Hands ran up and down his arms and over the backs of his thighs. They were clearly meant to soothe, but only wound him tighter. It was so stiff, that John could feel that his heartbeat caused the thing to pulse in place.
He sent the text, then got himself ready. A quick shower, a meager breakfast of tea and biscuits sent up by the help, and a few checks with his assassins made up a good portion of his morning. Sherlock actually did get to see the live feed of John waking up this time, which was delightful. He blessed the man who invented the zoom feature on cameras. To the casual observer, watching John would have been quite boring.
Any thoughts of repositioning are quickly removed when Sherlock climbs on top of the bed and straddles John’s legs. He immediately gets to work on John’s trousers, flicking the button loose with his long fingers. John squawks indignantly when the zipper is yanked down so fast it nearly catches his dick.
Mycroft leaned over the side of his throne, as if to discuss the details, when instead he was hissing, “What exactly are you doing?”
“She was also a drunk John,” Sherlock said, which John to his core. “A drunk that was dependent upon her brother to keep her sober. One that did not want to hand over a portion of the inheritance to complete strangers, who were looking to steal away her only sibling.”
When John sees the large black box on the bed, he's not even wary. Wariness implies having something left to be afraid of, but he does feel a cautious curiosity. He sets the medical journal that he'd been reading on the night stand, and goes to inspect.
Sherlock grins at him, “Precisely. What better way to bring excitement to an outing than prolonging a feeling of foreboding?” The worst bit is that John can’t tell if he’s being serious or not.
“John?” Sherlock tilted his head in confusion.
It had red berries growing from stems in grouped clusters. The serrated edges of the leaves gave it the appearance of shattered emeralds. John had only seen the berries in one such place before. When they’d been growing out of his skin in an unholy nightmare.
He resisted the demand to scramble out from the desk and the study. John knew the danger was only supposedly gone. He still had to reach the greenhouse before the staff woke for dawn shifts.
First thing's first. Distance. John's got no bloody idea where he is, but anywhere farther from here is a good start. So John turns to the right, where he sees an intersection, and starts walking. The pavement bites into his soles, the strips of fabric doing very little to help him. He wraps his arms around himself, chilled from the night air. He hates how vulnerable he must look, shirtless and lost.
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes. As if John were the one who was being difficult. “I’ve been noticing a flurry of drug activity among the students for quite a while now. I couldn’t exactly go to the police. They don’t tend to listen to a teenager that tries to tell them there’s a massive crime spree happening amongst the local children. So, I had to pretend that I regularly partake in narcotics in order to attract those who sell them.”
Guilt spoiled the pleasant relaxation John had been experiencing ever since they’d sat down. “I’m sorry,” John said, “you’re right, I should know to trust you with your own decisions. I just don’t want to see you waste your potential, just so we can go on a--”
Everything has devolved into pure sensation, and it’s hard to tell if it’s anguish or bliss that pulls the sounds from John’s throat.  John feels a large hand on his sweaty cheek, and opens his eyes to see Sherlock staring at him with all of the searing intensity of a desert sun. And the look, for whatever reason, is enough to finally push John over that agonizing edge.
When John is satisfied that all of them are incapacitated with pain, John turns around to attempt to comfort the woman. Maybe he can carry her to a hospital, have her send a message that these scum need medical care. She's staring at him in horror, which isn't new, but she's also pointing behind him and gaping like a fish.
He waited for a breathless second, but no one had heard his phone clicking. Belatedly, he turned it on silent, annoyed at himself, and then took a picture of all of the ones whose faces he could clearly see from his vantage point.
"This is probably the most futile argument you've ever made. You do know we've had this problem before? And that I had absolutely no qualms about taking what I deemed mine?" Sherlock asks, and while his tone is mocking, there's a hard edge to it that means trouble. Sherlock's not amused by John's little act of defiance. Tough.
“Your commands are my pleasure to fulfill, my oh so demanding spouse.” Sherlock turned onto his side, and held John close. As John faced away and began to let his drowsiness overcome him, Sherlock quietly asked, “Did you mean it?”
John hesitated. He was willing to give this up, but clearly Sherlock thought it was for reasons more chivalrous than intended. John said, “Why not? You’re the only one who’s ever going to see me again.”
John tried to push him back for some space, but Sherlock didn’t budge. “Bedroom,” John elaborately explained, but Sherlock only squeezed him closer. He seemed fascinated with being able to touch, and didn’t want to stop.
Instead of taking the spoon like John had intended, Sherlock’s fingers wrapped around John’s wrist to keep it steady. His plush lips dragged over the spoon’s surface, taking the contents in a single bite. For a fleeting moment, John saw Sherlock’s pink tongue lap up the underside for any lingering remnants of cream.
Sherlock stares at the rivulets making their way down the window. The rain pelts in sheets outside of the flat. It’s a good thing he’s honed his focus into a fine art, or the noise would be thoroughly distracting.
“I won’t have it.  I detest it, every day, to know that you go back to that crowd of slavering idiots that don’t appreciate what you are. To wait in my cavern, day after day, wondering how many undeserving cretins you’ve touched in the name of healing or how many have dared to touch you.”
John rolled his eyes, “Yes, I read the paper. I really don’t see what that has to do with you being here?”
Sherlock brushed past him and stepped inside, “Perhaps fortuitous is the better word. I need your sugar. That’s what neighbors do right? Lend each other baking ingredients without expectation of reciprocation?”
He picks up the plate, and carries it over to his desk. He holds himself back, even though the hunger has made itself known tenfold now that food is near. He smells the divine aroma, and can't detect anything off about it. He tears open the chicken, looking for any pills, though he doubts anyone would be that obvious about it. Finding nothing, John dines.
John turned slowly around. Jim was leaning against the edge of the doorframe like a carefree schoolboy, while his legs stretched out to block the exit.
So he turns around to ask, for the first time since he was a boy and was forced to impress Mummy's guests, "Would you like some tea?"
The gargoyle is practically a hardened war veteran, has been alone for more than a hundred years, protects the city he loves literally with tooth and nail, and Sherlock just spat all over his beliefs.
So he’d told her that he had, in a sense. Online instructional videos during the slow hours of work, that showed him the ways to stretch and bend to build muscle. She’d laughed and said, “Well, as long as they don’t recommend that you shove anything anywhere, I guess we’ll skip going to see a professional.”
He's roughly positioned so his back is to the gargoyle's chest, being hefted like he's a sack of flour. They soar over the streets for a solid minute, and Sherlock's mind is completely blank for the duration. His feet are left dangling helplessly in the air, and Sherlock's heart jumps into his throat. The creature continues to spout off a litany of rock-based obscenities, and they hover over a nearby roof.
When Sherlock turns around, he plays exasperated acceptance perfectly. "You are very lucky that I haven't sent someone already. I don't think even my direct orders would have gotten those dogs off of a scent."
“Sherlock,” John tried not to growl at the teenager, “could you maybe come back later?”
He can feel those dark curls brushing his legs as he leans between his trapped thighs. John's confused about his intentions until he feels that dexterous tongue swirling through the semen left on his stomach.
Sherlock motioned his head for John to follow him. “This way, I don’t want to be stopped by the other patrons.”
The two assigned as protection were so shocked by the sudden development that they didn’t even move. Snow yelled, “Hey, just what the hell do you think you’re--”
“That’s the part I’m trying to understand Doctor Watson,” Mycroft said with infinite patience, “what exactly are you asking of me?”
The next one he selects is only slightly larger than the last. When he presses it in with no warning, John’s wide eyes and stuttering breath say that the difference is significant. The glide down is much quicker this time, even with Sherlock’s unchanging caution.
John stops walking and attempts to backpedal, pitiful though it is to try. He shakes his head, murmuring no over and over again. Not this. God, he's not ready. Not that he would be, not that anyone ever is but, Jesus. He thought he would at least go down fighting before something like this happened. Not end up as helpless as a toddler. The drug is apparently lowering his inhibitions too, because he's shaking now. He hates his stupid body almost as much as he hates Sherlock.
This time, Sherlock rolls his eyes. His arms come up to cross over his chest when he asks, "I assume this is about Sebastian's visit?"
They arrived at their destination, a pub that was either the only one in existence to the town or the most popular one. The warm light was a welcome invitation from the clinging chill, and the infectious cheer that could be heard from the outside gave John hope that he could make a few new friends before the night was over.
Sherlock barely raps the flap of the leather against John’s sternum, but his whole body twitches like he’s touched a live wire. Sherlock smirks, watching John’s tongue flutter underneath the gag. A trail of drool escapes the side of his mouth, and John flushes red with embarrassment.
Sherlock can feel every muscle stiffen underneath him, and how the pulse in John’s skin jumps beneath his teeth. He grinds harder.
“It’s not your fault,” John blurted out.
Sherlock shrugs, “I only thought to do this when I handed you the first water glass. It was too spontaneous for premeditated measures.”
John is completely silent.
For hours, John filtered his anger and dismay into tending the greenhouse. He pulled weeds, moved plants, and shoveled soil until his fine clothes were soaked with sweat and caked with dirt. Normally he would have changed into more suitable attire, but the words ‘desperate to feel needed’ and ‘waste your time’ chased away any avoidance of ruining fabric. When his hands were raw and his back had turned into one pulsing ache, he threw his shovel aside and slid down to the floor.
Sherlock moves both of John's hands to one of his own, keeping them pinned above his head. His free hand moves down to stroke slowly over John's trousers. A gasp is forced from him, and his eyes shoot open without focusing on anything. John is achingly hard, and Sherlock provides very little relief. His fingers are bare ghosts of sensation between the layers of fabric. John fights to get more, but Sherlock's weight on his hips and hands makes him immovable. He's forced to take whatever Sherlock gives him, which is not enough.
“It would be lovely, to see precious stones hanging from here. As if you were a masterfully crafted idol made to be worshipped. It would be sensitive work, but I know I could do it.” The claws tightened. Out of reflex, John’s hands came up to circle Sherlock’s wrists.
“And I would prefer it if you called me Sherlock, when we’re alone. The need for formalities in this situation is a bit awkward, don’t you think?” Sherlock chuckled against John’s neck when he heard the boy snort. This quickly turned to a groan when Sherlock nibbled at the taut skin. He squeezed the juncture of John’s wrists, and removed his grip.
As he chews mindlessly into his meal, he forces himself to sort through his own emotions. He's tired and sore, that's a given. But the ache has seemed to seep into his soul a little bit. John can only feel exhaustion and numbness where his anger is supposed to be. This sends him into a small inner panic. If he doesn't have his anger, then what tether can he grasp on to in this hell?
"Well well, Sherly certainly doesn't like them dim. Guess I should have expected that the little bird wouldn't chirp." Jim runs a hand through his hair, a gesture he does when he's agitated. Tonight is going to be a long one.
John rocked back, surprised at where they’d ended up. “Jim’s room?” He asked incredulously, “Are you mad?”
Despite feeling wide awake, his body and mind were overtaxed from the night’s events. Soon exhaustion swept over him, and he fell into a light sleep.
“Have you never won a fight before?” John couldn’t help but quip as they sped ahead. Sherlock was looking a little fatigued, but his long legs helped him keep pace. John knew it wouldn’t last for much longer.
Then Sherlock goes back to removing his clothes, and John means to actually protest, he really does, but instead he's lifting his hips for easier removal. His naked bottom is sitting on the desk, and in distant horror, he thinks of other people coming to visit this office.
“Out there,” John pointed behind himself, “you were acting like a kicked puppy because I had suggested we stay in. Were you just trying to manipulate me into leaving my
“She was dead, you felt needlessly guilty. You suffered from nightmares and felt as though you couldn’t turn to either of us for help. The ones responsible for taking you away. So you blamed us. Saw us as the reason for her death.”
“This is about Sherlock, isn’t it?”
John asked because he felt certain that he should have heard about him before meeting him, but the name didn’t ring a bell. As sharp as he was, Sherlock should have been the main gossip of the teacher’s break room. This was the kind of young adult who grew up to invent cancer cures or new atomic bombs.
The question pulled John from his hot anger. Surprised, it took him a few moments to reply, “My father and uncle taught me as much as they could, sir.”
With John’s arms on either side of him keeping him propped in his seated position, and his eyes focused on the sky, he felt a warm hand cover his own before he saw any movement.
He was probably the one who had at least mentioned John to the press, or maybe even gave up all that he knew for a few hundred quid and a promise of his face in the paper. John didn’t know, and didn’t particularly care. All that he knew was that he wasn’t going to be getting a moment’s peace.
John left feeling lighthearted enough that he could’ve swung his arms at his sides if he wouldn’t have felt foolish about it. He walked into his house, hearing Mary mill about the kitchen.
dim sum that I purchased from another store. They’re also slightly cheaper than the one you frequent, and it won't give you acid reflux either. You should switch.”
The surprise covering his face is not entirely fake, and he eases his outward stress somewhat while making a ghost of a smile. Mycroft's henchman is getting out of his car, clearly alarmed that the target is walking off with his stalker. John's eyes fixate on him and he grits out "Is that him?" Sherlock can tell John wants to confront him, maybe even shoot him, but that will take up time. They need to go now.
The few moments of bliss from before make it ten times worse. The tenderness in his groin from the orgasm combined with the heat makes him chafe in his trousers. John's resulting whine is pitiful instead of pleading. Sherlock lets go of John's wrists and stands over the fetal man. He watches dispassionately as John attempts to bring his body back under control. He had told John, this wouldn't wear off for another five and half hours.
John shook his head out of fond exasperation. “Well, I’ve come up short then.”
Sherlock grinned, pleased to continue the game for another time. "Very well." Sherlock replied. Sherlock lifted his leg over John's body to straddle him. He placed himself out of reach of John's prick, not wanting to give him friction. When Sherlock unzipped himself, John began tugging away in earnest. "Get the fuck off of me you disgust-" his tirade was cut short when Sherlock placed a hand over John's mouth and nose.
They’d been warned. Of course they’d been warned. But no amount of serious tones and sympathetic eyes could have prepared them after their instructor had lifted the sheet.
Whispers rose like mist from the flower beds. Now that both murderers were present, the spirits ached to have their grievances and oaths of vengeance acknowledged, even though John was the only one who could hear them. His only indication of the countless mutters and mumblings was a twitch of his fingers.
Then Sherlock is there, and he's kneeling down in front of John. It takes the man a stunned second to realize what he's doing. Slowly, ever so slowly, with lubricant liberally applied to the tip, the catheter is removed from John's body. The relief of that intrusion finally leaving his body makes him weak at the knees. Standing, Sherlock empties the bag into the toilet. John thinks that he's going to reinsert it again, but instead he's leading him to what John recognizes as the shower space. Sherlock lets go, leaves John to stand dead center under the faucet. The warm water is a blessing, and John just lets it wash over him. Lets it cleanse away his filth, his sweat, his tears. John feels clothed arms wrap around him from behind. Sherlock is getting absolutely drenched, but he doesn't seem to mind.
Heartbeat still at an all time high, John turns around, and runs straight into Sherlock. He's really too old to withstand so many heart attacks.
What was so important? Did he forget something during his patrols last night? No, besides the utter disaster he had left behind, nothing was out of the ordinary. He snuffled, and froze.
This spurs Sherlock to drive into him more deeply. Sherlock lets go of any plan of bringing John to desperate and mewling need. His focus is now to find his completion in John’s perfectly ravaged body.
"I need your advice Jim."
“The filth is where I am,” Harry chanted as her hands reached for the disgusting muck. “I’m just disgusting filth John. I couldn’t protect you. I’ll always be filth. I’m so thirsty. I couldn’t protect you.”
"Please, not many people are stupid enough to threaten me in broad daylight, across from several cameras, when people are just getting out of work. Not to mention that your atrocious Cockney accent is not something that I can forget very easily, no matter how much I try."
“Sweet boy,” Jim murmured, bending low to retrace the wet path he’d made with his tongue, “you have no idea how ravishing you look like this.”
An hour's anonymous chat with a Colombian drug lord has secured his control over half of the hemisphere's cocaine distribution. He's even managed to sort through some of the dull paperwork Jim insists is "part of the job".
“Enlighten me then,” John crossed his arms and stood straight again. He pointedly did not look at the photo still lying on the sheets.
But where is it?
Jim clicks disapprovingly, "None of that Johnny," and brings the wrist up to his mouth. He suckles, and John's eyes roll back. With him thoroughly distracted, Sherlock goes about to removing John's ruined trousers. He flicks open the button, and pulls down the zip. John flails when the fabric is halfway down his hips.
He jerked when he realized Sherlock was talking to him, “—feels paltry, the sentiment is appreciated. But did you really come over here just to apologize?”
The boy was covered not only in his own lubrication and release, but he was shimmering with sweat, and his entrance was steadily leaking with globules of Sherlock’s seed. Smirking, Sherlock smeared some of it with his thumb and pressed a droplet back inside. He laughed when John jerked back from his touch.
"I wonder if I can construct something of a swing that you can carry. It shouldn't be too heavy if I distribute my weight evenly enough and what do you mean you can't fly?"
“Why are you in
The school day was nearly finished, and John was almost done with his paperwork, when Molly politely knocked on his office door before she entered.
He turned around with the intention to ask for lodging recommendations from the barkeep, when he noticed a swift shadow emerge from an alleyway. Without thought John stepped to the side and brought his elbow down against man’s back.
“No. Fuck you, John. Thoroughly, and with vigor, fuck you.”
Perhaps it was the sight of Sherlock stepping cautiously forward that fueled John’s next action, or the plunging spiral he could feel himself free-falling through. Either way, he didn’t think twice as he hefted the brick at his side, and hurled it at Sherlock with all of his strength.
For a moment, John nearly grimaced. Clearly his husband thought him ‘cured’ of any suspicions of his or Moriarty’s person. While John wished for that to be true, doubts still tainted the regard he held for his husband and friend. It sickened him to have them, but they remained all the same.
He sits back on his knees, pressing John further into the sofa. Sherlock breathes a little, to get himself back under control. Wonderful John, he doesn't really know how much the sight of him like this, helpless and aroused, affects Sherlock.
He stops himself from finishing that sentence. Not because it will land him in some creative torture, but because he’s just had an epiphany, and a grin spreads across his face.
With one last push, the toy sits firmly inside of John. He waits, expecting more to enter him. But despite the wide expanse of the toy, John doesn't feel any stimulation to his prostate. He clenches mindlessly, and his breath comes out in a stutter. The muscle is stretched to full capacity, but its just a weight. There's nothing there that even hints that he'll receive pleasure from this. John squirms from side to side, attempting to slide the thing further or dislodge it. But it stays firmly put. His penis is still sensitive from earlier, and his rubbing is slightly chafing. John hisses at the pain, and feels the dangerous heat return to his backside. When he flexes again, the heat abates, but reminds him that he's dreadfully aroused and empty.
But then the smell hits him. Antiseptic, sanitizer, the faint tang of medicine and cheap food. He’d recognize it anywhere. He’s in a hospital.
"Oh," Sherlock looked briefly disappointed, and the expression made John feel a little bit like he was failing the stranger somehow. Which was
“Johnny!” Jim exclaimed as he backed away from the flailing man, “What on earth is wrong? I’ve been calling out to you, I thought you fell asleep.”
"That was to get you to stop squirming. You're going to fall off of the couch like that." When Sherlock's done with his excuse, he moves to the other side of the sofa. Without preamble, he positions the vibrator back to being fully up against John's prostate. John groans helplessly past the gag. It's harder to cut himself off with just his throat.
It was a strange sensation, to be tenderly hugged by a dead thing. He felt her bones pressing hard lines into his flesh. “Harry? What do you mean?”
John was flattered, but didn’t think that the praise was justified. “Did you think I grew up in London completely idle in my house? Come on, let’s get back home.”
"You can call her, but I'll be there to direct the conversation. Any contact with her outside of that is strictly forbidden until further notice."
it is to work for his brother.
please let me come!" He tries to pull his hands free again, but Jim just growls, and yanks his head up with the hand that was previously stroking himself. John opens his mouth on another cry, and Jim shoves his cock into throat. Jerking shallowly into his mouth, John obediently suckles. Anything to please, anything to convince them to let him come.
He didn’t have a reason to kiss Sherlock just now. He just…wanted to.
The ghosts surrounded him and obscured his sight. He could no longer see his tormentors, but felt himself being gently impaled over and over again.
The mansion itself was large, but not overbearingly so. One or two rooms were converted into labs for Sherlock’s experiments, a few were studies for Jim and Sherlock’s trading business, while several were practically small libraries with books packed tight against the shelves.
“I’ll see you tomorrow John,” Sherlock promised. John wasn’t sure if Sherlock really was done with the conversation, or if he was sparing John the trouble of trying to end it himself.
He decided to take action later that night. It wouldn’t do to cause a scene with everyone awake and wandering in the castle. Hardly anyone ventured in his wing, and it became practically deserted at night. Only the occasional royal guard, assigned by Mycroft, passed through the halls. And when Sherlock was done bribing the Captain, it took care of that minor problem as well.
“Are you familiar with classical works, doctor?”
Mycroft’s lip briefly lifted as he tried to hold back his ire. “A gross oversimplification.”
“He hurt you. He grabbed you on your bad shoulder.”
"Guess your only option is the front door," the gargoyle grins sardonically. Then he stops when he sees the expression on Sherlock's face.
Sherlock's lips pull back into a wide grin. John can't keep the surprise from his face.
John trudged up the stairs, taking the steps one at a time. Normally, he would take them twice at once, in order to get rid of the heavy groceries faster. But he needs time to work out how he's going to have this conversation. It's bound to happen, he's already given away that something is amiss from his strange pace. John no longer has delusions about what he can hide from his flatmate.
He's leaning out onto the ledge, surveying the futility of such a spot, when he finds the perfect hiding space. It's a small niche in the brick of the tower against the square room. He can fit into it standing, but he'll be squeezed on either side. Sherlock can think of several worse hiding spaces he's been forced to endure.
As John pulled into his parking space, he remembered how they had both desperately tried to stay stable as their relationship sucked them steadily downwards like quicksand.
Holmes tucks the last of the papers away and says, "Mr. Moriarty is here per his request. It was his idea that you should be allowed a make-up, and his only stipulation was that he should be present and allowed to participate in your, studies." He says the last word carefully, and John looks at him. He's sure it's the lighting, because any trace of it is gone, but he could've sworn that Mr. Holmes was sporting a smirk half a second ago.
He has a slightly surreal experience, where he can see the tussle of his tacky hair, the redness of his flush mixing with the growing purple of his bruises, and his limp cock crusting over with dried come.
With a small shift of his hips, the head of Sherlock’s cock pushed into John’s body. The boy immediately wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck to keep from flying apart.
Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose, reminding himself that it would be detrimental to his asking for help if he choked Moriarty.
John caught on to what Sherlock meant and started to blush. He would have felt more like an insensitive prat about his perpetual ability to have his foot firmly lodged in his mouth, if Sherlock wasn’t giggling like he’d been told something actually comedic.
And John's got some choice fucking words for that look, but he remembers to be at least slightly cooperative, and he breathes out. His blue eyes are chips of stone though, and he doesn't unclench his arms.
Sherlock has the decency to look a little abashed as John smugly asks, “You have food delivered to our flat don’t you? Food that you deliberately
Sherlock’s soft expression dims as he spoons some of the dish into his mouth. John waited, but an explanation didn’t look promising.  The sound of silverware clinking against the bowls filled the silence before Sherlock finally admits,
John was practically shaking by then. His nerves were alight with anticipation and want, and when Sherlock finally brushed his fingertips across his prostate, a delightful keening noise was drawn out of his throat.
So he does the only thing he can think of. He goes to make tea. He's halfway to the kitchen, leaving a confused gargoyle standing awkwardly in the middle of the floor, before it occurs to him that he might not even be able to
Sherlock’s interest visibly piqued, “Really? Do you have experience working with cadavers?”
They’re both panting afterwards. A satisfactory heaviness weighing down their limbs. Sherlock, with great effort, manages to turn over onto his back, holding John close.
"Next time," Sherlock breathes, and all of John's doubts go out the window, "we should certainly use a bed. That floor must be merciless on your knees John."
“Well, yeah,” John used the most sympathetic tone he had. Jesus, had Sherlock never been allowed to show emotion once in his life? “You were, or are, young. You lost your family. Of course you would be upset.”
"Sherlock!" John yells, rubbing the spot, "What the fuck did you just-"
John knows he's going to suffer tonight. The last thing he's going to do is give the Sherlock the pleasure of begging for it to stop.
John leaps from the shadows, tackling the bastard to the ground. The man tries to shout in surprise, but the sound is cut short when his back hits the floor. The air rushes out of his lungs, and John uses that moment to punch him senseless. The man slumps from one hit. Either John's adrenaline is giving him the extra boost, or this guy was a wimp.
What must it be like, to see that compact and lethal frame finally allowed to stretch and expand to his full capacity? It must be beautiful.
When John awoke, he thought it would be just like any other day. His nightmare hadn't been particularly vivid this night,
Sherlock's presence vanishes, to be replaced with the sound of a cord being plugged in. For several seconds, the air is tense with nothing. Then John can swear he can smell burning metal, and the faint buzzing of electricity. "Do I need to tie you down?" Sherlock asks. John knows it is not an idle question. In response, he grips the headboard and shakes his head.
“You have no need to leave,” Sherlock firmly said, “and that should be the end of it.”
“I never said,” Sherlock looked like he was already bored with this conversation, half-heartedly answering while he stared out the window of the passenger’s seat.
It didn’t use to be like that. Their silences were once companionable and comfortable ones. They were briefly interspersed with flashes of quick jokes and thoughts on their plans for the day, mixed with both of them shambling about for breakfast and coffee, with a healthy dose of giving each other loving glances over mugs or across newspapers and quick kisses before heading out the door. Then somewhere along the way, that contentment dried up like a riverbed caught in the middle of a drought.
He has no way of processing the time, so it could still be early morning or late in the afternoon. Either way, he hasn't eaten since, Jesus, possibly two days ago. When he had dinner and went to bed before a certain perverted maniac rang his doorbell. He's done with his workout, he can't exhaust his energy if he's already hungry. He slumps into the chair, and peels some of the more soaked bits of clothes away from his skin. He'd rather change into something fresh, but that's obviously not going to happen. An indeterminable amount of time passes, and John starts to worry.
"Right, because someone, possibly naked, wrapped in a sheet in the middle of the night is going to attract less attention is it?"
John notices freshly cleaned clothes and a modest meal of a sandwich and crisps with bottled water by the door. When he dresses himself and especially when he bends down, he resolutely ignores the stabs of stretched pain in his backside. He may have been thoroughly prepared, but his body is not as young as it used to be.
John’s mind scrambled for an excuse. The irony was not lost on him, that the one falsity he would be forced to tell, was the only thing that would keep him from being deemed a madman.
At first, John’s eyes opened to stare into their dark room. He said nothing. He reached up to one of the hands that cradled him, and pulled it up to his mouth. He kissed a pale wrist and said, “Every word of it.”
Each forward step he took he grew larger until he was at last his normal height. Without ever having seen it before, he knew where he was. It was the sewage system below the Baker Estate.
“Oh, come on, you aren’t a child.”
Sherlock took a step back at those words, and at the vitriol that was corroding John’s expression. Sherlock breathed deeply through his nose, and said the next few words as though they were being pulled from his body by fishhooks. “Harriet said the same thing. That I didn’t deserve your love.”
Is it the fact that he has a urethra up his prick? That Sherlock controls even that part of him? He can't even piss for himself in this hell. Is it the loss of those small indignities that make him human? No.
John nearly made a pleading noise, but caught himself just in time.
John squeezed Sherlock’s arms in reassurance. “I know, but you don’t have to rush.” He saw something soften in Sherlock’s expression.
There’s a flash of disgust on John’s face. For once, it’s not directed at the usual culprit.
He’d barely had time to register the abrupt change before he was being picked up and carried back to the bed. He was gently placed on the fabrics, which was completely at odds with the heated and random murmurs coming from above him.
Finally, with ten minutes on the clock, the moment of truth has arrived. "Much to your dismay, I did in fact manage to grade your exams last night. The results were, well, what I expected." John doesn't need to look up to know that there's a twist in his lip. Whenever John overhears other students talking about Mr. Holmes, it's usually with unmitigated hatred. While John does agree that he can be harsh, John never for once thinks that he's overcompensating for a lack of intelligence. The man is brilliant, and John feels the sharp ache of disappointment in himself that he might have let the man down.
Sherlock softly rolls John’s balls in his palm, enjoying their palpable heaviness. He’s very aware that the testes only contain one liquid, and the bladder another, but he briefly indulges in the fantasy that he can feel both sloshing around underneath the fuzzy skin.
Seeing John's lips stretched around the gag is a pretty sight, but he needs to be able to hear John for this next bit. He unbuckles the gag, and John repeatedly opens and closes his jaw in response. When his mouth is relieved, John goes back to gritting his teeth in denial. He can feel himself slipping, dripping away. He's becoming desperate to come. But he can't. He won't ask.
Angelo, pale face twisted in pain, stands straighter, clutching the sluggishly bleeding shoulder, "Yeah, I did. And you know what? I'd have taken the poor bastard to the ends of the Earth to get him away from you if I'd known that's what he was running from."
Sherlock pulls out his phone and mockingly reads, "Mary Morstan: Counselor and Aid in Domestic Violence. There isn't a picture of course. But the very detailed descriptions and the hidden camera on one of my spies should be more than enough to go on, don't you think? She's already left the pub, according to my associates, but I don't. Really. Care." Sherlock has pushed himself from off of the wall, pocketed his mobile, and is stalking towards John. Pure, unadulterated, and furious jealousy makes those eyes glow.
John blows across the top of his tea, and doesn’t press for more information. Another thing Sherlock is grateful for. Most dull and boring people would ask if he could See into their dull and boring lives by now, hoping that Sherlock would predict some novel occurrence in their future that would make it less frightfully dull and boring. Usually Sherlock would reply that they were going to die horrifically, and quite soon.
“That was this afternoon. And that reminds me, no more skipping class.”
They’d gotten settled in to a house that was almost a mansion, compared to their apartment, with two whole separate floors and even a porch. John had insisted that Mary needn’t bother with finding a place that was handicap accessible.
John moaned deeper, tangling one hand in Sherlock’s curls while the man above him began to gently rock against his hip.
When the indication struck him, John felt his nerves tangle in knots all over again. He rolled onto his stomach anyway.
me helping you, Doctor. Have a pleasant day.”
If Sherlock was glowing before, he was incandescent now. John beamed back at him.
They’d found a parishioner at the tiny airport chapel within two hours.
In any case, he could have this tested if he brought it to the apothecarian. He didn’t have anything to carry the loose leaf, apart from his own clothes or whatever he could cup in his hand. Since he didn’t want to risk bringing the whole jar with him and being caught with it, he’d have to smuggle some in his fist until he could store it discreetly.
“Hold his chin back, if you would be so obliging,” Jim asked as he stepped forward with a small brown bottle. John didn’t have to read the small print to know that it contained laudanum.
"Not sure," was Seb's response.
"Thank you Sebastian, that is quite helpful," Sherlock murmurs, dismissing the man as background once again. His attention is on John again, who appears to be trying to push on the prison again. How adorable.
John sighed in frustration. “It’s because that I believe you both are equally capable of goodness as you are in greatness.”
“Sherlock has told me much about you, he was very excited to celebrate your little escapade together. I was honored to have him come here, truly. You have a very promising student you know,” the large man winked in exaggerated conspiracy.
One aims a wood plank over his head, which John easily deflects with his talon. He grips it firmly in the middle, and snaps it like the twig it is. He curses himself when that gives another human the opening to whip their heavy chain around his wrist.
John completely forgot about the tie still dangling across his shoulders, until Sherlock starts to pull it off. As Sherlock pulls back to smirk at him, John already knows what the tie is going to be used for before he’s twirled around. Sherlock brings the fabric up to his lips, and he parts them without a sound. The fabric slides into his mouth, quickly soaking with saliva. Sherlock secures the knot efficiently, firmly enough so it doesn’t move, but not enough that it digs into the back of his head.
“I just don’t want it to go to waste,” the soldier shrugs, “whoever made this did a good job. I’d hate to see it thrown out just because you’re picky.”
He scuttles around the edges, and directly above the wall with the original claw marks is another set. These ones are even deeper, when the creature had dug in with his hands to pull himself onto the roof.
Sherlock scoffed, “You are many things my husband. Possessing a macabre imagination may be one of the newest attributes I’ve unveiled about yourself, but you are far from weak.”
“I’m not a
“John, relax, you look like you’re about to pop something,” Sherlock entreated. He snatched at John’s spoon, scooped up the last bite of tiramisu, and ate it while wearing a large grin.
“The favor you give to your hips and back suggests otherwise. You also still appear flushed.” He placed the back of his hand over John’s forehead to guess at his temperature. “Mm. I suppose not feverish anymore. Still, best to get your rest for precautions’ sake.”
“Harry,” he said to the breathless universe that was waiting for his answer, “it was Harry.”
It sparks behind his eyes, marking a fiery path through his veins. His hand slips from John’s shoulder, and he lands gracelessly on top of John’s back.
The last time he had gone this long without a decent case, he had invented a new cleaning solution that was ten times stronger than bleach. Of course, it had lost the purpose of 'cleaning' once it ate through the floorboards.
So John smiles like he can’t believe he’s about to do this, which isn’t far from the truth, and takes Sherlock’s hand as he rises from his chair.
He stepped through his doors, and someone nearly barreled him over. John was back on high alert before he registered who it was.
So they were stuck in a bleak limbo, both of them knowing that their marriage was fixable. That if only they could pinpoint the issue, and deal with it like adults, they’d both be stronger for it.
He surveys the alley thoroughly. Categorizes every blood pattern on the walls and ground to which limb had been cut and which direction the body was facing. The more he looks at it, the more Sherlock's eyes gleam.
"Wait! Stop!" John realizes too late that it was a mistake to say anything. Sherlock's gaze sears into him. His eyes run over the expression that John is too slow in tamping down. Sherlock stands straighter, and dread drops John's heart into his stomach.
"That's...not what people normally say." Sherlock says as he's leaning against the door of the cab. He distantly hears the driver say something irate, getting impatient at having to wait. Sherlock's heart is hammering away inside his chest. This goes above and beyond what he expected. He's ecstatic. He's found the perfect one. He's attractive, smart, fascinated and above all, interesting.
“I’ll be off now, and just so you know, everything is on the house tonight. It’s the least I can do for our resident hero and his brave teacher,” he grinned so large that John wondered if it hurt to work so many muscles at once.
"Ah, I take it the wings are an erogenous zone. My apologies." And Sherlock's eyes almost pop out of his head when he says it. He really means it. He didn't intend to cause the creature discomfort.
Sherlock was right, it would hurt beyond measure.
“I rather felt like marking you,” Sherlock replied, “were you upset with the location? Would you rather I branded you somewhere more noticeable?”
“Or when you’re genuinely surprised at something, you do it then too.”
“I-I never agreed to be your bond mate in the first place! I am happy to be of assistance but not, not in
Sherlock starts to pull John’s jeans down, and John lifts his hips to help him. Next comes his underwear, and then Sherlock is unbuttoning John’s shirt. John doesn’t wear pullovers anymore, as they tend to end up in shreds from Sherlock’s impatience. Or maybe it’s that Sherlock prefers to see him gradually exposed, like unwrapping a present.
"Been a while since you've had a decent meal, eh?"
Maybe it's his fight. He certainly feels more...resigned than he remembers. He barely speaks anymore, and Sherlock doesn't really seem to notice. They've passed the last two days in relative silence. The only time he really says anything is what he would like to eat when Sherlock orders from the intercom in their room. Other than that, it's the occasional 'hm' or 'hum' of acknowledgement when Sherlock's ranting about something or other.
“Maybe I’ve changed my mind,” John shrugged, fighting to keep the teasing smile off of his face.
“To make amends by saying you should have ‘let me down gently’,” Sherlock sneered around the words. “If you truly think that I’m upset because I wasn’t
Jim laughed without mirth, “Placing us on the side of angels is a grievous blunder John.”
When they arrived, Jim was waiting to greet them. He was smiling from ear to ear.
But John was not dull and boring. John treated Sherlock’s ability to see into the future, along with all of his other abilities, as casually as one responds to the news that a close friend is doing well in life.
John struggles, but these men aren't idiots. They've already got both of his arms trapped behind his back. He has no other option but to stand or kneel. It's not difficult to choose. Several more men flood the kitchen, all of them heavily armed, all of their features covered. Except for the one who strides in last. John struggles again when he sees the familiar head of curls.
“I wish things were different,” John admitted. “I know that you think you understand what you’re feeling Sherlock. But you’re going to have to trust me on this, the way I’ve trusted you before. What you’re experiencing isn’t love, it’s just a misguided crush. That’s all.”
All conversations ground to a halt when Sherlock walked into sight.
He folds his wings around himself like a cloak, and hastily retreats into the shadows when he hears the close squeal of the sirens. He claws his way up the building, leaping towards home, hearing the woman shout after him, "Freak! Monster!"
"But I believe, you will be far too preoccupied with what's in store for you to even think about plotting your pointless revenge." Sherlock's standing close, arms crossed, looming over John's restrained form. A juvenile intimidation tactic. The words give John far more apprehension than the stance.
John gulped for air and tried to moisten his parched mouth. “Alright, alright,” John said. He moved his hand back to his side to clutch at the sheets while the other moved from his nipple to his hair. He pulled at the strands to ground himself.
“You were doing so well too,” Sherlock snidely says, and even he can hear the way his voice has been pushed down to make room for something more carnal.
“Well, I only wanted to stop by to say hello. I try to do that with all of my tables. At least the ones that wouldn’t mind some brief company. Quite a few of the tables are already ‘friendly’ enough without my being there.” The wink was back again, and John was very glad that the place was dark enough that his blush could be blamed on reflective lighting.
The door clicked shut.
John's finished his drink, and he's giggling with Sherlock about the man in the out of place posh suit with a latex fetish. He notices his empty glass, and moves to stand up from the booth. "I'll get it," Sherlock clasps a hand over his wrist, stopping him from getting up.
John snorted in amusement at that, “Are you sure you wish me to list irritations about my husband? I’m sure he’s done nothing but remark upon my faults to your sympathetic ear.”
‘Enroll your child at Gladstone Academy and take comfort that our staff is as caring and professional as you’, or some other such bollocks.
God, he had teased Sherlock about insatiable teenage lust, but where was John’s supposed self-control now?
His body is losing the battle, and his mind is slowly ceding defeat. John nearly hyperventilates with the urge to leave. To pound on his cell walls until the concrete breaks or he does. To scream for help until his lungs bleed.
won't do anything to her. The four, sexually repressed men with misogynistic tendencies I'll send after her, I'm sure they'll do
“Oh, well then. How can I help you, Mycroft?”
With a surge of determination, John lifted himself to his feet. He strode towards the kitchen to make some tea, deliberately not looking at the stick of metal growing in distance behind him. He got as far as the bedroom doorway before he crumpled against the frame in a flash of pain.
“A few days ago,” John said, “after dinner and before bed. I stationed myself outside your door so you wouldn’t perceive me.” He hoped it was vague enough to work. Moriarty could very well have not opened that safe since he had arrived at the estate.
He's sitting casually in front of Holmes' desk, legs crossed and feet bouncing in a playful rhythm. The Maths genius turns and regards John with a warm smile.
An unwanted thought creeps in of what he used to do as a distraction when he was bored out of his mind in his flat. He waves the thought away, and the nasty voice calls him a coward for not jerking off. Which is actually rather funny, so John grins briefly. He tells himself that it isn't cowardly. First, it's smart. There are cameras all over the room, and Sherlock obviously has no qualms about molesting him, so what would happen if he made the psychopath angry?. John definitely doesn't want to find out.
John sits, waiting for the ointment to dry so he can do his routine. He tries looking as inconspicuous as possible, which the only real way to do that in here is to look bored. Mission accomplished. Again, John wonders why he's even worried.
He pondered over the thought, but dismissed it as fantasy. For now.
When John looked back at Sherlock, it took him a moment to remember that he was only acting. The change in Sherlock’s demeanor was astounding. He was unsure, timid, and desperate. His arms were crossed in a defensive posture, there was a faint tremor that occasionally shook through his whole body, and he seemed too exhausted to lift his feet from the floor.
He has a complete understanding of his surroundings, and how to utilize them. Sherlock doesn't know how this...male, could possibly surprise him more.
“That was the most incredible thing I’ve ever heard.”
The kid responded, “They ran off after I proved I could hold my own in a brawl. They might’ve also been afraid of someone strolling by, and they couldn’t claim that they were the innocent parties, since it was indeed two against one. And if I brought the same evidence that you just described to light, then disciplinary actions against them would have to be taken, regardless of their privileges.”
What John saw made his eyes narrow. He insisted, “You really should go to the Head after we’re done here. I already didn’t like it when I thought it was just one other kid, but teaming up against someone is unacceptable.” He finished wrapping the bandage around the boy’s hand, efficiently tying it off.
Sherlock snorted, and looked at John in surprised humor, “You don’t know that for certain. It’s a rather lovely night.”
His work is incredibly delicate, and the wound leaks blood enough to cover his whole left torso, but not enough that he'll bleed out for some time. The muscle glistens in stunning colors of pink and red, looking viscous in the light. Sherlock touches the wound reverently with his gloved hands. Looking up, he notices the man has been sobbing, and has soiled himself in his underpants. Typical. Ruining his fun with useless blubbering.
After Sherlock had confessed himself, and John had turned him down. More than that, he had dismissed Sherlock’s feelings as ‘confused’. In a moment when Sherlock wanted most to be treated like an equal, John had handled him like a child.
Manners take over common sense and John says, "Yeah it's fine. Take all the time you need." The sudden torrent inside his mind nearly crashes him back to sobriety.
“John!” Sherlock’s voice broke through the tirade, and stopped John from turning the paper into shredded confetti.
If not, Sherlock was
Flashes of clinging hands, deep groans, and two sets of tongues and minds working together to peel him apart, came crashing into John’s head. The memories slipped away before he could process them fully, but the damage had been done.
? You just murdered six people! They didn’t even have magic to defend themselves! No, fuck this. We’re going to Scotland Yard first, gore covered clothes and all, then we’re going to get you to a fucking healing witch so they can fix whatever---whatever is wrong with you.”
He tells himself.
“As it stands, until you are hale in both body and mind, the greenhouse has been locked away.”
“Sure, John. Hurry up and get your things.”
Humans. They never change.
Smiling, Sherlock asked one final question. "You should have been a bit clearer with your explanation of me Mycroft. What exactly did you tell John that had him so desperately running into my arms?"
Sherlock was always careful and wiping his semen all over his doctor's sheets was definitely not careful. Sherlock smirked when he managed to spot the predictable box of tissues by the bed. Grabbing one, he placed it over himself, thought about licking and biting John's bullet wound until it was bloody again and came into the little square. By far, that was the most powerful wank he'd had. Sherlock always found himself grinning whenever he thought about what it would be like to finally stop fantasizing and have the real thing in front of him.
“How did--”, John searched for the words to say. Sherlock beat him to it.
When John couldn’t put off getting out of bed anymore, he pattered about the house like he was on autopilot. The pain in his leg from last night seemed to be gone, and he pondered on the reason. Either he was in mild shock and the realization that his marriage could be well and truly over hadn’t caught up to his psychosis, or what he had mistaken for crushing shame was more like cathartic relief.
John showed them the video, and Sherlock repeated what he had deduced with strained patience. The lieutenant left in a hurry, demanding someone get a judge to issue an arrest warrant for the superintendent as soon as possible. Before he got into his car, he yelled at John and Sherlock that he’d be taking their official statements, and then he sped away.
John feels a chill go down his spine and scowls at the ground. He steps forward, and holds out his hands palm down. Sherlock nods at his cooperation, and pulls him towards the couch. John thinks about resisting again, but a look from Sherlock stops any attempt. They sit down, and Sherlock unscrews the can while John stares at the TV. Sherlock makes a pointed cough, and John just holds out his right hand without breaking his view.
Jim’s head lolled towards John. The warm whiskey brown of his eyes had turned to unfeeling and empty polished stones. “I mean, really, who goes through the trouble of looking up the history of the Holmes and Moriarty name, confronts the two partners with deep suspicion after discovering some old newspaper headlines, and then only proceeds to threaten them with exposure to the sibling that was being courted?”
“I understand how you must perceive this situation,” Jim continued, “and I cannot imagine your confusion and fear. But I can assure you, all you held was the result of one of our experiments, dried for testing its properties against a fresh plant, nothing more. It is only ever intended for ingestion by our laboratory rodents. Never a human specimen.”
“John,” her voice was as soft as dust carried by a breeze, but he could still make out her words, “my dear brother John. I am so sorry. I couldn’t protect you.”
They clung like tar to the back of his throat.
As if she could hear John’s body turn to stone with terror, Harry’s face came up from her cupped palms. The empty sockets of her eyes leaked inky ooze and trailed down her withered features, following the stark outlines of her cheekbones until it dripped off of her pointed chin.
The night air was cool without being freezing. With the yellow streetlights and the quiet serenity, it felt like they were the only two people walking in the whole world. John shoved that stray thought away to unpack at a later time, or possibly never.
The teen nodded. It seemed closer to a gesture of swatting away flies with his wildly unkempt hair rather than an indication that he was paying attention to John’s words. As the teenager held both compress and tissues over his face, John finally noticed the evidence of a fist fight.
It's when Sherlock has gotten bored with the thigh that he notices that the man is actually trying to form words. He stares at the man's mouth, trying to figure out what the hell is so important that he would be trying to distract him. Oh, right.
He breathes Latin in John’s ear, and holds him steady while John shudders from suddenly becoming so slick and open.
“Sure, of course,” Mary nodded. Then she looked at John and grinned, “Maybe not while you’re going for the toga look though?”
All John has to say to that is, "Thanks." Now he's clutching his left hand, thinking of what Sherlock could easily do with a strategically placed scalpel on a tendon. Moran nods, taking this as his cue to leave. When the door clicks shut behind him, John wishes the man luck. Against all odds, he doesn't envy Moran at all.
Warnings: Torture and Obsessive thoughts, because I thought we should really get a good look at Psychopathic!Sherlock
The shiver that goes through John’s body is far colder than pleasure.
Reeling from momentary pleasure and the rush of endorphins from his beating, John growls so ferociously in frustration that Sherlock pauses in fucking him.
“Sherlock,” John chided, “I’m needed in the village. A doctor is a necessity in any town.”
Sherlock dashes back to the crime scene, which is now deserted. Police tape covers the entrance, but Sherlock doesn't need to go inside. He looks around and quickly finds what he's looking for. He climbs up the fire escape, and nearly slips when the rusted metal creaks underneath him.
Sherlock snorted, “A fairly accurate summation. After he refused, we didn’t…well. To him it was ‘too weird’ to even tolerate my presence.”
They immediately flew open again when Sherlock completely drew John's pants down to his thighs. Sherlock delighted in the correct assumption that John didn't wear underwear to bed. John's uncut cock lay flaccid between his thighs. Apparently their brief discussion had softened whatever arousal Sherlock had brought on. This annoyed Sherlock, but he didn't fault John for it. Soon, his doctor would relish in the attentions he would give him. Brief ideas about sexual conditioning crossed his mind, but Sherlock went back to admiring John's cock. It was surrounded by soft pubic hair that was slightly lighter than the hairs on his head. With reverence, Sherlock's long fingers traced the skin of his shaft.
“I’m going to bloody well kill him,” Sherlock promised while he shook the paper in the air. Molly held a hand up to her chest, possibly to be sure she still possessed a heartbeat.
Omnivorous, yes, but who knew if the gargoyle was allergic to certain leaves.
As her feet startled to shuffle, Molly wondered if maybe she should just leave and finally use a sick day before John said, “Thank you, Molly.”
John pulls away, unable to stand the comforting weight on his arm. Sherlock lets him have whatever space is available. The thought that he’s in an enclosed space with the man does nothing for his nerves, but he breathes deeply through his nose to try and dispel those thoughts. The back of his head hits the wall with a solid thunk. Dry laughter leaks out of his throat and he creaks, “So far, I’d say this date is going exactly the way I thought it would.”
He's a little surprised when he realizes the man is still in his room. "What," John snaps, "curious to see what I consider the lesser of two evils?"
Too late for what?
Sherlock had thought that an acceptable agreement, and left. Once he was gone, Molly turned to John.
John carefully counts his inhales and exhales. This is just a body, everything that's happening is a biological reaction. He can do this, he can endure this. His thoughts screech to a halt when Sherlock gently eases a long digit into him. The moan that threatens to spill from John's throat is stopped at the last second. John shivers from the effort and sudden rush of arousal.
John comes into the toilet. He feels a little better in body, but his soul feels tarnished. He flushes the evidence away and cleans up. In his mind, a mantra plays over and over again.
“What do you think?” Sherlock asks, and God help him, there’s genuine curiosity and hope in that tone. John’s not sure whether to find that amusing or genuinely frightening.
He can feel the give of his delicate flesh around the unyielding metal. It’s less of a pain, and more like an ache. Similar to a muscle being slowly stretched beyond what it’s used to. Sherlock stops, giving him time to adjust every few centimeters.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, "Yes, and then after she's assured of your well-being, she'll start pestering you for pick-ups at pubs again. I don't like her, John. I don't want her to bother you anymore." Sherlock nuzzles John's neck, goes back to giving little love bites. John nearly moans when Sherlock finds the right spot with unerring precision. Instead he grips Sherlock's shoulder to steady himself.
John felt like he should stop staring soon, or else it would turn into something uncomfortable. Mary cracked apart his thoughts when she said, “That is so bizarre. Brilliant, but bizarre. I don’t know how you have gotten used to that John.”
This time both hands encircled him leaving only his legs and head free. His shoulders brushed against hot and scaly skin as he struggled against the tight grip. Sherlock’s head snaked down to snap his teeth close to John’s face. He instantly stilled.
“Victor. It was hard to describe our friendship, honestly. He was a spoiled brat, but he took pride in the fact that he could keep up with me. Not intellectually,” John snorted at that, “but he took my…let’s call them flaws, in stride.”
Sherlock’s face was doing something that John had no way of describing. Whatever was going on in his head, Sherlock finally settled for stolid. “It wasn’t an easy time,” Sherlock admitted. “It…still isn’t.”
Sherlock blinked, and then scoffed, “I knew we’d make it out of there. I just wanted to give you something exciting to do. It would be a shame if you came out all this way for nothing.”
Sherlock’s face twisted into something sour. It looked harsher than displeasure, an expression that promised vicious repercussions if it was left to fester. John’s mouth opened, possibly to ask what was wrong, or demand that he stop. But the boy took a deep breath, and it was gone so quickly that John wasn’t sure if he had seen it.
Sherlock walks back, trailing the crop against the front of John’s chest. John’s nails dig into his palms in a futile attempt to calm himself. The slight pain still doesn’t stop his panicked breathing.
John blinks at him, "Sorry?"
He drifted, for a long while, in silence and darkness.
It was when they stepped out to the carriage that John remembered something vitally important.
“Fuck,” John moaned. He tugged his wrists, but Sherlock’s grip remained strong. All he could do was shift his hips encouragingly into Sherlock’s palm.
"Crystal," John slides out of the cab, chalking this up up to his win. It's not exactly "mingling", but he'll take what he can get. Not like he has a choice anyway. If all goes well tonight, he might even get Sherlock into a weekly outing. Which could lead to lone expeditions, if he's careful and behaves. John grimaces at what his life has become.
This would mean that she would be more than happy to be separated from him, in order to prove her worth to her peers. Being seen as a ‘helpless maiden’ that needed the voice of her Omega brother to survive would grind at her nerves for a very long time.
Sherlock can only do one thing now. Wait for it to come back.
Sherlock bit hard at the swell of John’s backside and stroked John’s stiff prick in the same instant. John’s fists clenched so hard his nails bit into his calloused palms, and he came with a high whine that he was unsuccessful in stifling.
John tried not to laugh, as a teenager making jokes about their drug addiction was not on. But he was glad he hadn’t sipped before he started to chuckle. It turned into a full laugh when he saw the face Sherlock made when he tried his wine.
His king brother remained stoic, and after a heartbeat longer Sherlock began to fear that he would lose an interesting opportunity as well as remaining undisturbed with his studies.
John continues to wring out helpless moans of pleasure and pain, trying to meet thrust for thrust with the little leverage available to him.
That was when Molly strode in with a bag almost bursting with takeout food. “Sorry, Doctor Watson, I think they forgot to put the fortune cookies in—oh! Hello!”
Still, he continued on, unable to stop now that the opportunity to speak about his troubles had been opened to him, “They’re far too vivid to be nightmares, but I am too aware of myself to call them delusions either. I see Harry, over and over again. She’s a restless spirit come to lament her state in life, or lack thereof. Yet despite knowing that it is my sister with all of my heart, she is far from the woman I knew. She is wailing, bitter, cruel, and... grotesque.”
He felt a smug pleasure in how labored Sherlock’s breaths had become. “See? Slow isn’t so--”
Sherlock’s derisive end to his speech was like the thunderclap that jolted everyone from stillness. John had one moment to savor Sherlock’s hilarious expression of realization and regret, before Snow barked out orders to “Take him out! Take him out!”
The water darkened the carpet in a growing puddle, but his focus was on the clumps of dark green in the sandwiches that he had mistaken for generic herbs. Nausea flipped his stomach until he couldn’t hold himself up against the furniture. He dropped to the floor and dry heaved beside the puddle.
Sherlock suddenly caught his gaze, “You did.”
Sherlock walks obediently away, but only because there's nothing more he's going to get out of the woman. He doesn't go back to Lestrade, but keeps heading down the street, mulling over everything in his mind.
