"Hush now." Michael muttered "Let's get you taken care of now that things are-" his voice dropped off as he turned his head, taking in the scene before him. "We should get everyone taken care of." He whispered noticing Castiel move his wings to envelope himself and Dean away from the world. He was happy for them, really.
Castiel nodded and Michael made a note to his brother's slight change in scent and the subtle way his wings dropped.
But Kelly, Kelly Kline was the light at the end of the tunnel, and she wasn't actually a Train. She was the sunrise after years of darkness, a drink of water to a dying man in the dessert, the first breath of fresh air after being buried, a gentle breeze in the heat, the sun after the rain, the thunder in a storm, the waves along the sand, the flowers in the meadow. To Lucifer Novak Kelly Kline was his reason to move forward, move up, get on top, and to stay alive.
Charlie gave the freckled Prince a small smile "Was the fight because you're nesting?" She sighed and looked up at Dean again with something in her eyes the Winchester couldn't place "Because it's normal for Omegas to feel the urge to mest after experiencing trauma and stressful situations. You've undergone a lot. But Sam of all people should understand that right?"
Lilith smiled that ugly fake smile and gave the Prince a bow.
"Cohen? Before I forget. Your new partner Winchester should arrive later today so make sure you're here by four." Bobby added, merely lifting his gaze as he spoke.
In this case the Enochian Archangel Crown Prince Michael of the kingdom of Heaven.
Sam followed behind Gabriel as they exited the dining room, the taller Alpha stayed close to the short angel as a puppy would it's master, still not familiar with the castle layout, though the short Archangel didn't seem to mind.
It was a formal way to wish his future mate luck.
The Alpha knight bowed
Michael regarded her words. Dean, drive them crazy? Michael had started to see Dean, the real Dean. He was finally starting to be comfortable, to be himself before he had been taken. Now he seemed so empty
Bad idea.
"I already told you. After breakfast. The carriage will be waiting, you will take the standard carriage a normal commoner would instead of a Prince. It should keep highwaymen away... Between that and your escort everything should be fine. Your brothers and I will be out in a month to assure you are taken care of and treated well."
"I know. But when is the best time to start potty training? How do you know when the child is ready? Is potty as difficult as TV portrays it? Are girls or boys easier to train?" Garth rattled off his questions with a shrug of his shoulders, hands buried deep in his pockets "I want to be prepared"
Luicfer kept his horse alongside Dean and looked at the young Prince, he looked to the Archangel as if the life had been taken from him, he flinched slightly and whipped his head around at every little noise and growled at anyone that came to close that was not Castiel or himself.
The human stood on the pier for a while watching the boat shrink, Gabriel waved to him, to which Sam gave a hesitated wave in return.
"They had him for four months, he's preg-" Sam's jaw snapped shut eyes widening as he stared at Gabriel's profile. He wasn't supposed to let anyone outside of Michael and Charlie know.
Lucifer shook his head and wanted to hug Michael but didn't.
"Alright. Cassie, make sure the books look clean, get the books for our private businesses moved to that secure location you had ‘em in a few years ago when the feds first learned our name. Gabe, check-in on the banks. I got a date tonight, and on my way might see who this new copper is." Lucifer shook his head. Hopefully laying low as Castiel had suggested would bore ‘em enough. But business still needed to be run, they had too much they were working for. They were gonna be on top.
At 27 Michael was incredibly young for a detective. Too young, if one was to ask the Lieutenant. But so was his nephew, Dean Winchester. A man filled to the brim with fortune and good connections. Each and every case the new detective had been assigned, he managed to solve by sheer and utter luck. Mike knew he was good. He was very good at what he did, but the very thought of having to actively work with the Casanova who was Dean Winchester, caused a mild headache.
"My Queen, how should we deal with this?"
It only made his frown deepen. It reminded him of a set of swirling concern and conviction.
Dean flinched back when a threatening growl escaped Castiel's chest.
"She's too innocent to be dragged into the family business. Not yet, not now. I got something good with her and I ain't about to ruin it." Lucifer's eyes felt wet as he turned to face the hallway instead of his younger brothers.
Maybe he was over reacting, maybe he was being dramatic, but he could never have what he wanted. It had always been like that.
After an awkward, silence filled dinner the Prince's all excused themselves to bed early, Queen Kate excused herself and Adam to an early bed as well, leaving John, Chuck, and Crowley alone.
"So am I." Gabriel smirked a little "Charlie, the maid is covering for me. If my father asks around I've requested to be left alone in my room as I'm feeling a little ill from the excitement of the last week. Take care of Deano and keep an eye on Cassie alright?"
Looking out the window, all Cas was met with was the midnight sky littered with beautiful stars and a bright white moon.
Michael ignored the way she spoke and bid her a goodnight. Along with another additional Apology for Castiel's behavior.
"What do you think of Dean marrying Michael?"
Michael blinked as he looked at his reflection, the mirror over the sink showed Michael staring at a tired version of himself, with red rimmed eyes as the eldest Prince and soon to be King held back tears for the brother he would bury in but a few hours.
Castiel pulled out a Handsome amount of money and paid her as he spoke
The war general easily dodged the blow and defended the next with a steady and calm swing of his own sword.
"Would you care if I, showed you around? To uh... Our living quarters for when we are married?"
"Michael! Are you alright-" Gabriel began but snapped his jaw shut as he neared his brother.
"No. It wasn't meant to be. You, this you, this twisted broken husk version of you, and me, this version of me, are not meant to be together. I'm meant to be with the angel that gripped me from Hell. Not you. Never this version of you." Dean's voice softened as his fingers tied behind him tried to get the nail loose
"But Crowley has no Queen and his mother disappeared when we were still young." Michael questioned with a raised brow and a hand on his hip, the other on his chin
Suddenly it seemed, both angels started falling to the ground, still kicking and clawing at eachother, wings beating and hitting one another. With a loud crach the earth seemed to shake, asphalt from the parking lot shot up everywhere and Dean had to run and duck for cover as debris rained down, crashing into everything and anything.
"He's not a bartering chip! He is your SON! Your own flesh and blood! You can't just sell him off to the highest bidder like an animal! I'm so very sorry he wasn't an Alpha but you can't do this to him!" Sam raised his voice in a threatening growl and this time  Dean did let out an involuntary whimper.
Michael watched Lieutenant Singer and Dean interact as if they've known each other for decades-- so the rumors were true. Fair enough.
On top of that, Cas was truly curious to see what that Kali woman was all about.
Lucifer knew he was a broken Alpha, his feelings for the Prince proved he was a broken Alpha... But that didn't stop the feelings, the feelings he hated that he had. So naturally it came out as anger and disgust.
Pushing Castiel over to the side, Dean knelt beside his Cas. Pulling the angel up as he tried to get him to open his eyes
"Oh! I'm sorry, it's just you look so grown up. I thought you must be their bigger brother."
"Whatever the secret is, it's secret for a reason and should probably stay that way." Sam replied simply giving Gabriel another smile "Focus right now on you're family. I'll have everything packed for a three day journey at best for you. If you don't mind me doing that?"
All Michael did was nod, now that he was sitting he felt the exhaustion of the day kicking in and as much as he hated it he felt his eyes droop shut and he head fall back against the chair.
"You look dashing, Luc." Kelly smiled, wrapping her arm around his.
"Fine! Yes I could've stopped Raphael! But I did not put him against you! Abaddon did! I let the duel happen because I wanted to see for myself which of you would be better fit to rule this Kingdom I-"
"Yes?" Dean finally croaked as he looked towards the woods where the creek disappeared to later join a little spring, chattering and gossiping down the rocks to meet the eager ears of a much larger river, that in her greed took the gossip of giggles down to the sea.
The Prince was decent at his job even if his 'people skills' were rather 'rusty'
"Why are you apologizing?" Cas whispered as his wings shuffled to be around Dean better
"Raphael has challenged me for the throne."
"I guess you're right."
"Why?"
It was a quiet moment between the two. Both going over all the information from the past few days. It was a lot to take in for anyone and everyone involved.
"Where is Dean" He growled his voice even and threatening, an Alpha kind of tone that Castiel never used, one hand held her hand pulled tightly behind her back, pinning her wings from moving, the other hand was firmly holding the side of her head awkwardly against the walls as her horns pushed painfully.
"I would've come, but shit went down with Lydia and I wasn't able to come." Dean huffed waving at the little boy with the curly light brown hair "Who's this little guy?"
With a defeated sigh Cas sat his head up enough to lazily grab a beer from beside his bed, where Chuck had found the stuff he never knew, nor did he ask. He just always supplies Dean with a stash, well, now it was Castiel's stash. Popping the lid the greasy haired hunter took a long swig and only stopped chugging when he needed to breathe.
"It is I, Prince Castiel, we've been searching for you your Highness." Castiel spoke and tried harder than he ever had before not to pounce the Omega across the room. He had never had to fight his instincts before how he was fighting them now. It was both thrilling and terrifying.
"Do come in and join us young Prince. You barely ate, we have enough." Kelly spoke up not even turning her attention away from fixing Michael's feathers, a fire roaring, flames dancing with an excitement the current company was lacking
Until he presented as a stupid Omega.
No Dean.
"Don't apologize. I didn't realize you weren't paying attention." John spoke softly as he looked at Dean's wide eyes.
Michael said nothing, staring off over the vast ocean, little silhouettes of long distant islands starkly dotted the horizon.
"I'm home! My phone died at lunch have you heard from Sam or Eileen?!" Dean Winchester, shouted from the doorway as he dropped his work bag and removed his jacket. He paused when he didn't get a response, and when the dog didn't come barreling into his legs like the mutt always did "Angel?" Pausing to listen and hear no response "Miracle? Here boy!" Dean whistled for the dog, again no response or jingle of collar.
"Ah. Well Chill little bro. You're making my nose twitch and my stomach churn with the amount if wrath coming off in your scent. You smell like burnt fucking coffee."
"I'm sorry. I thought I was being fired."
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"I think I know what's on your mind. I'm not stupid."
"No Dean. We are a partnership in our relationship. I'm not your owner. We will discuss the pregnancy another time. Right now I will have a maid come clean this up, and we will go have breakfast. You and I can go riding on the wooded trail you love so much, spend the day together, and we can discuss all of this together. As couples should."
Dean smiled at her with a nod of his head
This was a lot.
The freckled prince tore his eyes from the window as his carriage lurched slightly and began to move, the Omega would be lying if he said the shakey movement of the carriage along cobblestone streets didn't make his stomach lurch. Already his picked at breakfast threatened to show an appearance all morning, morning sickness, as Charlie had told him was the cause of it. The very thought of the child made Dean sick. He had yet to fully decide what to do with the child, and hadn't yet told his parents. Though the Prince knew his father was no fool and most likely recognized the stench of pregnant Omega the moment they had first seen eachother the evening prior.
"Alright Dean."
"He took a gaurd with him! He said he needed to fix all this turmoil that you all are going through. Why suffer longer than you need to?" Sam replied with a dry chuckl as he also stood up "You cannot tell your father. Gabriel has vowed to me that he will return by the wedding. If he is not barging through the doors by the 'I do's than I shall go retrieve your brother myself. I promised him that much." Sam pointed a finger down at the table, the other clenched into a fist as he squeared his face at Michael
"Get over there Romeo. Your charm won't work on me."
Empty, lonely, fighting the fight out of obligation until he drew his last breath. With the only thing keeping him from ending it all himself was the faint hope of reuniting with his beloved Humanity.
"I'm sorry my Prince but I came alone. I haven't seen the Omega since this afternoon. But if I see him I'm sure to let you know." She tilted her head as she brushed a stray hair behind her curling horn "You also needn't apologize for the young Castiel's behavior. Young Alphas are always head strong and, passionate." She purred pulling her robe a little tighter and her wings closer to her body
Not a good combination.
Sam wrinkled his nose as he picked up something else in his brother's comfort that hadn't always been there. It was small but made Sam want to Protect his brother more than usual. Sam closed his eyes and marked it off as just his Alpha part wanting to Protect his family and a distressed Omega.
Another deep sigh as Cas messed up his hair even more - why his brothers were able to keep a hairdo for an entire day was beyond him. Castiel gulped, he hated when his brother went all businessman on him. The way Lucifer could just turn on his anger and dominant behaviour like switching on the light, was terrifying even to close family members. Cas' eyes never left the doorway until their oldest brother was out of sight.
"Here we are Cassie! Best joint in Louisiana, but I may be biased as I own the place."
"You are way too excited." he chuckled, thanking their car boy for getting Gabriel's beige beauty with the golden details. "Well what are we waiting for then? We don't want your Indian goddess to wait for her short dancepartner, now would we?" Cas teased, Balty's dry humor showing through.
"Oh, by all means." Sam forced a smile, it seemed to strained.
Dean didn't say anything but shivered a little.
Raphael lifted his chin and with a growl turned in Gabriel
"I'm not ashamed of you because you're my son, I love you Dean, if you can't see that I've failed you." John spoke in a firm tone, his eyes soft but filled with sorrow and confusion as he continued "It isn't just Eve that demands this arrangement, Chuck himself was a part of it. Had he not told you or Michael that? He proposed it even." John's eyebrows came together in concern as he watched Dean spiral "Also as I've told you before, you two may one day love eachother, it takes time."
Charlie rambled on as she wiped the tears from her face with the sleeve of her dress
Dean had just finished breakfast with Michael and his brothers, it had been quiet, and awkward until Gabriel flung a grape at Castiel causing him to growl and throw one back. Balthazar had laughed and tried to stay out of it until Gabriel threw a hard boiled egg at him and it landed in his drink, splashing orange juice over his shirt. Of course then Balthazar threw some cheese back at Gabriel, missed and hit Michael right in the nose, what happened next Dean had not expected.
The Alpha bowed a little to the two Winchesters, Adam's nose wrinkled as he giggled at the display
"Get Lucifer!" Castiel grunted as he blocked the demons attack.
Raphael frowned and shook his head
Dean wasn't afraid of the older Prince anymore, in fact Michael seemed just as nervous about marriage as Dean, but then again... Michael wasn't the one that had to actually carry a pup.
"Dean stay beside me-" Michael's voice died in his throat, a gasp escaped his lips, face paling as Abaddon was followed by two demons, both with yellow eyes and glinting horns, armor that shone black in the low light of the heavily decorated room. Between the two demons they dragged along a mostly unconscious Lucifer, his wings bound and bent in a way wings should never be, arms bound, shackles hung heavy around his neck. Shackled, bloody, injured, and muzzled they dragged the Alpha in. When his head lulled to one side the male of the two Alpha demons grabbed the Angel's greasy sweat coated blond hair, yanking his head up. His eyes fluttered open. Blood coated his face and head, his body bleeding and cut.
Maybe the war wasn't over. But then again maybe Hell just wanted to make Michael so distracted by stealing his bride that they could swoop in when everyone thought it was over and overthrow the throne. That was not going to fly on Lucifer's watch.
Without a word Cas hit the other angel with his wing, his knee collided with his dark versions gut as his nails scraped over his already scarred eye, bring blood and a pained roar from the dark coated being.
"I'm sorry you had to see me like that." The Angel admitted with a frown
"Than don't Dean." Sam released Dean's shoulders as the door opened again. Without looking at the door Dean hissed out
"Hush now Michael." Balthazar whispered and knelt beside the Crowned Prince "We know you had to do It."
"I don't care what you and every knot head Alpha thinks. Omegas should be treated with respect. Stop being a sexist."
The older Winchester kept his eyes trained on the ground, staring at Michael's well polished brown boots, not saying a word.
"Fucking a you gotta be kidding me! Son of a bitch!" Dean squinted in the dark and felt his way to the bedroom, Cas heard more loud swearing as Dean stubbed his toe on the leg of the bed, but did find his phone.
Chuck was done interfering. If Raphael had a problem with his brother and future King, then they needed to take care if it themselves.
Dean was so lost right now he had no idea what to do, what to think.
John remained planted where he was standing. Staring at Chuck with a look of defiant anger in his eyes
"I'm sorry Alpha." Dean croaked. Maybe if he played the submissive Omega card, this could end without incident
Both Prince's sat in silence for a very long time. Castiel's wings pulled Dean closer as the two breathed the same warm air, noses so close to eachother they were brushing slightly. Castiel watched as Dean's light nearly blond lashes brushed his freckled cheeks everytime he blinked, and Dean couldn't stop staring at the way Castiel's eyes scanned his face as if searching for something unknown but only to the Alpha.
"Castiel calm down." Michael whispered placing a hand on Castiel's forearm.
"I have done no such thing! I have been granted the throne of Hell, as Crowley is dead. I simply came to show that my Kingdom is not a threat to Heaven."
Not needing to worry about their image, about the authoritative way they had to be.
Michael chuckled and shook his head
Gabriel sat behind him and began the process of smoothing the dark fluff down and petting his brother's wings in a soothing and comforting kind of gesture.
"Are you alright?"
"None." Michael stated looking about the bedroom as he took a final step in the room and out of Dean's little living space.
He had called Castiel Alpha. He had never done that to anyone, at all, except when it was beaten from him. Everything hurt less if he called the Alpha by that name.
Blindfolds were the worst.
"Yes well, I needed to speak to you privately." Gabriel's wings shifted before folding close to his back "My father cannot know about this conversation."
"I'm usually punctual." Dean frowned upon meeting his Uncle's eyes "You told me 3 and I'm here at 3."
Lucifer tried to drown out the clashing of swords, the noise of the crowd as they became excited. He was focusing on Dean, the young man's face was full of fear that was put of character for the Omega.
"I miss her sometimes. I told her things no one knows... She died after Samandriel was born nearly 11 years ago."
Dean nodded and glanced down where the Angel's were huddled in a mess of feathers
"I needed to see who would be a better leader I-"
Abaddon shrugged but said nothing more of the matter. "I would have you know, on the subject of this Dean Prince, I did not send for him to be kidnapped. I will say this, orginally he was to be promised to the ruler of Hell for peace. But the King of Earth decided to sell him off to Heaven. If you do not want him, I will take him to be my mate, peace will be maintained, and Hell will serve no threat to Heaven or Earth, or Purgatory, for the remainder of my rule."
Dean paused for a moment and swallowed back this sudden feeling of fear as he wormed his arm out of the Alpha's grip.
"Good idea. Come now, inside."
Castiel nodded as he was led by his older brother to his room. Once in the bedroom the fatigue of the traveling, and the emotional overcharge that he had been deal with caught up with him. The barely 18 year old yawned and stretched his arms over his head, his wings stretching up as well.
Dean groaned climbing out of the car and rounding it to get Emma out first
"You'll see." Cas pulled out the ice bucket from the freezer and plopped it on the counter before filling to mugs with ice cubes, than he grabbed some koolaid powder and a blender
But what scared Dean to no end was the fact that all those things, to him, Castiel smelled like home.
But Dean said nothing but "I'm so sorry" over and over.
"Dean I'm so happy you're home and safe." John mumbled into his eldest son's neck with a softness to his voice that was rare for public settings.
"Now…" the blue-eyed Novak started as Gabe had parked the car. "Let's see what you're capable of. If there's candy on the wall I will hit you with the first best thing I can grab, brother dearest." Cas chuckled, feeling as carefree as he hadn't in a while.
Michael opened the door to the balcony and a cool gush of air swept in making Dean shiver.
"I am not in the mood for your silly games Gabriel." Castiel bit out with a low growl before turning around and resuming his pacing
It was a beautiful painting and everyone's face was filled with happiness.
"Dean." Michael finally broke the heavy silence that had settled between the Alpha and Omega, his voice finally cracked the fog of Dean's mind, but also the empty peace the other Prince had established with his gaze at the Crystal creek, his feet in the cool water, little fish and tadpoles poking at his exposed shins.
Dinner went by with hardly a word. Gabriel, Balthazar, Michael, Dean and Sam hardly ate. When the meal was over, the Winchesters all retreated to a parlor to spend time the five of them, though before they were out of the dining room John pulled Castiel suddenly into a tight hug.
"Describe her, than stay her with Your brother and Gabriel. I will send Castiel and two of his men in here to protect you. King Chuck won't let anyone hurt you, alright?" Lucifer snapped a couple of times in Dean's face to get the Prince to focus "Hey, your Highness, please focus and steady your breathing."
"That's the point Angel!" Dean laughed, but his laughing turned into a startled yelp as Castiel flipped them over, straddling Dean's hips as he kept Dean pinned down
"Just acting 'course. Actually I was in a bar fight for my acting... Never be too blunt when you ain't sure bout someone," Dean laughed again with a shake of his head as he reassured his partner happy for once he was asked about where he grew up
"I know. But you proved you can do whatever necessary. Something, if I'm honest I was beginning to doubt."
Gabriel had walked around to stand before his baby brother and sat cross legged before him.
"The walk went fine Sam. I don't ever want to do this wedding thing a third time." Dean groaned his free hand scrubbing over his face, shooting Gabriel a dirty look as the Alpha snickered and hid his smile behind his book "Shut up Gabriel."
When Dean didn't respond Castiel gentle closed the door, releasing a breath his shoulders slumped his steps felt heavy as his dress shoes clicked down the bunker hall into a room the Winchester's had given him a while ago.
He needed to let Michael go and he couldn't... He couldn't let the love of his life down. He just, he knew he didn't want to live another day without Michael.
Castiel smiled, wings shifting behind him, glittering in the afternoon light
"Did you put Raphael up to challenging me? You did nothing to stop the duel, could you have?!" Michael's voice rose as did his wings, fingers tightening around the blade of his still flaming sword.
"Sam knows? Of course he does. And I'm not being told why?" Dean crossed his arms tightly over his chest, blowing out a breath he shook his head "Doesn't matter. I smell like a bunch of flowers so let's just get ready for whatever the Hell is gonna be taken care of alright? And pray it doesn't back fire." The Omega added with a mumbled breath seating himself in the chair infront of his now repaired vanity
Broken and empty like Castiel was. It was bad enough that he had been stripped of his wings, punished to be human, left to fight a losing war with the only people that had ever called him family, the Angels had left, the demons were under Lucifer's rule, the Archangel had Sam as a vessel, the Croatian virus ran rapid, it was bleak, it was hard, it seemed impossible, but he had Dean. They had eachother and that kept them going for years.
Castiel's shoulders hunched and he nodded. They wouldn't let anything happen to Dean.
"Thank you for bringing my boy home safe." John's voice was gruff with withheld emotions
"Of course I'm gonna marry you Dean! But I'm still proposing at your uncles!"
Prince Castiel.
"Your Majesty." The beta smiled innocently and laughed when Michael jumped, being started by the red heads sudden presence.
A womans sharp voice sliced through the air and the hand that had been brusing his face in its tight grip released him
"I will fetch your pillows, and as for her as my future Queen I simply don't know Dean." Sam handed his brother more pillows, one went behind the Omega's back, the others under each knee, and the last one over his lap.
Yet another fireplace off to the right, to the left a giant bed, cream and blue in theme against the dark wood with a canopy and everything.
"I suppose you're right."
"I promise."
"No need to bow to me Castiel. We aren't even in a public setting, to which in your kingdom it is I who would bow to you" the young Alpha chuckled
"I'm alright. I'm alright." Dean assured the Alpha with a gentle hand to Castiel's chest, the Angel's beating heart heavy under his fingertips. Dean's eyes met the concern swimming in Castiel's, wishing to drown in those seas forever.
Michael skidded along the floor and fell beside Lucifer, working the chains off him best he could.
"My brother is fine." Sam's expression softened, tension releasing from the teen's shoulders "I never got a proper chance to thank you Castiel. For finding Dean, for pulling him out of Hell."
Unfortunately Castiel didn't answer. Finally signing in defeat Michael turned away from the door when Gabriel's door opened.
"He did no such thing!" Castiel roared the sarcastic joke lost in the air as Dean's arm was shifted a little higher behind his back. The Hunter let out a hiss as pain shot through his shoulder but said nothing "I'm here to make it right Dean."
"Why can't I cross the salt line?" The question was asked as the ex hunter nudged at one of his hot dog socks with the toe of his boot
"Sammy? What the hell you doing in here?"
Everything went in a blur the rest of the day. Breakfast passed in silence, Michael was swept away to assist with some last minute wedding things, the funeral for Raphael was the following day, Lunch passed in silence, and then Michael was back at the stables.
Sam stated matter of factly as he hesitantly sat on the edge of Dean's bed
"Have you happened upon General Pellegrino? Lucifer?" Michael asked using one of Lucifer's official titles "He was to depart on a special assignment today, I was hoping to speak to him before he leaves..." Michael explained in a rushed tone
Castiel was about to ask why when Lucifer spoke to Dean fir the first time as the older man understood
"You don't know me, but I know you."
"Listen Omega, this is-"
"My Princes." She chirped raising her head with shining eyes "I will get you all served." She added turning to her task.
He reached forward and took one of Michael's hands in both of his.
Gabriel cleared his throat and stood
Michael knew he would get no answer, no real answer from the man resting inside that decorated box, under the land he once swore to have the best interest in mind.
"Cas no... no no don't-" Dean was cut off as Castiel attacked his sides. The hunter burst into hysterical laughter. Squirming and shaking to try and get his husband to stop
Still Dean kept walking hoping he'd recognize a part of the castle or run across Charlie, a gaurd or any of the Princes... Even if it was Balthazar or Raphael.
Finally he looked up as Castiel came out, crown on, chin up, wings high in Royal authority. The blond chose to ignore the fresh flecks of blood on the Prince's boots, and the few drops splattered across his cheek in a deadly contrast to his bright eyes, dark hair and deep wings.
"Sit first." Lucifer muttered pulling a crate of potatoes over and setting Michael on it. "What's in the bag by the way?" He asked pointing to the satchel that Michael held clutched in his fist like a lifeline
Adam scrunched up his face rapidly shaking his head
Michael groaned but nodded. A rather childish reaction but what else was he going to do?
"Don't be like that Dean! You'll be a wonderful mother."
"Not Welcome? Not Welcome! Ha!" Rowena cackled brushing red curls from her face "Dear boy if I wasn't welcome, then you wouldn't toy with Fate! You wouldn't tease with Destiny! Dear stupud Angel, if it weren't for me you never would've found Happiness with the late Queen!"
"Traitor!" Castiel groaned as Dean crossed the 'Salt line' and entered the fort
He pulled the two bodies apart, careful not to step on the twisted wings, moving the appendages in such a way to Hopefully alleviate pain.
"Start from the beginning Castiel."
Gabriel smiled as he watched Lucifer down his shot.
"But I thought he loved my Mom..."
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"What does it matter? He saved my life, I owe him as much as a friendship." The Omega explained "So what if we shared a hug? I was in need of comfort as what has happened to me was pressing on my mind last night. The Prince was in need of comfort upon hearing the news of Raphael's attempt at the throne, of which I had not known."
Dean shifted his weight from to foot to foot, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly, other hand in a fist bouncing off his thigh. The hunter opened his mouth to speak, but thought better of it. His eyes dropped down to the floor as he wasn't sure what he wanted to say, or at least how to say it
Forcing a small smile as he approached Michael, who was washed and dressed, looking well though a little battered
Michael balled his fist and growled a little in the back of his throat.
Bobby grunted and waved a hand at Dean
Benny and Garth watched from the doorway, Garth looking up to whisper to Benny as they watched Dean speak to the customer
"Your Omega arrived last week. He was put in solitary quarters and only Betas tended to him during his heat. Don't worry they didn't do anything but bring him food and blankets and anything else he needed. Though he wouldn't let a soul in." The Alpha smiled up at his brother. For being the third oldest he was the shortest out of all of them.
"Whatever. Go to sleep." With a chuckle Dean slapped a hand over Castiel's eyes and the Angel wrinkled up his face
Dean Winchester was not submissive and scared.
"If you'll excuse me." He said simply to which his father gave a small nod.
"So?" Gabriel quirked an eyebrow.
Everyone was quiet a moment. Especially Dean who, by now would have been talking all about whatever came to mind and cracking jokes.
"Lead the way."
"My apologies." Benny breathed taking a step back, hands up in surrender
They didn't talk, and when there was a knock on the door some time later Sam didn't bother to answer, as Gabriel had fallen asleep, his head on Sam's chest, wings stretched over the teen and bed. Tears dried down his cheeks as he had finally let it all crumble.
As Michael gave his partner a second to catch up with his reading, Mike glanced back at Charlie; a stunning, confident woman who knew exactly what she wanted. As a secretary she received compliments and flirtations left to right but never did she actually act on them and - to Michael at least - that was fascinating.
"I know. I'm a little brother also, my big brothers pull the same shit-stuff." Castiel corrected himself. But the human that was buried in his side snickered behind his hand
"I'm jealous Gabriel." Castiel whispered through the tears "I'm afraid I've... I've-"
"Is he as kind as you? What I mean by that, will my brother have a voice? If he decides to keep the child, will Castiel honor that and raise them as his own? And if Dean chooses otherwise, will Castiel honor that decision as well?" Sam's voice was serious as he spoke
Though as Gabriel made his way into a family parlor, where Dean and Sam were sitting drinking tea, Gabriel's eyes caught the large family portrait on the wall. Taken only a few years prior before the war, each of them in it, including Raphael.
"Now, this my dear Prince's is the most anticipated wedding of the century!" Lilith smiled at Dean with the darkest smile the Omega had ever seen "I'm thinking, something classy and Enochian for Prince Michael, and perhaps a traditional Omega wedding gown for you Prince Dean."
Cas rolled his eyes, mumbling "What have I done…" in fake annoyance as he followed Gabriel towards the foyer.
Breathing sucked.
"Jazz... I don't get the hype. Those gobble-pipes sound like someone's skinning a cat." he groaned, rubbing his temples. "Now, who's the dame? Must be a real honey bee if she's able to quench your thirst for sugar. She new? Tell me about her." he asked, trying to avoid Gabriel's question for as long as possible.
Dean threw Benny a narrow eyed look but it softened and turned to a chuckle
Sam scoffed and shook his head looking at Michael
"I feared that was a possibility. Don't worry though," Gabe turned his head from scanning titles to give Sam a reassuring smile "Your brother's secret is safe with me. I promise"
Spitting one last time Dean blinked, eyes watery as he glared into the garbage bin. A sudden hand on his shoulder made Dean growl and spin around, grabbing the arm and pinning the assailant against part of the counter
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"That's fine." Castiel reached for Dean's hand, the moment they made contact though Dean swiped his hand back away from Cas, swallowing hard.
Dean had been keeping track of the minutes in an attempt to keep his mind in check, but it was hot in here, his clothes were sticking to the sweat on his body, and everything ached. Then there was the smell, over however long he had been in here, tied up and alone, the lingering smell of that horrid Alpha suddenly didn't smell so bad.
"I can't wait, Luc. I really, really can't wait." she beamed, unsure if she was talking about dancing, getting 'a dog', moving in with him, or telling him about her second heart beat.
Michael watched Dean, his face was blank of all emotion as he mounted his horse in thoughtless but instinctual movements. He waited as Michael mounted his own horse before whipping the reins, Impala charged through the woods like a sleek black bullet, leaving Michael in the dust.
Granted Michael was kind, and generous, considerate, everything an Omega, or anyone for that matter, coul ask for in a spouse... But it still made Dean uneasy.
This of course made Dean huff a laugh and look up as Charlie strode over. Her red hair in a braid over her shoulder and a smile on her face.
He would live it. It's how Dean would of wanted it right? For him to keep fighting the fight? To save the earth? To do something, anything to make a difference, to save a life.
Michael chuckled and stepped back, bowing slightly to Dean, his wings spreading a little as he did
Castiel was avoiding eye contact, his eyebrows nearly touching as he stared at his eggs. Balthazar had wine in his glass as he chatted joyfully to a maid, Gabriel was quietly moving his food back and forth with his fork, Michael ate in silence, Chuck seemed lost in thought his players untouched, Raphael, for once, seemed content and more smug than usual, Sam just simply scooted his chair a little closer to Dean and said nothing.
"Castiel enough!" Michael ordered to which Castiel did not listen. The black winged angel took two strides forward, placing himself between Abaddon and Michael "You are responsible for the kidnapping and torture, of Omega Prince, Dean Winchester." Castiel growled as he looked at the Alpha demon in disgust
Lucifer whipped his head to where Dean had been looking
"By all means" Michael smiled back, motioning with a hand
Dean shifted in his seat and cleared his throat.
Lucifer was rather curious to see if Michael was looking forward to stuffing himself with a million different cake flavors and appetizers. The thought alone gave Lucifer a stomach ache. As the day ended Lucifer ensured the night shift was working before heading into the castle.
Cas spared one glance to Dean, tied to a chair on his side against the wall before his fury filled gaze fell on his alternate darker version
Michael was stunning, his wings, his eyes, they seemed stern but swirling with a hidden sea of kindness... Properly hidden by war, and his scent was nice and actually calmed Dean's nerves a little.
Dean shook his head
"Dean did." Michael said simply as he nervously rubbed the back of his neck
"Prepare my horse, and Prince Dean's horse would you please."
Gabriel understood what that scent combination meant.
Gabriel led Sam down the halls until they came to a lovely door with gold letting saying 'Gabriel' with gold feathers seeming to drip down the door.
His whole head throbbed with the sudden movement, a sharp pain jolted down his spin and his vision blurred and swam around, he could feel his heart in his ears and quickly closed his eyes with a long groan.
"You are here why?"
"They only make you sniffy. You're not that allergic Dean."
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"Right now I believe you understand what is happening to your body." Alistair's sleazy voice purred from somewhere behind Dean.
As they drove, Michael glanced over at the ocean that barely kissed the horizon. For as long as he could think he had been deadly afraid of the sea. And driving by it every day felt so alien… it looked so beautiful, peaceful even… but once the water started to rise and you couldn't swim upwards any longer--- He shook the thought away and focused back on the car ride.
Without another thought Castiel threw a large wing over the boy and pulled him into his side
Castiel sat on the couch in the entertainment room, or the Dean cave whatver it had been deemed, a random book in hand as he simply leaned back and tried to relax for the night. Reading usually was a good way to get his tumultuous mind to rest, sometimes even relax into an almost meditative state.
"Nearly twenty years ago the King of Heaven banned me after I revealed his own True Mate, because his old world views couldn't comprehend who his eldest and crowned Prince son was destined to be with! He could not wrap his small mind around the idea, the truth that his Alpha son was destined to he with another Alpha. Doing everything in his power to prevent Fate from having her carefully designed way." Rowena continued fixing her skirt, turning to look over the blood coated and terrified crowd of people of all races and designations, that simply wanted to attend the bringing together of Kingdoms for the first time in hundreds of years.
"Than you shouldn't have attacked me, and you should've left your shirt on." Castiel laid down and made grabbed hands for Dean. The Winchester narrowed green eyes at the angel before settling into his arms. Pulling a spare blanket over them.
Dean stood beside his big black mare, emotions battling in him for the forefront, he wanted to run to his father, bury his nose in his neck and sob, part of him also wanted to run in shame, while another part wanted to lift his chin, set his jaw and act as if everything was fine.
The door wasn’t locked, and he stepped inside, his footsteps muffled by the carpet, watching her dance in the living room. Dressed in that... that lingerie. Black, like her soul. He had the money in an envelope. God, he wanted to put an end to this nightmare. He took a step forward and saw her father’s Confederate sword mounted on the wall. The Devil was working inside of him. He licked his dry lips and moaned as he took it off its mounting pegs.
The work was gruesome and emotional. They found traces of both Garth and the woman, her remains going into the plastic garbage bag. It was all done quietly and with respect. When they were done, Castiel held out a hand to haul Dean back into the boat.
“Just haven’t found the right one yet,” Dean said with a shrug. Castiel supplied the words ‘right woman’ in his mind. Dean would never commit to a man.
“What if he thinks I’m just saying it to get Claire?” Dean leaned his head back on the seat and closed his eyes. That thought had crossed his mind more than once. He should have said it that night. He should have nutted up and responded to Cas’ words. After that, the moment seemed lost and he found himself floundering and worrying about
“Hold, please.” A minute ticked by. Dean knew because he was counting the seconds.
. “I’m... I don’t know what to say, Cas. It was just a one night...”
“Good afternoon, everyone,” Alistair said to the staff, but his eyes were on Dean. “I hope everyone is ready for the evening service. We are completely booked tonight.” The smiles of Dean’s crew disappeared, and the only sound came from the preparation of food. All talk had ceased the moment their employer entered the room.
“Being a boy was the common denominator,” Castiel said with a sheepish grin. “And I admit, I gave my parents a hard time.”
“Good morning, Sam,” Dean said, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“Look, Lilith Carrigan is... she isn’t the most pleasant person unless you have something to offer her. To keep the peace though, I need to see some form of ID.”
Smiling, Castiel shrugged. “Like I said, baby brother. I was eighteen and full of rebellion. I wanted to be as far from home as possible.”
He’d been covertly studying Dean Winchester throughout the tour and he couldn’t get a read on the man. Meg had given him very little background on Winchester and other than being an activist at FRAC, she didn’t have much else. That fact, in itself, showed the man had compassion, but his questions and overall demeanor made Castiel think he was a pretty face covering an ugly interior.
The door to his room was pushed open and the Army doctor that had been in charge of his care entered. “Afternoon, Mr. Novak. I see you’re feeling better. I’ve been informed that you are flying out today. I’m instructing you to take things easy. The cracked ribs need time to heal.”
“I did, but some things are more important. I’m over forty and only had a few years left of
“Please take your hand off my leg.” His beautiful blue eyes were shooting daggers at Dean. Dean pursed his lips and removed his hand. It had been a long time since someone turned him down. He really didn’t like the feeling.
with his pen. Since she was officially an orphan, he would take the liberty of giving her a name.
“The Council is aware Dean and Sam survived the fire. The demon’s leader said they knew of Dean’s location.”
It took him a moment to figure out that the message was from Dean. He captured the number and saved it under contacts, not that he would ever need it again after tonight.
“No, look, you’ve been really nice, but I’ve taken up enough of your time.”
His heart will beat again and he will truly live, but remain shadowed. My magic cannot break his curse completely, but will allow his body to age with time. When Dean’s soul is ready for the afterlife, Castiel’s will die also. Together they live. Together they die.
Poison was another alternative. Baiting a carcass laced with cyanide or strychnine would be fast-acting, but there is the problem of making sure the alligator got it and not wildlife or worse, someone’s family pet.
“Dean, give her some money for a cab,” Cas called out. Dean didn’t have to be told twice. He let go of Lola and reached for his wallet. He passed her a twenty and she snatched it out of his hands.
“No, someone in the back can make sweet tea. Kevin, please take care of that.” Dean sent Kevin off with a nod.
“Welcome to the spider deck,” she yelled above the noise of water lapping at the columns and the drill.
He smiled. "It tastes as good as it looks.”
“No, iced tea.”
“Again, she’s a grown woman.” It was time to change the subject. “What have you been doing? I know you wanted to visit the botanical gardens.”
. He smiled as he began to unpack and put his new place in order. By the time it was dark out, his bed was made up with new sheets, pillows, and a denim blue comforter. There was food in his refrigerator and his toiletries were in the bathroom. Yep,
Cas had a cart of his own and was down the aisle that featured wrapping paper. “Cas, we’re here for food.”
“If it doesn’t have my name on it, don’t touch it without askin’ first,” the boy recited and Castiel couldn’t help but smile.
“No.”
“I’m writing a travel book about my adventures.” Every time he repeated that, it sounded more ridiculous.
“Oh, Sweet Baby Jesus,” Rowena swept into the showroom. “Ask for his hand.”
“Well... what kind do you gots?” The inquisitive boy brushed past Castiel and looked around the foyer like he expected a monkey or zebra to be standing there.
“Five minutes,” the PA called out from the doorway, unaware of the tension in the room.
Dean shrugged. “I guess.”
“Come on, I insist. I’d love for you to try my burger. Yours was awesome. We could compare recipes.”
“Good morning,” Castiel replied softly. He was in uncharted territory. Was Dean going to regret their night together? Regret asking him to stay?
“I told Sam and Ellen about Claire. They are excited to meet her.” At Cas’ expression, Dean shook his head. “Babe, listen, you, me, and Claire... we’re a package deal. They want to be a part of that.”
“I would love that.”
As he turned to go back to the library, he saw Sam leaning against the building. “We’ve got to teach Mandy the difference between a heated discussion and a fight. I was hoping for something exciting,” he said as Dean stepped closer. “So, get this, Lilith thinks the new guy is some sort of illegal Muslim immigrant. What do you know about him?”
Feeling something was expected of him, he brushed his fingertips across the fly of Dean’s jeans, feeling the fullness there. A hand grasped his. “Later,” Dean whispered and took a step back. “I was on my way to meet Cesar about a kitchen issue.”
Another laugh and then, “Of course, Dean.”
“Anything,” Dean replied, meaning it. He’d give his life for Sam.
Kevin arrived with a Sam Adams for Dean in a chilled pint glass and sat down an iced tea in front of Cas.  They both waited for Cas to take a sip. Once he realized they were staring at him, he picked up the glass and took a sip. He smiled at Kevin. “Perfect. Thank you.”
At his modest home in Gainesville, he finished his packing, cleaned out the refrigerator, and talked to the neighbor who would be watering his plants and taking in his mail. By ten that night, he was as ready as he was going to be. The large plastic case held his equipment and the suitcase held his clothing and toiletries. He settled into bed with his laptop and typed out a few emails to friends and family before turning off the light and slipping into a dreamless sleep.
No one in the kitchen remarked on his abrupt exit and the rest of the evening was uneventful. He tried to remain focused on the food, but his thoughts were on Cas. Something had made Cas freeze him out, but what? It was still driving him crazy as he unlocked his door and stripped off his kitchen whites. He got into bed and tried Cas’ number once more. Voicemail.
, what your parents didn’t have time to teach you was that these beings have been living in harmony for the last hundred years or so. A treaty was formed and one member of each... breed, for lack of a better word, was asked to sit on the High Council. No one knows where they meet or who-alls on this board of elders. Your father was the leader of all witches.” Dean and Sam both straightened in their chairs. How had they not known that?
Dean heard the past tense and knew it shouldn’t bother him, but it fucking hurt. “Water under the bridge, Cas. I’m sorry about your mom...” It seemed like something that needed to be said. Naomi never liked Dean. He was the dirty farm boy who she blamed for making Cas gay.
The theme music played and Crowley held up ten fingers, counting them down. At one, the light on Camera Two lit up and Dean smiled brightly. “Thank you for joining us today.  We are about to reveal the winner of the Backyard Barbeque Bash. The winner of this contest will return in a few weeks and we will cook their dish together.”  Dean stood and walked over to the kitchen area where the cart with the five dishes sat congealing under the harsh lighting.  There would be no more close-ups on the food.  “The winner is pastry chef, Castiel Novak from Atlanta, Georgia, with his delicious burger. Congratulations, Castiel. We will see you back here soon.”
Castiel turned from the window and shrugged. “I tried when he was a boy. It didn’t work. It seems he is immune to my charms.”
“Who was the man?” Dean asked. All he remembered of that day was the fire, his father’s burnt body, and the strange man in the trench coat. He remembered his eyes. Bluer than blue. He’d driven them from Kansas to Bobby’s place. He never spoke. He’d made sure they were fed and had bathroom breaks, but otherwise, he’d driven straight through.
“The price of apartments.”
Once the beam was clear, Garth and Dean pushed it away and untied it, only to begin the process over with the next one. When it was lifted, Dean pulled Jannie out and held her as she sobbed. “Hey, it’s okay. You’re okay now.”
“Little late for a midnight snack.”
He used Cas’ toothpaste and brushed his teeth with his forefinger. It would have to do. Back in the room, he pulled on his uniform pants and undershirt before easing outside. Another overcast day greeted him and he sighed at the humidity that hung in the early morning air like a wet blanket. He called his father.
He stared at the wall and listened to the sound of the shower where a very naked Castiel Novak was
Castiel closed his eyes. Dean seemed to be enjoying pinching and sucking Castiel’s nipples and he could not complain as the sensation made him shiver. One of Castiel’s hands was raking through Dean’s hair, the other was clutching the sheet like a lifeline. The torturous foreplay seemed to last hours. Dean truly was taking him apart. He felt the slickness from their cocks on his belly and the coil of arousal was burning him up inside.
Outside once again, he held his glass aloft. “Rowena, good luck to you.” Again, the lilted tinkle of laughter drifted down around him. He was still smiling when his future husband took his hand.
Dean hadn’t bothered to look at the tasting table set up in front of the audience, but now that his segment was up, he glanced at the five contestants. He picked out the MILF right away, a bottle blonde with big tits. The shorter brunette could be the pastry chef or the cafeteria worker. Was the hot guy with the sexy hair and five o’clock shadow the factory worker or the owner of the food truck? Dean really should have gone over their bio cards.
He felt so void of all emotion and while it sucked, it gave him some relief to the pain. Though deep down Cas knew it would only come back when he woke up. This was his life now.
Michael sat beside him and Lucifer may have thrown a couple of wings over him, pink red meeting white in a contrasting manner that Lucifer loved so much.
"What of her?"
"Dean!" Sam sobbed throwing his arms around Dean's neck and burying his face in his older brother's shoulder "I-I was so afraid you had been killed like Mom..." the poor boy sobbed and mumbled into his brother's shoulder
Castiel's head whipped in the direction his brother indicated
Frankly Michael had only suspected that Lucifer had feelings for him, and he was confident that their conversation had more or less confirmed his suspicions...
"Do you really now?" Dean growled spitting some of the Alpha's blood from his mouth. By the sound of the deep angry growl Dean judged he had hit the man's face. It was really hard to see anything with the room so dim.
"Be quick! I need to make sure the dining room is getting cleaned."
His gaze shifted to the maps that he rolled back out. He needed to map the easiest and quickest way to this island and back for Gabriel. The Angel's family needed him here, not witch hunting, it brewed a dangerous thought in Sam's mind. One he knew Dean, Michael, everyone would be against. But did he really have a choice?
Michael laughed and shook his head picking some strawberry leaves from Dean's hair with a smile
The door opened a smidge and Sam without even thinking pushed himself into the room, bursting the door open so that it hit the wall.
As soon as Dean's boots hit the ground, the Omega looked up quickly at the wonderful scent of old books and coffee beans.
Sam's mouth fell open at the size of the library, shelves rounded the walls from knee high to the ceiling, artifacts from the four kingdoms were displayed behind glass below the shelves, and throughout the room as well as more shelves, maps laid out on tables and large windows on the far side of the room. A lovely marble fireplace with silver and gold trim lay to one side with chairs and a lovely rug, a few tables and desks lined various places and the ceiling was high and painted with what Sam assumed to be Heavens history.
"Get out." Chuck's voice dripped with rage as he raised his wings, fists clenched at his sides "Get out!"
Dean blinked back the tears as Charlie pulled away and cupped his face her hands
"I want to speak with her about a personal affair." Gabriel knew he couldn't give his father details. Who knew how Chuck would react to finding out that Dean and Castiel had fallen for eachother. His father could be unpredictable at times
The Alpha demons scent changed, from one of cocky defensive confidence, to one of trembling fear.
The red head bowed, her fiery hair was braided into a halo as she smiled at the four Prince's
The sky was beautiful and the moon was bright, the waves lazily nipped at the sand like a teasing lover, the moon reflecting over the earth made the water and sand shimmer beautifully.
The poor broken human couldn't find the fight in him anymore.
The sobbing did not come necessarily quietly, intact they sounded pitiful as they ripped themselves from Michael's throat, shaking shoulders and wings. The moonlight filtered through the curtains and as Michael finally had no tears left to cry he made his way slowly to the window.
The room was warm, a fire flickering as Dean leaned against his door with a sigh, a hand in his hair, the other over his stomach. He still felt extremely nauseous, but a little better now that he was alone. A small smile spread across his face as he looked at his bed and noticed a bountiful amount of pillows and soft blankets had been added to his bed, and Castiel's ratty coat had been untouched since he folded it that morning.
"How are we pet?" It was the woman's silk laced demanding voice from before that spoke
"I married MY Castiel, I married MY angel, I'm sorry you didn't get a happy ending. But please, don't ruin mine." Dean tried to keep his voice calm as he stared into the glowing almost white eyes of the furious angel
He had had two wives. Micheal, Gabriel, and Balthazar's mother, then Castiel and Samandriel's mother. It was a mess of things, the circumstances leading to the marriage of Castiel's dear mother Cassiel. He had named Castiel after his mother even. But everything around that time, and around the birth of his youngest, of whom the world was sure was dead, was shrouded in things he rather not think about.
"I'm sorry for the outburst Dean. I know how it makes you feel and I'm very sorry. But your brother cannot speak to me in that manner."
Completely
"I'm sorry I didn't Protect him." Michael muttered turning his face away from the kind Queen beside him
Over the years though, the freckled Winchester just, knew, when the fluttering sound of ruffled feathers was his angel, or some feathered dick bag out to hurt him.
Howling from the wind against the window only seemed to mimic how Castiel was feeling. Alone. He hadn't felt this completely alone in a long, long time.
"Dean is gone, and a demon Alpha is behind it." Michael explained as Castiel began to lead him down the hallway.
With that their footsteps retreated and the large door was swung shut
And as much as it hurt, Lucifer meant those words.
Sam had shifted in his seat as he tucked stray hair behind both his at the same time. Clearing his throat and sitting straighter as to try and not look so completely uncomfortable.
"I just want to go home Cas." He sounded so broken, so hurt and before Dean even knew what happened he had been scooped up in the Angel's arms. Castiel my have been an inch shorter, but he was still an Alpha, and still an Angel.
He wasn't some defenseless whore, he wasn't a damsel in distress and he'd be damned if this dick tried to use him without him giving him Hell.
"Don't let Raphael's words get to you. You are a real Alpha whether you're stuck up older brother sees it or not." The floppy haired Prince finally spoke what he had wanted to say since he had heard the older Archangel snap at Gabriel.
"Goodnight Sam, goodnight Gabriel"
Lucifer smiled kissing the back of her hand again as his eyes trained on the road and pulling into their favorite bar
It hurt so much.
Dean complied casting Cas an odd look
But alas that was all make believe, it simply was not real.
Raphael shrugged
He opened his mouth to say something when Kellie noticed his bloodied hand
Lucifer went back to watching the gates and making sure no one slacked off.
"He's missing."
"Why? Why would Chuck do that? This could ensure that everyone is happy. Eve would have no choice but to honor a True Mates arrangement even though she wanted Earth's Omega Prince to marry Heavens future King." Sam chewed the inside of his cheek nervously "It doesn't add up."
"Is this ok? I don't want to uh hurt your wings or anything... "
“Yeah?” Dean looked over at him, a smile playing over his mouth. “Hope, huh?”
“Congratulations,” Dean said, suddenly self-conscious at being the center of attention now that the adrenaline high was subsiding.
“I’m a witness, Daddy. And like I was saying, she touched him without consent, then started her nonsense, like she’s all goody-two-shoes. Everyone knows she’s boinked just about every man...”
“That sucks,” Dean said, the pieces not clicking together.
“Since when are you in bed before three... oh... holy shit. Are you with someone? Was that why you were whispering? Please... please tell me it’s Deeeean.” The way she drew out his name set Cas’ teeth on edge.
“I will see you Thursday. Goodbye, Dean.”
“Cas, I’m scared shitless.”
“I’ve missed you too,” he whispered. “I hope you will let me stay here tonight. I’ll make other arrangements tomorrow, but I’ve been driving since early morning and I’m...”
Still sore, he dressed slowly and walked around the deserted house. He’d hoped for a note, but he knew Cas wouldn’t... probably couldn’t.
"No, not at all." He inwardly cringed at Gabriel's expression. He was never good at lying.
“I have to work on the bookkeeping. I’ll be in my home office if you need anything.” He heard the lively music of some popular cooking show as he entered the small room where he kept the farm’s books. Sitting down at his desk, he opened his laptop, but his mind wasn’t on numbers. It strayed to the man currently relaxing in his living room. It was only the first day. Dean was an enigma. He came across as a homophobe with Benny but worked to make sure children of this country had food to eat. Frowning, Castiel pulled up his accounting program and pushed thoughts of Dean Winchester out of his mind. He only had to get through six more days.
“Fuck no, that isn’t what I’m saying. I’d still love to have her in my life, but I would never try to take her away from Cas. He’s been there from the start. Anna wanted him to raise her. I owe her that much.” Shit, he hadn’t even remembered her name, damn right, he owed her something.
“What makes you think I have a plan?” She asked innocently. Chuck lifted his eyes to the ceiling as if to wait for the lightening to strike her.
“He made a crude joke.”
Castiel exhaled and shrugged. “No. I have had encounters with sharks and barracuda, even a nasty moray eel, but the beauty of the ocean far outweighs any fear. Have you ever been diving?”
“No... no, that was very kind of you. Thank you.”
Castiel eased her onto the floor and watched her make her way to the basket of toys in the corner of the living room. He turned the phone so he was able to see Dean. “I’m looking forward to this weekend.”
“So, what now, Novak?” Benny asked for all of them.
Dean understood everyone's apparent shock. Dean hated to travel. He would not fly anywhere if it was humanly possible to get there by car. Charlie and Benny always did the segments away from the studio unless they were in the New York area. "Very funny, Benny.  I just," Dean tried to think of a plausible explanation, "need to get away for a day or two. Stress...you know?"
“This is a diabolical plan,” Chuck said, brushing his hand through her hair.
“Shit,” she muttered. “Well, you can overpower him, right?”
“Don’t leave.” Dean met his eyes. “Don’t fucking leave me, Cas.”
This night was no different. He stopped the truck in front of a grocery store. “This place has a good deli. Their fried chicken is awesome.”
“Their quality is the best around.” Dean stretched out and rested his feet on the desk.
“You shut up,” Dean told his brother. “And you...” He pointed to Castiel. “...are not the boss of me.”
The area where the dogs went missing was not wooded and several nice homes populated the shore. A few had swing sets and most were fenced. As they rode up and back down the slough, Sam asked Castiel questions. The afternoon wore on and Castiel found nothing else to indicate the alligator’s presence in the vicinity. With one more glance at a children’s playhouse, Castiel settled in for the ride back to the boat ramp.
“Oh, is Mandy coming in to help today?”
Henrique was grilling something over the fire and it smelled amazing. Dean followed his nose. “Hey, what’s for breakfast?”
"That doesn't mean you can't let loose. She won't have to know. I ain't a snitch and you know it." Gabe winked before grabbing Castiel by the hand and swinging his taller younger brother around, hand firmly on Castiel's hip as he forced his brother to dance with him to some music that wasn't what was playing. "I'm meeting Kali at the bar later. Lots of alligators will be there and while you dunno how to swing and ain't a fan of jazz that doesn't mean you can't snag some honey for yourself."
"Thank you Lucifer. But really, they are all enough behind us you needn't be so formal." Michael gave the Knight beside him a small smile
Dean immediately rubbed the lipstick off the back of his hand and shifted slightly.
The Alpha held his chin up high, trying to keep the dignified, put together look of a future King.
"I guess it finally sunk in. It's hard to believe that my brother is dead." He shrugged as his spoke, but more tears threatened to spill
"Alright Boys, everyone is getting restless, these demons want to bury their mutilated Queen, and I'm sure Crowley wants his throne and people here want medical attention." Rowena cut in, a deep frown on her face, waving a hand to Dean, Lucifer, and bystanders.
Surely no one working for Eve of Purgatory, they had just helped her kingdom out of a war with Hell.
"I get it. Kids can be a pain. You boys certainly were when me an yer aunt watched ya." Bobby muttered from under his hat, Ben on his lap coloring on some semi important looking paper "Where is Emma? You lose my other grand baby?"
His eyes stayed straight ahead as all kinds of people watched him, the smell of so many people and their false smelling perfumes made his eyes water, his nose itch. The prince hated it.
Dean swallowed back anger at what Chuck had just implied
"Oh quit the Switzerland act, brother. I know you agree with Lucifer. But I still think it's wrong." Castiel sighed, downing his whiskey and lighting a cigarette. "We don't know squat about this place and yet here you are taking on garage after garage simply for the joy of driving a car?"
Dean was overcome with emotion, without thinking anymore on it he fumbled with the tiny latch, putting the weight of the glass encased feather around his neck, and tucking the necklace out of sight in his shirt
This was chaos and he could do nothing but obey and hope that Michael forgives him.
Especially with his baby brother beside him, it felt right.
"Hush now. I know."
"You are unfit to be King brother, you are to soft to rule."
/Alpha/
The other Archangel may not have been the best brother in the last few years, but he had been family. They grew up together. Gabriel remembered all the fun they had as kids, how they terrorized the cooks, dyed the horses blue, snuck out to village parties when they were young teens, Learned and trained together.
Dean didn’t wait for Max. He stomped off and Castiel winced. Perhaps he shouldn’t have pulled that prank on Dean. Balthazar was right, Castiel wasn’t usually mean. He bit his lip, his eyes were on the herd, but his mind was telling him he owed Dean an apology. “Perhaps he’d like a pie, huh, girls?”
“Yeah, I guess. Thanks,” he mumbled, his eyes down. “Let’s eat.” He turned and yelled out into the hallway for John to come to dinner and the little boy appeared instantly. Dean brought out two plates heaped high with pasta and red sauce, sitting one in front of Cas and one at his own place. He went back into the kitchen and came back with John’s smaller portion and a platter of the garlic bread. The salad was last. Castiel inhaled the aroma of a home cooked meal
Back at the station, he filled out the proper forms and put the sample into an envelope. Linda would mail it to the state forensic lab over in Montgomery for an analysis. They’d send him the name of the color and a list of distributors in the area. Using latex gloves, he examined the ladder. It was all coaxial cable that anyone could buy at one of the big-box hardware stores. He could probably get some fingerprints, but unless the kid had a record, it wouldn’t do him any good. He’d go over to the high school after lunch and see if he could locate
“See you there at noon.” Dean glanced at the time on his phone. He had an hour.
“What do you want me to do first?”
Dean shrugged. “Had to wash the kitchen smells off of me.” He stood and held out his hand. “Come on, it’s bed time.”
“I must agree with you,” Castiel said. “I find the thought of them disgusting.”
“Yes, of course. I hope you have a good time. I gave Claire spending money, so please don’t let her con you into thinking she is penniless and neglected.”
“Cas?” Dean’s voice came from the showroom. Castiel smiled and put down the rag he was using to clean the anniversary clock he’d picked up at an estate sale in Baton Rouge.
“Fine. See you later, man.” Dean hung up and got into the car. He rubbed his hand over the wheel lovingly. “Guess it’s just you and me, old girl.”
“Why Calliope?” There was a story here and he wanted to know it.
“Keep your shirt on, boy. Castiel will explain everything once Sam and Eileen get here.”
“Lettie and Patty will probably have their babies today. I checked them before I turned them out this morning. Both have a discharge, and they were restless.”
“You seem to be making friends.” Jack’s voice from behind him made Castiel turn.
“Your witness was telling the truth. I was minding my own business...” The other man raised his hand and Castiel stopped talking.
They poured freely down his cheeks, chest aching, he could barely breath, if it hurt this bad, and had hurt this badly for weeks, how badly would it hurt once Dean and Michael were actually officially married?
"I'm going to get the drinks myself." He sauntered off and stopped at Lucifer's table.
Gabriel cleared his throat before smiling and hugging Lucifer.
"T boned by a semi. Not an experience I'd recommend." Clearing his throat, still feeling uncomfortable under an almost inhumanly intense blue gaze Dean shifted his weight again
"How did the hunt go?" Castiel asked looking between the boys concerned. Both seemed a little beat up, but nothing to serious. The trenchcoat angel reached up, planting two fingers on Sam's head, his scrapes and bruises healing with a glitter of grace
Then Castiel claimed he wasn't and it made the Omega want to sob. What had happened to him, he knew that wasn't his fault, what made hin feel disloyal to the man he was to marry was because his heart belonged to someone else and it hurt.
"Yeah Dean. It's obvious you're nesting. But it's a normal reaction to Omega's that have been subjected to traumatic experiences..."
Dean knew he had to do this for his kingdom.
Dean knew he was still practically a child! He had only been 18 for two months! And he was going to marry someone almost 30!?
They are to be seen.
Then Benny went to mount a horse of his own and Michael looked at him
Michael's mind came to a screeching halt. He swore his heart skipped a beat, his breathing stopped, to put it simply the Crowned Prince stopped working momentarily
Meanwhile Sam stayed with Gabriel late into the night, they didn't talk about much, Sam was simply company. Which the young Prince didn't mind at all, he enjoyed Gabriel's company. Even if Gabriel didn't know it.
"See ya later dollface," he smirked
Castiel blinked as he realised he probably look scary to the small boy with his wings so puffed out. Lowering and folding them in Castiel crouched back down and sat on the ground
"But I like the scent of chocolate and fresh grass." Sam said with a serious face that only made Gabriel's wings flex as he stared into the other Prince's eyes
Sam frowned and looked down a little before shrugging.
"You were angry. Hurt. She made you feel powerless and tried to take everything from you. She had wrongfully taken her throne and tried to wrongfully take you. It was self defense."
Lucifer nodded.
Michael was quiet a moment before simply nodding with a small
"Dean and I have talked about this. He is fine to accept his fate and aide the peace and prosperity of not his own but two kingdoms. He will be treated fairly and well or it's war. So is the conditions of the treaty."
"What happened to his hand? It wasn't bandaged like that when I spoke to him this morning." The Archangel whispered to Charlie, his pure white wings shifted before settling behind his back again
"This could be a good thing, or a very, /very/ bad thing. Lucifer is dangerous and unpredictable."
"So, are you native to Heaven?" He asked trying to simply make friendly small talk
Sam felt the body underneath him stiffen and a muffled whimper escape the other person's throat.
"Thank you." He turned to leave, pausing with his hand hovering over the doorknob "You won't... You won't tell Michael what I did will you?"
"Listen my Prince. You will be a wonderful King, an amazing husband, and an extraordinary father. You needn't worry yourself over this nonsense. While yes it's all arranged, perhaps the two of you will learn to love eachother. After all, your father and the previous Queen fell in love. It isn't uncommon."
Dean's green gaze narrowed as he looked at Michael, the Archangel simply jerked his head towards the woods, clear invitation.
"I know what you mean. I honestly never knew my mother. But I hear Dean talking to her sometimes before he moved here." Sam spoked softly as if anything over a whisper would shatter the very air they breathed. This moment seemed personal for the both of them and Sam dared not ruin it
"Like... Like what?"
It did not take long for Castiel to find Lucifer. The Archangel was outside, arms crossed over his armored chest as he watched an official looking carriage leave down the road and off into the countryside
John sat back down and looked at Dean with a sigh.
A few humans mingled into the mix, even a few werewolves or vampires mixed in.
Upon pulling into Kelly's drive he hopped out, took three calming breaths to exhale the rest of the anger in his belly before striding up her walk.
The smile finally tugged away at the corners of Castiel's lips. The once Angel gave Dean a gummy smile and leaned down to kiss the hunter's nose
No matter what Dean did, or how Dean acted, he was still an Omega. They were still treated like shit, and he was still vulnerable.
As soon as Gabe latched onto the Hannah topic Cas' smile faded slightly. She was great, an absolute beauty. But she was so... boring and shallow. Castiel loved poetry and philosophy, so having a woman by his side who only cared about her manicure and her dresses was a true nightmare. "She's great, Gabriel. You'll come to like her, I'm sure." Cas replied briefly.
Lucifer gave Michael a small nod, and Michael was sure he saw something like a flicker of guilt in the blonde's eyes, but dismissed it as Chuck stood to speak
Crying.
"Well ok... But just Dean is fine." He paused as they walked "Unless you'll get in trouble... I'm not familiar with Angel customs... I've only read a little on them... Enough to know their private creatures and very traditional. They keep their customs to themselves and you don't wanna start a war with them." Dean frowned just thinking about how stupid he most likely was for not knowing much about the type of people he would be marrying.
Dean nodded and simply looked over the water.
He had to be untouchable and unwatchable. Invincible or things could go south and end with the blood of his children on his hands.
Sam of course was hesitant, unsure how to take such an intimate gesture from his friend and older Alpha, but sure enough the boys nose buried into the Archangels neck. He inhaled deeply as his arms wrapped tightly around Gabriel.
They never talked about their sexual orientations. Other than the initial ‘You married? No, neither am I’, their conversations revolved around other subjects. Cas had observed Dean flirting with one of the nurses – a female nurse – so Cas had assumed his friend was straight. “Gay, straight… whatever… becoming a parent isn’t a split second decision, Cas. I’m just trying…”
He was just turning the key when movement from his left caused him to look up. Dean was walking down the hall, dressed in a low-slung pair of jeans and a tight-fitting t-shirt. When he spotted Castiel, he smiled and then his eyes drifted down.
“She’s growing up, Dean,” Sam said, his tone serious. “She’s not a little girl anymore.”
The next three days, went by slowly. He had a routine. Once Eileen and Sam were out the door, he sat down at the laptop Sam loaned him to map out places to hit on his job search. The grocery stores had turned out to be a bust, and he’d lowered his standards. Next on his list were convenience stores and auto parts stores. Armed with his list of the day, he quickly learned his way around Boston again. So many things had changed. A new bridge changed the skyline and Dean didn’t know whether to love it or hate it. He didn’t like change, but had to admit it was an architectural marvel. After job hunting, he stopped at the same bakery. He wanted to pick up a coffee and a few more Rapture cookies. He didn’t need to deviate from his first order... because
Just a fair warning, this chapter contains graphic description of a human death by alligator.
“Hey, Becky,” Dean said absentmindedly, still not looking up.  He was almost on top of Castiel when he finally saw him. “Cas.” Dean blinked a few times, staring intently as though he wasn’t sure why he was sitting in the makeup room.
“I wanted three. See… dieting.”
“Please, Cas...”
The door opened abruptly and Dean was wearing jeans and a t-shirt, his hair standing in spikes. “I’m going to go grab us a couple of pizzas. She isn’t some vegan, is she?”
Tentative fingers traced his ink. “This?”
He turned to leave her and as he walked away, her words reached him. “And Castiel, get some rest.”
“Long enough,” Dean said, pulling himself up to his full height which was a good couple inches taller than Benny.
“I missed you too, Dean. I was... It hurt to...” Dean took his fingertip and pressed it over Castiel’s lips.
“Special Warfare Operator First Class Sonny Quinn at your service. We’re here to get you home.”
moving behind him toward the bathroom. The door clicked shut and Dean sat down heavily on the bed. There was no mistaking the interest in those baby blues. On one hand, Dean felt energized. Having a hot man think he was worth a second look was great for his sorely tested ego. Since he’d become a full-time dad, his sex life was non-existent. On the other hand, well, his sex life was non-existent for a reason. Audrey. His daughter. His teenage, still impressionable, daughter.
“Fuck you,” he muttered, but his words carried no heat.
“Gotta go, Sam, Cas made pie.” Dean sat across from him and ran a socked foot up his calf. “This looks great, babe.”
“Cas is in town.”
“Yes. This is Officer Castiel Winchester. I have a situation and need to be patched through to Unit 342.” He must have caught Dean’s look of horror, because he pressed the phone to his bare chest and whispered, “I don’t have his number memorized.”
“You can’t keep this from him, Cassie.” He bit down on his lip and rested his hand on Claire’s head. “I know you, brother dear, this would eat you alive. You have to tell him.”
“Just in case you wanted to... you know.”
Dean didn’t have to be told twice. He poked his fork in and broke off a large bite. Castiel stared at Dean’s awestruck expression and wondered if he looked like that when he had an orgasm. He stifled the thought immediately. He
“Stop,” Dean snarled. “Stop right there. Claire is Cas’. Period. I care about him and I think he cares about me, but if for some fucked up reason we break up, I will not try to get custody.”
Today’s ensemble included another pair of jeans, these looked more worn, and an unbuttoned flannel shirt over a plain tee. The jeans accentuated the man’s bowed legs. Castiel’s mind went south for all of five seconds before he reined it in. His own hand had been his bed partner for the last... God, had it really been two years? “Stop it,” he muttered to himself.
Dean did as he was told while noting that Cas was staring blankly at the page. “What you feel for each other is not caused by magic, not Missouri’s magic anyway. You were destined to meet and fall in love. It was written in the prophecy.”
A burst of pride lit his face when he stopped at his store. Novak’s Antique Emporium was embossed in regal gold lettering on the leaded glass door. The two display windows were unilluminated and he couldn’t wait to turn on the beautiful oil lamps he’d found in a farmhouse in Iowa.
“Good... yeah, I’m good.” Cas narrowed his eyes, obviously not believing him, but he didn’t pursue it. He got behind the wheel and pulled out of the driveway.
“And you?” Novak asked, pointing to the girl with the long dark hair.
They drove away and Dean got back into the Impala. He let out a long exhale and put the car in drive. He wound up at Gabe’s place. The small eatery catered to the kind of crowd Dean used to hate until he met Cas. The artsy people. The kind that read poetry or painted pictures in the park. Not like the bars he’d frequented with his buddies.
“Are those like... Galapagos Tortoises?”
Dean finally looked down at his phone and rolled his thumb across the screen before putting it in his pocket. “You ready for today?”
Daily, he’d take out Cas’ phone and look at the pictures of himself and try to see what Cas saw. Once, in a pit of despair, he sent Cas a text and when his damn phone pinged, he imagined for a second that Cas could read the words,
He’d asked his silent question and Cas had understood, spreading his legs in submission. Dean didn’t care one way or another. He was more of a top than a bottom, but he’d been taken before and had enjoyed it. One rowdy, drunken night with two dancers from a Broadway play, he’d been pegged. It was an experience he remembered fondly.  He’d loved watching the two women together, feeling their mouths on him, eating their sweet pussies, but now, as he gazed down at Cas, all he wanted was to bury himself into the man.
read the bios,” Charlie said as she patted his arm condescendingly.
“Mr. Novak, the car is waiting.” The PA glanced apologetically at the chef.
He shrugged. “Never found the right person. School came first, and then...” Castiel paused, afraid to open this conversation. He shouldn’t be. Dean wasn’t a homophobe. He had visual proof of that. “I dated a few men that I thought might be... the one, but...” He smiled ruefully. “I’m not a very exciting partner.”
“Need...” Dean panted, but couldn’t concentrate on words. Thankfully, Cas had always known what he needed and time hadn’t erased that knowledge.
He held up his fist and Benny stopped the boat. Castiel stood up and gazed out over the pond. He didn’t see her, but he felt her presence. She was there waiting. They were well over the pond now. Castiel could tell by the way the color of the water deepened. He leaned over the stern and used his pen to puncture the bag. The coppery scent of blood filled his nostrils and it began to flow into the water.
.” He pushed her back, noting her clinched fists by her side. He sighed heavily and met her eyes. “Billie, this was never meant to be,” he said softly, all anger draining from him.
If she found his choice of words strange, she didn’t let on. With one of her patented nods, she led the way.
“Of course not. I’m not like you, Gabriel.” A few months ago, he’d walked into the office without knocking, because he never knocked, and found his brother and Ruby on the desk, half naked. It was more of his brother’s ass than he ever wanted to see.
“I’m interested in all animals, but insects are my passion.”
“Gross.” Cas tilted his head, arched a brow, and knocked. “Here goes nothing,” Dean mumbled as the door opened.
“I’ll set my alarm tomorrow then,” Max replied, camera still held to his eye.
It didn’t take Castiel long to get back on a schedule. Up with Claire, breakfast, playgroup, work, home by seven-thirty, bath, bedtime, and a book or occasional documentary. Gabriel asked a lot of questions the day after he returned from New York, but now he caught him looking across the kitchen at him, pity in his eyes.
“No need to apologize. You’ll hear worse once we are in the jungle. Benny has a mouth like a sailor.” There it was again, that sexy as fuck smile. “When did your wife die?”
"Wow. I'm sorry. I seem to be saying that a lot around you." Dean looked down at the sidewalk. If Castiel didn't know any better, he'd swear Dean was blushing. Silly thought, since there probably wasn't a shy bone in that beautiful body.
“You’ve had guest hosts before,” Cas said logically.
The other man turned toward him and lowered his phone. "Cas."
“I’m not familiar with New York. You can decide and I’m sure I’ll be fine with your choice,” Castiel answered.
No, he didn’t get to do this. Anger coiled in his stomach like a snake. He banged open the door and barged in. Dean was sitting on the edge of the bed, head hung, hands dug into his scalp. He started at the sound and leapt to his feet. He’d thought to put on boxers before coming to find Cas. Cas hadn’t been as wise and he felt exposed. It wasn’t ideal for this conversation, but to hell with it.
“My grandmother left me a large home in Cambridge. It has five bedrooms. I don’t have a use for that many.”
“Mr. Novak, your car is downstairs.”
“Cas? Is everything okay?” Benny sounded genuinely concerned and Dean felt even worse. This wasn’t going to end well.
“Ketch.” Castiel went to the door and looked out the peephole. He opened the door and the other agent strode in like he owned the place. “I need your keys.
a gas hog, but it was my father’s, so I’m quite attached to it.”
adventure according to his daughter. Eight teens were chosen to go on this bug finding expedition to Brazil, led by some famous bug guy named Professor Novak. His kid was gaga over the dude and was stoked she’d been in several of his classes at the university.
As he drove them back to the farm, he glanced over at Dean in the passenger seat of his truck. Max was in the backseat typing on his phone. The man was infuriating, but pretty to look at. He really should think about getting out into the dating pool again. With Claire at collage and Jack doing what teenage boys did, Castiel had his evenings free during the week. Perhaps he could try an online service. He’d ask Claire to help him this weekend. Satisfied that he was moving forward with his life, he hummed along with the classical station.
After a fitful night, he got up and went about his usual routine. His bag for Atlanta was already packed and waiting at the foot of his bed. Beside it was a gift bag from Macy’s. He’d dropped by after filming on Tuesday and went a little crazy getting some stuff for Claire. Determined, he picked up the bags and stowed them in the SUV when Ash slid to a stop in front of his building.
There is some German dialect in this chapter. The translations are in the notes at the end of the chapter.
“My car
The slight movement of Dean’s eyes told him he was ready for whatever Castiel had planned. There was no plan though. He was holding a knife to Dean’s throat. The minute flex of Akhtar’s wrist showed his intension and Castiel prayed Dean would react in time. He squeezed the trigger. The bullet entered the man’s forehead just as Dean twisted away. Blood and gore splattered over Dean’s face and chest. Dean pushed the body away as it fell to the ground. Castiel lowered his weapon, his hands beginning to shake. “Dean.”
The big Cajun began to laugh. The kind of laugh that makes you bend over and slap your thighs. “Yak it up, dude,” Dean muttered. He went to cross his arms and Cas yelped as his arm was pulled upward.
“And ask him about that tooth you chipped two weeks ago.”
Castiel was confident that he could do that. Ten minutes later, Frank was picking bits of shell out of the bowl and frowning.
? That was a reach.
Dean glared across the communal table at his friend and co-activist. Charlie blinked back at him innocently. “It’ll bring awareness to the SNAP program, Dean,” she said, somehow knowing she had him by the short hairs.
“And your family? How did they feel?”
The SUV stopped and Ash turned in his seat. “We’re at your hotel, Mr. Novak.” Castiel glanced out of the window to see his hotel just before reaching to open his door, but Ash was already there.
Dean was mesmerized by Cas’ eyes. And God damn, the man was eager. Cas had said he didn’t date, not since he was stuck with fatherhood. Dean needed the instant gratification from sex. What would it be like to go without? To put a child before your own needs?
Cas looked like a deer in the headlights. “Dean, please, we need to talk, but now isn’t the time.” It suddenly dawned on Dean that the milling crowds were gone and a silence had settled around them. He allowed Cas to lead him to their seats, but his mind was reeling. A spell? What had Missouri done?
A few minutes later, they were getting into the SUV. “Take me to the studio and then take Cas to his hotel. Wait for him to pack and then you can drop him at the airport.”
“Unless you’re Frank,” Castiel repeated with a laugh.
“I know, but I need to stand on my own two feet. Ya know?”
“Target is still a couple of miles away, Cas.”
Dean grinned, the corners of his eyes crinkling beautifully. “You flirting with me, Cas?”
“You shouldn’t call your baby daddy names,” Cas said, already stuffing his mouth with the salty goodness.
Castiel looked down at his suit. It wasn’t what he’d planned to wear, but he didn’t have time to change now. “Meg promised to lock up and meet us there.”
Calliope was asleep in her swing and Cas got lost in the hypnotizing back and forth motion for a moment.
Cas was still holding his suitcase and the diaper bag, having left the carseat in the SUV. “Dean...”
“Fuck him,” Gabriel said, finally settling Stevie into her rack. He rubbed her nose and gave her a bite of apple before moving on to the next cow in line.
He'd already been cleared and processed out of the system. Sam was waiting for him just outside the main gate. He was a free man. A free man with no home, no job, and no income.
Taking a deep breath, Dean stepped between the two and held up his hands. “Hold up, both of you.”
He had to talk to Bobby... and Sam. The man who’d become their adoptive father would know what was going on, wouldn’t he? While he wasn’t a witch, Bobby was an expert on all things supernatural. He’d served with John in the Marines. Bobby was the one who told Dean not to draw attention to himself and he agreed that Dean shouldn’t ever use his magic. Never. But tonight, he did. He’d felt it surging through his veins as the anger rolled over him.
He gripped his husband’s hand and pulled him outside. “We’ve gotta call Sammy... and Ellen... and..."
Bile rose in his throat. He skimmed over the next few pages. There was no mention of Dean until August.
The next morning, he dressed in his cargo pants, a khaki shirt, and his waterproof hiking boots. He had waders in his equipment case in the event he needed them. With a final look over his inventory, he wheeled the case down the hall. He was waiting by the front door of the hotel five minutes early. God, he needed his caffeine fix. He thought about grabbing a cup of coffee and the takeaway breakfast offered in the lobby, but he didn’t have time.
Dean kept his eyes trained on the approaching monster, belting out orders. “Garth, get her in the boat, Benny, Jo, untie the God damn boat.” He knew they were sitting ducks.
“Do we have enough duct tape for you to wrap their gifts.”
He walked across the yard and onto the gravel pathway. “Mildred said you already ate but could probably use another cup of coffee.” He held out one of the stainless steel travel mugs he used on a daily basis.
“Say goodbye. You fly out tonight.” Victor mumbled and lifted his phone to his ear.
“Public schools and underprivileged families can’t afford organic food.” Dean knew it didn’t matter. People like Cas didn’t care about public schools. Hell, he bet his kids went to fancy ass private schools.
The redhead bulldozed her way between them, facing Dean. She took his hand and pumped it a couple of times. “Charlie Bradbury, and this is my fiancée, Gilda. I cannot thank you enough. You were so like a Jedi Warrior. It was badass.”
Thankfully, she stayed in the front of the bakery most of the morning. At noon, Dean took his lunch box outside to eat. He brought up Craigslist on his phone and began looking for places to rent. It was discouraging. The rent was much higher than it used to be. With what he was making at the bakery, he could barely afford a one bedroom, and that was without utilities and food. He was brought out of his depressed musings by Cas taking the seat across from him. “What has you looking so down?”
“Since Max here will be tagging along, he can sleep in the loft,” Gabriel said, pointing up. We have a bunkroom of sorts up there.”
. We have you.”
“You knew you were gay when you were that young?”
He walked back to the living room and surveyed the scene. “You said music was playing? Who turned it off?”
She leaned forward and whispered, “They are in the kitchen. Have you arrested that alien yet?”
“That’s cool,” Cesar said. Dean knew he’d be working more than his twelve-hour shift until he learned how things worked. At Trés Bon, he began prepping for lunch at nine and got out around two in the morning. Long hours doing what he loved didn’t bother him.
After a lunch of grilled cheese and fresh tomato bisque, Sam took Dean to get his driver’s license, and then they went to Sam’s Club to buy tires. While there, Sam had to look up and down each aisle and they came home with enough toilet paper to wipe the butts of every Red Sox fan on any given day.
“Yes?” Dean asked in a normal tone. Castiel nodded and he felt Dean take his hand. He felt the cool metal slide over his knuckle and settle where it was supposed to be. “You okay?” Dean asked, looking worried, his smile seemed forced now.
him. And for that, Dean wouldn’t let him down.
“No shit. That’s awesome.”
. He walked to the bookcases and was surprised to see not only Vonnegut, but King, Koontz, L’Amour, and even the complete Harry Potter series. He knew Dean was well-read, but his choices of reading material mirrored his own.
Sam slid a legal pad and pen in front of Dean and the family got down to the business of party planning.
The kitchen door banged open and Gabe came through. “Hey, Ute, will you put the Collins family on the books for tonight? Party of six.”
Castiel rolled his tired shoulders and shut down his computer. Tomorrow would be a busy day and he was usually up by sunrise. Yawning, he turned out the lights and walked down the graveled path between the raised beds toward the house. The mild evening breeze sent the aroma of herbs and loamy soil to his nose. He inhaled. He never tired of it.
“Dad... it’s Dean... I need to report...” He couldn’t find the words. A gentle hand took the phone.
The breakfast service went off without any issues and Dean said his goodbyes to the day shift, promising he’d be back in a few hours. His route took him by the gym where he spotted Jesse and Cesar inside. He paused and watched them. They were a      good couple. Cesar was always singing Jesse’s praises and when Jesse did come into the kitchen, they couldn't keep their eyes off each other.
“Deal. Tell me, why did you decide to chaperone? I’ve never had a parent on one of these before, though this is the first time I’ve taken high school kids.”
“He said you’re in charge,” she answered.
“Traitor,” Dean said, glaring at her, but she smiled sweetly.
The phone proved to be problematic. It required a four-digit code. Dean tried the obvious. One, two, three, four.
“A little dirt never hurt anyone,” Dean said with a grin. A grin that did something to Castiel’s stomach. Something that had nothing to do with the greasy meal.
For those that wanted my grandmother's (and Mildred's) recipe for chicken and dumplings, go to my palominopup FB page. I posted it today.
“Singer assured me he was not using it.”
Castiel’s hands were shaking as he fumbled in the bedside drawer for what he needed. When he looked back up, Dean was on his hands and knees. God, he was beautiful. Castiel tossed the condom aside and got behind Dean. He ran his hand up and down Dean’s spine. “Dean... I...” He was everything Castiel ever wanted. He felt his cock throbbing between his legs with each beat of his heart.
“Great. Max will be riding along doing video shorts and photos. He will give me a report daily and I’ll put together the article.”
After he jumped down from the chopper and was on the deck, he took a deep breath. He was safe. Or as safe as he could be on a steel island in the middle of the ocean with sharks swimming below ready to eat anyone that fell over the side. He peered down into the greenish blue water just to make sure but saw nothing but waves.
“Benny and his wife were here last night. He mentioned it.” At Dean’s scowl, she added, “He wasn’t giving away national secrets, Dean. It was just conversation.” She continued to watch him and he was bound and determined not to talk about it. He made to rise and she pressed his shoulder down, so he couldn’t stand. “You want to see him, don’t you?”
“Genital herpes?” Dean laughed. “Bet her parents loved that.” Madge and Edward Carrigan were part of the small town’s rich set. They all attended the Baptist Church and the men golfed at the Robert Trent Jones Golf Course in Opelika. The church ladies gathered to judge those less fortunate of tea and cookies.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The best in Kansas,” Cas replied. “I need to go to the funeral home. You can stay here if you want.”
“Cas, this is Ellen. She’s my GM.” Castiel, ever the gentleman, stood up and shook Ellen’s outstretched hand.
“Not a problem,
Garth’s grin split his face. He fist-bumped Dean and walked back to the kitchen. Castiel pushed the plate toward the center of the table.  “Help me eat this.”
Dean called each person up to the cart one at a time to reveal their dish and tell the hosts about it. The three hosts were to taste it and give the contestant a score.
“I’ll make it up to you,” Cas soothed. “Would a blowjob suffice?”
“Shhh, calm down and take a deep breath. Is your dad okay?”
“Yeah, well you might not even have a dick by then. Some alligator might bite it off.” As comebacks went, Castiel expected better. Apparently, Winchester did too, because he looked flushed and pouty. He shouldn’t look so fucking cute.
“Yes. Dean Winchester, Boy Wonder. Must think I’m his lackey.” The English accent was laced with sarcasm. He practically shoved a folded piece of paper at Castiel.
“Bite me,” Dean responded and pulled his shirt over his head. “Don’t you have a wife to call or something?”
Dean pulled up one minute early. Castiel was unsure of the reception he’d receive after Saturday’s debacle, so he smiled and said, “Good morning, Dean.” You can’t go wrong with a nice salutation.
Chuck Novak was the youngest of three brothers. While Zachariah and Luke threw themselves into the family business, Chuck wrote books. He didn’t care that the Novak legacy turned into one of the biggest commercial farming empires in the country. He was lost in his own world until he met and married his beloved Becky. She gave him three sons and then when Castiel was just an infant, died of a brain aneurism.
“Now, about that murder...”
“Shuddup,” Dean mumbled. It was time to change the subject. “Favorite food?”
“Good God, no. What’s wrong with Cas?”
“Why my day off?” Dean looked at him blankly.
Eileen came into the kitchen, dressed in nice slacks and a pretty blouse. She kissed Sam and waved at Dean. “See you tonight, boys. Try to behave.” Sam signed something to her and she nodded.
“You’ve got the skillet too hot, you old bastard.”
The two of them continued to text and call, but their conversations were a bit stilted. Cas had tried to talk to Dean about his guest appearances, but Dean always changed the subject. Balthazar told him that the signed contract had arrived and even though Dean expected it, it still made his stomach hurt. When he was alone, he liked to think his feelings were logical. He didn’t want Cas on the show because he didn’t think Cas was comfortable in front of the camera. He wouldn’t let himself dwell on the fact that he’d wished his feelings would just disappear after a while. Sure, they talked daily, but Dean knew eventually Cas would get bored and the calls would stop. It might hurt less if they just drifted apart. “What am I even thinking? We aren’t even together. Jesus Christ,” Dean muttered to his image in the bathroom mirror. He was talking to himself now.
“I have a date.”
He did a few calculations in his head and settled on two loaves of white bread, some off brand of peanut butter, and some grape jelly. That would be lunch for several days. He found potato chips and tossed in two large bags. They weren’t Lays, but they were cheap. He picked up three cans of chicken, a bag of pasta, and a can of cream of chicken soup. Instant casserole.
He forced himself to open his eyes to watch. Dean’s own were closed and Castiel focused on the way his eyelashes swept his freckled cheeks. “Dean,” he murmured.
He backed up a step. “Thank you, Miss Sands.” He touched the brim of his hat and hurried down the weed-ridden walkway. Driving to the station, he realized he had jack shit.
Another finger joined the first and Cas let his teeth scrape the sensitive nub at the same time. Dean cried out with sensory overload. He felt like he could come from Cas’ fingers alone. He loved the stretch... relished the burn. He managed to say, “More”. Cas’ mouth disappeared from his nipple, the slight chill in the air making him shiver. Then his hole was left empty and wanting.
The vehicle stopped, and Ash opened his door. “I’ll see you later, Cas,” said Dean, smiling up at him from inside the SUV.
As they unloaded their equipment, Sam pulled Castiel aside. “I can’t report any of this until we have some sort of sighting. I know that you’re worried about this thing attacking people, but I will need proof. The last thing we need is panic or worse yet, a bunch of gun-toting rednecks shooting anything that moves.
Benny chuckled. “Did I miss something?”
“Shut up, Charlie. Don’t you have someone to harass besides me?”
“This is my friend’s brewery. Benny plans on opening up a tap room here in a few more weeks. Meantime, he lets friends and family taste his experiments.”
She shook her head. “Mom said that I couldn’t study entomology. She said I had to pick something that would pay the bills.”
He crossed the Longfellow Bridge and headed east on Broadway. Cas’ house was on Traill Street. As he turned into the neighborhood, Dean slowed the car to a stop. The homes were all stately and historic. Old money lived here. Dean began having second and third thoughts. How would an ex-con, even an innocent one, fit in around here? Then he saw it. The house was Victorian with lots of detail. A short, wrought iron fence surrounding the beautifully landscaped yard. It was three stories tall with intricate gingerbread embellishments. Dean stared at it for a full minute and then shook his head. Without a backward glance, he turned around and headed back to Sam’s.
I shall pass on, but my work will go on. Dean must take his rightful place on the Council in my stead. He shall cast the vote to end the barbaric law of non-association. Love will prevail.
“That too.”
Everyone seemed to be talking at once, everyone but Castiel. He observed his son. Jack was smiling at Claire and the two of them were whispering. Charlie and Gilda were also talking too soft for him to overhear, but Dean was shaking his head at whatever they were saying, his eyes straying to Castiel and then away quickly.
phone.
“Let me guess. Roll Tide or War Eagle?” Dean had lived in Alabama long enough to know you had to pick sides. You were either an Alabama fan or an Auburn fan. It didn’t matter if his team was in the Big 12 Conference.
“You have me.” Cas stood and closed the distance between them. “You’ve always had me.” He took Dean’s hand and brought it to his chest. “In here.”
“Dean, you’re not. This… this thing between us…”
“Maybe he will. Maybe he won’t. You’ve come to know him. What do you think?” What did he think? Up until yesterday, he’d thought that Dean and he had a chance at something. He’d thought that he could give his heart to Dean and Dean would cherish it. God, he’d even thought that Dean would grow to love Claire too. Gabriel was right. If he chose to keep this from Dean, it would be wrong and Castiel wouldn’t be able to live with himself.
“No... no. He would take her. She’s mine, Gabriel. Mine. Anna wanted me to raise her. That, of all things, should tell you that Dean can’t know.” Eyes filled with pity stared back at him. “He’ll take her,” he murmured, words barely audible. He held Claire tighter, breathing in the scent of the shampoo he’d bought from the farmer’s market.
Sunday was Dean’s one day off. He woke late, stretched, and shuffled out to the kitchen to start some coffee. He’d have a cup and then meet Sam down at their favorite place in the French Quarter to share some lunch.
Surprised he didn’t get an argument, Dean gave the man a grin and pushed the throttle forward. The roar of the engine was loud on the quiet lake and the boat seemed to fly over the surface. Novak proved he wasn’t a novice by leaning forward and bending his knees with every bounce. Spray hit Dean’s face and he glanced over to see Novak staring at him, his expression unreadable. He shouted to be heard over the motor. “What?”
Dean had just taken a sip of his beer and he almost spewed it across the bar. He choked as he tried to swallow. Cas was looking at him with concern. “Are you alright?”
“Guinea pig? I’m not sure I want...” Dean popped the spoon into his mouth, and he moaned around it. Dean’s eyes widened at the pornographic sound.
“He wants to be an artist?”
“Yeah, well you got the brains in the family.”
“Dean, you didn’t have to cause extra work for anyone. A Coke would have been fine.”
Dean took his eye off the busy road for a second to glance over at Cas. He was sitting stiffly in the passenger seat, hands folded in his lap. He wasn’t looking at Dean. Before Dean could form a response, Cas spoke again. “Is it because you are proprietary about Spice of Life? If so, I can understand and let me assure you that I have no designs on becoming a regular host. I accepted the position for some extra money. Raising a child is expensive and Gabriel’s restaurant is going places, but it's not near the same caliber as Winchester’s. If you do feel strongly about it, my attorney assured me there was a clause that would allow me to change my mind without penalty within the first sixty days.”
Cas’ hole was relaxed from his tongue and the first finger slipped in easily. Dean moved slowly, taking his time, in and out. He watched Cas’ face. There it was, that tiny gasp of pleasure when Dean found the right spot. Soon, Cas was rocking back on his finger and Dean rubbed his thumb over the rim a few times before adding another finger. Dean could feel his precum, slick on his cock… his belly… his thighs…  His bush was wet with it. When was the last time he was this turned on? He focused on his fingers, and the feel of the smooth walls of Cas’ body.
“And now, you’re lying to me.” He closed his eyes and pictured Dean running his fingers through his hair. He did that when he was frustrated or pissed.
The apartment door shut and Claire began to wail. He hurried to her and picked her up, holding her close. “I know, Claire. I know. I will miss him terribly, too.” He berated himself for not saying
“God... I’m...” Castiel’s fist tightened, trying to pull Dean off before he exploded. Dean’s grip on his ass tightened and he moved faster. “I’m...” He closed his eyes and cried out as his orgasm racked his body. He fell back against the door to keep himself upright. His hold on Dean’s hair loosened and he felt the cool air on him as Dean let his cock slip from his mouth. His heart thudded in his chest, and he couldn’t seem to catch his breath.
for me.” His father had insisted on it. Dean had goofed off and his grades weren’t that great. Sam was the smart one. He had been valedictorian of his class, got a full ride to Stanford, and got a degree in journalism. Now, he had a spot on the evening news and was a local celebrity. “I was stationed at Camp Zama, Japan for my whole tour. I missed home, so after my four, I got out. My military police training came in handy and I went through the school and,” he shrugged, “I’ve been doing this ever since.”
They drove out of the neighborhood and Sam turned onto Cambridge. When he parked, Dean looked around. “There’s no grocery store here, dude.”
"Definitely. I have a LARP event next weekend and need time to pack my stuff."
He spent Sunday, doing laundry and spending time with Claire. It wasn’t until later that evening that came to the realization that as much as Claire was now his, this condo was not. He was standing at the door of his bedroom with a basket of freshly folded clothes and he saw the room for what seemed like the first time. It was Anna’s bed, Anna’s dresser, even his sister’s artwork on the walls.
“That’s oddly disturbing,” Sam said, scrunching up his nose.
"Huh, sounds interesting." Dean absentmindedly kissed Claire's blonde hair. The act was so natural that Castiel stopped paying attention to what he was doing and sliced his finger on the knife. He hissed in pain. Dean jumped from the stool, concern etched on his face. "What did you do?"
“Dean,” Sam said, his voice raised to break through Dean’s dark thoughts.
“Yeah, doesn’t shit like that cross your mind when you’re diving?”
“Yeah, I lucked out when I found this place. I know New Yorkers get a bad reputation, but my neighbors are great. We grill out together… look out for each other… it’s pretty cool.”
. Castiel nodded and found that he meant it. There would be adjustments for both of them and the fear might rear its ugly head again, but for now, he was fine.
ovens. Dean smiled. He’d love to bake some fresh bread and maybe a few more pies.
“What?” Dean asked, unable to keep the snarl from his voice.
This long-distance thing was going to kill him.
At least, the shopping meccas hadn’t changed much. “Hey, there’s a Dunkin’ Donuts in the food court.”
“Meg.” Dean kept his eyes down, humming noncommittedly. His good mood disappeared.
“Mildred, could you let Mr. Milton answer the question?” Winchester asked, straightening and dropping his hands to his side.
“It’s five. Quitting time. I’m dirty, sweaty, and hungry. We will pick up where we left off tomorrow morning.”
“About what?” Castiel was confused. What could the man want now? Up until then, any communications had been with a PA or a representative of the network.
“Happily single,” Dean replied. Because he was, wasn’t he?
“Will Mr. Cas be my other daddy?”
“Meg. Not really. We divorced right after Jack was born. She moved to Maine. Jack is with her now, visiting for the summer.”
,” the GPS informed him and he checked the number on the mailbox.
Things are drawing to a close, but have no fear, a happy ending is in their future.
As he raised his glass of champagne to the smiling couple, Dean reflected on his life. He was thirty-eight.  The majority of his colleagues were married with children. Sure, he had his own restaurant, a show on network television, fancy digs...but the one-night stands were getting old. He was getting too damn old to go clubbing.
A set of doors swung open and a pair of black horses, led by one of the witches of Missouri’s coven, entered, pulling a small white carriage. Missouri’s body, now wrapped in dark cloth, lie atop it. Following them, came the rest of Missouri’s coven, dressed in red and black hooded robes. They came to a stop in the center of the room. Their new Priestess released her hold on the horses and set candles at each of the Cardinal points. She swept the area with a broom and laid it next to Missouri, then she pulled a sword from the scabbard at her side. Raising it above her head, her voice rang out.
“Grandmama?”
“What do you want me to do, Dean? Do you want me on my knees worshiping your cock with my mouth? Or do you want my hand?” Christ Almighty, Dean would have agreed to anything at that moment. He’d have sold his soul to the devil himself.
“Bet you don’t have any problems finding someone to date.” Was he blushing? Uh, oh.
“C4, detonator, and a timing switch,” Ketch said. “You ever used it before?”
“No,” Dean spat, brushing past his brother. His eyes were drawn to the pile of ashes and he stumbled, dropping Cas’ phone to the ground. An anguished cry made its way past his lips and he hit his knees. Picking up the phone, he carefully brushed off the dirt. He squeezed his eyes shut and felt the grief he’d tamped down overwhelm him again. “I loved you too,” he whispered, praying that wherever angels went when they died, Cas could hear him.
“Garth, come on,” Dean shouted, pulling a stunned Garth toward him. “Get in the boat. Get in the boat.”
“About time, Deputy. I do have other things to do, you know.”
“Winchester, this isn’t over,” Crowley said coldly and turned on his heel and left. Dean didn’t make eye contact with his co-hosts, but he felt Charlie’s hand on his arm as she walked past.
When they were out of airport traffic, Dean took Cas’ hand and kissed his knuckles. “I’m glad you’re here.”
“I will bear that in mind. Now, please be quiet.” Castiel studied the slide and noted that the last passage was from the creature exiting the water. “It should be close. Look in my case and toss me the orange bag.”
Charlie raised her hand and both men turned to her. “I’m going to leave you to introduce the chef and talk food. I’m out, bitches.” She pushed open the doors but turned to Dean before they closed. “If you need anything, just buzz me.”
“Hey, Castiel?”
“Shit, Claire,” Dean muttered. To Castiel, he said, “She’s really a good kid.”
Back on the porch, the three sat with sweating cans of Coke. Frank said nothing new had come up about Lilith, but he had an alert set on his computer to tell him when the medical examiner’s report came in. Castiel still had questions, but those could wait. At noon, Mildred stood and said she was going to make their lunch. She disappeared into his house and Castiel guessed she would be using the supplies they’d brought home from the store. He was lifting his drink to his mouth when the deputy’s car pulled into the driveway. Frank whispered conspiratorially, “I’ll lay odds that your argument with the deceased made you a person of interest.”
“He quit,” Dean said softly, then added, “But he loved his job.”
By eleven, they were all tired and had damp clothing despite their raingear. The two boats rendezvoused back at the marina. They’d found where the had alligator entered the lake, but their search wasn’t fruitful and everyone was discouraged.
“Yes.” Dick and Selma Louise Roman were another couple that were holy rollers. Roman was the town’s only lawyer and Dean thought he was a shyster. His wife was a stay-at-home mom, the type that was always talking nonsense at the PTA meetings about how her Johnny was so perfect and she shouldn’t have to buy paper towels and tissues for less privileged.
Three shots later, Castiel was transfixed by the open collar of Dean’s shirt. Christ, he saw more skin on any given day at the university. “So, how come a nice-looking guy like you isn’t with someone?” Dean asked out of the blue. They’d been watching a show on Food Network about the worst cooks in America. Castiel wasn’t great in the kitchen, but he knew more than those contestants. Castiel looked away from the disaster someone was making of a simple omelet.
. Dean swallowed the spit building in his mouth. He touched Cas’ arm.
“I’ll be checking on the goats, we have a few ready to kid any day now. Then I’m working with Cain in the honey shed. We’ve got to get a shipment ready for the Dupont Circle Market.”
“Oh, okay.” Castiel cut his eyes toward Dean, not knowing why that was important.
More terms:
“Nada. You get the blotter from Rufus yet?” Sam received the previous days calls from the sheriff every weekday morning and from the dispatcher on weekends. In Coosa Falls, the only crime they usually had was an occasional fender bender, petty theft, and a few drunks during football season.
Between the two of them, they hauled Claire, her tote, Dean’s suitcase, and the large Macy’s bag into the elevator and up to their floor. Once inside the apartment, Dean put Claire down and took the other things from Castiel’s hands. Castiel stood frozen while Dean laced his fingers through his and pulled him close. “I think it’s customary to kiss your boyfriend when he flies a thousand miles to see you.”
Max’s smile faltered. “You’re...?”
Christ.
“Yeah?” She asked as the dog danced and yipped around his ankles. The thing looked like a teddy bear that had been fluffed in a clothes dryer. In the woman’s arms was a chubby toddler. The little boy stared at Dean with a solemn expression.
Friday also meant that Castiel would be flying home. He was ready to see Claire again. He missed her so much, but it meant leaving Dean. Would the distance hinder the progress they’d made getting to know each other? To save the good mood that Dean was in, Castiel did not mention it.
“No, but he says he’s a friend of yours.” The girl, Kristi, shrugged. “He’s with a tall dude.”
an expert. I don’t give a fuck about
“Well, Cesar knows when his husband is hitting the water. We talk.”
“Where you drinking to forget or to remember?” The question made Castiel’s mouth go dry and he shook his head. “Why do you think I became a pencil pusher instead of staying an operative?”
“They were on sale.” It was a white lie. Early in their relationship, Dean was hung up on the fact that Cas owned a successful architecture firm and made about four times the money he made. He’d gotten better about it, but still balked when Cas bought anything he considered frivolous, unless it was for the twins.
A special thanks to Angi, Jennifer, and Prenu - You guys rock.
“Probably not,” Cas said dryly. He carefully shifted his body, rolling off, so he was reclining beside Dean, his arm over his head, next to Dean’s.
Ash dropped Dean off at his Manhattan loft apartment. He showered, washing off all the makeup. He usually did that before leaving the studio, but today, he was with Cas. While the water sluiced over his body, he thought of Castiel Novak. He was strange, socially awkward even, but with that voice…the man could read from the phonebook and Dean would be happy…and horny. It didn’t hurt that the man was freakin’ gorgeous. He’d wine him and dine him tonight then invite him back to his place. Yes, he’d seen the way Cas had admired his body when he was changing shirts, even though he’d looked away quickly.  Dean wondered if he tasted as good as he looked. Being in the spotlight, Dean had to be careful who he played with, but Novak didn’t seem like the type to want to run to the tabloids.
Dean grinned, tossed his napkin at Cas, and went back to eating.
Waiting on the ME’s report was driving Dean crazy, but the wheels of justice ran slow. He’d written his report up and had to decide who to interview first. His gut told him the stranger in town wasn’t the perp, but he still needed to dot his I's and cross his T’s. He’d gotten a couple of calls from the ‘helpful’ citizens of the town demanding that he arrest the
“I don’t have a romantic partner, if that’s what you were asking,” Cas finally stated. Dean looked up. Cas was standing by the completed pastry tower.
Her eyes flashed in anger and her body was rigid, but she knew her natural aggression would not work on him. “You no longer desire me?”
As Friday loomed closer, Castiel kept busy packing and arranging for someone to housesit. His testing equipment was already at the office. He’d have to arrange for it to be moved to the landing pad the company used at the Louis Armstrong Airport.
“Dean, please pick up your laundry and put it in the hamper. You were standing right by it, couldn’t you just once put it inside it instead of on the floor.
Gabe looked around to make sure none of his customers were listening and then he leaned in. “How do you think he is, asshole. You broke his heart. And if that wasn’t enough, you show up every so often to stomp on it some more.” At Dean’s wide eyed expression, he smirked. “Yeah, my brother tells me about the booty calls. You breeze into his life and act all sad and he lets you in.” It wasn’t like that. When he had a suck-ass case, he needed Cas to make it alright.
“Why?” Castiel knew better than engage in a stranger about politics, especially someone in the South, but the previous night’s lack of sleep was catching up with him. He was grumpy without enough shuteye.
thought Castiel.
“It’s none of my business.” Dean was grateful for the scoop, click, plop routine of preparing the cookies for baking.
“What is this gossip?” Castiel leaned against the counter so he could be near the coffee. God, he needed it.
“I just wanted you to know that I’m proud that you’re my dad.”
“Don’t argue with me, boy. Call him.” With that, he turned and made his way to the house. Dean had no choice but to follow.
“Ketch. You got what I ordered?”
bothered Castiel for some untold reason.
He unlocked the barn and turned on the overhead lights. Tonight, he’d be preparing a tasting menu for a wedding party. His farm to table meals were only done Thursday to Saturday with a Sunday brunch twice monthly. He sat down at the long, trestle style table with his tablet and was soon lost in planning for the bride and groom.
“I still don’t get why he took that deputy instead of you. By your account, he was watching the house this morning. He probably could have taken you out when you walked by a window. Why risk...”
“Cas, this is Ash. Ash, this is Castiel Novak. We’re going to drop him off at his hotel and then you’ll go back and pick him up around seven. He’ll be dining at Winchester’s tonight.”
“Dean, let it rest. You were always there for me, now it’s my turn.” Only he wasn’t there for Sam, not since that gavel fell and Dean was sentenced to prison.
Single father, Castiel, wasn’t a helicopter parent. Or at least that was what he told himself. But it was Claire’s first sleepover with Emma at her father’s home. Castiel knew Emma’s mother very well, but knew absolutely nothing about her ex, Dean Winchester.
“Brining is the best way to insure a tender and moist turkey,” Castiel said, as he poured the seasoned liquid over the bird.
The alligator began to growl, a deep bass sound. “What’s she doing?” Jo asked from somewhere back in the boat.
“You never could lie worth a damn,” she retorted. She was blocking the door of his office and there was no means of escape.
“Shut up and cook for me,” Castiel said sternly, but Dean saw the twinkle in those gorgeous blue eyes.
“What? Uhm, no. I have tried it. It’s good, but more like frog’s legs than chicken.”
“Hello.”
Her smile was malicious. “Afraid not. Mary was too powerful. She stopped us from using our magic for...” She stopped. “No more interruptions. We just need a little of your blood. Mary’s bloodline.”
Cas smile was forced, but he returned Ash’s greeting and thanked him for waiting. Cas settled into the vehicle as far away from Dean as he could get without riding on the bumper. If Ash noticed the tension, he didn’t let on. At the hotel, Ash jumped out and opened the door. Unfortunately, he opened Dean’s side since it was away from traffic. Dean got out of the SUV and stood out of the way while Cas slid across the seat. To Ash, he said, “Thank you again for the ride, Ash. I will be taking a cab to the studio in the morning, so I won’t be seeing you again. Have a nice day.”
“Does it give head?” He got an eyeroll from Sam and an evil look from an elderly lady walking by. And damned if she wasn’t talking on a
“Get the eggs out of the fridge and break them into a bowl,” Frank said, turning strips of bacon. The kitchen was starting to smell amazing.
Dean burst out laughing. “Yeah, well, the chief assigned you the best game warden in the state, so...” Dean drew out the last word and Castiel smiled.
Dean met the blue eyes across the table and they didn’t waiver from his. He felt like the guy was looking into his soul. Dean was the first to look away. He scanned the restaurant. Several of his employees, including Ellen, were watching their table. Great. Ellen met his eyes and began to make her way over. So much for a quiet ‘get to know you before I bang you’ meal.
“I wasn’t the one to leave the evidence, so don’t take it out on me. It was a mutual decision last I remember,” Cas said coolly.
Dean thought about lying, but shrugged and told the truth instead. “I don’t bring… people here often, so…” Another shrug.
"Cas...you are interesting, and I..."
Castiel nodded blankly. “Yes.”
“You didn’t catch Dean sinking into fantasyland when the guy said his name?  I thought Crowley was going to stroke out.”
“This car seat is one of the safest made. I did my research, Dean.” He’d gotten over his ‘moment’. Claire reached out her arms and Dean pulled her out of the restraints. She clung to him and after a second of jealousy, he made himself calm down and see how easily Dean held her.
Two hours later, he had answered every question and the High Council was satisfied. Madame Tran rose and she skittered around the table on her eight legs, her silk robe flaring behind her. “We have kept you long enough, Castiel. You will join me for a returning warrior’s meal. He stood and followed her. At the door, she stopped and with a soft crackling sound, hid her true self behind the human face. “Will you be joining us?” She asked the panel and all but Nazari, the djinn, declined. The three exited the room where they were met by Billie. Her lip curled and Castiel knew the unanswered questions still angered her. He would deal with her later.
“Love you,” Cas said against Dean’s lips. He closed his eyes and savored the chaste kiss. Dean pulled back and they took a moment out of their busy morning routine to just look at each other. Cas was the lucky one. “I’ll see you tonight.”
. My piece of shit manager that kept me in drugs and booze as long as I was a good boy and sang for my supper.” He took a step away from Dean. “I would have been there, Dean. You have to know that. I loved you.”
The warden hefted the case into the back of the truck. Castiel easily placed his suitcase in the backseat and smiled pleasantly. “I’m staying at the Extended Stay America off the toll road, if that’s helpful.”
“Your sister?” Dean squinted at the question.
Sam shared his laugh and then straightened. “I need to get back to the office. Maybe I’ll interview the new guy soon. Having a writer in town could be an interesting fluff piece.”
Thirty minutes later, he stood at the door, keys in hand. Dean hugged him goodbye and promised to call later, just like any other day. “Don’t forget to floss before your appointment,” Cas directed.
Dean’s eyes flashed with anger and Castiel felt the air around them crackle with energy. “Don’t,” he whispered. Confusion flashed in Dean’s eyes. He really had no idea how strong he was. He had no idea how to control his power. That would need to be remedied... fast.
“Ow… can you try to be more careful?”
It took most of the morning to get the stories straight. The bodies of Akhtar and his goons were loaded aboard the helicopter for destinations unknown. Castiel knew they were be photographed to prove death and then returned to their government. Frank and Mildred were questioned for their part in this circus. Apparently, after he’d left the house, the two of them must have hatched this idiotic but brilliant plan. Castiel wouldn’t admit it to them, but he was grateful that Frank was a decorated marksman. Mildred played her part by creating a diversion. Crazy woman. Castiel wanted to shake her and hug her to him at the same time.
my employee, Winchester. I gave you a chance when no one else would open their kitchen to you. You’re good at what you do, but don’t think I can’t blacklist you from ever working in this city again.” The words were spat out and Dean regretted his own outburst. Alistair was right, he could make his life a living hell with his connections.
“What? No. No, I don’t. He’s just...”
“I was.” He stepped out of Dean’s room and shut the door softly behind him.
“We are not
Castiel rose up on all fours and stared down at Dean. His teeth bit into his lower lip and he spread his legs. “Cas...” It was a blatant invitation and Castiel was going to take what was offered. He used his knees to spread Dean wider and settled back.
