In a blink of an eye, Dean was standing outside the gas station in an open field. A massive amount of bluish white light – as in the skyscraper-sized kind of massive – seemed to be appearing out of nowhere right in front of him. A pair of gigantic wings started to form out of the light, attached to a body that was shining far too bright for Dean to make out. He could tell that it was humanoid shaped, although the head seemed bigger and more lopsided, but there was too much light for him to make out the details. It felt like there were more eyes focused on Dean than the normal two that a human would have. His eyes kept being drawn to the gorgeous wings instead. The shimmering iridescent blue wasn't quite as bright, instead looking semi-transparent, but they glimmered with a dazzling beauty that Dean felt mesmerized by.
“What the hell was that?” Dean asked, but Cas didn’t even seem to hear him.  Instead, Cas was wide eyed with shock.  “Cas – hey!  You okay?  What the hell happened?  Cas!”
"Same here, but apparently he has been freelancing a little with really weird cases that get reported to the FBI, but aren't taken up by the FBI," Sam explained.
"I convinced her to stop telling everyone else about the giants.  The local authorities were convinced that Shayna lost it when her girlfriend split town.  But Shayna is not crazy and she is no liar.  I managed to convince one of my contacts to follow up with the trail of her fiancé's stolen credit card, even though the charges haven’t been the least bit suspicious or out of the ordinary.  I'll admit that if I didn't know Shayna so well personally, and if you two hadn't opened my eyes to what's really out there, I probably wouldn't have followed up on the magic she talked about.  But as crazy as it sounds, her instructions led right to the beanstalk...," Henriksen explained.
Since meeting Sarah in his freshman year, Sam wants everyone to find love. He can be more invested in Dean's love life than Dean sometimes. Its why he's put off coming out to him for so long. Until now Dean just seen the guys he meets as hook-ups, Sam had no reason to get involved. But now Deans actually interested in a dude, and if he wants to bring Cas around to place, Sam should probably know that Dean’s not as straight as he pretends to be.
"I achieved a stained elbow," Dean says, watching Castiel’s fingers as they trace over the joint in question. Who the fuck knew elbows could be so sensual. Castiel hums under his breath, looking up at Dean through his lashes.
Dean nods, lowering himself so he's level with Jack. Despite the rage coursing through him, Deans not going to show any of it in front of a kid. He's a guardian for a reason. So instead he wears his work smile and sticks out his hand, "I can see that little buddy."
Sam shrugs, petting Spice under the chin. "The roads are gritted but the entire path out here is hidden. We were lucky to get Bobby’s old SUV up this far."
“I’m just gonna let Dean out of his cell,” Jody says, turning the key on the lock. “You sure your okay to drive?”
“C’mon, that was obviously a lie. Though I must admit you’re definitely the prettiest Deputy to arrest me.”
Dean laughs harder. “Sorry man, it's not you. It's just all that effort to convince me to shower, only too wind up dirty again.”
Jody nods, then turns to Castiel, a small frown-line forming in her forehead. “You feeling okay Cas? You sound hoarser than usual.”
"Yeah?" Dean asks sitting up and biting his lip. He's still terrified Cas is going to see sense and make Dean go back to the motel. Which might happen if Cas tries to go up on the roof without his shot first.
She packs up quickly after that, taking the clothes Hannah gave her as well as her own stuff, finally returned to her along with the letter. Hannah’s car sinking under the weight. Bela fixes her hair in the car mirror, determined to make a good impression on the Mills household after her ordeal. Dean smiles at her, knowing Donna will ruffle her hair the second she enters the room. He reaches his hand into his pocket, turning the bottle inside over in his palm. He just hopes Claire will let him see her this time.
He covers his ears on instinct but it doesn’t stop Dean dropping to his knees. He’s positive he’s going to pass out. That's when everything explodes.
Dean chokes on his spit. He thumps his chest trying to get his breathing under control as Cas rushes towards him.
"No, you don't." Dean sighs, taking a seat beside him. Positioning his wings so one is dropping off the side and the other rises over both of them. Protecting them from the rain. Castiel blinks at him, surprised by the sudden shelter.
Castiel ducks his head, his cheeks heating. Meg scoffs, "Of course he loves Christmas movies, why do you think he's been watching so many of them."
"Yet you advise against Jack being brought up with his fellow angelic kin? When you yourself are an angel?" Crowley asks, doing a valiant attempt at seeming confused instead of suspicious.
"Yeah, you got that right." Dean scratches the back of his neck. "I think I need to see this exhibit, so we can figure out what's up with him."
“Anyone can make a deal,” Castiel says confidently, turning Dean's world on its axis. Half the reason he hates demons is because of the deals they make. But if anyone can do it, that changes everything. In a way, Dean doesn't want to examine too closely. Especially with Castiel’s accusations ringing in his ears.
“No,” Dean says because he knows angels have and probably will always hate demons. “It has nothing to do with anything angelic, it's just bad experiences. I’ll work on it.”
“No Dean," Sam shakes his head, lowering his voice. "I always thought you and Cas were close alright, but now
"It's just you up there?" Dean asks, turning to face Castiel who's leaning against Dean's shoulder. It's the wrong time to think about it, but Dean can't remember the last time he was this close to another person.
"Yes. I know I didn't do a good job hiding my feelings in Hardgate." Cas bites his lip, ducking his head to look at his feet. The gesture is so un-Cas like it breaks through his shock. Cas is never ashamed of anything, but now he looks like a misbehaving kid. "I forced my affection on you and you avoided me, Dean. I waited for you to come back, so I could tell you how much you meant to me. But you didn't Dean. You didn't come near me for fifty years. I got the message pretty clear after that."
"Yeah, Yeah," Dean says, rocking on Castiel’s lap. "You may be bigger than most American guys, but can you fuck me any better that’s the real question?"
Dean shrugs. “Yeah I woke up, couldn't get back to sleep, and it’s not like I could put something that mud stained on and drive to see Sam in New York.”
"I thought we were real," Castiel says, his voice shaking. "I thought you wanted me and what we had together. But then you were just gone."
"That’s not my point,” Dean licks his lips, watching as Cas's gaze lingers and fights a smile. Now is not the time. Not when Deans trying to get Cas to stop being dumb and believe in himself. “What I’m trying to say is if you can’t find something in the books. Chances are no one’s come up with an idea yet. Whatever idea you have its probably the best chance we've got.”
Castiel shrugs, shoving eggs in his face.“I'm prepping for an angelic custody case on behalf of the mother. It's going to court, which is ridiculous because Jacks father suddenly remembered he has a son. Of course, it was only after Jack started to exhibit traits typical to an archangel.” Castiel says bitterly, this father sounds like a piece of work.
Castiel nods at the new information but there's something about Dean's name nagging him that he can't ignore. “Winchester- Wasn't that the name of the St Louis Slasher?”
It's just Sheriff Mills way of punishing him for undermining her authority. Apparently, he was not allowed to take Claire on a ride-along to get experience - even if it was during his own hours - because Claire has already been told, repeatedly, that she’s not cut out for being a cop.
All these years, Deans always believed Cas was his best friend. That he shared a part of himself with Cas that no one — not even Sam — got to see.  It's only taking him a few days with the guy for him to realise that was bullshit. There are so many secrets between them and Dean doesn’t know how to start unravelling them. He’s not even sure if he wants to. He wonders if they talked about those things, would their relationship be better or worse.
“I'm fine.” Castiel snaps, ignoring Jody and Dean's worried looks. He is fine, He's alive and he's got a ghost to kill. “C’mon Dean, let's go.”
Dean blinks surprised and takes the mug tentatively. “Yeah — I, ah, I’m only seeing him for a few days before going after a highway ghost in Alberta. It only appears during new moon, which is weird, but probably important.”
"No Dean I know it is but your acting weird," Sam says, waving his hands in the air. "You keep pretending everything fine, that you're free now, but I know how you act Dean. You've been drinking more than usual and stress eating when you’re not. Not to mention the fact you've been mothering me for weeks."
Neither of them tries to speak again. The rain continues to hit the tarp, the soft patter eventually sending Dean into a restless sleep.
“Is that all,” Dean says sarcastically hiding the fact he's freaking out. Dean barely gets enough time to keep his own place clean for crying out loud. He has three client meetings a day not to mention the time it takes to fly here.
Then he met Cas. It was sometime during the 1820s. Sam wanted to study law in England so off they went. He can't remember the details, but he remembers that pub. The smell of human blood beating under miles of warm skin. He was on the prowl, trying to pick up some young thing for a simple nibble when he felt eyes on him.
"Tetanus," Dean says swiftly. He doesn’t want to fight Cas but he sure as hell isn't letting him get sick. "I got some new tools and this ladder isn't so bad, but I don't think you should come up there with me until I remove the nails. I don't know how rusted they are going to be."
"You're stuck here?" Castiel says, tilting his head and staring at her spirt like he can see something more than just her image. "Did you escape when Chuck opened the Hellgate?"
"So, what you're happy living here for a few years, proposing to American woman but staying here forever is where you draw the line?" Dean asks he's not really sure what angle he's going to play here. Normally the people he questions ignore Dean for hours. It's throwing Dean off his game, getting called out so brazenly.
The week leading up to Jack's case is a tough one. Castiel has a measly two-hour slot on the docket to fight this thing. Before leaving the decision with Raphael. He's spent most of the week printing depositions. Calling teachers and neighbours and training Dean to take the stand.
Reluctantly Dean turns around to face the voice and just about swallows his tongue. The man, presumably Castiel looks perfectly at ease in a dark suit tailored to fit his broad body. The dark crimson of his tie matches his polished horns and whipping tail. His eyes are a piercing blue. Dean's always been too wary of demons to ever notice their looks, but this demon makes his grace shine.
Dean doesn't seem worried about Castiel's clinginess, though. Instead, he just looks at him, eyes wide and cheeks flushed from the cold. Rain drips from his hair and runs down his cheek. “If you really want to take care of me, you should help me warm up first,” he says teasingly.
“Nope,” Cas says, far away from the phone. “Closest I got was scaring some kids, drinking in the graveyard.” With each word, Cas gets closer to the speaker, finally settling at a reasonable distance. Dean likes to picture the phone on the opposite pillow to Cas’s head, the same place Dean's is. Like they're lying next to each other.
Sam keeps banging as Dean scrabbles for his pants. Cursing up a storm as he trips over the legs while rushing to the door. Sam stumbles past him, snowflakes clinging to his hair. He stomps his feet on the floor, "Its fucking cold out there." He hisses rubbing his gloved hands together.
“You won’t,” Cas says, tossing the pack in his trash and pulling out a tin of cat food from another bag. “Besides, it's only for a few days.”
"Dean nothing is getting out of Minnesota unless they have a four-wheel drive and a snowplough upfront," Sam says reassuringly. Dean would feel guilty about the joy that hits him. He trusts Sam to keep safe. And if it means in the meantime he's got a perfect excuse to stay with Cas then that's just how it is. Sam laughs when Dean sighs in relief. "I'll be fine at Rowena's by myself. I just need to know what Eileen needs. I don't want to abandon her Dean."
“I get it,” Dean says because if there is one thing, he does understand it's awesome kids. What he can't wrap his mind around is how beautiful Castiel looks when he smiles. Dean thought his hatred would have blocked out his attraction for Castiel. But God, that smile is something else.
Meg rolls her eyes. Snapping his shoulder with her dishtowel. "I meant his annual Christmas Movie Marathon; Clarence here tries to watch at least one a week. Why do think I call him Clarence so much?"
"I thought you said it was a mistake?" Dean bites out, sliding further down the sofa. Putting space between them.
Cas laughs, it sounds tinny on the speaker, but when Dean closes his eyes he can hear it loud and clear. Picturing the way Cas’s eyes crinkle when he smiles. “Does this mean I have to keep upping my game?”
Dean sighs giving into the urge to touch and reaches out until he’s cupping Cas jaw. “I believe in you Cas.” He says stroking his thumb lightly down Cas’s cheek. “I know you're going to get Jack back and I want to help you with this. I won't let Chuck or the Empty or even my dumb ass take you away from me. I want us to do this together because even though you piss me off with this dumb self-sacrifice crap, I still love you."
Claire looks up from Dean's hand her face pale and eyes wide. “I feel fine,” she lies because magic always makes her feel like shit.
“I’m sure I’ll learn it eventually,” Castiel says as easy as anything. Like he’s already planning on being around Deans place more often.
Rufus's place like most hunters is on the outskirts of town. Practically hidden from civilisation near the non-public points off the lake. Dean barely remembers where the hidden dirt path is and ends up pulling out a U-turn on the empty road. When he realizes he's driven past it. It's even worse trying to coast Baby up the hill. The trees have definitely thickened out here. He wonders how Cas found it all. The Impalas gears grind to halt more than often than not. For once in his life Dean considers abandoning her all the way out here.
Castiel raises an eyebrow. “I assumed since your job is to look after Cerberus that you would be asking questions about him. Most people do and that, unfortunately, is the most common one.”
“Jesus,” Dean groans pinching the bridge of his nose. “Looks like we better work out a plan. Rowena could you get your Grimoire for me. I’ll talk to Castiel about testifying later but right now we got to work out how to fight this.”
Inside the lobby, Dean tries to keep a level head and a modest situation below the waist. He may hate L.A. but he likes this hotel. About six years ago Sandover acquired an intern to shadow Dean for his management degree. Dean had been grumpy about it at first, but Sam Wesson had been pretty awesome. Now he's the concierge of this place. He always gives Sandover employees a discount. Which is just as well, because even with his wage packet, this place is ridiculous. Dean always tries to be on his best behavior when he comes here. Well until tonight at least.
Sam smiles walking backward to the kitchen. Dean shakes his head, the kids almost as awkward as Dean is. Turning on his heel Dean enters the living room, planning to give this Castiel guy a simple wave before trying to calm down in his room. Except when he enters the living room, he ends up freezing in his place.
Chuck was able to snap in half and stomp on everything he’d created, everything it took humans millennia to construct. All the people, all the systems that he’d taken for granted only days prior were just…
intoxicated around Dean, and that’s a problem. To think of how close he’d come to spilling his secrets, well, it makes Castiel want to lock himself in his office and never come out again.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel murmurs, his grip around Dean’s waist tightening. “That’s horrific, I’m so sorry you went through that.” He doesn’t have to elaborate, it would be redundant. Dean’s telling this story because he already knows that Castiel understands and empathizes, and Castiel appreciates the trust, the way Dean is letting him in on what is clearly a very painful, humiliating memory. For the first time since Balthazar did what he did, Castiel finds himself the
"Oh, great." Dean's heart sunk to the pit of his stomach and he heaved a sigh. "Look, kid, I'm really sorry to tell you this, but I'm not—ow!"
Elanor appearance ahead ;) Also a quick note that this show's timeline (even before the delay in this chapter) is super unrealistic for community theater. I've never been in a show that took more than 3 months from casting to curtain, but I stretched the timeline for RENT-theme reasons. Also, if a show derails the way this one does (thanks to Crowley), I've never seen that be recoverable, but...fic, lol.
Castiel nodded, feeling robbed of breath as Dean trailed off and stared at him. His tongue swept out over his lips. Dean’s fingers had slipped from between his but not lost contact. They were dragging trails over Castiel’s hand, and one singular finger was rubbing a circle over his wrist. “We should take...it slow.”
Dean was silent for a moment and then he laughed. “Well fuck if I know how to reply to that, Cas. I mean, sometimes I’d be into that, yeah. Cuddling and touching for no reason. Hell, yeah. But sometimes I just don’t want to be touched. Gotta be honest, doesn’t happen
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean asked, automatically defensive, but before Claire could answer their attention was stolen by Jody’s truck slamming on the brakes in front of them as it made the turn onto the main street in town. The stoplights hung grey and lifeless above them, the rows of stores lining the streets dark and foreboding. The whole vibe read
The ICU itself is too much like he remembers it. Too-sterile air, the scent of disinfectant covering blood and stale body fluids in his nose, and the beeping of life-sustaining machines to both his left and right. For a second, Dean has to stop and take a deep breath, centering himself.
“Oh, fuck,” Dean cries out, reaching unconsciously for his own thighs and pulling them apart. He scrambles a little, Cas’ laughter dark and deep as he grabs and shoves a pillow under Dean’s hips, resettling them both with Dean’s legs draped over his shoulders.
Not to mention, since Dean arrived, there’s been a distinct lack of police officers knocking at the front door in the middle of the night. Not having to pander to exhausted cops tasked with delivering delinquent escapee teenagers home safely is a relief that can’t be overstated.
He thinks about their honeymoon in the mountains, thinks about the late anniversary trip they took back there at this very time, last year. They’d gone hiking and fishing despite the cold, even tried to fuckin’ ski. Dean can’t ski for shit, spent more time on his ass and babying his bum knee in the hot tub than he did actually standing up on those godforsaken things.
if Castiel’s going around outing Dean as his True Mate. No, better to go in there as the loudest, most brazen version of who he is. Stand tall and take no shit. Smile wide, and think non-stinky thoughts. Hey, that philosophy has gotten him this far, and Dean’s damn proud of that, too.
Dean whines, hands tucked between his thighs as he squirms on Castiel’s couch. Thankfully, his face still looks bruise-free.
anything when he was. While Balthazar never pressured him for physical intimacy, Castiel was always indifferent towards sex with him, never initiating, only even really considering the idea when Bal brought it up. As a result, whenever they
have is a ton of art on the walls or color splashed across his space; his bed sports plain white sheets, two nondescript standard pillows, and an army-green knit blanket. It all seems much more suited to outfitting military barracks than an artist’s space, but Castiel knows perfectly well that not every artist wears their passion on their sleeve. Or decorating their home, as it were. Still, Dean’s walls feel bare, as if they’re waiting for something to complete them. But maybe Castiel is projecting.
For the first time, Dean can see Castiel waver, can see a hint of insecurity and uncertainty simmering just below his easygoing, “nothing bothers me” exterior. Honestly, it only drives the fishing hook Dean’s bitten into his cheek more firmly home, makes him
“And so, I gotta stay. He’s my brother, Cas. I gotta save him.” He knows his tone is bordering on pathetic and pleading, but suddenly the idea of staying here all alone seems like a monumentally terrible idea. Dean doesn’t want Castiel to leave this
Rowena finished pouring the contents into the cups, raising her eyes to the two. “Are you ready, boys?” Gabriel and Balthazar looked at each other, then at Rowena and nodded. “Let’s get started then.”
That’s all the permission Castiel needs. He reaches up to cup the back of Dean’s head and pull him in for a searing kiss, more tongue and possession than anything else, but that’s how it needs to be for Castiel right now. To his delight, Dean melts in his arms, letting his head be tipped and pulled in whatever direction to Castiel’s liking, moaning and sighing as he allows himself to be manipulated. It takes every ounce of strength Castiel has in him to pull away but he does it, stepping back with a hand on Dean’s bare chest, pleased with the way Dean’s eyes stay closed long after his mouth is gone.
Seeing Cas is easier this time. He doesn’t look any better overall, but he doesn’t look worse, and he’s definitely less bloody, which Dean thinks must be good. He’s wired for sound, though. There’s a drain coming out of the bandages on his head, a monitor in his scalp tracking the pressure in his brain, plus all of the IVs that were flowing before, maybe more. So much equipment, dwarfing Cas and making him look small—not an easy task.
Nodding sagely, Castiel takes a sip from his cup. “The heating in our building does leave something to be desired, even when it isn’t being turned off for non-payment.”
As time goes on, Dean’s (shockingly) finding it easier and easier to ignore the cameras. After all, he’s already done the worst stuff possible in front of them, what’s a little emotional vulnerability? Sam is gonna lose his hair when he sees this, Dean can feel it already. There’s no way in hell he’s going to be able to convince his little brother that the show isn’t scripted.
“Cas,” Dean mumbles into his ear, sounding truly pitiful. “Cas, please don’t make me wait. I’ll do whatever you want, all night, I swear. Dude, it
Twenty-four hours, off and on, stuck in various enclosed spaces with three smart, intuitive women who are determined to make Castiel talk about his feelings quickly has him itching and anxious in an entirely different way. By the time six p.m. rolls around the following evening and Castiel’s shift ends, he’s feeling somewhat less distraught about what he saw at the accident scene, but a
Both of Dean’s thighs are wrapped in custom triple-chain cilices Cas ordered online, though only one has the expected spikes on the inside facing his skin. Dean’s left thigh is still too unpredictable with nerve pain, and strange as it may sound, he gets no enjoyment out of stoking that to life—not in daily life and definitely not during a scene. That he’s wearing the cilice at all on that side is simply for appearances—it’s no one else’s business why he and Cas do what they do or what limits Dean sets for himself, but it’s easier to not invite questions.
He takes a breath, blows it out, pretends to be sniffling so that he can wipe a hand across his face and push all of those feelings away. Once composed, Castiel lifts a hand to signal his goodbye to Dean before waving at Claire through the open car window. She’s ignoring them both—still pouting, arms folded petulantly across her chest as she refuses to meet her father’s gaze, staring into the depths of the vehicle instead.
A cavern, really—with tunnels branching out in all directions, stretching towards various regions of the Hell-scape, some more accessible than others. The brief refresher research he caught up on before taking their leave confirms as much, but it’s not as if Castiel is an expert. Should they need to move forward with their plan, they’ll eventually have to pick a tunnel to start with, and he’s not
“Knew you’d be like this,” Dean continues, sounding vindicated. “I mean, I had to guess on what role you were playing at that club—and fuck knows I’m in no place to judge by outward appearances—but I
"Please," Carl choked out, trying to fling himself forward, unable to move against the hand she had curled around his throat. "Claire, please, I don't—"
“Yeah,” Gabriel chimes in, the barest note of anxiety lacing his otherwise overly-enthusiastic tone. He wiggles his eyebrows. “Won’t be all fighting, Your Majesty.”
It’s physical, it’s simple biology—except, with Dean, it’s not. In fact, it feels almost sacrilegious for Castiel to suggest that what they create together
“I know. But if I don’t laugh…” He coughs a little, bringing his and Dean’s clasped hands to his chest along with his free one as he grimaces through a few deep breaths.
where. Let’s not forget, it isn’t like Dean’s cooling his heels on the beach, sipping Mai Tais. He’s counting on us.”
It’s gone anyway, just like every other coherent thought in his mind, when the head of Cas’ cock pushes against his rim and pops inside. Castiel groans and Dean can’t help but let a “fuck,
So with Castiel leading the way, they all move as one towards the tunnel of his choosing. Castiel pauses at the darkened mouth, spinning Jack around to rummage in his pack for a flashlight. Pulling it out, he flips the switch—nothing happens.
Not for the first time, Castiel thinks that he and Dean might be a lot more alike in that respect than he’d initially thought. His own need to take control is hard-wired into his personality, into who he
“No, you know what? Fuck you. All three of you, but especially you,” he adds, poking Castiel firmly in the chest and trying not to notice how
When they’re about three minutes away from the hospital, Castiel moves from his seat next to Bart so that he can grab the radio and have dispatch connect him with the ER. He gives his report standing just behind the stretcher, like he usually does. As he’s talking, he inadvertently catches Bart’s gaze in the reflection of the windows in the back doors, and that’s when it happens.
It’s face split, a slit-like mouth parting in the goop and curling up at the edges. The smile made Castiel think of a macabre version of the smiling emojis he’d enjoyed sending to Dean and Sam in text messages, back before the End. But this wasn’t a happy smile, an acknowledgement of a message received. It was a creepy, sick, void-filled leer, eyeless and unnerving.
“Why are we sneaking around, anyway? Did the tides change? Am I out? Naomi find someone better for her hot gay son? Gotta admit, Tahoe’s ripe for the picking in that department.” Dean’s teasing, Castiel can tell, nonchalant as his tone is. As he talks, he wanders Castiel’s room, admiring the family pictures hanging on the walls and his very small shelf of trophies from Model U.N. and Mock Debate, like that isn’t the most humiliating thing he could still have lying around.
"...the kid wouldn't let us leave, she kept saying we were leavin' you behind, that we were leavin’ the heros behind," the motorcycle man was saying as he took the suited woman's hand to help her off the truck bed. "I gotta give it to the girl, she was right. Y'all would've been toast. You need help with your friend?"
getting along, better watch out. More than likely, it’s because they’re up to no good. In Castiel’s experience, the two of them only seem to be able to be civil when they’ve identified a mutual enemy to annihilate. If they’re not bickering or trying to pull one over on said enemy (probably him), they’ll be competing to undermine each other, just for kicks.
Castiel nods in agreement. “The money allows me to do what I love without worry. The least I can do is assist my partner in doing the same.”
is white. The modern-looking lobby furniture, the desks and counters, and every surface from the floors to the ceilings. Crisp, clean white accented with shining silver, with tons of natural light pouring in through the slanted roof that juts out over the reception space. Dean tries not to gape, but it’s difficult—this place is so much the opposite of everything he’s used to, in both form and substance. It’s never been clearer to him how much he doesn’t belong.
It hit him like a burning fist between the ribs. He couldn’t help, he couldn’t save Dean. He was powerless, and useless to protect the people he loved. The
Castiel brought his chin back down and glared at the glass sprayed across the ground. “Nothing about that was fine. I feel like a failure.”
It’s just that Sam left shortly after their little heart-to-heart in the kitchen, wife and real life to get back to and all of that. Dean understands, he just misses him. Not to mention, after all of the events that transpired over the last few days, sitting alone with his thoughts in his room at the Bunker is the last thing Dean feels like doing at the moment.
Still, it’s not that simple, not where emotions come into play about it. Especially when those emotions are tied up in both a personal relationship and Castiel’s entire livelihood, all flushed down the drain together in one fell swoop.
nights in a row. If he hadn’t been so exhausted from driving and needing to be sharp to do it all over again the next day, Castiel would have preferred to crash in the car.
“Love you, Cas,” Dean says against his mouth, because apparently, now that he’s pulled the band-aid off, he can’t fucking stop. “Love you.”
Dean went hurtling into the sleigh, nearly crushing Sam, who screamed like a banshee and jumped into the front seat to avoid any broken bones.
Dean raised an eyebrow, but still didn’t answer. Sam shoved the pill bottle into his pocket and folded his arms for a moment, before jerking his head toward the door. “Come on. I gotta switch out with the back of camp watch in thirty minutes. Walk there with me.”
“Dean!” he called once more, trying to keep the panic out of his voice as he began desperately shoving, herding, pushing people back toward the compound, lashing out at any zombie that got too close. “The truck!”
A pregnant silence hangs between them for a long moment while everyone just stares each other down, shadows in the dim light casting ominously over their faces. “Please,” Dean adds, more softly this time. “I’m okay.”
“Are you ready?” Dean asks, even though his arms only tighten around Castiel’s waist, keeping them together. The movement prompts a shiver as Dean’s fingertips drift beneath his layers to brush against Castiel’s skin. “I’m ready when you are.”
Before long, Dean’s climbing back into the driver’s seat, and it’s then that Castiel realizes his cup is empty, which is absolutely terrible news. Not only because the drink was good, but because now he won’t have the luxury of a distraction barrier between himself and Dean. Nothing to fiddle with or take long sips from for plausible deniability of awkward silences or worse. All nerves, Castiel smiles at Dean anyway, holding up the mug before setting it back into the cupholder.
So, of course, this is what Cas wants to do. Test and press his fuckin’ limits right out of the gate. Well, Dean
fucking violating. Last time I got bit, way back when? It was...blurry. That dude wanted to turn me, maybe get a snack in the process. He didn’t mess around, didn’t draw it out. These vamps…” Dean trails off, staring into space like he’s remembering. A shiver ripples through his body, and Castiel doubts it’s from cold this time. “They were
“—and with what God did, there’s no script anymore. There are thousands of souls wandering around Earth, when they should be in Heaven or Hell, and countless monsters roaming the Earth when they should be in Purgatory. I can’t undo all of that alone, so I’m counting on you four to do it, and restore the planet’s balance.”
“Ordered?” Jody gasped, a hand coming up to her mouth, her eyes round as saucers. “Are you saying these zombies can talk?”
The Warden’s one condition on allowing the candles includes clearing the Visitation Center of all other inmates and guests first. That works out, since it allows for Dean’s extra time with his family to remain more or less on the down-low. Never a bad thing when it comes to volatile prisoners invested in the appearance of equal treatment and fairness. No such thing, in Castiel’s experience—and he believes they know that—but denial is a powerful, important drug in prison.
Thank you again to @coinofstone and @ladyrandombox for the editing, and especially LadyRandomBox for the lovely art. PLEASE follow us on social media and give her all the props for the art she's done!
what do I know? QueenofMoondor barely has a thousand followers and none of them have offered to pay me to post pictures. I say you keep doing what you’re doing, ‘cause it’s definitely working for you.” She pauses, leans over to zoom in a little, and shrugs. “Yeah, username checks out—you know, if I swung that way.”
“It isn’t that small. We’ve room to walk around, grab a drink from the tap, recline in our seats to rest. It’ll do.”
If he wasn’t sending every extra penny he can scrape home to Sam, anyway. Hell, if Crowley didn’t keep his commissary account flush, Dean wouldn’t even have deodorant. He doesn’t fucking deserve it, nevermind luxuries, but again, here he is. Crowley has a certain way of doing things, and part of Dean’s deal includes that perk.
, he thinks as he reads. These are like, legit freedom fighter groups. Omega-only shelters, grant funding for low-income omega college applicants. Aid groups that represent omegas unfairly charged with crimes pro bono. That last one especially piques Dean’s interest—it’s unfortunately common for omegas to be charged after fighting back against attempted rape or domestic violence, more so than it is for their abusers to see even one minute of jail time.
The very thought that The Empty would come for him, that it would take him away from this paradise he was making between him and Dean… The thought was inconceivable. After everything they’d overcome together, after every storyline he’d destroyed to reach Dean, after every choice, and every sacrifice…
sting, but Dean doesn’t hate it, and he’s pretty sure the way he pulls his bottom lip between his teeth tells Castiel so. “Interesting,” Castiel murmurs before standing again and putting the razor away. “Unfortunately, we don’t have time right now to explore that, but we will talk later. Right now, we need to give you your motivation so that we can get to our scheduled appointment on time. In fact—”
Cas ignores it, because of course he does. He just goes on turning Dean’s ass and thighs red and raw until the surface under Dean’s face is slick with his tears and he’s more numb than anything else.
Castiel to lead him. It was only when they were halfway down the porch steps that he even realized Sam wasn’t with them or behind them and reacted accordingly.
In truth, Castiel’s tired of feeling exhausted by his wings and this whole situation. He’s ready to move forward and is increasingly certain that Dean is the one who can get him there, in more ways than one. He hums and shifts a little, unsticking his chest from the leather of the chair. “I trust you,” he says. “Whatever you think is best.”
“Do you do this with all your orgy partners?” Dean mumbles softly from where his head is resting on his knees, his eyelids heavy from the pure bliss of being touched with such unassuming care and affection.
Sam’s there to see it, snorting as he brushes by them both on the way to introduce Eileen to the cluster of Judges Dean’s already clocked socializing across the room. His face burns and he covers by stuffing one of the little cheeseburgers into his mouth whole. As he chews, Dean’s eyes sweep the room for an excuse, an out, anything to get away from Cas and the way he looks tonight. Luck isn’t on Dean’s side, though, and before he can find a reason to bail, there’s a soft touch on his arm, just below where his dress shirt cufflink rests against his skin.
Castiel wakes confused. It’s not the location unsettling him—he recognizes the comforting darkness immediately, the familiar shapes of the furniture in his cottage looming nearby, fuzzy from the dim light seeping in around the curtains. It’s not the noise—the quiet patter of rain that hasn’t stopped overnight drips almost lazily onto the roof. It’s definitely not the delicious warmth pressed against his back—that’s become an expectation at this point—Dean all sleep-soft and tucked into his body in one position or another. It’s not even the painfully hard morning wood in between his legs—even that has slowly become Castiel’s waking norm.
While he’s always been naturally skilled at repressing his emotions when he feels like it, prison has skyrocketed that ability to an extremely unhealthy level—for a normal person, that is. For a prisoner—for
“The producers apparently have a list of each of our food and drink preferences,” Castiel offers, answering the question Dean didn’t yet ask. “In theory, it’s for them and to keep the kitchen stocked, however, as soon as Rachel saw me preparing two coffees, she was very swift to volunteer your information.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Charlie says with a sigh. “Get a boyfriend and come on a freaking double date with Dorothy and me so we have other people to talk to. We’ll call it even.”
From beside him, there’s a long-suffering sigh. “Fuck me,” Dean tells the countertop. “With your dick. And a fake dick. At the same time. Please. Sir.”
No one besides the Warden has made even a cursory effort to get to know him yet, though it’s only been a week since Castiel’s first day at the Bay. To be fair, he’s spent most of that time in meetings with Naomi, buried up to his neck in files, and/or observing the prisoners’ behavior from the security camera monitoring room. The guard who has been assigned there each time Castiel’s been down—Garth—is friendly, at least. Almost
He’d experienced a lot of emotions since becoming human; stronger, brighter, with more clarity than he could as a celestial wavelength. But this was a new one. Now that the initial heartbreak, sorrow, and self-pity had given him even a moment to breathe, a whole new emotion raised its head: shame.
Balthazar and Hannah appear to come to the same conclusion, veering to the right away from the bar in order to claim the largest table in the place. Castiel follows, reluctantly settling down onto a cushioned stool that doesn’t
“Who cares?” Dean repeats, sliding forward on his stool to make up for the distance Castiel’s put between them. His eyes search Castiel’s face, genuinely curious. “What’s it matter? I mean, really? Who cares what you call it, love, lust?
“How soon can we do this?” Cas asked, jerking Dean violently from the dark thoughts spiraling in his brain.
Which is why he can’t remotely understand why the next thing out of his own mouth is, “Dean… I’m not sure that we should have sex tonight,” but Dean’s entirely unused to be rejected, and he just laughs.
Opening his mouth to answer, Dean abruptly thinks better of it, pushing a thigh between Castiel’s legs and yanking him in tight instead. Their bodies slip-slide against each other and just as Dean hoped he would, Cas grabs onto Dean’s shoulders for balance. The move results in maximum skin contact and Cas’ face only inches away—it sends tingles down Dean’s spine, all the way into his fingers and toes.
in the middle of nowhere, in front of what appears to be some sort of secret hideout. If it weren’t for the old-fashioned gaslight at the top of the stairs, casting a glow over the parking area and the steps leading down to the sunken door, Castiel might have taken his foot off of the brake and bailed right then.
“Dean deserves it,” Castiel replies, without hesitation. He motions towards the desk. “Dean will be in momentarily. I’ll just—”
“Listen,” Dean growls, his tone met swiftly by a warning look from Sam, so he tries to pare it back. “Listen,” he repeats, slightly more softly. “You gotta understand—what this feels like to
and for the first time, Dean really begins to comprehend the damage he’s wrought. He knew—of course he knew—that Cas wasn’t happy with him still going out hunting. He also knew that he’d made mistakes with their relationship, and with his own coping mechanisms, but
Clenching his hands at his sides, Castiel waits for Dean to come to him. “Don’t touch me,” Dean snaps sharply, standing only an arm’s length away, and Castiel swiftly retracts the hand he didn’t realize he had stretched out, reaching for his mate.
Not exactly what Dean imagined he was signing up for when he scribbled his John Hancock onto the dotted line of his very first reality show contract.
“Well, you’re not my daughter!” Castiel yelled back, side-stepping as Claire tried to move past him. “I certainly don’t deserve to call you my daughter, but you
Warnings: This chapter directly addresses BLM, police brutality, and the unjust way marginalized folx are treated in the US. There is a scene from an actual protest that turns violent, and several characters (Dean, Claire, Kaia, Max, and Alicia) are on-screen victims of police brutality. There is frank demonstration of privilege and racism, plus in this world, gender-related oppression. Everyone comes out the end of the chapter "relatively" unharmed (no deaths or disabling injuries).
He’d write but his hands feel shaky, his mind scattered. He clenches his fingers together across his thighs instead.
By the time he’s standing with a nozzle in his hand and his newly-minted search and rescue team lined up on the pipe behind him (less than two minutes after Benny’s order), RIT is already extricating, carrying two injured firefighters out of the house and over to EMS for assessment. A quick glance their way tells Dean there are only two ambulances, and he pauses before entering the house to radio Benny, asking for status on a third. It’s important to think ahead, since the kid they’re looking for is likely to need care, if not resus.
“I don’t understand that reference,” Castiel says placidly, sipping from his own mug and staring at Dean openly.
It takes Dean a second to catch on, but once he does, he lets his hips down and they get back to making out. The second time Dean rocks his pelvis up, Castiel pulls away, straightening his spine and waggling a finger down at him. “Uh uh,” he teases, but Dean just looks confused, so Castiel dives back in. This time, he leaves Dean’s uninjured hand free to do what it likes, and in seconds, it’s in Castiel’s hair.
Elsewhere in the two buildings, Benny is putting the seasoned crews from Fifteen through their paces, sending them floor to floor on last checks for anything out of place or unsafe. Specifically, they’re looking for crumbling walls or large cracks permeating the cement structure. It’s good practice for them to just exist in SCBA gear with no actual risk, but the checks are also important for safety purposes. The buildings were walked through last night and they’re regularly maintained by the company who built them, but even concrete has its limits when it comes to fire and heat.
“Actually,” Castiel interjects—to both of their dismay, if Gabriel’s indignant huff and the annoyed look Rowena tosses his way are any clue—“We were hoping that you could assist with the opposite.”
They catch hell for it. The price of their indiscretion is steep: twenty thousand dollars and the shame of knowing they’re the only ones at the Retreat who have gone “all the way” and actually had penetrative sex. It’s a damn good thing their castmates
Marilyn Thatcher. Twenty-three. Auburn hair, freckles, green eyes as brilliant as the most exquisite emerald on earth. She was full of joy, full of life. She danced with no restraint in the servants quarters of the Titanic, where she was a maid. Castiel had been sent there to hide among the humans, to ensure the ship sank. There were souls with particular destinies on there, and they had to die in order to trigger a chain of events… But Marilyn was a passenger. And Castiel hadn’t foreseen falling in love with her. He simply could not imagine what destinies were so important that it meant ending her brilliant life. Well, ending any of their lives was dreadful, but especially hers.
Thanks to this new position, Castiel can give Dean a lot more of what he deserves. He can press open-mouthed kisses all over his damp back. He can yank Dean’s hair, tug his head to the side and leave a bite mark on his neck. He can use both hands to simultaneously jerk Dean off and roll his balls in his palm, to toy with Dean’s rim where he’s stretched wide. Even through all of that, he still does his best to roll his hips up as Dean fucks himself enthusiastically down on his cock—it’s all
He fought the Empty and the Shadow once, there’s no reason he can’t do it again. A last act of defiance, to try and keep this
Cas is okay, maybe he’s just got a long, slow road ahead of him. Or maybe him waking up is just a delay in the inevitable, and Dean is fooling himself.
For now, he simply pops a strawberry in his own mouth and chews thoughtfully, trying to appear more together than he feels. After several more bites of fruit (and Dean learning that he can absolutely get away with using his tongue to swipe the juice dripping from Castiel’s fingers), he starts gathering up some eggs on the fork and offering them to Dean directly. Interestingly enough, Dean looks disappointed by the change in utensil, but Castiel sticks to his guns and doesn’t sub out the fork for his fingers. Part of training Dean will be teaching him that he doesn’t always get to dictate terms, that he doesn't always get what he wants if it isn’t in line with what Castiel needs. The reverse is true as well, of course, Castiel’s not selfish.
Without missing a beat, Castiel replies, “I love you too, Dean,” and continues eating. No jokes, no sarcasm, no extravagant words—there will be time for all of that later. Dean simply needs to be validated and reassured right now. The slight pink hue flushing his cheeks and the tiny smile that Dean tries to hide by stuffing more eggs in his mouth suggests that Castiel got it right.
“What?” Castiel asks softly, wringing out the rag and dropping it into the basin to sit until he throws a load of laundry in later. The sheets from the playroom and yesterday’s uniform, probably. He’s predictable that way—
Castiel can’t argue with that logic, doesn’t really want to. Not when Dean’s still-armed body is pressed up against his side like that’s a perfectly natural thing for them to do, and Castiel
Dean there.” Jack pauses, his forehead knitting together in thought. “I can’t imagine the horrors Dean must be going through, stuck inside whatever bubble Chuck created for him. What he must be
but this. He should be coming home to a hot dinner right now, trading stories from the day with Ben, unwinding with a beer and a movie with Lisa. The look on her face as she and Ben step out from the iron gate marking the edge of the sidewalk in front of their home says that she couldn’t agree more.
“You sayin’ you wanna be my neighbor, Cas?” Dean teases, and it has the desired effect. Cas’ smile widens and he ducks his head, tapping his pen on the side of his pad.
“Of course,” the creature burbled, impervious to sarcasm. It was walking swift circles again, Dean’s boots slapping loudly across the tile floor. “All I want, is nothing.”
make Castiel’s blood boil. Not that Eileen needs Castiel to defend her—two minutes with anyone who doubts her is usually enough to convert them into a believer, but the attitude is still paternalistic, antiquated, and grossly unfair.
the exterior of the armory, Dean does relax incrementally. Still, Jody’s an intuitive woman, and she’s smart enough to read the room. Without fanfare, she declares that she’s postponing the remainder of their tour until the next morning.
The pressure leaves Dean’s neck for a brief second, the soft clicking that follows making Dean think that whoever is holding the weapon is waving it in the direction of Charlie, Benny, and Sam. Must be, since out of the corner of his eye, Dean can see them all relent and put their hands sky-high. “You three, hands on your heads, now,” the man demands, and Dean can only watch as they comply, his brief hope that Benny would get the jump on this dude fading quickly. He considers trying to blindly disarm the guy himself, but without knowing the kind of person he’s up against and the fact that he supposedly has a gun trained on Cas, it doesn’t seem like the smartest idea.
“It is. My family generally is.” Castiel says, almost ruefully, “But we look out for each other. If you want you could call me Cas instead, most of my friends do.”
"As long as you’re cool with it," Dean says, tapping his fingers against the counter, hoping like fuck that Cas is happy about this.
"That's a good idea," Dean says, admiring the light in Sam's eyes. It's the first time since Rowena jumped into the pit that Sam started to look hopeful. "Hopefully I can convince Cas to join you up there in a couple of days."
"The Empty would come for me when I was truly happy. It was angry I got away from it. It wanted revenge."
Castiel sighs, "And you'd be well within your rights to do so. I wouldn't blame you, Dean. I just want you to know that when I rip this, Claire's potion will fail."
Castiel sighs and thinks of the people in his life. Missouri, and Patience, and even strangers like Daphne. He doesn't want them to die, but he also thinks of the booze and the drugs. The vices he has because of what heaven apparently did to him. “I can’t do this.”
Dean chokes on a strawberry, Castiel snorts. Watching as Dean stammers before he gets to his feet. He needs to text Meg and let her know he won’t be home tonight. “I’m going to go to the bathroom, then we can do whatever you want okay. With a whole night ahead you’ve got plenty of options.”
Cooking breakfast is always something Deans has been good at. As a kid, he always enjoyed the bit of normalcy that came with making Sam food. He got good at figuring out how to time the motel toasters just right so it wouldn't burn. He went through a phase where he learnt all the different types of egg styles to impress Sam every morning. Hoping that the wonky smiley face he made, would make Sam happy after weeks of missing their father. Since they found the bunker Deans explored cooking more. He's made breakfast for the other hunters that have passed through its doors. Charlie had even asked him for seconds. He's never cooked for Cas before.
Castiel raises an eyebrow, “Really? Not even for Claire's contract?” Dean keeps his mouth shut, shuffling his feet. He genuinely hadn't thought about doing that, but Castiel is now tempting him on purpose. The smug bastard.
“Yeah, your right,” Dean says, grimacing at the egg yolk on his hand. He moves to the sink washing his hands. For a second he imagines the possibility of domestic bliss from both of them living in the same tight space. He also imagines Cas kicking him out the second he messes up. “What's the worst that could happen in a few days.”
There are twelve missing pieces in total and Dean needs to replace them all before the snow starts. He measures the space left behind, writing the numbers on the back of his hand. It's not the worst he’s ever seen, He still gets chills when he thinks about the refurbishment he at Lisa’s. This is actually fixable. Dean grabs the tarp, pleased to see its wide enough to cover it until he gets fresh lumber to fix it. Nailing it into the beams takes up another few minutes but it's soon time for Dean to face the music.
Dean takes his time re-learning how to use Rufus stove. The kittens weaving in and out between his legs. They're tiny claws scraping over his bare feet. He fed them earlier but the smell of meat cooking has sent them into a frenzy and it's a constant effort not to trip them up. Despite that, he can't stop smiling. He's dreamed of being with Cas for what feels like forever but he never actually believed it would happen. Sure Sam filled his head with hope from time to time, or Cas would look at him in a certain way and Dean would think this is it. But he never thought for a second the world would have stopped trying to end and he'd get to find out what Cas tastes like.
should have pushed to do that scene this morning,” he cries as Dean yanks him close and holds him tight, rocking him gently. “I don’t deserve you, Dean,” he continues, barely audible, into Dean’s shirt.
“Oh, right,” Castiel replies, tapping his own head absently as he steps inside the house, grateful for the blast of warmth that greets him. “You’ll have to excuse me, Dean, I’m still half-asleep.”
“I’m good,” Castiel assures him, to Dean’s obvious relief. He holds out his hand again, and Dean takes it, his smile even wider than before.
Sure, that seems cut and dry “all cops are bad” fodder, but in reality—isn’t there nuance? Doesn’t there
“Cas!” he barked, snapping his fingers to get the angel’s attention, not that it was any kind of effective. “Knock it off.” He turned to Sam and elaborated further with an exasperated gesture and a crooked finger directed at the side of the road up ahead. “He’s popping the goddamn streetlights,” Dean explained. “Cas, what the fuck?”
His upper body jerked back a bit as the weapon fired, and it jumped a bit in his hand, the muzzle pointing at the sky by the time the bullet had exited the chamber. The shell flew over his shoulder, past him and Dean. The bullet itself zipped towards the Pepsi can…
“I’m sure there is,” Castiel replies encouragingly. “Either way, I have something that will get you started. It’s—well, I believe it’s a thank you, of sorts.” He flicks a thumb over the envelope in his hand, the one he pulled from his desk earlier. Hesitating for a second, he holds it out towards Dean. “And a parting gift. From Cain.”
should piss him off, but any day Dean doesn’t have to make excuses to turn down aggressive alphas is honestly a good one. Plus—not that he would admit this to Cas—the possessive-alpha schtick (when applied in extreme moderation and not to make Dean’s choices for him) is kinda hot.
Castiel was far from fragile, even as a human; he was tall and muscled, not bulky, but coiled tight like a spring, usually. It felt like he was falling apart in Sam’s arms, though, getting smaller and looser every moment, his voice shaking and losing coherency. “I’m sorry Sam, I don’t know what’s wrong with me—”
exaggerating. The warm, wonderful presence of Castiel’s body, the sweet sensation of his naked skin stretching all along the length of Dean’s—it’s almost fucking orgasmic. And having those strong, thick arms wrapped around him,
Carefully, he takes stock of his assets. There’s a gun digging into his flank where it’s still holstered on his belt, the other weapons he carried into the sanitarium long gone. His clothes are battered—a grungy linen button-down hangs limply over jeans a size too big that are practically falling off his hips. Besides them, it’s a pair of worn socks and scuffed boots, plus a grey jacket that once belonged to Dean, and that’s all she wrote.
Sam arched a brow at her, his hand finding her arm as if it belonged there. “Is everything okay, Ro? You seem worried.”
on the front step, two police officers flanking her at the hip while her eyes stay trained on her feet. Castiel blinks, hoping to will away the nightmare-apparition between flutters of his eyelids.
When Dean finds Castiel in the kitchen, there’s warmed reconstituted powdered milk waiting for him on top of the breakfast bar. It’s in a mug shaped like a cow, and for whatever reason, that feels particularly incongruous with their current reality. Dean blinks down at the unappetizing offering as Castiel glances up at him from where he’s seated one stool over.
His tears are a mess of various things: anger over his fate, at everything Chuck took from them, at never getting to
She has the decency to hang her head, casting a woeful glance over at Dean before obeying the request. Castiel watches the interaction, the way her look conveys both apology and regret.
The radio clip on his shoulder crackles to life once again and Dean tips his head, prepared to listen to whatever crap news Bobby has to share. But the voice that comes over the line has him pressing a fist to his forehead, eyes pinching shut against the burning pressure behind them. He swallows hard against the lump in his throat and it goes down like needles.
As Dean squints against the bright white curtain marring the view ahead, Castiel begins to get restless at his side. It’s almost as if he can sense Dean’s distress and really—that’s very likely the case.
he thinks, heading for the door, which is up a creaky set of steps. He does his best thinking while intoxicated and he’s human enough to get most of the way there. Why fix what’s not broken, especially now? Presuming the U.S. dollar is still a valid form of currency wherever
Castiel beamed wordlessly back at him, and Dean turned his head to press a kiss to Castiel’s temple, ignoring the way Sam rolled his eyes and shook his head. His grumpiness was a poor cover for the happy smile he gave them both before turning his attention very pointedly to Jack.
“We’re on it,” Sam agreed, stepping back outside. Dean watched as Cas handed over his angel blade to Claire and said something that was too quiet for him to hear before turning to follow Jody further into the building. He could hear the faint sounds of gunfire behind them, presumably Sam attempting to thin the herd so that it couldn’t overwhelm them. He wrestled down the pang of fear and the instinctual drive to go grab Sam and throw him bodily inside the station, to stand up and take his place doing the dangerous dirty work, whatever that might mean.
They spend days on end lost in each other, enjoying every sexual act and position known to man, plus inventing a few new ones along the way.
The first in-person interview Dean went to, the female casting assistant practically drooled all over herself when he walked in the door and most of the questions revolved around the number of partners he’s had and the average length of his relationships (“twelve hours?”). They
“THE IMPALA SAYS GO EASY ON THE GAS, MORON!” Cas roared, then added with a bit less fervour, “Her words, not mine!”
“Sorry,” she apologizes, though her tone is unembarrassed. “Meg called out sick, I’m working a double. Pray it’s quiet so that I can sleep ‘cause I’m all you got tomorrow, too.”
As Dean’s teeth puncture his skin, all matter of sensation crashes over Castiel’s head like a tidal wave, and he can
Less than ten minutes later, Castiel’s lying on his bed, staring at the ceiling and cursing both himself and his entire family. Anna’s expectant look when he came back inside and his mother’s hopeful one had him scowling and making excuses about being tired. They were
Not to mention, seeing Dean do the same was a turn-on. Realizing that Dean would likely do just about any silly thing Castiel proposed if he thought it meant something to him reminded Castiel of why he was
The release of Michael Shield’s next highly-anticipated installment for his fantasy series coincides somewhat accidentally with the fourteenth annual “Enchanted Ink” Tattoo Convention. This is fortunate, since it gives the man behind the pseudonym his first opportunity to promote both of his passions at once, at least since “coming out” officially to the public. To see Dean engaging with both sets of his fans today, you’d never know that he once harbored fear and anxiety about owning his writing and sharing it proudly with his real name attached.
It’s not that Castiel is worried about New Wash accepting Dean and him, that isn’t in question. While he strongly suspects that New Wash’s leadership somewhat prefers Dean and his trigger finger holed up those hundred or so miles north in Chitaqua itself, Chitaqua’s army and Dean’s undisputed, iron-fisted command of it are invaluable to the city itself. New Washington might have walls, but they’re not a delusional bunch. No one wants to make an enemy of Dean Winchester.
curled around each other in Dean’s bed, too. Less than three weeks in and Cas has basically dropped even the pretense of wanting to sleep at his own house. By their one month snuggle-versary, Cas is essentially only dropping by his place for fresh clothes or a video game or more of his super-expensive personal care shit that he’s slowly migrating to the top of Dean’s dresser (and thinks Dean doesn’t notice).
“Cas, buddy,” Dean tries, looking beautifully ruffled but also as bereft as Castiel feels. “You lost me like three exits back. I—you just
Tugging on the Twizzler clamped between her teeth, Charlie narrows her eyes in thought. “I mean, is it possible that’s the case? Eleven years is a long time, dude. And Dean’s had one night stands off and on. Maybe he’s just aromantic.” Sam doesn’t even dignify that with a response, just glares Charlie down over the top of his reading glasses. After all,
For a terrifying minute, Dean lay prone. Castiel scrambled, searching his wrist for a pulse—but then he spluttered, like someone choking on bile and horror, and rolled over to his stomach. Vomiting across the tile, Dean shook wildly, his muscles trembling like they were being shocked. The smell of the grotesquely black and bloodied pool slammed into the back of Castiel’s throat, but he didn’t care.
The three of them stood in a corridor lit from some distance away by an emergency exit sign. Sam checked on Rowena and saw her holding her cut hands away from her body gingerly. She seemed otherwise okay, so he kept his gun pointed low and turned his full attention to their mysterious new friend. He knew Ro could hold her own, even though a voice in the back of his mind screamed out to put himself in front of her.
Later, after unwinding with a sloppily-written poem jotted down hastily in his journal—a promising piece that Castiel resents not having more
It was a relief to see Baby sat waiting for him, sleek and black and so beautifully car shaped. There had been, of course, a tiny part of Dean that was scared she’d somehow reverted over night. But even Bernard, it seemed, wasn’t that mean.
for the entire day, seamlessly integrated with his family, was wonderful. It made Castiel smile to see him focused and working, humming along to the radio as he went about his duties. They
But when it came down to the wire, Dean just couldn’t spit the words out. There was nothing wrong with his setup—hell, Cas was thrilled with it. Tipsy on champagne and elated to have a hot meal in his belly after a long day on the rig with virtually no breaks, Cas had been handsy all throughout dinner. Not just with feeding Dean (which he insisted on), but in general. In fact, they both had been uncharacteristically soft and affectionate with each other, laughing and exchanging kisses and gentle words like a couple of irredeemable saps. Absolutely
Castiel blinked, and very slowly, so much that it took Dean a second to notice, pulled back across the table. “Well, I—I suppose if you see me as something, uh, wholly different, to you, or—”
be Santa," Kenya said harshly, little fists balled up. "Santa'd never be mean as you. My little brother
As far as looks, the traditional cabin exterior of the house isn’t for show. This place is the real deal—hand-cut logs from casement to ceiling, the inside showcasing it too. Beyond the walls, the wooden accents, the custom kitchen table and chairs, even the cabinets all match the blond, knotty logs of the house’s bones. In contrast, the towering fireplace is grey stone, and the wide island in the kitchen has the same aesthetic on three sides.
Smiling stupidly down at his screen, Castiel takes a deep breath and lets it out right as another message comes in.
“Hello,” Castiel says cautiously, and the man’s eyes snap to him, still wild, but clear and somehow focused. It’s a start. “My name is Cas, and I am not with the police. I’m a paramedic. I’m here to help you, to get you out of here safely. Would you like that? To leave?”
only for me. Would there be tear tracks running down your cheeks? I do love when you cry. Think of how jealous they’d be, that they can’t have you. Think of how their eyes would roam over your body, watching me slide in and out of you, watching me stroke your cock, just like this.” The mewling whine Dean lets out when Castiel touches him again is truly pathetic, but Dean can’t care, so lost in Cas’ praise and his appreciation that he can hardly focus on anything but hearing more.
“N-nothing,” Sam said sharply, turning back to his reindeer, with a slightly forced, “Who’s a pretty boy, then?”
Opening his eyes, Dean glances around the enormous stretch of concrete space. He takes everything in, takes inventory of the inmates present, just like he always does. The yard is enclosed by the prison’s wings on three sides, but the fourth is wide open and looks out over the beach and the ocean beyond. The only thing separating the inmates from
Gotta hand it to Cas, the guy really came through on his promises. And sure, Dean would be a lot more confident if Cas was physically by his side, but it’s not like that was ever on the menu. Not for who Dean is and what he has to do. Cas is still
voice pierced straight through the chaos of the arguing men, all three of their mouths snapping shut reflexively in surprise. And, if Dean was being completely (
“I brought you Advil and coffee,” Anna replies smugly, and suddenly, Castiel is much more interested in being a decent human being. He rolls (literally) out of the bed, leaving the covers askew as he shuffles over to the door. Cracking it less than two inches, he peers through suspiciously, unsurprised to find the Three Loud Amigos staring unapologetically back, all smiles.
Without waiting for any reply from Dean, Jack rushed past both him and Castiel to pet Sam’s furry, wide nose. If Dean had any question as to who was inside that antlered head, the bitchface the moose managed to throw Dean would have left him with absolutely
Dean was putty, unable to help himself from rocking forward into the motion. Pressed up to Cas's front as he was, there wasn’t much hiding Dean’s reaction to the scenario, not from Castiel. Breathless moments later, Castiel pulled back, a dark eyebrow creeping upward, a smirk on his lips.
kind of unexpected relief—glass-of-lemonade-on-a-hot-day, blast-of-AC-from-an-open-door, ice-down-the-back-of-your-shirt, heat-index-of-110
It’s Deacon’s turn to snort, rolling his eyes as he badges open the secured door to Tessa’s office. Big, shatterproof glass windows are set into the walls, allowing passersby to see inside the infirmary. It’s empty, save for Tessa, dressed in her white nurse’s uniform and fussing over some instruments on a tray.
They’re not, unfortunately, not today, and as Dean watches Castiel rinse the used rag off in the sink, he regrets it more than he ever has. The lighting is low inside Cas’ space, just a single lamp in the living area casting a dim glow out into the apartment as a whole. It’s quiet as they move around each other so naturally, in routines that have become second nature. This feels domestic, what they’re doing, and every time Dean has to leave or break one of these moments in particular, he worries that it won’t happen again.
With a horrifying groan and the jarring screech of metal on metal, the half-destroyed SUV pulls away from the pole, still smoking and now trailing parts. Dean moves to drive forward, but as soon as he taps the gas, the car is smashed from the right side. The impact sends it up onto its two left wheels where it sways precariously before being knocked once more, this time all the way over onto its side.
“It’s perfectly alright if you don’t like it, or if you want to make changes—nothing is permanent if you don’t wish for it to be.” Cas sounds somewhat hesitant, like he’s concerned Dean isn’t going to like his place.
Dean leaned forward, despite Cas’ hand as it came to rest on his bicep. Close to Bernard’s pinched little munchkin face, their breath mingling, their scowls mirror images of each other, Dean whispered, “Then so be it. Let them come. I’ll be here. I’ll be ready.”
Dean’s eyes drift to the guy in question, and Cas raises an eye questioningly back at him. It’s subtle, but Dean can recognize the quiet worry in his expression. He shakes his head, almost imperceptibly—
Without missing a beat, Meg lifts a hand and catches the attention of their server, ordering drinks for both of them and nailing Castiel’s usual of a double ten-year whiskey, two rocks. He smiles at her gratefully before sighing and sitting back, tacking on a few appetizer orders and sushi rolls, because if he’s doing this, it’s not going to be on an empty stomach. Said stomach twists a little as he thinks about the two abandoned sandwiches still waiting on his countertop.  Castiel hadn’t been able to muscle up the strength to put them away.
That hurts, more than it should, mostly because it hits incredibly close to home. Castiel looks back just as Dean dismounts, dropping to the ground in a controlled crouch, his fingers barely grazing the tips of the grass as he balances on the balls of his feet before standing back up. Running a hand through his sweat-darkened hair, Dean takes off running again and Castiel closes his eyes so that they won’t follow.
“Fine,” he grunts at Cas, in the same breath shoving the door open and into Sam’s side, intentionally rough.
Well, it was settled. Everyone had seemingly decided that this garbage crusade of Cas’ was worthwhile. Crowley had left, Rowena and Sam were on their way out with linked hands and a duffle between them, and Jody was taping a bandage over the stitches, exchanging quiet whispers with Donna.
“Let me guess,” Nurse Mandy says with a smirk. “You were just trying to help sit him up in bed again.”
Anna laughs, head tossed back and one hand resting on her abdomen—she’s glowing. With a groan, she collapses down into where she was settled prior to him showing up—one of the overstuffed chairs framing the library’s picture window. The view beyond is stunning and Castiel takes a moment to admire the sunset reflecting off of the water. Just like every room and balcony in the house, the library looks straight out over the sparking surface of northern Lake Tahoe, plus the foliage and the mountain range surrounding it.
here to surprise Dean with a glass of expensive whiskey, and now he’s regretting it. Castiel supposes he’ll never know what would have happened had he been sitting next to Dean, perhaps with their ankles intertwined beneath the table, when
The air outside feels like it could rival a mountain peak or the ocean’s open waves—cool and refreshing. They’re in a back alley, but really only a few steps over from the main drag where all the action is. Dean inhales deeply and blows it out, stuffing a handful of dollar bills and change into his pocket before foisting the rest off on Benny. “Take it,” he says. “You’ll need every cent—cruises are expensive. Spoil that woman of yours rotten.” He jams a thumb over his shoulder. “I’m gonna head out, do some last-call cruising, see if I can scare up something decent to bring home.”
. The days bleed into weeks and Castiel’s happiness, his sense of contentment and the feeling that he’s exactly where he’s supposed to be only grows.
Dean and Cas slid down the door, their asses hitting the ground in sync. Cas’ hand fumbled up behind him and he locked the door.
“We’ve already gathered the cards,” Claire pointed out, gesturing to the table where their two-hour game had been taking place.
“Yeah, yeah, we know the story,” Dean grunted. “Alright, so, I have to be Christmas’ bitch.” He threw up his hands. “I put on the pounds, I put on the suit, I’ve been to Santa’s Workshop. So I follow through and get everyone their Christmas wishes. It’ll suck, but I was Death for a day once too, can’t be worse than that.”
“Wait,” Castiel stops him, one hand out as he hesitates. “Payment, we didn’t discuss…” He clears his throat. “I’m aware of your going rate, but this particular piece is so much more complicated. You should increase your hourly rate, it’s what I would do.”
Balthazar stops turning and strokes his chin, thoughtful. “It’s just—Cas, the last time we were here, I recall our wings being visible. Was I hallucinating? Did I lay siege to Hell while
As he swallowed the pill and drank slowly--then greedily--she said casually, “I suppose you must’ve taken a wrong turn after the bro-fest this morning. Dean’s in a similar way over in your actual cabin. Although he’s awake now and busy grunting at everyone about being quiet around his headache. I returned from lunch to find you asleep on my bed. You trying to make your boyfriend jealous?”
Castiel’s whole body tingles, and if the shiver from Dean that the next press of their mouths elicits is any clue, he’s not alone. His chest is slightly tight and his breath comes a little short when he says, “In case I wasn’t clear, I’m so
thrilled with the way Claire’s school hasn’t called him in weeks to complain. Not about her behavior, not about her attendance, not about her blatant and unapologetic violations of the dress code.
Dean caught the car key and glanced back at the email abruptly. “Oh, um, Mom invited us to a hunter’s funeral. Greg Keely. Heart attack running from a pack of weres…and you can cut out that self-satisfied look I can feel you trying to slip to Cas. He’s already done his I told you so’s.”
“So glad you two are the experts on what Cas would want,” Dean spat out. “You wanna coddle him? Be my guest. But I’m not gonna be part of it.” He slammed the door, locking the handle and leaning against it.
Dean laughed as he crossed his arms over his chest and Cas glared at him with Angelic grumpiness. “Not Cas. He’s not very good at the whole doing-what-he’s-told thing. Never has been.”
“Death was already dying from that little knick your little human friend gave them. I finished the job, and they are sleeping just like everyone else.
Cas reached over, plucked the phone from his hand, and sighed as he read the text for himself. “We really should join them. If you’re really wanting to see this work, we have to make an effort too. She seems very nice.”
Mary shook her head as she studied the three of them. “How can you three have avoided other hunters so much over the years? You’ve been doing this for decades.”
“No,” Dean and Cas said at once, shaking their heads in unison. Pretending to be hunting buddies was one thing but neither wanted to pretend to be related.
different things. He slid his fingers in, and his pupils almost immediately dilated.  He watched in rapt fascination as Cas laid his head back and dug his top teeth into his bottom lip as he spread his legs wider, resting his hands on his muscular thighs. He gently stroked in and out till his fingers brushed against his prostate. He wasn’t going to make him come this way. Too much stimulation before anal, but he
After the event was over, many were mingling at their cars in the parking lot. Cas and Dean stood leaning against the hood of the Impala, talking softly and leaning toward one another as a soft breeze picked up. Sam stood near Lizzie at her car a few spots down as others began loading up. The dull roar of cars cranking and groups talking softly was the background music of the moment.
“Fair enough I guess,” She glanced back to Cas and Dean, who she watched murmuring quietly in the corner. “They’re truly in love?” She whispered off-hand to Sam, who let out an amused huff.
“You did say that,” Cas spoke with a hint of amusement in his tone. “You’re doing very good, Dean, but since this is
!” Cas said with a strangled groan as Dean immediately and eagerly did what he asked. The sound of flesh slapping violently together made Dean very glad they were alone. “Right
Cas nodded to Dean, pressing a palm to Dean's hand as he turned to Lizzie. “What would you have me do, Lizzie? She has proven that she is a danger to herself and others. Do you know what would have happened had she successfully absorbed Grace? She’d have burned away from the inside out, the Grace eating away at her until she died writhing in agony. Is that what you wish for her? Is that what you want? As for the plans she had for me…” His face hardened and his jaw flexed as he looked to Dean.
“Oh, his bad dream from last night. Must be nice that darkness is the thing that scares him. When you were his age you were screaming about Wendigos and vampires.”
Dena gripped the steering wheel tighter as he sighed. “No, Sam. You don’t get it. It’s nor your fault. I never told you everything he said that night, and I probably never can. It wasn’t meant for you, but…if he hadn’t said what he said, I think I would have just let the world burn. I was
Sam sighed as he settled against the seat. “No, that is definitely not how I’d recommend going about it. What about Adam and Serafina? Two supernatural creatures who hate Chuck as much as we do. Wouldn't they be better equipped to handle this situation than Jody?”
“I know, but you promised me,” Cas murmured sweetly in his ear, his voice a soft whisper as he smiled. Dean groaned again and pulled the pillow away from his face to see him.
!” Cas panted out as she pulled the needle out unceremoniously and walked toward Dean, a trickle of blood sliding down his neck as she turned her back on him.
Dean swallowed, feeling sadness crawl through him and weigh heavily on his shoulders. “Cas wouldn’t mind
“You are kids…” Dean said skeptically under his breath as he took a swig of his beer, trying to find a way out of this conversation.
“Using your Grace to be able to continue making me come. Not sure your Angel buddies would approve,” Dean grinned against his mouth, letting his hand slide down to brush against Cas’ dick.
Delaney refused to look over at him as she read over her notes, cradling the vial in her left hand as she traced through her words with her right pointer finger. “Let’s pretend you’re right. It’s masterless. My spell will make me its master. Witchcraft is so much more than your tiny minds can understand.”
“You’re amazing,” Cas praised as Dean saw him shuffling around to fix his pants and shirt. He assumed he would just use his Grace to clean himself up. “Seeing you in the bed like that makes me want to come home now. I miss you.”
“Why are we up here?” Dean cut straight to the point as he crossed his arms over his chest, feeling exposed even though there was no one around except them and the late afternoon sky.
A new voice breezed through him, a cool wind to his burning rage. A voice he’d know anywhere. Cas. They’d had this conversation before.
doof. And he’s gone…" Sadly the smile didn't last as the weight of his guilt fell around his shoulders again, like a suffocating fog. "...and I can blame Jack all I want but
“It does not come without risks,” he said softly. “I’ve done it successfully, but you need to know it could leave her an empty shell…I have personally left humans as empty shells that were trying to hurt those I love.”
“This is what you asked for, Dean!” Cas yells finally showing some emotion so Dean can’t even blame this decision on an emotionless reboot. Like what happened in Pontiac. “No paradise. No Hell. Just more of the same.”
Dean puts another finger in, stretching himself as he arches into Cas’s hand. “Fuck tighter - please,” he begs, strung out on Cas’s heady gaze. Cas listens to him, pumping Dean’s cock tight and slow.
"Hit the nail right on the head," Dean admits, he shouldn't be surprised Castiel figured it out. A man in his profession ought to know what a soul was worth. "I was fourteen at the time of the accident and it wasn't long after that when Dad met Azazel."
Biting his tongue Dean holds out his hand. “Nice to meet you. My name is Dean Winchester and this my charge Claire Novak.”
“Because Gabe if Raphael finds out I made a deal I’d lose my job,” Dean says pointing out the obvious.
"Hey Cas," Dean swallows at the words, his face heating up. It’s been far too long since he heard those words. "Just give me a second to set up, once I get a look around and see what's going on up there, I'll have it fixed in no time."
Castiel flushes with rage, his eyes sparkling red. If he tries to pull that compulsion bullshit again Deans going to deck him.
“God no,” Dean says shocked by the anger in his baby brothers voice. It's easy to forget that Sam can be scary sometimes. “We had a fight a few weeks ago and it brought up some things, my demon hating for example and we worked through it. I’d go as far as to say we became friends.”
Getting to his feet Castiel deals with the trash and tries not to look too at the rejection letter on the table. That's the reason he's in this position in the first place.
Cas groans, his hips speeding up as he chases his own release. Prolonging Deans orgasm until he spills hot and wet inside him with a sigh. Dean moans at the feeling, pulling Cas close and kisses his sweaty forehead. "I think you've learnt the basics," Dean says into his hair when he finally catches his breath.
"C' mon I'll take you, Dean needs to talk with your mother," Castiel says, offering the boy his hand. When Jack looks at him, his intelligent eyes are almost as piercing as his mothers. Dean wonders if he interrupted on purpose.
"Fine. I'll get my stuff from your apartment this week since you're already gone." She sighs again. She doesn’t even sound mad anymore, just exhausted. Dean wishes that things were different. He wishes that he loved her. That he was capable of being anything other than a corporate machine, but he doesn’t have it in him. He's tried and failed too many times. "Goodbye, Dean."
Welp its been a while. I'm sorry about that, Christmas is a wild time that continues into January for me. I'm just glad I got to write anything seasonal at all but that fun ficlet is probably why this is late. On the plus side I was legit crying while writing this chapter so buckle up buttercups.
"Does that mean you're staying for the whole weekend?" Cas asks, avoiding Dean’s eye as he adds in the sauce.
"Well, you should ask Mr Lightbringer that yourself when he's on the stand Castiel. Instead of badgering this witness." Crowley snaps his face red. Dean barely stops from snorting when Castiel raises an eyebrow at his rival.
"I'll be right there." He says hanging up. He stares at the blank screen for who knows how long before he throws off his blankets. Cas is missing. Cas is missing and Dean doesn't know what to do.
So Dean never tried to put down roots as a kid. John lived on the road. Dragging his two kids along on an endless road-trip, so he'd never hurt again. John never made any friends and Dean always wanted to be just like his father. Besides, he loved the open road. He loved going somewhere new, even if Sam bitched about missing his teachers or his friends. He didn’t do the detachment thing, not like Dean and John did, but maybe that was for the best. Of the two of them, Sam handled John’s death a lot better than Dean did. Dean resented John for dying. He hated him for leaving Dean with a busted-up car and a godfather determined raise then under one roof. Dean wasn't built for a steady home or people getting in his way. He was made to be alone—or so he thought.
“Look Castiel - Cas.” Dean pleads, eyes wide. “There’s a war going on, and one of the worst demons to ever crawl outta the pit wants Heaven for herself.”
"Yes, well you see daddy dearest never cared about the law." She says sounding remarkably unaffected. Sarcastic even. Deans saw this kind of front before. It’s a mask he wore often when he was living with John. Looking at her is like looking in a mirror. Bela grins as if she can tell. "My father doesn't have a soul you see. He doesn't care about much these days."
“No more!” Bela roars, jerking in the chair. Sweat dripping down her face, she closes her eyes turning the image to black. Dean's hands are shaking. Rowena looks stony-faced but there are tears in her eyes. Sams's fists are clenched with rage, his copper grace a burning light. Out of all of them, Gabriel remains the most unaffected. A golden statue compared to Bela's pain.
"I guess we will," Castiel says kissing Dean on the street. Dean smiles into his mouth, relaxing for the first time in weeks. It turns out making deals is kind of awesome when Castiel is involved. Dean can't wait to make some more.
The thing about Castiel's job is that the punishment is supposed to match the crime. Or at least that's what he always thought as a young, carefree rookie. Now though, as he's staring down a stack of paperwork large enough to make a grown man cry, he begins to question that sentiment.
Dean raises an eyebrow, staring Castiel down. He swallows hard, face flushed. Finally dropping Deans hand. "I'd like that," Dean says, grinning.
“No,” Dean says hastily, Castiel glares at him. “I didn't get that far down, okay? It's a family thing.”
Dean swallows, hearing a ringing in his ears. A phantom metallic taste lingers in the back of his tongue like fresh blood and dead roses. "You don't think?"
"Yeah well there should have been no way for Fergus Crowley to give up that trading ring, but you got that info and left him crying over his mommy issues, so…” Kevin shrugs as he passes Dean over a condom packet. "I guess we'll see what happens."
“Great, let's get started.” He says leaning forward. Suddenly rearing to go, whatever way Dean wants him.
"What kind of deal?" Dean asks his voice shaking. He realises far too late that it's not anger he's feeling. It's fear.
Cas doesn't smile just touches Dean's forehead tenderly. White-hot grace caresses Dean's insides, feeling hotter and more soothing than it's ever felt before. Tilting his head Cas drops his hand and says, “I'm better than that.”
“Sit down,” Castiel says, suddenly no-nonsense. Dean obeys him without hesitation, facing Castiel from across the desk. “Now I assume your client hasn't lost her soul just yet or else she’d be sent to the cage and therefore none of your concern.”
“Yes,” she says, content with Sam's arm wrapped around her waist. “Meg is casting a weather spell now so it should be clear enough to see the lights tonight and tomorrow.”
Cas nods. Still not looking at Dean, a neon blue motel sign shines on him. “With Michael in the Cage, I'm sure it's total anarchy up there.”
Cas sighs, “Unfortunately, Sam wasn't that bad since he was only keeping watch - but Gabe got expelled.”
Castiel raises his eyebrow at that one, noticing the black staining his teeth. He wonders how much it pays to be a hypocrite these days? He walks away as a group of tourists breaks through the tape. Taking pictures of the body and the cops like it’s a scene from CSI. God, this city is a fucking mess.
Closing his eyes, Castiel takes a steadying breath. There’s so much he’s learned tonight that’s terrifying, but there’s also Dean, who hunts those terrifying things and is currently gently stroking his chin. “If you say so,” Castiel says, opening his eyes. He kisses Dean's thumb, then turns and opens the bathroom door, refusing to look at Dean until he's got the water in his shower running, nice and hot without distraction.
"I don't know if he was a legit lawyer or just some demon who knew what he was doing but he made deals with dad all the time. He tried different things. Memory spells, potions to lessen the pain, practically spent everything we had. Azazel had him hooked. Dad was so sure he could help and when the guy took everything we owned. That was when he offered the final contract."
Cas lifts his hands off Dean's dick. Just in time, as a valet appears at their sides. “Good evening, Mr Smith. Will you be using the car any more tonight?"
Okay so I’m sorry to all those waiting on a SOS update it’s probably going to be up on Wednesday. I know I let you all on a massive cliffhanger but I have a massive uni deadline this week and I’m just working on that and not giving what’s going to be a massive chapter my full attention I’m trying but it’s just now working. I’m too stressed with this deadline.
Castiel shrugs, circling Deans rim with one of his slicked-up fingers. "She was a save herself till marriage type," he says, slowly sinking one finger into Dean. Dean sighs, relaxing around the intrusion, it has been a while since he did this. But it still burns just as good as Dean remembers. Castiel raises a smug eyebrow. "Which is a good thing because I planned on fleeing the country before I ever had sex with a woman."
Looking smug about it Castiel grabs Dean's hand and drags him into to his bedroom only to stop at the last second. “Cerberus,” Castiel says, shocked that his giant dog is on his bed. “Out please.” Cerberus gets up, whining a little as he walks past them. Castiel pats his head before the dog heads down the hall.
He glances over at Bela and he knows right then he's going to fight to make her his charge. She needs someone in her corner just as badly as Claire did. And while Bela will never replace her, Dean finally gets why Hannah was so desperate for him to move on. There's too many fucked up kids and Dean needs to have their backs so eventually the world will get better.
"Sam didn't have the powers of a God Dean. If his soul was intact, I know Jack would have understood where you were coming from."
"Jack could do it." Amara interrupts. She doesn't look very happy to see Dean holding hands with someone else. But Deans too worked up to give a shit about what she thinks. "Theoretically. If Castiel wakes him up, Jack should be able to get you both out of there." Amara says, biting her lip.
"It’s one of the many ways to write my name in Enochian. It should allow the Empty to know who's calling it. Although I haven't had a lot of success."
He starts passing Cas up some paint buckets. Shaking his head when he finds the kittens sitting in the paint tray.
Patience sighs, "They're still going too fast," she groans rubbing her temples with her spare hand. "I can't tell if my Grandmas pissed off or excited."
say things like that and then come in his pants. Dean wants this to be good for him. He wants this moment to be worth pissing around for ten years.
"Or I could go with you to Bobby's, give Cas his space." He says heading straight for the coffee machine.
Dean groans, “Cas that thing may have almost killed you but with other people, it's succeeded. It's my job to be sure that doesn't happen to you as well.”
Dean groans, because feeling desperation for your child is something Dean understands. Hell, it’s the entire reason Deans even in this situation in the first place. It's actually kind of funny. Dean made the deal to protect Claire and Castiel damaged the deal to save Jack. It makes perfect sense. But Castiel just admitted he doesn't need a contract to manipulate people. And Deans got decades of fear swimming in his gut.
Castiel doesn't even acknowledge him. “For now, anyway.” He says, straightening his tie and pulling on a grey jacket. The grey and blue make his eyes shine. His horns and tail; a dark and alluring contrast. Dean can't decide if he wants to punch the smug smirk on his face or kiss it off instead.
"Oh, baby you have no idea," Dean says, kissing Castiel’s neck and reaches his tail. Wrapping his fist around it Dean tugs harshly shoving Castiel down deeper onto his hand. Castiel yells, "Holy Hell Dean!"
Holding her hand Dean weaves his grace into her skin. Soothing her headache and watching as her shoulders loosen. "It will take some time." He promises her pulling away.
"You don't sound like you're a big fan of the homeland their comrade," Dean says observationally. Castiel tenses, it’s subtle, most untrained men would have missed it but its Deans job to read people.
“No Bela’s still got her soul,' Dean says when suddenly an awful thought occurs to him. "Although we don't know if her father keels over if it's going to change that situation.”
“Puppy hellhounds have a lot of energy,” Castiel says. Smiling at his enormous hellhound the way most people look at actual babies.
“It must be some kind of a cloaking spell,” Rowena says reaching into her carpetbag to pull out a bowl and dozens of vials. “Give me a moment.”
Dean ends up becoming a bit too absorbed in his research. He almost misses his office phone ringing. Picking it up, Dean swallows his dread as Nancy tells him Claire’s here and is at the contract room. Sighing, Dean shuts down his computer and grabs his cloaking charm from his desk before he leaves. He doesn’t want Claire to see the way his wings fall when he lets her go.
Cas, of course, raises an eyebrow at the request but keeps his mouth shut. Dean imagines he's not used to this kind of treatment. Dean doesn't usually dole it out either, but he's in the mood to pretend. Just for a night. That he isn’t the corporate robot but the romantic he keeps buried beneath it.
“Oh, awesome,” Dean says, moving around so he can lean against Cas’s shoulder, ignoring the butterflies in his stomach. Cas couldn't know that situations like this are exactly how he spends his Halloweens. So he says nothing as he cuddles up against Cas’s side to see the screen, trying to pretend that Cas isn't kind of perfect.
“Confidentiality only lasts so long when Cas has my whiskey,” Kelly says fighting a smile. “Especially when he's pissed off at bigotry.”
Cas laughs brokenly. It's an awful sound. "I don't know. If you had killed Jack, I don't think I could have ever forgiven you." He sighs, "But I almost killed Sam once and you forgave me."
Sure he has his phone and he finally caved and downloaded that zoom thing Charlie was bugging him about, but it's not the same as having someone here. Every five minutes, Dean feels like setting the old barns on fire and hitting the road. But he stays, waiting for this goddamn thing to be over so he can be free again.
as quickly as it came. The potential was there, Dean knows it was. He's not even surprised Sam could pick up on it. Dean had always
Cas sighs as he places his hands on Deans shoulders. "Dean, no one knows your face around here. You're fine."
"Meg please tell me you didn't spend all our rent money on drugs?" Castiel asks desperately, trying not to shake her. He loves her like family, but she's so reckless sometimes.
Blushing harder, the guy looks down at the ground again -- and if Castiel wasn’t slightly horrified by him, he’d probably find the gesture adorable.
“Four?” Dean asks, shocked. He knows he arrived at Cas’s place around 10 am. Dean hardly ever sleeps that long, not unless he's in Sam's where he knows it's safe. Dean's always on his guard, even at Bobby’s. So he shouldn't feel that relaxed in Cas’s home.
Dean swallows hard, Castiel’s remark is almost in line with his thoughts from the other day. And here Dean thought they had moved past this whole Deans a speciest asshole bit last night.
Virgil steps up to it and summons his blade as he finishes the spell. Dean flinches when the cord is cut but Claire screams, sharp and mournful. He doesn't reach out to comfort her. Virgil's still watching and legally Dean's no longer obligated to help her.
Castiel shrugs, doubting him once again. He just won’t know for sure if Dean's being truthful or not till he runs his prints. “You need to get your picture taking first.”
Honestly, concealment charms are a better blessing than whatever magic Dean whips up. Because seriously, no one wants to drag 6ft appendages onto the bus. He shuffles through his morning routine, like a kid getting ready for his first day of school. Donning his jumpsuit with the kind of dread he normally receives for emergency cases. He barely remembers to grab his duffle with his actual work clothes before taking to the balcony. Before climbs on his balcony ledge. The only reason Dean agreed to buy this place. Because Deans wings are only good for one thing, flying. Large and cumbersome as they may be, Dean is fast and agile when he takes to the sky. And he loves it. There's nothing more freeing than soaring through the air. But this morning Dean just feels weighed down by the pit in his stomach.
He tries not to panic. Cas could have gotten called into work. But Dean had his truck. And the Impala is still parked where Dean left her. Cas would have said something if there was a monster in the woods. But it’s possible something grabbed him that he didn't know about. Chuck could have fucking come back and got him for Christ’s sake. Dean forces himself to breathe, refusing to spiral as he pulls out his phone to call the bastard. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees a light coming from the basement.
“Salt?!” Castiel yells back, failing to see how a fucking condiment is going to help him this situation. The ghost moves forward, cold hands grasping at Castiel's shoulders. It lifts him up against the wall. Just barely close enough to grasp Dean's duffel bag from the desk.
“What kind of work?” Dean asks narrowing his eyes. The term work could mean a lot of things, especially in contract law.
“You know as well as I do our contract becomes moot in a courthouse. The accords ensure no one can speak if they are pressured into giving a testimony. Not to mention the fact, that there's a truth spell that's woven into the oaths. You literally can't lie up there. I can't make you say whatever I want so Kelly can win.”
"Forget about what you should or shouldn't do for a second." Dean sighs, slumping into his seat. "Do you want to come upstairs with me?"
Cas’s grin widens. "I missed you too," he says, his eyes locked with Dean’s. Dean stares back, entranced by him. He hasn't felt this content in a long time. Even as the pasta starts to bubble aggressively. Cas jumps, looking away to lift the pot off the stove with his bare hands.
Castiel laughs shoving Dean away so he can go get the food. When Dean places it on the table he looks at the pizza with almost as much desire as he looks at Dean. From the other side of the table, Dean hears his stomach rumble.
The cemetery gates are unsurprisingly padlocked tight. Dean kneels and pulls a lock-picking kit out of his boot. Castiel shakes his head unsurprised, “What about your brother?”
"I got a message from my boss this morning," Cas says scratching the back of his head and ruffling his hair. Cas's hair has always been a bit fucked up but it's still weird to see Cas with a genuine bedhead. Dean's fingers itch to fix it. He drinks more coffee instead. "One of the drivers is sick, and she needs me to cover. So I won't be able to help you today."
Dean raises an eyebrow at the nickname. He never thought Castiel would ever relax enough to accept something like that. “I thought Castiel was all about confidentiality.”
Dean sighs, “Yeah, that's exactly it, too bad I got arrested.” Castiel laughs and Dean grins softly, not meeting Castiel’s eye.
"I'll meet you there," Dean says, biting his lip. He's not ready to leave Cas just yet but Sam needs him.
“Maybe he was trying to fix you." Dean shrugs, "I mean he did rebuild you, maybe he was trying to make you follow his plans or something. I don’t know Cas, it's just a theory."
Deans about to ask when the spot beside Sam flashes, Eileen ghost appearing from the veil. Cas steps forward to fight only too stop when Dean grabs his shoulder. "It’s okay Cas, it’s just Eileen."
we could make it work. Sam and Jack can have their own nerdy space and I can keep you here all to myself."
Dean swallows as Cas puts the notebook down and turns in Deans arms to look up at him. "I'm very glad it was me that found you down there."
"Okay, your right, I’m sorry. But don’t worry Clarence, we'll be fine. Balthazar keeps bugging me about you. I had to distract him with something before he tried to scout you again." She sighs, walking down the Boulevard with a sway in her hips." You ever think we should just give up and give in to him? He’s  really into you."
Suddenly the farmhouse comes alive. The lights above his head flicker on, then off, then on again like some kinda fucked up rave. The TV comes to life, a news report about a meteor shower playing for a brief second before it's eaten by static. The disconnected rotary starts to ring. Even Dean’s Walkman comes to life to sing about a house in New Orleans.
"It's just weird okay," Sam says, taking the second mug from Cas and clutching like it's his last hope of sanity. "I'm happy with you, but your both family and its strange okay."
Castiel picks up the envelope, counting the money inside like he does with everyone. Daphne watches him cautiously, only once he's sure she's giving him the full $200 does he look up. “Follow me.” he says parting the beaded curtain. She gives him a strange look, delicately ducking under his arm into his reading room, hidden from outside eyes. Castiel watches her as she enters, noting her expensive raincoat and elegant haircut. She doesn't fit in with the purple walls and novelty psychic posters, and from the way she watches him, she knows it.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. There's only one way a demon could have a spell but it's not cheap. “Some demons Claire, some. Usually, incredibly skilled ones can create things that don't exist. But they're usually expensive as fuck. I tried to get a guy, Fergus something to do this for you years ago. But his price was well over what our office could afford. That's why I'm freaking out. Either this guy is a fraud or he's asking for something huge off you.”
“Yeah,” Dean sighs, gently grabbing Castiel's chin. “They're pretty rare though, you don’t have to worry about them.”
Dean is a simple man of simple tastes. He likes burgers and pie; he isn't picky about his beer and he likes pretty girls and strong guys.
Trembling, he starts towards the desk. He could tell Nancy what he saw. Maybe she’d even believe him, but he also knows that’d she’d be terrified. Dean on the other hand, despite being a liar and criminal; is the owner of the ring; bears the same oval mark and oddly believes in ghosts. Somehow Castiel doesn't think that's a coincidence. By the time he reaches the desk, he's made his decision. “I'm fine Nance. I just tripped,” he says smiling falsely.
Meg would say he's being unrealistic anyway. Which is why he hasn't told her yet that he's looking at colleges. He knows he won't be able to ignore the heartbreak if she tries to comfort him. He figures Megs already worked it out. She's always been way smarter than anyone would assume at first glance. If she ever got clean Castiel has no doubt she would do something amazing. But it's not his place to lecture her, not when he's just as much of a mess.
"What if you can't get out." He says, his voice shaking. Dean barely reacts as a tear runs down his face. He can't even think about losing Cas without getting upset.
Dean downs the cup placing it on his locker before scrabbling of the bed. Castiel starts getting dressed as Dean runs into the bathroom. Where he takes the quickest off all showers. Scrubbing of the sweat and last night’s come from his skin. “There’s a spare toothbrush under the sink!” He yells over the spray.
Dean shrugs innocently, “Sometimes.” Castiel sighs in despair, forgetting firing him for flirting. If Jody found out who he was helping he’d be lucky not to end up in a cell himself.
Stepping behind Doug at the desk, Castiel stares at the side of the prisoners face. The guy looks over, catching Castiel's eye just briefly. It’s enough for Castiel to notice the green of his eyes. Getting just a glimpse of dirt under his cheek before the guy looks down at his feet, seemingly flustered.
“Yeah, I mean Bobby's not exactly young anymore  so he's more of a network for other hunters at this point, helps us with research, pretends to be our boss in the FBI that kind of thing.”
Jody's home is large and warm. Dean has pleasant memories of playing monopoly on the floor in front go her of her couch and watching awkward safe-sex conversations happen over her dining room table. She's been a good mom to Claire and Alex, the peak of the foster system. When she sees Bela for the first time outside of prison gear she practically beams.
Dean swallows, thinking about Cas in the barn makes him feel sick. He was so close to losing him. Dean had barely paid attention to what Cas was saying. To busy trying to work out ways to save him but he remembers Cas rasping out an "I love you at some point." He assumed it meant he loved all the Winchesters equally at the time but now. Now he might not be so sure.
He never actually learned to drive any of his dad’s old beauties. That was always Jo's thing. But he's not going to tell Crowley that. He'll take the keys back without question and Dean needs to get out of here. He's already looking like he's going to blow a gasket thanks to that quip. Dean gets into the driver’s seat before Crowley changes his mind.
It's a Friday when Bela gets her official pardon. Alistair is being sent to the cage. Deans present when she reads the letter and he hug's her through her tears. "You did good kid." He promises into her hair.
Cas sighs, "I saw the letter and it brought back how I felt at the time. I kept thinking about how you'd react and what you'd say. I ran before you could find out, maybe that was stupid of me."
Castiel chuckles and leans against the countertop. His elegant fingers working on his shirt buttons. Dean tells himself that his staring is a fearsome glare. Even as he licks his lips at the gesture.
“I don't know if he can forgive me for this Sammy," Dean admits. He never told Sam the specifics of what he said. At first he tried to play it off like Cas
Sighing Dean spreads his wings wide. He pushes his goggles down and reaches over his back to check if the buttons of his wing slits are secure. His stomach turning as he looks over the edge, not from vertigo, but dread. Castiel could ask him to do practically anything and Dean will have to do it because he'd do anything for Claire. The anticipation of what Castiel fucking wants is killing him. But just like yesterday Dean has no other choice than to take the plunge and dive straight in.
Sirens start to flash, red lights warning the night guard that there's a robbery in progress. Dean doesn't care. He shakes the glass of his hand and grabs the letter. "Where's the nearest exit?" Dean asks Charlie, carefully placing the letter in his inside pocket.
Scratching the back of his neck, Dean chuckles. "You know me too well." He admits, entering the house and heading in the opposite direction from them. He knows the corridors well, his photos even on some of the walls, Claire usually beside him. Standing outside her door, he takes a deep breath before knocking. He hopes she's still not mad at him.
“That was Eileen's idea. She wanted to honor that moment we met somehow, so we used our house colors as the main theme - but merged them together; pairing silver and red, and green and gold together instead, to show us coming together.”
I can't tell either. Though Sam's right about you eating vegetables every now and then. I no longer have my grace to fix your colostral."
The Impala kicks up dust, her engine roaring as Dean slams his bleeding heels down on the pedals. Desperate to get away from whatever the fuck that was.
Dean blinks up at Cas from where he's slumped on the couch, watching the snow melt on the window. "I was listening to that." He says still frowning from how useless he's starting to feel. He thought he'd love a vacation with Cas but now that he knows the worlds ending it's impossible to ignore.
If Dean had grown up with John, if he’d followed in his father’s footsteps, there's a chance he wouldn’t ache the way he does now. But Bobby had gotten under Dean’s skin. He taught Dean to open up and make friends. He shaped Dean into the chatterbox he is now. Bobby was always there for him; he even understood Dean's love of the road. He taught Dean how to fix the car his father had died in and he watched, proud as anything, when Dean drove her away.
Dean sighs, rubbing his head as he sits up beside Cas. His pants falling around his ankles. He shakes them off. Following Cas into the bathroom. Where the impatient bastard has already turned on the shower. Deans so in love with him it hurts. He wraps his arms around Cas's thick waist, kissing the back of his neck. "I had no idea you were this beefy under the trench coat."
"It means that if you hadn't assumed the worst of me and frankly every demon ever. Maybe you wouldn't have taken Claire's position in the first place."
"I thought you weren't a morning person," Cas says. His arms tighten around Deans waist as he slumps against Dean's back.
Cas laughs. “Good to know,” he says as Garth starts to take down the ladder and walks further down the hallway, laughing.
"I want to fix my own place, Dean," Cas says gruffly, even as Dean shakes his head. He won't let Cas near anything until its clear. The guy may be older than dirt but it's terrifying how new he is to all of this human crap. Dean doesn’t know if he still carries any angelic immunity. But he doesn’t want to drag Cas to the nearest hospital when he gets sick.
“Scary,” Bela says starting to shake, her breath coming in pants. On the wall, images start to appear.
"Okay," Castiel says, kissing Dean softly. Then kissing him again just because. "You do know most of those movies we're on Netflix, right?"
Still, he gets why Hannah advised against him becoming a Guardian all those years ago. She had warned him that it would be too hard and tried to push him towards the social work aspect instead. Saying his empathetic nature was better suited towards CPS cases, not Guardianship. He was always good at figuring out the problems in kids’ homes. Wouldn't he rather continue to consult on those cases? Instead of dealing with the responsibility of a child's life?
"Yeah, well, we all know I have the best ass on the west coast if you ever change your mind," Dean says playing into the persona he’s built up over the years. It's not like Jamie's fault he just got dumped. At least he actually got to talk to her in person when she ended things. "Tell me something Jamie, when we were together, did you talk to my secretary more than me?"
A small flush darkens the man's cheeks clashing adorably against his red tie. "Ah - no," He says in a honeyed drawl. Castiel licks his lips drawing the man's attention to his mouth. "But could you give me directions to Beverly Hills?"
Castiel groans, his tail wrapping around Dean's leg to keep it in place. It shouldn't be as hot as it is but Dean likes the idea of Castiel restraining him a little too much. Grabbing Dean's ass, Castiel rolls their hips together as Dean pants and whines. His jeans are impossibly tight. “If we’re going to do this we should get naked,” Dean says, pulling his leg only to groan when Castiels tail tightens.
It’s five minutes to midnight when Dean presses hard on the gas and passes through Indiana. He doesn’t think about the promise he’s breaking right now because it probably doesn’t count anymore. Sam said to leave him alone if he went to Hell - to live an apple pie life with Lisa and Ben like it’s that simple. And, maybe if the world was saved, it would be possible. But, considering the fact Sam is now a puppet for the devil, Dean is choosing to believe the promise is now void. If the world is ending, he wants to spend it trying to bring Sammy back, not faking happiness with a woman that probably won’t want his damaged ass anyway.
"But since you were so eager to see me that you broke the speed limit, I figure I can give you the key to my place.” Dean can feel the heat of Cas's glare even through the aviators, it makes him want to squirm. Cas was already hot in his uniform, without adding those things into the equation.
Dean sighs, scratching the side of his perfectly styled hair. “Well, I mean I don't know if Xanna count as existing per say but…” Castiel shakes his head, his laughter going silent and borderline hysterical with each word Dean says.
"Dean- '' Cas moans, his fingers brushing over Dean's jaw as Dean lets the pendant go. Cas replaces it with his tongue kissing Dean fiercely as he grinds against Dean's hip. Dean sighs into it and starts pushing at Cas's pants and realises that he’s been going commando all morning.
“No! I'm not getting arrested for contempt of court for our deal Castiel!” Dean yells suddenly pissed as hell. Here he was trying to make nice with the demon and now Castiel wants to tank his career. “I could lose my job for having a fucking deal with you in the first place, you want me to show that off on the stand.”
"Yes. I was almost finished but then you moved," He pokes Dean with the pencil. "And now it's not going to look right."
Besides he’d prefer to nap when Cas isn't here. That way he can do way more interesting things to the man when he's actually awake. Stepping into Cas’s room and seeing the unmade bed just makes both ideas seem more appealing, especially when he chucks his jeans and boots to crawl under the covers. He can smell the scent of cas' skin and citrusy aftershave against the sheets. He's still breathing it in when he falls asleep.
“Dagon?” Dean says remembering the name from last month’s news. “Wasn’t she that demon who kidnapped kids?”
Dean stares down at the hand, then back into the guy's blues eyes. His brain is shot to shit. Somehow all his wounds are healed, and there's an alien in front of him. Dean can't process that. He can't process anything, but he thinks the alien wants to shake his hand. “Castiel?”
"Shit," He gasps avoiding looking at Castiel directly. "I'll be honest, I don't know. I guess I'm tired of dancing around. I had fun the other night and I think you did too, otherwise, you wouldn't be here."
Dean wants to ask, but he thinks of that empty bottle of whiskey. The stiff way Cas is walking and the dark circles under his eyes. He's hungover, Dean can see that now. Hungover and probably prissy. Dean doesn’t want to get kicked out because he’s being pushy. He hasn't earned the right to ask Cas what’s he's up to. Even though he wants too. Cas has to let Dean in this time. Dean can't come at him like a battering ram and keep hoping for a warm reception. He purposely ignores the table, pointing at the ladder against the wall.
"Fuck I want you," Dean says, squeezing Cas's bare ass in his hands. Cas moans pulling away to shove off his pants completely. Dean licks his lips, staring at Cas's thick cock and shivers inside. He can't fucking wait to get that in him.
"Did it ever occur to you Dean that maybe if you hadn't been such a speciesist piece of shit. With an angelic sized superiority complex, you wouldn't even be in this mess in the first place?" Castiel asks through gritted teeth, he sounds pissed as hell.
Dean swallows roughly. "Demons glare at me less, Cas," He says, rubbing a hand through his hair. Cas rolls his eyes. "Time’s ‘it anyway?"
Sam blinks at the doorway, Rowena still chanting behind them. Her gaze is wary. "There you go pet," She says placing her hand on Bela's shoulders. "You should rest, Dean would you be a dear and take Bela to an on-call room. Sam and I will check in to see what Gabriel’s up too."
Rowena does, then reaches out her palms to Bela. “Come, dear,” she says, her accent lilting with power. The swish of her red ceremonial dress made hypnotic as she moves. “Sit here and concentrate this won’t take long.”
Benny was a vampire, like them. He spoke in a southern drawl and captivated Dean from the very beginning. But Benny had gotten bored with him after a measly thirty years together. Immortality, Dean discovered, doesn't guarantee forever.
Leaning with his arms against the window frame Castiel gives his best flirty smile. Blinking in surprise at the guy's handsome face and bright green eyes. "Hey, stud, you lookin' for a date?"
Bela surprisingly smiles at that, looking behind Jody's shoulder to see if she can get a glimpse of Jody's hoard of wayward girls. Dean wonders how long it's been since she's been able to relax with kids her own age. Disturbingly the answers probably never. "If you want to follow me, I can show you to your room," Jody says, grabbing one of Bela's bags out of Deans hand.
Castiel kisses Dean sweetly as his panting gets harsher. Dean reaches down with his other hand. Fisting Castiel’s dick and matching their slow pace. Castiels eyes roll back with rapture. They come within seconds of each other, holding hands the whole time. If Dean didn't know any better, he would say they just made love. The thought keeps him up long after Castiel falls asleep on his chest.
It’s the joy of their schedules that the second Deans class goes on Christmas break Castiel is working non-stop overtime. Christmas time in a bar means facing the hell of everyone doing the twelve pubs. He’s barely awake most days, dragging his feet from shift to shift.
Since then he appears at seemingly random to ask about cases. Popping up like a whack a mole that's determined to gank monsters. Dean gets it. He does. The bunker can be stifling. But Dean is still not giving Cas his keys back until the scar on his side has completely disappeared. Unfortunately, his refusal had led to some dumb fight where Dean stupidly said. "You're not strong enough to hunt alone Cas." And the fucker is taking it as a challenge. Cas seems determined to prove he's a capable angelic warrior once again. With all the subtlety of a two-by-four to the head.
Cas has always been slightly insane. He's a risk-taker and despite being a kinda nerdy guy. He's an infamous rebel for a reason. No one sane would think the best way to get rid of angels is a bit of self-mutilation for surprise attacks. No one sane decides to throw a Molotov cocktail at archangels. Really the deal he made with the Empty isn't all that surprising as it is suicidally stupid. Like all of Cas's ideas. Because of all things that is the biggest trait they have in common. So, it really shouldn’t surprise Dean when the second Amara enters the cabin, she winds up with Cas's knife embedded in her chest. Because of course Castiel in all his insanity, thought throwing a sword at God's sister was a good idea.
"I have been sleeping on a twenty-year-old couch with a bar digging into my ass while you had memory foam!" Dean whines, settling into the bed. His spine sighing in relief.
Dean breathes out a laugh, "Dean, if we're doing this, please call me Dean instead of that Mr Smith, crap."
“You don't pine for your brother, Dean,” Sarah says and Dean groans. “Besides, I know you never turn down attractive waitresses because ‘you're not feeling it’ unless you're into someone.”
“Thanks, man,” Dean says, handing his bag over before following Sam to the entrance. Looking back, he sees Cas wave before speaking to Eileen again. Dean sighs. Cas, outside of being gorgeous, seems kind and genuine and it’s just too bad Dean can’t even try and do anything about it. Not at Sam's wedding, anyway. It doesn't matter that Cas the first person to make his heart actually flutter in years. He’s not gonna embarrass himself, or his brother, like that. Hell, it’s not like Cas will ever be interested in a squib like him anyway. It’ll be easier if he just ignores him altogether - his heart won’t get broken that, way at least.
Castiel smiles softly as the coffee machine hisses behind him. His hairs sticking up more than usual. Practically upright against his horns. There’s a pillow crease on his face as walks over to the bed, handing Dean over a cup of coffee. “You had no milk so I’m assuming you take it black,” Castiel says, his voice rough with sleep.
Spice watches him curiously as he puts on two of Cas's sweaters before stepping outside. The little kittens big blue eyes looking up at him from beneath the bed. She seems to have gotten over whatever animosity harboured towards him. Sometimes she even allows Dean to rub under her chin after he's fed her. Deans not sure if it's the fact that he probably smells like Cas now or if it's just her getting used to him. But either way, he enjoys it when the two kittens follow him around the cabin.
"I think so," Dean says frowning at the unexpected question. "I mean sure I looked at things from the point of view of helping Castiel in the beginning. But if I didn't truly believe that Jack belonged with his mother I wouldn't be here. My duty as a guardian is to put the child first. It always has been."
"Don't be so surprised," he says scrubbing his jaw. "I know I shouldn't have taken your deal. I was being stupid and prejudiced and I'm sorry all right."
Before this, Castiel had always assumed that 6ft under was just a saying - but now, standing neck-deep in a waterlogged trench, he has a newfound respect for the gravediggers of the past. Because this is a fucking nightmare. Sticking the shovel into the dirt once again, Castiel braces himself for the squelch of mud only to find the bang of steel meeting pine.
Dean laughs, wrapping his arms around Castiel's hip. “Is that so?” he asks, breath hot over Castiel's mouth.
“Cas, dude, you do realise that ghost will come back and kill you if I don’t salt and burn the bones in the next hour or so, right?”
"So why summon it?" Dean asks, still reeling. He's thinking about all those times their little family hunted together. About how Cas would leave right after Dean got too close to him.
They all hold their breath as the door bursts open, wood splintering on impact and Amara walks in. "Hello, Dean." She says as everything goes to hell.
"Why are you so against helping us?" Kelly asks in her voice warbling. Dean wishes he didn't have to break her heart like this, but he can't put his career on the line for this case. Not when he knows for a fact Raphael oversees cases like this. He'd have Dean fired in seconds if he knew what Dean was doing for Claire.
Castiel resists the urge to roll his eyes, “I was thinking more along the lines of a shower.” he says, nipping lightly on the tendon of Dean's neck. Dean sighs arching into Castiels touch.
“Got you, Cas,” Dean murmurs, stroking down his back, and finally, Castiel relaxes. It’s minute, and he can tell they have a long way to go, but Dean can feel Cas melting incrementally into the warmth of his body, pressed tight between him and the porcelain water tank. God, Dean hopes that someday they can look back on this and laugh.
Cas’ head has been hanging so that Dean can’t exactly see his face, and when he looks up, Dean’s arousal soars to new heights. Castiel’s eyes are dark, almost dangerous, sharp cheekbones highlighted with a pink blush and lips parted invitingly. “Dean,” he says slowly, carefully, Dean’s name rolling off his tongue like smooth whiskey poured over fresh ice. “I only wanted to ask—” Castiel pauses here to dip down and press an open-mouthed kiss to Dean’s belly, that goddamn tongue darting out to lick his skin and Dean’s helpless to do anything but curl fingers into his hair and gasp. When he speaks again, it’s into Dean’s fiery skin, head already moving south like he can’t
Maggie La Pue, the incarnation directly before Thomas. A french girl of noble blood with a taste for rebellion. She turned her back on her tyrannous family, and fought alongside Castiel as he watched the French Revolution, hidden within the ranks of the rebels, stationed there by God to ensure it all went according to plan. She’d been written to die, a side character in one of Chuck’s sub-plotlines. Initially, Castiel had saved her from a cannon right to the chest, but of course, Chuck made him watch from the other side, after his rewrite. Castiel had lit the canon that killed her, his hand shaking as he did so, Chuck’s hand heavy on his shoulder.
“Good enough for me,” Tessa agrees, flashing Castiel a bright smile. “Yell if you need chemical sedatives, I got another night-night syringe ready to go if he gets frisky.”
“Probably just as—” Dean stops short in the middle of the hallway and throws his head back, laughing, tossing Castiel that irresistible, dimpled grin when he does. “Whatever you want, sunshine,” he says, patting Castiel’s hand with his free one.
It should be strange, having a deep conversation like this with someone he just met, but Castiel finds himself fascinated. He turns more fully towards Dean, eager to hear more. “Your brother doesn’t let you live in his house while he’s away?”
Castiel’s mouth opens a little, though he has no idea what he might say, but Dean rushes to continue anyway.
“I will,” Castiel replies, beginning to back across the parking lot as Dean does the same towards the front door of the station. “You should go.”
“I love you very much,” he says in reply, scrubbing a hand across his pink-cheeked face. The bouncers at the front doors hold them open so that Dean and Cas can exit, and while they murmur polite goodnights, their eyes never leave each others’.
The pressure to his prostate is shockingly tingly and delicious, no less intense than when it comes from the inside. Castiel sighs and rolls his hips a little, sliding up Dean’s cock a few inches and then back down. He’s both pleased and relieved to find the movement smooth and easy, thanks in part to Dean’s generosity with the lube.
Next, next time: Everything that can go wrong does, Dean likes Cas anyway and some things are not a sign from the universe. Plus, Dean opens up about why he understands Cas and his ink issues
“They hurt to break,” Castiel points out, his eyebrows raising and his fingers still pressing into Dean’s sternum. Sighing, Dean throws his hands up in the air and flops back in his chair, folding his arms across his chest.
On the page was a picture of an aggressive, angry-looking Santa figure. His eyes burned red, his hands hooked and clawed and dripping with blood, the snow at his illustrated feet sprinkled with crimson droplets. His suit, recognizably fuzzy and belted and buttoned, was green.
“Buy your own shots,” Meg calls out. “Clarence was gonna get himself laid tonight, he deserves a consolation prize.”
Naomi hangs up her phone with a put-upon sigh, weirdly appearing more annoyed than angry. “I should dismember you where you stand and bury your body parts at sea, Castiel,” she says, and
thinks Castiel views him as the same sort of risk, the same sort of potential mistake, and nothing more. Dean’s words on the screen are the same flirtatious sweetness that Castiel’s become accustomed to from the man, but the way he never even tries to test the waters in person…
"What? How?" Dean asked, confused. He hadn't seen or heard Chuck since that fucker had snapped his fingers and fucked off. Then he remembered Cas on his knees, his hands over his ears and it became clear.
Castiel finds himself holding his breath when the vampire’s eyes pass over his hiding spot, frozen fast to the ice-cold ground like his life depends on it. Turns out, his fear is unnecessary—the kid isn’t even really looking, Castiel doesn’t think. He’s just killing time. That theory is solidified when the vamp tips his chin over his shoulder and barks something into the house, his actual words lost to Castiel in the wind.
scary changes and not the good kind, like if he randomly sprouted tentacles or a third eye or something equally awesome.
When Castiel just blinks down at him, drawing a complete and utter blank on what to say, Dean’s eyes narrow critically and he glances around the kitchen. First up at the dishes in the drying rack, then over at the wall Cas had slammed him against, and finally back at Castiel himself.
"Dean, will you come make a snowman with me?" Jack blurted out excitedly, hopping in place. He looked ridiculous in his knitted hat, scarf, and gloves while wearing the leather jacket Dean had given him. Poor kid was gonna freeze in the damn thing if he went outside, but Dean knew it was a losing battle to try and convince him to wear any other coat.
“Oh, ho,” Dean says triumphantly, like he knows something Castiel doesn’t. “Suppose you forgot, too busy making my night hell to remember your promises.” He grins at Castiel and waits, while Castiel frowns and wracks his brain for whatever he’s missing.
tugging him up onto his feet even as he grumbled a dissenting reply. And now they’re here, pressed close
“Yeah. Yeah, I think you’re right!” Gabriel said excitedly. His feet hit the pedals and they both worked as fast as they could. The craft sped up a bit and the structure loomed closer. It was definitely a lighthouse. They steered around it, looking for and finally spotting a pier to the west. Not bothering to secure the sub, they scrambled out and hopped onto the pier gratefully, clasping each other’s shoulders and jumping around excitedly.
A flash movement up ahead, just the barest hint of a white tail disappearing behind the edge of a truck, and that—that
didn’t seem to mind at all, donning the new name like a secondhand jacket that was already broken in perfectly. And so Sam he became. But what Dean didn’t realize was
talk his way out of this place once before. The Entity probably wasn’t taking chances he’d try it again.
“Don’t get what?” Castiel asks distractedly, tasting his sauce and frowning. Something is missing, not that he has any idea what it is. Opening one of the kitchen’s upper cabinets that houses their cooking supplies, he squints suspiciously at the meager spice rack, tapping the cooking spoon against his lips as he stares.
Opening his eyes, he locks gaze with one of the bartenders—a hottie with thick stubble that Dean wouldn’t mind burning up the inside of his thighs. The guy steps forward immediately, sucked into Dean’s orbit with just a wink and a quick sink of his teeth into his bottom lip.
“Slowly,” she cautions as Dean slurps gratefully, though it clearly hurts him almost as much to swallow. “You haven’t had solid food in a few days, we’ve been bypassing your stomach completely. You can thank your brother for pulling
Warnings for bottom Dean and references to past Cas/others, including Cas/Max and Cas/Alicia (but separately, no twincest).
looks hesitant for a split-second, but any ambiguity is gone from his expression in the blink of an eye. As Castiel strokes nails down his back and his sides, Dean scoots forward on his knees. Lining himself up, he pushes inside, grabbing Castiel’s hips and dragging him closer.
When he sits down on the couch with the plate in his lap and places the mug on the side table, he meets Dean’s gaze head-on and cocks an eyebrow. “You don’t need to do this,” he makes sure to take a moment and say out loud. “If you’d like, you can remove that collar, make yourself a plate and join me on the couch. However,” Castiel pauses, shifting his gaze to the plate and selecting a juicy-looking blueberry between his thumb and forefinger. Raising the fruit up to Dean’s eye-level, he holds it out. “I don’t want to be unclear. I would very much like to feed you, exactly like this.”
Cas was shaking his head before she could finish her thought, interrupting her abruptly. “They won’t combine. They are from three different sources. Grace
She paused again, lost in thought for a moment before holding up a finger. “Okay….one more question? No…two.”
“I merely suggested we needed to exercise more since I’m human now and can’t heal you…” Cas said again as he kissed his chest, right where his heart lied.
Dean and Sam looked to each other and Castiel looked to them. “We do understand that concept, but she cannot be turned loose to hunt down others for her own selfish desires. She would have killed me for the trace amount of Grace within me before she knew what I was.”
“You’re here. Where else would I want to go?” Cas whispered in his ear as he ran his fingers through his sweat-dampened hair.
“Evil sonofabitch,” Dean grumbled with a pretended pout as he slid his hand under the cover. This was going to take more willpower than he was sure he had.
“Have you drank water?” Cas asked softly as he brought his hand up to rest on his hip, needing a distraction from Dean's desperate hip thrusts.
, Dean.” It was her turn to accuse, her jaw set hard and her hands in fists at her side as she looked to him.
“So, we agree we aren’t the right ones to raise a little kid, right? Can we at least agree on that?” Dean dared a glance to Sam as he merged onto the highway, bringing up the dropped conversation from the other night.
Cas quirked a doting smile and squeezed Dean's hand with his own. “Well, we’re getting a couple more days of quiet, alone time in a non-disgusting hotel room. You can keep me much closer than arm’s length if you’d like…clothing optional.”
. I don’t know my body as…intimately…as you know yours. I haven’t had one as long. Are you opposed? We might not have time tomorrow for everything…but I’d like to explore new things with you more often…if that’s alright? If not, I am perfectly content with our current sex life.” Cas became nervous at the end, rushing through his reassurance.
Castiel stepped away from her and toward Sam and Dean. “Touch me again and it will be the last time I show you mercy. I know what your intentions are. I would never serve someone like you willingly.”
“I’d like to take you right here, in this dirty parking lot…but I’m afraid hunting buddies don’t do that…” Cas said with a soft sigh as he eased himself back over to his seat and looked around at the mostly empty lot. “But if you pick up a pizza and get us back to that disgusting hotel room in one piece, you might coerce a tipsy blowjob out of me before I eat and fall asleep.”
“Oh come on, Cassie, you know you like this face,” crooned the Shadow, but the voice it used had Cas’ hands clenched in fists by his side.
“Can you do that for me? Come just like this?” Cas grabbed Dean's hips and moved him effortlessly, moving deeply within him.
." She looked up now and locked eyes with him, anger flashing behind her eyes as she lobbed painful truth at Dean. "Because you
“You’re hearing him too, aren’t you?” Claire asked softly as she stepped near to him and dropped her voice.
“It’s used to extract Grace from a host,” Cas spoke up immediately to get her attention off of Sam, using Dean's tactic to divert the danger away. “I have used a similar instrument before.”
Mary nodded as she too took in the resemblance of Cas and Jack. “I’ve been telling people I’m related by the Campbells, since my age is off. Could say Cas is a relative too…”
“You really think your mother will help you play matchmaker for your brother?” Cas said skeptically.
She came up to Dean and yanked the neck of his shirt down roughly, exposing the chain of his necklace. She wrapped her hands around it and gently tugged up, revealing the small vial of swirling blue grace. “Holy shit you really do…” She whispered softly as she pulled the chain over his head and held it gently in her hand, cradling it as something precious. “What poor Angel did you kill to get this much?” She murmured distantly as she watched it swirl, her eyes watching it hypnotically.
He could hear Cas' tone in his head. Could visualize the lift of his eyebrow that would tell him he wasn't funny. His heartbeat sped up just a little imagining the thrill of Cas' stillness as he would study him if he'd dared to say that to his face.
Castiel stood between the bed and the bathroom, almost wringing his hands as he chose his words carefully. “They had a rough upbringing…It’s not my story to tell but even I feel sympathy, even when she wanted to….”
Sam gave Mary an appraising, suspicious look at her suggestion, but Lizzie just smiled. “I’ve got nowhere to be, and I’m sober as a saint so if Sam wants to stay a bit longer, I’d be glad to give him a ride back.”
“Father and son is doable with how much they look and act alike but the age difference is a little questionable if anyone digs too far into it,” Sam said as he studied the two of them side by side.
Cas' voice was gruff and low but not from sleep. “Good morning. I was afraid I would wake you calling this early…”
witch just played with my head just as Rowena and Naomi did…I just can’t do it anymore. I don't want to be anyone's puppet.”
Calmly, Jody spoke, sensing Dean's pain even through his anger. “Then you’d both be dead, from the way you told it. That doesn't seem like a good outcome either, Dean.”
Dean sighed, crawled off the bed and pulled on his jeans, zipping over the silicone cage with a resigned sigh. Not much longer. Cas had promised. He pulled out one of his word t-shirts, ones he'd never wear on a hunt and risk them getting ruined. After sliding it on, he made sure the cage didn't make a weird bulge and he left his room in search of coffee when he bumped right into Sam.
Jumping at the chance to step away from Jody’s knowing look, Dean went to help his brother. “Here, let me help you with that.”
“Okay. Okay…okay.” Lizzie put her hands on her legs and drummed her fingers before looking up at the three of them. “If that’s the stuff you’re willing to tell me, you must have some crazy shit you won’t.”
nursery. If I hadn’t been born, she’d still be alive, and then I left you two, and then to find out about my…my demon blood. Dad resented me because I took the woman he loved away from him.” Sam eyed Dean steadily, knowledge in his eyes, but Dean shook his head immediately, oblivious.
different. Dean let out an audible gasp as Cas let his wings show, large enough to cast a shadow over him where he sat. Cas hadn’t lied. They
“Dean, I told you…” Sam smiled smugly as he shrugged, patting Jack's back comfortingly as he started to squirm awake.
“Fuck, Cas. You kiss your mother with that mouth?” Dean groaned as he sat up and rubbed his hands over his face to wake up.
“Alright, Shakespeare,” Dean murmured as he stepped closer to hide his face, his cheek brushing against the immense wings. He stood in their shadow and felt a wave of sheer disbelief wash over him. He was loved.
“I’m getting another beer…” Cas grumbled when Dean gave him a look asking for help. “Entertain the kiddos. You two are famous after all…” He slid his chair back and he was no more than a few feet away when one of the young hunters swooped in and sat in it. Dean followed him with his eyes as he made his way to bar, until he turned his back to him. Cas didn’t want recognition or attention, but it had left a slightly bitter taste in his mouth that no one even knew he’d existed in the decade he’d helped keep those two alive. As an Angel it’d never really bothered him but as a human…he admitted to a few selfish, petty thoughts. He’d saved their asses…and they his…multiple times over the decade. He’d been there when they fought Lucifer. He’d died by Lucifer’s own hand twice…and it was as if he had never existed. He hated the resentment bubbling slightly in his gut but he was only human after all. He waved down Nelson and held up his empty bottle. Nelson nodded and brought him another, leaning across the bar to see the table he’d come from. Cas fished out his wallet, one Dean had given him recently, and took out cash for the beer.
“You’re not getting me the baby section of a Wal-Mart, Sam. I’d rather die. I’ll…I’ll watch the kid I guess. You go pick up some soccer moms. Just don’t bring anybody home.” Dean grinned, ignoring the anger that he could almost feel, trying to push it down. He wasn't going to get anywhere with Sam being angry.
“You reacted as expected,” Castiel unhelpfully points out. “That’s why I’ve been increasingly confused about it all. I thought for sure that if you were attracted to me, then the cuddling would naturally lead to sex.”
Another grunt from Dean steals his distracted train of thought back to reality. Relief floods Castiel when he sees the man swinging his feet over the side of the bed and stuffing them haphazardly into his shower slides.
Leaning down to get in Dean’s ear where no one else can hear, Castiel softly reminds him, “I’m already proud of you. Don’t think that you have something to prove to these people. Use your safeword or the colors if you need to, that’s an order.”
slips and murmurs to Dean that he loves him, but he manages to bite it back at the last second. It’s not as painful, tonight, the way the words get swallowed down into his chest, because Castiel has every chance in the world to put his feelings into action in a way that he already knows Dean will accept. In a way that Dean not only
She shrugged. “They’ve seen most of what we do already. No use keeping it a secret.” She turned to Izzy and Ryan, saying, “We’re going to call our friends to us now. They’re angels.”
He stands in the middle of the entryway, wiping his suddenly-sweaty hands against his pajama pants and worrying. Hopefully, if he did screw this up, it’s nothing he can’t fix in time.
the smallest bit of leverage he needs to really slot their bodies together when he gets Cas backed up against the tile. Cas seems to dig it too, from the way he holds onto the back of Dean’s neck and grinds up against him, little grunts of satisfaction escaping from his lips as he rocks his hips. He’s fluid, and graceful—everything Dean fantasized he would be.
Sam nodded, placing the papers back on the table. “We’ll wait until you two are back. Or do you want me to go?”
She disappears out into the hallway before Dean can get his wits together enough to speak, never mind a word in edgewise. He turns instead to Cas, who is beaming from ear to ear. A million questions are swirling in his mind, but one sticks out above the rest. “No victim?” he asks, genuinely confused. “Call me crazy, but I can’t see
Sam! He’s been human for half-an-hour, give his system a break. Go grab ice like you said, and bring back shit for a splint, and I’ll work on getting him cleaned up.”
It turns out to be irrelevant. Cas finds the cooler with ease and returns to the living room with Dean’s juice and a protein bar, which he proceeds to mother-hen down Dean’s throat. Dean, meanwhile, is still subspaced-out and barely remembers how to chew like a human being.
Before he can either lose his nerve or think better of his choices, Castiel shoots off a text message and then waits, tossing his phone from hand to hand impatiently. Perhaps his contact won’t even reply, or she’ll tell him to fuck off, or she’ll be busy, or—
Dean’s no different over text than he is in person; warm and friendly, sweet and encouraging. It seems to be easier for him to open up about his own insecurities when they’re not face-to-face, and Castiel can understand and appreciate that just fine. Contrary to Castiel’s intentions when he got into this whole thing with Dean, it does feel like they’re building something, something big. The way Castiel’s heart clenches when he thinks about walking out the Bunker doors and never seeing Dean again after his tattoo is finished tells him that he’s already in deep, that it’s probably pointless to fight the losing battle of pretending he’s not very quickly developing some serious feelings for this man.
Balthazar shrugs and rolls his eyes. “We all deserve both more and less than we’re given,” he says airily. “And that—I have it on good authority—you
“It’s not wise to be using your grace,” Castiel cautioned, tilting his head in warning. “You are the last angels on earth, and eventually, we’ll need someone to unlock Heaven. Only celestial entities can do so. You know that. Humans can’t walk in, they—” Cas’ face scrunched up for a second, then he corrected himself. “—
Castiel murmurs, and that encouragement is all Dean needs to go harder. Once he’s adjusted to the sensation of having his throat fucked, he sets Cas’ hips free, lets him thrust all he wants. He forces his jaw to go slack, swallows around the intrusion, doesn’t forget to use his tongue in the meantime.
. There are two terrifying-looking dogs with “K-9” vests on, barking and snapping at the air just outside the unit, and Castiel fears he won’t be able to get a word in edgewise.
for people. Or he thought that, until he came across four different things that Sam would like. He had the money and the selfish desire to make up for years with nothing to give, so he ended up buying them all. Jack was easy to buy for. He'd recently come into a deep appreciation for Chuck Norris —— which Dean was
the ONLY thing I will spoil is that *no one* is dropping! Dean was not lying—his irritation has nothing to do with sex or BDSM. :-P
Her grace hummed disquietly, shuddering in her and waking up from a slumber. She’d hardly used it since healing Castiel’s foot, too frightened she’d lose it all. It almost felt rusty and bleary, but the alarm bells of discontent shook it from its sleep. Dean would say her “spidey senses were tingling”.
Jumping high enough to hit his head against the top of the box, Balthazar spun and glared at Gabriel. “What the bloody hell? Not funny!” he shouted, rubbing his crown with a frown.
Who would have thought that this warped fight-die-deal rinse and repeat cycle they were caught up in would
Jack’s mouth hung open comically, like something from a cartoon. Dean knew he had about three seconds before Jack—oh, no, that was an overestimation. He lasted nowhere near three seconds. Jack bounded straight toward the nearest reindeer, making a horrifically delighted noise and reaching to pet his nose.
Dean shrugs, focusing on the sound of the waves to his right and the slap of his soles on the concrete. “I’ll figure out something better.” That’s a lie, he’s got nothing. As it is, he’s already considering faking sick to get sent to the infirmary after dinner, and that’s a trick that only works so many times.
Castiel thinks, that they made it. Not a Chuck-created miracle, but one that they carved out for themselves with sweat and bone and blood and tears; theirs and so many others who didn’t make it across the finish line. This—truly
gotta do is be equally ruthless. Chat up the women, be loud about the fact that none of the men are ‘your type.’ And most importantly, hit me up if you need a rescue or just a break. I can help you flirt, and plus, I think we could both use a friend who isn’t interested in getting in the other’s pants.” He pauses and then makes a face, wondering if Charlie is insulted by that declaration, but she doesn’t seem to be. “No offense.”
In fact, there are far more things Castiel dislikes when it comes to the entire outfit than policies and procedures he’d personally opt to keep.
Dean salutes, scooting out of the bed and making immediately for the plastic bag on the counter marked “Patient Belongings.” He opens it up, scowling and grumbling in frustration when all he finds are dirty purple shreds of what used to be clothing. Not that Dean was looking forward to hopping back into that nasty sweatsuit—hell, he was probably going to burn that shit on a pyre—but anything is superior to a butt-baring hospital gown.
Sam was organizing a decent resistance, given what they had. Castiel should help, he should get back to Rowena, he should protect her, protect the camp…
“Hey, have a little faith in me,” Dean replies lightly, mostly joking, but Castiel stops again and pulls Dean’s hand that he put there down off of his face. Blinking in the light, he reaches up to slide a palm across Dean’s cheek and yank him in to kiss, which is unexpected but not unwelcome.
Castiel has to nod his thanks, because the line clicks open on the other end and his priorities aren’t retaining Dean’s job (or even his friends)—not at the moment.
Before they could break eye contact, Dean clapped Castiel on the ass and turned, walking away. “I’m grabbing us a couple beers. Keep practicing. Imagine the things you fear, get your focus, aim, and pull that trigger with purpose so you only gotta pull it once.”
And yet, he knows at this point how unlikely that is to happen, since wishes are not horses. It’s not as if he hasn’t been trying for the last ten years to do just that,
Rolling his eyes, Dean drops back down Cas’ body and sucks him off some more. He keeps at it all the way until Cas’ knot is threatening to pop and he’s gone totally pliant. Satisfied, Dean licks his way up Cas’ stomach and chest, thinking better of it when he gets paint flecks on his tongue. After quickly spitting them out, Cas is back to grabbing Dean’s face and kissing him like his life depends on it, and Dean lets him.
He suspects that Elanor wouldn’t mind, though, if she knew the truth. After all, she’s the one who gave
Hands sweaty and shaking, Dean crouches to crawl just beneath the wide glass windows that provide a view into the library and then the infirmary. He waits until he’s clear of them both before standing up and looking both ways like he’s crossing the street. Darting quickly across the hall, Dean moves with one hand already extended, reaching until it’s nearly painful with the badge at the tips of his fingers.
Caught off guard, Dean just blinks, unsure how to react to suddenly having another human in his presence, in his
Would that they were in a place where he could blurt out exactly how he feels about Dean and have it be welcomed
Dean exhales, guilt flooding his system. He takes one last look out the window before abandoning it (and the still-empty parking lot) for the night. Shirking his clothes, Dean leaves them behind in a trail as he crawls into bed. “Put the stupid book away,” he barks before nipping at Cas’ ear. “And turn out the light. We got better ways to deal with stress than talkin’ about it.”
witnessing the realities of how hard it can be to simply exist as a person of color and/or an omega in this world, he would be the same sort of reluctant to let Sam out of his sight. Maybe ever.
Still stuffing the last of his notebooks into his shoulder bag—the ones containing pages and pages he’s meticulously collected of Crowley’s hopes and dreams, wants and demands for
actually healing. Wanting and taking things for himself is important, even if Castiel wishes for him to call off for entirely self-indulgent reasons.
Dean ducked his head down to his knees, curling in and not even wanting to look at Baby any more. The position wasn’t the comfiest, he had to have his legs apart slightly to pull his knees up because his stomach got in the way, and
Sam scrubbed his hand over his overgrown stubble and shrugged. “It’s buried, Dean. But maybe those memories are behind a wall for a reason; maybe it’s there to protect Cas.”
“You’re shaking,” Castiel murmurs, soothing the hand that’s draped across Dean’s tummy up his chest, fingers then skating carefully back down his arm.
“I need an emotional connection with someone to have interest in dominating them,” Castiel had explained breezily, as if he was speaking about the way he takes his coffee. The pen he was using to mark up their contracts tipped and twirled between the lithe, thick fingers of his right hand, the only outward sign that Castiel was nervous at all. “I know that must seem strange, seeing as how it was my lack of romantic feelings for Meg that prompted me to move on, but I assure you, an emotional connection does not automatically equal romance. Or love, for that matter.”
Dean chews his lip and then leans forward with intent. “I’ve got one card left to play, and that’s getting to Crowley’s records before the rigged system sets him free. I told you—Crowley keeps records of
to be one—the expectations just change. And just when you’ve gotten used to those, they change again.
I’m not sure I can—” As Dean watches, still kneeling on the bed, Castiel shudders and squeezes his eyes shut. Damn, and Dean thought
Jody nods, working on his other wrist. As soon as they’re both free, Cas takes it upon himself to grab them one at a time, massaging the tension out. “You. You with Doctor Novak, you going to work, you leaving stores, going to the bank, sitting on the beach. Notes on all of them, pieces of what seemed like a
doesn’t get off on pain, or even causing it, necessarily. No, even back then Dean understood very clearly that
The next day dawns with more grey skies and rain, the droplets pelting down on the cheap, galvanized steel roof of his rental. Castiel wakes slowly before his alarm, and try as he might, he can’t ignore the dreams his mind insisted on supplying him with overnight. A mix of Dean in various compromising positions, Castiel playing the starring role of the inmate putting him there in each and every one. While he’d love to say he’s repulsed by himself, that doesn’t seem to stop what happens next.
on it is not. It’s unethical, and there’s no way around it. I—In all honestly, I’ve come to terms with the fact that what we’re doing is unethical, because that’s how much I lo—how much I care about you. This isn’t a rejection talk—I just want you to understand. Understand
God, Dean really needs to get his thoughts in order and stop realizing important shit on the backslide. “Cas,” he starts, but Cas is already ushering him past the reception desk where Garth is lounging, reading a magazine.
is and what he still needs to accomplish tonight. It’s a good thing Castiel didn’t spend any additional time wallowing at his new dump, or he’d probably fall asleep and burn the place he actually
“I can assure you, Dean, your lack of inaction has lead to me experiencing the maximum discomfort I can
Castiel’s heard the story of how Dean and Sam left things, how Sam tracked down a cure and managed to tie Dean up long enough to hit him with a dose of it. It all went wrong when a somewhat-human Dean managed to break free of the demon trap, angry and homicidal. Even in the retelling, Dean didn’t sugarcoat things—flat-out, he tried to kill his brother and nearly succeeded. Sam had to call the other Castiel for backup as Dean chased him maniacally around the bunker with an axe. Working together, they almost had him, but when push came to shove, the other Castiel was too weak to hold Dean down, and he escaped.
thread of sanity that he’s able to stop himself from doing something he’ll surely regret. The mention of his parents helps—his mother would be so disappointed to know Dean came this far only to be expelled from school for murdering a fellow student.
Earlier, Castiel had become worried that Dean’s distant attitude meant he was dropping, but they’d both been busy enough that a physical check-in was out of the question. Castiel’s learned from his past mistakes though, so after transferring care of one of his previous patients, he’d stepped around the side of Central’s ER for some privacy to call him up before putting the truck back in service. Upon hearing Dean’s voice, Castiel could tell that wasn’t the case, and that, at least, was a relief. Something still seemed
“I see that,” Dean replies, humoring him. He doesn’t let go of Cas’ waist, though, no matter how steady he seems.
“You’re supposed to be balls deep in your brother right now,” the witch cried out, impressively distressed, before focusing her rage on Castiel once more. “No one
The truck was moving again. Sam was amazed that the thing had survived all the damage it had caused to the camp, though given the haste that some of their base had been constructed in, he supposed, it made sense. What made less sense to him was what the hell the zombie driving it was doing.
“We’re here,” Dean announces, pulling Baby underneath the carport to the left of the cabin and noting with appreciation all the firewood stacked high against the wall. “No!” he yelps, as Castiel raises his hand to remove the blindfold. “Please,” he adds hurriedly. “Just—give me five minutes, alright? Sit tight and I’ll walk you in.
Unperturbed, Garth shoots them finger guns, making a face that suggests he might actually be impressed by Dean’s totally bullshit cover story, which is strangely endearing. Garth doesn’t so much as remove his feet from where they’re crossed at the ankles on the counter as he signs Dean in on the tracking clipboard. “Nice, Nice. Good for you, Dean,” he replies, before turning his attention back to his magazine—
After padding down the hall while stifling a yawn, Dean finds his brother easily, taking up the majority of the space in their tiny kitchen with his giant frame. Sam’s not only awake, he’s dressed and unpacking ribbon-tied boxes from an oversized plastic take-out bag marked with the logo of the bakery Dean loves from down the street. There’s also a percolating pot of coffee on the counter behind him and Dean heads straight for it. As he passes Sam, Dean shoulder checks him
Speaking of his new friends, Castiel also makes good on his promise to them to, well, do more good. With the help of Max, Castiel is introduced to a local Black omega woman already entrenched in the activism scene and hungry to do more. One casual conversation is all it takes before Castiel is swiftly installing Billie Berry as Novak Corp’s new (and improved) Chief Financial Advisor. Billie is a lawyer specializing in financial services, more qualified via her education
But they weren’t there yet, and if Dean thought even for a moment that this, that they, were a part of something that was beyond their control…then they never would be.
Just when he’s starting to relax and sink back into Castiel’s grip, it disappears completely and so does Castiel’s reassuring presence behind him. Unable to suppress the urge in time, Dean groans and smacks the mattress with his palm as he buries his face into the pillow. “
than he lets on, that he’s found out as much as he possibly could about the organization he’s tied up in, even if he was in too deep for what he discovered to matter very much once he did.
When he could open his eyes, the entire room was sparkling in glitter, but there wasn’t a soul in the place.
“I’m okay with you riding me, for sure,” Dean said, pausing to gasp at the pressure already beginning to softly balloon in his core at the way Castiel’s hand was moving, smoothing the lube up and down Dean’s cock. Castiel was gazing downward, enraptured as he jacked Dean off slowly. “But,” Dean picked up, when he could gather the words, “I really want to try at some point, too.”
It’s pretty impossible to resist joining in, and from where he’s standing, Castiel can see a good chunk of the audience singing, too.
On those nights, even with Castiel’s arms wrapped around him securely, steady fingers combing reassuringly through Dean’s hair, sometimes it takes hours for Dean to come back down. To remember where he is and what they’re doing there. When he finally does, he’s always embarrassed, always apologetic, and Castiel always refuses to hear any of it.
Instead of ushering him out, the President offers Castiel a glass of sweet tea, poured from the pitcher she ordered from the White House’s staffed kitchen at the beginning of their meeting. Her own glass in hand, she melts back into her chair with a tired sigh. Opposite her on the Oval Office’s couch, Castiel politely sips while mentally reviewing his checklist, ensuring that he doesn’t overlook anything requiring discussion. His job isn’t a normal one—calling the boss for an after-hours notification is a much more dramatic affair than it is in Corporate America.
is going to fall into the trap of suggesting that those crap insecurities need validation, either. He may not be
he could have come up with some moderately less humiliating solution with all of that Christmas cheer at his disposal, but really, Sam and his smugness at Dean’s transformation
