Dean cursed his bad manners mentally, moving to let Castiel in. Scanning him up and down as they moved upstairs, he noticed several things consecutively.
Finally, the service ended, and they filed out to go to their cars and head to the cemetery. As Sam, Dean, and Charlie walked to Dean's car to head up together, one paparazzo who had decided that they felt brave and gotten far too close to the mourners snapped a picture right in Sam's face. As Sam flinched back, Dean found all of his rage at the injustice of Jess's death, at himself for the Novak situation, and the paparazzi in general snap, and without another thought, he reeled back and punched the camera lens. He vaguely realized that it had shattered and that his hand was bleeding, but he didn't care. The paparazzo had left, and that was what mattered.
Glancing around the table, Dean saw that everyone seemed game, so he turned to the girls and smiled brightly. "For sure."
Shaking his head, Dean realized he needed to get some food in him before they went to shoot again. Grabbing something out of the fridge without looking, he ate quickly, staring off into space as he did. Soon enough, it was time to go back out there and film again, and Dean found himself dreading it. What the fuck would Novak say? What would he say?
They had, in fact, gone back to Dean's place. They'd played games for a few hours, and then someone suggested drinking. After that, it had all gone directly downhill.
It seemed that Novak was having realizations, too, because he threw himself off of Dean like he'd been burned. Neither of them said a word, just stared at each other, not understanding what had just happened or why. Without a single word between them, Novak walked out the door, slamming it behind him.
Soon enough, they were arriving at a home that Dean recognized as Jess's parents' place. Thanking the driver through a closing throat and stepping out, he took the path up to the house to knock on the front door. If he felt like this, he couldn't imagine what her poor parents felt like. Knocking with a heavy hand, he waited a few seconds before a teary-eyed Charlie opened the door. Instantly, he pulled her into a hug, sobbing as he held onto her like she could vanish any moment. They moved inside and closed the door behind them, Charlie showing him to the living room where the rest of the people in the house waited.
The rest of the ceremony went off without a hitch, and after all had been said and done, Jess's parents invited the three of them to stay as the coffin was lowered. The five of them stood and watched, silently agreeing to hold onto each other as they all sobbed. Dean found that he couldn't look, staring up at the sky as his vision blurred with tears. Finally, it was over, and they said their half hearted goodbyes and went back down to the venue so that Sam and Charlie could separate from Dean. As they shut the doors, Dean realized that he hadn't heard Sam say a single word the entire day other than his speech. He would have to check on him later.
Sitting up sharply, he found that he really couldn't stand to be alone. Sam had needed space, and Charlie clearly did as well, but he needed someone to be there, anyone. Within moments, the answer popped into his head, and before he could stop himself, he had texted the number the studio had given him for Novak.
“Nice to see you, as always, Castiel," Dean said condescendingly, and Novak huffed and stormed out his front door, slamming it for the second time that morning. If the doorframe was damaged, that asshole was getting a bill in the mail. Shaking his head in amusement, he turned on his heel and went back upstairs.
"You have a hickey that you didn't have when you snapped us this morning," she said, and he slapped his hand on his jaw, cursing. God damn Novak, could he have at least tried to be subtle?
"I know, fuck, I know you're mad! I didn't know either, Dean! You could always pull yourself from the project, too, which I know isn't ideal, but.." Crowley was cut off by Dean, who nearly threw his phone as he turned on his heel.
"Does it fucking matter?" He asked, and her jaw dropped incredulously. Smacking him on the arm, she yanked the bottle away from him.
Looking back down at the table, he found himself reaching for one of the bottles and hurling it into the wall beside the tv. The energy left him just as quickly as it came, and the tears finally began to fall. Why could nothing just go right? Just one god damned time?
He regretted it as soon as he'd done it, but it was too late for that now. However, a few minutes later, his phone buzzed, and he quickly checked it, hope rising in his chest despite himself.
"I know that I'm attracted to men. Clearly, I know that," Dean gulped. "But... but the problem is that I'm scared. I'm scared to death of actually falling in love with a guy, because then it's not something I can say was just a lapse in judgement, a heat of the moment thing. Then it's real, and I have to... I have to face it. Face the things my dad beat into me over it, face that he was right about me. And I'm already facing too much right now."
Finally, they got the damn scene recorded, and it looked all the more real because of the anger they channeled for it. Dean had tried his best to remain professional, but Novak seemed determined to make him snap. That son of a bitch was trying to antagonize him and get him off this movie, but Dean wasn't letting that shit happen. Not this time, asshole.
He could feel that bastard's eyes on the back of his head, and he was suddenly not in the mood for this after party. Putting on his best face, he stood and put a hand on the table, his friends simply nodding and saying goodbye. They knew that he needed to get away sometimes, so they had developed that signal. Walking away, he went to the front area of the party and smiled, grabbing the microphone and subsequently the attention of everyone in the room.
He hadn't realized it, but he must have been stepping closer to Novak as he got angrier, because they were quite literally inches apart. Both were breathing heavy, and Dean could see Novak's hands twitching like he was trying not to hit him.
"We'll get this off together, sweetheart," she said, and he nodded. "And I'm sorry I didn't come visit you after Jess passed. I figured you'd want your space. I sent you mail, but I don't think you saw it. Or my texts," she said.
Dean actually did snort at that, turning away to try to curb his laughter. It didn't work, because Cas was wiggling his eyebrows at him when he turned back around. A cackle pulled itself from Dean, and they ended up laughing until they were in tears. Finally, the stunt coordinator had had enough of their shit, smacking them both on the back and pointing to the pile of gear.
Following the flow of people into the party area, he smiled, letting the atmosphere surround him and taking a deep breath. He leaned his head back with a sigh, laughing and then walking to a gathering small crowd of people by the drinks. Spotting a few of his favorite people, he made his way over to them to say hi.
Turning back to his food, Cas continued cooking in the silence that followed. Dean, however, couldn't seem to function. He felt too many things at once. The tears were threatening to return, and his desire to break things and scream was well on its way back along with it. This wasn't fucking fair. It wasn't. And now the person responsible for Jess being taken from them was not only trying to get away with it, but dragging her name through the mud. It was only when Cas turned to put the food on the plates with soft eyes that Dean realized that he had started crying again at some point.
Still slowly grinding his hips against Dean's, Cas let the hand under Dean's thigh drift downward to run gently over his hole with his fingertips. Hooking his foot around Cas quickly so his leg wouldn't drop, Dean let his head fall back against the shower wall at the sensation. Castiel immediately took advantage of this, sucking hickeys into his neck and occasionally nipping with his teeth. Dean hated to admit how much he liked the little bites and the soothing kisses afterwards, but they had his mind melting.
"Of course. Now, let's get you ready," he said, letting Dean in and walking back to his main area. Dean looked around, seeing a few people bustling around the room. Immediately, one guy spotted him and walked over, hand out for an introduction. Shaking his hand, Dean smiled at him, getting a smile in return.
Dean let out an embarrassing whimper at the pet name, nodding his head frantically. But Castiel decided to be difficult, shaking his head.
Dean was panting, his face twisted in rage and covered in blood as he fought. Driving his fist into his opponent's chest, he managed to turn the tide of the fight and get the upper hand again. From there, it was all dedication. He kept hitting, letting the anger fuel him harder and faster. The knives in his hands moved steadily, and all too soon, he had his opponent pinned with a boot, knife in hand. With a final smile, he dispatched his opponent and looked up, laughing and sighing. He threw his knives away from himself and walked off, never hesitating. The screen faded to black after him.
"What the fuck are you here for?" Dean snapped, but Castiel's eyes on him never wavered once. Annoyed by the lack of response, Dean stepped closer, getting in his space. "You better start fucking talking, because this whole silence after barging in shit is just about my least favorite stunt of yours."
Getting into the backseat of his car, he told the driver to head to the location Sam had given him. The driver had also clearly heard by his red eyes and shaky hands. Jess truly touched everyone she met, he supposed. Looking out the window, he remembered all of the things they had done since they'd met. Thought of her smile, her laugh, her cutting humor, and her kind advice. Thought of how he'd never get to see any of that again. Even as the view started to blur with his tears, he thought of her, wanting to immortalize her every quality in his mind before he could lose it.
"Well, now you know. Next time, I'll be sure to give you hourly updates on my life," he teased, dodging a hit from Jess as he did so. They both started laughing and eventually settled down only after their sides hurt so bad that Dean was sure he'd die.
"What... what happened?" Castiel asked nervously, looking down at Dean where he clutched onto him. Dean hiccuped through tears, finally getting the strength to speak again.
Rolling his eyes, Dean shot back, getting annoyed with all of this dodging the issue shit. Why was Crowley being an asshole about this?
Sam was holding the sweatshirt that he always left at Dean's for himself, the one that Jess always made a point of stealing from him. Without a word, Sam put it on, clutching it around himself like it could run from him. Without a single word, he slid into the bed beside Charlie, and Dean turned the lights off, letting the darkness and the warmth of his friends at his back soothe his aching head and the hole in his chest.
Dean nodded, turning down the hallway they'd entered and toward a more open room, probably where they'd film. At the end of the hall, he saw a man with a headset talking to roughly everyone, and he figured that was their director. The man turned and saw him coming, waving him over as he came closer to the end of the hall. Dean and Crowley stopped in front of him, Dean putting out a hand to the director. The man returned the handshake, smiling.
Cas didn't seem to buy it one bit, and Dean had known he wouldn't. They were both actors, he knew better than to believe that shit. Smiling, he turned and began walking back toward the building they'd come from.
Feeling the car slow as they got near to his house, Dean looked up at the driver, who was grimacing. Following his gaze, Dean saw why. His face hardened, and his muscles tensed. His eye was twitching, and it hadn't done that in years.
"See you, Rayna!" He called. She shouted back some response, but he didn't quite catch it. It didn't seem urgent, so he left it, heading out to main set. Glancing around, he sighed, taking a deep breath.
Finally, they had all finished, so they paid and gathered their things. It was almost four in the afternoon by then, so it hadn't exactly been the conventional timing for lunch, but they didn't mind. Heading outside, Dean shot a text to the driver to have him come grab them. It wasn't a minute later when he showed up out front, and they all loaded into the back again.
"Alright. Thanks for telling me," he managed, a small hitch in his breath. Sam sighed, also clearly battling back tears.
"Fuck, I thought we'd be doing that scene for the rest of our damn lives," he said, getting a laugh out of the group as they made their way off set to grab drinks and regroup. Chugging down some coffee he'd been brought, Dean rolled his eyes at Mikey as Tanya chimed in.
Within half an hour, they were ready to start shooting. The scene went completely as normal, but Dean was getting antsy for this... thing he didn't know about. Finally, they got to the end of what he knew about, when they had just finished a domestic scene standing in the room. Cas's character moved closer to him, cradling his against his chest and putting their foreheads together. Dean couldn't help but lean into it, let himself pretend that their feelings was just on screen.
"I swear to god, every day around you people is torment. I can't believe I put up with this." Shaking his head, he pointed at Jo. "I'll have you know, my blooper reel for this movie was under five minutes."
"I hope it was at least worth it," she teased, and he flushed a bit, stuttering indignantly as she cackled. Fuck, he had forgotten how fun she could be. He needed to invite her to shit sometime.
Finding them quickly, he rolled his eyes, snorting. This wasn't anything more than the normal rumors, and no one had any evidence for any of it. He couldn't tell why Novak was freaking the fuck out. Maybe knowing that it was true this time was getting to him or some shit.
"I'm not my dad, Charlie," he bit out, surprised at the venom in his own tone. Sam snapped his eyes up from his phone, glancing between Dean and Charlie in concern.
"Who the hell do they think they are?" Cas spat, mixing the contents of the bowl so quickly that they almost spilled. "Do they really think that they'll get away with this? We won't let them, and neither will her family or the millions of people who loved her." With that, he whirled and put the contents of the bowl into the pan on the stove, mixing it a bit before turning back to Dean.
As he finally did reach the trio, he threw his arms around Charlie and Jess and leaned in slightly, pretending to flirt. Sam immediately knew where he was going with it and rolled his eyes.
About ten minutes later, he was home, and the dumbasses were already there, cars in his driveway. Thanking the driver, he got out and walked to the door, trying his best to look like he wasn't limping. Novak was huge, as much as it pained him to admit. Of course that motherfucker had even that.
About twenty minutes after he had sent the driver after his idiots, he heard the horn outside and headed out. As soon as he was out the door, he could see them fighting in the backseat. Shaking his head, he got in and shut it behind him, immediately surrounded by yelling. Charlie and Sam were going at it while Jess sat in the corner, shaking her head. As the limo started driving, he realized that they were still talking about the breadsticks.
Dean shook his head and Cas grinned, loosening his grip and placing his hands on either side of Dean's head on the floor. Dean took a loud gulp of air, watching Castiel intently. Cad sped up further, his hair hanging down and his breath coming out in pants and gasps. Dean could hear him swearing lightly under his breath, and Dean was trying his best to be quiet as well. The sweat was a light sheen across Cas's body as he continued brutally fucking into Dean.
Charlie saluted as Dean pretended to faint, forcing Charlie to catch him. Sam and Jess walked off laughing, and Charlie set Dean back up, muttering something about him being heavy as shit. He rolled his eyes and hit her arm playfully, and she grinned at him.
"I think I'm gonna head to bed," he said, and he immediately saw Cas's face fall slightly. Shaking his head a bit, Dean put his hand over Cas's where it still rested on the couch. "Will you stay with me?"
After getting one and sitting back down, he simply sat there for a good half hour. Traffic was probably bad at this time, so the troops might not arrive for another fifteen minutes. Deciding that he should check online and see what the damages were, he opened his phone. Taking a breath to prepare, he opened social media.
Within a few moments, Castiel had regained his strength and was pulling away and out of Dean. Throwing the condom away, he got dressed as Dean shakily sat on the floor, watching.
The shower was quick, but he made sure to get himself clean regardless. Stepping out, he toweled off and started pulling his clothes on, suddenly hearing a loud rumble from his stomach. Shaking his head, he finished getting dressed and padded out to the kitchen. He had been so worried about his house that he'd forgotten to eat. Hopefully that wouldn't occur to Jody, or he'd get an earful about needing to take better care of himself. A small smile crept its way onto his face just at the idea.
About a movie and six shots in, he felt his phone buzz and looked down, disoriented. Picking it up and bringing it closer to his face, he saw that it was from Novak.
Rubbing a hand down his face, he started pacing through his living room, trying to think of any way that he could make this better for himself and worse for Novak. Unfortunately, he wasn't having a lot of luck with ideas, coming up with nothing in the few minutes he paced around. Groaning, he downed the rest of his coffee and grabbed his phone, resolving to go for a walk and clear his head. God, this was a mess, wasn't it?
"I get beat the hell up for her, and this is the thanks I get?" He huffed, flopping onto Dean's bed. Immediately, he rolled onto his back, holding his face. Charlie laughed, and Dean snorted.
Dean groaned as he felt teeth nip at his bottom lip, digging his nails into Castiel's back and gesturing him in with his legs around his waist. He let out a moan at the feeling of Castiel's own obvious hardness against his thigh, and Cas pulled back to look at Dean, gasping.
"I need to get home, but you promise me that you'll call if you need anything," she said, no room for argument in her tone. He nodded, then answered out loud when it was apparent that she wasn't satisfied with just a nod.
They finished off the scene and then did a few more takes with minor adjustments, finally getting done well past lunch. Another scene was being filmed that day, but neither Dean or Novak were needed for it, so they went off to give back the costumes and get their makeup removed. Dean managed to keep his distance, getting away slightly before Novak did.
Without hesitation, they both stood, nodding. The driver arrived momentarily, having been texted earlier, and they all got in, complete silence falling over them. They had run out of tears to cry, things to say, and were left with an empty space in the car where Jess should have been. Dean stared out the window again, trying as hard as he could to commit his best times with Jess to memory permanently.
"Dean," Sam answered, and his voice sounded shattered in a way it never had before. Dean put one hand on the counter next to him for support, not sure he could stand through what was coming next if Sam was this torn up.
After they had settled in, Dean turned off the light and relaxed back into Cas. For no reason. He didn't need to or feel comforted by his presence. Letting out a soft breath, Cas muttered against his neck.
Dean couldn't argue with that logic. Pushing Castiel off of him slightly, he quickly took his pajamas off and stepped into the now hot shower, Cas following immediately after him and shutting the shower door.
Whatever. Dean never could figure out what was in his head, not even after getting in his pants. At that point, he wasn't sure there was anything in his head to get into.
Getting his tears under control slightly, he sat up a bit off of Castiel's chest, his face not three inches from Cas's own. Taking a shaky breath, he held onto Cas's face.
"You wanna act like an animal?" Cas spat, leaning in to Dean's face. "Fine, then I'll just fuck you like the bitch that you are."
First of all, Cas had bruises on his arms. Not anything too bad, and not very many, but bruises he hadn't had earlier. Second, a few of his knuckles looked busted, and there was blood on them. Third, he was grinning like none of those things were true.
Almost ten minutes later, the set was good and they were ready for them. Dean headed on, getting seated at the table he was supposed to be at for the scene. It was set in a cafe in the city, so he was perfectly happy about the coffee they gave him to drink at one point in the scene. Because, after all, when had he been known to pass up caffeine?
When he finally snapped himself out of his thoughts of Novak, he realized the water was beginning to cool. Shaking his head and turning it off, he stepped out and dried off, looking at himself in the mirror as he did. Jesus, he looked even worse than he felt. The bags under his eyes combined with the way his face had flushed from the heat of the shower made him look like he had some really creative face paint on. Turning away, he walked back into his bedroom and toward the closet to get dressed. Just at that moment, his phone rang, and he winced at the noise. Fuck, why did he have that so loud?
"Alright, fill me in," Dean said, rolling his eyes at Crowley enthusiastically beginning the rundown. He always did this, waiting until Dean asked for dramatic effect.
Watching Cas talk about work, or anything he was passionate about, gave Dean that same stupid feeling in his chest that he refused to acknowledge or give a name to. He was starting to worry that he knew exactly what it was, and if he were right, it could end badly for him. For Cas.
The next day, Dean woke with a raging hang over and a significant amount of regret over his choices the previous day. Fuck, he should not drink while he was upset. He wasn't trying to become his father.
This pattern went on for nearly two hours, with notes every time, before Thomas was fully satisfied with the result. Smiling, he gave them the thumbs up after yelling cut, and Mikey sighed dramatically.
Getting in the car and settling in, he ordered dinner to be delivered to his place, finding that he was already pretty hungry again. To be fair, he'd been working for hours since lunch, and it was just about time for dinner as it was. These days were long, but they were also rewarding. For once, he had a completely clear head, which wasn't a common occurrence these days.
He remembered having Sam, Jess, and Charlie over, and they'd started drinking. At some point, more people had shown up. But right after the people started being in his house, his mind went blank. His bed was empty, which was a good sign. At least he hadn't made any regrettable sexual choices, not that he'd mind someone hot in his bed.
"Do you guys just wanna sleep in my bed? I know I don't really feel like being alone," he said quietly.
For the time being, he resumed his strategy of ignoring it completely. They sat that way for hours, Cas having curled his arm around Dean at some point as well. Finally, it began to get late, and Dean yawned loudly, catching Cas's attention. He looked down at Dean, amusement playing on his features. Quirking an eyebrow, he grinned at Dean.
"Hey," he said quietly, and Dean hated how his heart jumped. They were fucking, not dating. And didn't he still hate him?
He didn't dare put his phone away, knowing they'd answer swiftly. Sure enough, as he grabbed his food from the microwave, he heard his phone buzzing on the countertop.
"Dean, we don't get along professionally, and we don't always get along socially, but I don't hate you. Not like I used to, not anymore. Because if anything, this has made me realize that we're both just people. This whole hating each other shit? It's stupid. And as for why I came over," he continued, leaning into the counter, "I came over because I lost a close friend years ago, and I know exactly what this feels like. Plus, Jess was an incredible person, and I can't say that I'm not feeling a little bit of what you are too."
"Not to my knowledge, no. I just like to meet new people, if you're not opposed," he stated, a glint in his eye. Dean wasn't sure if that was acting or real. He didn't care to find out.
At some point, Novak had gotten dressed too, and had almost left before realizing that something was massively wrong with Dean. He crouched down in front of Dean, eyes far more panicked than Dean would have thought they would be for someone he considered an enemy. Finally, he and Sam said their goodbyes, and Dean let go, sobbing brokenly as Novak sat down next to him and let him lean on him. Dean wasn't sure why he was being so kind suddenly, but he needed it and he wasn't about to ask now.
"Sam. Thank god. How are you holding up? Have you slept as little as I have?" He questioned, sitting up slightly.
Shaking his head, he covered Charlie's mouth with one hand and moved her vaguely behind him while facing Sam and Jess.
"What the hell are we doing?" He asked, and Dean was still angry as hell that Cas was here, but also very turned on.
It seems that Cas had brought lube to this encounter, because his slicked finger began to tease Dean's hole without the drawer having been opened. Dean didn't know if that was something he really wanted to focus on, but had the decision made for him when Cas pushed his finger in and all of Dean's focus went immediately to the intrusion. There was no gentleness in the way Cas was stretching him. In fact, it felt like he was doing everything in his power to not snap and fuck him raw in his rage.
And if he shuffled closer to Cas's sleeping form before dozing off, well, no one needed to know that.
"You get your ass kicked in that fight, or are you just hung over?" He teased. Sam flipped him off, but still answered.
Slamming a chair as he sat down in it, he didn't say a word as Charlie sat next to him, also brooding. She didn't like the bastard any more than Dean did.
Fuck, this was getting complicated. He would worry about that later. For the moment, he would focus on grieving his friend and preparing himself for the funeral. Shaking his head slightly, he settled closer to Novak, ignoring the complicated thoughts in his head on the matter. Instead, he let himself just be. After all, he would have plenty of time to worry later. He needed to save his energy for those situations where he could.
In the end, he sat some spectacular pasta dish that Dean couldn't pronounce the name of down in front of him, and Dean wolfed it down so quickly he almost choked. When he had finally finished, he looked up and saw Castiel looking at him with sad eyes. As soon as he was caught, though, Cas looked away, clearing his throat quietly.
Dean stood up immediately, feeling his blood boil as Novak shut the door behind him. Staring Dean down, he moved closer, speaking plainly.
"What the fuck did I manage to miss?" Sam asked, and that only made them laugh harder. Finally, they settled down enough that Jess could explain to Sam and Charlie could go shower. As Jess was talking, Sam noticed the sweatshirt as well, yelling indignantly and tickling Jess relentlessly as she squealed and tried to get away. Dean was watching this with amusement, ignoring Jess's pleas to save her from the madman that was Sam.
Once he was sure that his coffee was on the way, he settled in on his couch for a bit and texted back to the group chat, which had been filled with all three of his friends' texts since he'd left it the previous night. As soon as he text back to tell them he wasn't dead, they all answered and told him he was an asshole for making them worry. Chuckling, he text back quickly and told them they were being dramatic, which was met with several expletives from Charlie and Sam while Jess just used sass. Trying his best to derail the topic of collectively dragging him, he decided to bring up the movie.
Pulling himself back from Dean, he gave him one final peck and a wave over his shoulder as he disappeared toward the road. Dean stood still for a second, then let his fingers ghost over his lips. That was incredible, and Cas had to have known what he was doing.
Giving his friends free reign of his pajama drawer, he stripped down to his boxers and threw on some random pajama pants. As he was getting into bed beside Charlie, who had settled herself in the middle, he heard a quiet sob rip itself from Sam. He turned to see what had happened, immediately wishing he hadn't.
"I'm gonna make breakfast, if that's okay," he said, receiving a nod of approval from Dean. Dean's heart jumped again. God, he almost wanted to strangle himself for having these complicated emotions at the worst time known to man. Before he had processed that, Cas was already out of the room and into the kitchen.
Dean glanced at her outstretched phone and saw that, yes, she was right. People had begun using the tag for unrelated things or for shredding the people sharing the picture. The relief that he felt at that was instantaneous. Not only did people not hate him for this, they were as fucking outraged by his being outed as his own friends were. It was a lot more encouraging than he had hoped for, honestly.
Dean's character, Harris, threw the first punch. After that, it was a consistent back and forth. A table was broken after someone was thrown on it, glass shattered, and neither character backed down. Harris couldn't believe the nerve of this guy, the disrespect, and Dean's face reflected that cleanly. Castiel's face was also completely on point for his character, Max, who knew Harris was a threat and either wanted him as an ally or gone. Dean didn't let it distract him, but it was impressive.
Final checks were run, and after far too long, they were ready. The two set up, hands in position, and Cas smirked at Dean. Dean rolled his eyes and gave him the same look back. Both of them wiped it off of their faces quickly, because within a few moments of beginning their mini face off, the director had begun speaking.
Getting only a groan in response, Dean did it again, getting swatted this time as Novak mumbled something incoherent into his neck. Letting out an exasperated noise, Dean tried to wiggle free, to no avail. Shaking his head, he turned it over his shoulder to try to look at Castiel.
"You go throw your temper tantrum, Winchester, and I will feel free to enjoy your party!" He laughed, disappearing back into the building. Dean took a deep breath, then slammed his fist against the wall and took a deep breath. Once he was slightly calmer, he continued his walk to the car, wishing more than anything that he could just punch the son of a bitch and let off all the steam he caused.
Sitting down, he immediately realized that wasn't the case, and they were on their way over. Smiling at them, he elbowed Charlie, who spluttered, but then realized what he meant. She smiled too, glad they'd come over. Of all of them, Charlie loved meeting fans the most.
Once he was fully turned, his suspicions were confirmed. None other than Castiel Novak was standing there, dancing as if he hadn't noticed Dean was there. The motherfucker always ruined his fun, wherever he went. He was a god damned cockroach.
Dean felt like time had stopped all around him for the second time in a week. This had to be some kind of cosmic fucking karma. First one of his best friends dies, and then he gets outed by the paparazzi because he was kissing a guy he can hardly stand half the time. This was getting fucking ridiculous at this point.
"What? What is it?" He asked, and Dean simply slid his phone over to where Cas could read it. The article that said that the driver who had killed Jess was adamantly claiming that it was her fault and that he wouldn't spend a day in jail. The article that said that despite the guy having an illegal blood-alcohol content, he was from a rich family who fully intended to get him off the hook entirely. The article that said that the family was slandering Jess and trying to make it sound like she was at fault.
"We have work, dumb ass. We have jobs? And we have to go do them today?" He said again, and Cas finally heard him, groaning and flopping onto his back as he released Dean from the cuddle hold. Shaking his head at the dramatics, Dean stood and out his hands on his hips.
Eventually, he managed to drag himself out of bed and get a shower, letting the warm water and steam settle over him with a sigh. As he stood in the water, his mind couldn't help but drift back to the night before and that Novak asshole. That cocky fucking smile that never failed to piss him off, the better-than-you attitude, and that taunting look he liked to give. It was the perfect storm to make Dean want to crush his skull.
"I told you, you didn't deserve that. And you can still press your charges, but I wanted to handle it too," he said.
That was how Dean found himself in his living room, plastered, with a bunch of Hollywood's wilder members in his house and music blasting. He didn't remember inviting people, but he must have at some point, either that or his friends did. Either way, he didn't particularly give a shit. It was a fun fucking party.
"I'm not sure," he finally answered, a deep and shuddering breath wracking him as he tried to keep the tears at bay again. "I hope it gets easier, but I can't promise that it will. The only thing I can promise is that this means that we loved her, and loving her was worth the hard parts."
As soon as it was shut, he had Dean pushed against the shower wall, lifting under one of his thighs so it rested against his hip. Dean moaned involuntarily at the slow slide of skin on skin as their cocks came in contact. Fuck, he always forgot how big Castiel was until he was touching it.
"Say it," she said, and he scrunched his nose in confusion. Without missing a beat, she filled him in. "Say that Olive Garden breadsticks are superior to other bread."
"Fuck, you're tight," he whispered, gripping Dean's hips like he'd die if he didn't. "Every time we do this you feel so much better than I remember."
Throwing his hands up and flopping onto his back, Dean groaned. Charlie snorted, and he could almost see the look she and Jess were giving each other. Without sitting up, he answered with an arm over his face.
"You can't just be funny while I'm trying to take a drink," he complained, and she doubled over laughing at him, which he chose to ignore. Sighing, he sipped more of his coffee, shaking his head.
She talked his ear off the whole time she did his makeup, thankfully not addressing any of the big things that had happened to him recently. He knew that she knew; fuck, the whole crew had gotten notified. But he was so grateful that she was distracting him from his problems instead of talking about them. That may have just been so he didn't cry and ruin his makeup, though. Hey, either way was fine with him.
Dean came with a wail, Cas following right behind him. He felt the warmth fill him up as he clung to Castiel for dear life, the only thing holding Dean up their shaky grips on one another. When they both came back to themselves, Cas gave Dean a lopsided smile.
In all of his life, he had never seen his friends move as fast as they did when food was involved. Within seconds, they were on the couch next to him, digging into the bags of food. Sam managed to hog the entire bag of bacon, inciting the rage of Charlie, who absolutely attempted to tackle him for it as he ran away. This resulted in Jess laughing and almost choking, which ended the game of running with food.
"You guys are assholes, but you're helpful assholes," he teases, and Sam snorts. It's the first time Dean's heard him laugh since Jess, and he can't deny that the sound is a welcome one.
Isaiah got him into costume and situated, then sent him over to makeup to see Rayna. On his way over, he passed Novak going to costume, and the other man didn't even glance at him. Oh, so they were still playing this that way, huh? Dean could do that shit.
Castiel tilted his head slightly, as if weighing his options. Just before Dean was about to talk again, he seemed to have decided, because he surged forward, slamming his mouth on Dean's. To Dean's eternal annoyance, he responded instantly, kissing back and clawing to bring Castiel closer. The other man picked him up under his legs and set him on the counter behind Dean, never separating from him.
"For fuck's sake," Dean said under his breath as the character died. That was entirely her own fault. He couldn't even really feel that bad for her.
"I'm- fuck, I'm c-close," Dean managed to stutter out, and Cas only went harder, causing Dean to moan so loudly he was sure the whole set could hear. Within thirty seconds, he came hard, his whole body shaking as he did. He heard Castiel swear and then collapse over Dean, holding himself up on the counter.
Dean threw his head back, a strangled moan of pain and pleasure tearing itself from his throat as his hands dug into Cas's shoulder blades, scrambling for purchase. There was no slow start, no warm up. The punishing pace that Cas set was instantaneous, and Dean didn't mind one bit. Cas's hands had found a death grip on his hips, and Dean could feel his nails breaking the skin as he thrust roughly into him.
"You know I'd never hurt you, right?" Cas, or more accurately, his character, said. Dean looked up sharply, a bit shocked. He put a hand on Cas's cheek gently.
Going back to his trailer to grab some things before he headed off set, he shut the door behind him and took a deep breath. He supposed Novak had been mostly bearable during work today, so that was a plus. Just as he went to grab his things, the trailer door swung open, again, and he let out an exasperated sigh. Turning quickly, he saw that Novak was back in his god damn trailer, shutting the door again.
Castiel drifted out moments later, and Dean turned to him with a wicked grin on his face. Immediately, Cas quirked an eyebrow, walking a bit slower as he approached Dean.
He didn't bother to cook anything, just grabbed some leftovers from previous takeout nights and heated them up. As they were cooking, he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. His eyebrows furrowed as he fished for his phone in the pocket of his pajama pants. He made a triumphant noise and relaxed his face as he found it, only for his eyebrows to go right back to their previous position when he saw what the message was about.
He didn't have to wait long until his phone buzzed again, and he took a long drink of his coffee as he read what Crowley said.
So far, they had had to film a few scenes where Dean and Novak had been directly interacting, including the scene that morning. It was the dialogue scene before a fight scene, so they had to act pissed anyway, which was not helping the situation.
When he finally did wake up, he was certain his head was going to explode. Groaning quietly, he turned away from the window, massaging his temple. What the fuck had happened last night?
"Thank you," he whispered, and Castiel nodded before turning to leave, the glint of tears coming back to his eye as he vanished out the doorway. Dean let another sob out before heading outside to find his driver. Hopefully, if anyone asked, Novak would tell them what happened and why he'd left. He couldn't believe it, but he really thought he would.
"...I may have," he answered, and she shrieked with laughter, catching Dean off guard. She turned to Sam and held out a hand, cackling.
Cas clutched his chest like he had been shot, staggering backwards. He looked at Dean, betrayal on his face as he collapsed to his knees. Dean couldn't help but laugh at his dramatics.
Charlie saw a girl and eventually vanished to make the moves, and Dean went to find Sam again. He always ended up looking for Sam, because drunk Sam was a wild motherfucker. If he wasn't too drunk, he was always the life of the party. Either that, or being the problem child.
"So I take it that it was worth it," she joked, and Dean rolled his eyes at her and laughed. Heading for the door, he called back to her.
But instead, he had to deal with his annoying shit, because celebrity fist fights weren't good for anyone's reputation.
Sitting up, he grabbed his phone and checked the time, seeing that it was pretty well into the morning, almost noon. Rubbing a hand over his face, he let out a deep sigh. Despite his pounding headache, he should probably get up and get a damn shower, at least. Standing slowly, he made his way over to the bathroom and turned the water on, letting it heat up as he took off the pajamas he had put on the evening before.
"Samuel, it is time. We're going on a mission to the drinks table," she said, and he nodded seriously. Turning to Charlie and Dean, she continued. "If we don't return, you'll have to make the journey yourselves and mourn our loss."
With that, the line went dead, so Crowley was off to do some managerial shit that Dean couldn't care less about. That was what he had hired him for, after all, to be his agent. As annoying as Crowley could be, he was damned good at his job, and Dean was grateful to have him handle his shit, not that he'd ever tell him that. Crowley's ego was high enough as it was, and Dean would not be the one to feed into it further.
"Alright, I have to get back to the house and make sure Claire hasn't killed anything. I'll talk to you later, alright?" Jody said, giving him another hug before releasing him and walking off. He waved as she left, and she raised a hand over her head to flip him off, leaving Dean the one to shake his head.
Without much thought, he threw on a sweatshirt and jeans, padding out to the kitchen to get something to eat. He had just reached the fridge when his doorbell rang, causing him to wince sharply. Fucking hang overs, man. Shaking his head like that would dispel the steady pounding in his skull, he walked downstairs and wondered who would have showed up unannounced. The question was answered for him as soon as he twisted his doorknob, because the door was thrown open and in stomped Novak, slamming it behind him.
"Dean, I know it feels like shit right now, but you're going to be okay. You're easily one of the strongest people I know. If anybody can do this, you can," she whispered, patting his arm again.
The conversation died down a bit when the food came, all of them eating very enthusiastically. However, this quiet didn't last long, as they soon began discussing Jess's current gig, starring in a tv show with a fantastic love triangle and a bunch of other shit. However, they liked to bully her about the love triangle, because one of the guys was one of the guys she considered a celebrity crush, despite literally being a celebrity herself.
"That was my manager. I have a meeting I can't miss, and he wants me there as soon as I can be," Cas said, grabbing his shoes. "If you need me again, whether it be today or in two weeks, text me and I'll show up." Cas gave him a serious look, standing by the stairs. "I know what it's like to lose someone, Dean. To want to curl in on yourself and let it fester. Promise me you won't do that to yourself," Cas whispered.
After a few more sobs and choking breaths, Sam finally managed to calm down enough to get the few words out.
"Oh, no. Do not smile at me with fake blood in your teeth," he said, pretending to faint when Dean snapped his teeth at him.
Dean had gone to set on the day that marked three weeks from final day. That was, if they did everything on time. It was set to happen that way, and if they stayed on schedule, it would. Some of his only scenes left to film were their romance scenes that didn't involve any sexual content. He found his chest feeling odd after thinking about it, but brushed it off in favor of focusing on the work ahead for the day.
"We need to shower," Dean said, nodding toward the bathroom in the trailer. Cas nodded, removing his arm completely and standing, then helping Dean up. As they went to move to the bathroom, Dean heard a knock on the door to the trailer.
Someone had taken pictures of the paint on his house, and it was apparently big news. It was Charlie that had text to tell him, and Sam had immediately followed up with indignant rage that only a brother friend could hold. Dean shot them a quick text back, wanting to let them know that the problem had been mostly solved.
"Hey, I'm Thomas, your director. Crowley and I have met," he said, laughing. Dean smiled back at him, ready to get this show, or rather, movie, on the road.
Dean groaned, adjusting quickly. Before he knew it, there were what felt like three fingers working him open, and he was panting, scrabbling for any purchase on the smooth counter top but finding nothing. Suddenly, a hot wave of pleasure shot through him, and he moaned loudly, legs shaking.
"That's what he came all this way for?" Charlie managed to squeak out, and Dean nodded. "Does he not realize that'll make it worse if press saw him near your place?" She dissolved into another wheezing fit, and Dean couldn't help but start laughing at the point she had made. As the three of them were trying to remember how to breathe, Sam came out of the bathroom, looking confused as shit.
Making his way outside, he took a deep breath, leaning his head back. Letting a small smile creep onto his face, he put his hands in his pockets and started walking through his neighborhood. He didn't live anywhere super high profile, just a quiet but nice neighborhood in the city, and he liked it that way. Why have a mansion or some high rise apartment? He didn't need it, it would be lonely. He preferred a decent sized but nice house and neighbors he could actually enjoy talking to.
Shaking his head slightly, he finally answered the question she had asked. "He left earlier. He said he needs some time alone," he explained. She nodded, hugging her knees to her chest and staring off at the wall with a sigh. After a few minutes, she turned her head to look at Dean, resting her cheek on her knees.
Pulling it together, they did actually grab the gear they had been instructed to get. As it turned out, they were doing fight choreography first, which would hopefully only take an hour so they could get to shooting. It wasn't surprising, really. Dean had just expected fight choreo to be before the actual day of shooting instead of on it. Whatever, more fun fuck it up hilariously and then shoot it seriously all in one day.
Moving to the kitchen, he decided to make a decent breakfast so that his stomach wouldn't feel as bad as his head did. As soon as the bacon started frying, Sam stirred to life, groaning loudly and covering his eyes. Jess then slowly woke, poking Sam's nose.
Once he reached the front door, he unlocked it and had hardly opened it when he got shoved backwards. Dean shouted, looking up to see none other than the joy that was Novak. For fuck's sake, it was like nine am. What the hell was his deal?
"Yes, of course! Costume department is this way," Thomas said, leading the way as Dean followed behind. Crowley didn't, presumably staying to make sure everything was safe and in order. As moody as he was, he was good like that.
Dean shook his head as he turned on the water, letting the warm steam fill up the room as the water heated. Once the shower was ready, Dean turned to Castiel where he leaned on the counter.
“Novak got pissed off, so he's done for the day. And we can't film a different scene, because we already got this one ready for filming. We'll just have to start again tomorrow," Thomas sighed, and Dean groaned, rolling his eyes.
"Ok, Dean. Text if you need me, you got it? We're in this together, so don't do that shit that you do where things get hard and you shut everyone out and refuse to deal with it," Sam said, still managing to sound stern. Dean glanced over at the sleeping Cas, answering quietly.
Walking back to set slowly, he saw the director talking to Novak's agent. Shit, what the hell was he trying to pull here? Was this a deeper plan than Dean had thought, after all?
Throwing on a pair of boxers and putting his towel up, he flopped into bed, curling into the pillows and yanking the blanket up over himself. Before he knew it, his eyes were heavy, and the world faded out into sleep.
As soon as he got in the door, he could hear the yelling from upstairs. Going up as quickly as he could, he walked into his living room to see Sam and Charlie playing Mario Kart and shrieking at each other while Jess took turns trying to sabotage them. Sam and Charlie were, as usual, sitting on his coffee table, and Jess was on the couch behind them. Hearing Dean come up, Jess turned, smiling. However, this immediately dropped, a shocked expression covering it.
"From where, motherfucker? From where? You're a lying piece of shit!" She yelled, continuing to hit him. Dean was laughing his ass off, and Jess was still in the corner, looking like she wanted to shoot both of them.
Soon enough, Novak had emerged from makeup and was making his presence known by being loud and vaguely in the way of everyone. Jesus, he really was the worst. Shaking his head, Dean went back to the lines, knowing damn well Novak would leave him be for now. At least they were filming a pretty basic scene today, one of the ones where both of them were in civilian attire and his character didn't know that the other character, Jamie, was the villain. However, Jamie knew that Harris was the hero, so he was trying to get close to him on purpose. Over all, just a basic interaction between people. If anything, Novak had the hard part.
Cas added another finger, thrusting them roughly into Dean as he scissored them to open him up. Dean tried to push back on the fingers only for the hand shoving his head to the floor to push harder, and he gave up immediately. That would not be a fight that he would win, not when they were both in this mood.
"How dare you say something like that to me!" Cas shouted, falling onto the ground. "I give you my heart, my time, my dick, and this is what I am rewarded with?"
After an excruciating twenty minutes, he heard his doorbell ring and dragged himself up from the couch to answer it. He caught sight of his reflection in a window on his way down, stopping dead at the way he looked. His eyes were red and puffy, and there didn't seem to be any light behind them. There were bags under his eyes, and he looked pale and exhausted. His hair was a mess, and so were his clothes. Fuck, he was a mess.
Immediately, they went for it. It was going surprisingly well, and Dean hadn't accidentally hit Castiel yet. Weirdly enough, they managed to get to the end of it without dying rather effectively. The stunt coordinator seemed impressed, nodding.
"Getting laid, unlike you losers," Charlie said, walking in from the elevator. Snatching the plate that Dean had been wise enough to make her, she also sat down, and then Dean did the same with his own food. They ate in quiet peace, and then the gang all went on their separate ways to go home. Charlie went as well, despite having just gotten there. She always came for morning after party breakfast, as it had become a tradition. Dean cleaned up the dishes, flopping onto his couch again and taking a deep breath.
His breathing fell even before Dean could talk around how choked up he had gotten, and after giving up on responding, Dean himself drifted off as well.
Deciding that it wasn't worth it that night, he shot Novak a glare and flipped him off as he walked away, Charlie close behind. They spotted Sam and Jess at a table near where they'd been standing, and he made a beeline for them. Sam looked up, and the smile dropped from his face as he saw the expression on Dean's. Jess looked up as well, but she looked more concerned than anything.
Feeling like the walls were closing in on him, he scrambled for the tv remote, turning on a movie to try to distract himself. Sam kept monitoring the media, but Charlie settled on Dean's side, giving him a reassuring squeeze on the arm as they watched together. When Dean didn't relax, she looked up at him gently and sighed, getting him to glance down at her.
"Shut up, bitch," Cas said, leaning down to murmur in Dean's ear. "We wouldn't want any more rumors flying, now would we?"
Without looking, she turned the tv off, getting screams of rage from both Sam and Charlie before they also turned, the same expression on their faces when they locked on Dean. Glancing between the three of them, Dean crossed his arms defensively.
Finally, they both ran out of tears to cry, of things to say. Charlie got up and headed out, Dean seeing her to the door and hugging her goodbye. He couldn't help himself from whispering a quick "be safe" in her ear, and he cried yet again as soon as the door shut behind her.
"Are you fucking kidding me, Crowley?" Dean shouted into the phone, having called his agent just to be pissy. "You couldn't have done anything at all? God damnit!"
After what felt like hours but couldn't have been more than five minutes, Dean stood and went back upstairs, not bothering to check if his door was locked. He found that he didn't give a shit if someone wanted to try to break in today. It would be the least of his problems. Shaking his head, he wandered over to the living area and plopped down onto the couch he'd been practically living on since he had heard the news about Jess. Jess would have known what to do, how to help him.
"What sounds good, Dean? I'm a pretty good cook, for all that's worth," he said, a sad smile finding its way onto his face. Dean sighed, leaning down and resting his head on his arms, which were crossed on the countertop.
Shaking his head, Dean didn't move, knowing that he hadn't bothered to lock the door. What the fuck was Novak's deal? It's not like he was his fucking boyfriend, so why was he sending Dean's friends to check on him after being told to leave? Groaning in frustration, Dean ran his hands down his face roughly, something that was becoming a bit of a habit these days. Standing, he decided to get himself a pop from the fridge while he waited for his impromptu guests.
"Don't worry about it. I could tell you had a rough day yesterday, so I figured you needed it. Plus, it was a good excuse to get myself some," he said, holding his up for Dean to see. Dean chuckled, sipping his coffee and looking out the windows as they went on their way.
"We really are a mess, aren't we?" He whispered, and Cas just gave him a small nod, moving his right hand to cup Dean's cheek. Dean almost couldn't bear the tender look in his eyes as he leaned into the touch. As much as they had claimed to hate each other in the past, they seemed to work just fine when they needed to.
The car rolled up to his house, and he made his way up to the front door slowly. Once inside, he found that he couldn't handle any more of the empty fucking feeling in his chest. Stomping upstairs, he changed into comfortable clothes and grabbed a bottle of vodka, not caring at all that it was only noon. Sitting down on the couch, he turned on the tv and elected to get fucking trashed instead of thinking about his feelings.
"What was that for?" Dean asked quietly. Cas ran a thumb over his cheek, that same smile still playing on his lips.
Dean couldn't help it, he was laughing too. Putting his hands on his hips, he rolled his eyes at Cas.
"Yep, that's the spot," he said, angling to hit there every time. Dean was barely breathing trying to keep up, rocking back to meet Cas's thrusts into him. God, this was the roughest sex he'd ever had to date, not that he was complaining. It wasn't long before he felt himself coming very close to the edge.
Laughing softly where he was licking at Dean's jaw, Cas came up to press their lips together. Grinding his hips against Dean's, he earned himself a gasp, using it to lick his tongue into Dean's mouth. Dean already felt like his legs were jelly, and the hand that wasn't holding Dean's leg against Cas's hip cradled Dean's face to let Cas deeper into his mouth. God, it was so easy to overthink outside of sex, but when they were here it was all Dean wanted.
Giving them the okay to try the mock fight, the stunt coordinator stepped back, crossing her arms over her chest. Dean turned his head to Cas, shooting him a grin and getting one right back. They got in their starting positions, waiting.
For weeks, Cas had been spending several nights a week at Dean's place. Sometimes he stayed, sometimes he didn't, but Dean always enjoyed the company. After all, he was still grieving Jess, and it was nice to have someone to lean on when he needed it. Cas seemed more than happy to be that person to lean on. As fast as it had happened, Dean knew that it should strike him as strange. It just... didn't. It wasn't like he was super attached to the romantic shit that seemed to be happening with them, but it was nice.
Unfortunately for Dean, Castiel didn't seem to like playing nice either. As soon as Dean started kissing back, he grabbed Dean's hips, hard, and slammed him back against the wall. Dean let out a surprised noise, and Castiel used the opportunity to shove his tongue into Dean's mouth. It felt damn good, actually, and he almost didn't want to stop. But then he realized who he was doing this with, feeling his stomach drop, and hit Novak in the chest, shoving him back. Why did he always have moments of clarity at the worst god damn times?
"Hey, guys. Now that we've met once, are you ready to pretend we're all best friends?" He asked, laughing. They laughed with him, Erica chiming in.
He didn't even get to finish the thought before he was jerked around by the shoulder, finding himself looking into the face of none other than Novak himself, who was smirking. Jesus Christ, it was taking every ounce of his self control to keep from punching that look off his face.
Settling in with a blanket, Dean grabbed the remote and turned on a random movie. Glancing over, he noticed that Cas was still at the counter, not seeming sure if he was allowed to follow. A small nod from Dean was all it took to get him to come over and settle next to Dean, who immediately leaned on his shoulder and let himself be wrapped in those arms again. He was sure that under normal circumstances, he would be mortified by this behavior. But these were far from normal circumstances, and he found that he didn't particularly give a shit.
He didn't snap out of it until the doorbell rang again, shaking his head and going the rest of the way down to open the door. Opening it, he was met with a shockingly worried looking Castiel. Quickly coming inside and shutting the door behind himself, Castiel gave Dean a quick once over and then glanced at the mess he had made earlier while downstairs.
Castiel seemed to like his answer, though, because within a few seconds he felt the blunt head press against him. Moaning, Dean panted, waiting and writhing in his impatience. Finally, Cas had mercy, pressing forward until the pressure broke and the head pushed in. He didn't slow down or stop, fully sheathing himself inside of Dean. Stopping there, he took a shuddering breath.
"Yes, it fucking matters, Dean! That's all I needed to hear to know that you're using it as a coping mechanism again. We told you last time to stop that shit, and I'll tell you again. You keep going down this path, and you'll end up exactly like John," she snapped.
Dean had gotten out of the shower first, sore and tired, while Novak insisted on staying in the shower a while longer. Whatever, at least it meant Dean could get away from him and then he could get the hell out. Heading out of the bathroom in a towel, the noise of the shower faded and he heard his phone buzzing relentlessly. Heading over to where he had left it, he got dressed while he looked at what was going on.
"I can't stay here," he choked out. "Do you want to come back with me so you don't have to be alone?"
Dean sank to the floor, back against the wall, and just stared at the door. What was he supposed to do now? It would be all over the internet within the day, possibly within a few hours. It wasn't like he could deny it. It was him, in his house. With Novak, of all people he could have been fucking caught with. Dean groaned, putting his head in his hands and yelling to no one for a moment. God, what had he done to deserve this?
Cas's face lifted immediately, and he nodded gently, as if he were trying not to spook Dean. Following Dean as he padded to his room, he stood in the doorway and waited. Dean dug through his pajama drawer for something that would probably fit Cas, chucking it at him as he began to change into his own pajamas. He heard Cas make a choked off indignant noise, seeming to have gotten the pajama directly to the face. Dean tried to laugh quietly, but he turned out to be god awful at that. Cas leveled him with a glare when he finally did look at him.
"Why leave so soon? Am I really getting to you that badly?" He said, chuckling and leaning toward Dean menacingly. Fucking Christ, he was very much in Dean's personal space, and it wasn't helping the urge to hit him. He could literally feel Castiel's breath on his face as he spoke. "You're losing your cool, Winchester."
After that, it was just Castiel who had scenes left for the day between the two of them, since they had accomplished the miracle that was getting it right in one take. Saluting him as he turned and walked away, Dean made his way to makeup to get the fake blood and bullshit off of him. Rayna cracked jokes relentlessly, and it go so bad that he was crying the makeup off from laughing as she was trying to remove it.
Hearing the doorbell ring, Dean raised an eyebrow, knowing damn well that the food shouldn't be there yet. Charlie gave him an odd look, Sam having probably filled her in on the food situation. Dean headed out of his bedroom and went for the stairs, thumping down them. Who the fuck would have come to his house? Maybe someone had forgotten something from the party?
"I'm right here, man," he said, and Sam nodded before releasing him and turning to the front as well. Dean was left to his thoughts for only a few minutes, however, before the service was started. It went for a few minutes as a blur, and then the officiant introduced Sam to give a eulogy. Dean glanced up, but he was hardly surprised. Squeezing Sam's shoulder before he went, he felt the empty feeling in his chest threaten to well up at the mechanical way Sam seemed to walk up to the front. He hardly seemed like a person, hardly his energetic self.
Sam glanced over at Charlie and Jess, who were sprawled next to each other and very much out of it. Dean went into the bathroom before he could protest, hearing a vague call of "fuck you" as he shut the door. Snorting, he turned the water on and got in, letting the steam and the heat surround him. Despite his strong desire to hog the shower forever, he washed quickly and got out, going back into his bedroom with a towel on to get clothes. Sam was glaring at Dean, but Jess and Charlie were both up, so there was that.
"There it is," Novak muttered, pulling his fingers out. Dean whined at the loss of contact, feeling deeply empty. Lucky for him, he didn't have to wait long. Within moments, he could feel Castiel's cock against his hole. Sighing, he nodded his head quickly, and Castiel got the hint, sliding inside slowly.
Once inside, he spotted Sam and Charlie next to Jess's parents. Working his way over, he saw the Sam and Charlie had left a seat between them for him. Sitting down gently, he put a hand on Charlie's shoulder and was greeted with a watery smile. She pulled him into a tight hug, small shakes wracking her body as she tried not to cry. When she finally let go, he gave her a small smile, and she nodded, turning to face forward and chewing on her cheek.
Dean let out a shuddering, broken moan, adjusting to the feeling as Castiel got fully inside and stopped moving. Fuck, he was huge. After a minute, Dean had adjusted, rolling his hips against Castiel and moaning at the feeling. Immediately, Cas began moving, starting slowly but working up to a punishing pace. He gripped Dean's hips so tightly he was sure they'd bruise, but the pain felt almost better. It felt good already, but then came that blinding pleasure again, and Dean let out a breathy scream, hearing Cas chuckle behind him.
Finally, he was done for the day, and it was nearly two in the afternoon. Showering quickly, he texted the group chat again, wanting to hang out with them.
Settling into the backseat, Dean sighed as the car began moving. Tapping his finger on his leg absentmindedly, he wondered how Sam and Charlie had been feeling. He hadn't felt like seeing anyone the last few days, and they hadn't reached out, so he really hadn't heard from them. A small bloom of guilt planted itself in his head at the thought. He should have checked on them. It wasn't just them that could initiate conversation. Fuck, why was he so self absorbed sometimes?
"Hey, I'm Isaiah," the guy, Isaiah, said. "Let's get you in the costume for scene one, and then you'll have to come back before the second filming."
Dean patted him on the back and then stumbled off, seeing Charlie making out with some girl he didn't know in the corner. Giving her a thumbs up as he passed, he decided to go to the kitchen and get some water before he fucking puked.
Cas snorted slightly, that incredulous look back on his face as he stared at Dean. He leaned back from Dean slightly to give him a look, not letting go of him as he did so.
Castiel stepped back and peeled his own shirt off, Dean doing the same as he threw his shirt to the floor. In seconds, Castiel was on him again, sucking and nipping at his chest. He rolled Dean's left nipple in his fingers while mouthing the other, getting a rather violent moan from Dean as his head flew back against the wall. He could almost feel the smug bastard's smirk, and Dean was fucking tired of playing games. Yanking him back up, he reconnected their lips, rolling his hips on Castiel's in order to get his message across. Cas laughed, moving back slightly.
Managing to drag himself back to functionality, Dean stepped into the trailer to grab his things, messaging the driver as he did so to see how far away he was. Once he had gotten everything gathered, he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. He could only assume that that meant the driver was there already. Deciding to bet on it, he made his way to the front.
Dean sat down again, confused as hell and even more pissed off than he'd been before. Was this some fucking mind game Novak was playing? No, it couldn't be; he'd looked just as shocked as Dean felt. Then why did he start it? And why did Dean go with it for a minute?
Before he could get too far into his self pity party, the car rolled to a stop outside the location of the service. Dean thanked the driver quietly before stepping out, groaning internally at the sight of paparazzi standing across the street from the venue, snapping pictures of the grieving family and friends. Suddenly enraged by their encroachment on what should, by all accounts, be a private moment, he threw a middle finger toward them and yelled.
He couldn't stop the tears that began falling, no matter how hard he tried, and she immediately noticed. Pulling him into a gentle hug, she let him cry on her shoulder until he was out of tears. Standing back from her, he wiped his face and gave her a weak smile. She was more of a mother to him than his own, and he was pretty sure she knew that. Shaking his head slightly, he turned to the house again, feeling his chest drop out at the words there.
Finally, they stopped laughing, settling down a bit. They turned the tv back on and started Mario Kart again, all the while pestering Dean about it with infinite questions. After they ran out, Jess put together a mental timeline.
This seemed to be holding true, because as Dean moved into the room at the back of the first floor, he saw Sam getting in a guy's face. Dean moved over quickly, hearing what Sam said as he did.
It took him an unreasonably long time to clean up, and by the time the driver got there, it was mid afternoon. On the way home, he decided to text the group chat and have his friends come over to hang out. After the day he'd had, he needed some friend time. Ordering food to his place as well, he sat back and relaxed, waiting to get home.
"Good. Now we just need to do it a few more times and clean it up, and you'll be good to shoot," she said.
Dean was holding onto Cas like he would die if he let go, kissing him even as tears rolled down his face. He felt Cas move his thumbs periodically to wipe his tears away as he kissed him, and the way that he was practically cradling Dean's shaking form. Finally, Dean came up for air to see that Cas's own eyes were also red-rimmed. A small huff of empty laughter found its way out of his chest as he wiped the tears off of Cas's face.
Panting, Cas snapped his hips into Dean sharply and without mercy, a strangled cry leaving Dean at the feeing. A punishing pace was set, and their mouths clashed, a mess of teeth and tongues and desperate breaths. This was the most needy and involved sex Dean had ever had, and he was pretty sure it would ruin any future sex with anyone less enthusiastic. Changing the angle slightly, Cas finally found the perfect spot, making Dean scream out a moan and drag his nails down Cas's back. Smirking against Dean's lips, he let out a simple phrase.
Speaking of, he saw Jody and waved, smiling as she turned and did the same. Walking towards her, he put his arms out on instinct, knowing that she was a hugger. As soon as he was close enough, she gave him one of those bone-crushing hugs he had come to love. Letting him go, she held his shoulders and looked at him sternly.
"Don't forget, Sam, Ryan is not only her love interest, but Ryan is played by Taylor Hammond, who is someone that Jess wants to jump in real life," Dean said, dodging the noodle Jess had chucked at him. Shaking her head, she glared at them.
Finally snapping out of it, he saw Castiel still staring out at the window with that stupid fucking look on his face. Dean knew it wasn't fair, but he was pissed at Castiel. Why did the asshole have to come over here? God, he needed to go, right then. Before Dean decided to kick his ass.
After a few minutes, Dean was panting and sweating, leaning his head against Castiel's chest as he continued the movements of his hand on Dean's cock. Dean shuddered, hitting Cas on the shoulder.
"Get out," Dean whispered, and Cas turned his head to look at him, confusion written all over his features. He started to ask a question, but Dean spoke over him, louder and anger beginning to crawl into his voice. "I said, get out."
The outfit for scene one turned out to be ripped black jeans and an oversized gray hoodie, with a simple pair of black tennis shoes to match. There was a bracelet as well, which he put on with a little difficulty. Once he was sure he had everything, he stepped out, letting Isaiah do a once over and make some slight adjustments. He tucked one side of the sweatshirt just barely into the waistline of the jeans, then let Dean go after pointing him toward makeup.
Before he could say another word, one of Cas's hands came up to cup Dean's face gently as he obliged him. He leaned back into the pillows, letting Dean lean on his slightly reclined chest as he slotted their lips together carefully. If he felt or heard the shaky breath of relief that Dean let out, he didn't indicate it, continuing to kiss Dean as he brought his other hand up to his face as well.
Heading to the bathroom, he decided to take care of the problem that Novak had caused by removing his date just when things were getting interesting. Throwing his clothes off and starting the shower, he stepped under the warm spray, letting his head fall back with a relieved sigh. Letting his hand move downward and close around his cock, he let a quiet groan slip from between his lips. He began moving his hand in a steady rhythm, periodically slowing to run his thumb over his slit and tip or to gently massage his balls. It wasn't long before he knew he was close, and he was trying desperately to be quiet. As he leaned his other hand against the shower wall, he painted, picking up the pace. He was desperate, picturing that girl and her perfect body, her perfect lips, those stunningly blue eyes...
They danced for a few songs, and it was going nothing less than spectacularly. Dean hadn't had this much fun at an after party in a while, mostly because Charlie and the others hadn't been able to make it. They were the life of his parties, and he had missed this. Leaning back on his heels slightly as a break, he felt somebody bump against his back and knock him forward again. Jerking to turn around, he saw the look on Charlie's face before he saw who had hit him and knew who it was. Fuck, he'd had to jinx it, huh?
Once they were sure they had the lighting set correctly and all the cameras were set and ready to go, they started the scene with a waitress coming over and filling Dean's, or, more accurately, Harris's, cup. He smiled up at her, then took a sip and looked out the window. Suddenly, someone sat down across from him, and Harris looked up, startled. Locking eyes with the stranger played by Novak, he raised an eyebrow.
"I'm excited to be here, like I said. This movie seems like it's gonna be incredible. If anything, I'm glad you wanted me to work on it," Dean responded, stopping as Thomas did. Thomas smiled at him, gesturing to the costume department door.
Cas stood from his place rooting around in the fridge, shutting the door and turning to face Dean. He jumped slightly, and Dean let out a tired snort.
He had almost made it to his trailer to drop some things off when he heard his name called from behind. Turning, he saw Cas jogging toward him, a massive grin on his face.
Within a few seconds, Jess had gestured to them, the server ready to lead them to their table. They followed, but Dean kept track of where the two girls were standing, and they hadn't moved yet. Maybe they wouldn't get up the nerve to do so. Sometimes people didn't.
"Now listen, Dean. I know we're filming the romance scenes today, and I know it will be hard for you to suppress the urge to proclaim your real-life love for me on set, but I will need you to hold back for both our sakes," he said, cackling and dodging Dean's poorly aimed smack.
"I don't write the plot, assholes! And yes, I had a crush on Taylor, but that doesn't mean I'm still into him!" She said indignantly, to which Charlie pulled out her phone and began to read.
Texting the driver, he headed downstairs, only to see that not only was the driver already there, but had grabbed him coffee. Getting into the car, he cradled the coffee as it was handed to him, a soft sigh leaving him as he took a sip.
Soon enough, the waitress returned with the drinks they'd ordered, and they all quickly ordered their food, already knowing what they wanted to eat. Charlie dove into the breadsticks as soon as they arrived a moment later, Dean following her on that endeavor. Jess only ate one, trying to save room for her meal. Sam, the sick bastard that he was, didn't even touch them. Dean still couldn't believe him.
Seconds later, cut was called. Dean looked at Cas, who was sizing up his face. Sending a soft smile Cas's way, he bumped their forehead together again.
"What?" He mumbled, and Dean did not find his morning voice attractive at all. Nope, not even a little bit. Sighing, Dean reached over and gently smacked him on the side of his head.
Turning the lights down and sitting down with the rest of his friends, he got some food and settled back, digging in as the introduction rolled. Sighing, he curled into the armrest and continued shoveling lo mein into his mouth. The movie kicked up pretty quickly, with the action beginning early.
It had been about two weeks since the party, and Dean had gotten the script for the new movie about a week previous. As he read through it, he found himself more and more excited for the filming to start, Novak be damned. He'd never gotten to play a character that was designed to go off the deep end, and frankly, he had always wanted to. By the time that the beginning date for filming arrived, he found himself up early and unable to sit still.
Deciding it wasn't worth it to kill himself by overthinking, he put his dishes in the sink and moved over to the living room. Turning on something random, he scrolled his phone as he watched whatever happened to come on. Some things were pretty good, some were shit. So it was with television and movies. If anyone would know, he would.
"Shut the fuck up," he said, but he was definitely smiling, and Jess giggled quietly. Finishing breakfast, Dean put everything on plates and beckoned the two over. They came eagerly, grabbing their plates and sitting at the countertop, eating enthusiastically. Sam looked around, brows furrowed.
Turning to Dean again, her face softened slightly. Before she could say anything, though, Sam had put a hand on Dean's arm. He turned to look at Sam, who just gave him a reassuring look.
Despite the overwhelming support shown by fans, the news had spread like wildfire, and the articles with the picture in the headline were popping up within hours. Of course, this immediately meant that all of the homophobic people in the world gravitated to Dean's social media to harass him. The number of death threats he'd seen pop up in his comments alone was unreal. Charlie and Sam were raging about this fact, while Dean just felt... empty. He hadn't wanted to come out. Fuck, he hadn't even really known what he was yet. But now everyone knew anyway.
"You were out, and people supported you. I know I could be, could have been, but I'm barely accepting of it myself. I was jealous of you because you knew who you were, and you didn't hate yourself for it," Dean sighed. Cas put a hand on his cheek again, and Dean couldn't help leaning into it.
He heard Castiel snort in amusement, muttering something about how Dean "really was a prissy fucking princess." If Dean flushed a bit at the memory that produced, Castiel didn't need to know that. Nor did anyone else.
The credits on the movie rolled, and as Dean stood, stretching, he smiled at the looks on people's faces. He loved premiers, especially on movies he was proud of, because people were always buzzing and wanting to talk to him at the after party. Playing that villain had been difficult, too; he was a complicated bastard, and Dean had had to put his all into it. He simply hoped that people liked it as much as he had.
"Don't do that guilty shit, young man. You were having a hard time. You still are. But I'm here now, and we're talking, so there's nothing to feel guilty about," she said.
With a sigh, Dean wrapped himself around Cas and rested his head on his shoulder again. Cas said nothing about this, moving his arms to hold Dean and rub small circles into his back. They sat that way in silence for hours, until the sunlight was creeping into the room and the birds began singing. It was at this point that Cas shifted, Dean immediately rolling off of him to let him up. Cas reached for his phone and checked the time with a sour expression. He stood and stretched, turning to look at Dean where he still sat.
He leaned back, and Dean shook his head at him slightly. How in the world did Cas expect to get away with this? As if hearing his doubts, Cas pressed his forehead against Dean's.
"Okay, so first you have to meet the director, then go straight to the costume department. From there, you're headed directly for the makeup department. Then we're getting right into shooting. There's gonna be a lunch break between the opener and the second film shoot, so you'll head to your trailer and settle your things in. Then we do the second shoot and you get out of here for the day," Crowley said, taking a deep breath as he tried to talk and keep Dean's pace.
They reshot small chunks of the scene before Thomas was really happy, but they finally got it all up to standards by the end of the day. Dean found himself becoming more and more incapable of separating his real feelings from the ones on screen, and he knew better than anyone that that was a bad sign.
Looking like he'd been hit, Cas stepped back, expression fading into one of sad understanding. Fuck him for thinking he knew what Dean was feeling, what he thought. Dean stepped forward, slamming his hands on Novak's chest and screaming at him.
Cas shrugged, turning to Dean with a smile that still hadn't faded. He pulled him closer by the waist, seemingly nonchalant about the whole affair. Leaning close to Dean's ear, he spoke quietly.
Cas didn't comment on it, and Dean was grateful for that. Once the food was plated, he handed Dean his plate and silverware and silently began eating his own. Dean followed suit, not feeling hungry but knowing that he needed to eat all the same. When they had both finished, Cas took the dishes to the sink and then returned to sit by Dean. He didn't say a word when Dean leaned his head on his shoulder and cried again, just held him up. Eventually, Dean got it under control again, and he decided to go over to sit on the couch.
As kind as this had been, Dean couldn't help but wonder why Castiel had said yes or come here in the first place, considering that they hardly got along. He tried to leave it, but he had to at least try to ask.
"I promise," he said quietly, and she gave him one last pay on the arms before turning to head home.
As soon as he got home, he headed up to his room, deciding to lie down and take a nap, see if that cleared his head. Curling up in his bed and wrapping himself tightly in the covers, he shook his head and sighed, whispering to himself.
Darting around moving set pieces until he got to the area where the assistants had laid out some morning food and coffee, he grabbed the one they'd put his name on and took a long drink. It was damn good, as they'd learned he liked caramel and started making him fantastic caramel coffee. Sitting down in his chair off to the side of set, he drank his coffee and ran over lines for the day.
Finally, her parents decided to go to bed, but told them to stay as long as they liked. They went upstairs, and as welcome as they had been made, Dean found that he couldn't be in the house any longer, not with Jess staring out of every picture frame. Standing quietly, he glanced at Sam and Charlie.
"How bad is the hangover, bitch?" She said, and he unceremoniously dumped her off of him onto the floor. She shrieked, and both Sam and Dean winced. Sam glared at her, hands over his ears.
The two waited downstairs, starting outside as soon as the car pulled up. Thumping down into the seat, Dean turned just in time to see Novak settle in with an eye roll at Dean. Throwing him the finger for the second time in one morning, Dean sat up, wincing slightly. He caught the wicked grin that Novak immediately wore upon the realization of why Dean couldn't quite sit right, and he almost wanted to smack it off of him. Instead, he opted to ignore his annoying ass, staring out the opposite window.
"Really fucked you so well you can't even sit right, did I?" He joked, and was met with his third flip off of the early morning. At this point, he was on his way to a new high score.
After rather hurriedly putting another finger in, it became clear that Castiel's patience had run out. Removing both hands from their contact on Dean's body, he flipped him onto his back and shoved Dean's knees toward his chest, quickly stripping both of them of any remaining clothing. Now that Dean was looking at him, it was almost too much. Cas was panting in his rage, that feral look still in his eyes and fully disheveled. Dean wasn't given much time to dwell on that, however, because without any warning, Castiel had pushed into him.
"Why are you looking at me like that?" He asked, narrowing his eyes slightly. Dean chuckled, shaking his head.
It had been three days since the first shoot, all of which had been spent working with Novak. And, to put it lightly, it was hell. He was bitchy, obnoxious, picky, and over all a fucking nightmare to work with. Dean had a headache just being near the prick. He couldn't imagine being forced to work for him and get him what he demanded.
Checking the time, he realized it was only nine. God, he hated mornings. There wasn't enough caffeine in the world to make up for how annoying they were, either. Deciding that he could still try caffeine, as he did every damn day despite knowing it wouldn't help much, he set an order for pickup and had his driver run to get it. He always ordered him something, too, since he was the one going to get it. At first, the driver had protested, but by then he had learned that Dean was buying him something, and he'd just have to accept that.
After about three weeks of this, they had slowly begun approaching the end of production on the movie. They still had a few weeks of shooting to go, but then it would be promo and trailers time. Dean, as much as he wanted the movie finished to see the full production, found himself dreading the end. Because the end could very well mean the end of whatever weird new animosity he and Cas seemed to have.
Thomas turned back to his work, and Dean turned to the five coworkers who he had just been introduced to. All of them seemed pretty laid back and fun, which was nice. He hated working with uptight or rude people.
"Fine, have it your way. But you might wanna get off the counter," he said, eyes dark. Dean hopped down, both of them stripping themselves naked. Before Dean could even think, Cas's hands were on him. One was pinning his hip to the counter he was now in front of, the other very efficiently jerking Dean off. Dean moaned, fingers scrabbling for purchase. He knew he was probably leaving scratches down Castiel's back, and he got plenty of joy out of the idea. Prick deserved it.
Before he knew it, they were at the set, and he smiled, getting out of the car to go find the director. Crowley met him on the way in, talking fast immediately.
He managed to get through their first recording session of the day and immediately stormed to his trailer, slamming the door so hard it bounced back open and the noise echoed. Swearing loudly at it, he went to grab it to shut it, again, when a hand grabbed his wrist.
"Are you fucking serious?" He spat, surprised that his voice wasn't slurring. Maybe he had started to sober up a bit without noticing.
"Good luck not getting murdered by makeup for that," he said, and laughed at Dean's dismayed look. Shooing him out the door, Isaiah closed it behind Dean as he made his way to makeup, quite possibly slower than usual. For multiple reasons.
The big fight scene between Dean's character and Cas's is what immediately lead to the sex scene of the movie. It was... hilariously accurate to the actors playing the characters. Dean had to bite back a grin at that thought.
"I promise," Dean said back, and with a swift nod, Cas was gone, leaving Dean alone again in the deafening silence.
"Get out! Get the fuck out!" He screamed, and Novak backed up quickly, darting out the door and slamming it behind him.
He had two messages, actually. One from the driver, saying that he was there, and one from... fucking Novak. God damn him, of course. Running a hand down his face, Dean glared at the message that stared up at him.
"Ah, ah. I don't think so. Use your words, sweetheart. Tell me what you want," he teased, letting his thumb pull Dean's bottom lip down slowly as he stared him down. Gulping, Dean glared at him.
"I'm Rayna," she said, immediately getting to work on his makeup. "I'll be in charge of your makeup basically though the whole movie. Obviously it'll be a team for fight scene makeup, but otherwise you can expect to see me when you come in here."
As soon as his car arrived for the morning, he jumped into the backseat, feeling like a little kid on Christmas. Tapping his fingers as he watched out the window, he silently ran over the scenes they were scheduled to shoot that day in his head. Nothing too big, just the opening scene and a base scene where Dean's character, Harris, would reveal to the audience that he was a super hero of sorts. Novak wouldn't even be there that day, which was a relief. It meant he'd get to enjoy his first day without that bitch in his way.
Shaking his head as if that could clear his thoughts away, he was startled when he felt a hand on his arm. Looking up sharply, he relaxed immediately when he saw that it was Cas. He gave Dean a lopsided smile, and there was that dumb ass feeling again.
Whirling on him as soon the door was shut, Novak's expression was hard to read. Dean didn't get much of a chance to before he started talking, however.
The three of them sat in relative silence as that movie ended and another began, simply out of things to say. About halfway into the second movie, Dean felt himself start to doze off. Shaking off his drowsiness, he stood and stretched, startled Charlie slightly. Heading to the kitchen, he grabbed a beer for each of them and handed them out as he arrived back to the couch. Dean pretended not to see the sharpness behind Charlie's eyes as she looked at him, instead favoring to open his drink. She was right to be concerned, he knew that. But he didn't want to hear it right then.
"If that isn't the food, I'm going to prison today," he said, deadpanned. She nodded, also completely serious. They did that for only a few seconds before they laughed again, Dean shaking his head and standing to go get the door.
Finally, Thomas called them over, getting them situated in their places for the scene after the extras were all set. They were in a booth, eating and joking around for the majority of the scene. So, once everything was set, they got rolling and started up the scene shoot.
Looking around, he realized that he now had to clean up before he could go home. Groaning, he hit his head against the counter and cursed.
Once they managed to actually shower, they got out and went to Dean's room, getting dressed in comfortable silence. They were ready to go not five minutes before they had to leave, Dean shooting his driver a text to get him. On second thought, he shot him another text about his... house guest. The less reaction was shown, the better.
“No, god damn it, you idiot!" Charlie yelled as one girl ran directly toward the killer in her effort to get away. Sam was groaning in annoyance at the character as well, and Jess was curled into his side. Of all of them, she was the one who liked horror the least, and was prone to using Sam as a teddy bear when she got scared.
They stared for a minute, doing nothing, and Dean could almost feel his blood pressure rising. Finally, he took a step forward and spoke, loud enough that he knew Novak could hear him.
His efforts not to cry had failed, and tears fell from his eyes so heavily that he could hardly see. Charlie let out a quiet sob, and he hugged her almost instantly at the sound. She clung to him like she'd die if she let go, letting her broken tears soak his t-shirt as he held her just as tightly. Looking up at the ceiling, he blinked in an effort to clear his eyes and get a breath that didn't just fuel his relentless sobs. His wish wasn't granted, not for a while.
Eventually, Dean felt the hand move away, then felt Cas's breathing even out. He must not have slept much the previous night. As a matter of fact, Dean hadn't really, either. With a small yawn, he let himself drift off to sleep against Cas.
"Hello?" He said quietly, and he heard a sigh of relief on the other end that could only belong to Charlie. Glad it wasn't Novak, he let out a sigh of his own.
He rubbed his neck, feeling bad for having ignored her efforts. It had all been a lot for him, and it was hard to even consider talking to more people than he had in his immediate circle. She shook her head at him, swatting his arm.
"Come on, douche bag, up and at 'em," he teased, and Cas finally got up, immediately picking Dean up around his stomach and carrying him into the bathroom despite any and all protests. Setting Dean down on his feet, Cas dodged backwards to avoid the smack thrown at him. Laughing, he shook his head at Dean.
Once the coordinator was sure the set crew was good to go, she set them up in their starting positions again, this time in the actual room. Any necessary blood capsules were distributed, and then she was off. There was a bit of scene before it, but they'd shot it previously. Today was just for fighting, and Dean couldn't find it in himself to even pretend to be disappointed by that idea.
"I'm excited to work with you, Thomas. Now, where's the costume area? That's my first stop, I assume," Dean said, feeling Crowley's eye roll next to him without looking. Dean grinned slightly, always enjoying pissing off Crowley. He was too moody, he made it more fun than it should be.
"What the fuck is wrong with them? They come onto your property, take a picture of a private moment of yours, and then out you online? What the fuck is their problem?" She raved, shaking her head as her mouth twisted.
"Oh, the tragedy!" Sam said, draping a hand over his forehead. "I'm in love with Ryan, but Eric is hot as fuck! Whatever shall I do?" Jess smacked his arm a few times, and he raised his hands in surrender.
Dean almost didn't notice when Castiel's eyes flicked down to his lips, but he did. However, he didn't have a chance to think about that, because that meant Novak was distracted and he could get him off of him.
"You know, it's crazy what you can get away with with a good enough lawyer," he said, laughing at Dean's flustered noises of indignation.
Before Dean could retaliate, he had darted away and back into the building. Letting out an amused huff, Dean left his things in the trailer and made his way over to the set. Cas was talking to the director, and seemed to be going over the scene and suggesting adjustments. One of them seemed to stick, because Thomas nodded enthusiastically. Dean was sure Cas would fill him in momentarily, so he didn't bother to go over himself. Instead, he grabbed some coffee and drank it carefully, avoiding his makeup.
Dean's heart died in his chest all over again at the sight of Jess's parents clutching each other like the world had ended, with Sam next to them on the couch trying to curl in on himself with eyes so dead Dean wasn't sure he'd survived the news himself. At his entrance to the room with Charlie, Sam looked up and instantly stood, practically tackling Dean into a tight hug as they sat down. Charlie sat next to them, and they all sat like that for hours, just comforting each other in silence and going into crying fits.
With no warning, Dean was on the floor, face pressed into the cheap tiling of the trailer on his knees and chest. Novak's hand didn't move from his head once, but he heard him undoing his belt and then felt his own pants being removed. God, he should be more concerned about this, but even pissed off, being manhandled was hot. He stopped fighting as much, not able to do much damage on his stomach anyway.
Afterwards, they went on lunch and got the second scene all set up, costume change included. Another few hours later, they were wrapping for the day, Thomas seeming very pleased with everyone.
The rest of the movie went relatively smoothly, with a few more characters dying, but a few escaping in the end and getting far away from the killer. As soon as the movie ended, Dean turned the lights on for Jess's benefit. She sighed in relief, moving away from her death grip on Sam. Sam stretched lazily, finally able to move again now that Jess had unlatched. Charlie shook her head, helping Dean throw the food trash away as she did.
Dean found that that stupid fucking message only served to make him angrier, and, without a second thought, text back as vehemently as he was currently capable of doing.
"We're all so excited to have you on the project," Thomas said over his shoulder. Dean chuckled, shoving his hands in his front pockets as he walked.
As soon as he was done, he rolled off of Dean and laid on the floor beside him, attempting to catch his breath. Dean was far too tired to consider being angry anymore, so he supposed that was a perk. Sighing, Dean managed to drag himself into a sitting position and look down at Castiel, who had an arm thrown over his eyes as his chest rose and fell rapidly. Clearing his throat, Dean got Cas's attention, and he moved his arm slightly to look up at Dean.
"I was on your team, motherfucker, and you betrayed me," Sam said, laying down on the coffee table and half on Charlie, who was losing her shit by then after realizing what had happened. Dean looked at Jess, incredulous.
"Listen, I was as confused as you are, ok? I couldn't exactly tell you when I didn't even know!" He said, getting a groan from Jess. Jess turned to look at the two still playing Mario Kart, addressing Charlie.
But then, he saw Castiel's eyes flick to his lips, just for a moment. Smirking, he walked backward lazily, waving dramatically with one hand as Castiel stood there and stared him down.
"It takes time to get there, Dean. There will be a day soon that you won't have to be jealous of that," he said gently.
Sitting down next to Dean, Charlie have Dean a tight hug while Sam ambled over and sat on Dean's other side. Leaning back from the hug to look at Charlie, he became positive that the other emotion in her eyes was rage. He didn't have to wonder at why for much longer, either.
"Jess was one of the people who lit up every room she was in. She was smart, funny, kind. A good friend, a good daughter, a good actress, and over all else, a good person." Sam paused to take a deep breath, and Dean saw him clench his hands slightly. "There was truly no feeling in the world like being around her, getting one of those smiles that made it feel like the sun was shining just for you. She listened to your problems, she comforted you in a way no one else could, and she was always there when you needed her. As kind as she was, she had a sharp wit and a wicked sense of humor," Sam said, taking a gasping breath as tears began to roll freely down his face. Dean was crying too, he realized. When had that happened? "There truly was no person in the world like Jess. I think she knew how much all of us loved her, how much I loved her. I can only hope that she gets the treatment she deserves in whatever afterlife there is, because what happened to her was not fair. There will always be a hole in the world where she was. Rest easy, Jess," Sam whispered, "you deserve that much."
He didn't give Dean a chance to ask any more questions, like why he cared so much so suddenly, before he was pressing his lips to Dean's. Dean smiled into the kiss, wrapping his arms around Castiel as his thoughts vanished in place of the feeling. Cas pulled back slightly, that damned grin still on his face.
It was a fairly simple opening scene, to be fair. Just some college friends hanging out and getting food to showcase the main character and his support from the start. There were a ton of extras on set, but they weren't exactly people he'd be spending much time with, so he focused on the main crew by Thomas.
They walked into the studio, Dean already grimacing slightly at how Rayna would react to needing to cover literal bite marks and hickeys. Hopefully it wouldn't be too hard for her. He almost laughed at that thought, but managed not to. God, what was he, twelve?
The two stopped in front of the table, scanning over everyone. One girl spoke up, and he realized it was the one who had been hit by her friend.
People were fucking cruel sometimes, and he knew that. But this was bullshit. He didn't deserve this, and he was so tired. So tired of everything going wrong. Running a hand down his face, he turned back to Jody, gesturing at the mess.
That meant that the thing he'd refused to name had named itself, and made him damn well aware of it. His dumb ass had fallen in love with the one and only Castiel Novak, and there wasn't a thing he could do about it.
"Because, my dear friend, today is the day we do the stunt sequence that leads into the sex scene. Which means..." he trailed off, watching as Cas's eyes got wider and then moved to give Dean the same sharp, wicked look.
"Who did you manage to fuck at work?" Sam asked, face turning to one of suspicion. Jess's eyes widened, and she turned to Dean so fast he was sure she'd tip off the couch.
"I promise, Dean, they will not get away with this. We will do everything in our power to prevent that outcome," Cas said, resting his hand over Dean's own on the counter. Dean nodded, turning his hand to grip Cas's.
Cas walked Dean back to his trailer after they had returned the costumes and gotten their makeup off, teasing the whole way. Dean found them sinking into that familiar rhythm they had found over their weeks of friendly behavior, and it was comforting. It was a new normal.
"Are you fucking stupid? There's been a rumor that we're fucking for literally years. Plus, this is good press for the movie considering the character relationships," Dean said, crossing his arms. "Now do you want to explain what gave you the fucking nerve to show up on my doorstep and then shove me?"
His bet had paid off, because there sat his driver. Tossing his things in, Dean slid into the seat and sighed. Staring out the window, he let a satisfied smile find its way onto his face. Deciding to check his phone to rid himself of the notification, he opened it, only to see that the text he had received had not been a text from the driver at all. It had been a text from Castiel.
"Sure, Dean," Charlie said quietly. Sam still hadn't spoken, but Dean couldn't blame him. Just about everyone knew that he and Jess had had some weird romantic tension going on, and that they had possibly even been secretly dating. He was sure that this was hitting Sam harder than either of them.
Rolling his eyes, Cas changed into the pajama pants Dean had given him, opting to go shirtless. Finally, they both settled into Dean's bed, Cas cradling Dean from behind with an arm thrown over his hip. Dean did not feel comforted by this at all, nor did he feel anything beyond what normal friends with benefits would feel. He didn't. At all.
Turning to his other side, Dean gave Jess's parents a small nod before tapping on Sam's shoulder as well. He jumped like he hadn't noticed there were other people in the room, relaxing slightly once he saw that it was Dean who had done it. Pulling Sam into a tight hug, Dean whispered to him as he did.
Cas was crying too. He was looking at Dean like he had never seen him look at anyone before, and Dean almost wanted to look away, but found that he couldn't. Cas rubbed his cheekbone with one thumb as he looked at him, and Dean realized what the look on his face at that moment was. It was understanding.
"Holy shit, dude," she says, glancing down at her phone before looking up at Dean. "People are flooding the tag with unrelated stuff and agreeing that it's a massive invasion of privacy. Look, you can barely find a picture in the tags already."
Settling into the back of the car, he found that his thoughts were very much still occupied with whatever the fuck had happened barely an hour previously. No matter how hard he tried not to think about it, he found himself drifting there again and again, and every time he only felt more confused. Consistently, the thought he had before trying to distract himself was what the hell happened and what do I do about that shit? Unfortunately, he didn't have the answer to either question, and they just served to piss him off.
It was only about half an hour before his first floor was full of people, and they were only getting more and more racy and drunk as the time went on. As it was, the crowd was a bit wild, but he could hardly begin to think what it would look like in a few hours.
Novak and Dean went their separate ways to get ready, Dean heading immediately to costumes while Novak went to find someone he needed to talk with. As soon as he entered the costume room, Isaiah caught a look at his neck and raised his eyebrows at Dean, but didn't say a word. Dean was exceedingly grateful for that, and once he was in costume, Isaiah let him go with one warning.
"God, you're so needy," Cas murmured appreciatively. "You think you're ready for it, princess? Want my cock in you?"
Dean moaned loudly, arching his back to get a better angle. As soon as he did, Cas's thrusts got harsher, and suddenly each one was hitting his prostate dead on. Dean's eyes rolled back and he nearly screamed in pleasure, trying to match Cas's thrusts. Suddenly, that hand was back on his throat, and he held onto Cas's arm tightly as he looked up at him, strangled moans still getting through. Cas looked fucking off his rocker, but Christ did he look hot right then.
"Jess..." he managed, falling back into sobs. Novak seemed to have gotten the point, though, as his breathing quickened.
Before he knew it, Dean was on the floor, tears running down his face as he babbled incoherently into the phone. This couldn't be happening, not to her. She was so good, so sweet. She couldn't be gone. It wasn't possible.
"You hurt your face, bud?" Charlie teased, and Sam flipped her off with one hand while the other still rested over his face. Shaking his head, Dean went over to his closet and threw on some sweatpants and a t-shirt. Charlie was unfazed by this, having been friends with him for long enough to know that he didn't give a shit who was in the room when he changed. Sam normally bitched about it, but he was occupied, so Dean didn't have to hear his shit for once.
Going over to where he'd left it on the nightstand, he realized it was Crowley and groaned, answering and putting it on speaker. Immediately, Crowley started rattling his mouth off, and Dean just sighed as he took the phone with him over to the closet.
Within moments, Charlie was flying through the door to the stairs, Sam slightly behind her. Both of them wore expressions of worry, Charlie's tinged with something that looked like rage. So clearly, they had also seen what had happened.
He heard rustling behind him that probably meant that Castiel had taken it upon himself to get out of his pajamas, and was instantly proven right in that thinking when a warm and obviously naked body pressed against him from behind. Cas's arms locked around his hip and shoulder as he pulled him against his chest, smirking down at Dean when he leaned his head back to look at him. Dean could feel how flushed his face was, and Novak could clearly see it. Laughing quietly, he mouthed at Dean's neck.
"Do you assholes wanna come hang out at my place?" He asked, and was met with nods. Smiling, he turned to the driver.
"Oh, man! Not only did our boy get dick, he got good dick!" She said, high fiving Dean as he collapsed onto the couch by Jess. Instantly, all three were looking at him with questioning eyes.
"One of these days, you'll discover your undying love for me," Cas said, letting Dean help him up. He leaned closer to Dean's ear, giggling to himself. "Or, at least, admit your love for my dick."
"Whatever you feel like making," Dean said quietly. "I don't exactly have a lot of brain power going for me here." He let out a small huff of laughter that they both knew was fake, but Cas gave him a small nod.
Walking toward where he knew he had had the car parked, he suddenly heard another set of footsteps behind him. There was no way in hell that that asshole had the audacity to follo-
Before he could wallow in self pity any more, he felt his phone ringing in his pocket and quickly picked it up, trying to calm his voice before answering. Accepting the call, he held it up to his face and took a deep breath.
"Always," Castiel answered immediately. Dean tried not to think about how sudden it was said, how sure he sounded. Because if he did, he would have to think about what that meant. And he couldn't afford to do that right then.
As Dean had suspected, they made great chemistry, the friend group dynamic flowing naturally as they all went into character. Dean's character, Harris, was in the seat near the window, leaning against it slightly as they all talked and joked. The scene went nearly flawlessly, ending with them leaving out the front of the building after finishing their meal. As soon as Thomas cut the scene, he came over with notes. It was simple shit, mostly, but it would help the scene come together.
"Yeah, about as well as you could expect," Sam said, Dean catching a small break in his voice. He decided to ignore that as Sam continued. "Just wanted to call and let you know that I'm mostly functioning and that the funeral is in a few days."
He was shocked that Castiel cared so much. Truth be told, he supposed he shouldn't be, considering that they'd been friendly lately. However, it was still jarring to see him stick up for him like that. It made Dean feel like this may be a genuine change that was happening with the two of them, and to be completely honest, he wasn't sure how to feel about that. So he did what he did best and stopped thinking about it in favor of other things.
They hung up the phone, Dean settling back into his place on the couch against Castiel. Sam was right; despite all odds, Dean had let someone in when he felt at his worst. Not only that, but Novak.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you," he said, and Cas shrugged with a grin, beginning his recipe as he talked.
He had six missed calls from Sam, four from Charlie, and at least seven texts. He felt panic setting in at why they were so urgent to reach him. Hurriedly getting dressed the rest of the way, he was about to call them back when Sam called again. Dean picked up, hands shaking, as he heard the bathroom door open again.
"Oh, thank god. Dean, we're coming over," she said, and he was about to ask who else was coming when he heard Sam murmur in the background. He stayed silent as she continued. "We got a suspicious text from Novak. He said that you might need us soon, so we're coming. Make sure your door is unlocked." And with that, she hung up on him.
"You are the most annoying motherfucker. This has been happening for days now and you just now tell us? What the fuck, Dean?" She shook her head again, crossing her arms. He put his hands up defensively.
Thankfully, it was the food, and he didn't have to commit any crimes. Bringing it upstairs, he set it on the coffee table and called into his room.
Within a few minutes, Dean had found his way to makeup, knocking on the door before opening it and moving in, closing the door behind him. A girl smiled at him, waving him over and settling him into a chair.
What he did tend to focus his helplessness and anger on, however, was whatever the hell was going on with Novak. He had been a comforting presence while he was with Dean, but now that he was gone, Dean was fucking pissed at himself. How could he have let Novak see him in his weakest moments? Let him stay with him in his home? Invite him over? It was a bad move and he knew it. For all he knew, Novak was using it as a move to get under his skin. Too late now, he supposed.
“Beat his ass, Sam," Dean said, leaving with Jess to go to the dancing area. Sam immediately did so, by the shouting when they left.
"It is amazing that you get any acting done when you laugh that hard about that stupid joke," Jess said, and Dean gaped at her indignantly, crossing his arms. He looked at Sam for backup, but Sam was snickering. Throwing his hands up, he turned in a circle and then put his hands on his hips.
Scrambling to leave, Charlie looked teary eyed. Dean knew he would feel like an asshole later, but he didn't have it in him to care at the moment. Charlie fled the room, and Dean turned to Sam, raging. He was surprised to find the same expression on Sam's face, burning through him.
Dean was happy to do it again, letting the adrenaline and autopilot drive him as soon as she called them to action. It was a smooth fight, despite how dirty their characters would actually be playing to try to get the upper hand. Dean found himself relaxing into the role, acting as if he were his character even though it was a practice fight. He wasn't surprised to see Castiel doing the same. As much as they had always hated each other, Dean had always been forced to admit that he was a great actor. It didn't pain him to think nearly as much as it once had, but that wasn't the point.
"Is there anything I can do?" He asked, and Dean let a sob rip from his chest at the words. Turning fully, he let himself be crushed into a hug as he hid his face in Cas's neck. God, he felt like he was dying. He almost couldn't help but wish that he was.
He didn't have time to think about what had just come to mind as he finished, mind going blank as he held himself up. Once he was sure his legs wouldn't fall out from under him, he washed himself off and then shut the water off, stepping out with a towel running through his hair. As much as he wanted to avoid the thought at hand, he couldn't, not in the slightest.
They'd finished their shooting for the morning with that scene, so Dean had followed his immediately implemented routine of sprinting to his trailer to relax and try to enjoy some Novak-free time. Slamming the door behind him, he took a deep breath and sank onto the couch. It had barely been two minutes when the door slammed open, and of course, it was that asshole Novak.
With shaking hands, Sam came back to his seat and nearly fell into it, grasping Dean like he was a lifeline when he caught him in a hug. Sobs wracked his frame as the service continued in a blur, and Dean felt helpless to fix it. As Sam had said, there truly was no one like Jess, no way to fill that hole she had left. This wasn't something they could make go away, and the finality of that brought a deep sense of loss and rage at the unfairness of it all. He found himself clutching onto Sam just as tightly as he was being held, overwhelmed by the reality that Jess was really, permanently out of their lives.
"Yes, mom," he said, and she snorted, turning away and shaking her head yet again. It was just about her favorite gesture when around him, and who could blame her? He knew he was a handful.
"Nine o'clock," Dean whispered, and he saw Charlie and Sam briefly glance over. Charlie gave him a small thumbs up, otherwise ignoring the two. Sam didn't acknowledge it, but he had certainly seen them.
"Are you fucking serious? I've been pissed off all week, very obviously because of the news about whatever the fuck happened between us, and not only do you come to see me, you make it as suspicious as all fuck. What the hell is wrong with you? Was being near me and pissing me off not enough for you? You had to come piss me off in private, too?" Dean spat.
Realizing he'd arrived at his house already, he shook his head and walked inside, shutting the door behind him. By the time he got back, it was right around noon, and he decided that working out would feel nice. Not because he was angry and Novak as in his head. That wasn't happening. It was just because he wanted to do so.
"Fuck off, you god damn vultures!" He spat, but they weren't deterred. Shaking his head, he turned to go inside with the other people arriving.
Jess and Dean were once again losing their shit at this spectacle, and in the middle of this, the doorbell rang with the food Dean had ordered. Jess volunteered to go grab it, heading downstairs to meet the delivery guy. Charlie and Sam had settled down a bit, but Dean had never seen Charlie give anyone a look that murderous. Sam was on thin fucking ice, it seemed.
They walked upstairs and settled onto the couch again, Castiel eyeing the broken glass and splattered beer from Dean's earlier temper tantrum. However, he chose not to say anything, a fact Dean was grateful for. Curling into Cas, Dean tried not to think about how hard Cas's heart was beating, or the fact that his own was beating just as quickly. This whole thing they had going on was quickly becoming complicated, and frankly? Dean wasn't sure what to do about that.
Opening his eyes, he turned his head over his shoulder to see Castiel's worried eyes on him. Sighing, he rubbed at his face with his hands again. Finally, Castiel broke his silence, all the while rubbing small circles on Dean's shoulder.
Immediately, silence fell. Dean felt his face harden, saw Charlie immediately realize what she'd done. She started to stutter out an apology, eyes widening, but he didn't give a fuck. Not right then.
Dean let out a shaky breath of relief that he hadn't known he had been holding, closing his eyes and leaning back into the couch. He wouldn't have to be alone anymore. Oh, thank god. Even if it was Novak and they didn't often get along, he would have someone with him.
"Dean, good! Ok, let me introduce you to everyone. Dean, this is Tanya, that's Mikey, that's Erica, that's Jen, and that's Will," Thomas said, pointing at people as he did. "I already sent you pictures for each actor and their character name, so you've got that handled. Give us another ten minutes and we'll be rolling."
"To be fair, you could have made a noise when you came in here instead of being some kind of ninja," Cas retorted, cracking an egg as he did. Dean simply shook his head in mock exasperation, settling a hand over his eyes. When he looked up again, Cas was giving him that soft smile again as he mixed whatever the hell it was that he was making.
"Olive Garden breadsticks, while far inferior to other bread, are well liked by this psychopath," he said, and this absolutely would have gotten him hit again if they hadn't arrived at the restaurant.
"Fuck me before I fight you, asshole," he managed, but it sounded less threatening and more desperate and breathy.
Dean found himself dancing in a huge crowd of people, Charlie directly next to him as he did so. They were laughing and moving around, Dean a little less enthusiastic than usual because of how sore he was. Between them, they had an entire bottle of liquor and were just taking turns taking a swig and passing it. Jesus, he and Charlie would definitely be alcoholics in later life. At one point, he dropped it and it shattered, but neither were sober enough to care by then.
Turning to face the room, Sam swallowed hard, and Dean hoped for him that he wouldn't have to stop talking because of tears at any point. Taking a deep breath, Sam began to speak.
Despite the obvious rage that Novak's heaving chest and glare pushed off, Dean decided he didn't give a fuck and would be pushing his buttons. Again.
"Stop, stop, I'm close," he groaned, and Cas released him, immediately turning him around and pushing his chest to the counter. Dean hissed at the cold sensation, but didn't bother moving.
The thought had his eyes watering and throat closing up, and he swore as he started to cry again. Looking up at the ceiling, he gulped and tried to blink away the tears with little success. Why did everything have to fall apart at once? He hadn't even gotten a chance to recover from Jess's death and now this, something he desperately wished she were still here to help him with. He let out a laugh that was more of a sob, the irony of it all hitting him at once.
"Hi, we're huge fans of the four of you," she said, and the other girl nodded. "Would you mind if we get a picture with you?"
When he did get there, he hesitated for a moment before going in. As soon as the door opened, Rayna turned to greet him and then locked onto his neck. Letting out a snort at the concern on his face, she waved him over and sat him down. While grabbing her makeup and looking over his neck, she shook her head and locked eyes with him in the mirror.
Hearing a song he knew Charlie loved, he only had time for his eyes to widen before Charlie was dragging him over to dance. Protesting the whole way there, he gave up only when they were in the middle of a crowd that was already dancing. She let go of him, immediately beginning to dance. Shrugging, he decided that he might as well enjoy himself. It was his party, after all. As soon as he started dancing, Charlie smiled and grabbed his hands to spin him. Laughing, he let her, going back to dancing normally afterwards.
A few hours had passed in that manner, and he had almost forgotten about the weird messages from Castiel when he heard his doorbell ring. Startling slightly, he got up and checked the camera to see who was there. After what had just happened, he wasn't taking chances.
"I promise, it'll look gold. Just trust me on this one," he said, and Dean found himself nodding. It couldn't hurt to do one blind take.
All too soon, the tv stopped distracting him, and he felt the tears coming back no matter how many deep breaths he took. Turning onto his back so that he was staring up at the ceiling, he let them fall again, the sound of Jess's laugh ringing in his ears.
Sitting on the couch, he turned on some random show and let his mind turn off as he watched it. Curling into a blanket with a pillow under his head, he lay folded in on himself for hours, taking deep breaths to avoid tears every time he got close. He had never felt so mentally drained in his lifetime, and he could only hope he never would again. But for now, he had to get through this time first. And he had a long way to go.
Once he'd been dropped at home and collected his food, he headed upstairs to unwind. Turning on some tv and opening the Chinese he'd bought, he let out a breath and smiled softly. This movie would be fun, Novak or not. He didn't think that even he could ruin something this good.
"God damn it, what?" Dean groaned, catching himself on a wall from his startled fall away from the door. Novak looked at him, incredulous.
"Tell them I'll do it," Dean answered without a moment's hesitation. He loved these projects, the atypical ending stories where the villains win. Crowley knew that, too, which is why he had brought it up with Dean at all.
"I think we might be hate fucking. Now shut the hell up and kiss me before you piss me off even more," Dean spat, his request met immediately. Castiel was not a gentle person, tugging at Dean's hair and nipping at him as they kissed. Castiel's lips moved down to Dean's jaw, to his throat, as Dean writhed and gasped. He was trying to rut his hips against Castiel's thigh, get any friction to release the pressure, but Castiel held his hips to the counter with an iron grip as he moved. It was fucking infuriating, but Dean found that he kind of liked that.
"Yeah, Dean. Friend code and all that, you tell us this shit even if you're not sure," Charlie added, and Jess sat back, looking relieved.
After four days of this, Dean was nearly at his breaking point. Every sound irritated him, and he really just wanted to scream at everyone who asked him questions. He squashed the urges down, knowing it wasn't fair to them, but his body was shaking with everything he was bottling up as it threatened to boil over.
Dean's chest felt like it was tightening at the word funeral. He had known there would be one, of course, but hearing it out loud made it too... real. Choking back tears, he answered Sam.
Finally, Dean could take it no more. He tried to gasp out a warning to Castiel, but it came far too late to help either of them. Within seconds, he was coming, his head hitting the floor below him hard and hands digging into Cas's back in an attempt to be quiet. Castiel's thrusts got sloppy, and within a few moments of Dean, he was finishing as well. He stayed hovering over Dean, panting and dripping with sweat, as he rode through his orgasm.
Dean nodded silently, lying down on the counter again as the exhaustion of the last two days and their events overtook him yet again. Within a few moments, he was half asleep, so much so that he almost didn't notice it when Novak cradled him to his chest and moved him to his bed, setting him down and sitting next to him. Before his mind could quite wrap around it, though, he had fallen asleep, this time without any dreams at all.
"Dean, have you slept? Or eaten?" Castiel asked, and it was only then that Dean realized that he had not, in fact, eaten since his lunch the previous day. The loud rumbling of his stomach was enough of an answer for Cas, who pulled him upstairs after him and sat Dean down at his own kitchen bar stools. Turning to look at him once he'd gotten into the kitchen, Castiel leaned on the counter and softly spoke.
"Because they fucking do! They're not that great, dude! I've had better bread!" Sam was on the receiving end of several smacks from Charlie before he could say any more.
"Oh, so now you're tough? As I recall, you said it wasn't a big deal. Maybe you have a different definition of big deal than I do, though," Cas teased, pressing a knee harshly between Dean's thighs and making him gasp at the force. "Maybe I should fucking show you what a big deal looks like, because it sure as hell isn't you."
Charlie, however, had noticed his hand. As they found their way to the car and got in, she asked the driver if they had a first aid kit immediately. Apparently, they did, not that Dean had known that. As the car lurched away, she carefully cleaned the glass from his hand and wrapped it in a bandage. She gave him a worried look, but he could tell that she didn't have the heart to actually scold him. He ignored it, staring ahead and into space as the car rocked quietly forward.
"I don't know that I ever..." Dean started, taking a breath as Cas looked at him like nothing else existed in that moment. "I don't know that I ever really hated you. I don't even remember what started our stupid rivalry shit anyway. I just know that I was so fucking angry, and you were the easiest target. And I know that I was jealous."
"Shit," she said, uncrossing her arms and landing her hands on her hips. "Promise me you won't be a bitch to anyone else there just because you're mad at him."
"Considering that I'm still pissed at you, I'd say together," Castiel said, smirking as he stepped in. Dean sighed, following him in. This was getting more complicated by the day.
Dean gave him a watery smile, pressing a kiss to his lips as they stood in his entryway. He was so focused on what was happening, the moment he'd never thought would come, that he almost missed the sound of the camera shutter from outside his window. Turning his head sharply, he just caught a flash of someone with a camera running off. He whipped his head back to face Castiel, eyes filled with terror as Cas seemed to freeze, staring out the window slack-jawed.
"So, here's the concept. The role they want you for is the protagonist in their story. The protagonist has no specific reason they do what they do other than a strong moral compass. The antagonist, however, has been personally slighted by the government and the citizens, who shunned them and covered up what happened to said antagonist. The protagonist and antagonist fight, but slowly, the antagonist gets to the protagonist, who begins to believe the antagonist over other people. In the end of the movie, the protagonist has been fully corrupted from their original stance, to the point of a romantic relationship with our antagonist. They end as a team, hell bent on destroying those who hurt the antagonist," Crowley finished, taking a deep breath. Dean had finished getting dressed during his speech, and grabbed his phone, moving to the bed. Whatever this movie was, it was fascinating, and he wanted in. It sounded big.
Despite the noise being a bit less in the kitchen, there were several couples making out in there, and at least one of them was getting handsy. Ignoring all of them, he managed to get a cup out of his cabinet without breaking everything, feeling very self satisfied at this revelation. Turning toward the sink, he got as much water as he could in the cup without dropping it, then proceeded to chug it. He did this a few times, then set the cup down, gripping the counter. He felt slightly less like the world was spinning, which he counted as a win.
"You what, Dean?" He asked softly, the look in his eyes back to the forefront. Fuck, why did Dean feel like crying?
That actually did get a laugh out of him, and he put his hand over his heart dramatically as he answered her.
"Listen, Dean. I know our whole situation is complicated. But believe it or not, I want you to be okay regardless of how complicated we are. You've been through a lot of shit recently, and you're worrying your friends. You're worrying me," Castiel admitted, a bit quieter than the rest of what he'd said. Sighing, Cas ran a hand through his hair and gave Dean a piercing look. "Just... promise me you'll try. You'll try to not drink your problems away, you'll try to ask people for help when you need it."
"Very fucking hung over, and despite me fucking him up, the man got a few good hits in," Sam sighed, seeming very annoyed by the whole situation. Now that Dean's vision was a little clearer, he could see that Sam had some rough looking bruises on his face. Yeah, those would be there for a while.
And he did. He told Dean the entire breakdown, and let him know that Thomas had okayed a surprise at the end. Dean was skeptical that it would turn out well if he wasn't prepared, but Cas insisted.
When Dean finally stirred awake, he felt inexplicably warm. Shifting slightly, he realized that there was an arm around his hip and a face nuzzled in his hair. Immediately, he remembered the events fo the previous day. Fuck, this was gonna be a PR nightmare. Plus, this was the day the movie production was supposed to resume. Sighing, he elbowed Novak in the ribs gently.
Dean could feel the precum dripping inside of him, and he couldn't tell where his own met the shower water. Either way, he knew he was close, and if the noises that Cas were making and the way his hips stuttered slightly were any indication, he was as well.
The bathroom had filled with steam in the time since he had turned on the water, and he opened the shower door and stepped inside. Taking a deep breath, he tried to ignore how it shook when he released it. Basking in the warmth of the water and the little peace it was bringing him, he showered for far longer than he needed to, only getting out when the water began to grow cold. Turning it off sharply, he stepped out and wrapped a towel around his hips as he went out to his bedroom.
"Who would do this to you?" She demanded angrily. Dean couldn't give her an answer, turning back to stare at the ugly, spray painted message across the front face of his home.
Dean gulped, not knowing why he suddenly felt so exposed. It was a problem, yeah, but it wasn't that big of a deal... right? So why did Cas seem so pissed off?
Rayna got him ready to go, all while talking his ear off and nearly making him laugh. Midway through, Novak entered and his makeup artist started on him, but Dean dutifully ignored him. Once Rayna was certain his makeup was cemented on and going nowhere, she smiled and sat her things down.
Either way, he finally managed to find Sam and give the dumb bitch his shoe, and Sam smiled like Dean had given him a puppy. Also drunk off his ass, Sam held the shoe up in both hands and slurred, "my shoe!"
Dean made the usual stops back to costume and makeup to get back to his usual self, then text his driver and headed outside. It was early evening already, and he took a deep breath of the warm air, taking in the area around the studio. The sky was a gorgeous, deep blue, and he was almost disappointed when the driver showed up for him.
The driver tried to protest, but Dean leveled him with a look, and the car was stopped. Stepping out, Dean slammed the door and marched onto his front sidewalk. Jody was standing there, staring at his house. She turned to him, the rage only a mother could have engrained on her face.
They arrived at the door, and Cas gave him that easy smile he tended to have after he did something he was proud of. Grabbing Dean's arm gently, he gave it a small squeeze.
Walking up slowly, he cleared his throat, smiling at the people standing there as they turned. In all, it was two guys and three girls, Thomas excluded. Thomas turned as well, smiling brightly at Dean.
It was a post of Novak's, one that had explicitly told people to flood the tags with other things if they respected Dean's privacy. Obviously, Castiel was already out, so it wasn't him who needed this shield. Dean wasn't sure how to feel about this. Castiel had gone out of his way to try to save Dean from this before it got too out of hand, and he clearly didn't have to. Handing Sam's phone back, he bit the inside of his cheek nervously. Picking up his own phone, he saw that he had one missed text.
"Of course, I've known you forever. How dare you say pretend!" Will pushed Erica slightly, and she  gave him her best glare, which he ignored.
"Bull-fucking-shit, you're fine. You just screamed at your two best friends for asking you about your alcohol intake, you got outed, and you lost a friend recently. Anybody who can be fine after all that shit is either a fucking robot or soulless," Castiel said.
"Sorry, I'm really not feeling well. We might have to postpone for a bit or maybe do the scene tomorrow," he called back, ignoring the answer as he and Castiel reached the bathroom and shut the door quickly.
Arriving on set, Dean thanked the driver again and got out, throwing his then empty coffee cup away on his way inside. Running a hand down his face, he made a beeline for the costume department, hoping to be ready to go as fast as possible. After all, the faster he got ready, the faster he could go get more coffee from the assistants.
Dean gulped, not trusting his voice. He nodded, and Cas's face softened. Stepping forward, he cradled Dean's face in his hands again, looking more raw than Dean had ever seen him. Wanting the contact, any contact, desperately, Dean surged forward to kiss him. Their lips slotted together, and they didn't separate until they were gasping for air. Resting their foreheads together, Dean whispered a single word.
Sighing and sitting down with his coffee, he text back quickly, hoping it wasn't anything major. Crowley was never one to text him something so vaguely, and it made him uneasy.
The ride to the studio felt remarkably short, the two of them stepping out and waving at the driver as the car pulled away. Cas leaned back, hands in his pockets, as he watched Dean stretch and then wince again.
Eventually, they managed to get everything necessary off of him. He made a stop to costumes, and then he was home free. Having already texted his driver, he simply headed out to where he had been told it was. As fun as fight scenes were, they could be slightly tiring, and Dean flopped onto the backseat. Slamming the door behind him, he wiggled into a sitting position and buckled, staring out the window with a soft smile.
"Of course I know that," he said quietly. Cas gave him a small smile, then a quick kiss. He kept their foreheads together as he pulled away.
"Do you want to do this one at a time or together to get this done faster?" Dean asked, and the look on Castiel's face was a slight echo of the feral face from earlier.
Leading Dean to the back area, he saw that they had a diagram of what scenes had what costumes for every character. Damn, they were good. Isaiah walked up to the board, looking at the list for the first scene and nodding, grabbing things off of shelves and handing them to Dean. Once he'd given him all the pieces, he let him into a small changing room at the back, making sure to tell him that they'd have to check and adjust the outfit for the scene before he could go to makeup.
"That asshole," he said, and Thomas just nodded, walking off. Dean supposed that meant everyone was done for the day, so he text his driver and headed outside to wait.
"Good to see that you're awake, Dean. I'm not surprised, since you left your own party early," he said, a bit of bite in his tone that Dean decided to ignore. "Anyway, I'm calling because I have another job opportunity to discuss with you."
"Yes, you did check on me, and that was the problem! I'm supposed to hate you, and here I am asking you to come over because one of my best friends died and letting you comfort me. God, the fucking was almost too much, but that? I can't, I can't do that. I can't do emotional attachment with this shit. Because then it's real, and I-" Dean stopped suddenly, swallowing his words. Castiel didn't look angry anymore, just worried. He stepped carefully closer to Dean, as if he were afraid he would bite.
Sitting up slowly, he rubbed a hand over his face, trying to make sure no one's clothes were on his floor. Nope, all good. Letting out a breath of relief, he got up and made his way to the closet, throwing a sweatshirt on and shuffling out to the living room in his boxers. Immediately, he noticed Sam on the couch, Jess curled half on top of him. He had thrown an arm over her in his sleep, and Dean smiled, shaking his head. If those two didn't end up together, he was certain that love was dead.
It didn't take long until his mind managed to drift to his problems again, as much as he hated it. He felt himself tearing up slightly at the thought of Jess and wiped his face harshly, blinking them back. Crying was one of his least favorite things, and he didn't have the patience for it today. Maybe later, but not now.
Deciding he should find Sam before he gave himself alcohol poisoning, he went back to the room he had previously been in and saw him passed out. Sighing, he text Jess and asked if she could help with him, and she said she'd be there in a minute. Shortly afterwards, she showed up, helping him drag Sam to the service elevator that went upstairs. The party had been contained to the lower floor, so it would be quieter there.
Novak looked at him with that fucking smirk on his face, and Dean, not for the first time, wanted to punch it off of him. Cursing under his breath, he turned to walk away, only to find Novak jerking him around and shoving his back against the wall, right forearm across his throat. He stared Dean down, and despite how pissed off Dean was, he couldn't help noticing how fucking blue the guy's eyes were. Shaking it off and blaming the alcohol, he shoved back, knocking Novak off of him.
Dean shot a text to his driver to let him know they'd need picked up and to come here to get him last. Once that was taken care of, he went back into the group chat to see Sam and Charlie arguing over breadsticks.
Before Dean could get a word out, Cas leaned forward and gave him a long, gentle kiss. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas's back, looking up at him with a puzzled expression when he finally pulled away.
"Why did you say yes? Why did you come here? I know we haven't been quite as normal and hateful as usual lately, but I didn't think you would want to come here of your own free will," Dean said. Novak looked back to him, a bit of surprise in his features.
Novak glared up at him, deciding he'd had enough, it would seem, by the grip he suddenly had on Dean's throat. He choked him with his right hand as he walked him backward until Dean was against the wall, clawing at his hand and glaring at him as he fought his ass off. He would kill Novak as soon as he let go, he knew he would. Cas loosened his grip only slightly so that Dean could breathe, leaning into his personal space with a sinister grin.
Kissing him back hard, Dean got his hands on Novak and dug his nails in. Novak hissed, and Dean laughed into his mouth. Yeah, motherfucker, he didn't play nice.
"You need to get your shit together," he hissed at himself, turning away from the mirror and taking deep breaths. Once he had calmed enough to walk, he texted the driver and told him that he was ready to go whenever. Grabbing an apple from the counter, he found that he was only able to eat a few bites before feeling sick. Throwing it away, he felt his phone buzz and grabbed it from his pocket to glance at it.
"Oh, come on now. You've gotta be faster than that," he said, and Dean rolled his eyes, flipping him off over his shoulder as he went to turn the water on.
"Charlie, can you believe this shit?" She asked, and Charlie shook her head without looking away from her game.
