Right there, on the grainy screen of the TV Sam and Bucky picked up dumpster diving in Queens, is his soulmark. It’s sitting on the chest of Tony Stark - as in CEO of Stark Industries and multiple-PhD-holding, Tony Stark.
Steve’s shoulders hunch in on himself as he shrugs. “I’ve had a couple more years to process the news, yeah.”
The doors slide shut, cutting him off from the hustle and bustle of the first floor. The elevator starts rising on its own. Again, there are no buttons or floor number markings, only sheer glass. There isn’t even one of those state-mandated elevator maintenance cards, which Steve thinks has to violate a safety code or two.
“Miss Potts will be with you in a moment, Mr. Rogers,” says the disembodied voice. “Feel free to make use of any amenities.”
Steve can’t hold back the eye roll this time. He hopes the rest of the villains in New York are this incompetent. He also hopes someone has taken the opportunity to call the police while the leader is distracted.
“Thanks again - uh, I’m not sure I caught your name...?” Steve asks, feeling kind of silly, but Sarah Rogers’ rules on politeness were hard ingrained into him.
Glancing back at the mark, the tips of Tony's fingers twitch towards Steve’s chest before he closes his hand into a fist and pulls away. He gives Steve a wry look.
The doctor leaves their room again. Steve doesn’t notice him go. The silence from Tony is unnerving. He thinks this might be a record for how long he’s seen the man not on his phone.
Then, he gets a fond look as she reaches over to lightly squeeze his upper arm. “I’m glad you’re alright. We were afraid there for a bit.”
There’s another rueful smile. “The first one was before the media fallout, even. To this day I still don’t know where she got the information. Lord knows Howard made sure my soulmark was a tightly kept secret. But she had it, right on her chest, and I was fifteen and naïve and so desperate to have something of my own. Something not even my father had control of.”
Iron Man’s helmet tilts to the side. “No, I think I really have to thank you - are you some kitten themed superhero I haven’t had the pleasure of meeting yet?”
The intimidation factor only increases as he approaches the receptionist. He’s overly aware of the scuff mark on his shoe from where Bucky had thrown it at him earlier. It doesn't help that the front desk is almost as tall as he is.
“No. That’s the issue: you never think! The second you believe something is in danger, whether it’s a person or a kitten or a particularly forlorn-looking plastic bag, you’re off playing hero.” Bucky stops, an unhappy curl to his mouth. “You’re going to get yourself killed and then I’ll have Sarah Rogers to answer to in the afterlife.”
The thing lights up and starts turning. It makes a big show of pretending to be a functional kitchen appliance. Steve knows better.
“I believe this is yours,” comes the lightly modulated voice of Tony Stark. He holds out an armored hand with -
He’s in the kitchen, swearing at their microwave and trying to make popcorn for movie night. Trying is the key word here, because even though the hunk of metal in their shitty off-campus apartment rattles and clanks like a steam engine, there hasn’t been a single popped kernel.
“Hurry up and get in here, man!” Sam’s yelling at him, almost inaudible over the groan of the microwave. With a curse, Steve adds another five minutes on the time and stomps to the living room.
Steve decides to deal with the fact that this is his first time seeing his soulmate in person later. Preferably when armed men are not involved. Shaking himself, he turns and runs towards the exit. Something catches his attention out of the corner of his eye.
Tony pulls the drawing from the stack. It's a comic rendition of Iron Man fighting the Baron. And yeah, looking at it now in Tony's hands, it's obvious how much care and detail he had put in the Iron Man armour: his ridiculous crush on full display for the man himself to see.
Tony takes him in with a look that can only be described as greedy. His eyes catch on the stack of papers in Steve's hands.
With how famous Tony is, there’s no telling how many people had gotten his mark tattooed, and Steve's just some guy off the street. Tony doesn't know him from Adam.
“Holy shit,” Tony mutters and meets Steve’s eyes. “I guess this isn’t as much of a surprise to you as it is to me.”
The faceplate of the helmet pops up, and then Tony Stark, ridiculously handsome even with sweaty helmet hair, is grinning down at the swarm. Steve swallows around the lump in his throat.
There’s an amused lilt to his voice. Steve wonders if it’s possible to spontaneously combust from embarrassment.
“Steve Rogers,” she says and glides across the floor like she isn’t wearing six inch pumps. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“Hey, that’s probably my fault - “ Tony, bless his heart, starts to speak up, but Bucky’s glare stops him short.
Tony lets out a hum, content to continue outlining the mark. “I like that. It suits the possessive bastard in me.” He chuckles when Steve cuffs him lightly over the head. “What can I say - I was an only child. But I’m surprised he didn’t notice, Bucky the all-knowing.”
“Watch out!” Steve yells. Without thinking, he hurls the lunchbox through the air and watches in amazement as it hits its mark. The metal container slams into the guy’s head, sending him back down to the ground. The Baron, distracted by Steve, gets blasted by a well-aimed repulsor beam.
“Come on, punk,” Bucky jerks his head towards the doors and starts striding back across the room. Tony raises an eyebrow, but Steve can only shrug helplessly. “Your metal bodyguard can come too!”
“I personally escorted you to a hospital,” Tony continues, ticking fingers off his hand. “ I gave you my
So, Steve steels himself. Taking a deep breath, he falls into step with the stream of people headed into the building. He's going to drop off the thank you cards then be out of Tony's hair for good. Piece of cake.
Latching onto his hand, Cindy nods. He turns to say one last thank you, but to his surprise, Iron Man makes every motion to follow along. They push through the crowd to where Ms. Sheppard is trying to corral both their classes.
They’re at the MoMA for a field trip. Steve finally has his twenty-one rugrats secured back on the school bus along with Ms. Sheppard’s class. They managed to get through the whole trip with only Jeremy’s pudding cup and Michelle’s shorts as casualties, which he considers a rousing success.
It had been a relief to Steve before. Both he and his soulmate agreed that it was best for them to live their lives separately. At least it had been until Tony had to go and be charming and wonderful and far too loveable in person. Steve knows he shouldn't get involved any more than he is.
“It doesn’t have to change anything,” he says and feels his resolve harden when Tony stares at him. “Don’t feel obligated towards me. I shouldn’t have gotten as involved as I did.”
Bucky shakes his head before stomping back to the front of the room and yanking the door open. He levels Steve with an intense look.
She nods. “All the parents of our students have been notified, and we’re just waiting for the police to confirm our bus is safe to drive away.”
, Steve thinks viciously. He forces himself to his feet and tries to ignore the ringing in his ears.
Staring up at Stark Tower, Steve clutches his shoulder bag closer. A part of him wants to turn around and hop back on the subway. This is a bad idea, no matter what Bucky says.
An electric blue triangle with silver streaks around it, bright and gleaming, looking like something out of a Star Trek film. It sits on his chest - right over his heart. Bucky, of course, gives him grief about that.
There's silence. He feels foolish, standing there with his shirt open, his heart both literally and figuratively on his sleeve. But when he goes to button up, a raised hand stops him.
The frantic cries of “Mr. Rogers!”, “Mr. Rogers!” get louder as they approach. About thirty six-year-olds are scrambling over one another to ask if he’s ok, what happened, and whether or not Iron Man will take
They’re tangled up in thousand-count sheets. Tony’s stroking along the edges of the soulmark on Steve’s chest, which sends tingles of delight down his spine.
There's silence as he does his best impression of a gaping fish. Tony’s got this intense look in his eyes, but at Steve’s expression, he hesitates.
“Our Stevie, always the romantic,” he croons, only grinning at the punch in the shoulder it gets him.
There’s some commotion behind them. Steve turns just in time for a tiny blonde head to slam into his legs.
The doctor walks back in, a manilla folder in hand. He looks between Tony and Steve, neutral expression giving nothing away.
That trips Steve up. He glances nervously over at Tony, who is staring at the manilla folder like he can divine the secrets of the universe from it.
The mischievous glint in Tony's eyes has his knees going a little weak. "You should be grateful I'm too moral now to take bribes."
It’s off to the side, only a couple hundred yards away, sitting innocently under a Fragonard. A voice that sounds a hell of a lot like Bucky tells him to quit being a knucklehead and keep running, but his feet are already moving in the other direction. Dodging around a sculpture, ducking under a stray light beam, he scoops up the lunchbox -
"Uh, yes - yeah." Steve forces himself to act like a functional human being and holds the papers out. "My kids wanted to be sure you got a suitable thank you. Feel free to ignore any pleas to take them flying. Some of them got pretty - creative with their offers."
Steve ducks his head, the heat of embarrassment crawling up the back of his neck. “Well, I’m sure my old art professors would be glad to hear it.”
- and a blow to the back of the head sends him to his knees. Acting on instinct, he drops and rolls to the side.
excuses to offer. Before Afghanistan, it tended to run along the lines of "limit myself to one person and deprive the world of this body? Not even I'm that selfish". Steve's personal favorite is "statistically, only 12% of people like pineapple on pizza and I’m just not willing to deprive myself, god-given other half or no." After Afghanistan, Tony leaned into the commonly held belief that the Iron Man armor was his soulmate. The soulmark is of the arc reactor after all, and Tony has always been a man of his own invention.
He whips his head up to stare in shock. This is most definitely not part of the plan. It has to be a friendly gesture, he thinks desperately, he surely can’t mean -
“Woah, woah, woah guys quiet down!” He calls out and most of them settle. “I’m alright - Iron Man saved me.”
“Now,” Tony says, and the kids shift their attention back to him. He unlocks a panel on his arm and takes out a roll of what looks like - “who here wants a holographic Iron Man sticker!”
She pauses in her crying, sniffling as she turns to Iron Man with big, brown, teary eyes. “Thank you Mr. Iron Man.”
That sets off more cries and frantic movement. The kids crowd around to get a better look at the suit, some of the bold ones reaching out to touch.
What feels like only moments later, he can hear steps and the steadily rising voices of both Miss Pot-
“Sorry to crash the party.“ Iron Man stands up, shaking the rubble from his shoulders and bringing his gauntlets up to fire. “It seemed like it could use a little more action.”
He can’t help the laughter that comes. A rough, border-line manic thing that bursts from his chest. Bucky’s looking at him like he’s gone nuts, but that only makes it worse. Giggles wrack his whole body, stealing his breath away.
If Steve had thought it was hard enough being Tony’s soulmate when he was being beautiful and heroic on TV, it’s nothing compared to the tug of want that comes from watching him interact with kids in person. Trying to ignore his rapidly worsening crush, Steve turns to Ms. Sheppard.
“I sure did,” Steve hands it back to her, and she stares down at it, awe-struck. There’s jealous mutters from the other kids. “Your lunch box has special powers. Let’s be extra-careful not to lose it now - we wouldn’t want any bad guys to get a hold of it.”
The snarl has Tony’s palm coming up in a defensive stance, pointing towards where a furious Bucky is storming across the intake room. Buck barely spares him a glance. Steve tries to sink deeper into his seat.
All their mouths drop open, little eyes going wide with shock. Steve huffs out a laugh at their expressions.
He shakes her hand, relieved he’d had the wherewithal to wipe them off on his pants just moments earlier. “Likewise, Miss Potts.”
“What is so damn important?” he snaps, “I swear if it’s another Fast and Furious movie announcement, I’ll - “
Warm brown eyes dancing with amusement, Tony glances back up to Steve.  It’s a struggle to breathe again.
“So was I,” he says, wincing when the back of his head throbs again. Bucky was going to kill him alright.
“Some artist you are. The blue of our soulmark - “ the pronoun makes Steve’s insides curl with pleasure:
"I drove Buck nuts that first month, you know?” Steve knows he’s babbling, but his nerves won’t let him stop. “I’d call him in the middle of the night to see if he knew anyone with a degree in molecular physics because I was trying to read your thesis - "
It’s a miracle of modern medicine that he’s even alive. He’s grateful enough that he made it to adulthood. Having a soulmate would have been too good to be true.
. He’d only left them alone for five minutes, just enough time to get Tony gummy bears from the vending machine. Bucky hadn’t even mentioned the conversation to Steve, the traitor.
When Steve goes to unbutton his shirt, Tony looks comically scandalized for someone who was known for having orgies on a regular basis.
He strokes her hair, making soothing noises at her. “Cindy, it’s alright - I’m alright. Iron Man saved me.”
As they lie there, curled up in one another, Steve thinks that maybe - just maybe - the universe knows what it's doing.
"I figured I should say thank you as well," Steve says with a shrug, going for nonchalance even as his heart feels like it’s about to beat out of his chest.
“You dare insult the Baron,” the Baron spits, drawing himself up in what is probably supposed to be an intimidating posture.
Tony pauses for a moment and throws back over his shoulder. “Thanks, Pep. You are officially my favorite person for this.”
They’re lying in bed together well past any reasonable hour to be awake. But Tony is coming down from one of his workshop benders, and Steve is hard-pressed to lose any time with him. The kids can watch a movie for most of tomorrow, it’ll be a Friday anyway.
The man has never been more than five feet away from Steve at any given point. But he hasn’t looked Steve in the eyes once since he picked him up in a limousine outside of his Brooklyn apartment. Currently, he’s wearing a hole in the floor with his pacing, fidgeting with his phone and muttering to himself non-stop. Steve hopes he’s getting work done at least. For Pepper’s sake.
He’s vaguely aware of someone guiding him by his elbow from the doorway to the couch. It might be Natasha. His eyes stay glued to the screen as he sinks into familiar brown leather.
Tony’s unconcerned about it. He seems perfectly content to stand in front of Steve, alternating between writing incomprehensible code and playing what looks like Tetris on his phone. Steve really doesn’t know what to say. A part of him wants to chalk this whole day up to a crazy dream, but he doubts his own brain could be quite this creative.
"Would you - " Tony's big brown eyes flick up from the mark to meet his. ”Would you mind if we got it authenticated?"
His minions seem to take that as a cue to brandish their weapons and start advancing on them. One woman lets out a shriek. Steve crosses his fingers that an authority is on their way.
It’s a lot for Steve to take in. Objectively he knows all those people who faked his mark are just desperate and in need of some substantial therapeutic help, but he burns at the idea of them. There’s anger brewing in his chest at the injustice of it all. Tony’s been coerced into so much of his life with little to no choice.
“If everything’s good to go,” Tony beams at Ms. Sheppard, jerking a thumb in Steve’s direction. “I’ve gotta get Rogers the Lionhearted over to a medical station.”
After, Bucky and his Ma won’t even let him clean up. They insist it’s bad luck for the markee to help with his mark day party. Steve thinks it’s a whole lot of bullshit, but he plays along anyway. He knows they’re all relieved.
Pepper rolls her eyes and heads back through the doorway. "Remember that when I come to get you for tomorrow morning's board meeting."
"And now I really feel like I read the situation wrong." Tony says, and Steve watches in horror as a pasted-on smile replaces the genuine warmth from moments before. It’s disturbing to watch Tony’s persona change in real time. "Just forget I said anything and ignore me making an ass of myself, happens almost daily. Although it’s been awhile since I struck out this hard."
Steve supposes he should have expected that. There’s a mini fridge to his right full of incomprehensibly named sparkling water which emphasizes that this is one of those high-end authentication clinics made for CEOs, politicians, and celebrities. It’s nothing like those clinics on the trashy reality TV shows that Nat watches.
When he gets inside, Steve can’t help but stare. The inside of Stark Tower is just as imposing as the outside: all polished, sleek chrome. It certainly lives up to its name as
The receptionists are not at all surprised to see him. It’s a testament to their professionalism that the sight of Tony Stark looming in full armor doesn’t garner more than an extra blink. The same can’t be said of the other emergency room occupants. Steve thinks he sees a guy holding his own finger in a cup taking a video of them with his phone.
His Ma works herself into a tizzy once he shows her. Over his loud protests, she gets someone to cover her shift and rushes to throw him a marking party. The tiny apartment barely fits them all, him, Peg, Buck, and their assorted families crammed together, bumping knees and elbows. They bring him a bright blue cake. It’s lopsided and obviously some clearance item cast-off, but surrounded by his grinning friends and family, the cheap store icing is the best he’s ever tasted.
And that’s an invitation if he's ever heard one. He swallows down his panic as he tiptoes across what looks like a horribly expensive Persian rug, paranoid about the dirt on his shoes. Perching on the edge of the couch, he clutches his bag tightly enough that the leather digs into his skin.
knows that’s making him nervous. Every tick of the clock has lasted an eternity in the sterile atmosphere. For not the first time in his life, he wishes his Ma was around to sooth him.
“Don’t get me wrong, I’m totally fine with doing the whole platonic soulmate thing if that’s what you’re comfortable with. I know my life isn’t exactly easy to integrate into. But if you’re in, I’m in.”
“In that case - “ Iron Man takes a step forward. Steve lets out a squawk as a hand goes under his knees and another behind his back. He scrambles to steady himself in the bridal carry.
say?” Bucky puts a couple of bandages over scrapes on Steve’s hands that he hadn’t even realized he had. “You’re too reckless. Don’t give me any of that ‘it was necessary’. I heard interviews: what were you thinking trying to egg the guy on?”
Iron Man gives a little bow, and he can easily imagine Tony winking underneath the face plate. “I live to please.”
There’s a hum from Tony, but he’s distracted, gazing at the art in clear adoration. Unable to handle the look, Steve focuses on a swirl of carpet by his feet. As he’s trying to come up with a reasonable excuse to extract himself from this situation, Tony speaks up again.
There’s a cry of pain above him. He turns to see the minion collapse on the floor, taken out by a repulsor blast.
His heart jumps to his throat as she starts striding away. “I’m sure that isn’t necessary," he rushes, stumbling after her. "Mr. Stark’s probably very busy, and I really wouldn’t want to be a bother.”
"Really?" Tony looks a little startled at his easy agreement. Steve wonders what kind of crazies he's dealt with before.  "Right - good, great, perfect.”
"I would love to, but - I just - I - " At Tony's steadily rising eyebrow, Steve loses traction again. "I'm just not sure it's a good idea."
Steve, on the other hand, got his shirt for free from Porky’s Barbeque. His left sock has a hole on the big toe. He thinks he might be having a panic attack.
The elevator makes a pleasant chime when they reach the top. Once again, Steve is caught off guard as the doors open up to a lavish penthouse. The elevator has to have made a mistake.
It’s been fifteen minutes now since the doctor left their room. He’d scanned Steve’s chest with the polite non-judgement of a good medical professional for which Steve will be forever grateful. This situation is discomfiting enough without the added scrutiny from random strangers.
The rolling of his stomach is making him nauseous. He knows the mark is authentic. It’s just the unknown response once
Swallowing down his apprehension, he nods his thanks and approaches the elevator. There isn't an obvious place to swipe his key card. Steve has a few moments of panic before the doors slide open on their own.
“Well, you must have the same mental illness I have then.” Tony sits up in the chair and she has him his shirt. Before donning it, he uses it to wipe away the perspiration. “Why else would you believe me?”
The intimacy of a touch to his hand surprised Steve. He focused on Tony’s hand, laid gently over his, but slightly tightened at the same time. As he relaxed, Steve welcomed warmth of it, flesh to flesh. No part of him felt repulsed or wrong. He wondered, and then turned his hand over to grasp Tony’s hand. He pushed gratitude out through the bond, not sure if he was over thinking it, over working it. Would it not work at all or would it be like a tidal wave of feelings.
Steve turned slightly toward Tony, enough that his head rested on Tony’s shoulder. He gave Tony the opportunity to fully embrace Steve. He hesitated only for a moment, but then figured that Steve presented him with the option because he wasn’t opposed to it. Arms around Steve, Tony held him as he mourned the loss of Peggy and more. He spoke quiet words to Steve, telling him the meager stories he had of Peggy Carter, and even the stories he’d read as a child of Captain America, Bucky, and the Howling Commandoes. It was the only resource Tony had other than the scattering of stories his father had offered. Those were less and not as detailed.
“Have you gone to a reality vid experience?” Steve asks. Tony’s mouth is slightly open, and he shakes his head. Steve places his hand on Tony’s shoulder, making sure the gesture relies completely platonic relationship. “Well, maybe it’s time soon?”
“Fury helped me keep it quiet. I didn’t want anyone to be in danger.” The soul bond that linked them all together vibrated with new energy as if the substantial strength of the family surrounding Clint shored up his own astral projection and, by association, empowered the pack. Steve shifted his shoulders, uncomfortable with the idea of a vulnerable family being in the line of fire.
“More’s the pity,” the vampire said. He backed down – almost instantaneously – which had surprised Tony. By all accounts, vampires were villainous and would attack and take what they wanted without permission. They were deviant and monstrous. But the vampire they met that night seemed genuinely curious about them and what they were up to. He had agreed – for nothing – to take them to the Blood Den. He’d asked them about their college life and his eyes sparkled as they described classes, dorm life, and even cafeteria food.
“No. Nat is here. You stay there. Help with the mess.” A terrorist cell from AIM just blew a hole through lower Manhattan. “Make sure that substance isn’t lethal.”
“You got him?” Sam asks but the sound feels so far away as Bucky approaches the crumpled figure in the corner.
Steve stares at the collar. His heart thrums a beat in his chest that rocks him. It thickens his breathing and tightens his throat. He shouldn’t. He has no right, not after what happened between them. Tony hated him – hates him. He might say that he loves Steve right now, but it’s only because of Steve came close to death. Scares like that cause people to declare all kinds of foolish things. When they get back to the compound and things settle down, the past will bubble up in all it’s festering glory.
“I told you, I wanted to talk things out. I wanted to see how you were doing. I-.” He hangs his head and stares at his untouched beer. “I missed you.”
“No. No, thank you.” Steve can just imagine the mess that would make. He waves Tony off and then realizes he can’t see him. “Just no.”
“I didn’t do anything,” Tony said and then peered around the group to see through the window into Steve’s room. He still rested on the bed, unmoved and still. Wires and tubes littered his body. “What’s going on?” A sudden and horrible fear hit him. What if in the dreamscape Steve lost his way back? What if Steve was gone for good? What if the bond broke when Steve said he wanted to do it? Now, Steve flailed around in the netherworld, lost and alone. “What’s happening?” He pleaded.
“No,” Steve said after he’d thought about it. “Not at all. Nothing really happened until he touched it.”
On the night in question, Tony had been dedicated to working on enhancing the interface between the arc reactor and the armor when Coulson appeared at the workshop door. Tony could not explain why he just didn’t tell JARVIS to shut him out, lock the damned door. He didn’t and Coulson walked right in. Usually his demeanor was all business and proper. He was always dressed in a moderate suit with a tie and a tiny little smirk on his face. This time, he was in jeans, a black t-shirt, and a hoodie. Plus he carried a tray with two steaming mugs on it.
“Your time is nearly finished. You are not so needy,” he says and pets a hand down Steve’s chest through the drying come.
On the other hand, Steve seems oblivious to the anxiety threatening to eat its way through Tony’s head and spit out his brains. He offers Tony his arm and they leave the lobby, like any happy couple.
“Because he has such a good grip on his thought processes, we routinely don’t have a problem,” Bruce said. “But it does happen. If I get too involved in some project and don’t do the daily meditation my thoughts start feeding back to me, like an echo.” Bruce sighed. “It’s a reflection. Your thoughts colliding with others in the pack. Like ripples in a pond. You throw one stone, you get one ripple. You throw a bunch the ripples interact, some additive, some subtractive. It messes with your head.”
While in front of Steve, the V-Corps agents acquiesced to Tony’s needs, but then they’d beaten and stabbed Steve. Tony had protested, screamed for them to stop, but the V-Corp agents dragged him away with a blanket over his head, supposedly for protection – but Tony suspected to hide the evidence of what’d they’d done to his human mate. They locked him in vampire strength shackles and kept him in just enough of the growing light of the van to keep him weak. By the time they arrived at the Triskelion, it was night and Tony had grown stronger. They’d needed prods and seven different V-Corp agents to escort him into the building. He demanded to know where Steve was, yelled to be in contact with Fury, and threatened each and every one of them he came in contact with, but it made no difference. They’d processed him as if his rantings bored them.
“Oh, I just.” Might as well own up to it. “I had to sterilize my plug and dildo. We try and keep everything clean and satisfactory for our clients at the Widow’s Brothel.”
“Can you tell me who that was? Was she part of your troop?” Tony asks, but as soon as the words are out of his mouth, he knows she isn’t a soldier. She’s something far different from a soldier.
No one ever thought it would be a good idea to try it on someone who might need it as a way to escape health issues. Most of the government fell into the trap that Schmidt had – use it on strong men and make them even stronger. It just didn’t work that way.  Bruce had used it as a cure, but the serum didn’t cure that way – at all. Steve couldn’t say he understood how it made him better, but he knew that there were certain parts of his mind and his brain that were untouched and he had hoped would be cured by the serum that weren’t. Instead, as he became Captain America he simply shoved those failings into a compartment in his brain, closed it, locked it, and threw away the key. Lingering on his weaknesses during a world war helped no one.
The dreams that haunted him came back to jeer at him. The dreams were erotic, so sexual and so detailed. Their physicality overwhelmed him. The tenement apartment, Tony lying next to him, Tony breaching him. As he thought about it, he grew hard and the shame ached through him. What was wrong with him?
“Then I’m glad I can be here and provide that for you,” Steve says, and he hates the sound of it. It’s cold and an official line of the brothel’s. He opts to try something else, indicating the holographic image of the mansion. “You consider this particular residence as your home?”
Tony drops into the chair and holds his beer, lax in his hand. “So, you found some purpose in life then?”
"How?" Steve sits up and feels better, less interested in the stream of pictures on the television. He flicks it off. "How?"
Tony bends over and, for a moment Steve thinks he’s angry, but then his arms slip around Steve and bring him into a tenuous embrace. Tony keeps a slight distance between them, but he’s there and he holds onto Steve as he cries. All the open sores, the open wounds, are raw and festering. Steve can’t stop it. No one can.
“You broke his nose? Who was it?” Natasha folds her arms and glares at him, practically challenging him to defy her question.
“Ma used to tell me all kinds of Irish stories from the old country,” Steve smiles as he thinks about her. “She was such a little woman but everyone in the neighborhood always listened to her. Kids would always say, Yes, ma’am. No, ma’am. Very respectful.”
“Fuck, he already tried to kill you,” Tony spat back. “No, you are not doing that. I won’t allow it.”
“Well, we might be able to figure something out,” Bruce said but his curiosity overwhelmed him. Steve could clearly see it written on his face. “What happened to you? I mean, don’t get me wrong. I get that you had a dream or a flashback, or something, but when I turned Hulk – what happened?”
Tony nods and the faceplate snaps shut. “JARVIS let’s go.” He shoots up into the air and sees the villagers have emptied out from their houses to line the street and watch him rise into the sky. “Let’s head south first.”
The Silver Knight looks between Frigga and the Red Knight. Frigga only smiles and goes back to the basin. She starts pull out vegetables from the wash bin to chop.
As Pep walks up to Tony and shakes her head. She reads the panel on the side of the cell and yanks at him. “What are you doing? This is wasting time. There’s a few others we should talk to-.”
“You could start thinking about it as a gift rather than a sentence,” Sam said. “Have you even talked to Stark?”
“I don’t think I’ve blushed since I was eleven, twelve at the most.” Tony sighed into Steve’s touch and then he brightened. “This is really happening.”
“Very good, Captain. Very good.” Pierce clapped. He stood in front of Steve and applauded his failure. The rage of hatred and disgust ran through Steve and he strained in his chains even as his stomach roiled and heaved. Pierce ignored him. “Thaddeus, my dear friend, the stench in here is terrible. Perhaps some cleanup is in order?”
Tony kisses him tenderly and then lifts his head. “Steve, you treated me like you were hot and bothered for my body. You couldn’t keep your hands off me. I have to tell you, that was some damn sexy times.”
“Not for you to take on the whole of Schmidt’s gang to save the entire town, Steve. We can all just move on.” Bucky says and pours some water from the pitcher. “Drink.”
He leaves Tony under the tree of life and walks back to the cottage. The scenery changes around him, transforms into a garden path that’s overground and thick with wildflowers. It reminds him of those stories of Sleeping Beauty. Before he gets to the cottage though, a hand grasps his shoulder and turns him around – it’s Tony, of course.
When Steve studied each of their expressions, he knew that Natasha set him up. “No, no thank you. I’ll pass.” Instead he served himself some of the spaghetti as the team started to talk about training exercises.
“I mean, yes? They were wandering around the quarters level. Shouldn’t you already be aware of that?” Steve asks.
Steve might not have been conscious, not fully so, but his astral projection realized more than he could. His energy ebbed and dissipated but his core remained vital, alive with the spark of life. It resonated, pulsating with exuberance. The strength and grip of the hand in his offered him support, but also showed him something more beautiful, more promising.  The synchronicity of his soul with another took his breath away. He gulped for breath, and the doctors yelled directives and monitors screamed in protest. As they placed an oxygen mask over his face, he tightened his fingers over the hand he clasped. He wanted to stay, to remain, and to open his eyes. But he could not gather the strength.
Yet moving into the darkened hall only invites the images, the monsters to follow him and he’s there again – in the prison camp – and the smell becomes a living thing. The reek embodies all of the fear and revulsion. It shapes before him and the filthy tents, the heat and humidity of the place drawn up with the scent of human waste, of humans wasting away, of pus and sickness – it culminates to the feel of the whip as it slices across his back because he’s defended the defenseless, tried to make it an easier place to survive. The horror of it, the terror of it turned men into beasts and no one allowed the slightest humanitarian act. Regardless of their similar fates as prisoners, there were those who would use it to their advantage.
“Tell me. Tell me what to do,” Steve said. “I had these dreams, you know.” He spoke between kisses and licks. He traveled down Tony’s body, worshiping it. He nibbled at nipples and tongued them until Tony hitched his breath and arched with desire. “I had these dreams and we did so much. I want to do that now.”
Rumlow sniffled and wiped at his nose again. Just that motion made Tony wonder if the man did lines of coke to ease the boredom in this place. Rumlow shook his head and stared Pepper in the eyes.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tony said and needed to escape. Hell, they were having a quiet day, Tony successfully managed to keep his doubts buried deep until Natasha barged in and dug them all up again. He would not accept that his peace, his denial, was exposed. “It’s fine.”
“Yes, please.” Happy gestures for Steve to get in step with him and they leave the prince’s quarters. Happy fidgets as they walk toward the exit of the ship. “Do you take the late shift a lot?”
As Steve rouses, the woman peers over her shoulder at Tony and grimaces. “No, I’m not here for you. I shouldn’t even be here for him. But the whole place has gone down in flames. Can you remember something to tell him?”
It’s the prince who takes control then he thrusts up and growls as he does, his eyes wide and hungry. He pets Steve’s face and grips his arms, sliding a hand up his thin chest. For a second Steve’s embarrassed about his slim frame but when he looks down at the prince he only see wonder and want. It coils down deep in his groin and his hard cock leaks, dripping and pooling pre-come onto the prince’s belly.
Blu ends up strolling away. Tony calls out to him but Blu only purrs back. He listens to the night insects come alive as the twilight turns to evening, and then evening turns to night. He hopes Blu comes back. He doesn’t want to be here alone. With deft hands, he slips on the gauntlet and hooks up the wires to the arc reactor. Even with his injured arm, he’s able to do it now. The gauntlet stabilizes his arm. He thinks he should keep it on for a while as a splint as well as protection.
“Because I’m good to my workers. And I know you. I know the type I should say. You’ll burn out early because you’re emotionally invested in all of your clients. You spend so much time learning about them, caring for them. You’ll burn out early especially when you lose one to the war.” Her voice settles. “In the end, Steve, you’re going to need it because you’re not going to last in this profession.”
He must fall asleep contemplating his displacement. When he wakes it’s too the smell of coffee. Sitting up he rubs at his eyes and looks over to the window. It’s still snowing, and still light out. He couldn’t have slept that long.
Steve slumped forward, his hands hanging over his knees. “It seems we might be visiting one another in our dreams.”
Ross stepped away, slipping his finger out of the stab wound. The thin blood dripped on the floor. “You know Barton never let on. He never told us it was you.” Ross snickered. “He did have some loyalty to his Captain, I suppose. I can’t blame him for that, but I will. He will suffer that we had to wait so long to figure it out.”
Steve furrowed his brows. “How could I possibly ruin your childhood when I wasn’t even alive. I was in the ice.”
“I didn’t see you trying,” Tony snaps. He sags with his shoulders slumping. “Sorry. No. I can do it if it’s necessary. But I figured the best part of this was that we don’t have to worry about taking our time to get it done. Of course, if the interface degrades that’s another story.”
When he swallows down the pain, it’s thick like heavy smog clogging his throat. “We haven’t been together for some time, he can be with whomever he wants-.”
“Take Wanda with you. She’s entertained the prince before. She knows what he likes.” She transfers credits to his account. “And Steve, do a good job and this could change your life.”
Before they get to the entrance to the room, Steve hears the clank of silverware and the din of people talking.  Steve sucks in his breath. A cold tide crushes him as if he’s drowning in the frigid Arctic waters. Walking through the door means facing Tony, seeing his hopes and dreams that grew over the last two months bleed away. Inwardly he shivers and he tenses his hands into fists. He fights against it, shoving the anxiety away like he would during missions. He searches the room and doesn’t see Tony right away. Part of him relaxes but the larger part is simply disappointed.
“I’m what?” Steve shouts. “What? We spent weeks together. I took care of you, I had purpose and meaning. Now, I sit at home – in this massive house – alone most of the time. I can’t get into your workshop, I’m not allowed. I sit alone and wait – wait for you to notice me. To see I’m still Blu. I’m still the same. But you ignore me, you shun me. You stay out all the time.”
He closes his eyes and the light surrounding him flickers and fades. The attackers come at Tony and he doesn’t hold back, he lets the tears flow as he sears the tunnel with flames. No one can stop him, no one does. He launches and screams, screams at his helplessness locked in a tin can, screams at the senselessness of war and destruction, cries at the loss of life, at the loss of something, someone, special.
“Red Skull gang is policing farther out, I guess. They came at us, wasn’t pretty.” He holds back for a moment as the pain cycles through him. Steve grips his hand, wanting to tell him not to try, but knowing Bucky would be insulted; he stays quiet. “I got away, but just barely, Clint knew I was hurt. He went and gave himself up, saying he wanted to turncoat.”
On the plane, Tony leaves Steve to his own devices and goes to the back of his jet to relax and have a good stiff bourbon. He lets it burn his throat as he eyes his passenger. Steve glances around the cabin and walks toward a window. He bends over to peer out. He settles on the chair closest to the window with his legs curled under him. He places his head on the arm of the chair and closes his eyes. For such a big guy, Tony’s surprised he can ball up so tiny. It recalls to him the fact that Captain America would use his famous shield to protect himself in battle. Tony knows the shield. His father recovered it years ago from the Arctic Ocean. At least now Tony sees that wasn’t a myth, but a truth.
Tony places the plates with the fries on the island. “Do you want to go home tomorrow?” He knows it’s not a good transition, that Steve just confessed something about his mother, but he needs to know.
“My father cares not for Loki, but my mother would be heartbroken if something were to happen to him out here in your American Wilds.” Thor’s shoulders slump which is a feat in and of itself.
Abruptly, Tony stands next to him and places a comforting hand on his shoulder. “Let me tell you a story, Captain. It might ease your mind.”
“Can I say I don’t care if it works or not. I just want you to be okay? I want you back. I miss you already.”
“Except Frigga,” Natasha says. “She ascended here through the Asgardian Rite. She’s the one that started the revolution against the Soul Keeper.”
“Okay then. Challenge accepted.” Steve plops the shield onto the snowy ground in a fresh patch of the hill. He settles onto the shield with his legs stretched out unlike his position the first time down the hill. He gestures for Tony to climb on his lap. “Come on, get on.”
Blu slips around onto the ground and Tony falls into his grasp. They cuddle like that for several minutes. A lion on his back with a human tucked into his paws. “Don’t leave me again. Please.” Blu ducks his head down and snuggles against Tony. Tony listens to his deep purring. “Why did you leave? Please don’t.” The fear bubbles up. He jumps away from Blu. “You left and I was scared for you. I didn’t know if you got hurt or something. Where’ve you been?”
Steven saunters to the rack – exerting his power and Tony feels the influence of his bonding gland. The pheromones are thick in the air and, like a tonic, an addiction to Tony. He’s stronger than Tony surmised. He will terrify everyone at the Council. Tony will be the King of Worlds with this masterpiece at his side.
Tony laughed. As he thinks on that moment now, he can still taste the bitter bile and the acid rolls in his stomach. He recalls how Steve treated himself, how he let men beat him and fuck him just to numb all the pain. It hurts even now as he sits in the cab in the thick of traffic in the middle of Mumbai, India.
“Yeah, yeah!” Bruce smiled. “Yeah I think that has to be it. So as the Healer of the pack – this is my job, Steve. You need to be here to finalize the bond I would think, but I have to bring Clint’s astral projection back to his body so to speak.”
Tony drops his head and presses his fingers into his eyes. “Not many, I don’t think. We’ve gotten far into it. According to my calculations, Ultron’s encryption beyond what we had to do to hack into his brain is more basic. It might be this one and one more. That’s it.”
“Things are. We’re a pack. A soul pack,” Tony emphasized it. “Being part of a pack that’s the Avengers has to count for something.”
“Oh yes you can. Don’t change, Steve. Okay? Don’t change.” Steve nods and then Sam dons his uniform jacket. “Take care, Captain.”
“How about lover?” Tony said. He must have detected the trepidation in Steve’s heart. “See you think it’s gross.”
“Now don’t give me that shit,” Sam said. “We can all feel that you’re hiding from something. I just can’t figure out what.”
Ross gives up after all evidence of Ultron disappears from the internet. The contamination of the world’s virtual highway is cured. Ross chops at the bit, wanting to control them, wanting to put them away in a prison in the middle of an ocean somewhere. It might be for another day, but the Avengers have done too much good to not forgive a mistake. There will be consequences, they all know it. But for a while, they all celebrate the little victories.
She paused and looked up from her suitcase. “I love you, too. And that’s why I can’t do this anymore. I can’t continue to pretend this is good. Because it isn’t. Neither of us enjoy it. I want someone who not only cherishes me like you do, but who’s turned on by me. You aren’t, Tony. God, I can’t recall how many times I had to -.” She shook her head. “It doesn’t matter. Find the right guy. Stop lying to yourself.”
“God, I think I have to go take care of this,” Tony said as he pressed the heel of his hand into the crotch of his pants.
“Yes, you do.” Wong stood. The rustling of his robe alerted Natasha of his movement and she stopped, quieted. Wong considered her and then went back to Steve. “If you do not find the resonance to bond that part of your astral projection, it will surely unravel.”
Steve licks his lips and stands, wanting to escape but grateful at the same time. “Thanks, Bruce. I’ll keep it in mind.”
“Am I?” Steve says and arches a brow at her. During the times Steve had with the General he did talk in his sleep but mainly about troop movements and occasionally about something called the Hulk.
“Not only my opinion, the opinion of the whole world.” Tony winks at him and then bends forward to grab a handful of popcorn. When he peers over his shoulder to see his reaction, he witnesses Steve staring with his mouth slightly open at the slightly exposed skin at Tony’s waist. He blinks and turns back to the bowl. He’s imagining things. He picks up the bowl and strategically places it on his lap. “This way we don’t have to keep reaching for it.”
Steve nods and pushes the papers around while he keeps one arm clasped around his belly.  He doesn’t complain as he works on the armor pieces. He picks up the tools and slowly begins to assemble the armor – as much as he can without Tony in place in the armor.
He'd called ahead but never elaborated on the urgency of his visit. He steps inside once Sharon waves him through the threshold. He’s surprised to see her here; he'd thought she had a government job.
Steven licked up along the shaft of Tony’s cock and then peered at him. “I didn’t think alphas really cared these days.”
His riding beast hisses and growls at him, but the Silver Knight hunches low over its curved, scaly neck, pushing it on as the demons shoot their fire arrows. Their aim lands true and one scorches the Silver Knight’s neck but fails to pierce it. He slaps a gloved hand on his skin making sure it’s not set aflame. The burn stings but at least it’s not punctured. He steadies his hand on his beast and uses the riding crop liberally. The beast’s eyes rear back at him, red and angry. It’s the only way to get it to leap over the emptiness of the crevasse. The rage feeds its darkened soul.
The dreamscape dissolved around Tony, the firm grasp of Bucky disappeared and he found himself laying on the couch with Bruce standing over him, a quizzical look on his face. Tony cleared his throat and glanced around, trying to get his bearings. Penthouse. Couch. Tower.
“Two weeks,” she retorts, and he shrugs his shoulders. “You’re expecting him to know what the hell is going on and accept that his master, the Soul Keeper, is evil and we’re not.”
Tony scanned the hallway and saw that all the monitoring devices were inactive. He attributed that to Clint. Maybe, the guy was trustworthy, now. Pushing the gurney as Steve moved around on it, Tony followed Natasha. If their luck held out, they would be able to get to the elevators and down to the lower level parking garage without anyone noticing them. Considering the last few days though, Tony knew their luck tipped to the bad side.
Chuckling, Tony helps Steve up to the beach. Steve waits on the patio, stretching out his healing wings as much as he dares to dry them in the warm sun. Tony stands behind him, concentrating on his wings. Steve feels that pleasure again, that pride to know that Tony might just admire his grand wings. They are bigger than any he’s seen before. As they dry Tony reaches out and strokes them, tentatively at first, and then moves to caress them as Steve relaxes into his touch.
“He’s not ready and you shouldn’t push it.” A voice from the other side of the cottage interrupts them. A woman with deep auburn red hair and full lips steps into the light. “It’s going to take a while Tony. How long did it take you to wake up?”
Bucky frowns. There's a question. He taps on the console to pull up a schematic of the fortress. Sam's right, he's always the voice of reason when Bucky is the voice of chaos. "Yeah okay. I can see the southwest corner where I think the prison block is might have a shoot going into the sewer. Find us there."
The rest of the ride is silent. Tony turns on the heat in the car even though it is late summer and he’s boiling due to the humidity and the temperature outside. He notices that Steve shivers and curls in on himself. Clearly, he’s in some type of mental shock even though he’s the king of denial. When Tony pulls up close to his apartment building he looks over at Steve. He’s sleeping.
“Is it now?” Tony looks him up and down with a smirk. “You’ll always be Captain to me.” Though the tone isn’t unkind, it is far from fond. It lashes into Steve until he’s barely able to stand there while holding his tongue.
“He sure does.” Clint touched his ear comm again. “On our way down.” He turned back to Steve. “This is one of the many safe houses that Fury has and not SHIELD. He let me know a few for my family’s safety.”
“Depression does that to you,” Tony replied. He flopped his arms at his sides. Life as the undead sometimes felt excruciatingly boring. Endless days and nights.
“Well, of course. Have a good visit.” She puts the six pack down and turns to her door, but not before her smiles fades a degree. He quirks an eyebrow and then with his foot knocks on Steve’s door.
Still sitting but with his chair pushed out for escape, Steve glances around the table. Everyone is watching him, but with kind almost forgiving eyes. It’s Tony that Steve worries about the most. His expression borders on curious and reminds Steve of when Tony’s puzzling out a problem in the lab.
Steve faces a beautiful parasite inside of SHIELD - and threads his soul to new members of his pack.
Steve frowns at him and starts again. “Yeah surprise, okay. So there are Legions that protect worlds. We – the Shield Legion protect this world, humans. We look like humans because we protect humans.”
“Oh, Tony. I know why you married him.” She blushes – full on blush that pinks her cheeks and reddens her neck. “It’s nice to meet you as well, Steve.” Steve stands to the side, obviously giving his seat to Pepper. “Oh no. You sit next to your husband, Steve. I’m just here because Tony’s going to have to make some announcements and clear some issues up with the Board of Directors.”
Clint asserts himself. “We need the blacksmith and a doctor, Cap. We got no one else. Like you said, ain’t a lot around this town for anyone to be interested in it.”
Now, Tony’s sitting up straighter. “Nanites.” This is his kind of territory, he understands nanotechnology.
A knock announces the arrival of the alpha. Steve can’t decide whether or not to just tell him to come in or to open the door. He opts for the latter. “Come.”
She uses a mirror to show him how to quickly and efficiently shave his groin. After she finishes she pulls out a number of dildos and asks him. “Have you had penetrative sex before?”
“Yeah.” He scrubs a hand through his hair. “Just hard to orient myself. Don’t even have Dummy here with me to give me directions.”
“You know it’s funny you think you have the upper hand since my arm is at your throat,” Steve growls at him.
“You met Pepper and Jarvis. You’ll meet Happy and Rhodey as well. Yinsen’s gone, but I survived because of them. I owe them everything.”
Blu’s eyes get bigger, sadder, he places his head on his paws and sighs. How long the Ten Rings had Blu for and how long he’s been away from his home – be it Africa or a circus – has to be months, probably even longer. He’s a lone soul. A lot like Tony. He pets the big animal and whispers, “Don’t worry big guy, you got me.” Blu doesn’t respond.
“What could I do? What?” Steven yells at him then, the anger, the frustration reddens his expression. “Do you want me to cut it out? Cut out my gland and break the bond? I could do that. I could rip it out with my bare hands. Right now.” His eyes are wild with rage. “What do you want me to do? I did what you asked. I tried to take care of you. I stopped you from drinking so you wouldn’t make a damned fool of yourself. I read the Viz-nets. I did my homework like any good little omega. I know who you are, Tony Stark, better than you know yourself.” He runs hands through his hair and closes his eyes. He murmurs why why why a few times before he glares at Tony again and says, “I did what had to be done. What else would you have me do?”
Clint glanced at Ross and then physically flinched at the words. He looked at up Steve, at him hanging there like a piece of meat, and shook his head. “I didn’t have choice. You have to understand. My kids.”
Tony follows directions and groans a little as Steve enters him. “Oh you’re so tight for me. So tight. So velvety.” His own cock jumps and Steve bites back his reaction, wanting to moan, but he wants Tony to keep in control of his own orgasm. “You’re being good for me. Are you gonna take me? All of me?”
“Just love that one,” he mutters and they enter into a circular room. An elevator sits in the center of the large room. Along the walls are glassed off rooms – cells for the omega warriors. A tired man at a desk near the doors they passed through jumps up and greets them. He doesn’t look like one of the Elders of Shield, but Tony cannot rule it out. He’s probably a contractor. Tony doesn’t know the Elders as well as some of the Council members. The Elders stay necessarily outside of the more bloody politics of the realm.
“Love and happiness. Really? I mean if anyone should be cynical it should be me. But you grew up with happily ever after. I grew up with something is only cool if the main character that you love dies or turns out to be the bad guy.” Tony shakes his head. “No, if anyone’s going to be the pessimist about this, it should be me.”
“Yes. He keeps all souls here, bound to him. They feed him and energize him so that he is not destroyed. So that he can go on and commit ruin for all eternity.”
“Aw, it was nothing,” he replies but Tony swears he sees the color on Steve’s cheeks heighten. Expertly, Steve fixes Tony his second cup of coffee and then begins to clean the kitchen.
Tony had stayed stone cold. “It was either that or you go to prison for the remainder of your life.”
He accesses the current list of attendees. Frowning, he still cannot understand why Fury insists on allowing some of these corporations and groups agency. They deserve less than nothing in some aspects. Over the course of the human history in space, corporations, unions, and guilds as well as some less savory types like Ringers and Pirates have succeeded in attaining person rights. In Steve’s mind that’s all kinds of wrong.
On the other hand, they salivate over Steve. He is a mystery to them and they’re over the moon to discover what secrets he conceals. Steve doesn’t speak or respond in any way. They share the same room for the first parts of the examinations, but then the doctors decide they need to admit Steve for further observation and study. Tony’s buttoning up his shirt sleeve cuff (luckily Happy always knows to bring extra clothes for Tony – ever since that one time he ended up on a nude beach with no idea where he clothes disappeared) when he hears it from Happy.
“Yeah,,” Steve whispered, and Tony heard the crack in his voice at the same time that the reverberations from his soul wavered. “I have to save him, Tony. You know that, right?”
“Don’t tell me you broke up. You need some solid foundation in your life. Even the short time I met him I could tell how much you cared about him. It doesn’t hurt that it’s obvious he’s crazy about you.” She sighs into the phone. “Don’t do this to yourself, Tony. Find happiness, stop trying to hurt yourself all the time.”
Stark nods to Banner and the doctor squeezes his shoulder once and then releases him. “You know, Sheriff, I think I will stay. Not because you so sweetly invited me, but because I don’t back down from a challenge.” Stark spins on his heel, surveying all, the tiny jail with its rusted bars on the windows and single lantern in the wall sconce. “Yep, I think I’ll be staying here and change things up a bit. I think this town’s rip for the pickin’s.”
Tony shifts and abruptly is at Steve's feet, kneeling, hands on his knees. "I live an unconventional life, Captain, because I've seen what it means to come close to death. So have you, you've seen death, you've smelt the terror of it. So tell me Captain, tell me, will you continue on in your charade or will you follow down my path and lift the mask of convention."
Steven moves away from Tony, and goes to the door of the presentation suite. “What you are is not the prime alpha that the world needs. You’ve played too long and see this as a game. This is not a game for some chair. This is people’s lives. You don’t see it that way because you’ve never had to worry about your own life or your own future. Others suffer and die because of the order of society. It’s the burden that’s been passed down again and again through time. If you want to change things, you need to be willing to lay down on the wire. You need to offer yourself.”
“How about this?” He shines the repulsor light on the ground and dances it around Blu. “Watch the light. Not me.” He points to the laser dot on the ground. Those cerulean blue eyes gaze at him. “The light. Look down!”
“You’re being so dramatic, Sheriff.” Tony says and picks up his glass. “Drink your port and then come to bed with me.”
Bucky flared his nostrils in response but bobbed in his head in agreement. “Yeah. This is for Stevie.”
Tony smiles and shakes his head. The rueful look softens Steve and he allows his hackles to quiet. “Captain, I don’t mean to offend, maybe enlighten, but not offend. I’ve come close to death, so have you. I decided that I won’t allow anyone or any manmade law decide how I might live.”
“Be careful,” is all Steve says before he nods to Rhodes to stay with Pepper and escorts Tony with the guards toward the back of the stage.
“We keep it clean. You know wash it. It responds to me, let’s me clean it, shave it. Knows I don’t take any shit from it.”
Bruce stuffs something under Tony’s tongue and then Steve releases his grip. Tony shudders and falls back against Pepper. He’s not unconscious but he’s limp and drained. Pulling out a stethoscope, Bruce strings it on and listens to Tony’s heart. Steve wonders how much he can actually hear considering Tony’s ragged breathing.
“I’m going to learn astral projection?” Steve asked. He’d spent a lot of his free time reading up on soul packs and astral projections and dimensional transference. If Steve was honest with himself, the idea of learning about astral projections outside of the soul pack really didn’t appeal to him at all.
When the helicopter lands at the airstrip, there’s a private jet on the tarmac waiting for them. Steve can’t seem to figure out how Pepper mobilized all of this so quickly, but he’s thankful for it, nonetheless. They transfer over to the private jet with little objections from Tony. Although he says nothing, Tony seethes – Steve can tell. Tony ignores the medics and goes to the back of the jet where there’s a private room. He closes the doors. The medics look to Steve for assistance.
“I don’t know what to believe. My soul, the universe is telling me something, but my brain and the knowledge I grew up with says another,” Steve said. He stood right over Tony now, the light around him burnished like a halo. Part of Tony wanted to laugh at it, the religious connotations not lost on him.
“Okay, then.” Steve continue to kiss him but the necking transforms as he slowly tastes and attends every part of Tony’s body, setting nerves into overdrive. His body like a race car waiting for the gun roars with life and need. It is too much and too little all at the same time.
He struggles to sit up, but the weakness pervading his body slams into him, causing him to fall back like Mjolnir lays on his chest. “You can’t. Don’t do this-.”
Tony sniffles and, for the first time, realizes he’s crying. He nods. “Yes.” The words barely get out. “Yes, it is.” The serum isn’t working for part of Steve’s body. It’s rejecting part of who Steve is. What the fuck does that mean? “It’s bad, Nat. Really bad.”
Tony nodded more to himself than to Steve. “Okay. Then.” He flattened his mouth and said, “I think that may be the first time I said no to someone.”
Without much leverage, Tony tried his damnest to kick up at his attacker but there was no stopping him. Possessed, obsessed failed to describe his feral expression, his singular intent. Murder was his intent, murdering Tony right in the little hovel apartment where Tony once had Steve on his knees sucking at his dick.
His father spent most of his time locked in his den, sodden with alcohol and bitter with defeat.  Defeat against what? Tony had no idea. Probably his demented need to find Captain America. Tony shoved his comic books in the bin to be stored away. He didn’t need to bring such childish things with him to MIT. His college life presented him with a whole new world of possibilities and of freedom. Away from the horrendous resentment and hatred that permeated his home like a mold growing on the walls after a flood, except the flood never receded in his family’s house. Not really. His mother resented his father for his drunkenness, for his abuse, for his long need to find a dead war hero. She spent most of her time away – with her friends on the East Coast or even in Europe. Truly, Tony didn’t know. As a little boy he would toddled after her because she symbolized safety, but even her safety grew weary with melancholy and Tony’s love for his mother failed to drag her out of her haze.
Rhodey was jittery and scanned the area like they might be attacked at any moment by a rabid vampire. Tony had laughed and told him that vampires couldn’t get rabies; they’re already dead. That was when they bumped into a vampire. The vamp must have only been in his late teens when he was turned, but he seemed older in his maturity. He agreed to escort them to the Blood Den.
Steve gazes at him for a moment, before he turns on his heel and heads back to the living space of the cabin. He’ll have to be quick about it. Who knows what crazy stuff Tony will try without him there? Regardless of sight, Tony is a maniac in the lab. He loves to try new things, and nothing intimidates him. The more dangerous the better.
The Adonis before him looks down at his collared Polo-rip-off shirt that’s probably two sizes too small for him, and then back up at Tony. He frowns and says, “Different?” He’s clutching a leather-bound portfolio that probably came from the thrift store down the block of wherever this Adonis lives. His khakis are nicely pressed, but the shirt is definitely a fake that he probably bought from a sidewalk vendor.
When the woman takes the menus and promises to be right back with their shakes, Steve turns to Tony and hunches forward as if he wants to conspire and whisper secrets into his ears. “It’s our three week anniversary today.”
“It’s not even a day and you look like you’re making yourself comfortable here,” Steve said and crossed the room to shake Bruce’s hand.
. He picked up his hand and rubbed his temples in feigned exhaustion. He wasn’t ready to share, not now, not with the pack and surely not with the world. Though he knew that Sam would never betray his confidence, Steve still needed to sort things out for himself. “Do you think I could sleep a little more?”
“Not right now,” Tony says and lifts his phone from his pocket. “I’m going to get some security out here, just to make sure you have a window.” He’s lying. He’s going to find a way to get them all to his mansion. He doesn’t fucking care. Clint eyes him, assessing his value and the truth of his statement. “Believe me, I have the funds and the power.”
Heading to his suite of rooms, Tony meets Jarvis as he closes the suitcases. “All finished here, sir. Is there anything else?”
As mistress of the coven, head of their family, Natasha directed what they would do, how they would handle the situation.  She ignored Thor’s concern and said, “Stay low. Scatter. Go to your hidden safe houses. I want no one here by dusk. I’ll contact Carter in Europe and see how they are handling it. I’ll also contact Carol, Wanda, Helen, and Diana to see if they have any plans.”
Bucky as the Winter Soldier comes to life, his words are slightly off – as if Ultron has a difficult time with articulating the character. “Maybe to convince them, they should see the recording.”
Tony pours the coffee and hands a cup to Steve. “Nope. The Door was in the maze rim. I figured that would happen. Ultron’s scrapping the rims as soon as we solve them or move through them, if you want to call it that. It disappeared as soon as I approached the maze. He’s pissed. The backpack was with me when I left so it appeared when I re-appeared.”
“Very funny.” He tugged off his jacket. His bag and concealed shield were tucked up in the overhead storage. Folding his jacket, he stuffed it against the side of the train car and leaned against it, getting comfortable. “While you sit there and get your act ready for vaudeville, I’m taking a nap.”
“His daughter. She was ill. He thought it would save her,” Bruce said, and tears had formed in his eyes. He slumped even further into himself. “I tried. She tried. She was brilliant. A biochemist. Such a mind. Leaps and bounds over me. But she discovered something, something about the glands and she refused to tell her father. She knew he was a power-hungry asshole. She stood between him and his quest. She would rather die than reveal what she’d discovered.”
Steve closes his eyes and says, “He needs to work out a lot of aggression. He’s got some issues. He pays a lot. I need it for the doctors.”
By the time he makes it to the Widow’s Brothel, his lungs are tight, and his vision pixelates. He stumbles in the door, passing Clint. Steve coughs and chokes a little and drops into a chair in the lounge. Clint follows him. Wanda – who is curled up in the corner of the couch scrolling through her tablet – sits up at attention. Steve almost forgot – it’s their day off.
“Sent a telegraph over to San Francisco,” Bucky smirks at him, with that smile he uses to show the world he’s got it by the balls. “I answered the ad in the penny novel I got, and look at that, we got ourselves a real town again. A blacksmith and a doctor.”
“Geez, Clint, no,” Steve says. “No, I know how this might look, but it’s not that. Remember when Stark first came on the Commando? You remember how elusive he was.”
Returning to Tony, he closes the small door but cannot manage to lock it. His fingers are not willing to work like that anymore. With a shoulder to Tony’s chest, Steve hoists him up and wobbles as he straightens. Getting to the horse is a feat, but he does get him in the saddle.
Sweet-pea? Shit, did they sleep together. Steve clenches the toothbrush between his teeth and wipes away the fog on the mirror. No, love bites on his neck. His ass doesn’t ache. Is Thor bi? He crunches up his face. God, what did he do?
“You have to know.” He spoke with a ruined voice. “You have to know that I didn’t want to hurt anyone. Not even him. I was just-.” He stopped, and he couldn’t continue. What did he mean? What had his purpose been to follow Steve? Toward what end? “I didn’t want you to leave me for him. I didn’t want you to leave.” He wiped away the tears, angry at himself for crying, weeping for himself. “I needed you to stay. You don’t know. You don’t know how it was. I cried for my mother.” He heaved in a breath and then his body shook as he released it. “I cried so hard when she died. But I never-.” Tony paused and fought to get the words out. “I didn’t cry for him. Never. I hated Howard. He spent my entire youth searching for you, saying how much better of a man you were. I hated you. I hated him. When he died, I was glad to be rid-.” He sobbed. “Rid.” Tony brought Steve’s hand to his lips, kissing it. “Please don’t leave me.”
A swath of streaming colors brilliant and blinding appears and then a huge man – an Asgardian with amber eyes appears. “My queen?”
“Tell me. We promised. Together and no secrets.” Tony knows Steve’s heart amplifies the ache in his chest.
“You should sleep, Tony. You’re exhausted. The headaches are coming frequently too. Have you called Doctor Strange?” Pepper doesn’t move away, but Tony needs to – he needs space – he needs more space and he needs his freedom. He feels confined and borrowed. Borrowed as if he’s a book that’s been taken out again and again and all the words are faded away from being consumed and never paid for – he’s wasted.
“Five years,” Sam said. He kept his face like stone. “When he got hit and dropped out of the sky, I nearly went with him. I felt everything drain from me.” He shook his head. “He was a good man, a good vampire. It would have continued – the program if not for the current administration.”
He wants to assure her that he’s not about to screw this up, but the truth is Tony has as talent for breaking things, especially friendships. “I’ll try.”
“Have you thought about it, Steve. Maybe a garter? Maybe these?” Tony touches a pair of silky crotchless panties. He also picks up a harness that’s all made from silk as well. “I can just imagine you wearing these, under your uniform all day, today. Ready for me at any time. The silk brushing up against you, teasing you.”
Everything is set out on the bathroom counter. He has a few different blades to help him, some gauze, and tape. He doesn’t need disinfectant; the serum will take care of any infection. The door to his suite is locked and guarded. He commanded the AI security to shutter the door and not allow entrance to anyone. Even so, he closes the bathroom door and locks it.
“I’ve done worse in much more dire condition, my good Sheriff, I think I can handle a ride out to the open range to find your deputy.”
Steve can’t stop himself, even if he wanted to, he couldn’t. The sound of Tony’s voice, soft and insistent causes him to thrust more firmly, holding onto Tony’s shoulders he keeps up the rhythm until he follows Tony, over the edge and the lights go out and the shadows cover him, he’s coming into Tony’s hand, sweating and panting as he does. It feels like a death, it feels like a birth, it feels like he’s broken out and found something new and frightening.
“I already told you, you’re my Kryptonite. As far as this-.” He giggles a little. “This is how it is when I need food. You are right about that, but I usually hide it.” Steve snorts and starts to full out laugh.
Thor looked at them, bewildered. He tugged up his sleeve to find the swirl of the mark on his arm. “What devilry is this?”
Lying to his alpha must have been a huge transgression. It could even lead to a death sentence depending on the type of lie. He wonders why it didn’t. Tony cups his hand under Steven’s chin. “I didn’t mean to hurt you, Steven. I just need to understand what you are saying to me. If what you say is true, then -.” He looks around at the presentations suite – the racks of different heights and uses, the cross, the wall. All of it he designed and worked on thinking that it was his right and his duty. “Then I have a lot to consider.”
Steve only grimaced at him in response, but then Doctor Strange joined them and considered the marking. “It is the mark of the soul. He’ll choose his pack in the next few years.”
“Each and every rim has been linked to the Avengers.” He doesn’t mention Bucky. Or the dead that attacked him.
“What do you mean?” Tony doesn’t really need to ask. Over the last few days he’s had the same thought, the same fear.
“Well, then,” Jarvis says from his position behind Tony like a sentinel. “How about a little vacation? You can go to your private island. The staff there are all under the same non-disclosure. You should be able to stay for a while.”
Steve catches his slight waver on his feet, and instantly, catches his elbow to guide him back to the cot. That’s when Tony notices the one blanket on the floor next to the cot. He peers up at Steve and then back to the blanket. As he settles down on the cot again, Tony asks, “That’s where you’ve been sleeping, isn’t it?”
It doesn’t take long for Tony immerse himself in the task. He sees nothing, thinks of nothing for days. When he emerges from his heady meditation of discovery and building because Yinsen prompts him to eat, Tony notices the lion is back but has his face in the corner as if trying to hide.
“Well, remember that woman I dated? She was a seer. She could tell your fortune and she also made mean omelet.”
Thor admitted to himself a denouement of thought was upon him. He could walk away, rush away like a dog with his tail between his legs. He could pretend he saw nothing in Steven’s eyes as they ate lunch or shared a late night mead. “No, Captain.” Thor corrected himself - “Steven. No, I mean something more?”
The spark in Tony’s expression tells Steve he’s stepped back into the Dead line like they had in the prison camp. Any man that crossed the Dead line was shot, no questions asked. He weighs what it means to break lines with Tony.
“What we know is that he’s inventing our future leaving little time for anything else. Even his Personal Assistant, former Army Captain Steven Rogers confesses that his feelings go unrequited.” The camera pans out to show she’s standing across the street from Stark Tower. “So much of our future depends on Stark Industries, can we afford not to know more about Tony Stark?”
This is a partial reconstruction of a story where Steve is a prostitute in NYC that Tony (pre-IM) picks up one night. It isn't as simple as all that though.
“Fuck, I mean I’m just here to apologize, not to have a philosophical discussion about when and if I should try and convince you that you’re wrong. I mean I know you are and all.” Tony babbles, and he wants to shut the fuck up but his mind races beyond his control. “But that’s maybe not my business. You have your principles and that’s important. Not only for you, but the whole damned world that you put on your shoulders! Principles that are out of date, but I can’t – I can’t force you to think a different way.” Tony runs both hands through his hair and then glowers at Steve. “You know, Natasha didn’t say anything about you not accepting my apologize. She made it seem like it would be easy.” He cringes.
Grabbing his shield, Steve ran over the uneven terrain trying to avoid the down branches and slippery mud. “Sam, get to Nat.”
“Yes. It wasn’t easy. I finished up college and did all of my grad courses at home. Luckily, we were able to convince MIT that I was still recovering from my injuries – which I was at the time. I ended up having a lab at Stark Industries and did my doctorate work there. I was only on campus for committee meetings.” Tony explains and then waits. He can imagine Steve staring at him, gaped mouth, furrowed brows.
Steve follows him in, placing the bag of dinner on the table and locking the door behind him. “Here, let me get you oriented.” Over the course of the next half hour, Steve teaches Tony the layout of the room, the bathroom. He explains the type of television – a console! The ugly lamp with its wooden and brass base on the table next to the bed. The outlandish wallpaper on the top half of the wall (rows of oranges and limes) while the bottom half has knotted pine paneling. The floors have shag rugs that match the limes. While the bathroom is basic and easy to get around for Tony.
“You saw me before,” Steve points out, but he doesn’t want Tony to take his hands away. He desperately wants to cup Tony’s hands to his face.
“It all happened during the war, Tony, during World War II. So long ago,” his mother said as she snuggled close to him as she put him to bed on his birthday.
“No, no,” Tony says. “Why don’t I do that for us? Sit.” Tony escorts Steven to the sitting lounge of his large bedroom. It’s an alcove to the side of the room that has a curved balcony outside wide sliding glass doors. “Sit. I’ll get the wine. How about some snacks? Are you hungry?”
“And Happy and Pepper didn’t really know them at all.” Tony places his half empty bowl on the blanket. “It’s nice to share now, though.”
Tony lays his head on the omega’s back, panting. Sweat pours down his back, his shirt sticks to him. He grapples with it and then says, “If I let you go and you come, I’ll stun you.”
He huffs out a breath, clears the glasses, puts them away, and then ends up at the door to the omega’s quarters, not bothering to knock. He waves his ring in front of the lock and the door retracts. The room is Spartan but clean. There’s a bed in the corner with a canopy rack installed over it. Tony had it placed over the bed when he assigned Steven to the room. In the evenings, Tony sometimes uses it. He trusses Steven up to it and knots him on occasion. Sometimes he leaves him hanging from the rack at night. It depends on his behavior, which has been nothing short of rebellious. Tony should do worse, but he’s been particularly easy on the omega.
In the byways beyond the oceans, beyond the atmosphere of the world, Steve hears – faint and light – the hiss and thunder of his sins. He has fallen so far already – what good would it do to try and save himself physically if he’s already emotionally tied to this man before him. “I do. I mean it.”
Jamison stops him. “He was brilliant the way he guided it and made sure everyone thought what he wanted them to think. He’s good. He’s very good, Tony. Beware the expert strategist.” With that, Jamison leaves and Tony’s stands there weighing his options. He’s sick and tired of all the dancing around. He retrieves Steven.
“Clarification on notification on James Buchanan Barnes. Is this because of location and will be updated at a future time or other reasons – and tell me the other reasons?”
Once inside the helicopter the medics insist on taking Tony’s vitals. It isn’t easy to get Tony to agree, he’s agitated and short tempered. As the helicopter takes off, Steve’s worry ratchets up. When he quizzes Tony, he only gets short clipped answers. It’s no use trying to find out if he has a headache, if he feels any aftereffects of the seizures. The medics are barely able to take his pulse and his blood pressure.
“Well, people still don’t understand the space-time continuum or gravity or universal constants. But they exist.”
Alpha comes back with a couple of towels. He asks Steve to lie back on the cushions and then places one of the warmed, wet towels over Steve’s face. It feels nice.
“May I ask why?” Steve glances between them. Rhodes’ face is severe but then again, Steve’s not used to his expressions, reading him clearly is not possible. Pepper on the other hand is an open book.
“Know I’m awake, don’t you?” Steve says and he partially smiles. There’s a weariness to his voice but he also feels a new warmth.
Tony doesn’t have the ability to process the beginning of Steve’s statement – only the end. “What? You’re going back to him?” He thinks he understands the need to kill for the first time in his life. “He’s going to treat you like dog meat, you get that right? He’s going to have all of his goons fuck you and use you, right? You get that? That’s what he was saying when he was choking and fucking you.” Tony can’t stop his voice from raising, from closing in on growling out the words. “You get that he wants to rape you on a regular basis? Probably wants to chain you up and fuck you until you’re god damned dead.”
This is all the basics and Tony scrolls through the different figures of anatomy. Of course, he gets caught up in the theories on the different sexes.
“Be like a kick in the head,” Bruce muttered. As Tony said, “I don’t want to hunt.” He’d made a promise to Yinsen once. It felt like a million years ago.
Blu looks him dead square in the face and lifts an eyebrow – or what passes as a tuft of hair above his eye pretending to be a brow.
“I’m your god damned Beloved and that’s supposed to mean something, something significant. How could you? What -.” Tony gulped in a breath and managed to spit out.
“You talk of tales to encourage the war effort and not the real everyday horrors of war, Mister Stark.”
“I love you the way you are. I always will.” He could have used their link to say it, but it has more power this way – out in the wide world. He hungers for a kiss, to share something intimate and profound with Tony.
Right now, he didn’t trust himself in this century. The world shifted around him. He stood still, frozen in ice, and the world burst into a different thing. The transformation felt familiar and foreign at the same time. Jarring and horrifying all at once.  Even his apartment in Brooklyn screamed this century though whoever at SHIELD had been in charge of setting it up and decorating – Steve suspected Coulson – worked hard to make it feel comfortable and homey but still sterile and absent of his life. It did, but Steve could never deny he wasn’t home. He wasn’t in his century. No amount of contrived, colorless, dull walls and decorations could convince him.
The lion shakes his head at Tony as if it is dismissing him. There’s a rattle and Tony spots a thick chain hanging from a heavy collar around the lion’s neck. His hallucination is securely placed. Tony doesn’t have to worry about the big cat getting loose which makes him giggle all the same. It wouldn’t do for him to freak out over the phantom lion if his doctor came back. Why is his doctor in a cave? Are they hiding? Did someone attack the hospital? Why is he even here?
Surrendering, he crawls into the sleeping bag and cuddles close to the pathetic burner, trying to warm up enough that he can fall asleep. Even as a child, being cold hampered his ability to get comfortable enough to fall asleep. As he snuggles down in the bag, he smells the mixture of coffee, cologne, and sweat – distinctly Tony’s fragrance. It lulls him and he smiles. His eyes drift closed, and he dreams.
Tony checks him out, and then tells him he can stand again. “That means I will have to install a permanent collar around your neck. You do realize that, right?”
At first, he isn’t sure what Steve’s asking or why he’s asking it, but then it dawns on him. “The moral of the story is that we all have a place, where we belong even if it doesn’t seem like it. The moral of the story, my dear husband, is that are we all legends waiting to be told.”
“Still old fashioned, sir; I have a soft spot for tradition. We did things differently in my day and we respected those who fought and died to save the world,” Steve said as he notched his thumbs in his belt. “I don’t think that inclusiveness is a bad thing, Secretary.”
“Probably the trash bin too. You sure we should be eating that?” Tony needs to sit down now. His chest aches.
“It could be.” Strange concedes then. “The chances are small though. We’ve had success in about 20% of our animal studies.”
“Did he hulk out?” Steve asked again as he crossed his arms and leaned back against the table, staring at her. He kept his gaze level, his tone professional.
He eyes her and sees no malice except for the red of her eyes. He would swear she is trying to help him. “Yo-you try- curse.”
Steve let himself feel all of it, seeing the intense joy on Tony’s face. He tested a thrust and Tony literally quaked with need beneath him. It sent a spike of delight and want through Steve – to know he had that effect. He started a slow rhythm and found Tony squirming beneath him, begging Steve for more, grabbing at him and kissing him with wild need. He stroked in a mad pace but then eased down to send a howl of desire from Tony. Hovering over Tony, Steve grinned.
When he returned to his floor, the movers that Pepper must have called in the short intervening time were in full swing. While he would miss his hometown of New York, he found himself jittery with anticipation and he just wanted to leave. Seeing Pepper talking to the lead mover brought a rush of gratitude. She’d always been his anchor, his savior. He needed to remember that, he needed to zero in on that. Why worry about a thawed out has-been super hero when he had a dream girl like Pepper on his arm.
After a very short wait, a tall, angular and peculiar man enters the room. He has a stern but fierce look on his face and studies both of them before greeting them, “Tony, how are you today?”
Fucking into Tony, bending him against the wall, spending himself into Tony’s tight ass. So hot, so constricting, so fucking tight. He presses the heel of his hand against his cock, trying to stop himself from exploding into his pants. God, he’s not a teenager and his boss needs him. He has to get it under control, but his heart won’t stop galloping in his chest and his erection feels heavy, thick against his inner thigh. It’s been so long.
The patterns on his chest burned and he cringed against it, but then in his arms, Tony jerked and gasped a breath. Steve opened his eyes to see Tony startling awake. “Wha? What?”
The next few days the good Captain is barely seen about the communal floor and when he is – his hands have more green and blue staining them. Tony wants to ask what the hell is going on, but he doesn’t because even he Tony Stark gets intimidated by his once and current crush.
From Steve’s count that still left another three mobile at the creek’s edge. He dashed forward as the shield came back to his hand and then pummeled one of the Legion trying to get up. He hadn’t meant to hit it that hard because it was clear it would need major repair work to play anymore war games.
Tony bowed his head and then nuzzled closer to Steve, being careful with how much personal space he took. In the end, Steve ushered them over to the bed and they spent the rest of the day curled around one another, talking only minimally but always touching. Steve admitted that the brush of a hand or a simple kiss startled and stunned his emotional response. Tony considered his needs and touched but always telegraphed it. It helped.
Tony clasps his hand over the metal disc. “I put it there, well, technically Bruce implanted it after I invented it.”
Over the beat of the helicopter and the roar of the engine, Steve says, “I’m going to put my arm around your shoulders and lead you to the helicopter. I think it’s safer that way.”
“No time for that,” Coulson says and pats him on the arm. “Just joking with you. Come on lighten up, I have some particularly bad news for you.”
Not cowed, because hell, Steve Rogers is never cowed by anyone – regardless of size or position.  He jumps to his feet. “What I was doing was my job. My job as his escort and
“Or Clint, his deputy,” Bucky continues. The dark expression his friend offers him is only emphasized by the shift of shadows and sunlight in the cramped room.
Steve broke his short-lived vow to stay silent. “What are you doing here, Clint? Why are you here?” Steve wrestled with the chains, feeling them, trying to find out if what Clint told him might be true.
“Isolated myself, didn’t listen to my friends. Drank a little, but that usually made me sick. So, I stopped that. Didn’t eat.”
“I’m not checking you out. Since you may be lugging heavy objects and may need to step in as a bodyguard for certain events, I want to make sure you’re up for the part.”
“God, I loved you like a brother. You brought me back from them. And now this?” Bucky mourned, and he let loose, the fist crashed into Steve’s cheekbone and it shattered, sending rockets of pain blasting through Steve’s skull.
“Ah! Admit it! You admitted we are now officially in a relationship.” Playing with Steve cuts the tension and it concerns him that this little tangent might derail them, but it doesn’t.
“Don’t ask me,” Steve says but doesn’t bother signing. Instead he just shrugs his shoulders and throws up his hands in surrender.
Steve visits the bathroom and then returns, plucks his phone from its hiding place, and flips open his sketchpad. He thinks about sharing the sketches with Tony. The ones of his hands, his lips, his eyes. It thrills him and terrifies him at the same time. Imagining Tony seeing himself the way that Steve visualizes him throws light into the darkness, like water across a lake at night. It ripples through Steve with some kind of hope but also the dread of the darkness. Before he can pick up his pencil again, Tony stirs and mumbles.
“Don’t worry. I am not so tender of the heart to be offended by arrogance.” He smiles but his eyes never catch the emotion. The smile masks his worry, his concern for Tony.
Steve’s never felt like he’s a decent kisser; he always thought he needed more practice. Peggy would chide him and tell him how silly he was in her way with her pursed lips and cocked eyebrow. But this kiss with Tony is different than anything he’s experienced before in his life. The stars above them rove the skies but Steve’s discovered the truth of the ethereal here in his arms. He’s molten and hungry for it but at the same time satiated and drunk. A dizziness spins in him, but not one that sickens but excited and coils around deep within him. Tony nudges and plays with his tongue, he nips and tastes and he sends Steve into the stars and he’s chasing Tony, following his moves and enhancing them. When they break apart, Steve’s needs more, but the sting of air in his lungs stops him.
Tony bows his head, leaning against Steve’s abdomen. Running his hands through the prince’s hair, he asks, “What happened?”
“No problem, they’ll heal.” Steve hisses as he moves more from the lie he just told than the pain. He needs a shirt, Tony doesn’t need to watch how the mantle of his disgrace withers on his back. The terrorists also don’t need to know anything more about his actuality as an angel. “I need a shirt.”
She assesses him, nods, and agrees, “Good. Now, let’s get a move on. He’s probably down in the lobby now.” Pepper ushers him to the office and tells him to sit behind the desk. “You need to look professional.”
“We went to the roof,” Tony said. “After I killed everyone in the cell.” He looked down at his hands. “I drank from you-.” He stopped. “Crap that’s all backwards.” He rubbed at his face, smearing the blood tears away. He tried again, his whole demeanor brittle and broken. “They did that – you know – on the roof. After I was just a husk, nothing like I can describe to you. They brought this husk, this thing, this creature. God, it wasn’t even really me. It crawled over to you and drank and drank. It became – something. I became something.” He had been staring at the rising sun through the tinted windows, protected from its effects. “I killed them.” Turning he showed Steve his hands. “These aren’t just Christmas lights.” He laughed, and it cracked the air like a whip. “I killed them with these light beams from my hands and chest.”
A low rumble answers him and Tony’s reminded of earthquakes in California. Blu gets up and stretches, then waits for him. “Okay. I need to bring these up there.” Tony indicates a shadowed area on the rocky hillside. “We can hide the armor there, and then go searching for water.”
He was standing in Colonel Phillips’ office. He wasn’t in his Captain America uniform but his dress uniform. The drab office matched the browns of his jacket. The medals on his chest glinted in the room with its bare lightbulbs. The desk between them was strewn with papers and yellow file folders.
“You old son of a -.” Steve smiles and strokes the horse. “Stupid horse.” He kisses Shield’s nose. He takes the time to check over the mare and she stands still, waiting. She’s fine except of a few scrapes and a thin sheen of sweat on her coat.
Steve picked up the shield and the uniform he stole from the Smithsonian exhibit. “I have to be, don’t I?” He walked away from them, left Natasha and Sam to figure things out. He needed to be alone. He needed to walk away from it all. The memories kept crowding in and he wanted to forget that he was from a nearly century ago with baggage and pain and no shared life experiences.
Tony pivots and fires a series of aimed repulsor blasts. Steve hears the cry of the Hulk but then also feels the rope lose the tension as if a great weight suddenly disappeared. “Got it. Hit the rope. Dead on. He fell.”
“Something like that,” Steve says and eases down on the bed again. This time it doesn’t look like he’s ever getting up as he shudders through the pain.
Steve’s cock strains and he sobs out a cry as the need grows in the pit of his groin. Tony licks and bites and Steve never knew how delightfully sinful it is to have someone nip him in the ass. The thought releases a giggle that turns into a mutated cry as Tony mouths his balls while rimming his hole with his fingers.
“Well, I mean it Steve. This is great stuff. To write and to draw the comics, that’s a rare thing. That’s Stan Lee quality there.” He spreads the panels out. Over the past month, Steve worked as his technical artist, but Tony never dreamed that he had such skill. “You have a degree in fine arts?”
“No, it’s not, you’re doing the right thing.” Tony leads them to the open riverbed. Shield is standing waiting for them.
“I need someone by my side who will be there to -.” He stops as if embarrassed to open his truths to Steve.
“We really should be more concerned about Steve,” Hill muttered and drifted away from the group. She sidled over to the nursing station again.
“It’s a miracle, isn’t it? If I believed in miracles, I would think I dropped into one when I stepped foot in this dusty town on the middle of nowhere,” Tony says. “Yet, I am a man of science.”
“How will we be able to get from one layer to the next?” Steve had asked. It had only been a few days since he’d confessed his sin to Tony. They were barely on speaking terms.
The fact that he was lied to hurt, made him angry. Yet he focused on her. “Are you angry with me or with the doctors?”
“Who said it was a medical problem?” Tony jumps out of his seat. “The doctors don’t know. They can’t figure it out. They’re looking for a needle in a haystack, but the needle isn’t there.”
Before they can get into an argument, Natasha steps into the room with the wheelchair. “Happy’s waiting.”
“That artists aren’t valued in a war machine economy. You ever think that one of the reasons the incursions keep happening and peace can’t be brokered is because the economy relies on war to stay afloat. At least for the Inner Systems?” Steve asks. It never occurred to him before as he stands there and stares at the mirage of water. Even a spray of fine water droplets hits his face.
“So if it’s always been around, why haven’t we heard about it before?” Natasha asked. She eyed Hawkeye as she spoke as if he might hold some unspoken truths to be shared. He stayed back, away from the crowd and hunched in on himself.
Steve jolts to find Loki standing in full regalia behind him. His horned helmet glitters in what looks like early morning fog. The dew drops glisten as if in some mocking poetry. He’s holding his staff – the same staff they harvested the mind stone. He tilts the staff, and the chains fall free. Part of his mind rebels at the sight, the other part remains curious. Loki had always been a strange villain of the story if Steve had to confess. A character of mischief but cruelty all the same.
“The God Machine. The reason they need the Perfect Seed. The seed in the central core of the God Machine makes the Ornari sentient beings. So that means someone made the God Machine and the bio-organic? Is that the word? The bio-organic stuff that made up the tendrils or whatever they were of the Ornari.” Steve kisses Tony’s temple. “It means-.”
“This is different. Plus while we’re on the road to Mead, we’ll teach him the basics, the Soul Mantra, the transference of mind. Everything that we need.”
“In the material yes. He’s not a poor little rich boy, but he is a man starving for a reason to keep fighting,” Steve says and then sighs. He runs a hand through his already messy hair.
“Bohemian? Seriously, what are they teaching you out there in the sticks?” Tony brushes a hand down Steve’s square shoulders.
Tony cradled the old toy. It was time to give up all childish things. For pity’s sake he was going to college and would be surrounded by people a half dozen years or more older than him. He didn’t need further proof that he was a boy and they were all nearly adults. Little Blu’s glass eyes were clear even with the scratches from years of being hauled around with Tony. He gazed down at it. He needed to put it into the bin to be put away, stashed in the closet or attic. That’s when Jarvis walked into the room.
The hologram instantly disappears with no protests detected from Richards. Tony assumes Richards will be pissed, highly pissed but won’t show it, because he’ll want to know what the hell is going on as well.  If they need Richards in the future to figure this shit out, he’ll be there, Tony’s is sure.
“I’m going to check on the rest of the pack. I’ll be around to check on-.” He stopped and stared at Tony with his head resting against Steve’s shoulder, appearing asleep. “Well, everything, a bit later.”
Many in the west don’t appreciate that the origins of the city comes from the seven islands. These islands on the western shores of India comprise the center of culture and finance as well as the underbelly of the country. Nations all over the world seed their own demise. Pundits and politicians of the United States always pick the large metropolitan areas of America as the core of what was wrong with the nation. Nothing could be farther from the truth in the United States. Current opinion in India mirrors what’s been said about the States – that the cities will curse the country. Personally, he’s never seen it that way, but always seen it as the inverse.
When Tony really concentrated on her he glimpsed a phantom speaking from beyond the grave. Of course, that was just ridiculous, but he stood there transfixed as she urged her son to succeed, to continue, to live.
Steve smiles. “No one’s going to declare that I’m weak of mind or got any kind of Suicidal Melancholia.”
As they enter Tony’s quarters, a hazy of longing settles over Steve. He wants to make this last. Yet at the same time, his appetite drives him mad with desire and hunger. Even with his smaller frame, Steve pushes Tony up against the door and tears at his clothes, kissing, nipping, and licking his way down to his trousers. Kneeling before Tony, Steve opens the trousers and releases his hard cock. When Steve looks up at Tony, his face turns to the side, eyes close and mouth opens with a wicked moan. He should have been prepared, a condom in hand, but he has nothing, and he doesn’t care. He’s breaking all the rules for the prince.
“And this is what I do to feel better. I make you feel good. Believe me, Tony, it’s the one thing that will help right now. Make me feel useful.” Steve runs his hands up and down Tony’s inner thighs until he legs open and he’s more relaxed. “Do you have any lube or something we can use?”
Steve exhales and drops his hands. “I told you, Tony. I’ve been through a lot of things. I can handle it. If I sat and thought about it too long, I might go deep into it and never come out of that pit. It’s not nice. People aren’t wholly nice. But I’ve learned that most people try and that’s where I put my faith in. Goons like Rumlow are goons and not worth my wasted effort.”
“It’s romantic,” Natasha says and the little laughter in her voice fades away. “But tragic. This one Prime pairing is supposed to be the one true pairing. It’s like King Arthur. The once and future pairing.”
Tony raises his hand and slips it along the side of Steve's jaw, cupping it and then searches his expression as if testing it. He must like what he sees because he says, "Yes, I think you do."
“There are limits, Natasha, limits,” Steve said and his words felt like barbs on his tongue. “Limits. If you say I can explore who I am – what if I think I’m so right about something? I don’t listen to you or Bruce or Peggy. What if I lead us into hell? Everything, everything has limits, restrictions. Even this. Even whether or not I should be attracted to Tony.” He stood up and started to pace. His hands quaked with fear, anxiety, and embarrassment. “That’s what’s different these days. Everyone wants to stretch the limits. Everyone wants to get rid of the restrictions, the limits.”
The rosy color on Steve’s face spread to his chest. In the dim light his eyes were already dilated, but now his eyes turned black with desire. He nodded as his lips parted and his tongue flicked out. The next minutes Tony described as floating. All his wishes and hopes materialized and his body became transformed and threaded into his soul – or so that was how it felt with Steve kissing him on the neck, on the shoulder, on his chest and along the lines of the soul brand as if it gave him succor. Steve seemed to lose himself in the act of kissing and touching. And Tony laid back onto the couch and closed his eyes, because Steve was magic, and their souls vibrated and expanded, and it was all too much.
“He had a lot of points along the way. Some of them obviously lies. I don’t know how you can trust him all of the sudden,” Tony said but he eyed the gurney. It would leave him with free hands to use the source of his power as defense. He had no idea why he wasn’t freaking out right now, considering he’d transformed into some super powered being. Like Scarlett O’Hara he would think about it tomorrow. But he couldn’t not really, his brain keep drilling away at it. Right now he needed to focus his attention on getting out of here and getting Steve to safety.
Pepper scrunched up her face and silently questioned Tony. He gestured his confusion and continued down the gray hallway to what could only be termed an observation room. Several computers formed a semi circle and lined the large windows that looked down into a cell. The computer while not a decade old were somewhat dated by a few years. Rumlow wasn’t joking when he said he wasn’t an IT guy. Just a casual glance at how the equipment was set up told that story. Wires hung from the ceiling and parts were jerryrigged together. Several of the screens (old time monitors not flatscreens) read out data and a few must have camera feeds to the cell below. A cell.
Steve doesn’t believe for a second that a similar thought hasn’t run through Tony’s brain before – after all it’s a widely known fact that the prince is a genius. But why is it that he’s sitting on his hands and letting Stane bully him into a declaration that will surely cause destruction. Stane has to be threatening the prince – there’s no other way around it. Steve knows his actions over the course of the last twelve hours weren’t explainable to Tony, but he’s glad he went to Natasha. Someone must have eyes on Stane.
Steve chuckles a little after he puts the coffee mug down. “No, not really. Peggy, she was the gal who helped me out during my time.” He pauses and then pushes past it. “She wasn’t really ever my girl, though I think we kind of danced around it a lot. I got like two left feet or something.”
“Nope, she left and went back home to England. She was disgusted by the whole thing. Couldn’t understand how the basics worked in America.” Steve doesn’t elaborate. Peggy had been a sweetheart, that’s a good word to describe her. She’d been there to lean on during his incarceration, one of the few people allowed to send him supplies, to give him food and medicines when he needed them. She’d pretended to be his girl, his intended, to ensure his survival. Most of the prisoners had nothing, he’d been one of the lucky ones.
“If this were how I – how it is supposed to go, then you and I would be in this bed together. We’d kiss and hold each other. But this- this feels wrong. Off.”
Steve pulls away and Tony’s cock feels abused and hot, needy, and too thick. He wants to curl to his side and jerk off right now, but Steve stops him. Opens his legs again and then the head of his cock nudges at Tony. He quavers.
“It can. I can do a lot, I have a lot of money. I don’t know if you know who I am. But I have a lot of power. I can get you, and your friends out of here,” Tony says.
“It will ping or vibrate when Tony gets too far away from you or is veering off your chosen path,” Pepper says. “Do you want to try it out?”
“Shush, you’re very sick.” The words feel like they are part of a lullaby. Sung not by his mother but by a stranger – yet someone comforting. “They’re trying everything, but it isn’t working.”
“There’s a mess at the Pentagon right now. Some factions are with SHIELD others are standing their ground and saying that SHIELD has it wrong,” Rhodey had reported to Tony.
“See, I told you we would take care of him,” Rumlow snickered. “Ross has big plans for your boy.” He tightened the cuffs. “Don’t worry, he has big plans for you too.” He jerked Steve to his feet. “Oh yeah. He did ask me to do this, just to make sure you got the message.” He forced Steve to turn around, and then pushed him up against the car. Without pause, he punched Steve in the jaw, snapping his head around. Steve choked on the blood in his mouth but then spat it out. Not a surprise at all. So he gathered all of his strength against the growing weakness in his body and stood up to glare at Rumlow.
It doesn’t start with once upon a time, but instead with the hardship and tenacity of Irish immigrants with their young but sickly son. A war to end all wars takes the father far too soon leaving the mother with a boy who might not make it to manhood because of his illnesses. Beyond all odds, the boy fights to survive and learns from his mother to always stand up.
“Red Skull gang,” Bucky says and he heaves in a long breath as if trying to clear his head. He pays for it, and groans against the pain.
“But they are big,” Tony said and then winked at the little girl. She giggled and tossed her head in delight.
Steve hadn’t recognized it then, not at all. Until this moment, reconsidering his life he hadn’t known the truth of the young bachelors. His mother must have known, and still she invited them to dinner. It wasn’t revelation, but maybe his eyes opened a little more as he considered his life. A life lived in a different time, but time moves on and people change. Understandings evolve. Was he right to cling to something once ingrained in him, or was he foolish not to move forward and accept his life as it was right now?
He entered the barracks and locked the door behind him. The building wasn’t originally a barracks so it was smaller, compact, and windowless. They used it mainly for drunken soldiers to sleep it off. They called it the hopper, the jail, the trap. Whichever, it was a simple room that was too hot and not comfortable. A bed – more like a cot – was in the corner of the room. The steel frame of the bed was connected to the canvas cot with a weaving of rope. There was a table next to it with a canteen that was open with the spout pointed to the floor, dripping. On the floor next to the table was a tray of untouched food. A fork and a spoon, no knife. But there was an empty glass milk bottle.
Stunned to silence, Steve studies Tony and tries to ferret out if he's being fed a line or if the man is earnest in his tale. It's hard to tease out, but the tenacity of Tony vibrates in the room like pulses of electricity. He finds his voice. "You disappeared for some time during the war."
“He can also use the whole of the internet to shore up anywhere he thinks he’s vulnerable and can spy on us here if he uses his resources,” Steve says.
As he drives back to New York City, Tony tries not to let it eat at him, but he finds it difficult. He’s in love with a sex worker and, regardless of whether or not said hooker is Captain America, he’s powerless to change things. Sitting in traffic on 95 North, he tears open the bag of cookies and digs in – he pulls out a sugar cookie and a small sheet of paper. At first, he thinks it might be a napkin or something, but then he realizes it is too small and it’s sticky on one side. A post-it note.
“I know he’s important to you.” The words felt weak and laid flat before him. He wanted to say so much more, but the truth ached through him. His mother died. His Mom. The death would always haunt him.
“Not you,” Steve says. “He’ll never come back with you along. Clint, go get Bucky and pack up. Drag him back to town.”
"You just got a dirty evaporator coil. I think I can jerry-rig it to work and then send over a new one with instructions on how to replace it." He pulls out the offending part, manages to wipe out the dirt with his shirt (as much as he can) and then wiggles it back in place.
Almost immediately she grew alert. “Thank god. I was so worried. They are putting out calls for all covens to come in and get the surgery. They put out a warning that any coven or individual vampire who doesn’t have the surgery will be deemed a criminal and will be hunted down. They’re going to clean out the covens this weekend.”
“I really should go and get ready to leave. We have to get moving early tomorrow.” Steve climbs to his feet but he doesn’t truly want to leave. He would like to stay, would like to touch Tony again.
“No, probably not. But you shouldn’t be that close. Who knows if it will explode or something,” Tony says and shrugs off his dire warnings. “I want to talk to you.”
It takes all of 15 minutes for Steve to roll into another gravel parking lot for the motel. He hears the fizzle and pop of fluorescent lights that are on the brink of death.
Tony inhales, steadies himself, and then nods. “Okay, everyone.” They walk to the other side of the lab and Tony directs JARVIS, “Keep an eye on Cap.”
“I very much doubt that. This is more my speed.” Steve angles Tony toward the booths as the woman directs them to a table.
“Bruce is going to have a quiet dinner with Natasha. I thought it might be nice. I mean,” Steve said and looked away before he focused back on the conversation. “I’d like to see you. I see Bruce enough, and Natasha all the time-.”
“They used to call me many things, long ago. But my mother,” he said and swallowed hard. His eyes drop and he presses his lips together as if the taste is bitter and painful. “My mother called me Steven.”
“We have to pull our shit together and save him. I don’t care if you don’t know him. He risked his life to pull the two of you out of a situation you got your asses into in the first place,” Sam directed to the twins. “And he went out on a limb to rescue you because that’s who he is.” He pointed at Bucky this time who only raised his one hand in surrender. “We’re doing this. We can. Far as I know, Steve and Bruce pulled Clint from the edge of nowhere once. We can do this for Steve – this time.”
“I heard once,” Tony speaks in low tones to not upset the great beast. “I heard animals that don’t normally have blue eyes – well the ones that do are blind. Is that you? Can you see me? Is that how you got captured out here?”
“Be careful,” the leader said. He pointed to the other vampire. “Stake that one. We don’t need her anymore.”
“Hold on, can’t do it if you’re going to do that.” He pets Steve’s back, calming him but he’s still filled with three fingers.
“Was that a V-Corps phone or your personal phone?” Clint asked as they made their way down the street.
As they stand there awaiting the assignment of the bonding room, the lights go out in the omega’s cell and then the glass grays to an inky black. That means they are preparing to go in and subdue the omega to bring him to the bonding room. Even as Tony stands there, he cannot deny his alpha urges. The thought of men, soldiers, getting the omega to submit sends a thrill into his gut and hardens his groin. Though the pleasure mixes with a bit of shame, Tony refuses to reject his nature. That’s just not who he is. He’s always enjoyed the knot, though he’s never bonded. One day he may marry and have children. Bonding complicates that, though it is widely accepted.
"Save him if you can," she said with agony lacing her words. "But if you cannot, do not let him suffer."
Steve cleared his throat and Tony held his breath. “I have to admit, I feel a little wrong. Guilty. Don’t, don’t say anything. It’s not that easy to get over indoctrination, you know. I grew up thinking one thing.” He rubbed a hand up and down Tony’s arm. “It felt wonderful though. This, it felt good.”
The wind screams in an attempt to drown out Tony. He nods. “I think so.” He squints his eyes as he examines the landscape around him. “Pretty sure we have to get over that rise in order to get to the outer rim and then the inner rims.”
“There are offices on the lower decks. The upper decks are the quarters. Mid-ship is the bridge, the galley, and lounge. You’ll find the lower deck also houses the main workshop. You might spend some time there.” As they enter a lift to go to the quarters, Pepper says, “You’ll have full access to your quarters, to the prince’s quarters when he allows it, and the mid-ship except for the bridge. You won’t see the engine room at all or any of the offices. If you are found where you don’t belong, you will be immediately arrested and sent to the Stark Systems for trial. I would recommend you avoid that.”
Even though that way of life remained in jeopardy every day, Bucky valued it. The time he spent with Steven – or Steve as Bucky called him – became the highlight of his days even after long hours training. Trying to stay off the radar of the roiling rebellion with the fall of the Empire, and the rising First Order was the singular focus of the Guard. While the Jedi labored to save all the knowledge of the galaxy, the Guard continued to secure their safety. These were not the Knights of the Temple – there were the scholars and the artists, the Jedi, the wise, the Service Order of the Jedi. Or what was left of them.
“What?” Steve says. He would sit on his ratty couch but he gave it away yesterday and all he has are boxes. “I’m not going anywhere. I wasn’t invited.”
“Peggy?” he asked and then remembered where he’d been – with Bucky during his urgency cycle. He remembered what happened. Bucky needed to knot, begged to knot, but he was physically unable to do it. So he made it happen. He used his hand, his fist, the bottle. Steve let out a sob at the memory. The pain still present throbbed and he gasped. The idea that Peggy stood over him, in a hospital room shamed him. “Peggy.”
Steve rolls his eyes and says, “I don’t know fuck in Farsi. You’re going to have to come up with something else.”
The great caw screeches through the sky again and Steve scans the sky expecting to see a massive monster. What he sees is a murder of crows heading for them. The winds have no effect on the birds at all, their shrieks carrying over the thunderous roar. He sees thousands of birds. It’s impossible for him to warn Tony since the din of the gusts pick up again sounding like a freight train. He’s smart enough to identify the potential tornado targeted for them, but it’s not bothering the birds at all. The swarm flies closer and Steve takes this as a warning to get the hell out of there. He picks up his speed and hurries up the hill, throwing Tony off kilter.
“My hands are sticky,” Tony says and tries to wipe them on his pants only to cause the fabric to clump up with the fake cheese that’s part of the treat. “This isn’t good.”
Steve doesn’t look like he understands him and he cannot speak because the bar is still across his mouth. He heaves in a wet breath and then the tears from his eyes flood down his cheeks. Both Clint and Sam move away as Steve reaches out to Bucky. Settling next to Steve, Bucky gathers him in his arms.
Steve finds his way to the chair that happens to be at Stark’s right side while the woman sits at his left. He tucks in but not comfortably since he feels so out of place and ridiculous in a world he doesn’t understand.
He needs to use the high ground to his advantage. Unfortunately, the sun’s behind Hulk so that means Steve’s staring below it’s rays but into the blinding reflection from the snow. In a ridiculous move, he balls up some snow and whips it straight at the Hulk, who stops, stupefied at the idiocy. He stomps like a child, bends down, and scoops up snow. Steve only has this moment to act. He musters all his strength and aims the shield at Hulk’s temple. He hurls it. It hits home too easily and a slice across his temple and brow appears. It only serves to piss him off. He howls at Steve and launches himself up the side of the foothill.
“It’s okay. You’re being so good for me. Quiet now. I’m going to let go. Don’t come? Okay? You need to cool down before I start to prep you.” He watches to see if Tony understands him and once he gets a nod and Tony stiffens his jaw to hold himself back, Steve lets go.
“Yeah.” Her statement is laced with sadness and he wants to know why but she drifts away and soon he hears the door to the cottage open and close.
Steve found the link to the vest on the armor. He struggled and managed to get his arms under the armor. Lifting, he brought Tony out of the water and to the dry shore. “Retract the armor.”
Tony threw himself back on the bed and blinked away the feelings, those old feeling that always crept up and haunted him from his childhood days. He wanted to tell himself that Steve Rogers was just an old man wrapped up in a young man’s body. Old people couldn’t learn new ways. They were all trying to ruin everything for everybody anyhow. Except he knew that wasn’t true. Plus, Tony was the old one. He was the one over forty. He was the one with the creaking joints and the tired skin. Lord, he didn’t even know how long he could keep on being Iron Man.
Tony nods and gently lowers Steve into the device. It feels a little more like being in a coffin than a cradle to Steve and for a moment he thinks of the crash. The icy water rushing in after the plane hit the snowy landscape – the force of it knocking him over, sucking the air out of his lungs. It is too much. He intends to push Tony away, to climb out of the cradle, but nothing happens even as he moans. It’s too much. He spent all of the rest of his energy.
“No,” Steve said and knew the words flowing out of him were true. “I don’t think of it that way. It’s not something I considered before because it was not an option when I was younger.”
Tony grunts nearly growling. “No! You don’t get to do that. You don’t get to apologize this time. I’m apologizing. I read the situation wrong and I took advantage of it and your vulnerability. I’m sorry. Now don’t apologize again. Well, not about this at least. But thank you for not comparing me to my father, but no apologizing.”
Steve goes through a long description of the seizures he’s been having. He explains how the seizures aren’t convulsions at all, but episodes where he lives an entirely different life. He details how the seizures first started and how each and every one became more in depth like he first saw a trailer to a movie, then saw a sneak peek, then saw the movie, and then finally read the book. Each seizure offered more information, turning visions into a new reality.
As Ross considered him, the knife wound in Steve’s side throbbed. Blood dribbled out. “Captain, you called yourself a hero, but what you are is a grandiose fake. You pretend to symbolize something that you betray. You’re a traitor and a liar, and I should throw you in a prison in the middle of the ocean for the rest of your days.”
For a long moment, Tony didn’t understand. He couldn’t comprehend what had happened. He only knew the reality of loss. He focused on the rain blemished surroundings. Thor was standing to the side with the girl and her brother. Bruce – now Hulk – stood close to Tony. The Hulk’s mighty hand was on Tony’s shoulder; it had been his touch – not Steve’s – that led Tony out of the hell vision. He had no idea what had happened, if the Hydra cell had been contained. Did they get the scepter? What had happened? His pack circled around him and yet as they did he felt something new – something strange – as if he saw the pack in double vision.
He finds Wanda and Vision in the kitchen, thankfully just working. He smiles at them and Vision starts to apologize but Steve raises his hand. “Let’s just say we don’t talk about it and hope it never happens again.”
Tony falls down onto the couch again. During the story, he had paced the entire workshop. “Yes. He said it had tremendous power. Made some weird ass weapons for the Nazis and Red Skull. Could disintegrate people.”
Tony grabs his elbow and holds on as if he’s a port in a storm. “Then you have your wish granted, my dear.”  He pulls away and signals to Luke. “We want the silk and the leather.”
In response, Raza spits out orders and another of the his henchmen unholsters his sidearm, aims, and shoots the disobedient soldier in the head. He falls at Tony’s feet. Raza kicks at the man as he whines. He doesn’t die immediately, his glassy eyes stare up at Tony.  Tony thinks he wants to vomit.
He didn’t let Bruce dissuade him; he never gave him enough time. The rest of his run from the hospital blurred by him as if he’d suddenly flashed through the world in hyperdrive. He ended up in the suit, rocketing toward New York. He’d nearly made it fifty miles before his brain kicked in and asked him what the hell he was doing. He stopped in mid-air, hovering over the web of highways linking Washington DC with Baltimore and points north.
Swallowing, he shook his head and the hot tears fell down his face. The pain robbed him of his voice. Her weight shifted and then a light kiss touched his cheek.
When Tony turns his attention back to him again, at least Steve has his crying under control. The prince doesn’t comment just leads him over to a tree and they settle under it with a small blanket that appears out of nowhere as far as Steve can tell. Tony leads Steve to settling down on the blanket, his head in the prince’s lap. Tony fondly runs his fingers through Steve’s hair.
“Sure.” He goes to stand up, but his legs refuse to hold him, but Tony catches him and supports him back onto the gurney. “You need to realize you’ve had a rough time of it.”
“What the fuck? You are my employee. You do not tell me what I can and cannot do in my facility.” He scanned the small observation room and went right back to his directions and commands. “Pepper download everything, all the information on this man and any others. I want to know why and how and what the fuck has been going on here for that last half century.”
No time to think about that now. Steve focuses on getting his hair styled and clearing up the hickeys on his neck. As he paints over them, his mind wanders and the memory of Tony sucking at him, biting at him, saying how delicious he is goes straight to his cock. He’s already wanting Tony. He supposes that’s good, for someone like him. He can use his daydreams to his advantage. Nodding, he silently vows that he can use his attraction as a positive.
Steve meets her at the bay. “Natasha, how’s the old bucket of bolts?” He grabs her hand, but she pulls him in for a quick hug.
And then he moves away as does the doctor. The cradle closes around him and Steve opens his mouth to scream. No sound comes out. The sedative rushes into his vein and he shudders. The glass of the cradle warps everything around him, bending the light and the fixtures in the laboratory. For an instant his vision pulses and then he sinks down into oblivion.
Paralyzed Tony remained silent until Steve – with his angular shoulders and smaller stature, stood up and wiped away the tears. Before he turned Steve said, “You had to come here.” It wasn’t accusatory but sounded more defeated as if Steve had wanted to keep this memory to himself. For a moment, Tony hoped that this image of Steve, this ghost of the past might be speaking to someone else in the memory. He didn’t get his wish. “You shouldn’t have come, Tony.”
Tony dismissed his fears and finished his shower – scrubbing and rinsing efficiently. He toweled dry and dressed quickly choosing a pair of black jeans and a t-shirt to match. The t-shirt had no graphic art on it – Tony wasn’t in the mood. Most of the time he liked to wear different bands and show his appreciation of classic rock. Today felt different. He didn’t wait for his hair to dry and rushed to the elevator for JARVIS to take him to his destination, forgetting completely about breakfast.
That was disturbing. Steve had to admit though it made more sense than a chaotic mess of just anyone. “But it doesn’t make sense that I identified those people who attacked the train as part of the pack. Maybe something’s wrong with me? With the bonding process?”
“I think being Beloved makes our connection different though. I think it’s deeper, possibly even able to transfer more direct thoughts.” Steve couldn’t fathom why he was trying to make it better for Tony.
Steve kissed his cheek and released his hand. He grabbed his shirts. “You’re going to be the death of me.”
“Well, lots of things are like that. We still try, don’t we?” Steve says and pulls his legs in, bending them against Tony’s back. “I need you to wrap your arms around me under my arms. I need my hands free to steer.”
“Doctor?” Steve tests the words on his tongue but the air is still thick with sickness and the smell gags him. He retches but doesn’t vomit.
He wept quietly, profoundly until it felt like the day might die around him and life itself might flicker out. He cried until a hand touched his shoulder and he felt the spattering of rain on his face. He mourned until he opened his eyes to see Steve not dead and motionless in his arms, but holding him and kissing his temples.
Steve’s attention snaps up to Tony. He furrows his brow and shakes his head. “Not like you mean. We’re the best of friends. Brothers almost. Bucky, well, Bucky always wanted to get married, have a family. With a girl. He’s not, he’s not really-.” He leaves it at that, because he hates the idea of going into the memories again.
“We have fiercely loyal friends,” Tony added. “I mean Rhodey would try and kick your ass if you did anything he didn’t agree with. Might even call you names.”
“No, not at all. Like I said Bucky, my friend, always said I couldn’t hold my liquor. Truth be told,” he clears his throat, “I was a little depressed. I was thinking about someone I lost and the fact I was alone and a friend, a close friend, brought me out. I drank too much. I spoke out of turn.”
He gets antsy the longer he stays in the wilderness. He hadn’t told anyone where he was going and, while Tony’s been known to take long jaunts for weeks on end, that’s not his modus operadi anymore.  He needs to get back to civilization, back to his friends, back to his life. His gaze drifts to Blu who currently lounges in the mid-day heat. Leaving Blu might be one of the hardest things that Tony will have to do. There’s no two ways about it. At least, here in this little secluded place, Blu will be safe. With enough food, water, and shelter the lion can live out his days without human interference.
“Can you blame me? This is the stuff of classic novels. You know the wilds of Canada?” Steve says and then adds, “And that kitchen is really out of this world Tony.”
Pacing in the small room he’s not sure what to do as he waits. There’s a potent excitement about it. He’s never done anything like this before. Being with Tony had been safe in a way. This is safe, but he admits there’s something darkly disturbing about it.
“I can’t ask you to do this-.” Steve shook his head and turned, walking a distance away. The world around them faded to darkness and they stood like two actors on a stage. The dreamscape couldn’t even place them in a time or a space. They were so separated and separate from one another. “I can’t have you in this much pain, Tony. You mean too much to me.”
“Hey, you want to make breakfast anytime I have no problem,” Steve said. “As I recall you’re pretty good at that.”
Steve digested what she told him. He found tears blocking his view of her and he turned away to face the wall of windows. The tinted windows blocked out the sun, but he focused on the light. He grabbed onto the idea of it because it cleared away the facts that piled up around him. The sun’s light washed away all of the complexity of his love and what came next. He couldn’t fathom it. How was he to imagine his next moment with Tony when he didn’t even know what Tony was anymore.
Tony smiles. “Yeah, really. We almost lost you. It was only a matter of minutes before the worm completely consumed Ultron. If we hadn’t been able to separate you-.”
“JARVIS will you still be able to help me prepare for dinner?” Steve hurries into the main room of the prince’s quarters.
Tony grabs her by both of her shoulders. “Pepper, you take on the weight of the world. I didn’t ask you to protect me. I never did.”
The man bows his head for a long moment, before placing one hand, palm down on the concrete floor. With a heave he forces himself up to his feet, and Tony can see the scabs of healed wounds on his legs, on his abdomen, on his chest. He stumbles over to the front of the cell, using the cot and then the wall as a brace. Dropping against the translucent divide, he stares at Tony and doesn’t smile.
He’s not lying – the whole of the inside of the ship lights up as the blasts smash into their targets. Bucky loses his grip and flies toward the bulkhead, crashing into it and smacking his head. Sam slides close by him, cradling his head. Redwing flutters around lost with the cap still on his head. Sam reaches out and tugs it off so the bird can find purchase.
Once he finished up, Steve folds the towel and places it to the side on the floor to make sure no one else uses it. Then he washes up and heads back to the main room. The prince stands at a small table next to the couch. The table is actually a cart rolled in with a variety of foods.
“I’m so sorry, Steve,” Tony whispered and gently, almost tentatively held Steve to his chest. “I’m so sorry.”
Two of the guards step up to Steve as a third one retrieves a large case from one of the SUVs. Steve glances at Tony and shakes his head. Tony had to realize what would happen. He’s not stupid. For pity’s sake, he’s a genius. The guards pull out heavy manacles, not unlike the ones that Steve had been lock in after the fight on the causeway in D.C.. Rumlow took special pleasure in his orders. Natasha starts to protest, but Ross ignores her.
“Come on then. We have a Chair vote to win, and new regime to put into order.” He smiles at Tony. “But we’ve got entertainment boys.” He glares at Tony. “I hope you can get it up enough to satisfy the horde at the Stalls. They’ll want to see you fuck him rough so you better do a good job, otherwise I might have to allow them to fuck your omega. Wouldn’t that be something? Omegas fucking omegas. Subjugation isn’t just for the powerful. Is it?”
“No, no television,” Steve says because he doesn’t want to see Tony on the news even if it is only in passing. “No television and I need to be on the rack. I don’t even care about the bed. Just the rack and no kissing.”
Steve shrugs. “Well, this is hardly cooking, and I’d hardly call myself a master chef. Have you seen Chef Ramsey? That man is a genius but has a potty mouth.” He retrieves two beers from the fridge and sets them on the counter island, opening both and sliding one over to Tony.
“Yeah, yeah,” he says and he pulls out his rifle from his back holster. He’s wearing his black leather vest with dark pants to match. Only the glint off his metal arm could draw attention to them in the dark forest surrounding the Skull’s headquarters. Sam has his wings pack on; their way out depends on him. He can’t carry out all three of them but he can get to the rendezvous point without detection.
Tony’s fingers inch upward to his cheekbones, finely chiseled and symmetrical. So perfect in form that Tony smiles.
“We never really talk about the dream,” Steve muttered. He wanted to get out of bed, pace, walk around, but then he realized he was nude. “I fell asleep. That’s all this is.”
Steve looked over his shoulder, the curve of the covered shield partially blocking his view. “What gave me away?”
That same fleeting shadow comes over Steven’s expression, but this time he tries to hide it by facing away from Tony. “As you wish, my lord.”
He grits his teeth and trudges onward through the dank underground prison when Redwing screams a warning. Bucky doesn’t have a lot of time but he drops Steve to the side and yanks out his weapon as a half dozen troopers emerge from the stairwell. Picking the first three off is easy, the last three scatter and it becomes a shootout. Seeing where to shoot in the dark basement with its low ceiling and leaking pipes is difficult but Bucky pulls out his grenade. He knows that it’s dangerous – the whole damn fortress might fall on his head. But he dials the grenade to a stun and tosses it over to the hiding place of the troopers. It goes off with a quiet thrum and then two of the soldiers drop to the floor. That leaves the third one. Bucky eases around the pillars – major load baring structures to hold up the ancient fortress.
Dean woke to the steady beeping of a machine for the second time that day. ‘Better not make this a regular occurrence,’ he thought.
He saw a black hoodie slung over the back of a chair and reached for it, ignoring the searing in his back as he stretched. He grabbed it off of the chair and towards him.
The team came up with a plan for FRIDAY to keep a look out for Dean’s face over any and all cameras and what they would do once they found him. The team fell asleep in the living room, all of them unwilling to give up on the kid they barely even knew but would fiercely protect already.
“Just want to go home,” Dean replied, a slight edge of anger to his tone. Dean started to head towards the door.
“Because even though we don’t really know you, we still care about you, and we didn’t get you out of that house to throw you into another abusive one,” Tony said as if it was the truest fact he’s ever known.
“Is that it FRIDAY?” Tony asked, as he seemed to be the only that could speak normally at the moment but anger still trailed after each word he spoke.
What he didn’t predict however, because it had been a while since his father went this far, was the demand to take off his shirt, and the loud hit of metal on wood as his father’s belt buckle hit the floor.
Tony started to bag him, and Bruce looked for a form of ID. He found a wallet in his jeans pocket. “It says here his name is Dean Winchester and he’s 16 years old,” Bruce said addressing the entire team.
Tony decided to just open the door and the two walked in to see Dean curled up into himself at the far end of his bed. They could see the sweat falling from the boy and the way his body was shivering.
The girl stopped dancing after a few minutes and pulled Dean with her to a back wall in the club. She then pulled two little white pills from her pocket and handed one to Dean while swallowing the other.
Clint gave a small smile and got up to leave, “I’ll let them now that you’ll be in the living room soon.”
Dean picked up his jacket and put it on, zipping it up hastily. He turned back around and said once more, “Right, so I’ll leave now.”
Dean seemed to focus on his surroundings for the first time if his shout of “Sammy!” was anything to go by.
When his vision straightened up, he could see the concerned look on both Captain America’s face and Ironman’s, who had taken the face plate off.
Dean only lifted his head slightly so he could see Steve approaching. He would normally have moved away, but something about Steve and Tony made Dean feel safe.
“I thought you might like to talk to someone who isn’t technically your legal guardian or anything first,” Clint shrugged.
Tony turned to look at his team. “What the hell was that?” He asked, to no one in particular, finally wanting to discuss it with someone other than his brain. “The kid took down twenty aliens by himself and collapsed?”
Dean looked down and scratched the back of his neck, wincing when the pain started again, “Hey so, um, where’s uh, what’s happening to Dad?” He asked, almost as if he was ashamed.
“Ok, he’s not breathing so we need to bag him and try to figure out what is causing this.” Bruce commanded over to the team.
He grabbed he backpack and went to all the hiding places in his room, picking out his multiple guns, knives and other weapons, placing them carefully into his bag.
School was boring, as usual. People gave him weird looks, as usual. At least he had a few hours before he had to go home, Dean appreciated that Sam was so smart because it meant that twice a week Dean could have more time away from home and away from his Dad.
“Well, I should probably have a shower first, you know, body paint,” Dean gestured to his face and neck.
Tony stepped out of the suit and dropped to his knees, with Bruce, who’s hands were slowly starting to turn green.
Him and Sam didn’t say anything on the journey, they just snacked on the bacon. Once they reached the school parking lot, Sam said a rushed goodbye and Dean slowly headed inside.
“The boy is a great fighter,” Thor said in his usual happy tone, which felt out of place in the sombre atmosphere of the room.
He ran straight to the stairs leading to the lobby of the tower, and outside, running for a few blocks before he slowed down to speed walk.
“James, and I don’t know, I found him like this,” Sam lied easily. He cursed himself internally for not telling the truth, but he didn’t want Dean to get hurt that badly again.
Steve started to speak this time, “We have been put onto the foster carer system and if we speak to a few people, we’ll definitely be able to have you move in with us.”
“Clearly,” Tony whispered to himself, but Dean heard and glared at him. Tony felt an embarrassed flush creep up his cheeks. Dean made a move to leave but Clint put his arm out in front of him, making Dean flinch back, causing Clint to recoil his arm quickly.
“Then got back up easily after surgery and proceeded to floor one of the best fighters we know,” Bruce added, ignoring the slightly embarrassed look on Clint’s face.
He registered that it was Clint. He lowered his hands and felt his stomach turn again. He turned to the toilet and threw up once more, this time he had a comforting hand rubbing circles on his back.
Dean was distracted when he nearly drove into the screaming lady that was running past his car. He slammed on the breaks and said, “What the Fuck!” The woman didn’t even seem fazed as she continued to run away from whatever had her so hyped up.
Instead of her stopping him to calm him down, like Steve thought, Nat swung over and over again at the semi-conscious man, pure rage fuelling every hit.
Dean woke up the next day with a dull ache in his head and a slight throb in his leg. He also noticed Sammy was asleep next to him. Dean let out a small amused huff of laughter and poked Sammy in the shoulder.
“Well,” Tony began, “During the last few weeks me and Steve, and the rest of the team, worked something out.”
“I told you we know about New Jersey,” Natasha stepped forward, “Did that happen because of the social workers?”
“It seems the boy woke and left the hospital a few days later, against the advice of the doctors.” The AI finished.
“You didn’t see anything. Please you don’t know what will happen if you try to help. Please leave me alone,” Dean practically begged.
Dean was just heading out of his first class and walking towards his second, he was let out early to avoid the crowds because of his broken leg, when he saw Steve fucking Rogers stood at the end of the hallway.
“Look, its ok kid, we know your name because we checked your ID and you’re at Avengers Tower because you collapsed and needed surgery,” Tony calmly explained.
Before Clint knew what was happening, he was twisted over Dean’s back and splayed out on the floor. ‘What the hell?’ he thought.
Dean was brought out of his thoughts by the force of a kick to his ribs. He heard a cracking sound and knew it was busted, not a big deal it would just be sore for a few days, he could get over it, he was used to this by now. Another kick and another landing on his stomach and chest. He felt his Dad garb his collar and pull him up, only to punch his left cheek, throwing him back down again.
When they arrived, Bucky, Clint and Nat went to help the others set the table while Steve pulled Tony aside.
“Look, you’re 16 years old, you can handle a gun perfectly and you weren’t scared when most people were running away screaming,” Natasha told him. Dean just continued to glare. “You should tell us what’s how and why,” she continued.
Dean flinched slightly at the hand, which didn’t go unnoticed by the team, but handed his phone over anyway.
As Steve and Natasha ran to the older man, and Tony and Bruce ran to Dean, Clint, Thor and Bucky ran upstairs, looking for Sam.
Sam just looked at him solemnly and Dean approached the bed and sat down next to him. Sam immediately started to clean Deans wounds and made him take his shirt off. Dean thought that Sammy was too young to have deal with this kinda thing but was still glad to have him to help afterwards.
Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head. He then started to walk out of the gym, walking past Steve, not saying a word.
“I’m just sorry you had to go through so much,” she said as she finished rubbing the cream on Dean’s back.
As soon as Thor set Sam down, he ran over to his brother and cried, “Please Dean, you have to be ok,” he kept saying quietly.
Steve stood back up as Tony lifted the boy into his arms and flew away towards the tower. Steve looked up as his husband zipped through the sky with a limp body dangling in his arms.
“Jesus Christ Dean, I told you, you should have gone to the hospital. Why didn’t you tell me you couldn’t breathe properly?” Sam asked, still trying to take in all the information Dean had relayed to him.
He walled straight past the lobby receptionist and headed to the elevator. When he and Sam had entered the elevator, he didn’t know which floor to say, so he just gave his name.
The team had been in the living area for a few hours, mostly in silence, thinking over the events of the day. Suddenly an idea came to tony and he asked his AI, “FRIDAY?” Tony called out into the silence, slightly startling Bruce. “Can you run a name through the system please? It’s Dean Winchester.”
The brothers walked out of the room and handed the form in, then headed to the parking lot. Dean immediately jumped into the driver’s seat with an incredulous look from Sam.
The team were silent for a moment, before the sound of FRIDAY’s voice filled the intense atmosphere.
Dean instinctively reached for the gun he usually kept in his waistband, just to realise that he didn’t have it, and started to panic just a little. But then he remembered the voice from the elevator and relaxed slightly.
“Are you sure you should be doing that?” Tony asked after Dean told them his plans, “You know, with your back and all?”
The team charged in quickly, Steve heading straight for the older man. When he reached the man, he swung his shield again, hitting the man in the chest.
Dean ate his cereal and finished his glass of water before leaning into Steve, who was sat on his other side, and said, “I need to go back to the house today and get some things, I’ll take Sammy, he needs to get things as well.”
There wasn’t much conversation and just as Steve was placing the last pancake onto a plate, Tony walked in, still in his pyjamas and looking like he wasn’t awake at all. He stumbled over to the coffee pot and poured a hefty amount off coffee into a particularly large mug. He gulped down a big mouthful and his eyes immediately lit up. “Oh, I really needed that, I wasn’t even convinced I was awake before,” stated Tony cheerily. Steve chuckled at his husband and proceeded to take the ginormous stack of pancakes and place it in the middle of the long dining table, where everyone was now sitting.
Tony and Steve stared at Dean for a while and he shifted under their gaze. “You better not do that again,” Tony said seriously. Dean nodded. “Alright, go find your brother, he’s worried about you.”
Sam heard Dean’s choked cry of pain. A sound he hadn’t heard in a long time. Dean always held in the pain.
Bruce came back with the results, Dean had fallen asleep on the couch, sat up and Sam still hadn’t left his side.
“Hey buddy,” Dean looked around to see Steve stood at the door of the gym. ‘When did he get here?’ Dean thought.
Dean made his way back to his room and took off his shirt, a small amount of blood had seeped through that as well. His back stung but he ignored it and just lay on his bed, staring at the ceiling.
Also, this might seem a little far fetched but I wanted the team to find out about Dean without actually knowing him first.
“We can eat on the way.” Dean answered to Sam’s questioning look, “We’re gonna be late.” Sam didn’t respond but instead took the tissue with the bacon a headed to the door, scooping up his backpack.
He’d gone to Fury when he knew presentation was upon him, not because he wanted to but because he had to. And Fury? Fury was the first friendly face he’d seen in this new century. Going to him seemed logical. Fury stood in his office with a grimace on his face as Steve confessed what no one else really knew.
Steve’s exclamation elicits a brutal groan from Tony as he shoves hard and deep into Steve. The motion pushes Steve up against the wall of the shower. The water pelts them sluicing over his hot skin but it’s not enough, it’s never enough.  He begs for more.
It took a doughnut shop and Tony losing the armor to Rhodey for things to finally resolve. Her friend and boss, Fury was there with her. It didn’t escape him that this man was probably the same Fury that Steve spoke about all those months ago. Even when he was introduced to the man with the patch, when he heard his name Tony’s heart drop into his stomach and all the pain and trauma that revolved around his memories of Steve came back. At that time he hadn’t known Steve was still alive.
The room completely blotted out. Tony couldn’t see or feel his own body. All he knew was Steve. Tangled and knotted together, their souls interlaced, merging into something new, something different, something more. For a bold moment, Steve resisted and their souls retched out a red purple light and then he accepted it as Tony reached for him. Their souls celebrated, the light blinding and hot but never burning. And in that horribly beautiful moment, their souls together formed a union and it pulsated joy and perfection and bliss. Everything around Tony, every sensation, was electrified. And then the world and Steve whited out.
Back at the Tower, Tony admitted to himself he had hope though, too. Maybe too much hope. Maybe he needed to dial it back. In London, Steve wanted to go all the way, then he boomeranged back to fearing everything about a same sex relationship. Now Steve had settled somewhere in the middle, which was probably for the best. Jumping in with both feet had its benefits but Tony wasn’t sure he could withstand Steve’s resentment, if that grew from too much too soon. Tony needed to work out his own feelings anyhow.
The man smiles. “Can we get one cookie?” The little girl frowns at the number. “Two cookies and milk? Do you have milk?”
Strange practically growled at her. “In the ways of astral projection and the soul pack, of course.”
“Because otherwise you were a pervert,” Tony said, and he admitted bitterness laced his words. Shit, they’d just made love and here Tony was stuck in the same fucking place.
Stane restrains himself, his face purpling with anger, but then he inhales, holds it, then exhales. He places a hand on his large forehead, stays silent for a good minute, and then drops his hand. “You, my boy, will be the death of me. You’re very important to me, Tony. I hope you know that. I get irritated with you, so angry, but I have to say you’re our hope. If we could get you in the right position-.”
“Can’t get anything by you,” Tony says fondly. “It is. The reactor is named in recognition of the Hayashi track because the means to produce artificial gravity use some of the same principles as the lifecycle of a star, only at a much smaller scale.”
Steve sits but refuses to hunch his shoulders in shame. He hasn’t run from his responsibilities; he will go back. Yet, he did run.
“You can’t barely breath without making noise, I don’t think you’re ready to stand up.” Tony ignores Steve’s request and starts rifling through his backpack. “Unfortunately, the game has done a job on my backpack.”
When Tony comes to, his head aches and his mouth takes like grit and sand and blood. He coughs and tries to roll over, thinking maybe he should stop the late night binge drinking. That’s when he realizes he’s not in his own bed, but still in the Iron Man armor after what should have been a fatal crash. The armor stalls all attempts to move; it’s mangled and useless. He calls out to JARVIS but the AI is still off line. He needs the manual release. Bringing his right arm to his left shoulder tells him that he’s probably damaged his wrist, arm or both. He groans and lies back down.
The man grabs his jaw and turns Tony’s head toward him even as Tony bats at him. “Look at me. I can read lips but not when you’re looking the other way.”
Tony had saved him in the Blood Den. Not only did Tony not kill him, he carried Steve away. He covered their tracks, called in favors. No one ever knew it had been Tony Stark, a vampire for just four years, who’d captured the highest ranking V-Corps agent. Tony cared for Steve. During those first crucial hours Tony had brought Steve to a safe house, bathed him, fed him, talked quietly to him.
“Right no cream.” He’s not wearing the glasses and, for some reason that Steve thinks is incredibly rude, Steve can’t take his eyes off Tony’s eyes. The eyes are sightless but seeking. It’s the only way that Steve can describe it.
“My job description in the contracts says that I am to ensure your well-being.” Steve waits with his hand outstretched.
He mutters under his breath about a 100 year old virgin and then – very clumsily – manages to get onto the shield.
He eased away from Tony, panting and trembling from the effects of their soul exploration. Tony looked wide-eyed at him; the tears dried on his face. “What? What was that?”
Tony cringed at him going to town on the cake as if he hadn’t eaten in weeks. Not true, the man always ate like two pizzas when they got together weekly for lunch. “I did. I did. But I didn’t expect.” And the roar of noise overwhelmed him then – the scream in his head of
Tony had looked away then and his gaze drifted to the nebula swirling beyond the window port. “I don’t think there’ll be much of me left by then.”
“Bruce is already handling Clint.” Tony approached him and Steve glanced around as if looking for an easy exit. “Who else? The feedback loop has been terrible since I plucked you out of the sky. I just figured it was because you were under attack, but it’s not. Is it?”
“Come on, let’s get you out of those wet clothes.” Steve turns back to Tony realizing the man is in shock, hypothermic, and probably still suffering heart problems. He eases Tony back to the single cot and helps him finish unbuttoning his coat and shirt. He jitters as Steve touches him with cold hands. There’s no different in temperature between them, they are both nearly frost bitten and in jeopardy.
Tony turned away and cringed. Natasha studied Steve. Tony watched her and glimpsed a sadness in her expression. “That’s exactly why I can’t trust you. But you could help the coven, Captain, and for that I’m grateful.”
Steve stays completely still. The air pulses around him; it feels like something imminent is going to happen like the air is charged and a lightning bolt might strike him. He doesn’t interrupt.
“You might want to consider this-.” Friday flashes the news onto the virtual reality interface and he cringes.
When Steve catches his glance, Tony puts down the tablet on the glass and iron table by the side of the bed and smiles. “Took you long enough.”
But he knew he hadn’t been, not for a long time. Loose ends struggled for purchase within him. They tangled and danced as if in a wind storm. He needed grounding. He needed an anchor, and found none. Pepper had offered so much, including herself. There was nothing more for her to give and he found it wanting. That was how much of a pig head he was. A shit head, that was it. He had no right to find her
Sam steps away from Bucky and Redwing jumps into the air. In seconds Sam releases his own wings and launches off the side of the hill. He's got both hands full with small blasters and he targets the fortress' towers. Bucky uses the advantage of the distraction to leap down the jagged hillside. It takes more time than he'd like, there aren't easy hand holds. With his one metal arm he's able to swing and then literally throw himself to the edge of the rock face, getting to a level perch before he needs to leap to the ground. When he does every bone in his body jars and he rolls to safety. Closing in on the stone fortress that looks to be some ancient civilization's temple, Bucky eases his way around the wall and tries to find an entrance into the building that doesn't mean the front door  (or portcullis as the case may be).
“I’ll have Wanda make her chicken noodle soup. She’s already prepping dough for fresh bread.” Vision leaves them.
Sam laughed and shook his head. “You two have never had to deal with the government chasing you for no reason, have you?” Sam headed to his bedroom. “I can help you with that at least.”
