"Good morning." His lips curl up to form a smile.
An hour passed, and the falling dream jolts him back to consciousness. For a while, the darkness fools him into thinking that he is still asleep. Mind still hazy from sleep, John sits up slowly and plants his feet down on the floor. He fumbled around in the dark, heading for the door, tripping on a pile of clothes while trying to find the doorknob. The various items dropped earlier during the day trails back to the front door. John picks them up, making his way from his jacket, to his shoes and cane, and then the front door, which is slightly open. He leaves 221B.
It's been.... two years.... I have no excuse but I come with my head hung low in shame. I'm so sorry.
"Good night, Sherlock." His heart had skipped a beat at the soft laughter than Sherlock let out. Nothing to worry about, he thought. Except for the fact that he is most likely, most definitely, falling for the man sleeping next to him. No big deal.
. His laughter ceases to giggles and he realizes the cat is nudging at his leg.  Slowly, carefully, he picks up the cat. "You do want to come with me?" he whispers softly.
Soon the rain lightens and eventually came to a stop, and John stands up, brushing off any dirt on his pants. He gives the a cat one look over, and starts to walk away. He had thought of taking it home with him, but is not sure that Mrs. Hudson will let any pets in.  Someone else will come and take care for it, he thinks. Not even a few blocks later, guilt tugs at the back of his mind. What if the  cat never finds a home? Oh God, what if it dies, and John is the one responsible for its death, since he could've prevented it in the  first place? He turns around, ready to hobble back to the cat.
The clock announces that it's already 6 a.m. He lets the egg cool for abut before stuffing it in his mouth. John dashes out the flat so he wouldn't miss the bus. 6:07,  barely making it in time. The bus driver was about to close the door before spotting John running towards the bus stop, calling out to make sure it won't leave. Annoyed, she reluctantly waits until John enters the bus, panting and gasping for breath. "Sorry- for.. keeping you-"
"Thank you, John." Sherlock mutters, dead of the night creeping in with each tick of the clock. They had finished up for the night, Mrs. Hudson still unaware of the stowaway roommate John had unsuspectingly brought home. Sherlock had offered to sleep on the couch, but John insisted they sleep together. The bed was far too wide for one man, he reasoned.
"Huh? You said something?" John glances over Sherlock, giving him a quick once-over. "We'll go buy some new clothes for you after I get off work."
Though its  fur is spattered with mud and water, it looks elegant, sophisticated even. The cat looks a bit scrawny, but not too much that its bones are jutting out. It retains some hints that it had previously been cared for. John reached out to pat the cat's head  instinctively. It hissed louder before John could, however, and the hand is immediately pulled away. He crouches low, staring at the cat. It stares back, not breaking eye contact, not blinking at all. John tries his best to keep his eyes open, not blinking also.
When he arrives at 221B, he finds Sherlock lounging on his sofa, head upside down. "You're back." He rights himself up and pushes John out the door again. "Let's go."
Hazy rays from the sunrise filters through the apartment blinds, gently settling in streaks across John's bedroom. He shifts in his sleep, face scrunching from the slowly brightening light. His hands stretches outward, expecting cold sheets and perhaps a pillow. Instead, his fingers brush against something warm. Soft. The cat purrs.
They go by London Underground this time. The crowd will help conceal Sherlock's unusual features, he thought. Contrary to what Sherlock said, people did notice. Some pointed and whispered, amused by the sight of a grown man wearing a cat ears and tail cosplay. At one point someone struck up a one-sided conversation with him and tried to pat his ears, but Sherlock immediately hissed and scared them off.
"Come on, Holmes. You were the one who decided on the name."
A sigh escapes his lips as John squeezes the rainwater out of his clothes. He leans back against the wall, watching as people run  around to get cover from the sudden rain. Some others have been well prepared, however, and had their umbrellas ready. John  shifted to the side and accidentally nudged a box. A hiss comes out from it. John jumps away in shock. Did the box just hiss? He  inches closer to the cardboard, slowly uncovering the contents.
John finishes up the sunny-side up for Sherlock and grabs a bowl of cereal for himself. They’re fresh out of eggs. And milk. Add a trip to the grocery store on top of that, he thinks. They ate in silence, John mulling over his cereal. This clears up having to explain a cat to Mrs. Hudson, but a cat-eared man? He could make Sherlock wear a hat. Tuck the tail in his pants, or maybe a long overcoat. Wait.
The cat...  Maybe he should call it- him, the man? However distraught John was by the sudden appearance of a naked man in his bed, he couldn't help but take note of how sharply defined his cheekbones were. His lips a soft shade of pink, if a bit chapped. His lashes long and delicate. John felt an urge to brush his fingers against them, but quickly pushed the thought away. In the midst of all the inner panic, the unidentified man had woken up, and is now staring at John.
Unique compliments, indeed.
“Fine. Let's start with the fact that Mycroft was never in coma.”
“The only thing they'll do is to escort me out of the slave-free zone,” Sherlock states. “Perhaps fine my master. With a sum roughly equal to the one for half an hour of illegal parking. I'm sure he'll survive. The question is, can your clinic survive after something I know becomes public, Derek?”
Yes, he owns a slave himself. A woman, probably elderly, probably a family possession. No young females for him - a jealous wife and not enough income. But he's itching for it. Undoubtedly he has his own ideas about the reasons John is purchasing Sherlock. It's quite normal nowadays, they say.
Of course, before, he used to disappear for a day or two sometimes and even for a week, but that was before. After the trial he's never been gone for more than several hours without telling John beforehand or leaving him a note, although John had never asked him to and never would. Perhaps he's finally realised how important it is for John to always see him and know how he is. Or perhaps he's just felt uncertain in his new role.
“It was the safest way.” Sherlock’s tone is flat. “Winston has almost unlimited resources and his intelligence is almost equal to mine. Or Mycroft’s. Otherwise he’d never have got us. The only advantage I had was because of his biased understanding of a slave automatically being powerless and harmless to him. Besides, Winston can’t stand Mycroft, and his dearest wish is to see me broken and lost; that is why he gave Moriarty the idea of forcing me into slavery.”
John is quite confident that it will take some time for Sherlock to find a good enough flat, because despite his pointed attitude towards his body as transport, he's actually very particular when it comes to his personal comfort. Nevertheless it is no more than a week after their memorable discussion on the topic that Sherlock announces they are moving at the end of the same month.
“Greet your master, slave,” the official orders and squints at the documents. “Oh my, what a name!” He turns to John, chuckling, “If you want it changed, you can do it free of charge, by the way.”
He returns to their flat without beans, barely holding on to his temper, and starts with punching the door frame.
Squinting at the corporal, the sergeant asks, “Hey, doc, is it true what they say, that human guts are a tad more complicated?”
“Sherlock. What can I do for you?” he asks, trying not to break eye contact and appear calm.
John grunts and looks away. “I'd say that it's a horrific idea, potentially dangerous to our relationship and unhealthy all around.”
“Enough. Time to wrap this up,” says a voice full of boredom.
“I don't need any discounts, Dr Desai,” Sherlock answers shortly, surprising himself.
“Er... How?”
“Shh.” He lets the rock-like hardness out of his mouth and licks his lips. “I have to admit that I'm not terribly experienced at this, so unless you really want me to bite you...”
as to dirty his hands with the cleaning process for a change?
“Thank you, no need,” John answers in the polite voice he uses in stressful situations. It doesn't get any more stressful than that. “As I understand it, the collar is compulsory either way?”
“A few.” John nods, biting the skin that just happens to be on a neck within his reach. Then he grabs Sherlock's wrists and twists them roughly over the other man's head. ”Any objections?”
No longer paying Sherlock any attention, she glances at the readings on the machines and copies them onto the chart. Then she starts checking the equipment, wiping it clean, changing the air tubes... That's how John finds them: Sherlock in the corner on his knees, the nurse fixing a plastic bag of parenteral nutrition to an IV stand.
“Your access to what?” Greg doesn't so much interrupt as dutifully fills the dramatic pause that a good professor might purposefully leave for his student.
“That, you shouldn't have done.” Sherlock hurls himself out of the sofa and is at the door virtually in two leaps. “I told you: The Golden Ram awaits us. It's for a case.”
“You started it,” Sherlock notes. With a sense of loss tears he himself away from John and quickly removes his own clothes. And now boxers... neck – a distracting manoeuvre, then a shoulder - the right one (the left he'll look at the next time, when it's light)... nipples? No, bad idea; John tenses up, and not in a good way. Pity: feeling the soft tissue under his tongue was rather pleasant. To cling more tightly, to press closer... Fine, there's plenty of time for that later. Sherlock rubs his face to his friend's stomach, inhaling the familiar, but a lot stronger smell now; he wants to groan, wants to laugh, to bury himself under John's skin and stay there; he wants to climb on top of him and kiss him again, take those thin lips between his teeth, taste John on his tongue – and then he does, without hesitation. No method to his actions, though.
“I think we've already had a chance to establish that I'd do a lot more for you.”
(draft)
If he answers a question, the pain will stop. The tentacles will go away. But then the body ocean will close its icy waves above him and suffocate him.
Sherlock hasn't been to see Mycroft once since his hospitalisation. Until today. It's their first visit since their fight and the new balance they've found. Perhaps that is the reason that Sherlock feels the need to change the established rules. Or maybe he just has poor impulse control. They say it's quite common among sociopaths.
Almost unnoticed by the sparse morning crowd Sherlock manages to guide John into the public toilets.
“It's about you too!” Sherlock says with passion. “Stop doubting me. All of this -” he slightly touches the traces of the collar on his neck. “- means nothing. We agreed on the very first day that we won't let it come between us. And what do I see now? You're still thinking in old paradigms. That's where your true hypocrisy lies! If not for this minor inconvenience, what would you-”
“I'll be in, if you need anything,” Mrs Hudson cuts in, and her tone betrays growing amusement with the scene unfolding before her eyes.
“Hold it to the bruise,” he barks.
“John.” His name cuts off his incoherent babble. “You said that I want to be seen as a slave. But I am a slave. Legally. And will remain as such unless we do something.”
'That's it,' John thinks, his body covered in a cold sweat of terror. His heart rate picks up as he remembers Sherlock's dreams; his limbs tense – he's ready to shred iron chains – he can't. 'I'm finished. Is this really the end?.. And Sherlock?.. God, let it be some maharajah, he can escape form a harem, he's a genius. Anything but the mines, God, don’t let him become an organ donor!
And the curious thing is, John is right. Or more right than Sherlock. This is better: pressing his whole body to John's, kissing his face (eyelids, nose, cheeks, chin), struggling to cope with John's hot breath on his neck and ear lobe (“Tickles, John!”), trying to get closer, closer, and even closer, as if (why as if?) everything that has ever mattered in this world is the space (or more precisely the lack of thereof) between their entwined bodies.
They let him go.
“At any rate,” he continues. “They worked together. The whole scheme to neutralise my brother was the result of the said collaboration. And although they both pursued their own goals, Moriarty's fixation on Sherlock proved extremely beneficial for Winston who quite rightly judged him to be one of my rare weaknesses. Thus the operation against me was carried out in parallel with the operation to neutralise my brother. As far as I understand, they seem to have succeeded in both endeavours – Sherlock is now formally a slave.”
He inhales steadily through his nose, then exhales. Sherlock knows human psychology very well, and he also knows that his reactions, unfortunately, don't differ that much from the norm, even though he does like to call himself a sociopath. What is going on with him now, which kind of inertia has overtaken his thoughts, is no secret.
“No.” Sherlock shakes his head once. “But you're obviously not busy at the moment. I need a tooth removed. Lower, number seven. It won't take you long.”
Three days pass. Visits by a psychologist (a free woman, naturally) are the worst by far. For an hour daily she comes in, accompanied by two guards, sits on the chair before the tentatively kneeling slaves and spins her speech around the humanitarian nature of society and advantages of dependency. The first time, twenty minutes into the lecture, she allowed them to relax from their kneeling poses and several slaves started beaming at her almost in adoration. Her first husband humiliated her (never hit though), she divorced him and is now in a homosexual relationship with a colleague. Sherlock could tell her a lot about free will and a freedom of movement. But he doesn't.
Deep down Greg recognises slaves as individuals and therefore feels distinctly uneasy when one is present. He was taught at school that slavery was economically justified and deeply rooted in human nature, therefore will always exist as established by Marx and Freud. And still the concept has always unsettled Greg. In his teenage years he and his friends often talked about some day a cheap robot finally being invented which would make slavery magically disappear. Just as the assembly-line production drastically decreased the demand on slave markets: grandpa had told Greg about the ease with which people could plunge into slavery previous to that .
As much as he’d love to draw this out even more, he really cannot justify making Sherlock – patient Sherlock, who has already waited five years – wait any longer. John reaches moves up to kiss each of Sherlock’s nipples, then back revisits Sherlock’s cock. He reaches one hand up to continue to play with Sherlock’s nipple while he licks and sucks at Sherlock’s cock, paying special attention to his foreskin and frenulum. After about sixty seconds, Sherlock arches his back and moans, then comes and comes and comes, the hot salty liquid a litany of praise down John’s throat. John continues to suck as Sherlock trembles with the aftershocks.
Papa Sherlock
I hum and rock my hips up to allow him better access,
I whisper to him. He asks if I am ready for a second finger and I nod.
and peppers the top of John’s head with tiny kisses as John continues to weep. “It feels right because it
“Isn’t that what they call a….win-win situation or something?” Sherlock smiles as he thinks aloud. “In any case, I think it's time I returned the favour."
I am not much of a writer to begin with – your dad takes care of that for us - and certainly I’ve never written a letter to a newborn, but your daddy seems to think this is a good idea and he is never wrong. I promise to not to talk to you like you’re incapable of understanding; adults do this to children all the time and I find it tedious.
01.12
“Sherlock, where the hell are you going?” John chases him down the stairs and out the door onto the pavement. “I said….where the HELL do you think you’re going?” John yells at Sherlock, whose hands are in his coat pockets as he faces Baker Street.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for those who've read and stuck with this story. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I have enjoyed sharing it with you. There is an epilogue coming to tie it up, but the plot is done. :)
John has a question, Sherlock has an answer.
“Would you….would you sleep with me in my bed tonight?”
the two are amazed that it all somehow fits. As they pack the last piece into the bag, something on the bench catches Sherlock’s eye. A piece of paper, hidden apparently under all the equipment Sherlock had been positively swooning about. Was it there all this time, or where did it come from?
Ah, right. I’m sorry, nurse. I didn’t mean to fall asleep here, it’s just
"What I’m trying to say is…thanks to you, I no longer want to be alone.
“At last the skies above are blue….”
and continues his exploration and worship of my body. I wrap my arms around him, one hand cupping the back of his head and the other around his muscular back; his belly has gone a bit soft with age but his back remains solid.
“Yeah, of course. Course I want you there. I wouldn’t want anyone else. I need some more sleep and you do too, but the next time we go see Rosie, you're coming with me, are we clear on that?"
4) In the case of a true emergency – what we’d call a stat or crash section – things really can happen that quickly, ten minutes or less from decision to incision.
12 January, 2015
Dr. Smithson kneels down to meet John where he is but gives him space to vent. After about five minutes, John stills and meets Dr. Smithson’s eyes quickly before shifting his gaze back to the ground.
“John, I’m sorry, I didn’t think it would be a problem for me to talk to he-“
Il est l’heure d’aller dormir
Sherlock is mostly incapable of coherent speech by the time they are home; he alternates between weeping and staring into space. He has mostly made peace with the fact that he had no control over the things that led to Rosie’s conception, birth, and death. Still, he longs to have her back. He would trade anything to hold her on his bare chest again, to caress her face and hold her hand, to remind John that the amino acids and double helices aligned to give her John’s nose, and one day to teach her the atomic number for each element on the periodic table. He weeps at the unfairness of it, how there are millions – billions, even – of children running around perfectly healthy, while Rosie’s ashes are in an urn on the mantel.
Sherlock reads it aloud again, just to make sure he’s figured out the code correctly, taking care that he hasn’t misinterpreted any of the symbols.
Yttrium Oxygen Uranium
John scoots Sherlock up in the bed to give himself better access to this marvelous being, this
. His voice trembles, but does not falter.
Rosie’s fathers stay with her for several more hours, taking turns holding her and weeping. They do not talk much except to note how beautiful Rosie’s hands and feet are, and Sherlock reminds John how much Rosie’s nose looks like John’s. They decide to have her cremated, and they’ll figure out what to do with her ashes later.
“You are a good bit naughty,” Sherlock replies, “but I must say.... that was very,
Sherlock knows it is illogical to be angry at the sun for shining, but that doesn’t stop him from being angry.  By rights the entire world does not have to turn to grey just because his daughter, the daughter that he and John had cherished for such a brief stay on earth, is dead and the urn containing her ashes in the ground, but he wishes it were thus all the same.
Sherlock doesn’t bother to hide the tears that flow freely down his face between spoken words. He knew this would eventually occur too, but living it is exponentially more difficult than thinking about it. Rosie is content to be in his arms and snuggled against his bare chest, thankfully unaware of the anticipatory grief of the men who love her.
12.00pm
*************
“No apology needed. I am so sorry, Doctor Watson. We poured as many units of blood, platelets, and plasma into her as quickly as we could….but….we could not save her. She is dead.” The physician, John thinks to himself, looks a few years younger now that he’s finally gotten the words out.
“Thank you. Her name is Rosalie. Rosie for short.” John relaxes if only a little.
“You smiled, you smiled, oh and then the spell was cast.
for the sake of the tiny girl asleep in Sherlock’s arms. They weep silently for several minutes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you please marry me?”
Sherlock withdraws into himself and does not turn to face John. Instead, he sits his mug of tea on the floor and looks away from John.
*************
John has some uncomfortable thoughts about Mary and his daughter in this chapter. The stuff about Mary is directly related to her actions and her (in my opinion) villainous character, and John is a complex, complicated human being. Like all of us, he’s not 100% a good person all the time. The stuff about the baby is related to the strange things grief can do to a parent’s mind. In no way do I mean to imply John doesn’t love his daughter; as you will soon see, quite the opposite is true. Nor do I wish to imply that babies with this particular condition are ugly; however, it has been my experience that their appearance does startle parents when they see their babies for the first time, and that’s what I’m trying to convey.
'Epistola' is one of several Latin words for 'letter,' and you will quickly see why I've chosen this as the chapter title.
Sherlock stares blankly for a few seconds, then queries incredulously, “You….are inviting me? You are saying you want me there
. – JWH
Angelo hands Victoria the champagne glass –
******
John and Sherlock return to St. Mary’s that afternoon, having eaten and rested a bit. Rosie’s condition is unchanged from before, but John had promised Doctor Smithson that he would return to address the issues left unresolved when John and Sherlock had left earlier. Over lunch the two men have discussed banalities – weather, cases, and Mrs. Hudson’s cooking. Both know that the day is going to be arduous, and anything more at the time is simply too much.
Sherlock didn’t say much when I told him all this. But the next morning I’d awakened to an empty bed and thought I’d royally fucked up, until I heard Sherlock puttering around in the kitchen and saw a note on the nightstand in his handwriting. It read:
If he’s honest, he has known long before now but could not admit it, even to himself. For a time, part of it was survival. He’d had to keep up appearances with Mary.
John thinks he is dreaming when he feels a gentle touch on his arm, but no. It is the hand of the nurse who, having kept watch from afar, nudges him awake.
Sherlock’s sudden display of emotion surprises even John, not by its occurrence but by its intensity. Not even John had seen the cracks in the dam, so well had Sherlock kept them hidden; whether by accident or by design John neither knows nor cares.
“Oh God, I’m so sorry. So sorry.”
“I was clean when we met but the cravings were still so difficult to manage. After you moved in, they diminished almost overnight. The rush I had previously only been able to obtain with a needle in my veins I found with you sitting next to me in the kitchen, which both terrified and thrilled me. I had never before, nor have I since, realised that it was possible to feel that way about another living human.
They sit this way for several minutes, John quaking and Sherlock watching, unsure how to manage either of their emotions. He wishes with all his heart he knew the right thing to do or say that would comfort John’s guilt over something for which he has long been forgiven.
There are a few sniffles from the crowd as they watch these two speak to one another, eyes locked, as though there were no one else around. The years of words unsaid, or of words spoken past one another, the years of regret, of loss, and of loneliness, all have led them to right here, right now, promising lives to one another.
Christina Perri, “A Thousand Years”
Eyes wet, John manages to get out, “You had……fresh wounds. I’m so sorry. I should have taken you in my arms right then, and kissed you until you couldn’t breathe, but I slammed you on the ground, onto fresh wounds. I’m so sorry. Oh God, Sherlock-“ John collapses into more tears. Now that the dam has burst it seems unending.
Doctor Bell leads John down a maze of corridors and blinding lights, though John isn’t sure the lights are blinding him as much as the grey fucking fog in which he currently finds his brain. He recognizes her face, lips gone pale from blood loss, lifeless face gone even paler. Her crooked appendectomy scar, and the scars on both knees from too much football in uni. He feels nothing for her, no need to say goodbye.
. But he can form complete thoughts, and his body no longer involuntarily heaves with sobs. Eventually John leans back on the sofa to allow Sherlock to recline, and he cradles Sherlock in his arms and between his legs.
“Until that point no one had ever wanted anything to do with me. Apart from Mycroft – such as he is – no one gave me even the time of day. When I told you that people generally said ‘piss off’ I wasn’t exaggerating. I grew used to being labelled a freak, a bastard, a faggot, whatever insult was popular that week.
, John thinks for no good reason other than that it’s visible), leaving her lower half completely exposed. Blood and several fist-sized clots pour out of her vagina and John recognizes it for what it is – an emergent worsening of the abruption.
With buckets and buckets of love,
6) 6) I swear to God I had that collapse and moaning scene written well before T6T aired.
Grief is not linear. No matter what any person or book says, it is less like walking one foot in front of the other and more like being spun like a whirling dervish by forces beyond human control. Spun, disoriented, tossed about, and somehow, somehow by a miracle still alive when the rotation ceases. If one is lucky, one is stronger, wiser, and they may dare to say grateful for the privilege of having loved a being to whom they later bade farewell.
I am speechless and cannot begin to articulate exactly what else it is that I want. “Please. I want you.”
“When you came back, the only thing I wanted was to wrap my arms around you and never let go. But I couldn’t very well do that in the restaurant about to propose to
1) Linea nigra – a line often visible down the middle of a pregnant person’s abdomen. It’s several shades darker than the person’s baseline skin tone owing to hormonal changes of pregnancy.
“That was the nicest, most beautiful thing anyone has ever said to me, John. There is so much I now realise I need to tell you, but right now I can’t. I – the words, they are in my brain but I- they won’t come out of my mouth. I will tell you, John. I will. Right now….can we just…be together, the two of us? Close?”
14 April 2015
The cab ride home is a torturous fifteen minutes made even more so by the occasional hand trailing up a thigh but not quite where it needs to be, a couple fingers sucked in silence, a few ravenous glances. They practically fall out of the cab before it stops, Sherlock tossing a fare plus a generous tip at the cabbie as they unlock the front door and are up the stairs and into the sitting room before their cab has pulled away. Sherlock closes the sitting room door behind them and pulls John to himself
and all that matters is the two of them in love in lust always together, always two and always one.
. – JW
Before John can go any further, Sherlock
“No. Not at the moment, no. Thank you, Doctor Smithson.”
Wedding night love and feels.
, John had thought when he first realised it.
******
He sinks down, draping half his body over half of John’s body, and kisses John’s mouth. They gaze at each other, tears in both their eyes as they marvel at their good luck yet again. Sherlock manages to whisper through his tears, "Thank you, John Watson, for loving me so well."
. – JW
6 January 2015, 18.47
smirks Sherlock to himself.
, Sherlock muses, without stopping to question the occasion just yet.
John had banished him from the kitchen earlier that morning and made him dredge up a tedious oath from primary school, something about Scout’s honor (or was it Scots’ honor? Sherlock didn’t know) that he would stay out of the kitchen for the entirety of the day.
“Mmmmm,” groans Sherlock into their kiss. He is nearly lightheaded with the feel of John’s lips on his own and John’s tongue eagerly searching his mouth and John’s hands on his back and neck. This is far better than Sherlock had ever imagined while being beaten to a pulp in Serbia, far more delightful than he had ever dreamt whilst lying awake in his bed once John had gotten married. (While no one dared utter it to Sherlock, and he dared not even think it to himself at the time, he realises in a flash of memory that he had mourned John’s loss as that of a spouse, not a friend.) Returning to present reality, he realizes that he is hard in his trousers, achingly so, at the feel of John Watson in him, on him, around him. Even more agreeable is the awareness that John Watson is also hard and is presently manoevering himself to slot himself between Sherlock’s slightly-spread feet. Sherlock groans again and pulls slightly away from their kiss, just far enough to ghost the words “This….feels…..spectacular” into John’s ear.
Dear Rosie,
6 January 2015, 00.01, Baker Street
and shovel a few forkfuls into his mouth. Once he has eaten, he heads for the shower in hopes that the steam and hot water will loosen his fried muscles.
5 January 2015 14.40, St. Mary’s hospital, Neonatal Intensive care unit
The grooms stride out of the ceremony area hand-in-hand and head to a waiting cab that has been – thanks to some pulled strings with the City of London – gleefully decorated for the occasion by Sergeants Anderson and Donovan. Why take a limo –
This Christmas morning is no exception. John awakes from a sound sleep to find his arms and face full of the inexplicably adorable man he married ten years ago. For a moment he considers staying there to enjoy the early-morning glow, warm snuffles, and silky curls of his sleeping husband, but his better judgment wins and he rises.
I can promise, better times are coming. :)
The two men stand next to Rosie, still sleeping in her isolette. Within a few minutes the same neonatologist from yesterday, Doctor Smithson, drops by on rounds and offers John his hand.
“A thrill I’ve never known, oh yeah….
(See the end of the chapter for
May 17, 2015
“When you told me my deduction about Harry’s phone was amazing and fantastic, I knew you I never wanted to let you go. You stepped in where everyone else had rejected me and with those two words healed wounds created by others gone before you. Others at grade school, secondary, uni, the drug dens, and Scotland Yard. You have no idea, John. I know you are a doctor and that is considered one of the healing arts, but I think you’ve sorely underestimated your ability to heal just by your presence.
*****
In the span of what feels like hours but is more like nine minutes Mary is being wheeled into the operating theatre, neonatologist and newborn nurses on hand, and the surgeons scrubbed and ready. As much blood as is pouring out of her, as much distress as his baby is in now and as much blood as she’s already lost he’s pretty sure they’re going to do what they called in med school a
7 January 2015, 10.13
he thinks to himself.
3.39am
John is so tender with Sherlock's heart.
every night….be the little spoon?” inquires Sherlock.
you sending me those delightful texts,” Sherlock muses. “Should’ve known. No one else could possibly be so....well endowed.”
) John tastes the tiny drop of precome that has gathered at the slit before taking Sherlock all the way into his mouth, no small feat for a man unaccustomed to sucking off blokes, nevermind one with a cock as long as Sherlock’s. John’s hands hold Sherlock’s hips in place, giving him the opportunity to lavish attention on Sherlock for as long as he likes, despite Sherlock’s keening, moaning, and whimpering. John gives Sherlock a few sucks, licking up the length of Sherlock’s cock each time he pulls back to just leave the head in his mouth. After a few repetitions, Sherlock’s cock begins to pulse more precome, which John eagerly swallows.
, he remembers, then feels guilty for thinking she looks like a frog), he thinks she is the most beautiful child he’s ever seen.
“I found a dream that I could speak to….
In the end it is Sherlock who, for the first time in his adult life, tenderly wraps his arms around another man.
January 7, 2016
For the rest of our time together, I promise before all these witnesses to love you in deed as well as in thought and word. I promise to kiss you each morning and each night before bed. I promise to tell you the truth as I know it in all circumstances, to hold nothing back from you. I promise to not hide my vulnerabilities and fears for fear of rejection; I promise to trust you with all of me. I promise to accept all of your fears and vulnerabilities and cherish them as a part of you. I promise to hope all things with you, believe all things are possible when we are together, and endure all manner of things with you by my side.* Today, I give you this ring to wear as a symbol of the promise I have made to bind myself to you forever. John Watson, I love you with every beat of my heart, and for all eternity I will be the most fortunate man alive, for today you become my husband.”
“Hello again, Mister Watson. And this is?” he glances at Sherlock.
John’s fork and his jaw dropped simultaneously as he struggled to find words.
These boys make a promise to each other.
“Ohhhhh god, John, if you do that much more I will not last very long either,” Sherlock moans wantonly.
Mycroft winces perfunctorily in his seat, as if it were an elder brother’s duty to feign distaste at the notion of his younger sibling’s happiness.
“Mister Watson, are you – are you sure about this?” The physician’s eyes widen and his voice cracks a little. He’s never met someone so assuredly apathetic about the death of a spouse.
3) Sherlock’s singing Rosie a French lullaby: “Everyone in town knows/it is time to go to sleep/you’ll be asleep soon” (if you’re a native French speaker and have a better translation please let me know – I used Google translate, and while it makes sense to me, there may be a better way to say it. I welcome your help!)
2) Medical terms are definitely becoming more mainstream with the internet available to more and more people, so I don’t always feel the need to explain every single detail. But put simply, pulse oximetry (or pulse ox) is a quick and noninvasive measure of how well the oxygen-rich blood is being carried to all the tissues in the body. In adults, it’s usually a sensor on a finger, toe, or more rarely, an earlobe. In tiny babies, it’s wrapped around a hand, wrist, or foot. For healthy children and adults, 95% and higher is considered normal. Sometimes in a NICU setting, though, too much oxygen can damage a baby’s delicate tissues and cause long-term problems such as blindness so there is such a thing as too high (especially with premature babies). In this case, given Rosie’s short life expectancy, that is not going to be a concern. If a baby is in distress of any kind, pulse ox can be lower than normal; when the distress resolves, or the baby is feeling super-calm/chilled out, the pulse ox improves to a better percentage.
Thank goodness John’s chair is still where it has been for a while now.
“Sherlock, please stop talking, because I would rather be kissing you. And doing anything else you would like to do right now. I am a grown man, and this is exactly what I want. I want
“The night I came back from Serbia I walked into the restaurant and you literally took my breath away. I was wholly unprepared to realize that you might have moved on to someone else despite the as yet platonic nature of our relationship. Truth be told I’d rather have been whipped a thousand times more than see the ring in the box and the knowledge that you were about to promise yourself to someone else. The wounds on my back that night were nothing compared with my heart being rent in two.”
Sherlock’s eyes scan the paper, clearly trying to make sense of what’s on the paper.
“Yeah, alright. Just….you look bloody gorgeous tonight, and I’d kind of like to unwrap my
John and Sherlock say goodbye.
John Watson has dealt once with believing someone in his life was dead only to find out he was wrong. He wants the coldest hardest proof that Mary is gone. He wants to see her body, lying lifeless on the slab.
John continues to slowly undress me, leaving kisses where my clothes once were, lavishing praise on this body I once viewed only as transport. I am torn between begging him to rush because I want him inside me right this second and wanting the bliss as pure as any I’ve ever injected into my veins to last eternally. My clothes come off entirely and, as he has never done before when we’ve made love, rolls me onto my stomach. I begin to tell him
“John.” It’s all Sherlock can manage.
“Shhhh, I know, love,” John whispers between the lightest of damp kisses all down Sherlock’s neck. “I know you…. by heart….remember?...You don’t have to…. explain a thing. I’ve been….aching to have you ever since…. we set foot in here…..and seeing someone else that close to you….. just makes me want you even more.”
John’s not sure if he imagined a slight smirk on Sherlock’s face as he served John his piece of birthday cake, having apparently found the perfect slicing location. “Thank you, love.” John might have been in the mood for more than cake but he wasn’t going to abandon basic table manners.
I reach a point where I can take no more anticipation, and John must read my mind, because he begins to thrust more deeply and forcefully, and it is gloriously overwhelming. I am rendered speechless; the only utterances I can make are moans and gasps of the most primal sort. Within a few short minutes a blaze unlike any I’ve ever experienced prior ignites within me, and I cannot help but touch own cock. My other hand is around John’s neck, pulling him into a kiss that will bruise my face, and my legs are opened as widely as humanly possible to allow him to reach deeply into my body, while my ankles are clasped behind his back to keep him close to me. I can feel that John is nearing orgasm by the way he begins to shudder above me; he thrusts and thrusts while kissing me and moaning my name. When he finally comes, I can feel his cock shuddering against my prostate, and that is my tipping point. If I could physically explode I would. Pleasure the likes of which I’ve never experienced rocks throughout my body, and my cock spurts warm thick streams of come over my abdomen. After what feels like ages but can’t be more than a minute the strongest waves are over and I begin to come down from the most fantastic high I’ve ever experienced. Sex with John Watson is better than anything I’ve ever ingested, injected, or snorted. Gauging by the blissed-out smile and sighs from my husband lying on top of me, I think he might agree.
“At last, my love has come along….”
The rest of the guest list is short but full of meaning for both men. Harry, Greg, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Angelo, Billy Wiggins, Mycroft, Mike Stamford, and Mummy and Daddy Holmes.
John leaves to go to the loo and grab a cup of tea at the café downstairs. On the way back up to intensive care he gets stopped in the hallway and chatted up by the nurse who has been caring for Rosie since her admission to the unit. He is about to round the corner to Rosie’s bedspace when he hears Sherlock talking softly to her.
“John,” Sholto says softly to me, almost inaudibly, “I’m glad to see you happy again.” With his good arm he takes my hand.
“Sherlock, what is this? Tell me, because I have no idea what you’re talking about.” John grabs Sherlock by the biceps and forces him to make eye contact.
If he’s completely honest with himself he couldn’t care less about Mary. If he’s
Also, you will see that I stuck with S4 nickname of Rosie, but I didn’t stick with Rosamund as her given name. Just couldn’t do it.
“Shall we find a way to make it a good morning, then?” Sherlock smirks. He kisses his way down John’s chest and bites at one of John’s nipples before licking at it to soothe, and is rewarded by John’s hand in his hair giving it a good yank.
We’ve hired a concert band to play the music, but he doesn’t know what song I’ve chosen for our first dance; I’ve only promised him that he’ll know how to dance to it. Come to think of it, there’s not much that that gorgeous man
If discussion of end-of-life care bothers you, or if the thought of having this discussion about a baby bothers you, feel free to skip. If you believe it is unfair that this sort of thing happens, I completely agree with you. If I ran the world it never would.
Sherlock squeals like a child in a sweets shop and smiles with his entire body at the thought.
“What I am saying is, I think it is time for you to consider allowing us to remove all of Rosie’s life support and focus on keeping her comfortable until she passes away. Of the two options we have, I believe this is the kinder one.”
No regrets. Only the two of us against the world from here on out.
, could I? I was absolutely shattered. So I took it out on you with my fists, and I’m so sorry, Sherlock. God, I’m sorry for being such a dick.
*************
“Use my mouth, John. Fuck it. Take what you need and come down my throat.”
“Mister Watson, you have been here most of the day. You are always welcome here, but you’ve had a right long day already and have fallen asleep here with baby Rosalie. It’s quite alright for you to go home to rest. Rosie needs you to be at your best, and you won’t be at your best if you don’t rest well and take care of yourself too. If you’ll give us your mobile number we will be able to call you with any changes or updates.”
John is zipping his jacket when Sherlock looks up from the sofa, the question in his eyes before it leaves his mouth. “Do you want me to go back to hospital with you, John?”
“I am sure Mrs. Hudson would love to see her,” Sherlock supplies, trying to be helpful.
The world outside goes on about its quotidian affairs, and Rosie is still dying, but these two have found one another.
“Second, I want you to know she is stable for the moment but her condition is very very critical. Your wife lost a great deal of blood before giving birth, which in turn severely compromised your daughter’s –
I lean into him to kiss his nipples and he warns me that he will not last long if I keep that up.
“Yes, Sherlock. Let me get this all out now, because I have finally worked up the nerve and we’ve gone too long without saying these things, and I don’t want to waste another moment and not say it. I….love you. I have never loved anyone the way I love you. From the moment I saw you I thought you were the most beautiful being I’d ever laid eyes on. Like you were from another universe, you were so spectacularly gorgeous. And when you deduced my life story, I was captivated by your brilliance.
We could have a pissing match over who’s the bigger romantic here, but that’s not really the point. I love you, Sherlock Holmes, and I am going to ask you to be my husband. I want the rest of my forever to be with you.
It’s only after several minutes that Sherlock pulls away, a glint in his eye, and gives his answer.
Sherlock bites his lips, looks away from John’s gaze, and husks out, “Well….no.”
. I can’t take this any longer, I need to come. Please let me come,
has John’s trousers open and is working on his zip while leaning into his husband’s ear and whispering , “It doesn’t seem to be fair for me to be the only one exposed here. If we are going to misbehave, I suggest we do so together. Now, I will face the door and I hope you take the hint and shag me as hard as you can. You’ll see I’ve already…..prepared. Reach into my pocket. What you find may come in handy.”
“I see it. I see it now. Everything you have ever done, every choice you’ve ever made, has been because you’ve been trying to protect me.
John bucks his hips and Sherlock swallows John’s girth to the root, licking and sucking at a punishing pace. Between Sherlock Holmes knowing what to do with a big cock and John Watson fucking Sherlock’s mouth, it isn’t long before John comes, alternately cursing and shouting Sherlock’s name. Sherlock swallows John’s come like a man who hasn’t eaten all week.
, he whispers, a misty gleam in his eye.
“Right. Good. Now, how
He kisses down the length of my stomach and worships my cock. Oh god, I have to hold back my instinct to thrust into his mouth. I could orgasm from this alone. John Watson’s tongue is magic. He moves down to my perineum, all the while caressing my legs and hips and licks gently under my balls.
. I cannot fathom that something I want so much with a man to whom I would give my soul can possibly hurt, but I trust my beloved John.
“Well, off come your trousers, then, while I’m still vertical,” laughs John. He leans back down to bracket Sherlock between his elbows and knees as he kisses over Sherlock’s flank, belly, and grazes over both nipples. Replicating his previous reaction, Sherlock moans more loudly than the first time and wraps his arms and legs around John above him, pulling John down so that John’s entire weight now rests deliciously on Sherlock’s torso and cock.
He doesn’t say much when he gets home, but Sherlock loves him and Sherlock knows he will need to eat and will not want to talk. Sherlock has prepared some chicken and rice and left it warm on the stove. When John trudges up the stairs, Sherlock moves to his violin and begins to play something soft and sweet, a tender embrace writ on a treble clef. True to form, John toes off his shoes and sinks wordlessly down upon the sofa, where he leans his head against the back and sits unmoving for nearly twenty minutes.
5) I think the evidence points toward no prep being better than the so-called splash-and-slash (what a terrible term, really), but since this is supposed to be from 2015 I don’t think we had seen that evidence yet. I’m trying to keep out as many anachronisms as possible.
Sherlock has two. “What exactly will you do to help her stay comfortable? What sorts of options do we have?”
*************
“Of course they’ll let you if I say it’s okay….and I say it’s okay. Remind me when we get there to ask. Not like you’re going to let me forget.”
"I am sorry, John."
“What I encourage you to do in the next few hours is take some time to process all this, and when you’re ready, visit her as much as you can. She is unable to see and hear at full capacity, but she will recognize your presence and that will be good for both of you. I know this is a lot to process right now. Do you have any questions?”
“Rosie.” Sherlock wraps the name around his tongue, trying it out, the faintest smile playing around his lips and eyes misting over. “Your daughter.”
“You’re crying. What did I do wrong, John?” Sherlock sits up, wide-eyed.
This Elton John song has always been something I think they'd play or sing to each other on their wedding night. It's a gorgeous song, full of love and admiration for the beloved, which in this case is both men.
“What I didn’t see then – and what I’m thrilled to be able to say now – is that you’re also the love of my life, the other half of my soul, the only one who has been able to reassemble the broken pieces of my heart and my life. And now, it is my absolute privilege to declare it to you in front of the people who are most important to us.
Sherlock’s body is warm and soft and everything John thinks home should be. John pulls his head back to get a good gander at Sherlock’s boyish sleeping face, thinking
“Happiest of birthdays, John. There are precisely forty-four candles lit between the kitchen, sitting room, and our bedroom. One for every trip you’ve made around the sun. And before you say anything, I am now
John was pleasantly surprised at the apparent skill his flatmate-turned-soulmate possessed with an oven and some stolen cake pans. Fluffy and moist, icing not too rich, and nothing too sickeningly sweet.
John takes a deep breath and lays his hands out in a peace offering. “Ok, let’s try this again. We need to talk. You and me. Both of us. Because I am pretty certain there are things you need to tell me and I know there are things I need to tell you.
Sherlock glances down at sleeping Rosie and casts a sideways glance at the nurse on the other side of the isolette, who nods her assent with John’s statement. The faintest of smiles creeps into Sherlock’s countenance and his shoulders visibly relax.
“John, she is…she looks so much like you. No wonder you wanted me here so you could show her off.”
John is usually a pretty sound sleeper these days. Marrying Sherlock is without a doubt the best decision he’s ever made. Thanks to Sherlock, the screaming, bleeding, dying boys - the ones he couldn’t save in Afghanistan - rarely visit him in nightmares anymore.
******
“Sherlock Holmes,” responds Sherlock, offering the physician his hand.
Do you know how much I’ve missed you?
Sherlock gasps and stutters.
I guess I should take the chance and thank you for something else too, sweetheart. You helped me find the love of my life. While you were still alive, he went with me to the nursery, held you, and sang to you. I overheard him saying some things to you that I don’t know if he’d ever have said to me, and because of that, we have realized how very much we love each other. Thank you, my darling Rosie, for bringing your papa Sherlock back into my life. He loved you as much as I do, if not more.
he adds to himself
“No, Sherlock. Gone as in dead. Bled to death in theatre after four hours of trying to save her.”
screams John’s internal monologue. His mouth manages to croakily whisper, “No, Doctor. That’s pretty clear. Thanks.”
“I stayed shattered. I had to pretend. That I was happy with Mary. That I was thrilled to be married. That her pregnancy was good news. My nightmares came back. I couldn’t sleep in the same bed with her and not think of you. It has all been a charade.
John is still not over the bedroom eyes Sherlock had thrown at him behind Anderson’s back whilst they sorted out a case at the Yard. It had made John all kinds of hard with nowhere to go for his husband to take care of it for him. So he grabs his phone, snaps a few – ahem, selfies (
I was certain I would not sleep, but three hours later, we awaken in the flat still dressed in the suits we wore at the wedding. My husband lies sleeping next to me and I prop myself on my elbow to watch him, mesmerised. His face is always devastatingly handsome, but in sleep he is almost boyish. I imagine what our lives would have been like had we met twenty years sooner, what we would have been capable of, and I lay one hand over his face as if to verify that he is still there and still mine whilst wistfully thinking of the what-ifs.
John slides a finger into his trouser pocket while chewing the last bite of food on his plate.
Tooth rotting fluff and sweetness.
“Gone? Where?”
The table has been cleared of all the banal detritus of daily living and experimentation and has been set with two beeswax candles. There is a bowl of lemon garlic pasta in the centre of the table, and John has managed to find matching plates, flatware, and wine glasses containing some pricey white wine.
, I say.
I’m still trying to figure out what to do now that you’re gone. I go between being angry at God - I’m not sure if He exists or not, but I guess it gives me someone to be mad at – and being relieved that you’re not suffering anymore and being grateful that you showed up in my life at all. You gave me the chance to be a dad. I don’t know if I got it all right or not, but I tried, Rosie. I tried as much as I could to do what I thought was right for you.
6 January 2015, 09.37, St. Mary’s Hospital
Francium Vanadium Erbium?
I have never seen anyone be more in love with another human being than your daddy was when he was with you. When I first met your dad, I didn’t think it was possible for him to be any more beautiful, until I saw him holding you on his chest when you were just hours old. He looked at you as if you were a gift from the gods of every universe.
It is only here that John interrupts.
From the window Sherlock sees the cab pull up and is down the stairs and has the door to 221B open before John can retrieve his meagre belongings, pay his fare, and step away from the kerb. Sherlock can’t quite put it into words, but John has aged a decade in a day, and Sherlock fights to regain his composure.
Numb in heart, mind and body, and eyes glazed over, John Watson shuffles to the family waiting area and grabs a cub of stale coffee. It tastes like a mixture of hot water and sweaty feet but it’ll have to suffice.
5 January 6.37am
While as a physician he very much believed that access to abortion was both a person’s right as well as a public health issue, he knew Mary well enough to know that she wouldn’t consider it in this situation. So, plan B. A baby certainly made it more difficult to do what he’d been planning to do – and that was have their marriage annulled on grounds of voidability. Not that he still couldn’t have done it legally – there was probably a case to be made for coercion – but he didn’t want to imagine a world where Mary might use his child against him if anything were to go sideways down the road. Plan C? Stay with her, if only temporarily. It wasn’t a good option, but in a life that had so far not been so kind to John Watson as to offer him good options, staying with Mary had been the least terrible. Like a soldier, he’d thought. And he’d stood, squared his shoulders, and gone in to lie down beside his wife.
“You prat. I am in…..in love with you. Be-…..be husbands forever?” His voice cracks and his eyes fill with tears as he reads the last phrase.
so she wanders into the flat yoo-hooing and searching for John’s fiance’. Martha Hudson’s heart fills with tenderness and her eyes with tears when she finds him, the son to whom she did not give birth, in front of the full-length mirror in his bedroom, not a hair out of place. His custom-tailored black trousers and soft white dress shirt fit him perfectly; Sherlock looks younger than his forty years, and
Some bittersweet fluff in the midst of all the whump.
Now that Sherlock’s shirt is off, John sits back up on his haunches, straddling Sherlock’s hips and admiring Sherlock’s chest and torso. He gently passes his hands over Sherlock’s pectorals, abdomen, and flanks, stopping briefly at the scar that reminds him of what he’d almost lost
“John, it smells so delightful in here, even
The answer seems to satisfy Sherlock. Owing to his medical background, John has no questions, and if he does, he is too emotionally wrung out, bone-deep exhausted, to know what to ask right now.
Rebecca stands quietly by Rosie and her fathers as Doctor Smithson explains what the nurses have no doubt heard many times over. He explains that Rosie’s life support will be gently and gradually withdrawn, starting with the most invasive and ending with the least invasive, in order that her final time on earth be as comfortable as possible for as long as possible. In Rosie’s case, this means the endotracheal tube connecting her to a ventilator will be removed first, followed by her cardiac leads and pulse oximetry probe, and lastly the intravenous line going into her umbilical vein giving her the medications that have been maintaining her blood pressure. Any medications needed from here on out will be given in small amounts under Rosie’s tongue to be absorbed into her system. The doctors and nurses silently pray that she will not need any medications, that her death will happen quickly and peacefully. John and Sherlock would too, if they prayed or knew what to pray for.
For the sake of our guests, I dip him at the end, which is interesting with him being taller than me, but like everything else we do, we make it work. I pull him up, gather his curls in my hands, and place the softest kiss on his lips. I see the hungry surprise in his eyes when I slip in just a tiny bit of tongue to remind him that this day is far from over and there’s way more where that kiss came from.
The obstetrician, a lean chin-stubbled salt-and-pepper man in his 60s with glasses too big for his face and who probably hasn’t brushed his hair yet that day, greets John grimly. John knows the look, has done this so many times.
“The only reason I married Mary in the first place was that I didn’t think you felt things that way. So you have to understand, Sherlock, I have been in love with you for a very long time now.
– heart, and kidneys. We don’t know exactly how long this went on in utero but in order to stabilise her blood pressure and heart rate we had to give her both fluids and blood via an IV we’ve placed in a vein in her umbilical vein. We hope to be able to make up for the blood she lost via her mother’s placenta prior to delivery.
22.43pm
“Sherlock, god, this is fantastic. I want you so much. God, you’ve no idea,” John pants out as they frot against each other.
“Well….of course. I don’t see why not. Babies and their parents benefit so much from kangarooing. I’ll get Rosie’s nurse so she can make sure any other bit of Rosie’s care is complete so you can have uninterrupted skin to skin time.” Rosie’s nurse peeks her head around the corner where she is attending another baby at the moment and asks them to give her a few minutes and she'll be right there.
Once at the hospital, John fingers the contents of his pocket one final time.
Sherlock and John step out of the cab and head into St. Mary’s, unconsciously synchronising their steps. Thankfully they are alone in the lift. John has only had slightly more than a day to memorise the NICU’s location, but he feels as though knows this hospital like he knows his pockets.
(See the end of the chapter for
As they continue to kiss, soft tongues and lips exploring one another, John has no choice but to pull Sherlock closer to him in order to taste as much of this man as he can. Despite the exhaustion that sinks into his marrow, he finds himself more than willing to continue kissing Sherlock for as long as Sherlock will allow himself to be kissed. John removes one hand from Sherlock’s back and brings it around to the nape of Sherlock’s neck in order to make it clear that he enthusiastically wishes his tongue to remain in Sherlock’s mouth for the time being.
“Wait, what, Sherlock? Wounds. On. Your. Back?”
But he recognizes the absolute incongruity of this situation, the exhaustion mixed with the boiling rage, and
Despite the inflection in John’s voice, it is more a statement than a question. Sherlock walks forward and John backward, for they do not want to let go of nor stop kissing one another for the ten-step trek to Sherlock’s –
“John Watson, you complete me. Before there was you, I was vaguely aware of the notion of deep intimacy between humans but mostly believed it had little application to my own life. I believed myself to be above the need to share the thoughts and activities of my days, and the more intimate processes of the night with another person. The day we met, I realised how very wrong I had been. You have been, without a doubt, the best thing that has ever happened to me, even before we realised that we were arse over tits – can I say that in a public setting? Of course I can, it’s my wedding – for one another. You are the other half of my heart and soul walking around in human flesh.
For the rest of their days, from Baker Street the next morning to Sussex in old age, they will awaken in the morning and face the day. Together.
I tell him. He continues to lavish praise on my body and I am dizzy with love and lust. I ask him if he can add a third finger because I am ready to be done with preparation; I want John’s cock.
6 January, 2015 17.58pm
Sherlock’s coming undone here, he isn’t sure which way to go. Go backward to John and John’s cock brushes against that beautiful bundle of nerves deep inside, and forward to fuck into John’s hand, the pre-come slicking him up just enough to build friction, John’s wedding band rolling against his shaft and frenulum and heightening what is already an impossibly glorious sensation.
Sherlock rushes a bit to tidy up the flat, reminiscent of their first meeting, when he’d shuffled a few papers around and called it good.
It bears John’s distinctive, endearingly atrocious, barely legible physician’s scrawl.
4) Kangaroo or ‘skin to skin’ care is THE COOLEST THING EVER. It’s called kangarooing because it sort of mimics the way mother kangaroos hold their joeys close to their bodies for warmth and stability while they grow and eat. In hospitals in parts of the world where isolettes and warmers are not readily available, tiny babies are held close to their mother or other relative so they don't spend energy trying to keep themselves warm, and they can use that energy to grow! Healthy stable babies should go skin-to-skin as soon after birth as possible and should stay there for a while - it eases the transition from inside a uterus to outside. In a NICU setting, as soon as baby is stable, kangarooing is encouraged because there have been numerous studies demonstrating that babies who kangaroo with their parents are calmer, sleep better, grow more quickly, have better cognitive development, and just all-around do better than babies who don’t. It’s good for parents, too! Parents are able to participate more in their babies’ care, and it promotes all the neurochemicals/hormones of bonding, so it’s just a great thing to be able to do when possible. It’s possible a lot more than people realize, even with tubes and IV lines and stuff, just depends on the baby.
“You need to eat,” rumbles the baritone without moving, jiggling John’s thoughts from left field and into the present.
punched the bloke’s lights out, but he still takes none too kindly to anyone who would dare harass the man he loves. Knowing Sherlock’s past as he does puts his protective instincts into overdrive and John Watson will not tolerate another minute of the man’s advances. “Excuse me,” John glares at the interloper and issues his missive over the din and the lights and the sweat and the bodies, “but this insufferable beauty with Caribbean eyes is with
Dr. Smithson reassures John that he is far from the first father to buckle in the knees at the burden of words dispensed by a stranger.
From that chance meeting grew a steady friendship that had seen Mrs. Hudson moving home to England and starting a new life, free and safe. They had maintained contact while Sherlock had been in and out of drug rehabilitation centres, and when Sherlock was kicked out of his flat on Montague Street, well, Martha Hudson would rather sleep naked in a metre of snow than let that young man be homeless. She marched down to his favourite sweets shop, bought some raspberry tarts, and walked the streets until she found him huddled behind a set of bins outside a restaurant eating food he’d scavenged. She’d yanked him – lovingly – by the arm and walked him several kilometres back to her Baker Street flat, where she’d made him a cuppa, served him a tart, and told him that from now on he would be her tenant at 221B. They’d work out the rent details later.
John hadn’t planned on being a dad just yet, and he’d always taken precautions to make sure that wouldn’t happen. Even after he and Mary were engaged, he’d made sure they used condoms every time, even though they really didn’t have sex all that frequently. Mary wanted to, surprisingly often, but John had had a difficult time putting his whole heart into the act.
A pindrop would’ve been louder for the silence that engulfs the flat for a few seconds before John responds. “You….want to hold my daughter? Skin to skin?” John is incredulous. “Was
Sherlock picks up the petri dishes and lays them back down, then the tongs, the graduated cylinders, the beakers, the safety goggles, then the container of eyeballs, and all the other pieces Molly has found for Sherlock’s perusal. He is honestly not sure what to pick up first, and of course he wants to take it all home. “This is quality equipment; dreadful for them that they can’t use it, but excellent for my plans at home,” Sherlock muses with a grin spread from ear to ear.
One particularly emotional day about a month after Rosie has died, John visits Rosie’s grave alone. He has a few things to say to her and he keeps the words between the two of them. Sherlock knows that, for whatever reason, this visit will be a particularly difficult one, because John has asked to go by himself. Because he loves John, Sherlock complies without questioning. John goes alone.
nice.”
“When we met that day at Bart’s those many years ago, you captivated me like no one else ever has. I saw you and I knew that my life would be irrevocably changed. But I had grown so accustomed to being alone, I had no reference point for what I felt anymore.
While John’s distracted talking with the nurse, Sherlock has already moved on and found Rosie’s isolette. Thankfully there is only one Watson, Baby Girl in the NICU at the moment. If Rosie is altogether lovely on her own, the sight of Sherlock bent down eye-level by her isolette, gazing at her and whispering things John can’t hear, well….he knows. He has never said it out loud to anyone, but he knows.
scribbling internal chaos that is mourning.
“Sherlock Holmes, I love you. I have known it from the moment we met. I had seen years of war, violence, and death, and it had broken me. Broken beyond repair, and then came you, right here where we’re standing. You bound up wounds that were fresh from Afghanistan, and since then you’ve been beside me, always beside me, holding me together, even when I was too blind or too self-absorbed to see what you were doing.
“Yttrium Einsteinium.”
Yttrium Oxygen Uranium
-  SH
“John….you can hurry this up if you’re as exhausted as you mentioned earlier,” Sherlock breathes out. It’s clear he’s struggling to keep control of his voice.
The bedroom curtains are open and the sunlight peeks through the window panes but Sherlock is sure the warmth is from within as he holds John’s face close to his own heart, John’s fresh tears hot against his skin. He wants to preserve this moment forever on a slide for later microanalysis, but he isn’t finished talking, and he knows there is at least one more thing he needs to tell John.
“John!” he gasps, flushed and breathless. “Here? In front of all these people?!”
, John chuckles to himself as he reads the text and continues messing about in the kitchen, but not before responding.
They stumble into Baker Street dead on their feet, emotionally drained at the day’s events, but there are things they must confront before they go back to the hospital, where they know they will be asked to say goodbye to Rosie. John has asked the doctors and nurses to give them a night for them to come to terms with it. Grieving on a night of rest will undoubtedly be slightly easier.
, he muses,
- and Victoria places it on the ground in front of Sherlock, who wastes no time in applying all six feet, one hundred eighty pounds of himself into smashing the goblet into infinitesimal crystalline shards. John gazes at Sherlock and thinks Sherlock’s smile at successfully smashing the past could light a thousand candles in the night.
Sherlock pours his emotions into his violin, the slide of the bow over the strings saying to John and the universe whatever he needs to express. Some days he plays a requiem for Rosie, and some days he plays a lively Mozart piece. Though he does not believe in an afterlife per se, he does believe in the conservation of energy, and believes that the matter and energy that once was Rosie Watson lives on somewhere. On days when he knows he needs to, he writes his love for John into an on-the-spot improvisation, for despite the fact that these men have one another memorized, love is sometimes easier for them to show than to say.
John knows beyond all doubt that he is home. Come what may, Baker Street is where he knows he is most at ease.
, Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock does that half-sigh-half-giggle thing he does that John adores, and Sherlock whispers into his ear, “Pick something and surprise me. That is,
The hospital staff are quite used to dealing with all manner of family dynamics, and hospital policy dictates they support diverse family situations, but they do like to at least have a clear understanding of who is what to whom so they can render proper care and address family members correctly. But if they’re honest none of them are quite sure what to make of the family dynamics here. They know – because newborn charts contain some maternal information – that Rosie’s mother died during delivery and that her father is here, but none of them are quite sure what to make of Sherlock Holmes at Rosie’s bedside. Is he here for moral support as John’s best friend? A caring uncle or godfather? Except for today. The unadulterated adoration in Sherlock’s eyes as he covers Rosie in blankets and kisses her forehead then moves to kiss John as well leaves no room for doubt.
John reels under the weight of those words. As a physician he knows them but as a father it is too much.
It does not surprise me when Sholto lets go of my hand to take Sherlock’s. “You are a lucky man, Mr. Holmes-Watson. I wish you all the best.”
“Maybe once or twice, but I’ll always let you say it again,” I whisper in his ear, just a ghost of a breath.
John’s physician brain knows Rosie cannot see or hear owing to the missing parts of her brain vital to those functions. He has a father’s heart, though, and gazes at her and tells her what she means to him. He has fallen hard. Deeply. Madly. In love with this little girl whose tiny fingers struggle to wrap around his.  They stay that way for well more than the hour the nurse had originally asked of John.
Lutetium Vanadium
Weeks later after another lovemaking session he will pour out to Sherlock how he’s wanted to put his mouth on another bloke for years, decades even, and once he met Sherlock he was sure that was the bloke he’d dreamt about. For now, John weeps at just how fantastic it is to know that he’s where he’s meant to be. Despite whatever shitshow may be occurring roundabout them, whatever else they may yet have to deal with, the cosmic tumblers have finally clicked into place and allowed these two souls in this universe to find one another.
– and with teary eyes begins to speak, knowing his words will be wholly inadequate but he can’t not say it out loud. Not after so many years of leaving words unsaid, no. He will do his damnedest, even if his voice shakes.
, John thinks – inherited his nose and chin. His heart no longer beats in his chest, no. His heart is lying here, venous line in her umbilical cord stump and a hand-crocheted hat covering her head where her brain should be. Despite the rather froglike appearance of this baby (
. I will warn you only once to step away from
*****************
Sherlock beams at me, then back at Sholto. “I don't believe in luck, but I am indeed a lucky man. Thank you for taking care of John’s heart before I got to it.”
(More happiness is coming, I promise.)
Please. Talk to me like I have no idea what’s going on
I am absolutely in love with the Jewish concept of tikkun olam, which literally means ‘repairing the world.’ As best I understand it, how broadly this is interpreted depends upon the congregation and/or branch, with a wide variation. There are books upon books written about this, so a few sentences isn’t nearly enough to explain it well, but one of the most basic tenets involves human responsibility for fixing what is wrong, broken, or unjust in the world. In my headcanon, Victoria officiates queer weddings for free because for so long her queer community was unable to marry legally; now that legal impediments are no longer present, she believes cost should not be a factor either. (If you are Jewish and want to comment and add to/correct this, please feel free!)
In seriousness, I loved you from the moment we met, and will love you until my last breath. I promise to be tender and careful with your heart. I promise to never play games with it, or with you. For the rest of the time we have together, I want to make you as happy as you have made me today. I’ll cherish, protect, and honor our bond. I’m thrilled that today you’ve become my husband and it gives me equal joy that today I become yours. I’m giving you this ring today so that no matter where we are in the world, whether we are together or apart, you will have this physical reminder for all the world to see that you have a husband who will love you until the end of time. Sherlock Holmes, thank you for loving me. Thank you for allowing me into your life. And today-“ John’s voice cracks but he is determined to finish “-thank you for becoming my husband. I love you.”
12.05pm
“I have wanted nothing to do with Mary for a long time, but when she shot you, that sealed the deal. Any chance that I’d have loved her in any way went out the window that night. I lost you once when you jumped, and when I thought I’d lost you again after she shot you, I just….I couldn’t forgive her. No bloody way.
“Mister Watson, I presume?” the physician greets him with a long sigh.
John’s mouth and tongue pressing ever so lightly on about two centimetres of Sherlock’s exposed collarbone and within a millisecond Sherlock’s warm breath ghosting over John’s ear, Sherlock’s body pressed in
Then, when I held you myself, I finally understood – I think – what it means for a parent to love a child. Of course I did not birth you, nor did you carry any of my DNA, but the moment your tiny fingers curled around mine, I knew I’d have killed or died for you, paid any price to see you happy. I loved- love you more than I can articulate here. You were beautiful beyond description. I do not know what happens after death, as I’ve no evidence by which to judge the matter. I do believe that you’re no longer suffering, for which I can only be grateful. Your dad and I tried our best to ensure that you stayed comfortable while you were alive. You alone can judge that, wherever you are.
– bedroom. Sherlock closes the bedroom door behind them with one foot, and John presses him up against the door, the two of them breathless and flushed.
He slides inside me ever so slowly, a look of wonder and amazement on his face. For my part, I am ready to cry, not from pain, but from joy.
“Excellent questions. For starters, all babies are kept warm in utero, and anything we can do to recreate the uterine environment will, we believe, help Rosie feel more comfortable. We can use heated blankets to help her stay warm, we can swaddle her if you want us to so that she feels secure, and we will not do any more procedures to her. No more poking, prodding, and definitely zero needles. If she displays signs of pain, or if it looks like she is working hard to breathe, we can give her a small dose of oral morphine to ease both the pain and the work of breathing. Of course, the best source of comfort will be for her to be held and loved by her family. She can stay skin to skin, just like she is with you now, Mister Holmes, for as long as you and her father want. In any case, she will sense your presence when you are close to her, so we encourage unlimited family presence.”
“The second thing I need you to know is that earlier today while we were visiting Rosie, I got held back talking to one of the nurses and as I came back round the corner you were sat whispering to Rosie.”
, I tell him,
“Well, don’t let me stop you chaps,” chuckles Victoria. “You are now free to share your first kiss of many as husbands.”
day, Sherlock Holmes, and I’d be worried about you if you
After swallowing the last pulse of come, John pulls off, tells Sherlock how utterly gorgeous he is when he comes, and leans up to kiss Sherlock’s mouth, bracketing his body around Sherlock’s, when he realizes that he’s crying. He kisses Sherlock, the salt of Sherlock’s come and the salt of his own tears mingling on their lips. They kiss like this for what feels like forever.
“Mister Watson?” the physican calls.
His countenance changes from playful to serious. Not the type of serious where someone is in dire trouble, but the type where he wants Sherlock to pay close attention to his spoken words.
“Sherlock, stop there,” John responds
John gently undresses Sherlock and guides him into the shower, where he allows John to wash him from head to toe. He stays silently under the warm water whilst John washes up, and they change into clean pyjamas. By the end of the evening Sherlock is bone-deep exhausted, and John meets no resistance when he guides Sherlock to their bed. Tonight it is Sherlock’s turn to be the little spoon despite their height difference. John curls into bed behind him, resting his chin on Sherlock’s shoulder and wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s taut abdomen. The warmth of their adjacent bodies lulls Sherlock into sleep almost as soon as his eyes close and his head touches the pillow.
“Whatever it is, just bloody tell me.” John is not in the mood for dancing around anything right now.
, John thinks affectionately – and spreads it over Rosie and John before planting a kiss on both their foreheads.
Sherlock gently untangles his limbs from John, allowing both men to sit up just a little in the bed. He rearranges himself so that he is lying with his head on John’s chest, John’s left arm wrapped around Sherlock’s torso and lying flat against his chest directly above his heart.
“As you both know, your sweet Rosie has anencephaly, which in her case means she is missing the upper parts of her skull and brain. Normally when a baby has anencephaly, we would never have done all the things we did at delivery to resuscitate her; we would have kept her comfortable but we wouldn’t have taken extraordinary measures.  We’d have allowed nature to take its course while Rosie stayed in your arms. The reason we did what we did was to allow you to see her alive because you were not able to be present at her birth, since her mother was in theatre under general anaesthesia.
As far as John's concerned that bit is settled. Mary is
In the inkiest black thoughts that crowd his mind at the moment, John is of a mind to not ring for anyone. He is completely unready to deal with the implications of this at the moment, but he’s far more prepared to see Mary die than he was – ever will be – prepared to live without Sherlock.
John drops his bag and flops down on the sofa.
Again, the sensation of being stretched is new and I breathe deeply to become accustomed to two fingers. John is a considerate lover, and asks me over and over if I am alright.
have you managed to not burn down the entire block?”
“I’m Doctor Bell, the obstetric surgeon. I have something to tell you, but I need you to be sitting down. Mr. Watson….your wife…..” the grizzled physician stumbles over his words.
John startles awake and heads down to the kitchen to find Sherlock fully dressed and sitting at the table, hands steepled, ostensibly in deep thought over something. A cup of tea and two pieces of toast sit across the table from him.
John gently rolls me back over, and I take advantage of the opportunity to sit up and begin divesting him of his clothing. My hands are trembling and I am not nearly as agile at this as he is; there is a good bit of button fumbling involved, but soon enough he is completely nude as well. For a moment we pause and drink in the moment, gazing at one another’s naked bodies, in awe of the beauty of the love we share. We’ve seen one another naked many times by now, but this time feels different – more profound, more intimate.
1) Lots of hospital units where babies are involved require a 3-minute hand scrub, just like you see in the movies before a surgeon operates. A NICU has lots of babies with nonexistent/immature immune systems, so this is to try and protect those babies. Everyone who enters the unit – parents and staff alike – are required to clean their hands and arms up to their elbows to help protect the tiny patients from infections.
***************
Sherlock stares at the paper momentarily.
. This is far better than I had imagined. As if on cue, John picks up the pace and changes his angle just a bit, and I could fall apart in his arms. The combination of John being inside me, hitting my prostate, and today being the day he became my husband makes me feel….almost radioactive. Alive. Like I could melt into earth and someone would find my remains in a century, still glowing. He rocks inside me, bringing me almost to the edge of orgasm before slowing down and kissing me again. My scrotum hangs full and heavy over where John’s cock is inside me, and the warmth of my prostate is indescribable.
But watching you with Rosie, and watching you grieve her, Sherlock. It has made me realise just how much I don’t ever want to live without you but I may have to one day. You know, we do dangerous work. If one of us were to die right now, I would live forever regretting that I didn’t tangibly show you just what you mean to me. I want you to know – I want everyone to know – that you are the other half of my soul and that I’d follow you into the gates of hell itself if you needed me to. You have died and come back – twice – for me. It’s a debt I can’t repay but I am bloody well going to spend the rest of our lives trying. I want you to go to your grave knowing that you are the first, best, and only person in this world for me.
This is the happiness we all deserve after so much pain. It's still a little bittersweet, but there is definite reward here. :)
*************
“Some data are worth remembering.” Sherlock’s eyes and lips dance in the early morning sunlight cast through the open curtains.
honest, he never really loved her enough to marry her; she was good for him when they met, or so he’d thought at the time, but she wasn’t the great love of his life. Any shred of affection he’d retained, any hope for her redemption, had evaporated with the bullet that had almost killed Sherlock. The only person in hospital he gives a shit about right now is the tiny girl whom he has yet to meet, whose life is currently in someone else’s hands.
Exactly forty-five minutes later, Sherlock is reclined shirtless in the same chair John had sat in earlier, cuddling Rosie under a warm blanket like that’s all he was born to do. John whips out his phone to record and take pictures, as much to relive the warmth in his chest later at the beauty of his daughter and his best friend snuggled together as to prove to Lestrade that Sherlock Holmes had successfully held a newborn. If he thinks a few thoughts about how undeniably gorgeous Sherlock is in the process, he keeps them to himself but does not deny their presence.
*************
It started when he had happened across a blurb in the New York Times online about her husband’s prosecution; he had pulled some strings, flown to Miami, and wound his way into the United States district courtroom. After several days’ testimony, he correctly deduced that Mister Hudson was a much bigger fish than even the prosecution team knew, and after sitting in on several days of hearings, Sherlock worked up the courage to go to them during a court recess and point out to them several key factors they had overlooked. So impressed were they that they allowed him to interview Martha (as she introduced herself to him at the time), and before the interview was over he deduced that she was a survivor of his drunken tirades and near-constant verbal and physical abuse for the better part of three decades. Sherlock saw the case through until the conniving, wife-beating bastard was out of sight and out of existence.
Parents whose children have just died need space to say goodbye, Rebecca knows, so she watches them from a few feet away but does not move or speak until they turn to her to ask what the next steps are.
John and Sherlock visit Rosie again. There is an extremely difficult discussion to be had and John has to make a decision no parent should ever have to make.
He hears the neonatologist’s words but internally he’s flailing for air underwater, weighted down, and unable to surface. John Watson can only deal with so much at once, and this is his breaking point. He collapses on the ground, hyperventilating, moaning a sort of primal, guttural sound the neonatologist has heard before when parents realize their child is going to die.
John grabs Sherlock by the sides of his shirt just above his trouser waistband, presses their groins together and slowly, methodically, never taking his eyes off Sherlock’s lips, backs him into the wall. The din of the techno, the crowd, it is all superfluous. John’s singular focus is on Sherlock.
(See the end of the chapter for
*************
Sherlock, awed, cannot take his eyes off either of them.
“Sherlock, that wasn’t what I meant. Do you want to come and see her?”
with every breath I take. I want to kiss you good night every night, and I want to hold you every morning as dawn breaks. When we stop chasing criminals around London I want us to retire to the country and be grumpy old men who eat toast and jam and take the dog on walks in the village, and I want us to sell honey in the market. I want to yell at you for leaving body parts in the microwave, and I want to make love to you as often as you’ll let me, for the rest of our days together.”
The neonatologist, a baby-faced forty-something strawberry blond who stands head and shoulders above John, enters the waiting area and though his features are kind his presence commands the room. John immediately snaps out of his own thoughts and glances toward the physician who held John’s daughter before her own father did.
After several more minutes of John’s three fingers inside me, he crooks his fingers – he is a physician, I remember – and brushes my prostate. It causes a deep, warm sensation inside my pelvis and I moan loudly, begging him to do it again. He obliges me. I still want his cock, but this is….quite agreeable.
gesture, then points up to the monitor screen  “She loves it. Look at her pulse. It’s in the one-twenties, lower than I’ve ever seen it be. You calmed her down. Your voice, Sherlock, your presence did that.”
“You beautiful man, I’m going to take my time. We’ve waited for far too long for this to be anything but exquisite for you. I’m going to love you properly,” John whispers as he mouths sweet soft kisses down Sherlock’s nose and cheekbones, covering each side of his face with tiny pecks, and stopping to nibble on each earlobe. This earns him a moan and an involuntary roll of hips as Sherlock seeks friction. John lowers himself onto Sherlock’s body and wraps his arms around Sherlock’s neck. He’s supporting most of his own weight on his knees still, but he envelops Sherlock in heat and provides some much-sought-after friction for his straining cock. It doesn’t last, though, because John isn’t finished worshipping. He raises back up on his elbows and breathes into Sherlock’s neck, inhaling his scent and trailing his fingers down each collarbone while placing yet more tiny wet kisses behind where the fingers had been. He gently opens Sherlock’s shirt buttons and removes his shirt as his hands travel down Sherlock’s shoulders and arms, fingers tracing light paths over each one, and John quickly finds himself running out of synonyms for ‘beautiful.’ He takes each of Sherlock’s hands in his, admiring the long fingers with calluses on the tips from years spent on the neck and bow of a violin. He brings each of them to his mouth and sucks each finger down, imagining all the things he’s sure Sherlock will figure out to do with them. Sherlock gasps and bucks again, begging John to please hurry up. “The answer is still that I am taking my time with you, you bloody fucking marvel.”
John watches the monitor as his daughter’s heart rate goes from somewhere in the 180s range – too high, indicator of stress, hypovolemia, and sometimes shock – to the 140s, normal range.
With love from
Rosie breathes peacefully on her own for several minutes before beginning to wiggle and thrash in John’s arms, gasping and making mewling noises like a newborn kitten. Rebecca recognizes this as a sign of pain and possibly air hunger and draws up a tiny dose of morphine in an oral syringe, then places drops of it under Rosie’s tongue to be absorbed by the membranes in her mouth. She then removes the blanket currently draped over Rosie and replaces it with another blanket from the blanket warmer in order to keep Rosie as warm as possible.
The lights of St. Mary’s intensive care are dimmed that day as they always are. Minimal stimulation is critical to these babies’ growth and well-being. John and Sherlock have climbed out of bed, showered, and eaten, the latter being an insistence, oddly, of Sherlock’s. Neither is at all prepared, despite each’s best effort - for what’s about to happen but they’ve determined to face it in comfortable clothes – and together.
*************
“It didn’t take me long to realise that not only did I think you were gorgeous and the smartest bloody person I’d ever met, I realised that you completed me. You made me want to be better and do better, and you cured my bloody leg. It was like we were two halves of a whole. Not only did you complete me, and not only was I arse over tits for you, I realised that I
We can’t
5 January 2015, 14.08, St. Mary’s hospital morgue
Sherlock awakens one Tuesday morning, showers, and dresses according to his usual routine. He and John have more or less settled into a routine, a new normal, as it were. John works afternoons at the surgery, which leaves him time to stay out late with Sherlock, who has begun taking cases again and it seems to be doing him good. Each misses Rosie in his own way and they’ve taken to talking about her some nights whilst curled around one another before sleep finds them. What they miss most, what she’d be doing right now if she hadn’t died (and, they must always uncomfortably acknowledge, if she had been born with her brain intact).
The physician continues, “We think your wife’s placenta is abrupting – that is, we believe the placenta has started to separate from the wall of her uterus. Because Mrs. Watson’s pregnancy is thirty-seven weeks along, and because we believe the separation is occurring slowly, we are going to practice watchful waiting, in hopes that she will give birth before the abruption becomes critical for either her or the baby. We firmly believe that keeping the baby in for as long as safely possible is our best course of action; however, it is possible that the abruption will continue to occur and we will have to deliver the baby emergently. We are watching her foetal monitor strip for signs of distress in utero. If at any point the monitor shows signs of distress or the bleeding continues or suddenly increases, we will at that point deliver via emergency caesarean section. We anticipate a healthy baby considering that thirty-seven weeks is considered full term. Do you have any questions?”
“Not true! I gave them an old one. They took it!”
“I have this dream sometimes...” he says in a distant tone. “It started after I talked to Dr Desai.”
Greg is only able to moan something unintelligible and nod weakly.
Strange to be in his own bedroom again after four months. Sherlock falls asleep still numb with the realisation.
“All right, what is it that you wanted to talk about?” he asks, overpowering his inner discomfort.
“Stay down, you damn lunatic! What if you’ve broken something?”
John doesn’t divulge that Sherlock had already donated it all to a rehabilitation centre for victims of illegal  human trafficking.
leaving him alone with a strange man, a threat. The second part is even less rational and thus irritates him even more: John and Sherlock are friends first and all the rest second (at least that is how John might view it; they've never discussed their relationship). Rohan Desai is, objectively speaking, a beautiful woman, and unquestionably John's type. Besides there would be no complications in the form of a slave collar which Sherlock has...
“Did you notice any evidence of narcotic influence?” Sherlock raises his brows.
It is very difficult to argue that everything was exactly as written: all memoirs and autobiographical works are subjective by definition. However, through all the years (and there have been many) I knew Holmes and Watson, they proved time and again that absolute honesty is at the core of their characters. If a detail in their published autobiographies is imprecise, then it is only because of the need to protect the persons involved or (more often than you’d think) to protect the state. I am convinced that the spirit of what they have written is the truth. Even now, every time I reread ‘The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes’ I feel like my dear Uncle John is actually speaking to me, and the dry, darker shade of humour seen in Holmes’s short autobiography brings his manner of speaking to the forefront of my mind. I have absolutely no doubt that neither of them would knowingly sin against the truth.
Mycroft Holmes does, indeed, look ill and broken, especially wrapped in that god-awful grey blanket. Still, when he mentions his debt, the predatory smile on his lips makes Lestrade shiver. It’s not the first time Greg thanks his good luck that he’d found a way to cooperate with the Holmes brothers all those years ago; that he hadn’t gone against the the pair: the younger, so incredibly annoying and the elder, the other’s obscure, but threatening shadow.
“Why do you keep visiting Mycroft Holmes in the clinic?”
“But I can't play with my wrist like this!”
John though, responds quite normally. Perfectly even:
“Did Sherlock Holmes have sexual relations with Dr Desai?”
“Former.”
“Oh.” She purses her lips. “Right. You know best. Any allergies?”
With a groan, John half-falls on the bed. Just a moment of respite from all of this… Just for a second.
John's mind goes blank. Fuck. It's happening again. Again. He thought he'd never have to... John wants to punch Sherlock - hard; put all his strength behind it, to shatter him against the opposite wall. Why is Sherlock doing this to him? And at the same time he wants to pull Sherlock up off the floor and press his nose into the other man's neck, breathe him in (even if he has been crawling through gutters for two days) and hold him. And not let go.
She snorts. “You must be cosmically lucky not to be beaten with that tongue on you. It's my brother, Mr Holmes.”
“Headache, dry mouth, a slight disorientation in space, slower reaction time,” he lists. “I think that's it.”
Sherlock raises his eyes from his newspaper he's been glued to since stepping into the flat, and wipes his face of any expression.
“Does anybody know who his master is?” the older guard asks (single parent, three children, loves chocolate, which he's allergic to).
“You're right, this shade of yellow really doesn't do my eyes any favours,” he replies glibly.
Dr Desai lives in a block of flats in Battersea, in one of those strange places where you seem to be in a decent neighbourhood, but just around the corner you run into a blue collar district and around the other a fashionable residential area. A very colourful environment.
“Nerves,” Sherlock's answer is short. “We both have them. It's natural in our situation, but we need to keep it together.”
“Hypocrisy...?” John's face suddenly darkens with true rage. “How the hell am I a hypocrite?”
Jan 8, 2076
The lady is wondering how likely it is that Mr N is hiding a Soviet paratrooper on his attic. The paratrooper would supposedly be blackmailing the house owner and planning a strategic diversion in the local cannery.
Turning his face towards the windy sky Sherlock grimly thinks it's a shame that Pound had managed to hold back. If he hadn't, Sherlock would have...
Greg feels the need to swear, but holds himself back – there's a young lady in the room. Then he thinks, blast, it's not as if she understands him, and lets it all out. The girls smiles and beckons him to the window.
“Moriarty is dead, yes, but the person who helped him is still out there,” Sherlock says. “The one who took Mycroft down at the same time with me. The one who arranged my being accused of fraud and attempted fratricide. The one that instilled the idea about suicide into Moriarty's consciousness, to mask the connection between them.”
The next time Sherlock wakes in the middle of the night from a nightmare, he finally deigns to admit that something is wrong.
“And go where?” Lying on the sofa, Sherlock is trying to keep his composure, but something is preventing that, something is bothering and irritating him and he has no idea what it is. The image of Mycroft, lying immobile on his cot seems to be distracting him and Sherlock doesn't want to think about his brother. “Slavery in the USNA is even more severe than here. Political asylum with the Soviets? Slavery is forbidden only on paper there - their 'citizens' run from there
. More accurately, he's been staring at the beginning of the article about hypoglycemia for about fifteen minutes now. Raising his eyes to Sherlock, he feels relief, but doesn't voice it.
“That would work,” Sherlock contemplates. “Good thinking, John! You have a wonderful ability to play along without having a clue as to what's going on.”
“I can see that. What about teeth?”
Sherlock looks at his friend for a moment and nods.
John doesn't answer. His hands are still dealing with the coffee pot.
Sherlock almost said it out loud. Pound knows nothing, nothing about him or his friend – master – John.
John blushes. His answer is a swear word, fortunately delivered in a low voice, because at the same moment a man appears in the kitchen door. He looks a little over thirty and is introduced as Martin Morstan.
“How did you know that I...”
(See the end of the chapter for
Her work is efficient, precise and quick, Sherlock notes. He also notices that she's quite attractive; John would like her. A bit under forty, though someone unobservant or not familiar with racial particularities wouldn't give her more than thirty-two or thirty-five. A touch on the heavy side, but not plump, dark long hair in a braid, no make-up, and not only at work – at all. The make-up girl is here for another reason then. Not married and most probably never has been. Has a lover, though, a long-term relationship, but they don't see each other too often, and she is the one to hold back. Most probably heterosexual.
“I doubt it.” Getting the dig, Sherlock grins. “I was unlucky today, it won't happen again. So, what happened then? You found out, cut the ties with your parents...”
Sherlock knows that Pound is not like that. The Dentist's motivation is fear. On the other hand, Pound is a professional – even with a discount his services are not cheap and justifiably so.
“What is it?” John frowns.
“We need to practise,” Sherlock confirms, chuckling. “Repeatedly. You're sleeping in my room tonight.”
“Decided to shoot me, have you?” Sherlock asks drily. “A solution, for sure. But I’m afraid I can’t let you do this. As much as I would like to.”
“It's not slavery for either of us!” John explodes. Then he visibly reins himself in and puts the magazine down. “Damn it, Sherlock, I realise that you don't like our situation, but stop trying to... I don't know what you're trying to do or how exactly you want to manipulate me! I entered this situation of my own free will and I still think it was worth it. Don't you? Do you think you'd have managed to run and then what? What did you plan on doing then?”
“What are you doing here?” she asks sternly. “Where is your master? Strangers are not allowed in here.”
“However flattering it might seem to your self-esteem, you are not the one to have created the modern society,” he states shortly and drops onto the sofa.
“I need your help, Detective Inspector.”
“Hi! My name's Stacy. What's yours?”
“Come on, John. Pull yourself together! There's no way I can seem as an efficient and obliging slave – it's psychologically unsound. John, I need you to take a room for a day. That's all. Let me see...” He takes John's wallet. “Yes, that'll be enough. Shame you didn't buy return tickets, but it still will be enough.”
“Unlikely,” Sherlock snaps, but then he starts giggling. Soft, happy chuckles that emerge when adrenalin makes you dizzy and the bloodstream is full of endorphins.
“What are you talking about?” She looks up from the tools she's arranging.
“How did you meet Sherlock Holmes?”
Despite the subconscious feeling of disgust all slaves invoke in him, Greg suddenly experiences a mix of intense pity and deep sorrow. How the hell did that happen? Some altercation on the street, no doubt - a result of the ordinary Sherlockian disrespect and the rest is his habitual lack of sleep and malnutrition? Or... No, Greg doesn't even want to think about that. John is a regular guy. Besides, Sherlock's his friend. Was a friend. Damn, as if he hasn't got enough things to worry about...
His tone is strange, making John cringe internally. Sherlock doesn't speak entirely like a slave, but not as a free man either. His voice is hanging on a thin thread, words free-falling off it and hovering in the cold air forming a spiralling staircase into the abyss. Hell, if John didn't know it was just a game, he’d...
“Depends on the field.”
“You are clearly underestimating the scale of the operation and the stakes involved,” Holmes states drily.
“I don't want to view it in any light,” he growls. “Sodding hell, Sherlock, it's not a laughing matter, do you understand? You are everything I've got, but I don't own you. I don't want to own you!”
“And that can be done?” Greg marvels. “Imagine how much money it must have taken.”
At the end Sherlock suggests she calm her neighbour: in the British Empire it is not illegal to keep smuggled birds if they pass a veterinary inspection.
'Arrogant prick,' Greg thinks as usual, and then, as usual, obeys.
“I don’t think you are too easily hypnotized. Besides, the results of the research on using hypnotics simultaneously with drugs tend to be rather contradicting… In any case, I conclude that you didn’t give Morsten and Desai away simply because you didn’t want to. You are very loyal, John. It’s one of your best and also your worst characteristics. I counted on it, though. There was a certain risk, of course; that is why it’s so lucky they are not currently in the country.”
Fortunately he catches his hesitation fast enough; not even John seems to have noticed (although he can't be sure about that; John has an uncanny ability to subconsciously understand things about Sherlock that he doesn't process via his brain – either a canine or a parental characteristic).
John expects Dr Rohan Desai to be a proud-looking Indian with an aquiline profile. The name Rohan somehow leads him to think about ferocious horsemen and archers. Instead, he gets a short, curvaceous woman, not especially dark and not very obviously Indian even. Seeing the letter in his hand, she pales even more, bites out, 'Come with me,' and leads him into a smallish room, which is apparently a cross between a kitchen (there's an electric stove and a loudly humming refrigerator) and a tech support station.
Greg’s room is right under the roof and one of its walls tilts under an angle. The tiny balcony has a flower box with what he assumes to be pansies behind the ornate window fence. It looks as if the next moment Gerda will wave at him from the window opposite and invite him over. Or perhaps she'll even push a wooden board over the gap between the windows for him to climb in...
“You should have thought about it earlier! All right. Just let me...” John examines Sherlock's fingers. “Does that hurt? What about now?”
“He's mine!” John screams, trying to break the handcuffs, the bonds; alas, they hold. “He's mine, do you hear me? You can't touch him! He didn't do it! He's my slave! A slave! He couldn't have done anything! Let me go, I have to find him! You bloody bastards! Damn arseholes! Leave him alone!”
The voice is familiar. Too familiar even. Greg purses his lips and goes in.
Amazing.
“Leave my face alone, this chin is the Holmes family trait! A distinctive feature. You bloody... dwarf!”
Sherlock freezes, and pointedly staring at the receptionist's left ear (slaves are forbidden to look free citizens in the eye, but no one has said anything about ears), he utters coldly, “Tell Mr Pound that Sherlock Holmes is here to see him.”
“Ah. Mrs Hundson told you we're moving.”
“You're brilliant,” Sherlock chuckles, arching up with the grace of  gymnast. “I've had a positively degenerate effect on you.”
“You... can help me?” Sherlock asks, trying to make his voice waver in the right way instead of snickering acidly. “But how?”
John knows that he's overreacting and that it will pass. During their walk home John mentally takes apart and puts together a Browning once and a Sig Sauer twice. It helps.
John freezes, still in his jacket.
He bumps into Mrs Hudson half-way down. Apparently she is coming up: dressed with caution, as if for a serious talk. Why? What about? Everything important has already been said. Sentiments again, no doubt.
Greg opens his mouth to comment on the 'formal' part of Sherlock's slavery, but closes it again.
“I think I'll read something,” Sherlock says. “By the way, there should be a letter for me tomorrow. Could you deliver it somewhere?”
“It only means you've no idea how to brush your teeth properly! And I don't use hair spray!”
“A strict one. Under the pain of starvation. Or you won't be able to chew soon.”
Then suddenly he can smell colours – it's an unpleasant odour, somewhat similar to ammonium. 'That's what it feels like,' John realises, 'a cognitive disorder. So, an idiot for life, huh? I bet I'll be wetting myself and stuff... Harry will probably send me to some kind of institution...'
“When did your father die?”
“What do you mean painless?” Greg blows up. “What was that rubbish they injected me with? I thought that the truth serum either fries your brains or is entirely fictional. And why the hell are you sitting in the next house from the commandos? How-”
Sherlock announces he has no intentions of going to bed. At first, John tries to persuade him, then throws in the towel and goes upstairs – the greater the distance between Sherlock’s awful howling violin and his sleepy ears, the better. If Sherlock wants sex, he can get it (meaning: find John) anywhere.
Night passes, giving way to morning. Breakfast, shower, work, come home tired, sleep, eat dinner, sleep again, and then repeat the cycle. The predictability of everything only makes it all seem so dull. Mrs. Hudson rapped on the door, coming in a second later. "I  hope you don't mind, dear. I brought you a cup of tea. Just this time only, though. You looked like you could use a one." She  giggled and placed the tray on the dining table.
I'm planning for it to end in a couple more chapters maybe? Anyway, I hope you'll enjoy reading :)
Content that the cat had climbed up on bed with him during the night, he reaches further to stroke along its neck. Halfway through the first stroke, he jolts awake, surprised to touch skin.
"No."
The cat's locks were surprisingly soft. The locks of fur curls around his fingers as he gently strokes the cat's head and down to the neck. It leans into the touch and starts purring softly moments later. How quickly this cat changes its demeanor, John thinks. He  removes his hand, not wanting to pet the cat for too long and increase the risk of it scratching his skin. They stay like that for  longer, staring at the way the rain falls in erratic patterns, pooling into small puddles.
"Huh."
"Wait! Sherlock, wait." John manages to turn and face Sherlock, his grip still on his shoulders. "Shouldn't we hide your... cat parts?"
On the trip back home, Sherlock notices a hat sticking out one of the bags. He turns to John, a sour look on his face. John simply laughs.
If you're an old reader, thanks for coming back to read it!
"Whatever, move back there so we can go already."
The pan relocated from the drying rack to the stove, John pours oil on it and turns the stove on. He grabs an egg out of the fridge and cracked it on the side of the counter, spiderwebs forming on the eggshell. The insides of the egg fell, making a hissing noise as it comes in contact with the hot oil. He lets the egg fry for a bit, sprinkling salt on it before flipping it upside down. While waiting for the egg to finish cooking, he takes out a plate from the cupboard and placed it beside the stove. A minute passed and, with the spatula, he scooped the egg up and laid it down on the plate.
"Silly John. I saw your blog still open on your laptop. Is that reason enough?"
He heads on to the place, arriving in a short time. The line is as long as ever, and he has to wait for 45 minutes before finally  placing his order. Another 51 minutes passes, and John walks home, box of takeout food in hand. The loud protests of his stomach urges him to hurry home. In spite of this, however, John roams aimlessly around the streets of London, ignoring the hunger  gnawing at him. There really was no point in him doing this, really. Just a subconscious act that he does once in a while. Walking in circles, taking the long way back to 221B. It's calming in a way. Eventually he wanders back home.
The streets still retain the business of daylight, people roaming the streets and cars zooming about the place. John's stomach  rumbles, begging for food. Maybe he'll stop by that new Chinese food restaurant just a few blocks away. Having to pass it everyday to get the the clinic or back to 221, he's took note of how long the line is everyday. Some people spoke loud enough for him to  catch a few compliments- "Delicious!", "This is the best food I've tasted, ever.", "I'd kill a man to eat this."
John hails a cab home, just so he could shave the few minutes off from walking, eager to shop with Sherlock.
"Muffler stays. Not the hat."
The familiar exterior of 221 came to view, and he finds his feet climbing up the steps and his hands pushing open the door with 221B etched in gold on it. Jacket thrown onto the floor, cane immediately forgotten on the ground, shoes carelessly kicked away, he dragged his body to his bedroom and sank into the cold sheets of his bed. Arms splayed across the bed, he fell asleep soon  after. The bleakness of the day had drained the life out of him.
"What for?" John answers. He stares at Sherlock, who is looking up at the ceiling. From the side, his cheekbones look more prominent, the street lamps outside only highlighting his contours more.  His lashes glow against the dark of the room. Sherlock tilts his head, slowly facing John.
If you're a new reader, thanks for checking out my fic!!
John merely smiled in response, grateful for her thoughtfulness. Bless her, Mrs.Hudson .She asks how John how he is doing, and  continues small talk for a bit before leaving him alone once again. He drinks the tea quickly, letting the hot water burn his tongue,  then left the cup on the counter, turning his attention to the kitchen stove. Eggs will do, he thought.
Silence ensues. John still in disbelief at the transpiring incident. Sherlock huffs at this. "How long are you going to stare at me slack-jawed? I'm starving."
Sherlock smiles. A small smile, and he lets out a soft chuckle. "Good night, John."
The familiarity of his flat settles him, and a low rumbling reminds John of how hungry he is. He grabs a spoon out of the drawer and starts eating while making his way to the sofa. As soon as the first spoonful goes down, he takes another bite, savoring the food, a perfect balance of sweet and salty. The telly is broadcasting a live interview with a rising actor. Sounds of laughter, clapping,  people talking mixes together until they become white noise in the background. His ears tune the noise as he falls into sleep again.
at the front of the meadow where the ceremony is set to begin. On a small table beside her is a tiny urn containing Rosie’s ashes; Sherlock and John have agreed that Rosie deserves to be among the witnesses when her fathers unite their lives.
September 5, 2015
(See the end of the chapter for
you. I thought you didn’t feel things that way, that you were married to your work. You said it once and I believed you.
5 January 6.49am
, putting his hand up palm facing outward in a sort of universal
, John might be more horny than he has ever been in his life. He has never seen Sherlock cut loose like this before, and John thinks he might spontaneously combust. His cock hardens more than he thought possible, insistent to be released from his trousers at the feel of Sherlock’s breath, tongue, teeth gliding over his earlobe and down to the nape of his neck.
, I tell him.
He takes a seat offered him by the nurse and gingerly, like a flower he doesn’t want to bruise, John places his index finger inside his daughter’s tiny hand. When her fingers curl around his, John understands in that moment what kind of love brings grown men to their knees.
I've watched parents as they held their dying children more times than I can count, and it never gets easier. It's an enormous privilege to be allowed in at such a personal time in people's lives, but it is heartrendingly difficult. It must be exponentially more difficult to be given a child and then asked to say goodbye.
“Frankly, Doctor – and it’s a very long story – I want nothing to do with her. Jt makes no difference to me what happens to her corpse. I’ll sign the papers, do whatever I have to do, but I don’t want anything to do with this woman any more. Hand me the papers now, if you would. Please.” John’s chin juts up and out at please. Almost defiant.
Candles lit on the table, wine chilled and pot roast in the slow cooker Sherlock also lifted from Mrs. Hudson whilst on his mission to find a cake pan a day or two prior. (Luckily, the slow cooker had come with a label so there was no guesswork on Sherlock’s part as to its function.)
Praseodymium Astatine
(See the end of the chapter for
John doesn’t realise it but he has been staring at the floor all this time. His gaze moves toward Sherlock, who is on the sofa beside him trembling, shoulders heaving, making neither the slightest noise nor the slightest effort to contain the tears spilling down his cheeks.
If Sherlock could describe this moment in one word, he would call it
,” whines Sherlock when John pauses momentarily.
, he thinks.
“This is going to be a very difficult conversation, but it’s important that we have it now rather than later. I am going to be as direct as I can with you, because I believe in telling the truth, and I want you both to feel like you can be direct with me in return.
John exhales loudly, cracks his knuckles, and rubs a hand over his stubble. “Yes and no. She’s stable for the moment. Mary lost a lot of blood before she died and it affected Rosie’s heart and kidneys, but they were able to give her fluids and meds to help compensate. But she-……..she has-“ John’s voice cracks, “……she has anencephaly.”
, she thinks as she watches while he readies himself, unaware as yet of her presence. His hands fumble about his neck and this is her first clue that Sherlock has himself all in a bundle of nerves.
, Sherlock muses internally.
“I wouldn’t have asked you to sleep here if it were uncomfortable. Please. You have no idea how long I’ve thought about having you here beside me in the dark.”
Hips grind, scents mingle, bodies are close enough to catch sweat dripping from strangers. Strobes in all shades of the rainbow flash, an all-out overstimulation. Normally this would be enough to send Sherlock’s senses offline and into meltdown, but John is there and John keeps him right.
John places a call to the St. Mary’s NICU to check on Rosie. Still stable. He steps into the shower and lets the hot water spill over him and into the drain, taking with it the sins and curses and unnamed fears of the last twenty-four hours. His first hot shower after getting off the bird from Kandahar didn’t feel as good as this. He shaves and changes into clean pyjamas, then crawls into his old upstairs bed. Sleep overtakes him before he’s horizontal.
"And what I’m asking is,” the clear baritone cracking audibly, eyes brimming over with tears, hand opening up to reveal a ring, “
“Darling, you need to eat,” John finally offers as he places a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s temple. John rises to put the kettle on.
They ride to the hospital in companionable silence in the cab, each bracing himself internally.
Slowly, he begins to unbutton my shirt, lavishing me with kisses, and I am lightheaded. He knows what the feel of his mouth does to me, and he continues to do it. He tells me over and over how lucky he is to be my husband, and how he has waited forever for the right time for us to make love in this way. He caresses the skin of my chest. If there were a deity I believed in, I would be thanking them for the gift of my husband John Watson in this moment.
Sherlock hesitates a bit. “Is she….alright?”
5 January 6.51am [draft, unsent]
21.51pm
“Oh.” Sherlock’s breath catches in his throat and he can’t manage another word. He brings the back of his hand to his mouth. Despite the fact that her face is not the same shape as most other babies’, despite the lack of a skull to form her head, Sherlock is taken aback by her beauty.
*************
One thing John Watson has known about Sherlock Holmes for many years is that despite the indifferent façade he presents to most of the world, Sherlock cares. He cares so deeply,
It is all the permission John needs to take Sherlock in his mouth, slowly at first. He softly mouths at the glans and foreskin, giving the latter a soft nibble. He kisses up and down Sherlock’s shaft and takes a few moments to breathe in the scent of Sherlock’s pubic hair. (
“What I’m trying to say, is, John Hamish Watson, I love you. That’s the whole of it.”
, but I love you more than you know.”
Sherlock climbs up to straddle John again, propping his weight on one elbow while his other hand grasps his aching cock. It isn’t long before he feels a second pair of fingers threading through his own, and together he and John begin to pump. John leans up to suck on one of Sherlock’s nipples, and Sherlock moans, then suddenly he is coming, his second orgasm in less than twenty-four hours, and certainly the two most closely spaced orgasms he can remember. The warm wet liquid shoots out onto their hands and paints John’s belly, and Sherlock cannot ever remember a solution to a case feeling quite this blissful.
12.01pm
The song lyrics are from U2's album 'Achtung Baby', and from the first time I started thinking about Sherlock's background, those lyrics have stuck in my head. They remind me so much of him, because I am certain he has done a lot of all three.
5 January 2015, 21.47pm, text thread
May 17, 2015
Doctor Smithson begins the process by unhooking Rosie’s endotracheal tube from the ventilator. Rebecca deflates the cuff, the plastic bubble holding it in her airway, and Doctor Smithson slowly removes it. She doesn’t sputter much thanks to the pain and antianxiety medications she received in her IV just a few minutes prior. Next come the cardiac leads and pulse oximetry, which can be painful if done too quickly, like ripping a plaster off tender skin. They take their time doing this while John holds her and kisses her fingers, and eventually there is nothing adhesive stuck to Rosie’s skin. The final piece to be removed is the Umbilical catheter. Rebecca stops the machines pumping meds into Rosie, and together she and Doctor Smithson cut the lone suture holding the umbilical IV in place. They gently remove the catheter and tie her umbilical cord stump closed in order to prevent any blood from flowing out of the tiny vein which the catheter had previously held open.
“Of course we’re not ready, but we’re as ready as we’re ever going to be,” quips John as Dr. Smithson – also on his third twelve-hour call in a row – asks how they’re doing and if they’re prepared for the task at hand. The entire unit has been made aware that Rosie’s life support is going to be discontinued today; staff are quieter than usual, the lights are dimmer, and if anyone is cracking jokes they aren’t doing it within earshot of Rosie's bedside.
Sherlock leaned over the counter to pull a knife out of the kitchen cutlery block, leaving his gorgeous perfect bum dangerously close to John’s face. John couldn’t be sure Sherlock was doing it intentionally, but neither could he be sure Sherlock wasn’t being a first-rate tease.
breathing as a soft smile plays on John’s lips. Sherlock decides that he has nowhere else to be at the moment and nestles his legs back into the bend of John’s knees and presses his chest and stomach into John’s back; he is able to ignore his morning erection. John Watson is exhausted and needs to sleep.
“Now, Sherlock, today isn’t the anniversary of anything. But I thought it would be fun to indulge your nuttiness for a bit. I have pulled some strings and arranged for us to go to the lab at Bart’s – it’s where I fell in love with you, if I am honest – to pick up some things for you to use in your experiments here at home. Shall we head over there?
The lights in the room are dim and the staccato
25 December, 11.57pm
Without further ado Sherlock spins around and braces himself against the sitting room door. Mrs. Hudson or the neighbors might hear, but all Sherlock can think about is having John’s cock inside him.
“Doesn’t it, though?” John whispers back into Sherlock’s ear. John was unaware that he needed this sort of healing, but he doubts that there is a shaman alive who can concoct a more potent elixir than Sherlock Holmes’ breath in his ear and hard cock pressed against his and tongue exploring his mouth. “Let’s take this somewhere slightly more comfortable, if that’s alright,” he whispers.
There is some angst in here, but not nearly as much as what we've already been through. I wrote this chapter mostly to illustrate how difficult grief can be; one minute you're fine, then bam! out of nowhere the most mundane thing triggers (and I don't use the word lightly) a massive reaction. That's a completely normal part of grieving, although it seems hard for outsiders to wrap their heads around. There's no set point at which you're 'over' a massive loss.
John keeps it up for another minute or so, Sherlock spent and struggling to stay standing by now and John stroking Sherlock’s overly sensitive prostate and
The thing I love about this chapter is that, while they're both soft here, John is allowed to be the one who takes care of Sherlock. Throughout the BBC series Sherlock does SO MUCH to take care of and protect John (and I love him for that), but I think Sherlock deserves some TLC as well. Give me vulnerable Sherlock and tender John every day of the week!
It has been a monumental task on the part of the grooms to keep from seeing one another before the ceremony’s start, but they’ve accomplished it with the help of some well-placed curtains beside the
Sherlock and John realise that grief can come back at unexpected times.
“Jesus, where did you learn to do this?” John moans and pants. “I swear to god –“
After this, there may be a little angst here and there but the worst is over, I promise!
Sherlock clings to his husband’s hand as they stand motionless by her grave, a tiny marker in a vast green meadow the last testament to an unknowing world that she had once drawn breath. Neither man speaks; words are superfluous. They have already been spoken, shouted, sobbed, and whispered into whatever vastness is listening.
“So it
“Now, Sherlock Holmes, tell me the ways in which I can have you. Right here, right now, up against this wall,” John growls as he grinds their cocks together, the torturous friction just enough to cause Sherlock to lean his head back against the wall and his eyes roll back in his head.
Two worlds collided
Forty minutes later, Sherlock is out of the bath and wearing his black trousers and the shirt John affectionately calls the Purple Shirt of Sex, not in a small part owing to activities that almost always follow when Sherlock wears it. He smirks to himself as he rolls the sleeves halfway up his forearms. Perfectly coiffed curls, and
John had thought. This certainly complicates matters.
that he feels right now.
“Sherlock Holmes. Once I told you – and I know you heard me – that you were the wisest and most
May she rest in peace."
“Sherlock, darling.” John whispers as he kneels beside the man he loves, trolley abandoned in the aisle. He cups Sherlock's face in his hands and brings Sherlock's face to meet his. "Darling, I am here."
“Oh God, John. There really are two pink lines, come look!” Mary had said to him that fateful morning on their honeymoon.
With that, Sherlock is straddling John and kissing him, his mouth soft and warm and wet on John’s, and his hands cradle John’s face. His morning erection is a bit more insistent now, and John’s is no less impressive as their cocks rub together through John’s pants, eliciting a moan from both men. They continue to kiss and explore one another’s mouths. Sherlock licks into John’s mouth and gently bites his lower lip. John’s eyes roll backward in his head as he grabs Sherlock’s waist with his legs and pulls him closer. He bites Sherlock’s earlobe and is rewarded instantaneously with the knowledge that this is a highly erogenous spot for Sherlock. Sherlock is rocking back and forth above John, their cocks still hard and seeking more friction.
And with that, the veil is rent, walls tumble, and love so dreadfully hidden just beneath the skins of both men is laid bare in the light of morning. John looks up at Sherlock, their lips press together. Each is unsure who initiated what, but each man’s mouth forms to the shape of the other’s, and they gently kiss for several minutes, tongues and lips exploring mouths. Salty tears and morning breath saliva mingle as John wraps his hand in Sherlock’s hair and takes control of their kiss, moving from resting on Sherlock’s chest to straddling him.
5 January 8.51 am
John drifts out of the crowd to hang back by the wall and wait for his lover, in whose stunning hands lie John’s heart and soul and (quite often) his body. From a few yards away and out of the corner of his eye he spots another man who looks to be about ten years older than Sherlock wearing tight leather pants and a transparent button-down shirt left stopping Sherlock as he makes his way back over to John. The man smiles just a bit too broadly and leans a bit too closely into Sherlock’s personal space.
“I’m sorry, what?” Sherlock cocks his head to one side and blinks several times, fidgeting with the pen he’d found in his shirt pocket with the left hand that has taken on a mind of its own.
John cuts him off. “I know what DIC is, I’m a bloody doctor, I fucking know - I’m sorry. I’m so sorry for talking like that.”
“My daughter is upstairs in intensive care. She didn’t ask to be born into this shitty mess I have managed to make of all our lives by marrying the vile duplicitous bitch that lies dead in front of us. Now, if you would please hand me the GODDAMNED PAPERS, I will sign them and be rid of her.” Flecks of spittle fly out of John’s mouth and his face goes beet red as he continues. “I have a daughter upstairs in intensive care who needs me and I will not waste one more bloody second here.”
. I am still in awe as I swirl the words around in my mouth, still in somewhat of a shock that we are married. Finally.
They will stand here for a few minutes and weep. They will thank their beloved baby girl for the part she played in creating the life they now share, united seamlessly and forever. They will go back to Baker Street, order takeout, and hold one another by the fireplace. They will go to bed, where they will read, talk, make love, and then sleep.
“I believe you understand what I am saying,” Dr. Smithson continues, “but I want to state it explicitly. We don’t expect Rosie to live long; normally, babies born alive with anencephaly live anywhere from a few minutes to a few days. It is exceedingly rare that they live longer than that. We will help you as much as we can while she is with us. As her father, you are welcome to come and visit her anytime, and you or her mother can bring one support person of your choosing. Normally we do not do all the things we have done for Rosie when we are caring for a baby with anencephaly, but we felt it very important in this case to keep her alive until you could see her. We were able to place intravenous access through her umbilical vein instead of poking her skin, so we were able to avoid causing her pain.
“Everything here is yours for the taking if you want it, darling,” John declares, gesturing to the workbench where Sherlock had been perched a bit over five years ago and John’s world had been upended. “Molly gathered some lab equipment that’s perfectly usable but superfluous here, and some leftover ears and eyeballs that were headed for the incinerator, and whatever you want you can have. Oh, and she especially thought you might be able to make use of these,” John smiles, holding up about a dozen new plates ready for fresh agar. The floor practically vibrates with Sherlock’s excitement as his hands dash about the counter surface, he is so thrilled with it all.
. I hand him the bottle of lube that I know is in the bedside table, because I can’t wait another second. He kisses my mouth and reassures me
Which left him now, standing at her door, fist poised to knock. But, before he could, the door opened before him.
It clicks, suddenly, for John. He knew, of course he knew, he’s Sherlock bloody Holmes and his damned brother was the British government. John doesn’t know what to say, he’s sure Sherlock is asking what he thinks he’s asking but John can’t reply to it. He can’t say anything, he’s just stood there in this darkened corridor with a random man unconscious in corner, and his mouth is just gaping open like some sort of fish. He feels the undeniable sense to run, to leave this conversation and this place, but he’s Captain John Watson and he can’t run from this even if he desperately wants to.
He stops right at John’s feet and kneels in front of him. John’s still adamant about not looking Sherlock in the eyes even when he places a hand on each side of John’s face forcing him in his direction.
John’s just about had enough of it and tells Sherlocks so. Which, of course, Sherlock doesn’t take well. Soon enough they’re hurling barbs at one another, hitting where it hurts. They’re unleashing months of pent up anger, John at Sherlock’s leaving and
And, suddenly, he wants to be done, he really does. This is a too emotionally taxing conversation for this early in the morning. Plus, he has to go to work soon, he’s already missed too many days running around London with Sherlock catching bad guys. So, John says this and the conversation is over, just like that, with not fight from Sherlock at all.
And he knows, God does he know. She was there completely and always, when he slipped and fell, she’d picked him back up. When it all got too much, she was there with a shoulder to lean on. She was always there, John owed her everything.
Chapter 2! Hope you enjoyed, please review. Still more to come!
Or, he could look at Sherlock and see that something had changed. He could see a look in his eye that would ruin John. Once you know something you can’t unknow it and if Sherlock knew John’s most horrible secret he would look at him differently. He’d look at him like he looked at people on the street or individuals on case. With a certain look of disgust, disinterest, and disappointment, the look he gave when everyone else were measly, boring human beings who ultimately bored him. John doesn’t think he could handle that look.
