Somebody had betrayed their trust
“I’ll take that as a compliment,” Dean chuckled.
And they were good at it
“You’re preparing food? Where are we going?” he asked, pointing to the basket on the kitchen table.
If you have a place in universe you simply know
He rifled through the kitchen closet for a moment and let out a triumphant “Ha!” when he found an old wicker basket that looked like it came straight out of the 1800s. He knew he had seen that thing around before and it was just what he needed to transport the supplies he had prepared for the picnic – smoked sausages, some cheese, a small jar of honey.
This was exactly what he had been trying to avoid. Maybe he shouldn’t have gone out on his own at all, but he was tired of sitting around in the bunker, where the walls seemed to close in on him and the halls were too empty at the same time. Where everything reminded him of what had happened, of the battles they had fought and the people they had lost.
in his eyes when he had decided to drop the biggest bomb on Dean since the beginning of their friendship and Dean- Dean didn’t even have two damn seconds to process all of this because Billie was after them and Cas was about to sacrifice himself, and the Empty was already there,
and suddenly the chilly air didn’t feel all that chilly anymore. He looked to the side and mumbled a quick “Thanks, Cas” while fiddling with the bread. Cas had said Dean’s hands were
Was destined to fail
Maybe…he didn’t have to let go?
The drive back to the Bunker was way slower than the one in the morning – soon after they left the gas station it started to cloud up and eventually snow started to fall, impeding the traffic as nobody wanted to end up with their car in a roadside ditch.
The endless cycle of time
“I think I would like to kiss you right now.”
He made his way into the kitchen and put on the apron Sam had gifted him for his last birthday. Tiptoeing in front of the fridge, he reached inside to get down the huge bowl covered in a dish towel – when he lifted the cloth, the heavy smell of yeast dough reached his nose. The dough prepared yesterday had risen nice and slow in the cold, just as he had anticipated.
Cas had always been different. Despite his angel programming he had started to question his orders, started defying everything he believed in and ultimately got cast out of heaven. Cas had been human, he had been God, he had been Lucifer’s vessel – and he had been the one who never left Dean’s side. Never for long, anyway.
“Do you have it around on your tapes?”
He was really fucking angry at Cas.
“Oh, uh. Alright.”
Dean woke up when it was still dark outside. Not that he’d have known, the Bunker wasn’t exactly famous for its fantastic window sights. The winter sun was a hesitant guest these days anyway – coming up over the horizon late in the morning, barely peeking over the naked treetops that were sticking out into the sky like boney fingers, before setting again way too soon in the afternoon – but Dean liked to have these quiet moments just before dawn all to himself lately. The world seemed innocent in those hours.
All this time he had managed to pull himself together – for Sam, for Jack, for saving the world once again. The only time he had allowed himself to cry was right after Cas’ sacrifice but that was mostly out of shock and confusion and fear.
The sky itself seemed to be set on fire
The first thing Dean remembered after getting out was himself on his knees, gripping Cas’ unconscious body tightly, head buried into the crook of his neck. Sam was there, too, talking, trying to get through to him but Dean wouldn’t let Cas go. Even the days after, when the angel-now-human was still recovering, Dean didn’t leave his bedside a single time. And when Cas had finally been in a state to hold conversations again, they had talked.
Dean wished he could have just one more moment with Cas, to tell him the truth. To tell him that Cas had changed him, too. That he cared about him.
“I’ll trust your judgment then.”
You belong
He leaned into Cas, head tilted so their noses wouldn’t crash, and pressed his lips onto Cas’.
(Two out of three had to suffice, he guessed.)
“What?” Dean mumbled.
Dean shrugged, giving Cas a lopsided smile. “You’ll find out soon enough. Just dress warm, and take a scarf from my drawer if you don’t have one. Meet me at the Impala when you’re done.”
Only that the shampoo bottle was surprisingly light. Too light. Who the hell left an empty fucking bottle of shampoo in the shower?
For those who dared to stand in his way
When Dean still didn’t move back into his own stall, Cas gave him a confused frown. But Dean did not want to move back. Because that meant his brain would go and process all the images that burnt themselves on his retinas right now and he would inevitably end up with a hard-on again.
As one woke up and took over
When he gripped Dean tight
You think about darkness
By the time he was almost done, Cas entered the kitchen, sniffing the air with a smile on his face. He was wearing one of Dean’s henleys with a t-shirt underneath, barely hiding the fact that Cas was a little broader around the shoulders than Dean, and his hair was slightly less messy than earlier.
Cas gave him a smile Dean could not quite make out the meaning of, looking down at the loaf in Dean’s hands. “You’re way more crafty than you tend to give yourself credit for. I don’t know how to put it but… the things you touch seem to come alive under your hands. It’s a marvelous characteristic of yours.”
Okay, Dean was definitely having a stroke now. His hands would have started shaking violently if he wasn’t holding Cas’ already and his brain straight up blew out like a lightbulb.
“I really enjoyed today.”
It was exactly what was running through Dean’s mind for two weeks now.
He pulled himself up to standing position again, gave Cas a quick embarrassed smile and turned away to grab a towel. He heard Cas shuffle around at his back, then the noise of the shower curtain being drawn closed. Dean let out a quick breath of relief and stepped into his own stall, closing the curtain behind himself.
“Yeah, I did. Bit different from pie, but after browsing through some online forums I found a good tutorial to make it work.” He deliberately left out the part where he had done a trial run last week and ended up with three small, rock-solid bricks that did not deserve the title “bread” in the slightest. He had fed them to the murder of crows that lived in the woods while he was out with Miracle, so neither Sam nor Cas would notice.
And worst thing was, he didn’t know if Cas was ever coming back.
During the course of the last two weeks Dean had probably slept around two to three hours per night maximum – and most times, he didn’t at all. He was used to having nightmares by now, but the ones plaguing him ever since they had fought Billy… they were different. Sometimes Dean woke up in the middle of the night and felt Billy’s grip on his heart again, felt the sharp stab of pain as if somebody crushed his ribcage in their fist and there was no room to
While Dean was still thinking about Cas’ hands and how much he would like to hold them, they continued to share half the bread and drink coffee, keeping the rest of it for later. Dean didn’t exactly have a concrete idea on how long they would stay here, but at least they wouldn’t starve if it turned out to be a few hours.
Dean was not used to silence. He usually had somebody riding shotgun, for one. Over the years Sam seemed to have developed some sort of Pavlovian reflex to Dean turning on Zepp at night – he fell asleep within five minutes, trying to out-snore his brother, who was often humming along. But even when the music was low, with Sam sleeping quietly and Dean not humming, there were still Baby’s own noises.
As one of them is day
Their love eclipsing any force trying to diminish their freedom
It was the same feeling he had whenever he thought about-, whenever he…
In between there are
They had reached their destination, a small hill at the edge of a natural reserve. Dean had only randomly stumbled upon this spot of land when the Impala had broken down once after a hunt and he had been stranded here, waiting for the tow truck.
“I did. Adjusting wasn’t… easy. It does help that I’m not homeless and out of food or money opposed to last time–” Dean let out a small, guilty wince at the mention “–but all the physical changes are more tiring than I remember. This body is vulnerable and so exposed to its environment, not to speak of all the primordial needs like eating or sleeping. I thought having been around you and Sam and all the others for so long would help, because it made me familiar with the daily routines of a human, but I forgot how overwhelming it all is.”
Covering his skin
How the leaf green shine of his eyes means
They were dancing it day after day
To believe that
Hushed words
As if all of the above wasn’t enough already, rain started dripping onto the car’s roof and windows, light at first, but soon Dean had to turn on the windshield wiper because he wasn’t able to see a damn thing anymore except for the occasional lights of the oncoming traffic.
“You did?”
It was maybe the first time that Dean had tried as hard as he could to not leave any room for miscommunications. He wanted Cas to know that he was still welcome at the Bunker – that it was his home as well as Sam’s or Dean’s or even Jack’s (he wasn’t entirely sure if a god even needed a home). He wanted Cas to know that Dean would not push him away, that he was wrong in assuming he could never have Dean. He could now. All he was asking was that they’d go slow.
“So, uh, I noticed your wardrobe is a little bit sparse and I thought -, I thought, we could, uh, maybe stop at a dress shop later and get you something nice to-,“ he started but got interrupted by Cas shifting at his side.
The nights were when everything started to fall apart. The quiet of the bunker halls was violent – Dean had never realized just how quiet it was when nobody was there except for himself. Contrary to the Impala, the bunker did not have any sounds on its own because it was built too deeply into the hill; no creaking floor boards or termites living in the wooden attics that usually made up the soundscape of any normal houses (not that there were many Dean had lived in to begin with).
They were listening to some random radio station on low volume as background noise, when Cas suddenly asked, “Do you remember the mixtape you gave me?”
It was a dance they were dancing
morning grouch.
He tried pressing a few more buttons but nothing changed – the Impala’s speakers remained as silent as they had been since he swerved onto the highway earlier that evening. The car radio had been acting up for a few weeks now, with intermittent periods of only producing static white noise. Today it seemed to be especially insistent on not complying with Dean’s ideas of playing music. He turned it off with a huff, falling back into the driver's seat and putting his hands back onto the steering wheel.
Then, suddenly a voice, clear as day, broke through – a voice Dean would recognize under thousands.
The heat radiating off of Cas’ body was pretty nice, though, he had to admit. Unconsciously he leaned a little more onto him, nervousness he didn’t know he had held slowly bleeding from his muscles under the warmth. From the corner of his eyes he caught a content smile on Cas’ face, who was looking ahead into the distance. Maybe this idea hadn’t been so bad after all. Even though it was colder than Dean had anticipated. But seeing Cas like this, sharing a blanket with him under the bright winter sun – it was worth losing one or two toes to the frost.
You don’t quite dare to look at him because it is so bright
Would receive the punishment they deserved
. Of course I will stay. I will stay as long as you’ll have me and I’ll be happy to grow old by your side. I chose humanity over and over again. I chose this. I chose
But that was future talk.
“I think I’m gonna go and take a hot shower first, get some circulation back into my toes,” Dean said, pointing to the bathrooms, and Cas nodded in agreement.
Cas didn’t take long to respond, his lips moving against Dean’s hungrily, hands shifting until they were tightly gripping Dean’s shoulders. Dean lifted his own hands to bring them up against Cas’ jaw and nape, his fingers burying into his hair.
Than a gentle touch
Weaved into his robes
pretty cold after all), then led the way to the spot he had in mind.
,” Dean already replied before Cas could barely end his sentence. He earned a big grin for it.
Cas adjusting to being human again over the past few weeks had been difficult – especially because it seemed to be for good this time. Every last drop of his grace was gone, burned out in a final bargain against the Empty to let him go. Dean’s memories of that day were hazy, as if his brain froze up every time he tried to conjure an image of that vast, dark
“You’re right. Although I highly doubt, I will ever get accustomed to cold temperatures like these, no matter how much time goes by,” Cas added with a half-hearted chuckle and rubbed his hands to produce some warmth.
“Well yeah, you didn’t spend all your life learning to live with those needs, getting accustomed to them like any ordinary human,” Dean replied, pondering.
he reminded himself. He didn’t want to chicken out on Cas again when things got serious. And maybe, for once in his life, luck would stay with him for long enough to let all those plans turn into reality.
They both felt tired and giddy from being out in the cold for the whole day and Sam only peeked out of his room shortly to greet them – their shared looks and smiles were probably telling enough to not ask further.
It was a little awkward, undressing right beside Cas. He pointedly didn’t look where he assumed Cas must be standing butt naked right now, but one leg of his trousers thwarted his plans – just as Dean tried to pull his foot through, he got caught and hobbled around inelegantly for a moment, trying to regain his balance. He was already expecting an unpleasant meeting between his rump and the cold, hard tiles of the bathroom floor, when a strong arm grabbed him and stopped him from falling.
One could say
Dean cleared his throat and desperately tried to think of something normal to say, tried to act like holding hands with Cas wasn’t almost giving him a stroke right now.
Dean was too taken aback by the compliment to reply right away, and he looked at Cas who was holding his gaze now, eyes a captivating shade of blue under the clear winter sky. When the words finally settled in, Dean blushed
He sat down on the mattress and gently shook Cas’ naked shoulder.
Dean smiled shyly. “Me too. All of it.”
. He had taken all the bottles of alcohol he could find, locked them up in a closet and thrown away the key. He had bought fresh organic groceries from the farmer’s market and cooked himself healthy meals to eat while he binged through his entire collection of
Dean had entirely forgotten what his original question was. Instead, he said, “Wanna watch a movie later?”
And his eyes are so lively, you wouldn’t believe
was what he wanted to see in Dean.
He had tried to hold his promise to Sam, he had tried
Dean motioned for Cas to open the glove compartment, telling him to look for the one labeled ‘Led Zeppelin II’ and put it into the deck.
But he should have known, should have realized way sooner. Cas was different. Always has been.
But Dean had work to do.
It was hard to believe, but somehow – somehow Dean wanted to believe. He wanted to have faith in Cas really meaning what he said, because that would mean he
They came for Dean
?” he rumbled.
was the first song on the A side that started blaring from the speakers and Dean saw Cas moving and mouthing along the lyrics from the corner of his eyes.
“It isn’t important. I’m tired Dean, and we have a long journey ahead of us. You should sleep too.” Cas took his evening meds that the hospital had given him. He undressed to his boxers and t shirt, crawled under the thin covers of the motel bed and turned to face the wall.
“Just stepping out for a second Cas. Gotta feed the Moose, again.” Sam snorted. “ We’ll be right back, ok? Don’t go anywhere.” He joked. Dean looked for some sign of recognition, of consciousness, but there was none. He sighed, and squeezed Cas hand, settling it back on the bed. He followed his brother from the room.
“So...we’ve each branded the other with our mark, rescued each other from perdition. What now?” Cas asked. Dean looked at where Cas hand rested and chuckled.
“I’ll need to appear to still be bound and marked, though. If it's found that I’m not, this time there will be no mercy. I’ll be executed immediately. I can’t let that happen. I’m not leaving you again. I....need you, too, Dean.
“Shut up, bitch.” he snapped half heartedly. Sam just grinned wider.
“I had no choice. The Men of Letters would have taken you from me if I didn’t brand you, and I had to videotape the damn branding as proof! I did it, all of it, to keep you safe, Cas. To keep what’s left of our family together. Moms gone, again. Bobby, Charlie, Jo and Ellen, Dad.. all gone. I can’t lose you too. Not again. I...need you...here with me, Cas.” Doubt brewed in the angels deep blue eyes. Dean’s voice took on a note of desperation.
“OH MY GOD!!!”
“I don’t know. I really don’t care. I’m free of it, that’s what matters.” He stopped. “We gotta call Cas. Share this awesome news!” Sam smirked at him.
“Cas, it’s ok. We’ve done this at home a hundred times. You’ve got this.” Cas looked ready to faint at any moment.
Dean:Yes!(louder)
“Whoa, Cas, you ok, buddy?” The angel looked up at the green eyed hunter, unable to focus. His eyes rolled back in his head, and the darkness took him.
“I know. Shhh.”Sam replied. The nephilim ignored the exchange.
“Son of a BITCH! Why would he do this, Sam?” Sam smiled sadly.
“Technically, I am. All earthbound angels are now no more than the property of the beings that they helped create. Our time to rule, to lead, has passed.” He said sadly. "But thank you for not letting me get put into rougher, crueler hands."
“She told me, before the reaper took her to Heaven, to look to my brother Castiel for guidance. Where is he?” Sam looked down, tears welling in his hazel eyes. Brother. The nephilim considered Cas a brother, not an enemy.
"What if...what if he hates us now? What if we broke our friendship? If we broke him?" Dean gave his little brother a reassuring smile.
“Thank you for taking this poor, wretched being into your home, Master.” Dean flinched inwardly at the angel’s words. At his gestures. His heart was quietly breaking. He didn’t want this. Not from Cas. Not from anyone.  Dean pulled Cas back up to his knees. He put a gentle hand on the angels shoulder. Time for the tough questions.
I'll be right here, Dean
“Winchester.” Dean added.
“How long have you wanted...that, with me?” He repeated. Dean shifted up onto one elbow.
Dean and Cas had just arrived home from a grocery run. Leaving his purchases in the back seat, Dean stormed down the stairs from the garage and into the Bunkers library, shaking with anger. Cas followed, staying further back than was customary. Spotting his little brother at his usual place at the tables, the hunter strode over and slammed his hands onto the tabletop near the shaggy haired man, startling Sam from his reverie at his computer. Sam shot him a bitchface. Dean removed his goad and whip from his belt, and tossed them onto the table in disgust.
“Clarence.” The slave repeated.
Thankfully, the Men of Letters assumed the worst when Cas Grace vanished from their radar, and sent only a single investigator to the Bunker two days later. There he found funeral in progress. Around the wrists of the well wrapped body on the pyre were silver cuffs with red glowing runes. ‘Clarence’ had been slain by his owners for disobedience and attempted escape, after the incident in the store. A full report was made to the Brits, who accepted it without question. The funeral was attended only by Sam and Dean, the investigator, and a blond haired, blue eyed, flannel clad hunter named Steve.
“Castiel, Seraphim of the Third Choir, you have been found guilty of numerous crimes against both Heaven and Man. Among them, betrayal of and rebellion against Heaven.  Aiding humans in rebellion against Heaven. Failure to follow the orders of your superiors. Theft of Grace from fellow angels. Consorting and complicity with Hells agents. Theft of souls from Purgatory. Release of the Leviathan upon the Earth. Attempting to take our Fathers throne. Slaughter of fellow angels. Slaughter of innocent humans. Release of the Darkness from Her bonds, and the harm caused by her. Aiding the Fallen Ones escape from his prison by allowing him to inhabit your vessel. The slaughter of a Reaper, and numerous other crimes. For these many terrible crimes, the only punishment possible is death.”
“It was a girls school.” Sam replied. Private and kinda expensive, I’d guess.” The hunter thought for a moment, then got up from his seat.
UNIDENTIFIED HOMELESS MAN FOUND UNCONCIOUS IN ABANDONED HOUSE
“Overdose…what the fuck, Cas?”
“It”s ok Dean. I’ve wanted you for a long time, too. Since I pulled you out of Hell, actually. I just didnt know if, or how-” Dean put a hand on Cas arm.
You know how I feel Dean
******************
“I dunno. I thought that he would, have, too. But he will, Dean. He will.” Sam sighed. They had not eaten yet today, and Deans belly gave a loud rumble.
“Can it Sammy. But that doesn’t explain..." He looked at Jack, the kiss momentarily forgotten.
“Withdrawals?’’ asked Dean. He was having a hard time taking all of this in.
“Dean? What?” Dean tossed his phone at the wall with a snarl, smashing it.
I wasn't sure just when Cas' handprint vanished from Dean's shoulder, so I kinda "winged" it.
They had finally gotten out of the hospital, and had decided to stay one more night in the hotel before hitting the road the next morning for home. Sam got another room when they got there so that Cas would have his own bed that night. Dean sighed as he dropped the room key on the table by the door. A thought struck him, and he looked at Cas where he sat on the further of the two hotel beds.
“Goodbye, Dad. I hope you can hear this where you and mom are. I hope you’re happy there, together. I’m sorry I was mad at you all this time.” She looked over at Dean. “Dean was right. You are a hero. You gave up everything so that our world would survive. So that I would survive. Thank you, and...I am SO proud of you. I love you.“ She took a deep breath. “Goodbye, Castiel, you dorky little angel. I forgive you for taking my dad from me. I understand that you had to, to save us all, more than once… Thank you…for everything. I’m gonna miss you.” She sniffled. Sam spoke next.
”I don’t know what I have done to deserve you two. I am truly not worthy, but my Father has blessed me, anyhow.”  Both boys held him as he cried.
“Thanks. I think.” Dean hugged her closer.
“Its ok, Sammy. You did your best. You didn’t screw it up. It didn’t work as planned, that’s all.” Sam shook his head. Cas spoke up.
"Yes, you are."
"I’ve been given the great honor of escorting the soul of an Angel home.” She smiled at Cas, who returned it gratefully. “It’s time. You boys need to say goodbye.” Dean hadn’t seen Sam enter the room, but turned as he heard his brother gasp. When he saw Sams bereft expression all the anger drained from Dean. Sam fixed his gaze on Chuck, a silent question echoing between them.
“I know.” Cas smiled.
“When this vessel was destroyed and remade, the first time, Jimmy’s soul ascended to Heaven. When I later found myself alive, I changed them out of respect. Because I was no longer that man I had no right to his identity. And now that Amelia is with Jimmy, and Claire…well, she knows the truth. I guess no one is looking for him anymore.” Dean nodded.
It had been two days since their arrival at the hospital, and Cas still hadn’t regained consciousness. Sam had booked a motel room nearby. When he told the clerk he didn’t know how long they’d be staying- that they were visiting a very sick relative at the hospital-she gave him a sympathetic smile, and a hefty discount. Not that they needed it on fake credit cards, but the kindness of the gesture wasn’t lost on Sam. The hospital staff was also very kind, and let them stay around the clock, despite hospital rules.
“When is he gonna wake up, Sam? I would have thought that..that..being taken off the vent…That was harsh.” Dean said softly.
“CAS!!” He yelled, thoroughly panicked at the thought of what he might find. An injured angel. Burnt wingprints...Dean shook his head to clear it. He listened, but there was no answer, only the echo of his voice. Then silence. “CAS!!” More echoes. More silence.
“Shh, Dean. Shh. “Sam rubbed gentle circles on his back, soothing Dean as the elder had soothed him after childhood nightmares and scraped knees. Holding him tight, as Dean had held him after Jess' funeral. In a little while, the sobs became sniffles. Looking up, Dean suddenly realised that they were not alone. His face reddened with embarrassment. The other was watching him with a curious expression.
“Castiel, Seraphim, your life now belongs to me, to do with as I please. From this moment, until I cease to be, you have no will, no thought of your own.Your only needs are mine.” He looked down at the messy head of dark hair beneath him, at the bowed head. Smoke from the burning herbs wreathed it, looking like a halo. He reached over and took the collar from the table. Gently, reverently, he fastened it around the angel’s neck. Cas shuddered, then stilled.
“ A boat..?” He thought for a moment. Ah. Got it. Damn fanfiction writers and their terms!
Dean:Yes!(louder still)
Castiel finally gets to go home.
“And if I just wanted to scrap all these bullshit rules?” Cas looked at Dean, not quite meeting his eyes..
I’ll always be true
“No. There was this place, a club. Off campus. I learned there.” Deans eyebrows shot up, and a smirk came to his lips.
Dean:Yes.(growl)
Translation:OI AMEMA BOLAPE OZIEN CRP, PAID” This curse be mine alone, forever. (Enochian)
“Sam? How long have I been out?” He rubbed his eyes, stretched, and winced at the pain from his bandaged left shoulder. Sam put a hand on his arm to still him and keep him from causing himself any more agony.
“How? Magic like that doesn’t just vanish on its own.” Dean shrugged and walked out of the bathroom, carrying his clothes with him.
Dean smirked. He’d been Solo’d. By an Angel. Cas breaths grew shallower, farther apart. He sighed. One more breath…and silence. Both boys shook with sorrow, tears streaming down their faces. They stayed like that, holding Cas, for a very long time. When they had finally gathered themselves enough to look up, the room was empty but for them, and the body of their angel, who was now at peace.
“You make a good point. But this is as it is now. Through my...retraining, I have come to accept it. And I still don’t understand who Clarence is.” He said, with a puzzled head tilt.
“Leave him alone.” Dean panted from where he lay in a heap on the war room floor. Lucifer paused.
"No, Dean. I'm human, now, come what may. I don't care about my voice, or anything else having my Grace would return to me. My place is here with you two. It's by your sides wherever you are. I want to grow old with you, or to go down swinging  by your side on a hunt, not live millenia without you when you die. YOU are my family, Dean. You and Sam. I'm done with Heaven. Done being an angel.  I choose to live, and eventually die, as a man. I choose humanity. I choose the Winchesters, as I chose you both five years ago, and once again three years ago in September." He looked both of the hunters in the eyes, making sure they understood. Calming himself, he continued. " And after I die, however and whenever it happens, I hope that I'm also allowed to spend my eternity with you." He signed, his eyes warm with love.
“Cas. I’m sorry. I wish I didn’t have to… I wish things were different...” his voice faded.
“Castiel. Winchester. He’s family. OUR family.”  Sam nodded. Dean looked at the wrapped form. Cas could have been so much more to me, Dean thought.  If I'd only said something before...He remembered the ring that he had slipped on the finger of the angels left hand before he had tied the last knot around the shroud. The ring that had belonged to his mother, and should have found its new home long before. Now, it was too late.
Dean,
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s ok. As long as you’re here with me. That’s the only thing that matters.” Then it was Dean’s turn to look sheepish.
“Listen here, you sorry ass son of a bitch.” Dean growled low. “Get it through your thick skull that you are FAMILY to me and Sam. As Bobby taught us, family doesn’t end in blood, or begin with it. And family doesn’t abandon each other, even when things are really rough. Especially when things are really rough. Family looks after each other. You are going to get better, and you are coming home with us to the Bunker. We’ll take care of you until…well, just until. End of discussion.” Sam spoke from where he sat by the bed.
What happens to Cas after the battle with Amara ends. This story mostly excludes the last episode of S11, and sets a slightly different stage for S12.
“I thought we were friends, Dean. Family. I guess I was wrong.” Dean stepped closer, wanting to reach out and touch the angel, but not quite daring. Cas continued.
“Now, use it on the orange. A stabbing motion, as you would a dagger.” Sam stabbed at the orange. When the Goad made contact, there was a popping noise, and the orange jumped off the floor. Both boy’s eyes went wide. Dean gave a low whistle. The orange now had a small dark mark on its peel
“Care to share with the class, Sammy?” Sam ducked his head, turning away from his brother.
“How?” He asked, softly.
Cas:Will he offer me his jaws?
“Wait in the car, both of you. I’ll get this,” Sam said, shoving Dean back towards Baby. Cas followed a still fuming Dean back out to the car, and got into the backseat only after Dean had taken his place behind the wheel.
Everything has a price, including freedom...
“So, I guess I should fill you in on what happened after you vanished. Chuck and Amara called a truce, and talked it out. They’ve left humanity basically to itself, again. We dodged that bullet, huh?” Dean sighed. He grasped Cas limp hand. “You gotta come out of this, Cas. You gotta come back to us. We need you. I need you. We’ve been looking for you ever since you vanished. I was so afraid that we lost you for good this time. That we would find a charred set of wing prints on some wall…and…” He couldn’t finish. “Please, come back.” He whispered.
“Its ok, Dean, but you needed to know the power you held.” He turned, taking the two whips off of the table. They measured about six feet from end to tip, and terminated in a single, cruel, tail. “Now for the whips. Have either of you ever used one before?” Dean shook his head. Sam looked at the ground, his face crimson. Deans eyes narrowed at his little brothers reaction.
“Cas! Thank….We saw the priest leaving your room, and we thought...” Dean stopped, swallowing hard. Cas’ gaze had become sad and soft. His blue eyes were suddenly wet with tears.
Marachiel looked down at the silent captive. Raising the sword high, he brought it down, and in a single stroke severed both of the angels wings from where they met his shoulders. Castiel gave a wordless cry as his wings, and his Grace with them, were detached from his being. The newly severed wings hung limply from the hooks like a pair of leaves in the fall, twitching only slightly. The luster faded from the feathers, and they quickly became dry and brittle in appearance, as a thing long dead.
“DEEAAAANN!!” Sam yelled from the Bunker doorway.
“Yeah. Then you cleared out the chow line. You were gassy for a week after that.” Sam wrinkled his nose at the memory.
“Holy shit,” Dean said blankly. His expression, as he shot looks at Castiel, bounced between awestruck, grateful and terrified.
“You can have a hug, or another drink,” Dean said, shooting him a glance.
Castiel: It was a lapse in judgement, which was spawned in the ocean of your charm.
“He doesn’t want me putting my name next to his,” Cas said. His voice veered off into a staccato inflection. “I don’t know what the problem is. It’s paid for and I won’t care after I’m dead.”
At home, much later, Cas looked up from the draftsman’s table he’d inherited from his father, an architect, and thought about Dean.
“Oh boy,” Dean said helplessly. He began to hiccup.
“What? No! I’m the last person to give advice to anyone! Be free and happy! There’s an old saying, I was told it was Spanish, ‘Take what you want and pay for it!’” and I’m living proof of that, I got the best deal on chickens in history and got totally hosed anyway.”
“Well, maybe they’re Christians and they’ll turn the other cheek. Do you remember which church they used to go to, if they did? You could ask the pastor about them,” Dean said helpful.
“Yeah, you can leave out how he makes you sandwiches with the perfect amount of mustard and you look at him like a lovestruck teenager,” Garth said, in pretty much the same helpful tone of voice.
“I’m going to go eat,” Dean said.
“I can be quiet if you can,” Dean said, and Castiel stifled a laugh when he felt around under the bed and pulled out knee pads. Hoarsely he replied, “What? I use ‘em when I’m scrubbing floors!”
“Friends do not terrify their friends. Whatever this is? It is closer to torture than friendship, and if you are the person in charge of it you must stop it immediately.”
“Man, I told you not to try to convert me,” Dean said, face screwed up.
Dean: I’m too weird once people get to know me.
“Trouble is,” Dean said with a rueful chuckle, and as if he hadn’t heard Cas, “It’s something I’ve stopped looking forward to.”
“No. Please don’t repeat the question. I have one of my own. Will you marry me?”
Three nights later, Dean had the most intense dream he’d ever had in his entire life. It started with a space battle, or what looked like it, enormous ships whipping past each other and firing energy bolts; then his perspective shifted, or his vision cleared, and he realized that it was angels fighting demons. Cas appeared in front of him, hanging in mid-air. He seemed to be a commander among the angels. “You should not be here!” He could feel that voice go through his skin and bones.
in advance, I ain’t liked one word out’ your fucking mouth so far,” Dean growled.
“Then get on the phone to your brother, who actually keeps chickens, and tell
“Ain’t nobody understand that shit, we just live with it,” Dean said. “And please start saying ‘being gay’ rather than ‘homosexuality’ because it makes you sound like a pervy old relic.”
After that, they were texting every couple of days.
The voice was level. “Can I help you this morning?”
“Yeah,” Dean said. He knew anything he said would just make things worse. He could feel the flush in his neck and his ears and he felt like his eyes were on fire, but he kept his stupid mouth shut.
“Hey, wait a minute,” Dean complained, “That’s a song on the radio.”
“Naw, don’t be like that, I fucked up,” Dean said. “I should never try to police your own gayness for you,” he said. “I’m sorry,” Dean said, and hugged Castiel from behind, putting his head on his shoulder and enjoying the clean, damp warmth of his skin.
“C’mon in,” Cas said laconically, and loped up the front steps.
“I can’t forget about God!” Castiel said, scandalized.
“You got a roommate two days ago? I take it Sam knows all about him,” Benny said.
“This was what I was driving at.”
“I’m Dean,” he said. He turned sideways and, being two-dimensional, almost vanished. “No memory of any of this?”
Dean: Try the hell out of it. You’ll figure out I’m weird. I shouldn’t worry. Nothing lasts anyway, right? you’re the perfect person to agree with me.
Castiel: I’m sorry I should not have said that.
“What? No! Okay, I used to, but then my brother rang my bell pretty hard.”
thing other than what his stupid monkey brain did to him next; he laughed in sheer relief.
“No. You know I want to kiss you so bad I feel like my brain is imploding.”
Brother Jerome had accompanied him, and, sensing his moment to bail would never look so good, abandoned his boss and fled from Haven with about half a million dollars in cash. “He talked about moving to Thailand,” Castiel said.
“Well, you just ate, so probably not for a few minutes,” Dean said.
“Absolutely the hardest of all hard fucking passes.”
“It’s because of the interdimensional passage, and collision, before we arrived. Castiel had memorized thousands of volumes of lore, in hundreds of languages but they were knocked out of his mental reach. For whatever reason - probably because we are a very well established vessel-guest dyad - I can see them and pass the knowledge to Castiel. I’m not a passive vessel. We’re partners.”
Another home birth; a weird coincidence. “Now you’re going to tell me your birth was never registered.”
“But they don’t know about here, right? That you’re here?” Dean said.
“They poop a lot, Dean. Like, more than seems possible, and a fuckton more often than necessary, in my opinion.” Sam hardly ever swore, but he had to shovel chicken shit once a week or it got too gross for words in his little backyard hobby farm/zoo, which he’d thought would be fun for the kids, and just meant tons of dirty physical work for him and Eileen. But Eileen loved the goddamned chickens, and so did the kids, and, hey! eggs!
Watching his surrogate father give up on life was traumatizing Dean, but he didn’t say anything about that.
“I’m gonna check your fucking luggage before you go,” Dean said.
? I thought we were friends with benefits, not dating,” Cas said.
“Yeah,” Sam said. He was starting to get into it. “That sounds about right. How’d you find that out?”
“Whatever you do, don’t say yes,” Gabe said, his face dark with concern for Castiel and astonishment with Dean’s actions.
Castiel trembled in his arms from head to foot. He was aching with need for him, Dean could feel it. The conflict was evident too.
“What? We’re consulting Jimmy now?” Sam said with unease. “I thought he was –”
“I can’t take a thousand chickens,” Dean said in mounting horror. He scooted out from under the car and sat up.
“Doc, are you telling me that your laughing muscles are out of shape?” Dean said impishly.
“Jimmy Novak,” the voice said.
“What, his investment didn’t pay off?” Dean asked shrewdly. “He’s all butthurt ‘cause you decided you’re not priest material?”
“Yeah. If you’re still here in the morning you get pancakes.”
Castiel shook his head and got that bossy tone that always made Dean feel very compliant. “Who knows what lies he’s telling Sam? He may be my relative but he won’t have a problem trying to cheat Sam in some way.”
“Kinda intensely so,” Dean said with a lopsided grin. “But if I promise not to critique you, you wanna take charge?” and got the shock of his life when Castiel took him at his word. He reached under Dean’s left arm and over his right shoulder and pulled him in, kissing him softly at first and then with more and more intensity.
“Can I speak to you privately?”
“It’s kind of none of his business, isn’t it?” Dean asked, looking perplexed.
“‘Google and Wick-a-pee-dee-a’,” Castiel repeated dubiously.
no delivery room, just their bedroom at home. Dean got a chuckle every time Eileen described her relatives being freaked out that she was going to die in childbirth. Eileen was as tough as an old boot; it hardly seemed likely.
“Not unless we’ve set a date,” Cas warned. “That’s the next thing people ask.”
“Nope, you gave them to me already,” Castiel said, which wasn’t true. “It’s about you living here.”
Castiel was abruptly back.
“That’s because you’re a degenerate gambler and I’m betting, ha ha, poor choice of words, that you maxed out your last two credit cards and now you’re hitting Castiel up for cash which you’ll gamble away before you apply it to your debts. And even if you applied it to your debts, you’d just run yourself up again. Declare bankruptcy.”
Cas was exclaiming from a slam. Dean covered his mouth with his own, and then things got weird, and slow, and sensuous. Anyone watching them, not hearing how their shallow breathing had sped up, might think they’d fallen asleep while kissing.
“We should figure out how to look for your aunts.”
Make a list of people you want to contact!
Cas said something inaudible and looked beseechingly at Dean. “Is this man bothering you?” Dean said calmly.
Castiel: Your sofa must be covered in ass prints.
They snuck into the bedroom and Cas grabbed Dean and smashed his mouth into Dean’s and he let him do whatever he wanted, and it was amazing. It also changed, really fast. Within thirty seconds the lights were off, he was flat on his back, fully clothed, and Cas was grinding on him.
“Does that worry
“You looked through my things while I was in the shower,” Castiel said. He didn’t seem upset about it. “I told you, all I have is my clothes.”
“Holy shit,” Dean said blankly. He couldn’t tell whether it was grim humour or Castiel being literal.
/// /// ///
“I don’t like fighting with my family,” Cas said. Dean was happy he hadn’t taken it the wrong way. Another customer came in and Dean waved her through since she wanted no more than a celebratory joint upon learning that her company had decided to stop pee-testing employees, ‘as a cost reduction measure’. Cas barely smiled, but Dean chuckled at that.
“Sure, Cas,” Dean said.
“Like to see you try,” Dean scoffed.
Most work days flew by, anyway. Today, Dean was a wreck.
“Yup, just like it says on the label. Although these days pansexual is an option,” Dean said. “So chicken thighs would be okay, I take it.” He said, ‘I take it’ in a lightly mocking way, but Castiel didn’t notice.
“I’m driving out to see the chickens now,” Dean said, determined to sound like a man with a plan. “My brother’s run down a dozen crates and a truck, and I’m just trying to think of how I get them transferred to another farm, or to people who want backyard chickens.”
“Oh, don’t fucking tell me.”
Dean: Are you calling me or am I calling you.
“Don’t beat yourself up,” Dean said.
It felt weird to be pulling up to an actual weed store, with a big green marijuana leaf on the door, and
The pressure built and built over a few minutes. Dean had just enough time to understand what was happening before his hips stammered out the semaphore of his orgasm.
“Things go okay?”
Cas got stuck in front of him at a level crossing. He sauntered back to rap on Dean’s window.
Dean: How exactly? I was trying to be funny.
Cas had rarely been so happy to leave work. Dean greeted him with whining.
Epilogue
Cas didn’t trust his voice to carry his intentions for a moment. Finally he said, “If that’s what you want, I’m content with things continuing like this.”
“You’re kidding,” Cas said. He sought Dean’s gaze and Dean looked back to see the relief and gratitude.
“You blaspheme a great deal,” Castiel said with a note of disapproval.
“Tell me more,” Dean allowed.
“That private,” Gabe said, making a gesture as if to underline the words. Castiel looked outraged, of course, but said nothing.
Dean snorted.
“Not having sex with you is
“That’s good,” Dean said gently, dropping his hands to the sore spots.
Mary was a delight too; she was pleasantly respectful of his knowledge, and she made a single observation about the store layout which stunned him like a mule kick at first, and then spurred him into the first major re-design of the planogram since he and his husband had stopped bickering about it and come to a compromise.
“I changed my mind,” Cas said. “I want to open you with my fingers. They’ll be warmer,” he added.
Dean heard himself sigh and his eyes closed. He made a little sound in his throat. Castiel hummed into his mouth. Time stopped and restarted with a few long, slow strokes of Castiel’s tongue.
“Novak Animal Clinic,” a deep voice said.
“What,” Dean said against his mouth.
Dean shrugged again. Bobby hadn’t gone to the wedding; he and Sam had fallen out a couple of years back and he hadn’t been invited. It was a slap in the face to the man who had practically raised him, but what could you do? Sam had fallen in love with a rich girl and his life had changed, and Bobby’s most emphatically had not.
Dean sighed. “Time to light the lights.”
“And no money,” Dean said.
“Send me a dick pic and we’ll talk about it some more,” Cas said soothingly.
“I know you probably don’t want to talk about it, but you spent hours on this; what do I owe you?” Dean said. He sounded flat.
He could hear his own voice, yelling, and woke up completely to hear Castiel’s calm voice in the darkness. “You’re all right. It was just a bad dream.”
“Don’t date anybody more than a couple of years older than you. You’re more likely to get manipulated by an older partner. Don’t go anywhere with anyone alone in a car. If some guy shows you that he’s mean and hurtful, believe him. Walk away, no matter how much fun his dick is to ride. Educate yourself about gay culture, but don’t watch porn all day, real life’s not much like that. Always use a condom, don’t skimp on the lube…. I dunno what else to say.”
Castiel: I didn’t spend the money on the joint tombstone.
“The candles are for anyone, as a demonstration of your attention to why you are praying, and your intention to discern God’s will,” the man added.
Dean walked closer. The man, who was wearing a well-tailored suit, ignored him or, as was more likely, didn’t see him. In the sickly orange streetlight, attenuated after lighting the street and a strip of grass before the beach began, Dean caught a sharp nose and a goofy smile.
Dean stayed for breakfast, and he pretty much never left.
“We’ve been dating less than two days and you’re already on at me about my alcohol consumption.”
The door bell rang.
“I knew it,” Castiel said, moving to get off the bed.
Castiel said nothing, but his eyes got cartoonishly big and he walked around the table to kiss Dean.
“Yeah Sam, I get it, I really do. They poop.”
“That’s part of what’s so funny,” Dean said. “Now we have to figure out how to get you some ID, but in the meantime, after work, do you want to go get some clothes?”
“All true.”
Gabe admired the car for a minute; normally Dean was on that kind of sweet talk with a spoon, but not from this lying, cheating troublemaker. “Cut the crap. What are your debts?”
“What weed have you got for a hot date?” he asked, winking badly. The smile turned into a leer.
“Hey,” Dean said, standing far enough away now to assess him. “You okay?”
Castiel is TOO CUTE and MUST BE KISSED
“I’ll cough,” Castiel gloomily predicted.
“It’s really quite nice,” he said.
Dean was talking shop as if it was no big thing. Cas heaved his prejudices over a very tall fence and took a breath. Before he could say a word, Dean was off again.
Asked to provide details on how they met, Dean was inclined to say, “It was an Act of God.”
know how to do, which is write in that journal. I’m afraid I’m going to need another one within a week or so, if I keep writing this much. I wrote 4300 words today.”
“Fuck that noise. You’re exactly the right age, old enough to know better.”
“Probably.”
“Are you two….?” Ash asked. Mr. Tact was not one of his soubriquets.
Dean literally looked around as if there were someplace the two might hide, and nothing. He found his cellphone and texted his brother.
“When do I start feeling drunk?” he asked.
“Jesus fucking Christ in tit clamps,” Dean said, too horrified by this not to exclaim in the vernacular.
I closed the distance between us until there was a handspan between our chests.
Cas was justifiably alarmed. “What?”
“Do you need to go to a meeting?” the man asked gently.
Dean, despite the stunning grandeur of the view, was curious enough to ask. “How?”
Cas nodded, and then stared at Dean with a level, intent gaze. After a while he said, “Why are you taking me in?”
“It’s personal,” the man said. “But I think I can safely say that I’m praying for strength tonight.”
“No. Do you want me to tell you if —?” Castiel asked, his voice faint and sleepy.
They gazed at each other, Dean almost horrified, Castiel stoic. “More or less. Now that I’m sitting in your kitchen, I can’t believe I stayed there for almost two decades.”
Castiel: So how high school are we going to get.
“You better,” and with that, the old man turned around and went back into the office. He deliberately stood on the part of the half-step up that squeaked like a mouse saying ‘Idjit!’ as he went by, and Dean winced to himself.
“Like that makes it better? I can be jerking off in front of fifteen hundred people at a time, I don’t find that dates consider that an improvement on, you know, taking ‘em on in ones and twos.”
“No!” the man yelled. “I’m trying to talk some sense into him. Maybe you’ll have better luck,” and the man stormed out, making the bell over the door sound unhappy, somehow.
“So how many crates, total?”
“You need to shut your mouth,” Dean growled.
“Really, Cas, you should hold up.”
Dean: WTF ok friendo ya lost me
“Yeah,” he said. “I guess I do. So now I get to be nosy. Who’s this Gabe guy to you?”
“Hard to say. It all happened in the context of a discussion,” Dean said.
He was driving across the last bridge before his apartment, and with a certainty he could not justify but was compelled to act on, he knew the man standing looking over that parapet was going to jump into the river.
“Do you need my waist and thigh measurements for sissy panties?” Dean quipped.
“Naw, I’m good,” Dean said. “So, what do you have on for today?”
“Dean! It isn’t like that and – damnit, I’m only human.”
“You should probably sleep in your own bed,” Castiel said. The kitchen clock said 10:35.
Sam’s blush darkened into anger, but he kept his gaze on Castiel. “I think I caught honeymoon cruise. Did you become bondmates with Dean?”
“What’s missing?” Dean asked, frowning. Castiel rolled onto his side to look at Dean. Watching him force himself to speak nearly ended Dean. He was obviously in pain, but he didn’t stop.
“Are you yanking my chain?” Dean asked. “I should go,” he said, making for the door handle. Cas fended him off easily. “Youngest black belt in goju-ryu karate in Washington State history,” Cas said. “I could go all day, and you’d be a whimpering mass of bruises at the end of it.”
“I’m going to be gone for a couple of days,” Dean said. He had another couple of days off. Bobby needed to know not to expect him.
The second time they put their dukes up, Eileen caught them, but their first clue was when she appeared out of nowhere and began to strike her husband in the chest and face, while he looked down on her in stupefaction, his hands in fists at his sides. He began to block her, and she stepped back.
“Dean, are you worried?”
“No, he’s not,” Castiel said, with the same tight smile.
“Dean… blackmail material.”
Dean said, “I don’t think I got it all. Throw me the washcloth,” and Cas had the joy of watching Michael process exactly what Dean was referring to - slowly, but inexorably - and to consider the streaks on his clothes with the kind of disgusted wrath one normally associated with a cartoon character.
“Humility is a virtue,” Castiel said. He stood, almost lost his balance, and said, “You aren’t saved, are you?”
“Are you gonna to try to convert me?” Dean said. His tone had changed; he was obviously joking.
“The hell?” Dean said, turning to face the door. “We expecting anyone?”
Hannah said, “I’ll keep him out of your hair.”
He didn’t seem to find it amusing, so Dean tucked his smile away with his hand. Castiel gave a gentle shrug.
Gabe picked up his book. “Fine, but I’m going over the furniture with a UV light when you’re done.”
Castiel stared at Dean, who responded by saying, “What, did you think I’m trying to ditch you? You can stay as long as you need to. Relax.”
“It’s a memory foam mattress with six hundred thread count sheets and extra firm pillows,” Dean said. The implication that it would soon be thoroughly ravaged made itself clear to everyone else in the room.
But it had been like that with his Cas. Nothing much had changed. He’d die for this Castiel, too. Comparisons about his level of commitment to his partner no longer seemed to matter.
Dean: Np.
“You can fuck me,” Dean said. “I just didn’t expect that, and you sounded so apologetic - that’s what made me laugh. Leave the lights off. I didn’t mean to make you stop.” It seemed easier to talk to him like this, warm and gently teasing, in the dark.
Her reaction when she’d learned they were sleeping in the same bed but not having sex – Castiel had let it drop, which surprised Dean – had really stuck in Dean’s craw. He wrinkled his nose as he thought of her.
Castiel: I’m sorry to be so predictable. Since you don’t seem to be answering now I’ll assume something came up and I’ll talk to you later.
Then, as if Cas was appearing in front of him through the power of some magic spell, he and Gabe
“Cas? Now you’re seriously pissing me off. The answer is, ‘as long as you need to be’. Lemme ask you a question. Do you feel you have to be somewhere else? Are there family you have to go back to?”
,’ lecture in mind. ‘
“You need to get the word out as to how many and what breed and what condition they’re in as fast as you can. Did you want me to come along with you?”
“I bet you can’t. My name is Dean.”
“My bro’s a lawyer,” Dean said, with false consternation. “Should I be worried about him suing me?”
“Rocky’s? I know it,” Castiel said with a smile in his voice. “I’ll see you shortly.” Castiel promptly did something foolish; he looked up Dean Winchester on social media. The Facebook account was locked but Instagram was loaded with dimple-cheeked nephews; a chicken coop; a brother and sister-in-law who were gorgeous and oh so in love, and Dean himself, who was, in the telling slang expression, ‘a snack’, whether he was showing off his car or pointing to the garage he’d just cleaned out. Castiel scrolled back. There were no pictures of a significant other more recent than two years ago, a woman with pointy cheeks and red hair.
“He went into law because he’s damned good at putting an argument together. Or maybe he put the eight inches in height and the yard in reach he’s got on that pipsqueak mofo to good use, and just hauled him to the meeting against his will.”
It had taken a great deal of effort to convince Sam that he could leave Dean alone for a few days to visit Eileen, that Dean would not drink himself to death or do any other stupid stuff that could bring him into an early grave. He had to promise it to Sam. Sam wasn’t stupid – he knew all of his brother’s dangerous coping mechanisms. He knew that it was different with, with –
But not everything is safe about Dean
They went silent for a moment. Dean was thinking of something to say, even started opening his mouth to speak, when all of a sudden the water temperature changed and pure ice-water started raining down on them. The noise that left Dean’s throat barely counted as a squeak and they scrambled out of the shower in lightning speed.
Dean. That he loved him
When Castiel found out that Dean was held captive
He wanted to get Cas back. He
DVDs.
They remained like that for what felt like an eternity. Sharing warmth, sharing their breaths, sharing their profound bond that had existed for so long between them; the bond that had been bent so often, but could never be broken. Not by Chuck, not by anyone else who tried to strip them of their free will.
Because every god knew the laws of their universe
And raised him from the perdition of his prison
“Cas, you don’t have to-.“ Dean began, his voice rough and low, but Cas shushed him.
Until he and Dean were united again
Hesitantly and unsure if he understood Cas’ intentions correctly, Dean skidded closer until Cas could wrap one half of the blanket around Dean’s right shoulder. Cas didn’t seem satisfied with the blanket situation yet, because he reached behind them to get another one and pulled it over their shoulders as well. But the blankets weren’t made to cover two grown men that sat five feet apart ‘cuz they’re not gay awkwardly far from each other, so Cas moved as close as he could into Dean’s personal space until their sides were tightly pressed together.
“Were you and he…you know…?” Dean made a rough gesture.
“No, smartass. I know how you get it. Shared needles. Unprotected…sex.” The thought of him with anyone in that way made Dean physically ill. He took a deep breath. ”I meant he was only missing for six months. How can he be that sick, that soon?”
“Good advice.”
Cas: (whispers) And does he love me?
It had been almost five years since Cas gave up his Grace, and his voice, to save himself and the Winchesters. Five years since he became human. Five years since the last spoken word, the last 'Hello, Dean.' He'd been living in the Men of Letters Bunker, with Sam and Dean since 'his' funeral. He communicated using sign language now, which he'd learned quickly with Sams help. The trio rarely hunted, instead working with other hunters, and a few select civillians,  who disliked the laws regarding angels.They had become part of the effort to set them free.
“Yeah, But if you want any more than this, you’re gonna have to wait till tomorrow.” Cas nodded, eyes closing. Then the tensed and his eyes snapped back open with the realization of exactly what Dean had said.
“No, Dean, I’m the one who should be apologizing. You did what you had to, because you care about me. I’m being ungrateful to the man who kept me from hell on Earth. Who saved me from execution, or worse. Thank you, Dean. I forgive you for branding me.” A single tear slipped down Dean’s cheek. Dammit, here he was acting like a teenage girl, yet again. What WAS it about this angel…?
“I’ll be right here, Dean
Under the short article was a picture. He was thin, and bruised, but the person in that hospital bed was definitely Cas. Even if he couldn’t see his eyes, he KNEW. They had been searching for him ever since he vanished during the battle with Amara. Typically that meant looking for any unusual occurrence that could have been from an angel. This was not even a possibility they had considered. Sam returned from the kitchen with two steaming mugs. He handed one to Dean, who set it down on the nightstand next to his gun.
The Winchesters didn't bother hiding any of this from the authorities, figuring that the Brits had already been informed of what they were up to. Instead, they created new wards on the Bunker walls, deflecting any possible interference from the Men of Letters. New, complex, locks kept any surprise visits from them at bay. The stodgy Old Men were furious when they discovered that they'd been shut out by a trio of barbarian Hunters, but soon realized that their protests were futile.The American stronghold was no longer at their disposal. It was now Angel HQ. Enemy territory.  Numerous attempts were made to retake the Bunker, and on the lives of those within. They failed miserably.
That end comes on a hunt on the East coast, less than a year later. It's one of many they've been on since the angel saga ended.  After parking Baby in a nearby field, and concealing her under some brush, the trio entered the abandoned warehouse. It had last been used to store fish prior to shipping. The whole place stank of brine and rotteness. Sam wrinkled his nose as the door was opened.
“Listen, you need a break.” Sam said “Why don’t we grab a bite in the cafeteria.  He’ll be fine for a few minutes. He’s breathing on his own, now. And the nurses promised to text me if something comes up. C’mon. Please?” He gave Dean a puppy eyed look. Dean relented.
“Well, fuck a duck.” Dean breathed. Cas laughed.
“Enough. To give him time to say his goodbyes.” Chuck replied.
“I...I’m Sam-”
“Um..yeah. And you are?” Sam asked, trying to delay what seemed like his inevitable smiting.
“Sure. Just a few formalities, first. Does he have any other family?” Dean shook his head.
“ I was told, during training, that it would happen. That my new owner would mark me as his. Brand me, again. I thought that...that you and Sam could find some way around it. I never thought you’d actually DO it…” Dean’s voice was soft.
“Remember when I said that I’d rather have you, cursed or not?” Dean asked. Cas nodded. “Well I MEANT that. Cursed, broken, whatever. You belong with us.”
“Will you sit the fuck down, Cas. We are alone. No one is going to see.”The angel looked down.
“Showtime” He chirped as he gestured for the pair to proceed him. Dean sighed, and squared his shoulders.
“I’m so sorry that we had to do that to you.” He nodded at the branded shoulder. Cas eyes went cold, and he looked away
Three weeks went by. Cas never moved, never spoke. His eyes stayed closed. Meanwhile, Sam had translated the page Cas had written the spell on with great difficulty. Enochian had never been his forte. They found that, normally, the Mark would simply be a curse. Easy enough to remove. The wording of Cas spell, however, had changed that. He had locked the Mark onto himself, after removing it from all other Bearers, and had thrown away the key. Even if they had a way to remove it, the warding surrounding Cas had proved impenetrable by any means at their disposal. So,not only was he cursed, but Dean was unable to touch him. To hold him. Unable to give any comfort, to Cas or to himself. If Cas even knew he was there…
“The power button is the large one, and the smaller controls the settings.” He removed two small oranges from the pockets of his loose pants and set them on the floor. “Ok, turn them on.“ Both boys hit the power switch, and the prods came on with a low hum. Dean grinned.
“Yes.” Deans grin got wider.
“Just do it.” Cas glared at his owner, eyes steely, voice hard. Dean swallowed and nodded once. Sam spoke up.
“Cas, I love you, too.” Dean sang. Cas turned to him, eyes wide and full of unshed tears. He opened his mouth to say something, But Dean leaned forward and silenced him with another gentle kiss. “I have for a long time, my angel.” Cas leaned in putting his arms around the hunter, holding him close. He whispered a question in Dean’s ear.
“Ok, but only until things change. Once all angels are free again, the Grace is yours. My heart...is yours forever. It has been, for a long time now.” Dean murmured, too low for Sam to hear. Cas nodded, his eyes brimming with tears. He was hopeful that someday, somehow, he and his brothers would be free. That he and the Winchesters could make that happen. That love would find a way.
“Hello, Dean. I’m sorry I couldn’t answer your call. Or your prayers. If you’re hearing this, I’ll assume that what I did, worked. I just wanted you to know... that I had to do something. I couldn’t stand to see you suffer anymore. Not even one more day with that…thing on your arm eating away at your soul. I’m not sure what will happen next. What will become of me. If the worst does happen, I need you to know that I’m so very sorry, Dean. And that I love you." The message ended with no beep. Dean looked at Sam, his eyes wide, his face gone pale.
“I know. I felt her pass. Her last living words were telling me he loved me. She gave her life for mine. She was a good woman.” Sam nodded.
“Anything, Dean.” Cas replied
“Its all right, Lets just sleep now, and I promise we’ll come back to this, soon.” They settled down, wrapped up in each other, and soon both were sound asleep.
"I understand. It's part of being a slave." He shrugged, and winced at the pain from the new brand.
“You didn’t run away. You and Lucifer fought bravely." Dean said "Amara sent out a blast to disable Lucifer. You both vanished before our eyes. We thought you were both dead until Amara mentioned that the blast had only sent you away, and that Lucifer had already left your vessel before the blast reached you. We haven’t stopped looking for you since then. We’ve been keeping our eyes out for angel related events, always wanting it to be you. It never dawned on us that you could be human, again. Maybe we would have found you sooner if we had realized… As for the rest of it, it doesn’t matter. You’re human. Humans make mistakes.”
“We need to hurry and get it done, then. Before an alert gets to the Men of Letters that the cuffs have been tampered with. I don’t know what it could do, and at this point it doesn’t matter. It could kill me, yes, but there IS NO other option available and no time to find one. Its either risk it, or be taken and executed. I won’t let that happen, not to any of us. We’ll figure everything else out, after.” Dean sighed, resigned to yet another iffy solution to a difficult problem.
He could speak to the angel, he just needed to be careful of his words. He could still let him know that it was going to be ok. They just had to get through the next hour, and then he and Sam and Cas could return home to the bunker. To normal life. Well, as normal as their lives ever got. He strode up to the still kneeling angel and pulled him roughly to his feet. Grabbing him by the arms, he shook the angel.
“Thanks, Cas.” He whispered. The angel nodded, and put a hand on Dean’s shoulder, the one he had gripped on the journey out of Hell.
“Ok. For you.” He allowed Dean to help him from the garage, into the Bunker.
Cas:Yes (bares his throat to Dean, who nips at his neck.)
The other option, if the angel really wanted to stay Earthside, was for them to pemenantly give up their Grace and live as a human. A scant few took this option, having seen the creulty and barbarism of man firsthand. Once the Grace was removed, and safely stored for transport to Heaven, they were healed. They generally spent a few weeks after that with the Winchesters in the Bunker, finding their feet and getting the (fake) documentation it would take to live in the human world.
“Heya, Cas. We're here. We finally found you. Sammy’s here with me, and you’re gonna be okay. Sam?” Deans voice cracked.
“So most of this, the rules and stuff, is just review for you.” Dean said.
Dean picked up his food and sat down on the cushions next to Cas. Cas looked at him wide eyed for a moment, but then smiled softly, glad for the company of the green eyed hunter.
“Call me if you have any questions.” He gave a sympathetic look in Deans direction, and left.
“No. This isn’t right.“ Eyes pleading, he turned to Chuck. “Heal him, Please.” Chucks voice was quiet, but unyeilding.
"I'm tired, Sam. I'll be okay on my own now. Thank you for staying with me." Sam, knowing he'd been dismissed, got up and left the room, pausing at the door for a moment to peek back at the angel. He closed the door quietly, leaning on it for a moment to collect himself before talking to Dean
“She’ll understand, someday.”
“You mean a 'ship'? As in a relationship? Yes, Cas, I guess it does.” Sam peeked out from where he had hidden outside the door. He’d followed Dean out of curiosity, and was so glad now he had! He stepped into the room.
Siobhan sent off a quick text to her wife.
“Almost a full day.” He started to get up. “You want me to get Dean? He went for a quick nap. He’s been here almost the whole time, but he couldn’t keep his eyes open, so I sent him off to sleep in your room.” Cas pulled him back down to his seat.
Dean laughed almost happily at that, but it was short lived. “Well, we've all been through hell, so let’s just make the best of this,” Dean said.
Kinda short, I know. Sorry.
The lights went out, and when they flickered back on moments later, Sam and Dean were alone.
“I hope you are grateful for my mercy, Castiel. I took great effort to acquire you, even after all you had done. They wanted to execute you, but I couldn’t let that be. I wanted you to be mine. Only mine. I wanted no other hands to harm you.” His voice was harsh, but he hoped that Cas would look up at him, would see the real meaning of his words in his eyes.
What had been a two day journey there took the better part of five days on the return. They let Cas sleep in as long as they could every morning, and called it a day as soon as he became fatigued. They stopped often to eat or just to stretch their legs. Dean made sure Cas ate well, and that he took all of his medications. It had been a long trip but now, finally, they were home. Dean helped Cas out of Baby, while Sam unpacked their bags from the trunk. Cas looked sheepish as he leaned on the cars hood, suddenly dizzy. Dean rushed to his side, slipping under his arm for support.
There is a slight crossover here. DON'T BLINK! or you'll miss it. Its not tagged on purpose. Spoilers, sweetie!
The door opened, and Castiel, Angel of the Lord was shoved roughly in by two burly guards. The “holy tax accountant” outfit was gone, he now wore only the loose white drawstring pants of a slave. His wrists bore cuffs of thick metal, seamless, etched with the Enochian runes that bound his Grace and left him unable to smite, to fly, or to heal even himself. The cuffs were linked together by a thick, short chain. On his left shoulder was a brand, half healed and still angry red. It was the Aquarian Star, symbol of the Men of Letters. This was his mark, his identification as an angel, and now as a slave. He looked thinner, drawn. Dark circles ringed his eyes. Half healed cuts and bruises stood out on his now pale skin. His eyes were dull, his demeanor subdued. He seemed a shadow of the powerful being he had once been. He looked fragile. Almost…human. He stood, eyes downcast, where the guards had left him before they retreated to the doorway. Dean ceased his pacing, coming to stand in front of the smaller man.
"You know what that means Cas. You can have your voice back, now. No one is hunting you. You can -"  Cas shook his head.
“I don’t understand. I’ve tried every variation of the counterspell. The only thing that happened is that now the runes glow red. If we go back, it’ll trip the bunker wards for sure!” His voice rose in panic, as he shook with tears of rage and shame. “We can’t go home, Dean. Ever. They’ll take Cas. Or they’ll track us here, and kill him, and us as well. I’m so sorry Cas, Dean. I must have screwed it up.” His tears spilled over, rolling down his cheeks. Cas placed a comforting hand on Sam’s shoulder as Dean gathered his brother in and held him tight.
"CAS!" Dean calls. The former angel looks over, his face lighting up with a brilliant smile. He slides off the car and hurries to meet his hunters. His husbands. The two men crash into him and envelop him in a hug that would have crushed his ribs, if he was still alive. Cas eventually backs out of the embrace.
Heedless of his suffering, his bonds were  pulled, and he was forced up once more to his knees. The pain of his wounds flared, and for a moment his vision grayed. He shook himself, and it cleared. He thought of his friends, his family on Earth, and a new determination filled his heart. His journeys end was near, and he would face it with his eyes open. He would face it with courage, as Sam and Dean would. He would face it like a warrior. A hunter. A man. A Winchester. He lifted his chin, and set his eyes forward, calmly meeting the horrified looks of those he once served with. He sent a prayer earthward, knowing it would never be heard. ‘I’m so sorry Dean, Sam. I will love you both, always. Forgive me.’
“So, Lazarus is truly rising” The nurse who brought his discharge instructions quipped. “You know, you truly are a miracle.” Cas just smiled shyly. The nurse put a gloved hand on his shoulder. “I think that angels were watching out for you that day.” Sam and Dean both laughed. Cas just looked embarrassed. The nurse looked offended.
“I heard everything, Dean, while I was…out. It was like I was trapped inside myself. Like when Lucifer had control of my vessel. I heard it all, though. All the things you said. All the things the doctor and the nurses said. I know I’m sick… dying actually. I know-I understand-the disease I carry. I understand that I am STILL addicted to the poison that I willingly put into my body. I may have slept through the withdrawals, but my body- and it IS mine, now- still craves it. As I said, I’m contaminated. Unclean. I’m dying of a condition brought on by my own weaknesses. And I deserve this, all of it. For all the wrong I’ve done since…" His voice became soft. "You should let me be. I can go into hospice care, where I won’t be a burden to you or Sam in my final days.” Dean put his hand under Cas chin, forcing him to look into green eyes which now flashed with anger.
Sam returned shortly with their food, and they made their way back to the Bunker. The next problem came when they went to sit at the table to eat. Cas looked nervous, unsure of himself. Dean snapped at him.
“Dean. Level six. Full power.” Dean hesitated, but a steely glare from Cas set him in motion. He turned the setting up to the highest level. The hum from the prod was loud in the nearly empty room. He stabbed gingerly at the remaining orange. There was a loud pop, and the orange exploded, spraying the older hunter with juice and pulp. Both Winchesters stood silently for a long moment, eyes wide.
It was a warm, sunny Friday morning. Sam had been up for a while, researching another possible case. Dean had just settled at the library table with his first cup of coffee when there was a noise at the Bunker entrance. Three loud booms on the outer door, and then silence. Startled and confused, the hunters jumped up, drawing their weapons. They stood for a moment, but there was no further noise, and the door did not open. After a minute had passed, they climbed the stairs quietly.
“It’s your room, Master.” Cas deadpanned from where he sat on the bed, reading. Dean suddenly decided that he’d had just about enough of this whole fucked up situation.
“Be quiet, ape, and learn your place in the new order. On your knees is a good start.” He turned to Castiel, who sat still and silent, as he had since the day he had taken the Mark. “Hello, brother.” He said softly. ”I’ve come to repay my debt to you. It’s time for you to wake up.” He raised his hand and slowly brought it to the barrier surrounding Castiel. As the Winchesters watched, he extended his arm through the circle. Blue light crackled where he breached it, and a whine filled the air. With a wink and a smile back at the brothers, Lucifer stepped through. There was a noise like a firecracker, and then Lucifer stood next to Castiel, inside the circle. He put a hand on Castiels head, and bowed his own. His voice rumbled out, and shook the room. The Winchesters felt the resonance of his words to the core of their being.
When they finally broke the kiss, Dean was panting, his lungs feeling like he had just run a marathon. There were still only a few inches between their faces, but Dean could see the red of Cas’ cheeks and the clouds of his breath – apparently, Dean wasn’t the only one who had temporarily forgotten his body’s need for oxygen.
“Seems like we accidentally used up all the warm water,” Cas said, half-laughing, doubled over to catch his breath.
That he vowed to himself not to rest
“Yes… yes, okay.”
He took his time filling the basket and wrapped the warm loaf of bread in a dish towel after, putting it on top. For drinks, he heated up some spiced apple juice and filled it into a thermos, as well as coffee into a second one.
In a swift movement he pressed his lips to Cas’ temple and said, “Come on, cowboy. Dress up or you’ll catch a cold.”
Silence it was, then.
When Dean opened the door to Cas’ room, he was still fast asleep. Dean snuck to the side of the bed and caught a glimpse of Cas’ dark hair between the rumpled sheets. He thought he even heard a soft snore.
Their thrones expanding into the limitless spheres
He was beginning to freeze again now and he noticed Cas was shivering as well. He fetched some towels from the rack and draped them over their shoulders, mirroring the way they had shared the blankets earlier. Happiness was glinting in Cas’ eyes and Dean felt lighter than he had in a long time.
He felt like a damn teenager again, and he didn’t like it. Every corner of his body was tingling and his hormones seemed to be riding on a freaking rollercoaster. He really needed to get himself under control again.
He clenched his teeth and gripped the steering wheel so hard his knuckles turned white, desperately trying to hold back the lump he felt rising at the back of his throat.
Or not
The rain had toned down to a gentle dribbling and for a moment he just sat there, taking in the silence-that-was-not-quite-silent, reminiscing on the smile and the tears on Cas’ face as he had said those words.
They never stopped admiring each other from afar
He didn’t even remember when he had realized that his feelings for Cas went way deeper than just those of an ally, a good friend, a brother. Cas was a constant and at the same time he was not – Dean sometimes didn’t know what to make of his decisions, of his words. After all, Cas was still an angel of the Lord, and angels they just… weren’t human, right? They didn’t feel the way humans did.
And blurring the fine line you’re walking every night
They ended up spooning under the covers of Dean’s bed, laptop sitting on the nightstand in front of Cas while Dean lay behind him, head propped up on his elbow to look at the screen over Cas’ shoulder. They were watching an old ‘80s movie Dean had chosen in order to teach Cas some stuff about the romantic implications of gifting people mixtapes.
But not everything about Castiel is plain darkness
Of course
They were actually mirroring the true nature of night
, no, that was the worst timing possible.
While watching their downfall
And freedom, oh such a sweet freedom
As if they had never done anything else
But, despite these restraints
Cas stepped a little closer and nodded. “Sure. I like that idea.”
to get Cas back, whatever the cost. And he wouldn’t rest until they achieved that goal.
“No, that’s not what I… Let’s not talk about this right now.” He saw the smugness in Cas’ smile. “Are you making fun of me?”
“I sure hope Sammy already showered today,” Dean grinned after recovering from the initial shock. The cold water had calmed down the heat in his groin pretty quickly, and maybe that was for the better – he didn’t want to overwhelm Cas today.
When they thought nobody was looking
, and he grimaced at the inherent irony of those lines. They had taken Chuck’s powers, finally defeated the one divine power deciding over their fates and in the process achieved true free will – but it didn’t mean a damn thing to Dean if Cas was not there with him to celebrate.
He only noticed that tears were streaming down his face when they dripped down his chin and onto the collar of his shirt. The more aggressively he tried to wipe them away the more they started to fog his vision until he had to pull over because the car, the road… everything was a blurry mess.
When you think about Dean
But most of all he was angry at –
Warmth and growth
“Dean.”
“What do you mean by
They spread their blankets beneath a tall tree that was crowning the hill like a lone wanderer – Dean didn’t know what kind of tree it was, but it had to be pretty old, considering the huge diameter of the trunk and the way the roots had shaped the earth around it into cozy booth-like spots.
“Oh come on, you son of a bitch,” Dean swore under his breath.
. That all these years of pining after his best friend weren’t wasted for nothing.
Choking every movement under its weight
But alcohol could only do so much, and it definitely worsened Dean’s anger problem. He didn’t want Sam coming back to the interior of the bunker entirely disassembled just because Dean wasn’t able to manage his own damn emotions – it had happened way too often in the past and he started getting tired of himself, of his inability to
was what Cas saw in him, that despite how many people he had let down in his life, despite every mistake he had made, despite every fucked up plan that had gone sideways – Cas decided that
Dean tried to shut it out, the thought that almost broke through the walls which were barely holding together his sanity right now.
“It is”, Cas replied simply.
, he heard his subconscious whisper.
“’m not,” Dean mumbled, but then added, “You’re welcome. I thought you could use a day out after the last few weeks.”
And well, immortality
It came out so sarcastically that Dean had no choice but to throw a shoe at him.
Because sometimes even gods couldn’t resist the sweet taste of sin
He turned on the oven for preheating, then sprinkled some flour into his hands and onto the countertop to roll out the dough into a vague bread shape. Reaching behind his back, he snatched a knife from the drawer and cut up the topside of the loaf so the crust wouldn’t break while baking.
A love that consisted of lingering touches
A moon that tells the story of a whole solar system
And when you own a god's heart
Something that is too much
“Not as brutal as Sam will be,” Benny said. He had homestyle ribs and Andrea’s killer cole slaw for lunch, the kind she made with busted up ramen noodles in it, but Dean didn’t envy him any more than he envied Garth’s vegan lentil stew. (Garth: ‘Cheap! nourishing! good for the planet!’ Benny: ‘Makes you fart like an old horse.’)
“I’m not wrong and you know it. I only have your best interests at heart. Even if they know we’ve been going at it we don’t have to almost literally rub their noses in it.”
“Well, you need someplace where you can keep the chickens while you’re waiting for people to pick them up. Otherwise they freak out and get respiratory distress and die.”
Once again I said the first thing that came into my mind. I was angry, and once again I did not know why. I felt as if I was going crazy. “Why would I, if I have no memories?”
“Those too,” Cas managed.
This was, after all, one of the queerest neighbourhoods on earth. There was a fighting chance the man trying to face-plant off that log (
“What about me,” Dean said.
“Can I come in your ass? I don’t think I’ll last long.”
“And you think that me becoming Rowena’s latest boy toy is somehow more tangled than your personal life? Hey, Dean? not even close!” Sam yelled back.
“Would you like seconds?” Castiel asked.
“There is no possible way you could know that,” Dean said, after a quick jawdrop.
Aloud, he said, “Here ya go,” giving exact change.
“Clumsy old me,” Gabe said. He pulled a green lollipop out of his pocket and parked it in one cheek while he and Dean swapped glares.
“You are very good to me,” Castiel said humbly, and Dean got that, ‘Damn, he’s hot!’ feeling again in his gut.
“What?”
“And there’s a boy, a boy with a … now I feel sad, is he gone?”
Dean thinks about what got Cas going the last time, and lubes up his index and middle fingers. For a few minutes, while Cas occasionally gasps, he doesn’t even push a finger past the rosebud pucker that is Castiel’s delicious rim. He carefully and slowly strokes his two fingers up and down, up and down, massaging in the lube, pressing just the barest tips of his fingers past the entrance.
Castiel: Some things last. What people build lasts.
“I bet your aunts think about you and your mom once a week at least and pray that you’re okay,” Dean said.
Dean looked at Castiel with a knowing little half smile. “You’re really going hard at this!”
“I don’t know,” Sam said again, and this time I knew he was lying, and couldn’t say how I knew that.
Make a list of toiletries you need!
“Would you like to go out with me?”
Dean considered this as he powered through the oatmeal.
“What?” Dean said softly.
Dean bleakly realized that in his life, he’d never met anyone who irritated him half as much as Gabe.
Dean: Because if we call at the exact same time we’ll both get a busy signal.
Dean: Phone calls.
Castiel set up an Excel spreadsheet to ensure they had enough people wanting them and contact information ‘if people were naughty enough to bail on those poor desperate, desperate chickens’, and as soon as Castiel said that, Dean was doubled over in the clinic waiting room. The two of them laughed until they were both on the floor. They couldn’t look at each other. Red-faced and gasping, they’d start to quieten and then one of them would say, very quietly, “Bock bock.” “Poor, poor, desperate chickens.”
His voice hesitated a few times, but his tone was steady. “Billy cornered us and you sicced the Empty on her. The Empty came for both of you. Before you died you told me you loved me.”
The Servant, whose real name was Alastair Beck, tried to sue Castiel and lost his temper so badly during a deposition that he ended up being tranquillized and sent to the psychiatric ward of a local hospital.
“Oh,” Dean said. “That is, that’s really… that feels really good, Cas.”
Dean talked about his difficult relationships with all of his male relatives and chosen kin; his failed ‘starter marriage’ when he was 24 to a woman who’d lied her ass off about everything, and overdosed and died six months into their marriage because Dean had somehow failed to notice that she was addicted to Oxycontin and maybe some things worse than that.
Castiel wailed. Every book on the shelf, every cell in Dean’s body, every speck of dust in the bunker, shook with it. Dean covered his ears and thought his eyeballs would burst if it kept up. Castiel fell silent after four seconds or so.
“You recorded it,” Dean said.
There was no response for quite a while. The tension stretched until Castiel went to make himself tea and they sat at the kitchen table staring at each other with shared anxiety.
Dean glared at Cas and, again, in spite of himself, briefly laughed. “Wanna bang this old fucker?”
They didn’t respond, merely linking hands and walking toward the bedroom.
Dean said with determination, “I’ve made a mistake but I’m going to set it right. Can you help me locate crates for transportation?”
/// /// ///
"Just think what we got to look forward to," Dean murmurs. "We might just
“Ooo, I want extra of that,” Dean murmured. Castiel was now rather awkwardly trying to fit himself into Dean’s lap, like a Great Dane convinced it was a terrier. Dean spoke against his neck. “I was being a dick. Of course you can have a house key. I just worry about you, being so recently out of a really horrible cult. Y’know we could break this chair.”
“Told ya,” Dean said. “Hang on to that money, you’ll need it for school, or getting yourself set up.”
Whatever got Castiel all messed up, it was big.
He shrugged. “It seemed disrespectful to come here when I was all lit up.”
Cas stayed home, and wrote, and fiercely advocated for the two pre-teen boys they adopted, except when he was on tour promoting a new book, and Dean kept working at the dealership, while having serial nightmares about Jace and Tucker learning to drive in Baby and crumpling the fenders.
“Oh yeah,” Dean said. “Let’s get an eighth of that Trainwreck stuff, I think I read something about that.”
A different voice bloomed in Dean’s mind. “Are you going to tell him or am I?”
“You’re my cousin,” Castiel said. “You can hurt me, but I can’t hate you. I can decide I don’t want to see you any more, but that won’t mean I hate you.”
“It’s good to hear your voice, Dean.”
“I’ll set it up for you, after I toast my browser history,” Dean said, waggling his eyebrows.
“Is that the vet?” Sam asked. “Dr. Novak?”
There was a notebook sitting on the kitchen table.
After, Dean told him that was what the stare had been for, trying to determine the location of the key chain. Sometimes, when you were an EMT, knowing how to get into or how to secure a gun safe or other lock box would save your life and someone else’s down the line.
“And as long as my wings are in this plane -- or at least this portion of them - we can do this now. I might not –” and Castiel paused, looking as intensely as he could into his eyes. “There are other things I should tell you but there’s no time.”
Dean: I don’t think he understands how hard you’re grieving.
Bi the way - news, views and thoughts to peruse about bisexuality
Gabe, for some reason, had run out of conversation.
“So we have to stay together that long, say a couple of weeks.”
“Holy crap,” Dean said. “Sam’s doing it again. I don’t think he ever met anyone he didn’t want to help.” He told Castiel what was going on.
His voice sounded very close, and worried. “Cas, buddy, you still there?”
“Well, it was easy to wreck then, because I left quietly and didn’t make a scene; you’re the ones with problems, not me.”
Dean got him set up on the Xbox and said, with an exaggerated scowl, “Behave yourself, or you can find another place to sleep tonight.”
“Are you serious?”
“I thought you weren’t a Catholic,” Cas said in a strangled voice. The priest frowned. Dean found himself looking intently at Cas, trying to understand his expression.
“You goddamned liar. That’s why you’re here, to find out who’s helping Castiel and empty their bank accounts.”
“An evening of firsts?” Dean said, waggling his eyebrows at Castiel.
When he arrived at the side door, he was astonished to see the door open and Cas step out, the priest right behind him, holding the door.
Now the kid looked miserable. “Do you have any other advice?”
Castiel: But you’d try.
Dean laughed. “Yeah, they are.”
Dean is helpless before the prospect of a homecooked meal.
Dean heard himself make a strange noise as air leaked past his vocal cords, and then Castiel chuckled softly.
party, so I know you didn’t get
“I want us to secretly get married.”
Castiel sighed. “Sit down and have some coffee, Gabe; I can’t give you money I don’t have.”
“I’m sorry I told you I’m homosexual if it means you’re going to be teasing me about it,” Castiel added. He banged the potato masher against the side of the pot to unstick it, and Dean flinched a little at the noise.
Dean: Gabe must be doing handsprings of joy.
Castiel vanished. In his place was a terrified man, whose abject posture and wringing hands made him look like a cartoon character.
Inias asked for a raise a week later, after he reviewed the security footage and saw Cas and Dean test the strength of the furniture in the front entranceway. There was sound to go with the video. He cycled through amusement, horror, disgust and admiration as he watched.
“Who’s Rowena?” I said. “Who’s Dean?”
“How? You’re locked up in Castiel’s head!”
“The lights, uh, could we – have them back on?” Dean asked gently.
an amazing puker, but I don’t see what else he’d have against you, Sam’s usually pretty reasonable.”
“I think I want to speak to him first,” Dean said, menacingly. “Put cheese in mine, goddamnit!” he yelled down the hall to his brother.
“The human vagina is a marvel of engineering,” Castiel said, and then, face reproachful, “Dean, it was not meant to amuse.”
Dean chuckled. Then he rested his head on the sofa, and laughed aloud.
“I don’t
“So, it’s a very respectable banging she’s obtaining from you?” Castiel asked, apparently serious.
“Well then you kin come here and help me destroy ‘em all, I got me the gas but I’ll need help,” the farmer said. “I ain’t paying that jackass Dr. Frog to come destroy ‘em.”
“I won’t! Maybe
“I understand,” Castiel said instantly.
“Well, sit next to me and learn from a master at working the phones,” Dean said. He brought another chair over to the desk.
“Perhaps for you. I feel like I don’t know anything. I’m coming back to the world after a long prison sentence, and I’d like to bring myself up to date.”
“We could get out of public fucking view and out of your employee’s earshot,” Dean bit off. One employee had come to the door and it was possible they could be overheard.
Dean could not have taken his eyes from Cas’s face with a gun to his head. Hardly daring to breathe, he murmured, “Go on.”
“Are you alright?” the man said gently. His hand withdrew and Dean felt the lack of it immediately.
He got the full effect of those eyes. “No,” Cas said after a second. “He died.”
“Yeah, me,” Dean said, and kissed him.
“Awesome! Any other family news?”
“As Dean implies, this is not my house to let you into. It’s his. If he wants you to leave, you will leave.”
“You appeared, in the form of the Archangel Michael, and said, as best as I can remember, ‘You are forgiven. This is my sword. Are you willing to pay its price, as commanded by the will of God?’ I said, ‘I am willing.’”
“Well, shit, Jimmy, one time he shoved a bigass chunk of grace into my mouth and fucking near scared me to death, and the other time, well, that one I really enjoyed.”
As soon as he was clear of the door, Dean turned to Gabe and said, “Okay, what the hell did you say to Sam?”
“Like that one, gets the job done and it’s short,” Dean said, rather than ‘amen’.
“Shut up,” Dean said. “Her sister in law called her a pervert if you can believe it. The shit they said was gross. I’m sorry I did it now, it was - it was – “
It was an awesome way to spend time with Castiel in between bouts of fucking, Dean thought. Dean started rubbing Castiel’s feet (they were sticking in his face, it seemed like the right thing to do) and Castiel completely relaxed like a wilting flower, it was so sweet, and then he started moaning gently, which was alternately extremely arousing and cute.
I mean,” Castiel said. “I’m sorry, but I’m a worrier.”
“Thanks for checking on me, man, that was real decent of you,” Dean said. They looked at each other for a timeless moment in the dim light. Cas nodded and quietly moved back to his previous seat.
“That’s not what I meant. Can we stop –– can we stop pretending?”
“Oh my fucking God,” Dean said, gasping. “You could do a comedy routine like that. Unbelievable.” They were sitting next to each other, backs to the sofa, and Dean ruffled Castiel’s hair and said, “Don’t ever change.”
Cas gasped. “Dean!”
“What, so people will think I feel the same way about you that Sam feels about Rowena? You got your ceremony, I’ll get mine, hopefully with fewer gate-crashers.”
He’s not keen on the glove, but Castiel’s convinced him that it’s to prevent nicks from his fingernails, and as much as he enjoys
“I put you in recovery position,” Dean protested.
“Yeah, boss,” Dean said uneasily. “I gotta take the rest of the afternoon off. And possibly tomorrow.”
Dean: So did you love him?
“I’m nobody’s minion, me,” Benny said, in a rumble that was a warning.
“Holy shit,” Gabe and Dean said simultaneously.
Dean’s breath caught for a second. “I’m gonna be frank with you, Cas, I had kinda hoped that the cheap physical stuff would happen eventually. You know, between us. Which is not very family friendly.”
“Until they show up at Naomi’s door and punch her until she gives up my address,” Dean said. “If you got it, so can they, ya chucklehead.”
“To who? Marty McFly?”
Castiel’s eyes widen in furious disbelief. “You don’t
Dean tuts. “Yeah, yeah, I know it does.”
“Yeah,” Dean croaks. “Makes sense, I thought the same.” Dean pauses for a few seconds, chewing on his bottom lip. “And hey, for the record,” Dean clears his throat, trying to force the words out. “You were right; I was afraid of what people would think. But I, uh, I don’t think I am anymore. So, you actually kinda helped me, in a way.”
“It’s fine, dude, it’s my job, you can wake me up,” she says.
of this is on you, okay?”
Dean can’t do it, he just can’t. But he wants Cas to, he needs him to. Silently he goads him,
Dean’s heart always fluttered at Cas’s compliments. He was no stranger to compliments, but they so often came with an air of ulterior motive; to belittle him, to objectify him, to get him off guard. From Cas though, they always came off like they were some objective truth, which was certainly an odd feeling, because that meant he must be wrong about certain things. And being wrong certainly wasn’t a great feeling, but being loved was. It was sort of an unsettling dichotomy.
“Time travel,” the older Dean states as if it’s so obvious and ordinary. “It happens.”
“We won’t bring any,” Cas assures her, in that soft voice and those kind eyes of his that just instil trust. “We’re just passing through.”
Every inch of this forest looks identical, each clearing could easily have been the last. It’s a wonder Castiel has any idea where he’s going. If Dean had less faith in the angel, he’d be sure he was leading them in circles. But Castiel strides on through, fast and sure, taking no breaks, no breathers, just barrelling through the trees with purpose.
“What d’ya think? Firm?” Dean jokes.
Castiel pulls back quickly, his attention turning towards the front door just a few moments before Bobby comes bustling in, empty handed. Dean and Castiel stand to attention and follow Bobby into the kitchen with Sam.
Jo frowns. “Yeah, I think he’s badass, doesn’t mean I wanna bang him.”
“I think I got most of the blood out,” Cas smiles proudly. “And I got some egg on one of your shirts, but it didn’t stain.”
“Oh,” Cas says, shoulders slumping. “I should confess… I also told Jody. Before we left.”
“Exactly,” Dean says, sucking in a breath as Castiel’s lips trail down further, skimming at his hip-bones where his pants sit. He feels worshipped, lying there with Castiel bent over him reverent. It should really be the other way around.
“Yeah, yeah,” he dismisses with an eye roll. “Need-to-know, I get it.”
“Hell yeah, I’m game if you are,” Dean responds, placing a hand to Castiel’s arm and moving it in a subtle rubbing motion.
“Cas, listen to me, they were gunna kill us, right then and there. Maybe the attention’s on us, but we’re also
“What, like ever?”
When they finally return with the supplies, the two of them pile into Cas and Victor’s room which is doubling as their base of operations. There isn’t a table, so they’ve got maps laid out across one of the beds.
All they’d been able to grab from Bobby’s was enough food to keep them going for the night.  The boys tuck in as Castiel eyes their surroundings, scanning for all potential entry and exit points, areas of cover, etc.
Sam is over by the door, running a hand over the outside surface. His hand comes away red with blood. He passes a concerned look to Dean.
“Me? Cooking?” Dean scoffs, smiling out the window as his older self pulls away from the curb. “Angels and time travel I could get behind, but that?”
For a good amount of time he had simply watched out of the corner of his eye as the man surveyed him from the shadows. As the man crept between the shelter of the trees, in the shallow cover of the brush. He watched his slow, measured movements as he skimmed between leaves and branches. For a good while he watched— it was the most interesting thing he’d seen in the months. At least since the eggs in one of the nearby trees whose development he’d been carefully monitoring had hatched, and he’d been able to watch the mother tend to her chicks every day until finally they took to the skies on their own, independent beings of their own will and way.
Dean’s older self trudges in draped in a grey robe and rubbing his eyes haphazardly with the back of his hand. He walks up behind Cas and greets him with a light smack on the behind. “Mornin’ sweet cheeks,” he says with a smirk.
It seems like forever, whole new worlds being born in that moment, but it is just that; a moment. And soon enough, Dean is pulling away, a cocky smile tugging at his lips. “That,” Dean says, his voice smooth and low.
“I have yet to see it.”
After a moment, Dean backs up to pull away a bit and gauge Castiel’s reaction, to make sure that Cas still wants him, but he gets his answer when Cas’ hands are at his waist pulling him closer.
Cas’ words are plugged by the lump forming in his throat. The fresh wounds stung, as the shock faded and the pain set in. The pain of realisation that it’s all over. The life he always dreamed of was now further out of reach than it had ever been. Even the future he had envisioned, unfulfilled and alone, yet at the very least always close enough to skim the edges of his wildest dreams, to skirt by on the periphery of the life he wanted to lead. But now it was completely gone, not a speck or a glimmer of anything remotely worth dreaming of. And the feeling was… empty.
Castiel wouldn’t look out of place in a pleasant cottage in the English countryside, at a farmer’s market (god forbid), at the front of  lecture hall, but instead he’s holed up ‘in the muck’, so to speak, with the Winchesters.
As the three of them file out the back door, Dean could swear he notices a little exchange of looks, of meaningful nods, between Bobby and Castiel, but he doesn’t remark upon it.
Dean feels a weight in his chest. It’s not dissimilar from the one he gets when his dad reels off reasons why he’s let him down.
Victor comes around the table and gestures the other two over. “Great, we’re all introduced. Let’s talk business then.” He checks for their attention before continuing. “This mission is top secret, need-to-know. You two have been called in because you can handle yourselves better than anyone else here, and there’s a good chance we’re gunna be crossing angels. A lot of them. That sound good to you? If not, you gotta tell me now ‘cause once I tell you what we’re doing here, you’re
“No I haven’t,” Jody says, words clipped as she starts to finish Dean’s coffee. “And you’re lucky. I don’t think Claire would find this little experiment of yours all that funny.” She pushes the mug along the counter towards Dean. “What you’re doing, it’s not- it’s dangerous, Dean. People care about you two, and you care a lot about each other too. There must be healthier ways to work this out.”
“Oh,” Castiel’s blue eyes widen. “That’s a very kind offer. Angels don’t have any need to eat, but… it would be lovely to sit with you while you take lunch.” Castiel’s eyes are locked with Dean’s as he answers, as if the words belong only to him.
Castiel, angel of the lord, had consulted with his new friend, the lovely librarian Sara, as to where the best places in town were to take a date. Sara, Cas had discovered, was quite the romantic, and luckily the two had very similar tastes. Everything she had suggested was lavish, classy, exquisite. Dean hadn’t met Sara, but he’d heard a lot about her. She’d convinced Cas to join the local library’s book club, she’d recommended Cas a whole bunch of romance novels that Cas would read late into the night, much to Dean’s irritation as he’d have to kick Cas out the bedroom if he refused to go to sleep, only to find him beaming the next morning, flitting about the kitchen making an elaborate breakfast and showering Dean with kisses all loved up from whatever he’d been reading.
“What about you? You’re hot as hell— bad choice of words,” Dean fumbles. There are really no words to describe something as heavenly and beatific as Castiel. “You’re gorgeous.”
“She is,” Cas agrees, clearly unperturbed. “I could break you in half. But I won’t. I promise.”
“You’re like my brother,” Dean says with a shrug, his hands fiddling with a sugar packet as he grows antsier with every second the subject doesn’t change.
Castiel has spent the last two months at Bobby’s. He’s learnt a great deal about the capabilities of his body as they are now. He learnt after an accident with a hot kettle that he takes injuries like any other human, with all the pain and the slow healing that entails.
“This girl got a name?”
“I think— I feel okay,” Sam says, unsure.
The man’s face hardens, his brows knitting together. “Why?” he asks, tentatively still. “Angels have hardly been known to give a crap.”
” he barks, giving the boys a death glare.
Dean and Castiel both startle as Sam interjects. Dean had almost forgotten his brother was there. He clears his throat. “Yeah it’s a favourite of both of us,” he says, eyes darting over to Sam, who’s brows are raised in his signature judgement and disbelief combo.
Castiel chuckles. “Yes, I probably would have.” Castiel sighs and lets his shoulders slump as he simply surveys Dean’s features like he’s taking in all the minute details of a master work of art. Dean’s face heats up under the scrutiny, but Castiel is smiling. But it’s a solemn smile. “I should return,” he finally says. “The longer I stay away the greater the risk of getting caught. And as much as I would like to stay here with you, I would also very much like to not be dead such that I might be able to see you again.”
Castiel can certainly relate. It’s not that angels don’t form bonds and friendships. They just apparently don’t form them with him, not anymore. The difference is— “Why don’t you leave? You could go somewhere else, meet more people.”
Sam lets out a motorboat sigh and stretches his long arms way up. “Yeah,” he says through a yawn. “I think you’re probably right.” He gets up and starts gathering up empty glasses. “Thanks Jody.”
He turns to Cas. “That really was my future, right?” he asks, his voice pained, but hopeful.
Dean knocks with a series of urgent, heavy raps on the door. “Bobby, it’s Dean. Open up!” Dean yells. There’s a muffled clattering audible through the door before it swings open to reveal a surly older man with a permanent expression of mild displeasure.
“Me either,” Jo sighs. “I can’t wait to though.”
“Being an angel isn’t a job; you can’t just quit,” Castiel laments. He adds wryly, “If I could I would have turned in my notice the second we crossed paths.”
wanna make a bet?” Dean says between bites of his burger.
Dean presses his lips together, his eyes lingering on Castiel’s sword belt once more, then nods. Before he turns, he pauses. “Who are you?”
“As I said,” the angel says, his voice soft and low. “The punishment for trespass is death. So you ought not return,” the angel finishes.
Maybe Dean is a test, not sent by the angels or even God himself, but a test of Castiel’s own will and virtue. He is an angel, sworn to defend the Earth against the plague of demonic influence. This man, who stands before him with Eden in his eyes showing him no reverence but the respect of equals— what higher calling is there than to save this man, to save Dean Winchester.
“You guys are so sweet,” Sam says, voice strained and face forced into a smiling grimace as he tries to make himself to believe it. “Can we go though? Are you guys ready?”
Dean shoves his hand into the right-hand pocket of the leather jacket cocooning his narrow shoulders. He draws out his keys, singles out the silver key and opens up the car door-
Hell, he really doesn’t have time for this shit. Dean gets up and opens the back door ready to tell whatever drunken idiot stumbled into his back yard to get gone. Instead, leaning right up against the doorframe; Castiel.
Dean and Sam, too, are pushed down by heavy, immovable force down into the mud. Dean can hardly bare to raise his head, to see Sam and Castiel like this, helpless and at the angels’ mercy.
“When did you tell him about me? What, were you chatting over coffee?” Sam asks, thrown.
you want, Cas?” Dean snaps. “‘Cause it really just feels like you don’t wanna be anywhere near me.”
“I think,” Dean began, slyly edging out his proposition. “We should take this up to the bedroom.”
“I was just thinking— I know it’s a long shot, but what about the Men of Letters?” Sam says, tentative. There’s a stilted silence around the table.
Meg frowned, before rolling her eyes as realisation dawned. “Okay I know that freak’s been rolling around wearing my face, but it’s actually me Clarence.”
“Shaddup.” Dean bumps his shoulder against Cas’.
“I didn’t break in. I got caught before I even made an attempt.”
Cas dips his head to the side. “I suppose not.” He’s about to walk away when Dean grabs his hand. Dean’s alertness is returning, and he recalls making Cas a promise to think of something affecting. Pulling him back to face him, Dean grabs the other hand as well. “What are you doing.”
Dean sighs. “It’s a stupid story. A code-name for the human resistance against the demons, and the angels probably. I don’t even know if they were ever real.”
“Yes.”
Cas chuckles. “I would like that. Although Dean, fruit and vegetables are an important aspect of a balanced diet.”
“They serve relish with salad,” Sam says with an exaggerated eye-roll. “You can actually taste it more when it’s not mixing with,” Sam wiggles his fingers and scrunches his nose in disgust. “Beef juices.”
“I suppose you might see it that way,” Castiel says, by way of compromise. After all, while he feels compelled to dispute Dean’s claim, he very much enjoys the way that Dean looks at him while under this misguided impression. “Certainly despite everything, I do not regret my decisions, and as such I have accepted the consequences of my actions.”
“Uh… hey Cas,” Dean says, his voice nervous, but his body frozen under Castiel’s force.
Cas is silent for a moment, one of Dean’s plaid shirts draped over his right arm. “Hmm,” he hums in understanding. As Dean moves to replace all that they’d dragged out, Cas catches a glimpse of red on khaki. Without meaning to, he grabs Dean’s wrist to stop him. Realising himself he lets go, but he then goes to untangle the knot of fabric sprawled out on Dean’s bed. A bloody red handprint.
“Oh yeah,” Eileen agrees as well. “I’m starving.”
The beer doesn’t really help. It’s to be expected; one beer can’t really do much to a regular person, let alone someone who’s conditioned themselves with over two decades of binge drinking. But there was only one in the fridge. There’s whiskey around somewhere. Maybe. But there’s also a good chance Dean already drank it and then forgot.
He’s definitely not winning any Oscars, but Sam is still smiling and saying words of congratulations that Dean’s not listening to, so he must have done enough. Once Sam shuts up, they all move to clamber into the Impala, and while Dean’s zoned out from the conversation, Sam and Cas evidently agree to a switcheroo. And that’s how Dean ends up in the front seat beside Castiel. Awesome.
“Hey, what are you doing up so early?” Dean asks, voice still dry and gravelly in the early hours.
“What so I just stay away for a while? Until when, huh? I mean how am I supposed to know when I can come back?” Dean shakes his head, pressing his lips together. “I’m just saying, all of this only matters
“For the whole night?” Jo asks.
“What’s changed?” Cas snips with a smirk.
Cas doesn’t say anything, just looks down at Dean. He looks pained. “Okay,” he says quietly. Cas swallows and goes to lie on the other side of the bed. It’s a tight fit given that the beds in the bunker are really designed to be wide enough about one and a half people. Dean flips onto his side and meets Cas’ eyes. “Goodnight Dean,” Cas says.
Castiel’s hand is ready, he takes a fighting stance. Sam and Dean do their best, but there’s a distinct feeling of futility clouding their minds that they’re both trying desperately not to fall prey to.
The early autumn brings with it also drizzling showers, filling the air with damp and dusting all their clothes with tiny raindrops, not quite absorbing into the fibres, but sitting atop. The air hangs heavy with moisture, the dirt on its way to turning into mud.
“I dunno, is it weird that it kinda makes me wish I’d gone to mine?” Dean adds.
Castiel offers a sad smile. “I apologise for having worried you,” he says, placing his good hand over Dean’s. “I was called away suddenly. I felt terrible not being able to contact you I— I heard your prayers.”
.” Rachel added.
Dean catches his breath. “Well it wasn’t so bad; slipped past you didn’t I?” he says with a shrug.
“I have to carry you bridal style. Anything else would probably be quite uncomfortable for you,” Castiel explains. Dean’s not happy with the arrangement, but he’s not exactly unhappy either. “Hold on to your lunch.”
Their faces are inches apart and they’re sharing oxygen as they breathe shallow. “Show me,” Castiel says, letting Dean close the distance between.
“There’s no need, Dean. It’ll be faster if I do it.” Cas replied, his voice earnest as he offered his help as always.
It’s so strange to be on the other end of this. Dean’s been admired for his appearance plenty, it’s pretty much the only thing anyone around here’s ever rated him for, the only reason anyone’s ever given him the time of day. It’s been survival, in some cases more literally than Dean would care to admit. He’s used to being admired from the outside-in. This is not that.
Cas pauses. “No. Are you?”
“Did you… grow up here?” Jo says, seemingly apropos of nothing, brows furrowed in thought.
heavily guarded asset,” Dean protests.
“Yes, I suppose so,” Cas says, getting up and offering a weak smile, eyes darting back and forth away from Dean’s gaze.
“Do you think that’ll be safe?”
Dean’s eyes are wet and Sam’s face breaks. “Okay, Dean,” he says. Dean presses his lips together and nods. “Okay, so what do you have to do?”
“I just betrayed my people, Dean,” Castiel snaps. “Do you have any idea what the wrath of heaven looks like? I have seen it firsthand— it’s vicious and vindictive.”
Dean wakes up with his lips curved into a smile. It hasn’t yet faded from how it sat when he drifted off in Castiel’s arms. He can’t feel Castiel’s firm, warm chest beneath his head, nor hear the soft rhythmic pounding of his heartbeat (because yeah, turns out angels have hearts, or maybe that’s just Castiel). Instead, all Dean can feel is his own lumpy mattress and flat, worn pillow.
Dean presses his lips together and nods decisively. “Right.” Dean scuffs his foot on the grass. “Well, I’d better get back to Sam. He’s still recovering.”
“Dean, you married me. You married me in front of everyone either one of us cares about. That’s more than enough for me,” Cas leant his head on Dean’s shoulder.
“No, I don’t know,” Sam rolls his eyes and slams his book shut. “Dude, why do you smell like a meadow?”
“Yeah, it’s only my travel set,” Jo comments, flippant. “I got way more at home, but they were too nice to take with me. Couldn’t risk someone at camp stealing ‘em.”
Still, there’s an alternative motive to keep Sam housebound for a time; miraculous recoveries draw unwanted attention. It’s been no secret that Sam’s been sick,
“Isn’t that kind of childish?”
Dean can only groan in response, the pillow his face is currently buried in absorbing most of the sound, leaving the rest to reverberate through his body.
“I suppose it’s
the one who’s obsessed with him.”
“What the hell,” his mirror mutters with an unflinching frown locking the lines in his forehead.
“Good,” Cas says, his voice deep, in a low murmur. “Okay, then, I’ll tell you,” Cas says after a moment more of intense staring that is almost indistinguishable from eye-fucking. “I must warn you, I’d be willing to go pretty far.”
Their faces inches apart, there’s a moment of realisation between the two. The only thing standing between Dean and what he wants is Castiel, and in less than a moment, with little more than a single thrust, that obstacle could be gone. Now, for the first time, Castiel is acutely aware that he is an angel with a duty, and Dean is a threat.
“Unauthorised usage of angelic grace on a human.”
“That it?” Dean asked, expecting that angel dreams would be epic and complex, or at least that the dream would be as batshit insane as his husband was when conscious.
Dean shrugs and mutters to Cas with a wink, “I won’t tell.”
The worst part of all of this? Being so small and so in the dark. If he had even an inkling of how he could fight back against the angels, he’d do it in a heartbeat. But even Castiel thought it futile.
Just lying there, cool and relaxed with Dean, the joy is just as bright as the jolts of pleasure Dean had given him. It’s a wonder any angel had ever returned to their duty after experiencing such a sensation, Castiel certainly can hardly bear it.
“Do you like flannel?” Cas continues his line of questioning, a genuine bafflement evident in his tone.
“He’s
The feathers of his wings flare in irritation as Castiel marches forward to clasp a hand around the fabric of the man’s collar. He ignores the man’s startled yelp and drags him hard and fast out into the open. Castiel flings him forward into a heap at his feet. Like this the swagger and confidence he’d exhibited the day prior is gone. Instead Castiel can see this man’s insecurity and fear all over him, the man’s eyes unable to meet his.
She’s right, but Dean is reluctant to agree, so he gives a half-hearted shrug.
Dean turns back. “How’d it get cancelled?”
‘Nasty few days’ is one way to put it. Castiel, a being who has lived for literal eons, is more inclined to call it the most gruelling and painful days of his entire existence. Following his first night, where the physical pain was dulled mostly by shock and grief, the days hence allow him no such luxury.
have a lead on, however, is the existence of an angel tablet.”
Castiel frowns. “No,” he says, less than convincingly. He pulls Dean in and kisses him, soft.  He pulls away and presses another gentle kiss to Dean’s cheek, then hovers his lips by Dean’s ear. “I just think they’d look better off.”
With that, Dean manages to convince Sam to take a little longer than he really needs to recover, to take it slow and ease back into every day life in a way that doesn’t draw too much suspicion. In the mean time, Dean keeps working, with a massive weight off his mind at least.
“I saw that angel hovering in town when I went today,” Sam says idly.
“What did you talk about?”
“Sam, for fuck’s sake— will you listen to me for five fucking seconds?” Dean snaps. “I went back. A few times, actually. He’s— he’s not a bad guy— angel, whatever.”
Dean clenches his jaw, his face tightening as he tries to ignore the pang of shameful guilt in his gut. “Yeah,” he mutters to his chest. He fucked up then, and yeah he fucked up again and got Cas screwed over again and again after that. He can’t do it again, he won’t. “Well, uh, you should wear something and keep warm. You’re human, that means you can get sick. And hey, take some extra blankets if you need as well.”
Dean’s face freezes as he’s confronted with the obvious question he hadn’t yet asked of himself. “I- Well I got plenty to share. ‘Sides, letting him wear mine it’s like, welcoming y’know? Making sure he feels like he’s welcome here.”
Cas shakes his head. “I’ll be up half the night anyway.”
“Dude, you can come back in,” Dean says. “We’re not fucking, jeez.”
Finally he reaches the front door. The warding is still plastered all over the doors and windows, which is a good sign that Bobby hasn’t been left for dead by angels. But Castiel doesn’t hold out much hope. With all the might left in him, he raises his right arm and rests three heavy raps on the front door.
Dean stays for a few hours and the two talk. Dean gives him a choice of three books to tackle next— Castiel picks the one that about a ragtag group of rebels in a fantastical world—
“Is that from the bible?” Dean asks, bleary.
On the first day back from a hunt there are usually a fair few errands to run and chores to do, meaning Dean genuinely doesn’t bump into Cas the rest of the afternoon. He really doesn’t have the time to wonder what Cas has been up to all day, but he wonders nonetheless. He imagines, and dreads, that Cas has been using his free time to concoct horrific scenarios to torture Dean with this evening.
“Asshole,” Dean tuts. “I want pancakes.” He starts to get out of bed, but freezes before he whips the covers off. “Oh… Sam get out I’m not wearing underwear.”
Dean dodges the pillow and snickers. “Sorry, it was too funny not to,” he offers as a half-hearted apology.
“Yeah I saw the ring, whatever,” Tia laughed. “I bet I can steal that bitch’s man.”
His jailers deposit Castiel with a forceful disdain onto the cold, hard floor. He is not bound or in any way restrained, though why should he need to be here? What hope could he possibly have of any kind of retaliation?
He knows it doesn’t matter, that there’s no alternative ending for him, but Castiel cannot make himself say it. When he looks back at every moment, every conversation, laugh, every kiss he has shared with Dean, the word ‘guilty’ could not ever describe it.
“Holy shit,” Jo breathes. She looks up at Dean with bright eyes. It’s the bit of hope they’ve been waiting for, hell, it’s
It’s around this time, also, that Bobby stops making Castiel soup; they’ve both figured out he doesn’t need it. Castiel can’t be sure if he’s reading something wrong— he’s not well versed in human expression particularly of a man he barely knows— but he suspects that Bobby may actually be disappointed about it.
“We have reason to believe—”
Dean’s shock drops off his face as it morphs into a frown. “But you looked great!” Dean protests, a little too enthusiastically. He pulls back his passion for a second to focus on offence. “My stuff not good enough for you?”
He can’t breathe for the thought of where he might be. If he’s even anywhere, if the angels haven’t already— he can’t think about that. And it’s his fault, because of course it is. Because he, for one fucking minute, actually allowed himself to want something. Because he dared to think he could actually have it, even when it was really fucking obvious that he couldn’t.
Castiel flicks his eyes up to meet Bobby’s for as much of a moment as he can manage. The answer will not sate him, will not help him find peace, and will certainly not absolve Castiel of any of the blame. But it is the truth, and this man deserves that much. So Castiel answers, “I can’t be sure, but— it’s likely my punishment.” Bobby is silent, simply looking at him with the same pained expression. “To continue to suffer in this… state, or to take my own life in shame. To angels that is a greater punishment than a simple execution.”
Cas turns to face Dean and gives a small shrug. “I suppose I became accustomed to being cold at night,” he says. “I didn’t have many warm nights sleep the first time I was human.”
“I think Cas knows that he’s welcome here,” Sam assures.
“On both counts?” Naomi asks.
I was anything like her.”
Bobby’s hands are held tight in his lap from where he sits in the couch-adjacent armchair. “They’re dead?”
“You almost shot me by accident when you were seven,” Sam recalled. “But sure, I didn’t break my head open on a coffee table.”
Dean stops fiddling with his bedclothes and stands up straight to address Castiel. “Hey, no,” he says, soft. “How many time do I gotta say this? You saved Sam’s life. And you know, maybe if you hadn’t come along, who knows, maybe I woulda got desperate enough to make a deal. So, Cas,
“So what’s our play?” Eileen asks, similarly staring down young Dean. “Are we trying to find who did this, or are we trying to fix it?”
“Not in public you don’t.”
“You can feel it?” Castiel asks, amazed.
“Oh, yeah, that one’s great.”
Castiel takes a breath and shuffles his feet a little. “I’m sorry if I ruined your jacket.”
Dean shifts over to stand above his brother. The grace swirls in the vial in silky streams of glowing white vapour. He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes for a moment of silent prayer to anyone who’d listen, to Castiel.
“A bit excessive, don’t you think?” Dean asks, leaning a hand against the cart and watching Jo as she works.
“Well you’re one hundred percent of what the rest of us humans are,” Bobby says with a shrug. “It ain’t all bad.”
“What?” Cas asked.
“Oh,” Dean pouts, impressed, with a satisfied nod. “I like it.”
just to help me. So if I’ve never thanked you for all that before, then, uh, thanks.”
