It all started when Tony noticed his propensity for getting headaches when he stared at his holographic projections, or any LED screens, for too long. At first he chalked it up to his blood pressure acting up again, or maybe he needed to change the prescription of his reading glasses. But after consulting JARVIS and the A.I told him that his blood pressure was within the normal range and that his glasses prescription was up to date, he started to suspect something else was up.
“No, no. Although now that you mention it, you do smell like banana,” Steve paused consideringly, “It feels like I’ve smelled this scent on you before.” Steve let up from his position on top of Tony, pulling Tony up with him to sit up. Tony stared at him expectantly and Steve was starting to realize that Tony was hiding something from him.
so the problem with myths and the like is that the hero and heroine always fall in love instantly, and that's...unrealistic to say the least. So I tried to make it a bit more realistic by highlighting Steve and Tony's mutual admiration for each other and gradually build on that. I hope it works. Let me know!
That stopped Tony short. He looked up sharply at his friend, trying to see whether he heard her correctly.
“Fine, Tony. But just one cup, and I’ll know if you try and sneak in another cup, JARVIS is monitoring your intake.”
“Seriously, dude, you can’t even handle one measly toolbox?” DUM-E chirped sadly, claw drooping to the floor as he started to pick up the tools he dropped. Tony sighed fondly at the helper bot. DUM-E might have glitches and his learning algorithm a bit spotty at times, but Tony was so proud of him. He wondered if this was how parents felt towards their kids. If Howard or his mom ever felt that way about him.
He had just texted Joe that he was on his way home when he heard the scream. In an instant, Peter shot his web to the nearest building, swinging his way to the direction of the scream, arriving just in time to witness a mugging in progress. The would be mugging victim, a blonde lady in scrubs clutched at her purse and stared defiantly at the mugger. Peter inwardly slow-clapped and saluted the lady for not showing an ounce of fear in the midst of a harrowing situation.
Steve blinked dumbly. He was pretty sure he heard Tony said his testicles made him nauseous, but that couldn’t possible right?
“Ah!” Joe’s phone beeped, “found him! He’s in...Queens? What on earth is he doing in a back alley in Queens?” Joe wondered aloud.
“I’m a pretty observant guy for a dumb jock,” Jamie grinned, “and at the risk of sounding like that weird sparkly vampire, I notice everything about you, Joe. You’re the most fascinating person in this school. ” Jamie’s warm smile emphasized the sincerity of his words.
He knew he should be talking to someone about this. But there was no one in Tony’s life that he felt comfortable enough to talk about his
“Thanks.” Steve shrugged, cheeks reddening slightly. Seeing Tony being so appreciative of his baby made him feel happy, for some reason. “I’m really proud of her. I modified her myself to my own liking, and she’s worth every penny of debt I’m going in to.” Steve chuckled, looking like a proud Papa smiling down at his offspring.
“Well, Phil was afraid we’d get caught because I’m loud,” Clint chuckled, eyes sparkling as he looked at Coulson.
Clint recognized a onset of a panic attack when he saw one. Unfortunately, he wasn’t sure what triggered this particular event. As an Avenger, he knew what Tony’s triggers were. Sand, darkness, enclosed space, to name a few. But in the brightly lit, clean and sprawling living room of the Avengers Tower’s penthouse for Tony to have a panic attack was a rare occasion. He checked the television again to make sure they weren’t airing anything that could also triggered Tony’s panic attack. And yes, the news have now changed to Hoda and Kathie Lee’s day drinking show.
The plane was taxiing above the Pacific when Tony finally get a chance to open the present Joe handed to him. It turned out to be a Beach Boys CD. Tony could only chuckled sadly.
“Best that we get to know this boy early. You’re right, Tony. Joe, extend a dinner invitation to Mr. Wilde for next week. We’ll be expecting him.” Papa said in his Captain America voice, the one that nobody was able to say no to.
“Aloha, Sue.” Tony answered, taking a peak at the name tag the lady wore, “I’m doing just fine, thank you. My car broke down, so I just need to kill time until they tow my car. I guess I’ll have a coffee in the meantime.”
“Working on that, Barnes. The problem isn’t just the hardware, it’s also the chemical reaction produced by the core that caused the heat exchanges melting the casing. I’m trying to find elemental substitute to the Palladium core we’ve been using. Tried every combination and every permutation of all the elements on the Periodic Table and nothing works so far.” Tony finished. His mind wandered, maybe the key wasn’t nuclear fission of radioactive element. Tony had been thinking of playing around with the possibility of mimicking nuclear fusion in the reactor. Would he get better efficiency harvesting the energy produced by slamming two elemental nuclei at really really high speed? Tony’s thinking maybe at speed approximating the speed of light  Hmm, finally a hypothesis worth testing.
Steve shook his in disappointment, “Honey, you’re not sleeping, all because you have this-- this obsession with building the suits. And I don’t understand, Tony. Please, just talk to me. Help me understand why you have to do this. Please don’t shut me out.” Steve pleaded with his lover.
“About the lack of kids, and the yelling and the hollering about not being able to find the inhaler, or the glasses or that particular Chomsky book. This seems very suspicious, Steve.”
The song continued to play. The chorus was blaring from the soundsystem. You can’t start a fire, you can’t start a fire without a spark.
“Ah, mysterious real estate mogul who’s been trying to destroy our home away from home.” Loki remarked coldly as the man stood beside him. Killian smiled coldly at Loki’s words then signalled for Clint to make him his usual drink. “What nefarious reason does he have now?”
doing here?” Clint screamed, “you just disappeared right after you entered the Gorgon’s lair and then suddenly reappeared in my island. What the hell happened?”
“Bruce and Maria. Bruce came in a little before 4 AM to do inventory with Maria. Do you think it was one of them?” Tony answered as he walked towards Steve. He held out his hand for Steve to hold and they went in the bar hand in hand.
“One cup per day, Tony,” Steve cautioned, “I’ll know if you cheat. Now, sit down please. I’ll take care of Ulysses’ breakfast.”
“Good business, like a good bonding, is outwardly boring.” Killian said again, “Sorry.” he shrugged as Clint and Loki, once again, fixed him with a hateful stare.
Steve chuckled nervously, his eyes flickered around the room as he took a deep breath to say what he needed to say next, “No, I’m nervous because...because I’ve come here to break up with you.”
If the speaker on the other line was taken aback by Tony’s curtness, it didn’t show in his next words. “My name is Arne Ingelman from the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. You have been proposed by your peers in the Nobel Committee for Physics for laureates for the Nobel Prize for Physics due to your groundbreaking work in synthesizing and isolating the new element Howardium and for achieving controlled and sustainable nuclear fusion chain reaction. It is our pleasure to inform you that you have been chosen as this year’s Nobel laureate in Physics. Congratulations, Sir.”
“Can’t imagine why. Ain’t much of a hero if he couldn’t even save the most important person in his life, right?”
“Thanks, Steve. But I really don’t feel up for it,” Thor slumped further in his seat, staring despondently at the tv screen. Steve and Tony exchanged an alarmed look at Thor’s general moodiness.
One year later, and he was still here in Hawai’i. At first, Tony didn’t expect to stay for more than two weeks. But after his two weeks were up, he found that he was reluctant to leave. Tony seemed to be agreeing with the island way of life. He fully embraced the “island time”, Kona coffee has become part of his bloodstream and Aloha shirts have slowly intermingled with band shirts in his wardrobe. He decided to relocate permanently to Hawai’i, buying a large seaside mansion in Kahala and moving all his boys and some of his cars to his new home. Pepper and Rhodey seemed to approve of the move, seeming to believe that the island is beneficial to Tony’s health. Happy was completely on board with the move. Nowadays, Tony’s bodyguard could be found lounging on the patio, basking in the Hawai’ian sun.
“Awesome, it’s the Crew!” Thor exclaimed, contrasting Jarvis’ lamentation, “I’ve been banked by a rock band.”
Tony chuckled and looked over to him, a smile on his face. Steve always knew what to say to alleviate his fears and his doubts. For so long, Tony had to wear a mask, an armor to a world that would swallow him up whole and throw him back up for daring to be an omega that defy societal norms. For being an omega who stood up for his rights, for demanding to be seen as a human, not a mere vessel for Alphas and Betas to procreate with, for wanting more than what was prescribed to him.
Steven striked Cetus with his fist, stunning the sea monster and wounding him. That impressive display of strength and power sent shivers up Anthony’s spine. And to another place in his nether regions that probably wasn’t polite to share out loud. Cetus recovered, though and roared back up from the sea, lunging for Steven. He deftly evaded the sea monster’s gaping maw as it lunged forward, missed him and crashed to the beach instead. Steven leapt off the horse’s back onto the beach, landing in front of the beast. They grapled for a bit, a wrestling match between man and beast where Steven with his bare hand held the monster aloft and dropped it on the ground several times. Cetus seemed to be losing the battle, but recovered shortly, attacking Steven with a swipe of his paw that Steven deflected with his shield. Steven pushed back at him and threw the shield at the monster before returning back to Steven’s outstretched hand.
“I know you motherfuckers worked late last night, maybe short on sleep.” Nick Fury, the bar’s attorney said. He was holding a makeshift briefing with the bar’s employees who were on shift last night and trying to control some of the damage this stupid-ass bullshit murder was gonna bring his dumbass clients, “But I need to prepare you dumbasses for what happens next. Now, has anybody not heard about the murder?”
Bruce left after giving Steve all of Aurora’s items, from the diaper bags to the Baby Einstein picture book that she was currently fixated on. Steve propped her up on his lap and decided to entertain her a little bit by going through the picture book with her. Aurora’s sharp intelligent eyes moved through the pages with him. Once in a while she would point at a picture, and glanced up at Steve asking him with her gaze what the item would be called. They played the pointing game, as Steve dubbed it in his mind, for awhile until Joe and Peter came up to them.
Tony, with baby Joe in his arms, sauntered into the kitchen like he owned the place (which he did). Steve shot him an exasperated look, more than used to his mate’s teasing.
They never did watch the movie that night. They made love to the wee hours of the morning, Tony gasping, out of breath and overwhelmed at the sensations that wrecked his body. Steve covered his body with his own strong body, protecting him from his monsters and the nightmares. Tony could sleep now, Steve’s finally home and save with him.
And just like that, the Avengers knew that Tony was expecting. They were ecstatic. Clint has been pestering him and Steve to name him the baby’s godfather; Natasha has been silently but persistently pushing old timey Russian remedies that were known to be good for pregnant omegas and their babies, like chicken feet soup that according to her would boost the baby’s intelligence (please, Tony’s gonna be this kid’s parent, there’s no way the kid was gonna turn out any way other than a genius) or some green leafy vegetables that she said would boost Tony’s milk production during lactation (and that was just...Tony had no words for that. He’d cross that bridge when he got to it).
“Well, what am I supposed to do?” Steve helplessly pointed at his still very much impressive erection. “I can’t exactly hide them.”
“The most definitive cure for pre-eclampsia is to deliver the baby and the placenta, as soon as possible.” Dr. Rosenberg said, “obviously, we can’t do that anytime soon as Tony still have about four months to go. Lowering the blood pressure would be the next best thing, Steve. I’ve prescribed anti-hypertensive meds for Tony to take. He would need to take this for the remainder of the pregnancy and well after that as well.”
Together, they managed to find their way to the observation room above the operating theatre where their family was gathered. Natasha and Clint stood stoically facing the operating room. Natasha had a bandage wrapped around her head while Clint had one wrapped around his left arm. Sam stood next to him, face stern and arms crossed. Bucky looked like he was praying,  hands clutching a rosary and eyes closed. Thor nervously ran his hand through his hair, it was the only time Tony had ever seen the God of Thunder looked nervous or even fearful. Someone, and Tony thought that it might be Clint, had been kind enough to bring the boys over and set up a sleeping area for them. Ulysses and Joe were likely moved here without ever waking up for a second. They were sleeping soundly on a futon in the corner of the room.
“Consider me your top suspect,” Chef Maria Hill said confidently to the two detectives currently interviewing her in the interrogation room.
“Hey, mr. Could-kill-me-with-one-punch. I couldn’t get enough of your spam. How about your fry some and put a couple of eggs on top for me?” Tony genially requested.
greatest pleasure.” Tony grinned happily and leaned in for a kiss Steve was more than happy to bestow.
Bruce and Coulson brought him to the storage room where the stock the liquor and beers for the bar’s inventory. Hidden behind cases of liquors and beer, Tony saw the metal bucket they used to use for the janitor to mop the floor before they switched to the lighter plastic buckets. In it, Tony saw his Belgian corduroy coat, a Christmas present from Steve, charred and unrecognizable because somebody had torched it.
“What were you doing?” Steve asked, he was walking around the holographic arc reactor that JARVIS was still displaying.
A couple of tense minute where only the sounds of the particle accelerator filling the air. Tony was almost scared of what JARVIS would say next.
Tony never considered himself as a particularly political person. Sure, he follows the news and kept himself well appraised on current events. But he’s not the type of person who would be posting or tweeting political posts. The only time he ever come close to being political was when he supported sending the troops to Afghanistan after 9/11. But then again, that could be argued as an natural emotional response to a terror attack although his critics would characterize it as “war mongering”.
“Bucky’s fine. He finally agreed to leave the Hulk cage and stay in one of the guest floors. Tony, come on, something’s wrong, I know you.”
As they passed the other Avengers, Tony could trace the exact moment they saw Steve’s disfigured form from the way their eyes blew wide open in shock and mortification. He felt Clint and Natasha stepping out of the Quinjet, solemn and stoic behind him. Tony didn’t want to see them, because he knew if he did then he would falsely blame them for coming home whole and healthy while Steve looked the way he was.
To be perfectly frank, Tony had never cared much for Captain America. To him, he was just a figurehead. But Steve Rogers, him Tony idolized. His courage and bravery, his willingness to sacrifice his life for the greater good, Tony hoped he could be half as good as him when he grew up. This fixation with Steve Rogers wasn’t something he could explain. His bravery and his
producers come up with when high on DMT”, but watched and frequently snapchatted Tony’s lunches and dinners to his followers, much to Tony’s annoyance.
The skin grafts and the serum did their job well and Steve looked as if he never went through the accident in the first place, apart from the shaved head.
Tony was speechless. He knew that the prosthetics he created helped people, but to hear it straight from the horse’s mouth, so to speak, that was the last thing he expected. “Thanks, Steve. It’s good to hear that. And anytime your buddy needs a tune up on the ole prosthetic, just let me know. You guys can come by the house.”
Like every little boy in America, Tony grew up idolizing Captain America. He was the perfect role model. Captain America was brave, righteous. He was patriotic and he would do what was right for the country and for everyone. Captain America was everyone’s hero. And until he felt like his dad liked Cap more than Tony, he was Tony’s hero too. Tony wanted to be just as good and noble as Cap. His Cap action figure was his favorite toy, he never went anywhere without it. And someday, he wanted to have a love story like Cap and Aunt Natasha. Minus the tragic separation by death, of course. But he wanted that certainty, that devotion to and from someone and being so in love that you’d willingly sacrifice your life because life was just too unbearable to live through without them at your side.
“Very good.” Tony pinched his chubby cheek,  “And the first law of thermodynamics is basically a paraphrasing of what other law?”
Steve clutched tighter at the hand in his grasp, drawing strength from Tony’s presence next to him. Tony was right, he wasn’t a burden. They were a family, a pack. They carry each other’s burden and support each other.
Tony smiled softly, reverently at him. He thought Tony looks happy to be back home, and he felt how happy Tony was from the hardness currently nestled along his hip. “Do you love me?” Tony asked, his hazel brown eyes shining with mischief.
They were still trying to figure out how Steve managed to break into a church and kidnapped all of them at the same time. Although ‘kidnap’ might be too strong a word, because Steve tricked them into boarding the shuttle by telling them they were going for brunch. The Avengers were suckers for brunches. They should have known it was a trap, Steve wouldn’t be going anywhere voluntarily without Tony anymore.
Tony was one of the most selfless man Natasha knew, and although he was not a man without faults it made her heart ache to see such a good man. Knowing how much he has gone through in his life, absentee parents and the betrayal of his mentor, just made her sympathize for her boss even more.
“You’ve reached Bonnie,” Tony answered in greeting, “And Clyde.” Steve joined him. “Murder incorporated. How may we help you?” they cracked up laughing at coming up with that clever greeting to Nick. The man in concern was not looking very impressed on the other line. He placidly handed over his phone to the man standing in front of him.
Tony took in his shock with aplomb, only patting Steve’s hand and telling him not to look at the menu and just let him order. When the waiter stopped by their table, Tony ordered their food and conversed with the waiter in flawless Italian. Steve felt a little hot under the collar as he heard his mate spoke that beloved language. By the smirk on his face, Tony knew what he was doing and what effect it has on his mate.
As Steve revved up the engine to drive faster to the mansion, he remembered one Christmas a long time ago where he managed to get a 24 hour leave pass and spent his first and only Christmas with Natasha. He remembered the promise they made to each other about celebrating Christmas like civilians, like normal people who didn’t have to worry about the specter of war and not having the weight of the world on their shoulders. Steve idly wondered if Tony still remembered that he promised Steve a dance and that he’d make it a slow one.
“Yes, dim sum!” Clint cheered, “I’ll go wake everyone up!” then he rushed out of the kitchen to wake everyone up.
“Pun absolutely intended.” Anthony snickered at him. Steven leveled him with a flat, unimpressed look which didn’t deter Anthony from laughing at him. “Oh, come on Steven. This is amusing. This statue is one of a kind. Not what I expected from the God of Poetry and the Arts, but I have to admit I like it better this way.”
“Why, uh, why do you say that, Point Break?” He and Steve were the last two people on Earth who should be giving out relationship advice because between the two of them they had a grand total of ONE relationship working out: the one they were currently in. Their first relationship was also their last relationship. Ain’t that something?
Tony woke up with a horrified gasp. His amber eyes flickered back and forth, trying to take in his surrounding though in his panicked and frightened state of mind he couldn’t register anything too much. JARVIS’ soothing baritone immediately filled the air.
Tony was silent for a while fiddling with the straw stuck in his water cup. Steve looked at him intently. His blue eyes, as bright as the Hawai’ian sky exuded understanding and empathy. Tony felt like he could spill everything in his heart to this man and still talked some more.
“Excuse me, what am I doing?” one of his students asked. The man has just drawn a stick figure on his canvas, and Steve was of the opinion that all art was good art, so he wasn’t about to tell this man that his drawing sucked.
“They were badgering me so much I had to cut the meeting short otherwise I won’t be held accountable for blasting a repulsor in their faces.” Tony heaved himself up unto one of the stools. The added baby weight was making it more difficult than usual to sit by the kitchen counter, but he’ll manage. In a couple more weeks, he’d probably need Steve to put him in a wheelbarrow and push him wherever he went. Hah, wouldn’t that be a sight.
Tony had done a lot of unadvisable stuff in his young, misguided days at MIT. Which continued later on after he graduated up to the time life finally gave him a smack in the face and told him to clean up his act. He never before regretted what he did at parties or otherwise. Tony didn’t believe in shirking responsibility for the consequences of his actions. If you did the deed, then you better be prepared for the consequences.
Tony started the walk to his car when Steve’s voice stopped him in his tracks, “Actually Tony, would you like to have breakfast again tomorrow morning? Same time? Because I have to go to mass at 10. ”
“You know, Peebee, you should start taking your own advice. Just take a leap of faith.” Joe told him kindly. He spotted Jamie by his locker talking with Aaron, but when Jamie spotted him and Peter, he said something to Aaron and headed their way.
“Really, Buck? Food poisoning? You survived the Depression eating mulligan stew and you got food poisoning from eating poke?” Steve leaned against the bathroom door, arms crossed in front of his chest, looking on with thinly veiled disgust at the sight in front of him.
Popcorn was made for all and they settled in to watch the movie. Tony and Steve took the couch as usual, Natasha sitting next to Tony with one of the popcorn bowls placed on top of Tony’s pregnant belly despite Steve’s look of disapproval. Thor and Bruce took the love seat, with Sam in one of the recliners and Clint sprawled out on the carpeted floor.
Sometimes, the choices that you make define the rest of your life. You might not know how or when the consequences of those choices appear, but they appear all the same. Of course, some decisions weigh more than others; some choices impact your life more than most. For example, if you choose to skip your usual morning coffee today because you were running late, it probably won’t impact what you do ten or twenty years from now. But if you choose not to drink coffee for the rest of your life, that might have a bigger impact on your kidney and heart function in the long term. Same goes for the matters of the heart. Some people say that “the heart wants what it wants.” But that particular epithet implied that you can’t help feeling a certain way for someone and takes all the personal responsibility for falling in love. It implies that you can’t help falling in love with someone.
Eight months in and thankfully the spherical object aversion was over. Tony moved past that phase of the pregnancy and moved into the weird food combination cravings. Clint dubbed Tony’s food pairings as “something that
“Oh my God, he spoke!” Tony leapt out of his chair and rushed over to Thor and Ulysses, Steve hot on his heels, “say that again, baby. What did you say?”
“If you do this,” Tony gestured with toothpick in his hand. He picked up the last waffle piece, pierced the toothpick through the waffle roof and the waffle door to create a hinge for the waffle door to swing about on, “This way you’ll have the door for the little waffle people to come through.”
“Tony please. I know what you’re like after long sessions in the workshop. And this ain’t like that. Please don’t lie to me,” Steve countered. Then in a quiet voice, he said, “I just want to help you. I love you,”
“Tony, I’m so glad I found you again.” Steve reverently said, his stormy blue eyes gazing deeply into Tony’s amber eyes. Those eyes that haunted his dreams, those eyes that used to only be in his dreams were now staring at him in real life. Tony clutched tighter to Steve through his armor, willing Steve to feel the layers of reinforced kevlar painted atrociously in red, white and blue. Tony stroked the star emblazoned prominently on Steve’s chest reverently.
Steven and Anthony jolted upwards and scrambled away from each other at Clint’s obnoxious voice. When they looked up, there he was, the God of Sun just a couple of feet away from them, looking harried and for all the world like he was annoyed Steven didn’t tell him, he was still alive.
Peter’s family was extraordinary in their capability to love and comfort each other. As far as Peter was concerned, that was the only “remarkable talent” that counted.
“I did! She didn’t want to hear about it. Said something about how she’s told me many times about her being a vegan and that I never remember anything she tells me. It’s not like she’s any better with remembering things. I had to tell her time and time again that strawberry flavored poptarts are my least favorite but she keeps buying it for me. What’s so hard about remembering a poptart flavor?”
“What? Did I do something wrong? Is it the baby?” Steve immediately rolled off Tony’s body to the side, hands cradling the precious cargo Tony was carrying in his body.
Tony smirked and turned to the side where his mate was standing by, taking measure of the situation.
Tony seemed to take it all in stride. In a complete reversal to what occurred when Tony was pregnant with Joe, Steve was the one on bedrest now while Tony was allowed to work and go about his days as usual. Other than the miscarriage scare at the beginning of the pregnancy, everything was going swimmingly with the third (and
Joe and Bucky could only stare in horrified silence at the sight of an unconscious man on Steve’s bedroom floor.
“Well, Cap -- that’s what we all call Steve, Cap, told this hip hop wannabe artist DJ Falcon, who’s actually kind of cute, that he would never book him to play in the bar.” Natasha informed them.
Steve just hugged Tony closer to him, dropping his head to the crook of Tony’s neck where Tony immediately started to card his fingers through his hair, just the way Steve liked it.
“Someone used my coat to muffle the gunshot.” Tony concluded, and Bruce nodded his agreement, “well, what did you do with my coat?”
Steve laughed at that and brought her hand, the one in his hold up to his mouth, kissing her knuckles reverently, “Think we’ll ever get to celebrate Christmas like a civilian? A huge Christmas tree in the corner with presents underneath, lazing about at home with the fireplace roaring in the background, some slow music playing on the record. We could finally have our first dance.”
They had bought tickets for the Met too, but when they went by the museum and saw the horrific long line just to enter the museum, they decided to hell with the museum and walked towards Stark Mansion, where the Maria Stark Foundation was located in the same avenue and took pictures there instead.
Tony moved to follow the med crew, but a sharp pain in his abdomen stopped him in his tracks. Tony hissed in pain, clutching at his stomach as the pain intensified. Natasha and Clint rushed to him, holding him up and he clutched at them.
“Bruce, you want to join us for lunch?” Thor asked, the smile was more genuine when directed at Tony’s science bro. Hmm, isn’t that interesting?
Steve talked to him. A lot. He told him everything that happened ever since he woke up from the ice. How he felt overwhelmed by the changes and unfamiliar things that surround him on a daily basis, that he sometimes wished they never found him in the ice. Steve also told him that slowly things got better for him. He met and fought with Tony Stark (and that was anther doozy, Howard has a son...Bucky always thought Howard would be a forever bachelor, but then again what did he know) and was now bonded to him. They have a son together.
That night, Tony did his usual chore of putting feeding Ulysses and putting him to bed. What was unusual was he lingered for long moments after the little boy was finally lulled to sleep by the slow oscillation of the rocking chair. There was no hurry to return back to the room, Steve wouldn’t be there anyway, still locked away with Barnes. God knew how many more nights he would have to spend alone now.
anything, because Zeus still sounded like a scumbag if Steven’s stories were to be believed. And Anthony was more than inclined to believe him more than anyone in his life.
At this point, the two particles should be at sufficient speed to fall into each other and fuse into one. “Initiate nuclear fusion, J.”
He rushed down to the workshop, eager to share his epiphany with his mate. He hurriedly commanded JARVIS to open the workshop door, uncaring for his curt tone for once.
“Do you have a picture of the poor bastard that was murdered?” Loki asked again, still exemplifying the Irish accent.
True to form, the three of them did beat the hell out of each other decimating the better part of the forests surrounding the Avengers facility upstate.
Steve sighed longsufferingly looking very put upon, but the small smile that formed on his face betrayed his affections for Tony. He reached in his jacket pocket and felt for the box that was supposed to be in there.
“Of course,” Steve took out his wallet and gave the boy two twenty dollar bills, “get some for your brother too. Speaking of, where’s Ulysses and your Babbo?”
Tony rushed to Steve’s studio, where he found his mate stood in front of a canvas working on a painting, with Ulysses playing in the playpen they set up in Steve’s studio.
It was hard to recall any occasion or instance where they were proud of him. To recall times when they were scared or annoyed with him was easier, especially if they were afraid that Tony’s ‘little secret’ was in danger of being discovered. After that fateful day, eighteen years ago, he never talked about his abilities or even showed it to anyone. He was tempted, so tempted, to tell Jarvis, but out of respect to his parents he didn’t. He did use it on Ana Jarvis, back when Ana was suffering from chemo to surreptitiously ease Ana’s pain, if only so she could get some sleep or stomach the bowl of soup Jarvis would make lovingly for his wife. Tony had a feeling Jarvis suspected, but the man never said anything to him nor made his suspicions known.
“Hmm, I think I’ll just keep it to myself for now. What’s the fun in telling you all the answers? Ain’t you supposed to be a genius?” Jamie teased him, the grin on his face making him look even more handsome to Joe.
As the movie was played on one of the channels that still allow commercials, they had to suffer through ads every twenty minutes. Which prompted the Avengers to start pelting the TV with popcorn anytime a commercial was aired. Honestly, they were more like a bunch of toddlers than superheroes, Steve thought ruefully. He would die for them and wouldn’t trade them for the world, though.
Gordon Ramsey. But my professional life consists of cooking chicken wings designed to make people buy more beer. I’m a woman on the edge,” she concluded.
“No, Babbo. There was no trace of radioactivity in Peter’s bloodstream. We checked already. His DNA, however, was altered. There were some sequences in there that don’t align with the human genome but align with the arachnid genome.” Joe explained, “Also, some of the biomarkers on Peter’s blood match the superserum in Papa’s blood. Which makes sense since Peter now has enhanced strength, senses and also healing.”
“Don’t worry about it, Steve. Just focus on getting better,” Tony kissed him, “I’m good at multitasking. It’ll be fun. It’ll be like college again with all the homeworks and projects I need to do at the same time. Minus the drinking and the parties, of course.”
“What?! I’ve never seen you before in my life! You’re lying!” Steve shouted back, hurling his bucket of paint brushes at the man.
“If you’re so good, then are you gonna ask Liz to homecoming next year? I heard she’s gonna be in the Homecoming committee.” Joe asked slyly.
It was Steve. Steve was sitting a couple of feet away from him, his watch reflecting the rays of the sun towards the general area where Tony was sitting. If Tony thought he was ready to get over Steve, this just nuked any hope he ever had of getting over him. He was sitting on a towel on the sand, bare chested and wearing blue board shorts. A surf board was planted into the sand next to him, and from the way his hair was a couple of shades darker than it usually was Tony has managed to catch him post-surf. He had a sketchbook open on his on his lap, a mechanical pencil was held in his fingers, dancing across the smooth surface of the paper, drawing from memory or the scenery Tony didn’t know. He was so beautiful, Tony’s heart ached to go to him and hug him, tell Steve how much he missed him, how much Tony loves him and how these past couple of weeks completely destroyed him.
That’s not to say that they never had problems. Tony still had years of trust issues to overcome. And for someone so seemingly over confident and self-assured in public, Tony was mired in insecurities and always felt inadequate, at times questioning whether Steve being with him was a good thing. Steve would always shoot down his self-doubts and his self-hate with assurances of unequivocal love, telling Tony that if not even death could separate them, then nothing would. And that Steve loved him not despite of his perceived weaknesses but with full awareness of it. It wasn’t as if Steve was perfect himself. He was stubborn as all get out, there were days when he would wake up and just hated everything in this new world. Hated how different it was from everything he knew back then. Hated how for this world to exist, the one he knew and grew up in had to be torn down and remade. And on those days, he was an asshole to everyone, even to the person he claimed to be his
“Yes. Her head is in the knapsack over there. I have to keep it covered, because even in death her powers remain.” Steve gestured to the knapsack laying on the ground, a distance away from them, thank the Gods. Anthony shot a wary glance at the bag on their ground. Sensing his worries, Steven placed an arm around Anthony’s shoulders to comfort him, “don’t worry, Anthony, nothing’s going to happen to you.”
“Tony! I was just telling Steve that we should have a double date tonight. What say you? A night out on the town, make the others babysit for you. You and Steve in your best suits, showing the world what a good-looking couple you both are.”
“This song…” Tony sobbed, hiccuping once, “This one time this song came on the radio, and Steve started dancing…” he cried louder, “It was so bad...he looked like squiggly worm on a fishing hook.”
“Yeah. It’s amazing what forensics can do these days, huh Stevie?” Bucky continued, his lips quirked in a smile that was one part sadness and one part disappointment, “Now, if we happen to find that particular item, it could lead straight to the killer.”
At least, that’s what Tony thinks as he sits and waits for Steve to wake up from his medically induced coma. In the aftermath of SHIELD’s downfall and the revelation that the organization has been infiltrated by HYDRA all along, the outside world was in chaos. Natasha’s information dump on the internet has given the press news to report on from now until probably the end of time. In the midst of it all, Tony was briefed about Project Insight and how they hijacked the helicarriers he built for SHIELD to target and eliminate civilians, him among them, based on some creepy ass algorithm created by Arnim Zola. It was all a fucking mess. Made even worse by the fact that when he returns back to the States after a business trip in Japan with Pepper, he is informed that Steve is in a medically induced coma at Walter Reed after stopping the helicarrier from going airborne.
“Hey! Hey, guys!” Tony tried in vain to shout over the sound of Sam’s singing. Bucky was playing the guitar and Thor the drums. The three of them were playing Rock Band
“Papa, what exactly did we ruin?” Joe asked, ever the voice of reason and Steve’s most level headed child, “maybe if you tell us what it is we could help you,”
Natasha and Wilson came up together, sweaty and out of breath (in Wilson’s case) and immaculate with not a hair out of place (also looking very much like something out of his wildest dreams) in Natasha’s case. Apparently they were in the gym together and had sparred.
Tony scooted closer to him, slotting his head in the space under Steve’s neck. Steve felt him sigh deeply and pressed a kiss to his collarbone.
“You erased me from your memory because you thought you were holding me back from having a fulfilled and happy live. But what you don’t understand is, a life without you would be meaningless because you’re the love of my life, the man of my dreams.” Tony motioned around to the artworks surrounding him, “and apparently I’m the man of yours.”
“This whole time I’ve known you and I never how beautiful your voice sounds when you sing,” Steve’s voice startled him out of his reverie. He spotted his Alpha standing at the doorjamb of the nursery, a smile on his face as he looked at them.
“It’s okay, you didn’t know,” Steve shook his head, “It was a stupid idea anyway. We’ve been together for eighteen years already. Why do we need to renew our vows in the first place?”
Sue looked exasperatedly at him, “They’re not breakfast. I’ll get you some spam and eggs,” she said decisively then turned and left. “Nick, I need spam and eggs.” she yelled to the cook in the kitchen, who was visible from Tony’s spot on the counter.
“You’re not gonna tell anyone, are you?” Peter looked at him with such a hangdog expression that Jamie was helpless not to assure and comfort the younger boy.
“I like it, Buck. It is a work of art. That Tony Stark is a genius.” Steve said, moving to the kitchen to retrieve Joe’s present.
“Master Ulysses, Sir. He has been playing Hootie and the Blowfish songs since he woke up this morning.”
That morning they were all gathered in the kitchen for breakfast, like they usually did. Steve and Bruce were cooking what looked like a whole hog’s worth of bacon and eggs for the family, while Natasha and Sam were sitting at the counter, her drinking imported Russian tea while Sam was reading the news on his own tablet. Clint and Thor weren’t awake yet, but the smell of bacon would bring them up, sooner or later.
“Hey, guys!” Clint greeted the audience, which consisted of him and Steve along with the other bar employees and some patrons who had a firmly held belief of it being 5 PM somewhere.
“Then explain to me how so many people who’ve played here over the years have gone on to fame and fortune.”
Steve pressed a kiss to his forehead, “Thank you for understanding, buddy. You’re the best big brother anyone could ever have.”
“I’m telling you, Steve, this is a bad idea,” Tony said for the thousandth time after they retreated to their rooms to get ready for their double date that night. Tony emerged from their walk-in closet that Steve still insisted was a sitting room (it had a couch and a window, the definition fit alright), wearing a blue jacket and maroon pants, his hair styled expertly and looking all kinds of delectable. If the night ended in disaster, at the very least Steve got to see Tony all spruced up for the first time in four months. That was enough to make up for the inevitable disaster of the night.
“Ooh, maybe they’ll win for your birthday, Dad.” Joe hummed resignedly, “And I’ll bet Manning runs it in.” Steve turned to Bucky.
Natasha was the kids’ godmother and Nate’s biological mother. Natasha and Tony got along well. Natasha seemingly immune to his charms and shenanigans, not shying away in telling Tony when he was being an ass or when he needed to eat more than coffee and Reese’s Peanut butter cups for a meal. Three months after meeting Tony, she and Pepper met while Pepper came down to visit and Pepper practically begged Natasha to quit her job at the Aquarium and become Tony’s PA, because apparently Happy couldn’t handle Tony’s antics after he let Tony took the Audi R8 out for a spin in downtown Honolulu.
“Good. Now come here, gimme a hug.” They all rushed to him, and Tony had his arms full with his niece and nephews. “Love you, guys.” he murmured, kissing their heads one by one.
Before he drove away Tony spared a look at Steve’s face as he stood there in the torrential downpour. Steve looked devastated, and if Tony look at his own face in the mirror, he would see the same expression staring back at him. Whatever, Steve would forget about this come morning anyway. Tony’s the one who’ll be getting firsthand experience on how to live without his soul.
“Right. But here in the real world, when do we get our tech guys back?” Steve leaned back in his seat.
So now, Tony’s days were spent puttering around in the workshop with his baby (babies), not so discreetly spying on his mate. He converted a corner of his workshop for a play area where he placed Ulysses’ cot and a playpen. The small fridge that used to house various liquors and wines were now devoid of alcohol and filled with bottles upon bottles of breastmilk and water. Tony wondered what his old self would think looking at how domesticated he was these days. A billionaire trophy wife, a title he would wear proudly, thank you very much. Looking at Ulysses playing with building blocks with DUM-E’s assistance, he couldn’t help but not give a damn about what his old self or anyone would think if they saw him now. He’d go through all of it again, even Afghanistan, even knowing the truth of his parents’ demise, if at the end he could have Ulysses and Steve. That little boy personified the future generation, and he was the reason Tony got out of bed every morning, his reason to keep working and his reason to establish this new foundation.
“Right.” Steve nodded, knowing exactly what Wilson’s brother intended to talk to him about, “Uh, Clint, why don’t you play another song for Tony here? He seemed to enjoy it.” Steve touched Tony’s shoulder as he walked away from the stage, following Wilson’s lead. Tony was oblivious to the situation, wrapped up in the music while Thor followed with intelligent and sharp eyes as his boss walked to the back doors. Knowing that nothing good was going to happen from Wilson leading Steve out through the backdoor, he decided to follow his boss.
“Steve wouldn’t go for what?” Steve walked in to the nursery, carrying tray filled with bowl of Natasha’s lactation soup, spinach and kale salad and some braised dim sum chicken feet. If he weren’t so hungry all the time and actually needed the food to breastfeed Ulysses, Tony would feel like such a fatass for eating so much so often.
The first press of their lips together felt like the heavens opened up above them, shrouding them in a state of euphoria and bliss. Steven’s every single enhanced senses were permeated with the scent, feel, and sound of Anthony. He returned the kiss, wanting the prince to know his feelings were reciprocated and that Steven shared and revelled in his affections. He slid one of his hands lower on Anthony’s waist, and used his other hand to cup the back of Anthony;s head, pulling the prince closer to his body. Anthony let out a breathy moan as he deepened the kiss, sparking Steven’s eagerness and elation. His first kiss, and shared with the only person he would ever love in this world and the next.
A lot had happened in the interim. Barnes, slowly but surely, integrated into their family unit. After he and Tony talked under the guise of fitting Barnes with a new prosthetic, now he was one of Ulysses’ uncles and designated babysitter, if he wasn’t out for a mission. Just like with Rhodey, he and Steve asked him if he would be willing to be Ulysses’ godfather. He looked so shocked when they asked him, and roughly muttered out an assent. He immediately left the room after they asked him, but Steve assured him it was because he was happy and overwhelmed and needed time to process it.
“Yes, yes. So ready for you, champ.” Tony urged, his hands moved to cradle Steve’s head towards him and gently kissing him.
Steve reached their bedroom, bypassing the mattress and going straight to their ensuite bathroom so they could start cleaning up. Steve turned on the faucets on their ridiculously large bathtub, filling it with warm water for Tony to soak in.
“What?” Tony smiled mischievously at him, moving from behind the desk to sit down on Steve’s lap. Tony placed his head on Steve’s shoulder nosing at his neck, “You know that glass of scotch we share every night?”
Steve smiled in response and pressed their foreheads close and tangling their fingers together. Their mating ring clinked softly together, a reminder of their vows to each other, “We stay happy, Tony. We stay together and be happy.”
“How the fuck did this happen?!” Tony demanded for the thousandth time as they waited in the medical bay of the Avengers facility for Natasha, Clint and Steve to finally arrive. No one would tell him the extent of Steve’s injuries only that he was in need of emergency medical assistance, which was few and far in between for Steve. His accelerated healing meant that he rarely needed medical assistance, much less an emergency one. And Steve would always want to avoid a visit to Medical, preferring to let his body heal itself as opposed to letting people poke and prod him.
Clint and Quill managed to get some tourist into the booth with them. Tony thought the guy was good looking enough. He had that nice smile that he must have spent a good amount of money on, and blond hair that Tony couldn’t help compare to Steve’s. He started to remember that sometimes Steve’s hair would turn a darker shade, almost brown, if his hair was wet. Like it did when it was soaked with rain that night when they broke up three months ago.
Suddenly the space between them seemed to vast for Steve. He needed to hold Tony in his arms, assured him of his love. “Tony, can I-- can I hold you?”
Ulysses giggled and clapped happily at a job well done, causing his little brother, Joe, to clap along with him from his spot in the play pen. The little boy looked amused by what his big brother and Babbo was doing.
“Just the one.” Steve punctuated his words with a wink that earned him a fetching blush from Tony. But before he could compliment his mate, their waiter arrived with a tray filled with all the food that Tony had ordered. There were two plates of meatballs smothered in marinara sauce, a bowl of caesar salad and two large pies, one the tomato pie and the other the clam pie. They thanked the waiter after he placed all of their orders on the table and set about to load their own plates up with the food.
Steve, reacting to his presence, turned around from where he was facing the canvas to face Tony, “Tony,” he put down the brush he was holding. Tony’s face must have shown how panicked he was that Steve immediately put down his brush and walked towards him, “what is it, sweetheart? Are you okay?”
“Are you serious? That thing was damn expensive.” Steve complained cheekily. Tony gave him a look indicating his disapproval at Steve’s priority, “They figured you slammed Rumlow’s head against the wall then I shot him using the coat as a silencer.” Tony took out a new set of dress shirt and slacks from the walk-in closet to change.
The old adage was that “parents are always right”, but Peter wasn’t gonna give Babbo the satisfaction of saying “I told you so!”. It was enough that by being a genius, Babbo was right about things 90% of the time (Peter and Joe did the math on one boring afternoon. Papa was right about 92% of the time), if Peter told him he was right about the Oscorp field trip, he would be insufferable, saying things like “this is why you should always listen to your Babbo”, or “Babbo knows best”, nevermind the fact that he and Papa actively encouraged them to always think critically. Peter surmised that nobody was immune from paradoxes for a reason.
“What? Clint, stop eating too many of those brownies. You’re still on the clock,” Tony grabbed the container of brownies out of Clint’s hands. “But man, you should have seen him Clint. It’s like someone made him special just for me.”
Steve was silent for a moment, then his blue eyes widened as he caught on to what Natasha was saying, “Nat, you are a goddess among men.” he finally conceded.
“Wha-- It’s not raunchy. Bucky!” he laughed at Steve’s indignation, it was still easy to rile him up, “it’s a complex book, okay. Way ahead of its time. It wasn’t my fault that nobody else back then understood what it was about.”
“Tony, settle down. They’re fine.” Steve followed sedately behind, unloading their bags from the van that picked them up from the airport. “They’re not gonna burn just because they forgot to put sunscreen.”
“Oh come on, Brucie. Anything but that. I guarantee you this movie night will end in disaster.” Tony told him.
Standing next to him, Steve was starting to pull himself together. He looked so shocked and affected by what was happening, Tony felt for him. Joe and Peter were his two Omega boys, and as their Alpha sire, Steve’s overprotective tendencies tended to go haywire when it came to them. Tony gently squeezed his shoulder, offering comfort with his touch. Steve acknowledged it with a slight nod of his head and a solemn look in his eyes, looking to Tony for some reassurance. Tony laid his head on Steve’s shoulder and gently pressed a kiss to his shoulder. They’d deal with this together, like always.
“Ulysses James Stark Rogers.” Steve corrected, softly kissing Tony’s forehead. Tony lifted his head up, a mischievous smile on his lips. “We’ll go your way this time, Rogers. But I reserve the right to name the next kid
completely transported him to Dublin, he could picture the places and the characters that Joyce described, he could feel what Bloom felt, and he could understand Molly Bloom’s perspective in the last chapter. It was an enjoyable and intense
Steve felt a smile gracing his face. Then an arm rubbed up and down his biceps in a comforting manner. Thinking he was still dreaming, he decided to open his eyes so as not to fall back asleep.
Before JARVIS could answer, however, Papa walked into his room, a bright smile on his face when he saw his youngest boy up and moving.
“Steve, oh my God! Are you okay?” Tony started fussing over him, touching him to make sure he was okay.
Tony walked further, needing the mindless motion of moving his feet to balance the gears of his mind trying to work through his dilemmas. He walked down the National Mall, and kept walking farther away until he arrived at the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting pool, passing it by in favor of the actual Memorial. This far away from the metro area and at this late at night, the Memorial was blessedly empty of tourists and people around. As he walked up the steps of the Memorial, only one National Parks Services personnel was around surveying the place. He left soon after, leaving Tony alone in the hallowed grounds of the Lincoln Memorial.
Tony scoffed and smirked, “I was busy being pounded to the mattress by my mate, at around 5 this morning. What about you?”
To further bolster its status as a tourist attraction, Tony provided free high speed internet for anyone who visited. And lately there was another reason why Avengers Tower’s popularity as a tourist attraction increased.
“Thank you, Peter.” Steve smiled softly at his youngest. The rest of his family nodded in agreement with Peter. Thor clapped him on his back and grinned, “Sorry for ruining your proposals, Steve. We’ll make it up to you.”
But just as Steve turned seventeen, it was now Sarah who was sick. A routine medical check up found a dangerously low red blood cell count and highly elevated white blood cell count. They knew what it meant, and what to prepare for. Once Sarah was diagnosed with leukemia, Joe requested leave to be with his wife and son. He was devastated, Sarah was supposed to grow old with him. They were supposed to be there for Steve’s high school graduation, college graduation, when he got married, when have kids. But, all of that wasn’t meant to be.
That night, Tony came to Steve’s house armed with an SI laptop that has the most advanced dictation software in the market. If he has to read Steve’s break up journal and erase whatever parts that have him in it, he wasn’t going to debase himself by preserving other parts that didn’t have him in it. They settled in Steve’s room, on the study desk. Steve read out loud the parts that he wanted to record and rip out part of the journal that had Tony or mentioned Tony.
He arrived home just as Steve was getting ready for the night. Tony’s mate was walking out of their walk-in closet in a white shirt sans pants and in the process of buttoning up his shirt. Well, what a sight to come home to, Tony thought.
Bruce was surreptitiously trying to video Tony with his phone, biting his bottom lip to hold back laughter while Thor continued to watch the TV,
“I checked to make sure Tony has locked up the safe, and I wonder, did somebody taped the door after I checked it? Cause this guy got in somehow.” Thor threw his cigarette away.
“Then you’ve never seen Papa and Babbo look at each other. Where have you been, Peebee?” Peter snickered at his brother, “You should change outta that outfit soon. Papa and Babbo are home early and they wanted to go out for dinner.”
The sound of his workshop door opening drew his attention away from Ulysses. He turned to see Natasha walking in to the workshop, carrying a bowl of pasta from last night’s dinner. She walked in and placed the bowl on the empty spaces in between the draft papers and other gadgets strewn about his work desk, and with her eyes told Tony that that he was going to eat that bowl of pasta until there’s not a speck of sauce left. What’s with people trying to feed him these days? He needed to lose the baby weight.
Dad talked a lot about how good and brave Cap was, but he never talked about Steve. What Steve would do if he were presented with a moral dilemma. What Steve would think about the Gulf War. What Steve would think about Stark Industries, getting bigger and bigger on selling weapons, benefiting on the fact that there would always be war. Would Steve approved of the way Howard, and later Tony, conduct business? What would Steve think about the military industrial complex? Would he think it’s a good idea to put everything into weapons development, like Dad and Obie did? Or would he side with Tony and push them to diversify their portfolio to include medical devices, intelli-crops and renewable energy?
“Not best,” Maria interjected, “tallest. I’m the creator and originator of the “Tower of Wings”. I shall have that written on my tombstone one day.” her eyes started to take on a wistful look, as if imagining her tombstone was the best thing she could be doing today. As she took a peek at the picture in front of her, she said “Never seen him in my life.” and threw the photos back on the desk.
“That’s good, Tony. You’re getting back to the world, back to what you’re doing best. By the way, I got a little something for you,” Joe handed him a wrapped package. It looks like a CD from the shape of it, “from one mechanic to another.” he said.
Tony chuckled self-deprecatingly, he knew what Obie was trying to do. Placating and appeasing him, throwing him a bone while at the same time shutting down the discussion on everything else he wanted. “Yeah, yeah that sounds good. Been wanting to work on it for awhile.”
“He remembers me?” Tony paused, “Holy shit, he remembers me!” Tony ran to the cockpit and demanded the pilot turn the jet around back to Honolulu.
Thank you for everyone who has been commenting on this story in my absence. I admit I was a bit reluctant and hesitant to continue this series because I didn't see too many comments or kudos compared to my other stories. But you've persuaded me otherwise.
“Well, they changed for the better, in my opinion. Though there were still some things that need to be addressed.”
“Of course, sweetheart.” Tony placate him, “no going to SeaWorld or any other aquariums with captive killer whales.”
Tony hummed in understanding, “Nick said if they can’t trace the gun to Bucky, they can’t find my coat, he’s going to walk. We can’t sell the bar. Your brother might need a job.” Steve smiled at that, relieved Bucky wasn’t going to rot in prison. “Plus, I have another confession.”
Tony and Clint were at one of the bars that were already opened at the gate because it was 5 PM somewhere. Tony needed a drink after the debacle that was the Avengers trying to get through airport security. He was pretty sure there were phone cameras recording what happened and any moment now the Avengers would be trending on social media and Pepper would send him strongly worded messages about what happened. Awesome…
Tony smiled sadly at Dr. Erskine, willing the older man to not see the heartbreak that he’s sure his eyes was projecting for all the world to see. “Okay. I got to go to work. Bye, guys. Will you tell Steve I’ll come by later in the afternoon for him? See you guys.” then Tony stood up, put the coffee mug he’d been drinking from on the coffee table and left the Rogers’ family home.
“I’m Blossom. Duh! I’m the commander and the leader.” Ulysses stood up on his chair, planting his hands on his hips.
“That’s a grand idea, Clint!” Thor exclaimed, “An Asgardian funeral to escort my dearly departed niece or nephew to the halls of Valhalla!”
Joe hoped against all hopes that his pale Irish skin, courtesy of Papa, wasn’t betraying how much Jamie was affecting him.
“That’s putting it lightly.” Steve crossed his arms in front of his chest, a stern expression on his face.
When they finally got their turn to take pictures, they stood there and took pictures from different angles to make sure that they captured the statue in all its glory, also not forgetting to take pictures of the towering origami paper cranes flying above the statue, a memorial to those who lost their lives during the Invasion. After taking a couple of selfies, they moved away from the statue, looking around the lobby.
When Tony woke up again, he was laying down on a hospital bed. The sound of machines beeping, keeping track of his pulse was the only sound in the room. Tony allowed a few moments to collect himself, trying to remember the chain of events that led him to this hospital bed.
“Okay.” then Natasha proceeded to empty everything in her pockets, which included knives, guns, brass knuckles and lighters and bullet magazines. The TSA agent looked shocked. To be fair, Natasha was wearing a sundress with no pockets in sight.
“I suppose,” Steve nodded. Then he thrust out his hand to shake Tony’s hand, “I’m Steve. Steve Rogers. Nice to meet you.”
“Thor, God of Domesticity.” Tony chuckled. He couldn’t deny that it looked cute to see big and brawny Thor so gentle and careful with his kid. Steve finally finished with his cooking duty and sat down next to him with a plateful of pancakes and scrambled eggs. He placed the plate in the middle, to share with Tony, and they enjoyed their breakfast together.
“JARVIS would tell us if they’re approaching. And we can do the fast version.” Steve told Tony, rolling over to position Tony beneath him.
Tony set off to drive to Prospect Park in Brooklyn, where he and Steve usually took the boys to. It was located in a quiet neighborhood, not too far from the hustle and bustle of Manhattan but so far no paparazzi has managed to get a photo of him and Steve bringing the boys there. The boys also loved it there because there was a Captain America monument erected to commemorate the 100th year anniversary of Steve’s final mission, the one that caused him to remain in suspended animation for 70 years, much to Steve’s embarrassment. The team liked to go to the statue (incognito) and take silly pictures with it. They had a running competition on who could take the silliest, most outrageous picture with the statue. So far it’s a tie between Bucky and Clint.
But before he could give his acquiescence, Sue approached their table telling them she was closing to set up for lunch. After apologizing to Sue for holding up her restaurant, they left the cafe and walked together to the parking lot.
“Ugh, put it through, J. Just get this over with.” Tony rolled over to his back, showing his adorable face scrunched up in annoyance to Steve, which he was powerless to resist bestowing a light smooch on his lips. “Mmm, morning handsome,” Tony hummed.
“Get revenge. Ain’t we supposed to be the Avengers?” Steve grinned roguishly at him, and Tony was helpless not to do the same. Natasha looked at them with bewilderment. They were just fighting and sniping at each other just a few hours ago and now they were acting like the best of friends. Tony cleared his throat when he noticed that he and Steve had been staring at each other for longer than was necessary.
“And this is what happens, every single day.” Tony concluded. He was sitting in his lanai, on of the poolside chairs with Clint and his gardener/poolboy (man) Peter Quill. After leaving the diner, he was feeling pretty melancholic about today’s events. He went home and proceeded to take out his moping clothes which consisted of a bathrobe, old band shirt and sweatpants, wore them and made himself comfortable in the lanai with a glass of green smoothie. Clint came by earlier with the kids like he always did, and Peter came later in the evening just before dinner time. He doesn’t work in the evenings, but Tony thought he probably had another fight with his wife Gamora and got kicked out of the house for the night.
“Happy birthday, dear Dad! Happy birthday to you!” Steve, Bucky and Joe were all gathered in the small dining table at the kitchen wearing party hats that looked comical on three grown men. A pineapple upside down cake that was made and decorated with candles by Steve was on the table in front of Joe. As the song came to an end, Joe took it as his cue to blow out the candles. Steve clapped as he successfully blow out all the candles in one breath and hugged him.
“Bye, baby girl,” Tony said in farewell, a silent tear rolled down his cheek. He felt Steve’s arm wrapped around his shoulder and he placed his head down on Steve’s shoulder. Peter hugged him tightly, burying his face in Tony’s chest as he felt Joe joined in on the hug from behind. Ulysses stood on Steve’s other side, his Papa’s other hand wrapped around his shoulder. Ulysses’ face was solemn but his glassy eyes betrayed his austere expression as he kept his eyes trained on the flying boat carrying his sister away.
“We’re supposed to go out for dinner tonight. I’ve made reservations and everything, but just the thought of spending another two or more hours with her fill me with dread.” Thor said again, his voice deep and gravelly with exhaustion. Then he looked at Steve and his blue eyes lit up. Steve felt his hackles rose because the last time Thor looked like that he managed to successfully convinced Tony to let Thor electrocute him to “test” the arc reactor’s capabilities of incorporating Thor’s thunder as an energy source. Tony chose that moment to walk into the living room with Ulysses in his arms.
One of the good things about Tony being pregnant was that their already amorous relationship became even more so. They couldn’t keep their hands off each other before, but now it became a no holds barred type of thing. Steve suspected it was because he saw the proof of his virility in Tony’s pregnancy, the proof of this beautiful, alluring omega belonging to him, carrying his child, that he was so ready to make love to Tony almost all the time. Today was no exception.
A faint, sobbing sound started to filter in through the room. It started to get louder as the Oxiclean commercial kept playing in the background. Then Steve realized the sobbing was coming from Tony, sitting next to him with tears running down his eyes. Steve and Natasha looked at the omega sitting between them in alarm. They exchanged panicked looks, alarmed what was going on. The sound of Tony’s cries drew stares from Thor, Bruce and Sam. Clint was flat out snoring on the floor, dead to the world.
“That would be a good idea. You can’t have a relationship without communication. Or maybe you can, if you’re one of those couples who thrive on dysfunction, or if you’re both mute. Nothing wrong with that, to each their own, you know?”
“Well, uh,” Steve, God bless him, tried to come up with something to say, eyes flickering back and forth from Thor’s pleading face and Tony’s incredulous one, “have you considered that maybe the distance is what’s making you and Jane have problems?”
” Peter whispered to him as they waited for first period to start in front of Joe’s locker. Joe didn’t have to look up to know who Peter was talking about. The thundering beats of his own heart that Peter undoubtedly would be able to hear because of his newly enhanced senses betrayed the impassive countenance on Joe’s face and broadcasted just how Peter’s words affected him.
So they created a new type of explosive, able to incinerate and turn solid objects in their blast radius into dust. As destructive as a nuclear weapon but with none of the toxic side effects of radiation. The weapons research and development phase had been going pretty well. At least until Captain America, Black Widow and Hawkeye burst into their facility to shut down their research and stop them from developing enough bombs to be deployed.
“Well, I wish I could be there,” Ulysses said from the video call, he looked wistfully at them, wishing that he was home so he was close to his family.
Ulysses finally let go of Tony after a couple of minutes, his eyes started to get the hooded look that signified he was sleepy. Tony smiled down at his son, he looked so cute. So far, Ulysses seemed to be taking after Steve more than him, with the blue eyes, his high brow and the sharp nose. Tony’s main contribution at this point seemed to be his dark, fluffy hair, a contrast to Steve’s blonde hair. “Looks like he’s getting sleepy.” Tony held him up for Steve to pat his back. He readily positioned Ulysses over the towel and gently patted his back until they heard a gentle burping sound.
Sue seemed to take this in stride, as if it’s not the first time she heard Steve complimented her on her haircut, but made an effort to return the compliment, “Mahalo, Steve.”
Tony smiled. JARVIS always knew what to say to make him feel better. Glancing at the holographic globe again, he saw an archipelago in the middle of the Pacific ocean.
“I need-- I gotta change my pants. They’re all bloody…I’m such a mess...” Tony muttered weakly from his seat on the toilet. His brown eyes looked vacant, and it pained Steve even more to see.
“Steven, it wouldn’t be a hard life if you’re there with me. Living like a commoner would be of no concern to me, since money and the trapping of wealth are just that: traps and cages. I would be free to be who I am, free to do what my heart desires and free to be with the man I love. It would be the best life I could ever live.” Anthony fervently said. His earnestness embolden Steven’s fervor, and he swooped down to capture Anthony’s soft, red lips in a passionate kiss, catching the prince off-guard before he responded to Steven’s kisses with equal passion, and they lost themselves in the atmosphere.
“It’s irrational, I know, I know. My brain with all of its intelligence and power isn’t always rational, okay?”
He came back to their suite with a baby in his arms to find the food he ordered for two already halfway to being eaten by his sons.
Natasha tried to get him outside, by which he meant she forcibly dragged him to one of his cars, threw him in the passenger seat, made him eat lunch that he ended up only picking through and made him help her pick new clothes with her at Ala Moana one day. She took advantage of Tony’s addled state of mind and picked his wallet, purchasing what amounted to be most of the available items at Prada, Louis Vuitton and La Perla. Tony silently signed the bills and allowed Natasha to drag him to the Honolulu Cookie Company stand before buying out the cart, much to the consternation of the tourists around him. Whatever, they can go to another Honolulu Cookie Company counter, okay? It’s not like there’s only one on the Island. Tony’s heartbroken, they can go to another location and leave him to eat his pineapple cookies in peace.They end the day getting some Strawberry shaved ice which made Tony feel marginally better about the whole situation.
Steve nodded in assent and said, “I understand, Tony. The defense contracting business, it’s truly a double edged sword. On one hand, someone has to provide all the armament and weapons our troops need to survive. But on the other hand, the things you provide them are used to protect them at the expense of someone else’s life. They may be the enemy, but you can’t deny their humanity.”
“Oh, wow,” it was Peter’s turn to be speechless. “I mean, Joe’s his own person, the only permission you need to ask is his. But yeah, I really think you can make him happy. Make each other happy.” Peter grinned at him.
“Yeah, I know who you are,” Steve interrupted, “You’re my brother’s partner.” Bucky was standing behind Detective Carter in his suit jacket, tie askew and collar unkempt. He looked like he hadn’t shaved in days. “She prefers the term “Boss”.” he interjected at Steve, a cheeky grin at his face. He’s probably amused by Steve’s attire this morning. At least someone’s entertained.
“If anybody other than me ever say that to you, they’re getting their ass kicked.” Steve told him and Tony laughed heartily.
It was Bruce. Of course, it was Bruce. He was the only one, other than Steve, who could handle his eccentricities and his outlandish behavior when something bad occurred.
“Hm, it’s Nick. Wonder why he’s calling?” Tony put the call through, putting it on speakerphone so Steve could follow and chime in to the conversations if he felt inclined to.
Guys, I'm so (x infinity) sorry for how late this is. RL has been such a mess. And I have to admit I kinda hit a wall when it comes to writing. But I'm back now, rejuvenated after buying the Endgame tickets, even though the whole process of buying those tix was a struggle and a half.
“Love you too,” Tony replied. He seemed more relaxed now. Steve was glad to see his previous trepidations and hesitation replaced by acceptance and happiness. “So since you’re psyched that you’re gonna be a dad again, you’re not gonna be too mad if I told you I lost a bet with Clint which makes him and Nat the baby’s godparents, will you?”
Natasha sat down in front of him, pointing at a peculiar mark on the floor plan she drew, “Note the “X” at this office. Traditionally “X” marks the spot.”
“Not in the slightest. I can’t even step foot on Olympus on account of being half-mortal. I’m content where I am. Now even more so.” Steven directed the last of his words to Anthony, squeezing him closer to his side. Anthony’s answering smile was endearing to say the least.
Tony thanking him for what happened before was the last thing he expected. Steve felt his insides twist with relief and trepidation.
A moment passed where they stay silent. Finally Tony broke the silence as he said, “Remember that gala we went to two weeks ago, where we left in the middle because I saw the guy from freshman year?”
The lobby of Avengers Tower has always been a major tourist attraction for the presence of the Avengers statue and site of the Battle of Manhattan memorial. But after September 23, it became famous for another reason: it was the place where Tony Stark gave birth to his third child, Peter Benjamin Stark Rogers.
In that moment, under the cold fluorescent light of the operating room, Steve’s whole universe was complete. The centers of his universe safe and sound in his warm embrace. Forever in his arms.
Steve kept his eyes trained on Tony’s birth canal, seeing the head of their newest son started to crown. “He’s crowning, Tony. Just a couple more push, sweetheart.”
“It’s okay. It’s all okay, Steve.” Tony said, then to Bucky he said, “Thank you. You’ve helped us. Now, please, let us help you.” Tony reached forward, holding his hand up for Bucky to give his gun to him. Bucky slowly placed his disarmed gun in Tony’s hand, which Tony gave to Sharon who had lowered her gun when a civilian walked right into her line of fire.
“Later,” Steve nipped his bottom lip, his smile was the one that promised many a pleasurable things in Tony’s future. That smile meant by the end of the night Tony’s voice would be hoarse from screaming out Steve’s name repeatedly.
Natasha opened her mouth to answer him but something stopped her. The happiness in her eyes dimmed slightly before she gave Steve a tremulous smile, “Yeah, darling. We will someday. I’ll play something slow so you won’t step on my feet.” She seemed far away, as if reassuring herself of the truthfulness of her words.
“Morning, family. Studmuffin here will be joining us for breakfast this morning.” he announced to the room. Rhodes just rolled his eyes at the nickname Stark threw at him and grabbed a plate to start piling up some pancakes and scrambled eggs in it.
“I’m not saying I would never be able to forgive him, Steve. I’m just saying not yet. Logically, I know it wasn’t him, HYDRA had him under control but it was still his hands that pulled the trigger or whatever it was that they made him do. And that’s gonna take some time. I hope you understand.”
Sam groaned as he poured himself gingerly on one of the stools, “Okay, that’s it. I’m never sparring with Natasha again. I didn’t know my body could twist and bend the way she made it do.”
Joe wasn’t book smart, not like that genius fella Howard Stark that started his company with $50 and a garage full of scraps. Joe knew he ain’t getting any fancy scholarship to Columbia or NYU anytime soon. And with no scholarship, there’s no way he’d be going to college anytime soon even if he took out loans. So his only way out was to serve. He joined the Marine Corps right out of high school. The recruiting sergeant told him if he finished up his contract, then upon honorable discharge he’d be entitled to collect his G.I Bill benefits, which includes the Corps footing the bill for any tuition at any university he chose to go to.
“That was almost convincing,” Bucky piped in. Next to him, Natasha smirked in amusement at her packmates’s antics.
Steve wouldn’t have agreed with arms proliferation. He would have backed Tony’s agenda and not pushed him aside like Obie did. A soldier he might be, but he didn’t seem to be the type of man who would go out looking for a fight.
To say that Steve was a terrible patient would be an understatement of the century. The serum gave him increased metabolism, which also meant increased energy, and being confined to a bed was not doing him any good, even though it was needed for him to heal from his injuries. Compounded to this was his long held complex of inadequacy and guilt, and you’ve got yourself one grumpy super soldier patient.
“Mm-hmm.” Tony quirked an eyebrow, accepting the sandwich either way and started to eat it. “What is it, babe? What do you want?”
Clint and Quill also did their part in coaxing Tony out of his heartbreak blues. Clint tried pimping him out to tourists again, but this time anytime Clint gave him a slip of paper with their number on it Tony gave it to U, who enthusiastically torched it (U’s having a bit of a pyromania phase right now, Tony should probably look into it). Since pimping Tony out didn’t work, they took him to a club in Waikiki and rented a private booth. They kept pointing out attractive guys and girls to him and inviting them to sit with them in the private booth.
They stood on opposite sides of the shed where they burned the journal entries. The Hawaiian weather was, for once, indicative of their state of minds as it has been raining buckets the entire afternoon. How apt, Tony thought. Nature was mourning the sad state of my life with me.
Back at the bar, Sarah’s employees were hard at work preparing for opening time. With the initial closing and now reopening of the bar, the crew was scrambling to prepare everything necessary before opening the bar, albeit belatedly, for business. The kitchen crew was busy at work with food prep, while the bartenders were busy restocking the liquor shelves with fresh bottles of hard liquors.
Steve sighed, as he ran his hands through his hair. Where was Tony? It’s getting late, and Washington DC wasn’t the safest place at night for anyone. He stood up and retrieved his jacket, unwilling to let Tony be alone for another second outside. He was going to search for him, and Tony could scream and shout and hit him in anger and Steve would take, just as long as he was safe.
It was a silly memory but one that Steve still clung to as it helped him remember that there was a purpose to everything he did. And now with him and Tony finally having a live together and on the verge of celebrating their first Christmas together, he couldn’t help but think about that day so long ago when the thought of spending the rest of his life with Tony first occurred to him.
“Oh. So, we having some doubts?” Steve asked, sounding a little hesitant and timid to Tony’s ears. And if there’s anything Tony couldn’t stand, it’s Steve doubting Tony’s love or resolve for their bond. Tony walked over to where Steve was standing and took over the task of tying his tie around his neck.
It felt like Tony just closed his eyes when he heard the insistent pounding on the door that jarred him from his sleep. He felt Steve’s broad chest below him moved as he too was woken up by the nuisance that was the door.
“And no matter what you do, you will always have your family in your corner.” Tony told him. Ulysses looked at his Babbo and smiled gratefully, “
Hell, these days he walked around the penthouse in sweatpants, loose shirt that sometimes have wet spots on the front and hair with more oil than DUM-E’s joints, because he literally had no energy left to expend for a simple shower. The point was, at the moment he wasn’t gonna be winning People’s Sexiest Omega Alive award, and the thought of potentially exposing his decimated body to the peak of physical perfection that was his mate was a bit intimidating.
The sound of the Quinjet approaching startled them all out of their reverie. Tony rushed out of the medbay to the landing pad, eager to see his mate again. He arrived at the landing pad just as the Quinjet landed and had to wait for a couple minutes before the hatch opened. Once it did, however, Tony was puzzled at the sight of a medical crew escorting a gurney, complete with an IV pole attached to it. Was that for Steve? Man, Steve must have been complaining the whole journey back about what he must felt like an unnecessary precaution to his injuries.
“I know I act all tough and apathetic to things around me, but I don’t like people thinking I’m heartless.”
“The flirting might have gone over better if you weren’t holding a four month old baby in your arms.”
They continued dictating until they reached the end of the journal. Once done, they printed the whole thing with a cover adorned with big block letters that read “READ ME”. the remains of the journal were then burned outside in a fire proof wastebasket.
“Are those tears?” he teased Natasha next. Natasha has became more like a friend than an employee in the past year they have been acquainted with each other. She still scared the crap out of Tony, but in the midst of that fear was also a profound sense of affection, like ones siblings share.
“Aw, Thor, I’m sorry to hear that, buddy.” Tony knelt down to sit next to him, “breakups are always hard, even though you knew it was inevitable.”
“If you’re not pregnant, then you win the rights to decide what we see on movie nights. I won’t even protest about watching Firefly again for the thousandth time. But if you are pregnant, I reserve the right to take pictures of you when you cry at a shamwow commercial
“Oh, yeah.” Steve winced as he recalled the tragedy that was their kids walking in on them when they were having morning sex. Ulysses, Joe and Peter had the bright idea of bringing them breakfast in bed for their anniversary, not knowing that Babbo and Papa were engaged in their own celebration in bed. Without any fanfare, the boys barged into their parents’ bedroom, only to see their parents making like the monster with two backs and promptly screamed in fear, dropping the tray full of breakfast that they cooked, Ulysses scooping up Peter in his arms and grabbing Joe’s arms as they ran away and hid for the rest of the day in their uncles Thor and Bruce’s floor. It was an awkward day for everyone involved. Steve and Tony didn’t dare to look at their sons during dinner that night.
“I’m sorry I haven’t been around much. Bucky being here...I know it’s not ideal, Tony. But I can’t turn him away when he needed help. Now that he’s better, I could help him find a place to stay somewhere near.”
“I’m not-- I’m not all those things, Peter, come on,” Jamie tried futilely to rein in the blush that was no doubt spreading across his face, though he was ridiculously pleased that Joe thought all those wonderful things about him. For Jamie, Joe was all of that and more. “I’m just glad he has more than a passing thought about me.”
“Wha-- no, Pops, don’t say that.” Peter retorted, “you and Babbo deserved to celebrate your relationship and your love. We’re sorry that it’s taken you eighteen years to do it, but we’ll make it happen! We’ll help you! Right, guys?”
He spied a package of corned beef in the fridge and decided to make some corned beef sandwich for lunch. The leftovers, he could make as a stew for dinner tonight. As Steve took out ingredients to start lunch, his enhanced hearing still picked up on the conversation from the living room, despite Steve trying hard not to eavesdrop.
Tony looked at him, brown eyes blown up by lust, “Mmm, I might just take you up on that, handsome.” They kissed softly and slowly, completely forgetting their surroundings. Tony moaned into the kiss as Steve touched his tongue on his bottom lip, asking without words to be let in which Tony gladly obliged as he opened his mouth wider, welcoming Steve’s seeking tongue into the heat of his mouth. Drinking in the sensations of Steve kissing him, reveling in the closeness and intimacy that they still shared even after all these years. Tony never wanted to stop feeling this way. He loved Steve,
“It’s not everyday one wins a bet that made them someone’s future godparents.” she said, a small smile gracing her lips, “
“You don’t have to do anything, Tony. You don’t have to do anything but be happy.” Steve pulled him closer and put their foreheads together. “Giving you happiness is my main mission in life.”
As Tony and Steve sped away from the Hukilau’s parking lot, the old man that sassed Tony on his first day at the Hukilau muttered, “Look at those two shitheads,” before walking off.
, because his parents’ death was still something that he hadn’t gotten over despite happening more than 20 years ago.
“Nothing, but wondering how the fuck did I never knew this beauty existed!” Tony exclaimed, running his hand over the chassis. The jet black paint and the chrome fittings. He could only imagine how magnificent Steve would look straddling that bike, looking like a conquering bad-ass with 750 horsepower between his legs. Tony has to shift surreptitiously to hide the hard on he knew is building up slightly inside his pants.
“This is Anthony of the House of Stark, crown prince of Aethiopia and my betrothed.” Steven proudly declared.
“Note the moodiness,” Clint stage-whispered to Bucky, “it was like this last time too. Plus irrational hatred of all things circular.”
“Oh God, I’m so sorry. I thought I cleaned it all off, I was working on one of my cars this morning. Sorry, let me go wash my hands.” Tony stood up, preparing to head to the bathroom.
But before Steve could stand up from his seat to start looking for Tony, Bruce stopped him, “Steve, Steve, could you watch over Aurora please? I think I left my wallet at security. I’m gonna go there and check.”
“If I may,” he started. Steve looked up at him with those blue orbs he had for eyes, startled at Tony’s interruption.
They reached the Tower soon enough, traffic was blessedly empty. Tony expertly unbuckled both kids and ushered Ulysses to the waiting elevator, courtesy of JARVIS.
Lincoln’s statue remained resolute in the cold silence. His austere face offering cold comfort to Tony’s troubled and chaotic mind.
Tony laughed and giggled helplessly at Steve’s words, Steve pressing kisses all over his face. They’ll be okay, Steve just needed the right words and motivation to keep him out of his self-induced funk. And Tony knew just all the right words to say. He and Steve were two sides of the same coin, after all.
Tony chuckled, “Yeah, he was real proud of them. He was quite the Captain America fan.” Steve smiled deprecatingly.
Anthony thought as he turned towards the source of the soothing voice that questioned him and was greeted with the sight of a literal demigod. Anthony was sure of it, no mere mortal would look as handsome and glorious as the one standing before him.
“Babbo, is the new baby gonna be a boy baby or a girl baby?” it was breakfast time at the Tower. Tony was making the usual blueberry waffles for Ulysses and Joe, when Ulysses asked his question. Ulysses had been ecstatic to have another sibling, telling everyone all the games that he and Joe could teach the new baby when they arrived.
“This double date is going to end in tears. And at this point it’s a toss up as to where the tears would be coming from,” Tony told him, deft hands fastening a blue tie decorated with white stars around his neck, “most likely from Thor. But it could be coming from me too. I’m still hormonal from the birth two months ago. And I’m still shedding uterine walls as we speak. Really, really unfit for polite society. I really should stay home, don’t you think so?”
Steve didn’t escape fast enough from the warehouse and so he was well within the blast radius when the bomb finally detonated. Natasha and Clint watched in horror and disbelief as the warehouse went up in flames, ashes and dust left in its wake, charred bodies littering the grounds.
“Peter, baby, why didn’t you tell us?” Babbo asked him hesitantly, “Is it because you don’t trust us? You don't feel comfortable enough to confide in us?” Twenty years in and some remnants of parenthood insecurity still seemed to plague Tony. It was his greatest fear on Earth and his life's greatest failure if his sons were to feel like they couldn't trust him or be reassured enough of his love for them.
“Hello? Dad?” he called out. “In the kitchen!” his father shouted back. Steve walked towards the kitchen and stopped short as he saw his father holding a pineapple in his hands.
Then supernova. A bright explosion that didn’t have a right to look as beautiful as it did shined from the portal. Almost immediately, all the Chitauri around them fell, like a puppet without a string, dead on their feet. Tony had succeeded, his sacrifice saved them all. Steve kept looking at the portal, wishing for something to happen, anything that would bring him Tony back, but the supernova just kept growing until nuclear blowback became a concern.
“Sure. We can go inside the lobby right? I wanna take pictures of the statue. I heard it’s pretty.” Brianna assented.
Ulysses was the perfect baby. Aside from his birth, he hardly cried and seemed to delight in being held by people. Once Tony had been transferred to the recovery room for the remainder of his stay at the hospital, the Avengers jubilantly entered the room carrying a cornucopia of gifts. Clint was carrying a pink balloon sporting an “It’s a Girl!” logo with the word Girl crossed out haphazardly with a black sharpie and “Boy” written on top of it instead. Bruce was carrying a huge white stuffed bunny in his hand, along with Natasha who was carrying a bouquet of flowers. Thor had somehow smuggled his Asgardian mead to the hospital and Sam looked worn down but excited at the same time. Tony looked at his family and thought how one year ago he would be celebrating Saint Patrick’s Day the way he usually did, by ignoring it. By this year, and many more years to come, Saint Patrick’s Day would be marked by the birth of his son and symbolizing the day his life, and his family, was finally complete. Looking over at his mate by his side with a soft smile that hasn’t left his face ever since Ulysses was born, and the ragtag bunch of misfit superheroes he called family, Tony Stark has never been happier.
“Who could say no to that?” and then they kissed, Steve and Tony pouring all the love they felt to each other, savoring in the moment until they felt several additional weights on their bodies. They broke apart only to find their sons
“Steve’s painting. Time to watch to the game,” he said motioning to the the tv and pulling up the DVR’d Giants game from last year. Joe’s resigned face said it all.
“I appreciate your interest, Oprah, but leave me alone.” he stood up and went to the dry bar to pour himself a glass of scotch.
“Maria says you probably killed Rumlow to save Tony and we should do everything we can to impede the investigation.” Clint answered, matter-of-factly, “Was that wrong? It felt right.” he shrugged.
Later, all Tony could remember was how happy he was to be here, celebrating their love with their friends and family. His sons at their side, Ulysses as Steve’s best man, Joe and Peter as Tony’s matrons of honor,  with Joe holding his bouquet behind him. He could have sworn he saw Thor shed a tear or two, Bruce leaning in closer to his mate and whispered comforting words to him. Sam and Rhodey looked on proudly and with affections in their eyes. Natasha looked proud, because she single handedly arranged the whole ceremony by herself by sheer force of competence and intelligence, and as she leaned her head on Bucky’s shoulder, she looked peaceful and happy with her mate by her side. Bucky looked like he was about to cry too, inside he was imagining that his mother, Winnie, and Steve’s mother, Sarah, would have been so proud and happy to see them all together.
They put Steve and Wilson’s brother in the same interrogation room, at a safe distance from each other, and handcuffed to the bottom of the table. Steve knew Bucky and his partner were watching from behind the two-way mirror of the interrogation room.
Okay, that might be pushing it a little. He was a somewhat sore loser, but that’s just because he very rarely lost any competition he ever entered, okay? It had more to do with not knowing how to handle losses and being raised with the mindset that he was the best there was. But he was getting better, he was getting less competitive and starting to understand that a little humility never hurt anyone.
Their relationship started slowly, but gradually. After the Battle of New York, they part in good terms. Both of them apologizing for things they said in the heat of the moment. Steve left on his Americana road trip, but returned a couple of months later for a stay at the newly christened Avengers Tower after Tony offered him a floor of his own there. Gradually, thanks to late night conversations and trips around New York City to introduce Steve to the new world, they became best friends. Tony appreciates that Steve treats him no differently than their other teammates, despite being an Omega in a midst of Alphas and Betas. When Steve informs him that he will be taking a job at Washington DC to work for SHIELD, Tony admits he was disappointed at Steve’s decision, but respects that Steve needs to find a new purpose in this new time he’s living in. They part ways once again, with Steve leaving for DC and Tony back to Malibu,  but not without maintaining a steady stream of communications through video calls and daily texts. Rhodey and Pepper said that they were as good as dating, and as much as Tony really wants that to be true he knew they’re not quite there yet.
So Joe was honorably discharged from the Marines and took a job in an auto shop catering to tourists up the road. It was easy work, it paid well and it allowed him to spend time with his son. From that day on, they became closer as father and son. Steve persuaded Joe to continue the pineapple-picking tradition he and Sarah had for his birthdays and for Thanksgiving. Joe got to see his boy graduate and get his Bachelor’s in Fine Arts and History, and moving on to pursue a Master’s so he could be a teacher. Steve then got his certifications to teach and a job at a middle school. Joe always knew that boy had more brains than brawns.
They reached their bedroom, and Steve guided Tony to sit in their bed. Steve sat next to him and kept his arms around Tony, as his husband  was still shivering.
Peter had been Spiderman for a few months now, and honestly he was amazed by how well he had been keeping this secret. He tried to steer clear of the Avengers’ way, trying not to bring too much attention to himself. Although there was a few close calls when he was helping out the Avengers aka his parents and aunts and uncles, and he almost slipped by calling Captain America Papa and almost talked in Italian with Babbo.
back on the show, and single handedly demolishing the popcorn. Clint snored louder from the floor and Tony cried harder, bemoaning the insult to Billy Mays’ legacy while Sam laughed so loud he started hiccuping. Natasha was for all intents and purposes watching the TV, but from the slight quirk of her lips Steve was pretty sure all of her focus was still on Tony’s sobbing tirade against Oxiclean.
“Sir, it is now six AM in the morning. You are currently in Malibu, California. The weather today is a balmy seventy-three degrees Fahrenheit and it is predicted to be a sunny day today.”
There was a silence across the room. Everyone looked at Steve with surprise in their eyes, wide eyed and guilty at having ruined something important for their pack leaders.
“I can’t believe you got a boyfriend over my wounded body,” Peter whined at him as they walked to their lockers.
“You can’t, Tony. They’re still operating on him, cleaning his wounds then putting on skin grafts on him.”
With the cops dragging all of their employees downtown and shutting down the bar for being a crime scene, Tony and Steve had no choice but to vacate the premises. They decided to get breakfast at the diner not too far from their apartment. All of the morning’s stresses made Tony want to stress eat, and he was ravenous for once.
Ulysses was a bit sullen at having been woken up, mumbling adorably about playing with mermaids in the mermaid lagoon. They had just watched Peter Pan the day previously and the mermaids have apparently left quite an impression on Ulysses.
“Can we get dim sum for breakfast?” Ulysses asked. He was an emotional eater, just like Steve. If he was upset or stressed, he would eat to make himself feel better. Peter was still latched on to his back as he walked to the fridge, to fetch a glass of orange juice for himself and Peter, when his little brother indicated he wanted one too.
Hill and Fury were interrogating Barnes, asking him about different intel regarding HYDRA and their involvements in different terrorist organizations around the world. Steve sat there, stone faced, impressive arms folded across his chest as he stared down Maria and Nick. Or maybe he was staring down Barnes, Tony had no clue. They’ve been there for weeks, and at this point Tony was starting to get annoyed. Steve being down there meant he wasn’t sleeping in their bed, which meant Tony didn’t have his body pillow with him, which led to bad quality sleep which led to crankiness during the day. Plus, he had to deal with Ulysses being clingy and more prone to crying than usual  because the baby seemed to sense that something was going on in his house and that his family was on edge.
“Boss.” Thor’s deep baritone broke through the silence, and they turned to find him by the door. Thor gestured his head to the side, signaling them to follow him outside.
Their moment of intimacy was interrupted by a squeal and Joe grabbing both of their cheeks and Ulysses running over to them, crashing into Steve’s legs, and demanding, “Kisses fo’ me too!”
When she saw the painting, she understood what the big deal. It was a monochrome painting of the Avengers Tower. The background was pitch black, only the shape of the Avengers Tower, rendered in perfect detail, was in white. The artist had created the painting only by using an eraser, meticulously erasing the black background of the paper to bring out the shape of Avengers Tower. It was an amazing work of art, complex yet simple at the same time. Curious, Ellie looked at the information card and was shocked to see the name of the artist.
“I’m here, baby. I got you. I’m gonna make you feel so good, Tony.” Steve answered. And he started moving. At first, he kept his thrusts slow and deep, angling his hips to make sure he kept hitting Tony’s prostate. The small gasps and hitched breathing he drew from Tony letting him know he’s pleasing his mate. They traded slow, deep kisses all the while, loath to have even an inch of their bodies not touching each other. Steve felt Tony’s legs tightening their hold around his waist. He started to pick up the pace, wanting to bring Tony some more pleasure.
“Really, Stark? You just met him today.” Natasha fixed him with a dry look as she observed the way their bodies were angled towards each other.
“He’s gone, Tony. I’m sorry.” Steve said solemnly, blue eyes gazing to his own with such tenderness that Tony thought he was still dreaming, “You did your best.”
“I was thinking of using my mother’s maiden name for his middle name: Carbonell. What do you think?”
“Hey,” Tony softly stroked his cheekbone, “don’t you be thinking that you’re being a burden on us. We’re a family, Steve, a team. And we support each other, no matter what. You won’t think I was a burden if I were the one who was hurt, would you?”
He had been away for ten days. Ten excruciating days away from Tony. He knew that back during the war they would be separated for weeks at a time during missions. Hell, their relationship started as a two-year long distance relationship. One would think they would be used to separations by now, but no, it just made them hate being separated even more.
I know the order of the scenes are a bit messed up, but I haven't seen IM3 in a while and I tried to write Chapter 1 from memory and it turned out that the events in this chapter actually happened first. Oh well, it's my fic and it's an AU, I can do what I want lol
“Okay,” Steve sighed, “where is your brother?” He hadn’t seen Ulysses since they passed through security.
“Battle royale,” Tony answered drowsily from his position in Steve’s arms, “You’ve never seen anything glorious until you’ve seen the sight of Steve and Thor duking it out with each other. If I wasn’t a happily mated omega, I’d have turn over and presented myself to the winner.”
Steve took of his sunglasses and kissed him sweetly, “How about we take a swim?” then he continued, whispering hotly in Tony’s ear, “clothing optional? Matter of fact, clothing prohibited.”
Bucky was nervously chewing on his cuticles, a nervous habit that he never really let go of from his younger years and Sam sat next to him, arms crossed and leg bouncing up and down in agitation. Only Thor seemed calm, his presence and bulk a source of comfort for the rest of them. He sat next to Bruce, and when he thought no one was looking he would place his hand on Bruce’s shoulder and gently rubbed it in an effort to calm the scientist down.
“Babbo’s at the bar with Uncle Clint.” Peter answered, pointing in the direction of the bar where he saw his father and uncle last.
“It was jammed into a case of premium gin. He brought it to me.” Bruce continued, “I found the bullet hole.”
“Obviously you weren’t where you said you were.” Sharon interrupted, “so where were you?” Steve felt his hackles raised up. Is the detective actually implying that Tony was stepping out on him? Or that Tony was the one who killed this man? His ire must have shown on his face because he felt Tony squeezed his bicep slightly in an attempt to calm him down.
“Yeah.” Steve chuckled, “I bet if he lived long enough he would be down in DC marching with Martin Luther King Jr or protesting Vietnam.”
Anthony jumped at yelped at the violent sight. Belatedly he realized his hand had flew up to his open mouth, his wide brown eyes were trained firmly on the carnage in front of him. He couldn’t believe it, this mysterious man managed to annihilate the monster that had been terrorizing the citizenry of Aethiopia in a matter of minutes. Anthony willed himself to move, he had to be down there, by the ocean next to the man that saved his life. The man that stole his heart completely with the sound of a question. Anthony ran towards the beach where Steven was still catching his breath, his arms were covered in blood and viscera. When he heard the thunderous sound of Anthony’s feet and his heaving breaths, Steven turned around to see the prince rushing towards him.
“Yeah man,” Quill added, “then when it’s time for you to move on, poof. You just leave. He’d never even know you’re gone.”
“Hey babe, how was mass? Did you pray for us all?” Tony asked him teasingly, lifting up a champagne glass filled with orange juice for him to drink.
Then they proceeded to get shitfaced in the workshop, under JARVIS’ supervision to prevent any unfortunate incidents that could occur.
“I don’t know who you are, Tony. But I dreamed about you every night. Every night when I fall asleep, I see your face. I see us doing things I don’t remember ever doing before. Why?” Steve’s soft baritone washed over him, imploring Tony to have an answer to his question.
“He’ll be back soon, sweetheart. He’ll be with us again. Soon…” Steve trailed off, eyes wandering back to the direction the EMTs took Tony to. Tony would be fine, he had to be. In the meantime, he turned his attention to comfort his son. Ulysses needed him now, and Steve wouldn’t leave him behind again.
“I know! I changed it to protect your life!” He yelled back. The jetski was almost passing the boardwalk by now, and Tony has no choice but to jump and hope against all hope that he would land on the Jet Ski.
“Okay, here we are, Captain Rogers.” the doctor declared after he finished unwrapping all of the bandages that were covering Steve’s left eye. It had been the last thing to recover and regenerate after the blast that took out most of the skin on the left side of his body. It has been two months since the accident now, and finally,
“You’ll agree to let me pay for our next date night. And you have to let me teach you hand-to-hand combat skills.”
“Hello!” Tony spoke over them, “no one’s here is pregnant until proven otherwise. No, you’re not getting a new nephew, Bucky and double no, you’re not getting a Katniss, birdbrain.”
“You know I can’t do that.” Steve said, “Father, this is Tony, my mate, and Ulysses, our son.” Steve gestured towards Tony, standing beside him carrying Ulysses who was wide awake and seemed captivated by the stained glass decorating the church’s interior.
“No, actually it was my boyfriend. He dated me was because his Dad wanted to use our relationship as blackmail material so Howard will sign a business deal with their company,”
“What do you mean ‘the mass is in English now’ ?” Bucky exclaimed as he stood straight. Natasha was helping him put on a tie. She already warned him once that if he moved, she would strangle him with the tie. And while Bucky would be more than willing to engage in breath play with the spy, he wasn’t willing to test her patience right now. “How am I supposed to know when to respond when the priest said something?”
As the meaning behind Tony’s words dawned on him, Steve felt his heart stopped in his chest. “Tony--” he choked out, “Honey, you know that’s a one way trip.” The comm line became silent as Steve’s words dawned on the rest of the Avengers.
“Corned beef hash. I made extra so you can have them for lunch later, if you want. Just need to nuke it in the microwave.” he said, motioning to the pile of beef and potato on the dining table.
“Yes, the fibers we found in the bullet track matches the fiber compositions of belgian corduroys. How’d you know that?” Bucky asked Steve as the crossed the road, walking towards the diner where they usually meet up for coffee.
“Yum. Perfect. Cuisines from the Motherland. Gotta introduce it to ‘em young, am I right?” Tony sat on the counter with Joe in his lap.
“You’re right, Anthony. Fate’s machinations knows no bounds.” Steven stated, shaking his head deprecatingly at how utterly and completely he had been played by not just Fate, but members of his own family too, “I have no evidence to corroborate it, but I believe some of my siblings are pulling the strings behind this whole operation, whose whole purpose was to bring us together.”
Steven cleared his throat before answering, “Anthony, it would be an honor and the greatest pleasure of my life to be your husband,” Anthony’s answering smile and the kiss he bestowed on Steven’s cheek indicated that Steven’s words were the right answer, “but we barely know each other. And while I find myself falling for you, don’t you think it’s for our benefit if we take the time to get to know each other?”
Steve chuckled again, “Congratulations, honey. I’m so proud of you. God, it’s not even my achievement but I’m so proud and happy for you. You’ve wanted this for so long but back then the chances of you ever winning a Prize was slim to none on account of all your work considered  ‘Classified’.”
In the struggle, one of the scientists activated one of the finished bomb prototypes causing the facility to be blown to smithereens. Clint and Natasha managed to round up most of the scientists and was out of the warehouse before the blast occurred. They only sustained minor injuries, scratches and bruises on their faces and bodies.
“Hey,” Clint and Coulson came to them at that moment, “Uh, so Clint told me something and I think you need to know.”
Now, though, everything was more streamlined. Steve was waiting with a towel draped over his shoulder, like a good Alpha should, ready to pat Ulysses’ back after he fed. Tony breastfeeding in the living room was a common occurrence that nobody took issue with. They understood that breastfeeding was a natural act, and that there was nothing wrong or weird with Tony doing it in the common room.
Steve gently caressed Tony’s cheekbones, reflecting on how far they had come from the first time they met at the Helicarrier a long time ago. How they squabbled over nothing, Steve fueled by bitterness and resentment about being thrust into a strange world, and Tony, fueled by a long time sense of inadequacy, lashed out at Steve and his presence and generally at how much Steve lived up to the hype and then some. Even after they finally reconciled and grew closer together, the revelation that the Winter Soldier was responsible for the deaths of Tony’s parents almost tore them apart. But they survived and weathered through it. The two hours Steve spent waiting for Tony to come back to their hotel suite after he revealed the truth about his parents’ death still counted as the longest and most nerve wracking two hours of his life. In those two hours, his life hung on the balance and he kicked himself in the rear repeatedly for just costing himself his own happiness but he knew it could go no other way. He wasn’t about to start a relationship based on lies. And his pain wasn’t for naught, for Tony came back. Tony came back, and the next day they were mated.
It was the same words he said to Tony the night they found they were pregnant the first time and the night Ulysses was born. “Love you, too,” Tony nuzzled his cheek, inhaling their combined scents, “can’t imagine my life without you. Better together than apart, yes?”
“Okay, hang back.” Steve instructed him. He opened the back door, and waited until Thor was looking away from the door, flicked the knob to lock from the outside then slammed the door before Thor could get outside with him.
Peter hastily stripped off his costume, shoving it into the back of his closet and donned his pajamas before slipping into bed, just in time for Babbo to open his bedroom door and peered inside.
“Oh, I eavesdropped on the cops.”  Jarvis started unscrewing the back of one of the speakers that was set up for the stage. He turned off the speaker last night because of unexpected feedback problems and now he wanted to check whether any of the wires within were loose. “Also, they’re looking for something that was used to muffle the sound of the shot.” Once the back cover was opened, Jarvis moved to prop the piece of board against the wall nearest to the stage. Unknowingly, Jarvis uncovered the murder weapon’s hiding place.
Steve sighed and started to steer them to the couch he usually occupied when sketching down here, “Sweetheart, I will always respect and fight for your right to choose. I know that nowadays abortion is conflated as a moral issue, but back when I was growing up it was more of a social issue.” he urged Tony to sit down, “The church didn’t have one opinion or another on it, and more importantly, I saw with my own eyes the consequences of criminalizing what’s essentially a medical procedure. More times than I can count.”
Steven saw the blade and balked at the idea of Anthony going up against a sea monster with what amounted to a kitchen knife, “Your Highness, I think you’ll find that you’ll be faced with immense difficulty in executing such a plan.”
It was now Tony’s turn to get flustered. He was always got so flustered whenever Steve casually mentioned how much he loves him, like he thought Steve was just humoring him and not building a life with him.
Tony smiled deprecatingly. At the reminder of Steve’s eminent departure he sobered up. Steve, Natasha, and Clint were leaving soon to hunt down some remnants of the decimated AIM organization that Tony, Rhodey and Pepper took down a long time ago. There were chatter going around about how some employees that survived took what was left behind of Maya Hansen’s Extremis formula and was now aiming to resurrect their organization from the ashes.
Twelve hours later, on March 17th at 11 PM at night, Ulysses James Stark Rogers entered the world with a loud cry and Saint Patrick’s Day celebrants out in the streets of New York City unknowingly celebrating his birth along with his parents and uncles and aunts.
“I should be the one taking care of you. Not the other way around,” Steve said sullenly, gesturing at the bump of Tony’s stomach.
“Depending on how well Tony responded to treatment, we would need to deliver the baby sooner than the forty week mark. They would be a preterm baby and it is very likely that the baby will be born at a lower weight than normal.” the doctor then continued, “from what we have seen so far, Tony’s condition seems to be a milder case of pre-eclampsia, so it would be too hasty to talk about inducing labor right now. I want you to remain on bedrest for the remainder of this pregnancy, Tony. I also want to have a routine monitoring of the fetal heart rate and you need to take the blood pressure meds for the rest of this pregnancy.”
“Um, excuse you. How do you not know how sensitive their Irish skins are to sunlight? You’re the one who gave it to them.”
Because as Tony discovered first hand, being pregnant and giving birth was nothing compared to everything that came afterwards.
“Yes, Tony, yes. Sweetheart, you won the Nobel prize!” Steve hauled him up out of bed and twirled him around on the floor much to Tony’s amusement. His laughter sounded like a bell of happiness in Steve’s ears.
“Yes, we meant for you to hear it. We’ve been suffering for your love, you owe us this.” Aaron piped back.
“Nah, I don’t think so. What do you think, Steve, honey?” Babbo smirked impishly at Papa, and Papa’s gleaming eyes as he smirked back spelled trouble for Joe.
“You knew that when you mated me.” Tony grinned cheekily. As he settled in, he took in the spread that was on the counter. It looked like Steve, Natasha and Sam went to Chinatown and got pan fried dumplings, Taiwanese beef noodle soup, the spicy cold noodle dish Tony liked and boba milk teas, because Natasha Romanov, badass spy/assassin, was obsessed with them. In fact, she was sitting across from Tony slurping away on a large cup of Boba tea. Other than the Chinese food and cups of Boba tea, the ever present fruit bowl was there, filled to the brim with apples, oranges and bananas.
Peter blushed, “Well, I don’t know. I mean, Liz is so popular, the probabilities of her not having a date already is slim to none. So you know, I should just not think about that.”
Tony grinned impishly and shot Rhodey a look that said “Told you so!” Rhodey sighed and shook his head. “You two dorks belong together.”
“Soon.” the prince whispered to him, his smile wicked and endearing at the same time. Steven shivered at the promise and the thought of having Anthony for himself for the rest of his life.
“Well, I don’t know nothing about what you just said, but it sounds complicated.” Barnes said, he was now doing mobility exercises on his artificial limb in the corner of the room. “Did you tell Steve that you might be moving to a different island yet?”
“So this guy Killian,” he asked his brother, “how bad does he want your place?” Bucky asked, handing Steve a styrofoam cup of hot coffee.
After skulking back home to lick his wounds in private, Tony took a few moments to compose himself. This morning’s setback with Steve was understandable. Of course Steve would freak out after waking up to a strange man in his bed. Even after he promised last night that he’d never forget about Tony. And that he would marry Tony. Whatever, it’s just a little setback and they’ve only wasted a day. And in hindsight, Tony would now have more time to make Steve’s engagement ring. After eating a bagel for breakfast, he went downstairs to start forging Steve’s ring. He could estimate Steve’s ring size after days spent holding hands with the man (shut up, it’s totally normal and not creepy). So he fired up the forge and using the palladium he had bought for this particular purpose, started to get to work on the most amazing engagement ring ever created. Tony knew Steve was not prone to extravagance. The man lived simply, and on the occasions where Tony tried to buy stuff for him and shower him with gifts and riches unparalleled, Steve seemed to balk at the idea of receiving them and told Tony to spend his money on someone who needed them more than Steve did. So Steve was they type that appreciate the thought behind a present rather than how big, or expensive or how pretty it was. So that’s what Tony was trying to show with this engagement ring, that he appreciate Steve and that he would go the extra mile to design and create their own rings, since he also planned on making their own wedding rings rather than buy them.
“The victim has been identified as Brock Rumlow.” the detective said, sliding the picture towards their direction. Tony accepted it, glancing at the picture then handing it to Steve for his own perusal.
“You know me too well.” Tony pouted, as if that upset him, “also, don’t think I don’t know you chose that shirt and those jeans to entice me and get back in my good graces. You’re gonna need to work harder than that, Soldier boy.”
But of course, when it came to his life after Steve nothing ever went according to plan. So there Tony was, in his workshop, trying to wrap his head around the fact that he was pregnant for the fourth time in his life and at such an old age too.
The Avengers were all gathered in a small Catholic church in Westchester County. The priest, Father Vincent, was apparently a good friend of Steve’s that he made acquaintance with during his Americana trip. They stayed in touch and when Steve contacted him about baptizing his son, the father was more than happy to accommodate.
“Ugh, I know. I thought I wanted it, but just looking at it upsets my stomach. Can we please get rid of it?”
They decided to call Maria Hill and Nick Fury from the depth from whence they came to deal with Barnes. From their initial interview, it looked like he was no longer under HYDRA’s influence and seemed to have broke through the brainwashing. They were, however, still cautious about the possibility of him being triggered and snapping back to the Winter Soldier persona.
“Steve?” Tony chuckles in elation, rushing forward to Steve’s bedside and clutching his hand. “You’re awake.”
They walked towards the far side of the open floor art studio towards a door that Steve opened to reveal a large room with ample natural light filtering through, perfect for an art studio.
“Why? Why would you do this to me? You sick bastard!” he addressed the ceiling of the jet, unknowing as to who he was addressing his grievances to. Steve's dad or the God his mother believed in. He put his hand over his face and started thinking, “Wait, is he trying to tell me something?”
Steven nodded, and with one last glance at the prince who had so completely and irrevocably stolen his heart and soul, he mounted Groot and flew down to vanquish the monster.
Sustainable and renewable energy source was what the planet needed right now. Fossil fuels and coal could only go so far, and with reserves depleted developing a new source of energy was of the utmost importance. While Tony managed to miniaturized the arc reactor and made a functional prototype that powered the Stark Tower back in New York, this current prototype was only viable for 5 years and at the moment was not cost-effective enough for the investors to go gaga over it. His new project then would also include increasing the reactor’s efficiency and hopefully drive down its costs to make it a more attractive investment and not just a cool science project, as Pepper would say.
In his heart of hearts, Tony thought that Steve would have sided with him. Cap’s lover was his Aunt Natasha, who single handedly revolutionized particle physics, and who if only the Nobel committee didn’t adhere to the stupid rule of not awarding the Nobel posthumously would be the second woman ever to win the Nobel prize in Physics after Marie Curie.
Sarah’s was the pride and joy of Brooklyn. Everyone in the borough knew that it was one of the best Irish Bars in Manhattan, on par with overpriced Irish Bars people could find in New York City. Steve and Tony took pride in their establishment, working to build it from the ground up from when it was just a little dive bar to its current status as one of Brooklyn’s beloveds. They managed to weather through the recession and came out on top with their bar voted as the best in the borough. With Tony’s political and business savvy and Steve’s charm and charisma, they managed to keep the bar packed with patrons and customers, serving delicious bar food and a wide variety of craft beer. It was important to Steve that Sarah’s become a part of the neighborhood, a fabric holding the ever expanding Brooklyn borough together. He had grown up here, and he wanted to give back to the community. So it only made sense that after he finished serving in the military, he used the backpays he was owed to purchase a dying bar that was on sale and revamp it as his own. Meeting Tony was a godsend. The beautiful Omega had come in one day to wait out a tow truck he had called and Steve saw him from the bar. He approached Tony with an excuse of serving him his drink, introduced himself to the most beautiful Omega he had ever seen, and the rest as they say was history. Now, they were proud owners of a thriving business and their relationship was stronger than ever.
“Oh yeah, because that’s reassuring. It’s either the boys babysitting Clint or Clint babysitting. Either way what could go wrong?”
Joe schooled his face to look surprised, “A present! What is this?” He ripped open the wrapping paper, knowing what was inside but still maintaining the surprised look on his face, “Oh The Sixth Sense!” he exclaimed to Bucky. Bucky pretended to look surprised and approving of Steve’s gift choice.
“Good luck, guys! We’ll come by later.” Bruce’s voice send them off as they drove away to the hospital.
Tony sighed and ran his hands through his hair roughly in desperation. He hated not knowing, and most of all he hated not knowing whether Steve was okay or not. He had put the boys down for the night, JARVIS watching over them and rushed to the med bay and for the last two hours had been waiting with Bruce, Thor, Bucky, Sam and Maria for Steve, Clint and Natasha’s arrival.
No matter what happened next, Anthony would be attaching himself to this guy like a barnacle to the side of a ship. Nobody had ever treated him as good as him.
Two hours later, they came out of watching Blackfish with a crying Asgardian and a crying spy/master assassin, two broken coffee tables courtesy of two furiously indignant super soldiers who were outraged by Tilikum’s treatment, a sleeping Russian spy who wasn’t concerned in the slightest at what she was seeing on TV because she, as a Russian knew more than anyone just how hopeless and futile life was, and Sam, who just flat out left the room in the middle of the show. Tony just counted himself lucky that nobody punched out the TV. he was getting tired of having to replace the TV every time somebody got upset or lost a game of Mario Kart.
Spotting the politician, Steve strode over to where he was sitting with a glass of scotch. “So, the police think I committed the murder.”
Steve brought his hand up to Tony’s face, caressing his cheeks and his mate’s plump bottom lips with his thumb, “Do you want me to prove it to you?” Tony chuckled softly and leaned down to kiss Steve. Their lips met slowly yet passionately, Tony tasted like everything that was good in this world. Steve slowly moved his hand from Tony’s face to cup his mate’s neck to deepen the kiss. He licked at Tony’s bottom lip and Tony pliantly opened his mouth to let Steve in, relishing control to his Alpha. As Tony lose himself in their kiss, Steve took advantage of his mate’s distraction to flip them over, Tony on the bottom laying on their bed.
All the Avengers assembled to the lobby where a panicked Bruce, looking green around the gills, and a horrified Thor who was failing miserably in calming his mate down, was pacing the lobby, babbling about how Aurora was taken from them and they had to call SHIELD and Heimdall to find her immediately.
Steve cleared his throat as to alert the boys of their presence and the boys had the decency to sheepishly grin at their parents.
“I’d be delighted to,” Thor stood up and followed the scientist to the kitchen, smiling at him the whole time. Tony and Steve watched the exchange silently from the couch, before they glanced at each other with a knowing smile. Tony settled back down in Steve’s embrace only to hear Steve said, in his terrible Bogart impression that never failed to amuse Tony, “Tony, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.”
Steve stiffened. The guy from freshman year. The guy Steve hated with the entirety of his being despite not knowing who he is or what he looked like. The guy who violated the love of Steve’s life…
Tony had just fed Ulysses from a bottle, because after eight months of breastfeeding he couldn’t take anymore yanking and pulling of his poor abused nipples even from his own son. Ulysses was in his arms, drooling away on his shoulder as he played around with the schematic of his latest project on a StarkPad for a device that would help veterans or traumatic brain injury patients recover from PTSD. He got the idea after a movie night where Thor picked a Disney movie called
“Hey, Joe,” Jamie’s voice called out to him in the tone of the classic Hendrix song, and despite his anxiety regarding Peter’s whereabouts, he felt his lips quirked up in a fond smile at the boy approaching, “where you goin’ with that phone in your hand?”
. And since human beings were high maintenance product of evolution, they needed a lot of things to keep them alive.
Steve nodded his head in affirmation, then ripped out the page Tony had been reading and threw it in the trash.
“Hey Boss, I like Spam and Reese’s. Can I have it?” Quill was still holding the box containing Spam and Reese’s.
of a novel and Steve loved it. It let him escape the horrors of war, let him imagine a peaceful life in Dublin, in the land of his ancestors, a land he never get to visit. It helped him hold on to sanity.
“I can officially say this is the first time anyone ever complimented me for getting knocked up.” Tony laughed.
“Steve, you don’t have to do this.” Dad implored him, “we’re more than capable of helping you. And none of that stuff about being a burden to me and Bucky.”
Tony grinned at the reminder of the extra two weeks they spent in Maui after the rest of the family went home. “Mmm...you should remind me more. Matter of fact, you should remind me now. I’m starting to forget.”
“I pop somebody, I don’t muffle the shot, brother. I shoot him straight on in his face. Ask anybody. Look what if I decree your place off-limits to my crew or any other crew?”
Steve’s eyes widen. He immediately walked over to his husband, taking in the broken coffee mug and Tony’s drenched pant leg. It was obvious that Tony dropped his coffee mug and made no attempt to move out of the way of scalding hot liquid as it came pouring down.
He couldn’t very well explain to his parents and his family that he has this tingling sensation in the back of his head that signaled something bad was happening. That would invite too many questions Peter had no answers to. And he thought he’d try to figure out what was it that was going on first before bringing in the big guns.
didn’t have a leg to stand on that one, so he let Tony gave that speech instead). They haven’t been able to have time together, just the two of them, and it was starting to feel like work instead of a vacation with the amount of damage control they had to be doing day and day out.
“Tony, we need to talk.” was all Steve said when he came down to the workshop with a pastrami sandwich from Katz’s deli in hand.
“Listen Tony, you take care of yourself, okay? We’ll miss you, even if James would deny it to kingdom come.” Joe shook his hand, grinning cheekily at Bucky’s direction.
“Yay!” Ulysses cheered, and moved to give a sloppy smooch on Steve’s lips, “Love you, Papa!” then ran over to where his Aunty Natasha and Uncle Clint were waiting.
Tony jumped at the unexpected intrusion by his PA, “Christ, Nat. Don’t do that. Don’t you know I have a heart condition? I have a pacemaker in me, you know. What if it fails?”
Barnes, Steve, Maria and Fury have been sequestered down in the Hulk proof cage that Tony had built in the Tower a long time ago in preparation for cohabitating with Bruce. They haven’t had a need to use it ever since they started living together due to Bruce’s excellent control of the Big Guy. Well, Tony thought ruefully as he watched the CCTV footage JARVIS pulled up for him, at least they’re getting some use for it now.
“How can anyone not know?” Sam piped in. Ulysses and Joe were on a Disney phase, which meant they have been forced to watch Disney movies, from the classics all the way to the new ones. They’ve had to watch Frozen more than most because both Uly and Joe were fascinated with the snow, much to Steve’s dismay, although Tony had successfully transitioned them to slowly letting go of Frozen and moving on to Moana. It was the better of the two movies anyway.
Steve breathed out in relief as he felt Tony’s passionate kiss against his lips. Tony was here with him. Here and never to be parted. Never again.
Tony waved him off, “It’s okay, my treat. Besides these kids look like they need a good serving of lunch from Rainbow’s. Right?” he addressed the children with a grin and a wink.
“Help! Help!” Steve shouted hysterically, rushing towards the other side of the room where he kept his art supplies.
“Why didn’t you?” he asked, wiping the brownie crumbs away from the animal. It wouldn’t do any good if the walrus somehow got baked because of his brownie.
Steve was more than happy to oblige. There were times when he would put on a show for Tony. And on those times, the suit up duration would always be exponentially longer because they would get sidetracked with making out. Most times, it was Tony helping him suiting up, handing him the body armor or one of his gloves, eyes hooded with desire the whole time. Steve would only be able to barely resist and the rest was history.
“And if you have good taste, you will book me first. And then after that, each one of my proteges. You dig?” he addressed Tony.
“Barton, get over here. I wanna get out of this monkey suit yesterday.” Bucky told him, “the sooner we finished this the better for everyone.”
“That’s the long term plan. The plan right now is to increase efficiency of the reactor from 5 year to 10 years, then it will be cost efficient. Hopefully more cost efficient for Hawaii compared to regular solar panel and fossil fuel powered energy source. The problem is with the current design the reactor core keeps melting because the neutron casing heats up after a couple years.” Tony explained, this efficiency problem he had has been the biggest stumbling block in the reactor’s application. If only Tony could solve this problem, his Bohemian Rhapsody, so to speak, would be complete. And maybe finally get that Nobel prize that he so deserved.
“Uhh, I got a couple guys coming tomorrow. They’re gonna blow out that wall to make room for the bunny.” Tony waved at the wall nearest to his mother’s grand piano.
He met Pepper when he first took over as CEO of SI at age 21, and Pepper was his executive assistant. Pepper proved that she was formidable enough to handle Tony’s shenanigans and her position as PA quickly included the title of friend. Happy came later on, after an almost kidnapping made Pepper insist on Tony having a bodyguard. Happy’s boxing career has just ended, and Tony had met him at a gym and offered him a job as a driver/bodyguard. So, Tony’s friends have been an amalgamation of people who cared for him and people who are paid to care for him.
“I really think we should do this, Obie.” Tony said after laying out his case of why Stark Industries should start branching out to other technologies, “it’s gonna help our bottom line.” he added to placate and entice Obie further.
“I’m not taking any chances, have you seen how big your feet are? One giant stomp from and I might not walk again for the rest of my life.”
Steven flushed redder at the compliment, “I assure you, Your Highness, you’re still very much alive and the sea monster that meant to eat you is still down there. Care to tell me what the story behind all of this is?”
“Joe, you’ll learn from this. What’s to say Peter won’t be doing this even without your and Ulysses’ helps? Isn’t it better this way? He’ll have more people watching his back, more people in his corner, than doing it all by his lonesome. He’s safer with you watching his back than not. And you know Peter, there’s no way he’s gonna stand idly by, letting his powers go to waste.”
“What is it?” Steve asked the two agents. He was moving away from Tony, shielding Tony from the two agents with his body. He still didn’t know whether he could trust them, being SHIELD agents, and after SHIELD’s deceptions all bets were off. As far as Steve was concerned, he and Tony were on their own in this.
“They’re my protective older brothers, of course they know. And predictably freaked the fuck out when they found out and made me promise to keep my identity a secret. Which I apparently have been shit at doing because one encounter with you and I blew my own cover.” Peter grumbled.
“I was just about to.” Steve said gently, then leaned forward to kiss Tony’s plush lips, drinking in the sweetness and the essence of Tony, committing the feel of Tony’s lips against his. And Tony responded so sweetly to him, opening his mouth to Steve’s ministrations and grabbing Steve’s arms with his gauntleted hands, pulling him closer, effectively deepening their kiss.
“Kid won the genetic lottery,” Tony said from his position in the rocking chair at the far end of the nursery, “He’s half me and half Steve. He’s always going to be pretty. Ooh, you know what. We should enter him in one of those cute baby contests. He’d clean up with all the awards, won’t you Uly?”
As far as first pregnancies went, Tony’s was pretty much par for the course. He had a mild case of morning sickness which abated once he got past the first trimester. His cravings were few and far in between and nothing too outrageous. Wendy’s Frosties and McDonald’s french fries were the bomb and as far as he was concerned they were the only basic food groups needed to sustain this pregnancy, no matter what Steve, Bruce or his obstetrician said. To appease them, Tony ate his prenatal vitamins, the chicken feet soup and the green vegetables they told him was good for the baby.
Steve walked to the elevator that was waiting to bring him down to the lobby, with one last glance at his family. They’ll be okay. No matter what, they got each other’s back.
A tense moment was shared between the three of them as Steve stared at Killian, daring him to leave the bar. In the middle of it all, Clint decided to walk up to them to seize his moment.
“What’s going on in the world now?” Tony asked, gesturing to the television as he settled in the couch.
“How bad? The kind of bad that won’t take no for an answer. Why?” Steve asked, remembering all the times the man came to their bar, talking to Tony and under the guise of discussing a deal, always tried to subtly seduce his mate.
Ulysses excitement was infectious as it prompted Joe to squeal and laugh too, banging his hand repeatedly on the counter top and spraying liquid baby biscuit everywhere.
“To be fair, a skrull wouldn’t tell us he’s a skrull.” Sam added, “but yeah, what’s up, dude? You’ve been short tempered and snappish with everyone.”
There was nobody in the world who are not aware or have a slight inkling of who Peter’s parents are: Tony Stark, owner of Stark Industries, the world’s leading pioneer in sustainable energy, cutting edge electronics and medical advancements as well as environmental protection initiatives, not to mention his alter ego as Iron Man, co-leader of the Avengers and Steve Rogers, legendary war hero, anti- war and workers’ rights activists, advocate for the downtrodden and oppressed and co-leader of the Avengers.
What’s interesting today was that their usual table had additional people, people who usually sit on the other side of the cafeteria where all the other football players and cool kids sit, not here. People like Jamie Wilson and Aaron Stevenson, who most definitely had one too many hits in the head from playing football because now they were chatting with Joe’s little brother and Ned like they’ve been besties all their lives. As Joe approached the table with trepidation, he noted that the only empty spot was the chair next to Jamie.
“Boys, be nice.” Tony cautioned, rolling his eyes at his boys’ antics. Steve chuckled at Joe and Peter trying to one up each other with their inventions.
Steve was searching for Tony. They hadn’t spend time together just the two of them in a week, what with Tony working overtime before they all left for the vacation and Steve making all the appropriate arrangements with the X-Men, Fantastic Four and Doctor Strange to leave New York and the world in their capable hands. Steve intended to make this vacation a chance to jump start their romance. He was going to spoil Tony endlessly, make him feel good and relaxed and appreciated and loved. Tony did so much for their family, it was only right for Steve to return the favor. He had made a reservation for the hotel to cater for a dinner for two on one of the nights they were staying there. He made arrangements with Bucky and Natasha to take the kids out for dinner and a show and to keep them overnight, just in case the night turn to amorous avenues and they needed the whole suite for themselves. Steve flushed at the thought of making love to Tony, even after all these years thinking of Tony’s body and how it felt against his never failed to light the flames of desire within him.
“Clint, you’ve done worse than just lying down on the flower fields and kissing,” Natasha told him, “that penis statue you insisted on putting on the flatlands was an abomination.”
“That guy did sum’n right gettin’ outta the weapons business.” Joe added, “Ain’t no glory to get by helping people kill each other better.”
Yet some people choose to fall in love. Choosing to accept that by falling in love, you’re also accepting the possibility, or worse the
It was only after he sat down in Physics next to Peter that he realized he didn’t let go of Jamie’s hand as they walked all the way from the cafeteria to Physics class. His right hand felt warm as he could still feel the phantom touches of Jamie’s hand in his. He remembered the warm look and the smile Jamie gave him before they parted and he walked away to English class.
“So both of you conspired to keep this big secret from the rest of us.” Bruce and Coulson nodded their complicity.
Alarm bells started ringing in Tony’s head. Thor not being hungry was a rarity on the scale of a Halley’s comet orbiting around the Earth.
“Uh, hello?” Ulysses said once more from the telephone, “Can we address the other elephant in the room here? You know the part about Joe having a boyfriend. Who is he and when do we get to intimidate him?” Ulysses grabbed their attention again from the video call.
“Oh,” Tony sounded disappointed at the reminder that the villain remained at large, “and then shawarma after?” he asked Steve.
Sinking into Tony and being one with him always felt amazing, like coming home. Like feeling every single piece that made up who he was come together in unison. Like feeling a piece of his soul that Tony carried temporarily becoming a part of him again for the time they were joined together. And if now they have to do it in the dark, then so be it. He would gladly suffer worse fate to be with Tony.
Steve’s heartbeat ratcheted up excitedly as he saw the Iron Man armor. He felt a smile started to form on his face as he saw Tony hurtling down towards them, “Son of a gun,” he whispered reverently. But something was wrong, Tony wasn’t slowing down. He wasn’t making any move to break his fall. If this continued, Tony would hit the ground.
“Keep talking like that and we’re not gonna make it to Stockholm on account of being indisposed with extended bedroom activities.”
There was something pressing on Steve’s chest that caused him to be pulled out of his sleep. It had a hold on him, tight around his torso and it was twitching too. Something scratchy was around his nose, prompting Steve to scrunch up his nose in an attempt to avoid it. Blearily, Steve opened his eyes intent on dislodging the thing off of him and continued back to sleep when he realized that it was Tony, with his octopus-like tendencies to cling in his sleep, was the one who was on top of him and all around him. Tony’s arms were wrapped around his waist, while his head rested heavily on Steve’s chest. His earlier instincts to shrug the weight off him changed to fondness and affection, Steve’s free arm found itself wounding around Tony’s back to touch him. Tony’s beating heart against his was comforting, solid proof that he was here with Steve, alive and well and smothering Steve to death in his sleep.
Peaceful mornings like these were what Steve lived for, what he fought for. These peaceful, serene moments with his family, just enjoying their presence and how these moments complete him. He had his mate sitting next to him, eating the food he made for them, his son was happy and would grow up feeling loved and knowing that there would always be people who protected him, had his back and supported him no matter what. Steve’s life was pretty much perfect at this point.
“Touche.” Tony answered, noting Natasha came down to the workshop with a fresh cup of coffee and set it down on his table, instead of handing it to him. “What do you want? I’m busy.”
The stress and turmoil of the day caught up with them. In the early hours of the morning, they finally went to bed. The large king-sized bed in their suite was wide and spacious, but neither of them were inclined to be separated from each other even by an inch. They lay down side by side, facing each other and keeping their eyes on the other. Steve stroke his hand down Tony’s side, ensuring himself that Tony’s here with him, he came back and they had another chance to be together and to build a life together. Tony looked pensive, eyes roaming around Steve’s face.
“Creepy guy trespassing around our bar during the night? I know what I’d do if I caught him.” Thor put his right hand on his neck and slowly ran his finger down his neck to mimic strangulation.
They ran towards ground zero, hoping for something, anything that signalled Steve’s survival. They couldn’t imagine coming back home with Steve in a body bag. That would kill their pack. That would kill Tony.
Peter was the baby of the family. A year younger than Joe, he took after Tony, from his brown hair and eyes, to his amazing ability to ramble, his exuberant nature and his love for science. He was a sweet kid, generous to a fault and smart just like his Babbo. Peter was Papa’s baby boy. As a baby, Peter wouldn’t tolerate being held by anyone other than Steve and Tony. He would cry if he was being held by anyone other than Steve or Tony and at times even seemed to prefer Steve to Tony. Tony said it was because Steve was the one who delivered Peter himself, and later saved his life by clearing out his airway by sucking up the afterbirth that was clogging his nose and throat, so Peter could take his first breath. Steve wouldn’t say that Peter was his favorite, because that wasn’t true, he loved all his sons equally, but he just had a different bond with Peter than he did with Ulysses and Joe. It might also be due to the fact that Peter was their youngest son. Peter’s godparents were Thor and Bruce. Thor adored the little boy and while Bruce had some reservations about being Peter’s godfather at the beginning, he took the boy under his wing, teaching him everything from biology to chemistry to physics. Peter, in contrast to Joe who was all about mathematics, computers and physical science or Ulysses who was more interested in history and political science, was more interested in life sciences.
“I live vicariously through you! Come on, my life sucks. This way when you have fun, I can pretend that it’s me giving it to them and I can get through one more week of working in this hell-hole. No offense, Candice.” he said, addressing the pregnant walrus waiting patiently for her ultrasound.
Brianna laughed at her, “Captain America: making impressionable Betas doubt their sexualities since 1918.”
“Because you are the type of genius moron who would go to prison for a crime he didn’t commit.” Jarvis explained, “and I am not.”
“Well, I may not be able to kick your ass, but Stevie sure can.” Bucky remarked, carrying a bag of Ziploc filled with ice cubes to the living room where Tony was lying on the couch.
“Maybe a week, buddy. I’ll try to be back sooner, though. I’d miss you too much.” Steve knelt down and stroke his fingers through Ulysses’ messy brown curls.
He passed out in his room some time around 3 AM in the morning, exhausted and delirious from the events that occurred earlier. And in his heart of heart, a little traumatized. Maybe the stress of the night was the reason why he had the dream he had next.
“That sounds good, Babbo. Looking forward to it.” Peter nestled further in bed, eyes slipping closed at the gentle ministration of his father’s hand on his hair.
Steve took in his husband’s appearance. He was pale, with bags underneath his eyes but that was most likely the result of an all nighter. Clint was right about the panic attack, Tony has started to hyperventilate, though it’s not as severe as it usually would be.
Tony satisfied his craving for curly fries and onion rings while Steve ate his usual meal for three people. They shared a cookies and cream milkshake with two straws, giggling and smiling dopily at each other the whole time.
“Hey, babe. DJ Falcon in the house.” Tony gestured at Sam Wilson who walked in the bar with his entourage, two beautiful women on each arm with four more trailing behind him. After Steve had struck a deal with his brother, allowing Sam to perform at the bar, they have managed to be civil with one another. Sam pointed two fingers at the couple, a gesture that Steve and Tony returned with a wave of their hands. From their position at the back of the bar, they were able to see Loki at his usual perch on the bar counter, looking despondent with a glass of Gin and Tonic while Maria placed her Tower in front of him. Phil and Clint were working behind the bar, occasionally bumping each other as they served their customers sharing shy glances with each other. Bruce and Natasha were conversing with each other, most likely talking about seating charts and table positionings. If Thor and Jarvis were here with them, their small, weird family would be complete.
As he faded away, in his disorientation, Tony thought wistfully that Steve would be so upset at him for getting hurt.
“Yeah, I can see that.” Peter breathed out, “but what about this?” he gestured at the ruined door by his side.
Until finally he reached the art room where Steve and his students were all gathered. And there he was, Tony thought, his Steve. Standing in the middle of the room in a blue shirt that accentuated his body perfectly. He looked confused by Tony’s appearance, his brow furrowed in that way that it always did whenever he encountered something he couldn’t figure out.
“Thanks, Thor.” Steve closed the office door and walked towards where his mate was sitting behind his desk, catching up on paperwork. “You know, I think you’re right. We should sell out.”
“Exactly. There’s no way he could have done any less. Your parents raised you better than that.” Jamie glanced around the living room, looking at the many family pictures they have in there. The Avengers looked just like any other American family. There was a huge picture above the fireplace with all of the Avengers and the kids in it, a smattering of pictures on the walls featured moments when the boys were growing up. There was a picture taken at Ulysses’ high school graduation, Steve and Tony beaming proudly with their arms around their sons. Joe and Peter grinning mischievously at the camera. There was a painting that captivated Jamie’s attention from the moment he entered the living room. It was a painting of a pregnant Tony Stark in profile. He was looking down affectionately at a little brown haired boy who had his small arms around his father’s distended stomach. The boy’s face was turned to the viewer, one of his ears were plastered to the bump on his father’s stomach, he seemed fascinated by whatever he was hearing. The little boy was obviously Ulysses, the only question was who was Tony Stark carrying: Joe or Peter?
“The ambulance is coming soon, sweetheart.” Steve said, wiping away the sweat off his mate’s forehead, “just hold on a little longer.”
There was a tense moment where Steve didn’t remained silent. When he finally opened his mouth, all he had to say was, “No.”
.” Steve said, looking down at Tony’s flat stomach but one that would soon grow and swell with their child, “a little baby boy, huh?”
.” Tony told Ulysses who was in his arms, but seemed more interested in the lollipop Dr. Rosenberg gave him earlier.
“I guess I could go for a Guinness.” he said, and followed Thor to the other side of the common room. Other than the beers, there was also a bottle of Baileys and Dubliner. “You guys are really going in hard with the Irish theme.”
Steve loved his sons to pieces. They were the lights of his life, the centers of his universe, the reason he got up in the morning. They have grown up to be fine young men in their own rights, and he and Tony couldn’t be prouder of them. Steve and Tony worked hard to impress on his boys that they weren’t above anyone else, just because they were more privileged. Being blessed with higher than average intelligence than their peers and born into wealth meant they bore more responsibility on their shoulders than the average Joe (insert childish snickers here). Steve insisted on the boys attending public school, in defiance of the norm of celebrity kids attending high priced private schools or elite college preparatory schools. Tony was behind the idea one hundred percent, unwilling to part from his children sooner than the mandatory eighteen years old timepoint. They didn’t want their children growing up out of touch from the realities of middle class living, comfortable in their upper class bubbles and becoming one of those douchebag businessman, or politicians, that only fought for the interests of their bottom line and their donors. Tony Stark and Steve Rogers’ children would be people who would dedicate their lives to make the world a better place, not to enrich themselves.
Of course the Avengers would not stand for that. Tony had wanted to go, take care of the problem himself. As the one who brought down Killian and his brigade of angry, fire breathing demented soldiers. But his current situation aka third pregnancy disqualified him from the job immediately. Steve instead said he would go, along with Natasha and Clint, to dismantle their operation.
When the door opened up to admit Sharon and Bucky in, they sat up straighter. Noticing Bucky’s humorless facade and Sharon’s no-nonsense attitude, they all buckled down for the ride. Sharon sat down across from them, holding a cream colored folder that she opened to reveal a mug shot of the murder victim.
But Tony couldn’t deny that he wanted to know more about him. He wanted to know more about this dream, something inside him was telling him that it was an important moment in his life. The moment everything changed. Which was weird, because Tony had never been to a fair like that before, and never even meet the man before.
“Tony, honey? Honey, you’re okay. You’re safe, you’re with me now. You’re in Avengers Tower with me. Clint and Sam are here too,” Steve soothed, trying what he always did whenever Tony had a panic attack. It doesn’t seem to work, however. Tony remained still, his breathing elevated.
“Chicken nuggets and fries,” Joe coughed out, his breathing was short and hitching. Steve scrambled for the chicken nugget package and saw the writing that stated that it was fried in “100% pure peanut oil”. Goddamnit, Joe was allergic to peanuts.
But all of that had to wait until much later because Joe had another problem. It was Thursday, and Peter usually went on patrol during when Joe had his band practice. It was a perfect plan  since Papa and Babbo weren’t going to question Peter staying at school later than if he was waiting to go home with Joe after he was finished with practice. The problem with that plan arise when it has been thirty minutes after the end of band practice and Peter was nowhere to be found.
They were silent for awhile, Tony eating his lunch while simultaneously directing JARVIS to work on calibrating the device that he now has a name for. Binarily Augmented Retro-framing device or B.A.R.F.  The acronym probably needed more work, but he was inspired after Ulysses threw up on him one day, so it’s staying. Natasha toppled down another tower block much to Ulysses’ amusement.
“That’s good. That’s great to hear.” Tony could feel the tell tale signs of a tear started to come from the corners of his eyes. He had to take a deep breath to will the tears not to fall. He’s not gonna cry in front of the father of the guy who dumped him.
Steve laughed with relief. He’s gonna be meeting this charmingly handsome man again tomorrow. And if Steve’s lucky maybe these breakfasts can turn into dinner dates.
