“It’s not just…we were in the middle of aftercare, and she just burst in here. I finally had the chance to take Tony through an entire scene from start to finish, without the awful come-down he had with Bruce, and then she just strolls in like she owns the damn place. Having work to focus on is helping him through the worst of the drop, but he’s still showing some minor symptoms, and I can’t, he won’t let me—I fucking
Bucky hadn’t let himself fully into Dominant headspace at any point that day, but he also hadn’t tried to force himself down to match Tony’s submission, which Steve could recognize now he’d been doing for weeks. It was almost frustratingly obvious in hindsight; Bucky had rarely been around Tony except as a fellow sub, when he’d been certain he posed no threat. If he hadn’t been able to get himself there, he’d made his excuses and left, or stayed out of direct contact with Tony as much as possible.
“Green!” Phil gasped, ever a sucker for just a glancing reminder that the man topping him was also Captain America. It was something they had to be careful with; in headspace, Phil was incredibly sensitive to anything that could be construed as critique when it came from his childhood idol, so no shades of Cap could enter their play if punishment was involved. And Steve himself honestly had little interest in bringing that part of himself into orientation-based play very often. For him, it was mostly a joy to leave Cap behind during scenes. But ‘old-fashioned’ had come to be a kink of Phil’s, a nod to everything he loved and valued about Captain America, and he also adored simple implements that would have been available to Steve in the 40s.
The first strike landed at the same time as the word ‘peace,’ a jarring juxtaposition if he’d ever heard or felt one. It was only a few strokes with the paddle before Tony understood just how easy Natasha had been going on him with the flogger the night before. He twisted in her grasp, unsure where he was trying to go, or what he’d do when he got there; Natasha planted her spare hand on his lower back and landed another swat to his right ass cheek. Thudding, the word Steve had given him to describe the type of pain produced by tools like paddles, was entirely accurate, and yet it didn’t come anywhere close to capturing the way the pain felt like it sank down from Tony’s skin and into his very bones, then reverberated back outward in a devastating echo.
Steve’s StarkPhone has every level encryption known to man. He conducts SHIELD business on that phone. He’s spoken to four sitting Presidents on that phone. Spies, assassins, operatives hidden so deep in the shadows that if it ever leaked that Steve had so much has acknowledged their existence they’d both be finished. From calls that have shaped the course of global politics to everyday conversations with his family about what kind of ice cream Clint wants and yes, Natasha, we really
“Guess I’m not in much of a position to negotiate,” Tony grumped. “Suppose and recommend away, Doc.”
Even the team, who were far more aware than most of putting too much pressure or focus on Steve and Tony’s True designations, were obviously curious the first night after the two of them had sex. Tony could feel their eyes on both of them as he and Steve tried valiantly to make it through a normal breakfast, seeking out…well, he didn’t know. Rainbows shooting out of their asses? The two of them bursting into a perfectly timed duet? Some kind of supernatural glowing?
Phil had thanked Steve and sent him on his way, aware that Tony seemed to be about the last thing Steve wanted to discuss these days. (At least he was in the Tower now. It was a step forward, however small.)
Oh gosh I'm nervous posting this one. I know so many of you have had strong hopes and feelings about how the bloodwork would go, and I hope that even if this wasn't exactly what you imagined, it still lives up.
Peter happened upon a weird kind of routine in the weeks that followed. He was allowed to patrol as Spider-Man up to three times a week as long as his grades stayed steady and he alerted either May or Tony that he was leaving and what his status was when he returned. Who he chose, particularly for the post-mission stuff, depended on what he wanted. Tony was most likely to greet him with new materials and the occasional suggestion for suit upgrades or adjustments to his fighting technique. May tended to offer hugs and some kind of food (or cash left on the table to cover delivery if she was working.) It was the most bizarre co-parenting relationship imaginable, made even weirder by May’s continued attendance at Avengers family dinners and the occasional texts Peter was positive came from Tony that made her do that snort-laughing thing. Compared to the special kind of hell it had been to try to keep the super-heroing part of his life a secret, though, it was practically an after-school special.
This all made perfect sense, and Peter hadn’t thought it was possible to feel more humiliated, but here he was. Maybe he should text Aunt May and get her to send over some of his baby pictures or something, just to really make things as dire as possible.
right now, though, and if subbing isn’t it, maybe now is the time to try.” Tony considered this, his thoughts too complex and confusing to even narrate aloud the way he normally would. Clint frowned. “If you don’t want this, ever or just right now, that’s okay. If you need something else, something not based in orientation at all, or—”
“You have to understand. Our Tony, he wasn’t just a submissive, he was…well, it’s called a True orientation. It means a sub at level 1 or a Dom at level 10. There’s a lot of…well, mythos, for lack of a better term, around Trues. It’s partly because they’re rare, but it’s also because they’re special. Their bodies and their brains
Tony and Phil worked for close to two hours, hammering out a schedule that would see Tony spending roughly twenty hours per week on SHIELD and Avengers projects, and roughly another ten overseeing training and other team-specific activities. Add to that his ongoing lessons about submission (ugh), and all of a sudden his days had a shape to them, a sense of purpose and direction. He didn’t realize until midway through the process that he didn’t feel cold any longer, or that when Coulson has slid his chair around the desk so they could stop having to rotate the holographic timetable back and forth between them they had wound up with their legs pressed against one another. But with the memory of Bruce’s horrified expression this afternoon playing on a constant loop in his head, Tony couldn’t have made himself move for anything.
“We got this,” Tony repeated, and his answering smile was something beautiful and almost shy that Steve would happily spend the rest of his life trying to provoke.
“Doms wear white,” Steve and Bucky, the only two who had grown up in a time when marriage had been particularly common, chorused.
After the other Tony had died, Steve had had vivid fantasies about exactly this scene: the chance to lay in bed and watch his lover for just a little longer, commit even more of his mannerisms and expressions to his already encyclopedic memory of all things Tony. Dr. Domen, though, had worked hard to make him see that the sharpness of his memories of Tony, their refusal to fade, was not just a product of the serum. It had been another symptom of Steve’s unconscious efforts to structure the very counters of his mind around the fantasy of being able to keep Tony alive and present.
But when he heard Tony Stark’s voice with perfect clarity over the compound’s sound system, Steve was forced to consider that perhaps something inside of him had snapped. Maybe, faced with yet another unthinkable loss, he had simply retreated somewhere else, somewhere inside himself where he finally got to not just love people, but
“In that way it is different,” Steve agreed readily. “But he also wasn’t really ours to begin with. If he decides he wants to be then that should be his choice, not just something he accepts by default. And if he doesn’t then it is way kinder to all of us to let him go. In the meantime, it’s about time we all got off our asses.”
“You’re not wrong; there should be a way for the system to account for chronic pain. Okay. What’s the baseline, then?” Tony jumped as Bruce’s hands slid confidently up his thighs, the tone of the touches somehow both intimate and clinical.
“Phil set a punishment for the whole knowingly stepping onto an unsecured surface thing. It’s not the first time he’s had to punish me for this, so it’s a particularly hard one, and I. Well. Sometimes after our Tony was gone, I would come up here to do things that were hard for me. I didn’t mean to intrude.”
In the weeks since the press conference, the team had developed somewhat of a truce with one Virginia Potts. If Tony wasn’t available, Pepper made sure to get the all-clear from at least one other member of the Avengers before showing up in the Tower; in exchange, one of them (usually Phil, but sometimes Natasha) called her once a week to keep her updated about how things were progressing with Tony. It was still a bit awkward sometimes, on both sides; Pepper still harboured some resentment about being unintentionally pushed out of the other Tony’s life, and the team still wrestled with the occasional bout of jealousy over the seemingly unconditional trust the new version of the man displayed toward her.
“50% rain, 25% cat purring and 25% grandfather clock.” This sounded like an utterly bizarre mix of noises to Peter. It was also the kind of data Ned would kill to have about Captain America. Any temptation to mock, however, was eclipsed entirely by an overwhelming feeling of shame. Here Peter had been thinking he was special, that he’d drive Steve away by reminding him of how terrible Peter’s life was. Instead Steve had responded with candour and grace, not to mention an actually useful suggestion. (God, he really had become kind of an asshole.)
She rolled her eyes, but rather ruined the effect by leaning down to drop another kiss on his cheek.
One thing I have been working on a lot during symphony has been challenging myself as a writer. Most chapters I set some kind of goal to work on in terms of technique or process. Some of the experiments have been far more successful than others,  and it’s never the aim for those moments to call attention to themselves in a way that takes away from the actual plot, but it’s been a fun way to try to ensure I don’t fall into ruts, which is a real risk when chapters and overall stories are so long.
The return of Steve’s forties drawl paired with what Tony knew to be an outright bit of fiction about how Steve had spent his day was enough to finally clue Tony in. This was a game Steve was playing, one that built directly on how hot it had made both of them the day Tony had confessed that he wanted to retire his role as Iron Man. At that point, Tony had been desperate to reassure Steve that he didn’t want to be some kind of kept man, watching everyone else go off to work while he lazed around the Tower, but now it seemed Steve wanted to role-play exactly that dynamic, casting himself as the dutiful working man, and Tony as his voluntarily unemployed, doted-on partner.
“It was very smart of James to help you learn to associate this kind of communication with pleasure. I’d hate to send mixed messages by having you do the same during what is technically part of a punishment, but perhaps if you’re very good for me over the next couple of days I might consider making later sessions more, mmm, participatory, shall we say?”
“He did. Mostly for business—the West Coast has a bit of an inferiority complex about how low their superhero population is, and they hate feeling underserved when SHIELD and the Avengers receive federal funding, so we tried to spend a few weeks a year out here. Clint also loves the beach, so anytime it was his turn to pick where we went, especially if he was recovering from injuries that would put him out of commission for a while, he always chose here. But we haven’t been since—since we lost Tony.”
And that was…rather a kind understatement. The Bucky Steve had known in the 40s had been a submission-inclined Switch who craved soft forms of Dominance. This had been perfect for Steve, whose original physiology couldn’t withstand harder forms of play even when he’d been tempted to try them. They’d spent endless nights tangled together, indulging in light bondage and gentle impacts and stuttered, blushing dirty talk.
Steve was pretty sure Coulson had JARVIS brief him while he stumbled his way to the washroom to brush his teeth, but he has always preferred to hear anything where timing isn’t absolutely of the essence directly from his teammates. He trusted the AI, but even JARVIS would (grudgingly) admit that he was not an entirely neutral source. On top of the protocols which shaped his very existence, JARVIS also had enough of a personality to have preferences and beliefs that shaped his interpretation and subsequent accounting of events. In the early days of Steve’s relationship with Tony, this had turned into a major site of dispute between the two of them, because JARVIS would often equivocate about information that he knew might make anyone upset with Tony. They’d eventually ironed that out and by the end of his life Tony had frequently complained that JARIVS had turned traitor on him, but it was too hard to predict how the AI would respond to a different version of his creator, and Steve wasn’t interested in chancing it.
This is it, folks! I decided against an epilogue for this particular story, so this will be the last chapter. (There is, however, a little 'post-credits' scene after the end, so make sure to scroll down for that.) In terms of warnings I don't think there's anything in this one. But as always, please feel free to let me know if you have questions or concerns before or after reading.
“Is he, did he end up with Hydra or something?” The idea felt ludicrous; Tony hadn’t known Sam Wilson well in his own universe, but he had seemed like a decent and honourable guy. He felt oddly relieved when Steve immediately shook his head.
While I rarely try to give Stark the benefit of the doubt, his experiences in space are so recent compared to some of the other matters he has discussed with the team that I believe he is still in the early stages of grappling with them himself.
“General?” It was hard for Steve to tell, sometimes, but he was relatively sure C’Chemi was teasing her commanding officer, because the plane was already reversing its progress to cross back over the shield. Masdee chose either to ignore it or was genuinely unaware. Certainly she wasn’t
The digital projection of Rhodey, who stood next to Thor in his dress blues, shot his hand into the air. Everyone else followed suit immediately, and Phil breathed a sigh of relief.
Tony’s ass was bright red and hot to the touch as Rhodey helped unbuckle him and move him from the bench. It wasn’t even close to the worst of the pain his counterpart had taken, but this man was not that Tony. This was new to him, and probably scary as hell, but he’d come out the other side of it, and the relief in his tears was so clear and so potent that James’ own Dominance was a humming, contended purr in the back of his mind.
He liked Steve’s apartments, Tony realized the more he looked around. It had the same general footprint as the floor he had made for his own Steve, but the evidence that Steve actually lived here and thought of it as a home was everywhere. There was an eclectic mix of art on the walls, and surprisingly dainty flatware in the kitchen. A huge easel sat in front of the living room windows next to a set of storage bins that was spilling over with various art supplies. There was also a Nintendo Switch out there, which Tony definitely had questions about. He walked around and snooped, sipping as at his tea as slowly as he could manage until Steve’s replies grew shorter, his voice sounding increasingly clipped. Finally, just as Tony was about to offer to make himself scarce, Steve got to his feet. He started to pace the room, rubbing the back of his neck the way Tony had only seen him do when he was really agitated.
“Oh not at all, not at all! Have a seat, I’ll go grab another round; I certainly need the jolt today!”
Content Notes: Clint is still struggling with jealousy here (see note on previous chapter for more detail.) Pepper's account of her life at SI post-Tony also reveals some disturbing behaviours from the Board (including threats and attempts at intimidation.) The descriptions aren't graphic or lengthy, but if you want to avoid this section, skip the paragraph that begins "It wasn't a big deal!"
If any of these are triggers or concerns for you, please let me know and I can get you a redacted chapter or answer any questions you have.
“We should have them work in pairs like that more often,” Tony had suggested that morning. “Thor is impatient. Working with guys like Bucky forces him to either slow down and think it through or just keep losing. Whereas Thor’s strength forces Barnes to think like an underdog, which doesn’t strike me as necessarily his strong suit.”
First, apologies that this is getting posted a bit late. My partner and I are house-hunting, and the stress of that combined with some heightened general posting anxiety and the fact that some of the themes in this chapter hit very close to the bone for me personally made it challenging for me to actually hit publish. Thank you for your patience.
“No abrasions or swelling. Nothing beyond a bit of expected tenderness,” he reported. “I’m going to insert a finger now. Tony, you’ll tell me immediately if anything hurts.” Bruce was efficient but thorough, planting one hand on Tony’s hip to help him keep still while the other worked inside him to assess for injuries. “No evidence of any internal damage whatsoever—no blood, no undue sensitivity, and no pain reported by the submissive. Tony is there anything else you want to tell me this morning?”
Still, it had now been weeks since he’d spent time with the team as a whole. He missed them. Sure he loved spending one-on-one time with them, and he appreciated the way they’d made sure that Steve wasn’t left on his own during the evenings that he couldn’t face spending with the new Tony, but it wasn’t the same as the riotous, chaotic experience of being with them as a whole. And movie nights were a special time, filled with chatter and obscene amounts of food and shared blankets and free touches. Steve found himself unwilling to give that up to the new Tony to have all to himself.
“Shh, you’re okay. You’re okay. You were so good for me Tony, God. I had plans to make that last way longer, you know, but you were just so damn gorgeous and responsive. Bruce said you were, he told all of us, but that’s different from actually seeing it, ’s like the difference between seeing a fucking masterpiece and seeing it in the background of someone’s shitty selfie.” Tony’s gut surged with heat and humiliation at the thought of the rest of the team sitting around gossiping about him, passing notes and sharing strategies about how to wring Tony’s submission from him. He started to tremble, and Clint wrapped his leg around Tony’s so he was pressed into the bed by the thick weight of Clint’s muscled thigh. “Like that, huh sugar cookie? My little diva, want nothing more than to have all the Dominants in the Tower panting after you. You have it, I promise you that. We’re so wrapped around your damn finger it’s embarrassing.”
“Steve, you need to see him.” Steve didn’t bother responding at all to that heart-stoppingly cruel demand, but this didn’t stop Bucky from reaching down and pulling Steve to his feet. As soon as he was level Steve took a swing at the other man, and not the careful, restrained blows he hit the team with during training. He put nearly all of his strength behind it—but he hadn’t counted on the impact of this much pain combined with its physical symptoms (especially dehydration.) He swung wide, overbalancing to try to keep himself steady, and Bucky made easy work of catching Steve’s arm, pressing it against his back and shoving him against a wall. “We done with this now or you wanna go another coupla rounds, Stevie?”
“Oh sweetheart. Oh Tony, I’m sorry. I wouldn’t have left if—nevermind. I’m just sorry, and I won’t leave you again, I promise, okay? Bruce is going to have some food sent up and Dummy can bring it in here and leave it on the bed. Come on, let’s get you in the bath, alright?” He carried Tony to the bathroom, still wrapped in all the bedsheets, as Tony tried to formulate a proper apology for this latest absurdity. (Why couldn’t his version of subspace involve having just a little bit of chill?)
So, I created a major outline of the story as a whole before writing. It’s broken down into Big Beats (things that absolutely have to happen and won’t be changed); these have included things like D/s Tony’s death and its cause, the results of MCU Tony’s bloodwork and his decision to stay in the D/s universe, and, as you recently saw, the contact with Peter. The outline also contains certain scenes that, while I knew I absolutely wanted them to happen at some point, I didn’t yet know where they would fit best. The Clayton Park scene is a great example of that. I had the idea for Clayton Park almost right from the beginning and I
Next to Steve, Clint choked on his coffee. As Steve thumped him on the back, he peered around the room to confirm what he already knew: Tony hadn’t told any of them this was coming. He wanted to be frustrated about the withholding, and at some point they really would need to get it through Tony’s head that they would (of course they would) support his choices when it came to Peter. But as Tony carefully laid out the basics of his presence here—that he’d come from another universe, that he’d known both Peter and May in that universe and had wanted to reach out pretty much as soon as he’d arrived but had needed time to adjust and try to determine whether or not his presence would be needed to welcome—all Steve felt was a profound respect for the man they’d all come to love. It was the last thing the other Tony, who had (for extremely valid reasons) almost always chosen secrecy and self-protection, would have done, but this Tony had clearly decided to go all-in when it came to the people who mattered to him. First with Steve and the team, and now with Peter and May.
“About Taskmaster? No one really thought he was going to give up any intel of value anyway, right? It’s certainly not something you need—ah. You’re not apologizing about that.” He shook his head in agreement. “What are you sorry for, Steve?” She didn’t pose the question the way a Dominant would when they already knew the answer, when the aim was just to get a submissive to verbalize their mistakes so they could let them go. Nor did she ask like she was attempting to wound Steve by making him confess his own errors aloud. She asked with what sounded like genuine curiosity, absent of pre-judgement or expectations.
Had anyone but Steve asked, Coulson was sure the AI would have played it off, pretending (as Tony sometimes did) that he was incapable of being deeply affected by anything. After the two had finally reconciled following Tony’s death, however, JARVIS had vowed never to lie to Steve again if he could help it, and it was a promise he took extremely seriously.
“It’s been fine. Some bumps, like there always is when administration gets involved in anything, but everyone’s settling now.”
“Of course, it’s not like he’s the only one who might be worthy. That thing you did, Stark, speaking out against your Dad and giving us the information from that study he commissioned? That could change a lot of lives for the better, man.”
Of course he had. Working with Coulson had been a good distraction, it had meant Tony hadn’t verged into having time to overthink this conversation, but he’d still had downtime during which he’d obsessed about little else. The way he’d felt with Bruce…nothing Tony had tried in the kinky realm had felt remotely like that. The feeding thing should have been boring and awkward at best, deeply humiliating at worst, and instead it had been like Bruce had stripped Tony down into his barest, most essential parts. By providing for him in such a basic way, Bruce had effortlessly torn away decades worth of defenses until Tony had been nothing but just…need.
I am endlessly grateful for this question, which gave me an excuse to seek out this answer for myself. I try not to abuse my powers, but Dr. Banner does have an excellent reputation as a cook.
“Well, that suit of yours is—how do I put this delicately—it’s just a notch above a onesie. I’m assuming you might want something a little more advanced.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t, I—” How could Tony begin to apologize for mocking something that was clearly so special to Bruce and to all of them? Let alone begin making up for the fact that he will only ever be able to play at being that man for them?
“Wait, what? Are you serious? I don’t—why don’t I remember that?” Tony demanded. It was bad enough to think he had his Dominants to blame for the extreme case of blue balls he had going on. It would be way worse to find out it was entirely the fault of his own brain.
“My employer is patient,” Masters told her. “Today was more of…well, an information gathering exercise.” Leaving her one hand on her dagger, Natasha drew the other back and punched Taskmaster in the nose again. Blood showered his open mouth, covering his teeth as he coughed and howled.
“How about instead you just tell me what you’re doing here?” Steve rubbed his neck, then gestured to his shield, which sat in a shadowed patch of the hallway outside. (
“Take. That. Off.” He took two long strides toward Tony, who instantly had to remind himself to breathe. (This wasn’t Siberia. He had defenses here, defenses Steve didn’t even know about because he wasn’t this universe’s Tony.) Dummy, who had settled himself between the chair and a chaise lounge, whirred and wheeled forward, placing himself squarely in the middle between Rogers and Tony. There was movement from the others in the room too, but Tony never took his eyes off of Rogers and Barnes. The latter placed a restraining hand on Cap’s bicep, murmuring something Tony’s unenhanced ears couldn’t quite pick up. Rogers growled a reply, something that definitely included a muttered curse (what Tony wouldn’t have given to make a ‘language’ crack…) and shoved the plastic bag he’d been holding into Barnes’ hands. Then he turned around and, without a word to anyone else, marched back towards the elevator he’d just exited.
Peter spent the next several hours, in which he was playing with one of the rarest substances in the world, somehow more occupied with a gnawing sense of annoyance, which then fed into fury about said annoyance. How dare Tony Stark somehow manage to go from a hovering, frustrating, and highly confusing presence in Peter’s life to something he actually feared losing?
Tony, the team had assured him, was barely in the penthouse these days. He wasn’t working with the kind of fevered devotion that meant he neglected basic needs like food and sleep, but between his projects with Coulson and his ongoing efforts to upgrade the team’s weapons and armour, Tony definitely had a lot less time to just sit around the penthouse than he had when he’d first arrived.
“I mean, I know he was all subby and soft and squishy and stuff, but was that really it? Was that all I had to do make you guys fucking hear me? Did he really have it that goddamn easy?” The only thing that stopped Steve from echoing the other man’s destructive impulses by shattering or tossing something was the fact that this was T’Challa’s room, not his own. Masdee would murder him on principal.
It was the kind of outwardly Dominant thing most of them were still cautious to avoid saying around Tony, whose feelings about his orientation were ever so complicated and evolving. But Steve watched the way it lit Tony up from the inside out with pride at having pleased Rhodey by valuing himself and his health, and felt an answering contentment in himself rise up, so unexpected and powerful that his breath caught in his throat.
Tony’s gaze fell back on the Asgardian prince, who stood wet and laughing as the team of emergency responders applauded. The towel that someone tried to drape over him didn’t even span the entire length of his back, but he thanked the man as effusively as if he’d just rescued Thor’s first-born child from certain death.
Hearing about the twelve foot high memorial had been enough to make Tony already feel like he was watching the aftermath of his own funeral. This was a sensation only enhanced by stepping off the elevator and into the penthouse to find the Avengers huddled together in the living room. There were none of that morning’s gentle smiles or soft encouragement, not even a hint of cheer about them; even Thor looked like he belonged far more in the universe Tony had came from than their present one as he leaned against the window, staring blankly at the New York skyline.
“I do, I swear, but the timing was not any of our first choices. Circumstances took that aspect of it out of our hands.”
“Kidding!” he almost shouted, then shoved a heavy box of books at her. “Help me re-alphabetize these as we shelve? No matter what he says, Happy was not respecting my system.”
“So his sister was…magical?” For a moment, Tony looked surprised by the question. Then he took two steps forward and half collapsed into the nearest chair.
“What’s the point? You’re not going to listen to me without Jay’s confirmation anyway.” He’d expected a slap on the ass, or maybe a harsh tug at his hair, but instead Bruce’s hands had withdrawn entirely, and he’d waited with his usual unnerving calm for Tony to meet his eyes.
The fact that Steve had managed to fall asleep at all after the emotional upheaval of his conversation with Tony should have been his first clue that he was running out of time. Initially, though, Steve had been concerned with his more immediate problems, namely stopping himself from pursuing a number of equally implausible and likely disastrous responses to said phone call. These had included an immediate return to the Tower to dump all the liquor down the drains; getting the science team at SHIELD to master dimensional travel so he could kick the ass of the other version of himself; or trying to send this other version of Tony back to where he’d come from so Steve could go back to hopeless mourning instead of the bewildering combination of excitement, guilt, anger and confusion that always accompanied the mere thought of this new arrival.
“If this is a lead-in to some kind of cheesy line about not wasting it that results in group sex, I am 100 percent down,” Clint declared with a highly exaggerated lick of his lips. Tony wanted to take the out, wanted this conversation to be over while Steve’s hand was still in his and he was still smiling at Tony like he could barely believe he was real. But he’d only done half of what needed doing.
“I mean…look, when the Soldier persona came out right after you surrendered, it seemed a clear enough manifestation of trauma that you and I both talked about him as a relatively separate entity, someone who had been created against your will and who you unfortunately had to share a body with on occasion. Not quite an enemy, but definitely not someone we wanted to stick around either.”
He didn’t consciously realize he was asking to see Pepper next, but when the images shifted toward a focus on her, he definitely didn’t argue.
“Clint wants me to check in with you about something.  He, Bucky, and Natasha scened last night. Bucky and Nat are both down pretty hard, and Bucky is marked up enough that he can’t comfortably cover it with a shirt just now. They wanted to join us for lunch if we’re amenable, but not if it will make you uncomfortable.”
“You’ll tell them,” she said confidently. “You’ll tell them when you’re ready, and when it’s right. Until then I can help you carry this, just like I promised. And Tony?” He looked up at Pepper, finding her far more blurry than she’d been just a few minutes ago. (The adrenaline was finally wearing off. Shit.) “It doesn’t matter how you came to be. You’re not something someone made. You’re not his prize or his property or some living monument to his ego. You weren’t destined to save the world because of him; you chose it, because you are a kind and decent and incredibly brave man. It’s okay to rest now.”
“A bit late to be offering help now, isn’t it?” The words bit; they had jagged, sharp, cutting edges that reminded Steve so much of the other version of Tony that he rocked back onto his heels as the attempt to absorb them almost bowed him over.
“Well, Sir, as you would not permit the entrance of any of the other members of the team, I was forced to get more creative.” JARVIS didn’t sound remotely apologetic, and Steve decided to take the AI’s almost business-like tone as inspiration for how to proceed.
“I need hot dogs,” Tony announced upon entering, with all the severity of someone warning him of an imminent attack on the planet. Steve arched a brow.
This morning, though, Tony wasn’t content to watch the show from the sidelines and soak up the last of Steve’s body heat that lingered in the sheets. It had been nearly a week solid of early wake ups, owing to a combination of Avengers call-outs and Steve-instigated team training sessions. Tony had been pretty understanding about the latter at first. It was hard not to be when Steve woke next to him every night, usually multiple times a night, face coated in sweat and tears from vivid nightmares about Mark II’s death and Tony’s own potential loss. On the second such evening, Tony had begged for advice about how to help Steve, and the latter had asked in a hopeless, deadened whisper if Tony would be willing to step up his training with the team so that Steve could try to assure himself that Tony would be as safe and prepared for whatever was coming as possible.
“Tony thought he might want to play tonight,” Clint announced lazily, picking up a strip of leather from on top of the dresser and tossing it between his hands. “More specifically, Tony was wondering if Thor would have any interest in being a guinea pig for Tony to learn something about bondage from the Dominant side of things.”
Tony watched as the kid proceeded to wolf down the food, barely stopping to breathe. His worry for Peter was obvious and entirely justified as far as Steve was concerned, but the taut desperation from before was slowly fading away. By the time Peter finished eating and Tony began to speak, he sounded almost like his usual self.
“That’d be pretty impossible given how much we want you all the time, wouldn’t it? No, I mean I guess to some extent things might slow down a little if you ended up wanting that. We’ve been in crisis mode basically since you got here, first training you to pass as a sub and then using submission because it was the easiest and most familiar way for us to help you work through some pretty intense crises. What I meant was—well, cortisol produces fight-or-flight responses in the body, yeah? So you’ve been on edge for weeks, your system clinging to submission as hard as it could because it was desperate, not to mention terrified that it might not come around again. Now your body and your head are starting to trust that it’ll be there when you need it, so it should start to calm down, let the submission be less of a roller coaster and more like gently rolling waves.”
“The thing is, his cortisol is high enough that I don’t think four days with no headspace at all is a good idea.” Steve gestured to the two men next to him, already regretting what he knew he needed to say.
“But what’s the last thing you remember thinking?” The guy in the fourth row, the one who just had to push it, was exactly who Pepper had insisted, contra Phil, that it would be: Jeremy something, an intern with Forbes who hosted a truly terrible podcast about the lives of rich businessmen.
He wasn’t facing Bruce yet, so for just a couple of seconds Tony allowed himself to squeeze his eyes shut, pretending like a child that if he couldn’t see the problem, then he wouldn’t have to deal with it.
“…sure. Yeah, that’s cool,” Peter agreed. His attempt to save face by sounding indifferent to the idea was thin even to his own ears, but Tony didn’t say a word. So even if Tony grinned a little when he bent back over the workbench, Peter wasn’t going to call him on it.
you. There’s a twelve foot high memorial, they tossed around the idea of a national holiday until Rhodey reminded them that you would’ve insisted on some kind of law that everyone observing it get hammered and make insulting phone calls to their elected officials. You cannot just go strolling out the front door of Avengers Tower, not without setting off a chain reaction that could, among other things, cripple SI and ground the Avengers Initiative. Not to mention that from the sounds of it there are some major differences between your world and ours that we need to discuss how to manage.” He’s never been good at apologies, and apparently her Tony never had been either, because Pepper took his silence as precisely that. Her expression softened and she sighed that exasperated ‘Tony’s-giving-me-a-migraine’ sigh that usually ended in him sending someone out to buy her something sparkly. “Come upstairs. The others are just about losing their minds, and we need…we have to talk this out.”
No one spoke for the duration of the ride home. Well, to be more precise, no one spoke to Steve. Natasha spent most of the flight alternating between addressing Clint in that deadly whisper that was far more terrifying than most people’s yells and holding his hand while the medics used the mobile x-ray and then got to work setting his ankle.
“Agh, Natalia. We could so use you here—alright, alright, don’t hit me again you beautiful little monstress. My employer wanted the most up-to-date intel about the Avenger’s methods and styles. So that when they send us in for the real target, my troops will be prepared. How is Stark, anyway? Did he miss me?”
And hey, it wasn’t that Steve didn’t recognize the impulse. He’d been way worse off than this and for much longer after the other Tony had die. But these had been the same people who had peeled him off the floor or out of Tony’s room, reminded him that he had a life to lead, people who still loved him. It was about time, he thought, that he returned the favour.
Whatever the case, there was no way he could permit himself to get comfortable, and definitely no benefit in his getting attached. Not even to Coulson, steady and snarky and hyper-competent Coulson who might have fixed their goddamn mess if he’d lived. Nor even to JARVIS. That one would probably be the hardest; even after all the ghosts Tony had buried and re-buried lately, hearing J’s voice after so many years had been exquisitely painful.  (And damn it Tony had done all he was supposed to, hadn’t he? Was it so unforgivably awful to just reach out, just for tonight…)
That second response also contains some Endgame spoilers and some super crucial divergences from that movie, as well as a stretching of some of the rules the movie establishes surrounding how the Soul Stone works.
“The methods by which he was removed from this universe and transported to the other were powerful but somewhat imprecise. The fabric between the two universes was damaged and remains tenuous. It would place both universes at risk for there to be frequent travel between them, even by those more skilled at their efforts than the two of you would have undoubtedly been.”
“You know, I don’t think it was,” Steve opined. “I’ve let the lot of you sit like this basically non-stop since we agreed to take a break with Tony. And look, I get that it’s awful, alright? Waiting is not any of our strong suits, and waiting without having any sense at all of what’s coming is a special kind of agony. But enough is enough. Sitting here pining isn’t going to bring him back, as you all reminded me not so very long ago.”
“Just please go,” he’d grunted. The hopeless depression of Stage Three had seemed best carried out alone. MJ had not agreed.
“Clint, this is ridiculous.” One of the callouses on Clint’s absurdly clever hands scraped over him in exactly the right way and Tony’s muscles felt like they seized as one with the effort of trying not to come. “Nonononono, please, please—”
…) “I always kinda thought they’d be a team in everything, you know? They’d know exactly how to work someone over, they’d be so in synch they wouldn’t even have to talk to know what the other person was going to do next. Once I met you guys here I sort of started imagining you working together, you know, in a scene.” Tony didn’t get any more graphic than that, both because it was hard enough to share something this personal and because Rhodey was here, and he didn’t know where they stood about being present for sexual stuff.
“You’re playing high-stakes chicken with a group of dangerous, extremely motivated people who have endless resources and absolutely no sense of morality.”
At the beginning Coulson and the team’s file on Tony had been more questions and suppositions than answers. The trickle of information had been maddening, but they’d learned to manage and share it in order to best maximize the limited data they had.
“Anthony Edward Stark is alive and, as of several days ago, fully conscious.” She did, at least, pause the footage before the crowd’s reaction to that statement. Steve held his hands up in the ‘I surrender’ position.
Tony considered this as he gave another halfhearted poke at the onions. Their quiet hissing, he had been assured, was entirely normal, but it still both felt and looked like he was prodding at a basket full off snakes. (Cooking was weird and nothing like chemistry, no matter what sacrilegious claims Rhodey had tried to make.) Not that long ago, it would have bordered on humiliating to be reminded that the team felt it necessary to leave snacks out for Tony the way one would for a child. But here Rhodey was on his other side, trying to fulfill this doomed mission of teaching Tony to cook, and even if something would undoubtedly be on fire soon, that meant something, didn’t it? The team wanted Tony to have options, multiple ways of getting the things that he needed including alternatives that would make it easier for Tony to help himself.
It had been a few weeks since May had dreaded returning to her apartment. For a while there, when Peter had constantly been sneaking out, returning with unexplained injuries and a sense of bitter hopelessness, she had sometimes lingered in her car for a minute or two, willing herself to push through the pit of dread in her gut, go inside, and face whatever she was about to find. Since Tony Stark’s unexpected arrival in their lives, however, she’d somehow started to trust that while the teenager she was arriving to might not always be sunshine and roses, he would at least be reasonably whole and healthy and
“It’s just, you keep triggering the automatic doors, Ms. Potts, and Mr. Thompson has to stand up every time and he has a pretty bad hip, see, and—”
“Well that’s unfortunate, Clint. Really unfortunate. I do know something about shitty times, as the CEO of a multi-billion dollar corporation. And so does Tony, actually, so I could really use his help with this.”
“Turns out I have to go into SHIELD for a few hours. Hey, you want to come with me?” Having been expecting a gentle suggestion of rest or submission (or both), Tony was surprised enough to fully take his eyes off the documents in front of him.
Steve had thought long and hard about this. He couldn’t trust himself with words. They so often got away from him in moments like this, especially around Tony. The man could run circles around Steve several times over even in regular conversations, and when he did it intentionally during arguments and left Steve feeling stupid and insecure, he lashed out all the harder. The risk was even higher with this other version of Tony, who looked at him not with trust or fondness but with traces of fear and rage and so very much hurt…
“I mean, they were friendly, but no, it wasn’t that. Sam had lost someone too, a while back: his Dominant, Riley, was killed in action, in a mission Sam was involved in. When I lost the other Tony, I think it brought a lot of that back, triggered him in ways that made it tough for him to be around me when I was such a mess. He still tried, though, and we probably would have gotten through it, but then the press happened.” This time, Tony didn’t prompt verbally; instead, he buried his head right into the crook of Steve’s neck, a position that always made him think horribly cheesy things about how well they fit together. Eventually, Steve continued on his own . “They took some pictures of he and I.  Doing nothing at all, really; if I remember right, he was dragging me on a run and then to the farmer’s market for breakfast, just to try to get me to leave the Tower. But Sam’s a submissive, see, and the story the press decided to run with was that he was ‘moving in’ on Tony Stark’s True love only a few weeks after he’d died. We denied it from all sides, and aggressively went after everyone who said anything remotely defamatory about Sam, but I know he still suffered. It felt easier and…kinder, I guess, to let him take some space. And we still talk every few weeks, it’s just, well, not what it was.”
It was rare even now for the warm approval of his Dominants to drown out the ghost of Howard Stark in Tony’s mind. That night, though, that night it was pretty close.
“Bruce, I need you to come up here. Tony’s…we scened last night, and he woke up frantic this morning, absolutely insistent that I punish him because he needs help telling me something important, and he’s convinced that’s the only way he’ll be able to do it. I’ve never…even with our Tony, we played with pain, but when he needed actual punishment he always went to Steve, unless he was gone and then—”
On his day off from submission, Tony decides to take the fight to Fletcher. Steve struggles to accept Tony being in danger again, particularly when he has a realization about Iron Man.
“That sounds like the most sensible advice I’ve been given in a long time, Captain Birikha. Thank you.”
…she drew him out into an industrial area. Alone. The rest of us had our own fights going, and he had called Rhodes for backup but he was still twenty minutes out. She had hacked the comms so we could hear the child screaming, crying, begging for help. Tony went in, he had eyes on the kid on the ground floor of this abandoned warehouse. He flew in, tried to pick her up. She faded to nothing in his hands.”
Clint drew away, finally, though he took his damn time about it. The fraying threads of Tony’s remaining self-regulation were barely in tact as he warily watched the other man press kisses to the over-sensitized skin of his thighs.
they were just records of others’ experiments. Howard had been good at many things, but to the best of Tony’s knowledge reproductive biology had not been one of them.) The fourth page was where things started to become horribly clear. It contained a list of five dates, all in the mid-late 1960s. Beside each one were more dates, this time in weeks.
“My submissive,” the other man murmured to himself, possession and wonder and everything that was beautiful about the start of a relationship folded into his tone. Steve thumped him on the back, only a little harder than was necessary.
“He always opens up the link to the Bifrost when he does this,” she whispered at one point, gesturing to a minimized window which sat at the bottom right corner of her screen. “He doesn’t really need to, he only needs an Einstein-Rosen bridge for spacetime travel, but it’s not usually safe for me to be collecting data when he actually needs it for battle, and I think he still feels angry on my behalf at SHIELD for seizing all my equipment and notes way back when. He’s a really good guy.”
Content Notes (there are a few for this chapter): Tony doesn't have as much trust in Natasha and Clint as he did in Bruce, so he goes into their meeting half expecting something pretty troubling to happen, like a practical 'demonstrations' of D/s designed to hurt/humiliate him. This obviously does not happen, but it's still an anxiety he expresses. (If you want to avoid that, skip the first two paragraphs.) There's also a brief allusion to Tony having some issues with food, which include a spoilery reference to information from the Endgame trailer. If you want to avoid that, skip the paragraph that begins "Tony didn't offer an explanation..."
“So, here’s the deal, kid. In general, good idea to avoid ever pissing off your nurses; you spend way more time with them than you do your doctors, and the nurses hold all the real power. You especially have to avoid telling them they’re wrong when they’re not; your bills are taken care of.” Peter’s nurse beat a hasty path to the door after throwing a grateful smile Tony’s way, which left the two of them alone. The kid’s eyes followed the nurse to the door, and then landed on Tony with the delayed, dazed air of someone both stunned and completely exhausted.
It would have been easy to fall into the same trap as Clint, blinded by anger and grief, and dismiss this as another self-important and largely irrelevant interjection from Tony. But if Steve had learned anything from this whole mess—Ultron, the Accords, Thanos—it was that Tony was almost always coming from someplace good, right, even when his execution ended up terribly flawed. (And those issues with execution were in no small part Steve’s fault; Steve and the rest of the team, who hadn’t ended up as much of team at all to Tony, in the end.)
“Of course,” Rhodey agreed easily. “He just needed a little bit of a head start to take this in and adjust, he never planned to keep them ignorant of the results, whatever they were.” He sounded so sure of Tony’s intentions, so certain that Tony would never conceal something so significant from his partners. Tony was glad at least one of them was sure. Rhodey asked a few more questions, and then Dr. Chimva made a point of asking Tony if there was anything else he wanted to know. He shook his head, unable to manage words at this point, and she left their company shortly after, promising to make herself available if and when Tony did want to discuss matters further.
“Natasha.” She came awake suddenly and completely, the way that most soldiers Tony knew did. “Help me?” Her face was warm concern and complete, focused attention as she nodded, reaching out to brush a strand of hair away from his face.
“That’s not…I made my choice,” Tony said as he laid a hand on Thor’s bicep. It felt unbelievably good to touch someone after days of pulling away from everyone around him. “I love the kid, but he was really one of the only things I had back in that world. Now that I know what it was to lose him, I couldn’t…if I’d gone home I would have been terrified every time Peter stepped outside his door. I definitely couldn’t have handled him being Spiderman. I would have made his world smaller and smaller for the sake of my own comfort, and eventually he would have resented the hell out of me for it and he would have been right.” Thor’s head bowed, his long hair curtaining his face. “I mean it. Whatever else happens here, I’m not—I am in this for the long haul. You’re mine, all of you, and I’m yours if you’ll keep having me, and —mmf.”
“You know, you guys are really good partners—amazing, honestly, I’ve never seen anything like how you are together. But you’re not really the best friends, are you?” Steve blinked, wearing an expression so stunned it would have been funny under any other circumstances. “I just…Pep, Rhodey, Sam, I don’t understand how the same people who fight so hard for each other just let the friendships in their lives fall apart the second things get tough.” Silence so thick it practically coated the room made Tony wince and want to curl into a ball, protect himself from whatever might follow. Then Steve kissed his head and said,
To the team’s credit, they gave him his space. JARVIS would have alerted them to Tony’s arrival, but no one magically appeared by his side or sent him increasingly anxious texts or anything. (Someone, he thought, was probably holding Steve’s phone hostage to make this happen. He wondered if it was Bucky or Rhodey, to whom Steve seemed surprisingly inclined to listen to.)
“Her Dad. Still might end up making some of the papers, he’s a well-known businessman, but it won’t be front-page news the way it would have been if, say, Spiderman had dropped him off all wrapped up in a bow.” He sounded so sure, there was absolutely no way things hadn’t played out exactly the way Tony was describing in his own universe. Tony was clearly bound and determined not just to help Peter in the here and now, but also to spare him any suffering the other version of the kid had endured. Peter, meanwhile, wavered slightly on his feet, even a hint of kindness enough to rock his very foundation. Tony’s eyes narrowed at the sight, as if he were seeing something Steve wasn’t. “Want to sit? It’ll be just as easy to yell at me from one of the obscenely comfortable pieces of furniture in here, I promise.”
A small piece of what turned out to be dark chocolate was pressed into Tony’s mouth. It wasn’t just any chocolate, either; it was from a little Canadian chocolatier he’d fallen in love with on a business trip in his twenties. He used to pay to have the stuff imported all the time, but like many of the fun things about being wealthy, that habit had fallen by the wayside as Tony devoted more and more time and resources to cleaning up after the Avengers.
“I’m, I appreciate that Tony. I really do. But I’m just not ready to hear it yet. I need to go down to the gym or something—I—I can’t do this right now.” Steve nodded at Pepper, then half-stumbled to his feet and departed the room. Pepper stood and crossed the room, pulling Tony’s head against the taut skin of her stomach and stroking his hair while he tried with everything he had not to wonder if he’d ruined the best thing that had ever happened to him.
,” she rolled her eyes, “but they knew and I knew that if we took the contracts and the terms were violated it would be decades worth of legal battles to get those products off the market again. That would harm the company and give the Board a legitimate case to argue I was negatively impacting their bottom line”
“Yeah, okay, so you got it to move through a tailing pond and take some measurements,” one of the techs declared impatiently. His back was to the window, but his voice was far higher and pitchier than Tony had expected, but then it wasn’t that unusual for SI to poach the really talented kids right out of college. “Big whoop. SI already has the market cornered on clean energy, what do they need to go digging around the oil sands for?”
Steve had been told he couldn’t do a great many things in his life, and he’d made an entire career out of proving those claims wrong. He should have stayed down and given up in so many back alleys, in recruitment centres all over New York, in the metal coffin they’d put him in after they’d pumped his veins full of an experimental serum that never should have worked. He’d fought way harder for much less than this, an entire future unfolding in front of him, bright and full of colour again after so many months of grey.
Steve came to with a start as a thick piece of leather was pressed—well, sort of more shoved, really—into his hand. That particular mystery was fairly easily solved; one glance revealed it to be Phil’s leash, the one he rarely used but which matched Steve’s favourite of his collars. The context of having said item given to him took a bit longer to piece together through the lingering fog of Dom-dep. But the dep wasn’t as bad as it should have been, wasn’t even as severe as it had been before he’d left Wakanda…(
“Well, I mean you are the guy that the other Cap once told me he would want to take over for him if anything ever happened, so I suppose that makes you either incredibly dorky or pretty okay. Probably both, really.”
He didn’t bother with Steve’s room. As far as Peter was concerned, the two of them spent more than enough time together as it was, especially given that they barely liked each other a lot of the time. Across the hall was a blank door. Peter couldn’t know for sure having only been in the main foyer of the building before it had been levelled, but he was pretty sure it had belonged to Tony in the old version of the compound. Immediately he was reminded of the way May had kept Uncle Ben’s chair at the table until after the Snap. In so many other ways Peter recognized now that May had modelled healthy grieving habits in the aftermath of Ben’s loss. She’d held on to some of his uncle’s stuff, but not too much; she talked about him sometimes, and encouraged Peter to do the same, but didn’t seem to let herself linger on anything outside the good memories. She kept a few pictures around, but didn’t allow the house to become some kind of monument .The chair, though…the chair had been the one outlier, a quiet but stubborn refusal to release her husband without a fight.
Steve was still smiling to himself hours after he’d seen Tony off. His lover had been adorably nervous about the meeting all morning; he’d changed clothes three times, and had muttered bits of non-sequiturs to himself as he’d wandered the house, which made Steve suspect he was trying to script the conversation in his mind.
“Well, for the most part I’ll try to stay out of your way, same as I did when I was around the first time. But of course, if there are issues on which you want my input specifically I’ll be happy to make myself available. Just give me a little longer to get caught up; my Dominants aren’t particularly thrilled at the idea of me pulling all-nighters immediately after returning from the dead, you see. So unreasonable.”
“Police scanner reports a robbery at that bodega on your left. Patrol unit is still several minutes out because of that wreck on Grand Central Parkway. Let’s give them a hand until then.” Natasha placed a restraining hand on Steve’s arm, which came as a genuine surprise. Intervening in an armed robbery was more action than they usually saw on Community Days, and he’d assumed she would have been thrilled by the chance to at least get to deliver a solid few punches rather than helping elderly people across the street. (This had only happened
Given that Steve had just invited their partner to leave the universe if he so wished, he expected the glares that were being aimed at him from several members of the team. Natasha was openly fingering the knife on her thigh, which was truly terrifying even for a super soldier.  Bucky’s expressions was shuttered, a sign that he was reaching for the Soldier’s lack of affect as a bizarre source of comfort. Bruce, however, looked thoughtful. He chewed his lip, and his mouth opened and closed several times before he spoke.
It was odd enough to witness with his own eyes just how comfortable this Tony was with Pepper. What really made the otherwise domestic scene feel uneasy, though, was Clint. He hovered at the break where the tile of the open concept kitchen turned into the hardwood of the living room, fists clenched at his sides while he surveyed the pair on the couch. Feeling the weight of leadership settle back onto his shoulders, Steve beelined for the archer, pulling him into the kitchen under the guise of preparing snacks for their little gathering.
Tony slept in his arms for nearly fourteen hours, and Steve didn’t waste a single second of that time on his own sleep. He spent several hours creating a mental catalogue of everything about how Tony felt in his arms—the small twitches and movements he made, what words or touches made the creases that occasionally formed between his brows even in sleep go soft and smooth again, the single perfect ringlet of hair right at the back of his neck—Steve learned all of it in as much micro-detail as he could manage while Natasha lounged next to them, her expressions ranging from amusement to something more quiet and contemplative.
His honesty earned him back Phil’s cock, and Tony tried like hell to push his partner toward orgasm. He was good with his mouth, always had been, and while he hadn’t been lying about not wanting to use the blowjob to compensate for the earlier safeword, he was pretty desperate to please Phil. Coulson apparently had other plans. Every time Tony felt his thighs start to shake or the movement of his hips became irregular, he had Tony go back to circling the head with kitten licks and kisses. By his fourth attempt to get Coulson to really lose control, Tony was starting to take it personally. He apparently hid this less well than he might have hoped, because Phil chuckled and his hand in Tony’s hair started to stroke rather than pull at the strands.
“That’s interesting, that he’d be so open to exploring submission and so sure that Domination isn’t for him.” Phil was fairly sure he knew where his partner’s mind was taking him, and he wondered the same thing. But Tony had made his position on having any blood taken extremely clear, and without proof that their universe might be impacting him on a physiological level, there simply was no point in wondering too much.
And that’s the worst of it, at least for that particular night. Tempers are still raw, minds still reeling. At one point, Sam looks like he’s about to ask Peter something. Then he shakes his head, sits back against the couch and steals a Mars bar out of Bucky’s hand.
“Ten out of ten would recommend,” Bucky drawled. “Somethin’ you need, doll?” The tips of Tony’s cheekbones turned a dusky pink when Bucky referred to him that way, but it was Steve he was looking at when he replied.
Tony was fixated. He knew he was, and he was aware enough to realize it was starting to piss the others off. But there was nothing more irritating in the world than the sensation of knowing there was a link somewhere and not being able to find it. It was the mental equivalent of having something stuck between your teeth when you don’t have access to floss.
statements, Steve. I think, I feel, I believe.” Steve’s jaw got that stubborn set to it that meant he was about to do or say something imminently foolish, but Pepper glared again, and he huffed but took several long breaths and a swig of water from the glass in front of him before answering.
Content Notes: Well, friends, this is 4300 words of porn. You probably already know if that's something you'll enjoy or not. Specific kinks represented include impact play (crop), overstimulation, multiple orgasms and strength/size kink. Tony also struggles and act out a bit at the beginning of the scene, not because of issues of consent, but because of commitment/abandonment issues; Steve handles it fine.
He nearly let the conversation stop there. It had become habit by now to let this version of the team offer whatever information they wanted (which was so often candid and intensely personal stuff) while providing very little of himself. They let him get away with it with no signs but the occasional frown or quiet sigh proving that they were ever hoping for more. But if Tony was really going to try to be with these people, they’d tire of the inequality after awhile, and so would he.
After two more intake meetings he was abruptly called in to an unscheduled disciplinary session; as soon as he saw the name on the agenda, he groaned. Out loud. In the middle of a crowded hallway. He quickly covered it as a cough and no one was any the wiser (he hoped.) But he still dragged his feet as he made his way down to Maria’s office, where Hill, Coulson and the guest of honour were already assembled and waiting.
When Tony stepped into the medical bay, Bruce was already present and accounted for. He stood with his back to the elevator, framed by the cool blue glow of the multiple holoscreens he had open in front of him. He made a quiet, thoughtful noise and then minimized one of the screens, which held skeletal and muscular outlines of a human arm, before diving for a thick textbook on a tall shelf to his left. When his hunt for whatever information he was seeking proved successful, Bruce hummed in satisfaction and abandoned the book in favour of taking a long sip of the tea he’d brought down with him from the penthouse.
Steve finally works his way up to talking about the events that lead to his Tony's death. Meanwhile, MCU Tony and Bruce experiment.
“No, we shouldn’t, but to be honest I strongly doubt it’ll be an issue. He ranked almost every behaviour associated with Domination as something he wasn’t interested in trying. Some of that might be him trying to please us, so I think giving him a shot at Switching sometime down the road wouldn’t be a bad idea. But he seems to know a lot more about what he doesn’t want than what he does. The document contains very few notes, he mostly stuck to just checking the boxes boxes, but there were several cases, like delivering pain, where he wrote that he didn’t think he could even try being on the Dominant side of the equation.” Bruce frowned thoughtfully.
“Tonight at dinner…Tony, I want you to get to know us, and I also know that learning the orientation stuff is not really something you have a choice about. But as I sat there listening to all of us go on and on about the intricacies of dominance and submission, all I could think was that you weren’t being given a chance to get to know us beyond our differences, and vice versa. We know
“Tony spent the better part of five years trying to avoid me every time he did something he knew would piss me off. Which was…well, fairly frequently back in those days; being his assistant during his wild twenties was a nightmare, I’m telling you.”
Following those events, she could easily have had her pick of positions at any gossip magazine, tabloid or similar publication in the country. It was the scoop of the century.
), but, well, Rhodey was Rhodey. He’d taken one long look at Tony once he’d collapsed back onto the couch following Barnes’ departure, pulled him half into his lap, and started stuffing berries into his protesting mouth. And sure, Rhodey’s willingness to feed Tony’s ever present skin-hunger without at least a token show of resistance was a little odd. But also almost worth having to cede defeat to the stupid symbolic fruit.
“Just tilt your head back for Nat, Tony, good. She’s just getting the shampoo out, don’t her nails feel nice on your scalp?”
“I uh…I think we should probably try to keep orientation out of this as much as possible given the circumstances, sweethe—uh, Tony.” It made sense, Tony knew it did, but it still hurt like hell to seat himself between Steve and Rhodey when all he wanted was to curl up at his Dom’s feet like he’d done dozens of times before. Was subtonin really that powerful, he wondered, or was he just that far gone on Steve, on all of them? “I know I’ve had more time than the rest of you to digest this, and I promise that everyone is going to have a chance to say anything they need to say. But would it be okay if I started?” When no one voiced any objections, Steve nodded, squared his jaw, and turned to face Tony. “I owe you an apology.”
There was still so much to deal with, so many unanswered questions and plans to make. But it turned out to be next to impossible for Steve to focus on any of that with Tony and Bucky curled up at their feet on what was rapidly turning into ‘their’ spot on the floor of the penthouse living room, gossiping and petting each other like a couple of kittens. Tony was despairing of what he termed his own laziness, because apparently he’d planned to be through aftercare and down in the shop by now.
Rhodes smiles. The man actually grins, and Peter wants to lose it. He wants things he would never usually consider. He wants to throw things and scream and he even wants to drink some more, because while the end stages of his encounter with Asgardian liquor were quite awful, the early hours had been fantastic. A release he hadn’t felt since before any of this.
“Tell me what you were thinking about. What made you react like that?” Tony said nothing and made a valiant attempt to distract Phil by increasing the suction. Unfortunately, all these efforts got him was tugged all the way off the other man’s cock. “You don’t use sex to hide from me. You don’t hide from me at all. Not like this.” Tony wiped at the spit and pre-come on his chin and looked anywhere but at Phil.
Steve stared regretfully down at his soup, wondering if he’d still want it when this conversation was over.
Its vast emptiness was depressing. MJ, however, was delighted. She let out an uncharacteristic squeal when they stepped inside and immediately began making plans for making some kind of clubhouse where she, Ned, and Peter could hang out on the regular. A few bean bag chairs, maybe even a couch if they could sneak one out of the compound, and she insisted the place could have a ‘ Peter, while he enjoyed the thought of a space slightly outside the prying eyes of the Avengers, also had his hesitations.
“Nine Inch Nails? Seriously? I didn’t even know you could get their stuff on vinyl.” The corners of Coulson’s mouth twitched just slightly.
The colour that had drained from Bruce’s face at the mention of Extremis was still gone, but his hands were as steady as ever as he opened a screen on the holotable and started typing a rapid-fire series of notes and questions that Steve could only half-read. Bucky, however, had more immediate concerns. He pointed to the kitchen and directed a menacing glare at all of them in turn.
“No,” Bruce said, calm but decisive. “I couldn’t. I’m willing to wait until Tony is ready to share most things with us, but there’s been days where I would bet his caloric intake has been under half of what he needs. And yet other times he’s seemed almost desperate to eat what’s in front of him. I can’t figure out the pattern on my own, Clint, not without more information, and I have to. I have to figure it out because he’s so fucking thin and I can’t,
“The sooner you quit with that, the sooner we can really start, sweetheart. You tell me when you’re ready.” Steve didn’t sound angry, or even particularly surprised. Tony could see the outline of his cock, more than half hard, in his slacks, but Steve spoke with patience and understanding, like he knew why Tony couldn’t just go down without a fight and didn’t fault him for it, even though he clearly had no intention of losing. That tone made him feel way more naked than his lack of clothes did, and he glared up at Steve.
Still, he reminded himself, there had to be limits. Tony was not in much of a position to consent to altering their relationship, so they would need to balance his seeming desire to have Steve nearby and in his Dominant headspace with not doing anything they couldn’t take back. When the food was ready, Steve nodded to Bruce.
The first portion of the contract focused on things that weren’t even sexual, and which required a level of honesty and vulnerability that Tony didn’t know if he’d ever be able to just offer up on a plate. It asked about things like recent injuries, chronic pain, triggers, and also about his preferences with non-sexual, daily kinds of things like whether or not Tony was okay with being touched without warning or using the washroom in view of another person. He hadn’t filled any of that out yet, and didn’t know if he ever would.
Ultimately, it was a simple and as complicated as that, wasn’t it? Tony was a version of the man they had loved, but they weren’t the same. And there was already a risk the subtle distinctions between them might start to wear, leaving behind that vague sense of dissatisfaction you got when you ate just enough to near being full but not quite enough to actually
And speaking of part two, there will likely be a break of a few weeks before we get started. Lots of exciting but also time-consuming and exhausting stuff going on personally and professionally. I assure you the story is in no way abandoned! And I’ll still be popping in with AskStrange replies, as well as some ficlets from my other verse.
a feint, it was both genius and slightly unfair of Bucky. Tony had only been around other people in submissive headspace in small doses, and never when he was this deep in ‘space himself; he had no real concept of the strong bonds that could form between subs and other subs or switches in submissive headspace. They still looked to their Dominants for comfort and guidance, of course, but with the corresponding desires to please their Dom (and anxieties about disappointing them) absent, submissives that trusted one another were known for an unfiltered, almost giddy camaraderie. If anything in Tony, biological or otherwise, reached out and recognized Bucky in that same way, then he might be the only one capable of drawing this information out of Tony without spoiling the relaxed post-scene mood they’d all worked hard to set. Steve couldn’t quite bring himself to reprimand his partner, though, not with his Dominant instincts to protect mixing with his sheer frustration at learning there was yet another aspect of Tony’s life they were ignorant of. This couldn’t go on.
“But the Force!” cried Coulson. Finding out Phil Coulson was apparently one hell of a nerd was only like the fourth best thing about this conversation, which was a testament to just how awesome Peter’s life felt right now. He had forgotten all about Tony by the time he and Bruce were debating the physics of the Force-choke.
. Oh, Steve.) “…how about you come inside and protect me from there, huh? Sight lines are better, plus the added benefit of, you know, an actual mattress.” Steve shook his head, face set into stubborn lines that Tony knew well, though they felt far less familiar on this version of the man. “No? Why not?” Stubborn silence. “Gonna need you to use some actual words pretty soon here, Steve.”
His notes advise briefly heating the lemons to reduce time and effort involved in juicing; Dr. Banner also prefers the use of a simple syrup to ensure sugar is evenly dissolved. (The 1 c sugar is heated with 1 cup of water until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is a clear syrup.)
Bucky would later speculate, loudly and only somewhat jealously, that Tony and Steve did not emerge from the penthouse for 28 hours following their late-night training session because of the many indecent acts Tony’s new armour inspired in Steve. Tony egged on the teasing, making a number of borderline-indecent insinuations that had Clint crying foul about why Steve didn’t have to follow the no sex rule if the rest of them did. (Only Tony, Steve thought fondly, would pretend to have been having wild sex to cover up for the fact that Steve had spent the vast majority of their time together in a deep, blessedly dreamless, sleep.)
Instead, she dropped off the map for close to a year, pursued additional training in her field, and worked in several low-paying internships before finally landing a position at the New York Times. Her coverage of the Avengers, as well as other global political issues, is considered the best and fairest in the country.
When Tony exited the penthouse bedroom for the first time in days, he did not expect to nearly trip on the sleeping form of Natasha Romanov. Indeed, the image was so unexpected that he had a brief but intense internal debate over whether or not this might be a waking hallucination, but the indignant ‘oof’ sound she made was not something his imagination could have conjured. So this meant the most unbelievable option was also the true one: Natasha had been sleeping in the hallway outside his room.
Historically these categorizations were made based entirely on bloodwork (hormone levels spike when an individual turns 14.) However, they are now made based on a combination of physical and social/psychological investigations. Clint Barton was ranked according to the newer system; his ‘6’ represents slightly elevated levels of hormones associated with domination, but it was largely his psychosocial profile that really solidified that classification.
“Shoulda told them. I hear honest communication is important,” Tony advised with a grin. Steve laughed, unable to help himself, and gathered the submissive up and into his arms. Bucky, meanwhile, slithered his way into Phil’s lap, effectively averting Coulson’s reply to Tony while also shielding Phil from glares and follow up questions from the rest of the team. Tony hummed happily and went about the apparently urgent work of trying to press all of himself as close to Steve as he could manage.
“I’m…not convinced that’s true. Is there someone I could call, at least? Your aunt, perhaps? Captain Rogers?”
Clint reached over and squeezed his hand. The pattern of calluses and small burns on his lover’s hand was familiar and comforting, and Phil returned the pressure gratefully.
“Tony?” Pepper’s voice had taken on a slightly higher pitch, which he was entirely too familiar with. She was repeating herself, likely not for the first time, and growing increasingly displeased about it. “I’m heading into my office. And I love you, but when you camp out in there you break things and provide inappropriate commentary whenever I’m on the phone, neither of which I find as charming as Steve does.”
“Please do not speak until I address you, Captain Rogers. Agent Avelnio.” A pause. “Talia. Look at me. Good, thank you. Now, you are well aware that’s not what I meant. I had hoped that we could delay our conversation on this matter because I am aware it is not customary for you to join orientational dynamics with your work. I have attempted to…restrain myself as best as I could for precisely those reasons. But now, unless I am very much mistaken, you are fighting to be assigned a long and dangerous night shift, your second in as many nights, purely because I shall be there. You are also disrupting my conversations with my superior officers and disrespecting me in front of my troops. None of this may continue. So we must speak plainly with one another.” The even staccato of Masdee’s short sentences, skirting the very edges of Dominant commands without actually becoming that, appeared to hit Talia like a drug. Her arms slowly unwrapped, and she pressed her palms against her thighs in her own small show of submission. “Let us then have no misunderstandings. Am I correct in assuming that the attraction I feel towards you is mutual?”
“So, Pepper-pie, got a plan?” Pepper took one more long moment to visibly gather herself. Then he watched as her spine straightened, her head lifted, and she stared him in the face just as fearless and capable as ever.
After several aborted attempts that left Tony confusingly half-hard and anxious as hell, he decided that it wasn’t a good idea to start with any of the more intimidating possibilities. After another glance at the list, he selected one thing he’d already experimented with, and one of the more vanilla options: kneeling and dildos. He moved those two items into a separate window, minimized the rest of the list to avoid distraction, then closed his eyes and tried to summon the scene.
“There is literally nothing I wouldn’t drop to be there when you work on this,” Bruce vowed, quiet but entirely unambiguous. Tony blew him a kiss, then strode across the room to where Steve stood gawping at him.
Fortunately for both of them, when Peter was actually conscious—hungover and heartbroken and just waiting for Steve to turn on him—Steve just couldn’t make himself confirm the worst of what the boy expected. Instead, he hauled the television down from his bedroom and got it balanced on some boxes so that they could watch a weird but charming show about an American football coach moving to the UK to coach soccer. When Peter’s friend MJ made her way downstairs with Sam and Bucky, they got another couple of the hospital beds set up and watched together. Peter even endured MJ’s teasing with relatively good grace, even when she dangled macaroni and cheese slathered in hot sauce (apparently Sam’s creation) under his nose.
A part of Steve felt bad for thinking it when he remembered how hard Tony had fought to separate himself from Iron Man. But the other, far more selfish aspect of his psyche that had been on edge for days now was undeniably relieved. (Tony would be ready, always, to face any threat that came at them. And unlike before, when the arc had meant he wore his heart on the outside, vulnerable and exposed, now it meant the armour would be with him, forever protecting the heart that lay beating beneath it.) Steve’s Dominance was viciously satisfied, stopping just short of roaring in triumph to see his submissive so well-protected.
“Bruce’s instructions were to put them in a biohazard bag. I believe Sam and your friend took the added measure of burning them.” Oh God.
—cool takedowns, awesome one-liners, maybe a few bloopers where Hawkeye missed or Captain America dropped his shield or something. And sure, there had been some of that—like in the footage of Thor shooting lightning out of his eyes, or that time when Black Widow, having apparently lost a bet, fought an entire session wearing ballet slippers and beat everyone in one way or another.
Watching Tony make the rounds at SHIELD turned out to be entertaining enough that for a while Peter almost forgot what they had come for in the first place. It was so rare for him to see Tony out of the Tower, let alone in Director Mode. More bizarre still was realizing how mundane some aspects of running a spy organization were. Someone came up to Tony to remind him about an upcoming budget meeting. Another person, an agent that definitely had a crush on Tony (which, eew, no) stammered their way through complimenting him on his most recent bulletproof vest design. Several of them sent curious looks Peter’s way. As this almost always led to Tony terminating the conversation in under ten seconds, however, Peter was not forced to try to figure out how to lie to a building full of spies.
Tony wanted to think it mostly the result of his recent injuries, but Peter’s file had told a different story. Numerous hospitalizations, though none that SHIELD had managed to successfully link with Spiderman activities. (This was mostly, Tony had been horrified to realize, because Peter had typically waited 2-3 days before seeking medical aid for superhero-related injuries. He also tended to leave against medical advice, likely to avoid any realization on his doctor’s parts that he was healing faster than he should have been, or that there were unexplained anomalies in his bloodwork.) He and his aunt had minimal insurance coverage, which meant that the bills had started to add up fast; May Parker had several maxed out credit cards, and was working hours that had to be leaving next to no time for sleep in order to avoid being evicted from their third apartment in fourteen months.
out of laundry detergent again because that’s what happens when you insist on using three pods per load…he’s done it all there without a single second of concern for the information being compromised.
“Couldn’t have done this like six hours ago? I swear I thought I was imagining the vibe.” The other man grinned and blew him a kiss.
He didn’t let Tony down into the workshop very often, either. Tony, he said, was too easily distracted, more likely to break something or taint the results of an experiment than to actually add anything of value. But every once in a while he would find Tony, pull him away from whatever he was doing (which had included school a couple of times, usually leading to screaming matches between Dad and Mom later) and bring him down to the shop.
“Alright, you know the rules lady and gentlemen. Speed of breaking is obviously paramount, but points will also be taken off for any interference with your fellow contestants, as well as for breaking any of my—the stuff down here. Also try not to run over Barnes. He’s new at this, and since he’ll be one of the judges you don’t want to piss him off.” Dummy whirred impatiently and wheeled backward and forwards a couple of inches. He always got cocky during this game. “And…go!”
He considered this proposal for all of two seconds after Everhart made a quiet exit. Rhodey and Pepper both knew—Rhodey because of Tony’s disastrous college years, and Pepper because Rhodey had pretty much forced Tony to confide in her once she’d been hired on as his assistant. (He was still pissed about that, but sometimes Tony really needed to kneel or be told he was good, and Pepper always seemed to know. It didn’t feel anything at all like when a Dom would do it, but it staved off the worst of the dep when it got really bad.) The team…if he went to them now, if he took Everhart’s advice and broke it to them personally, he could already predict what would happen. Steve would be quietly concerned, asking questions about Tony’s wellbeing and pretending his True Dom ass didn’t have a vested interest in the answers. Bruce, someone actually informed on the science, would back Steve up, making more pointed inquiries about his hormone levels and other indicators of dep that would be far harder to ignore. Natasha and Thor, though for different reasons, would both be silent in their support. Clint would make a perfectly inappropriate joke, and Coulson would promise any supports Tony needed through SHIELD or outside of it. They’d be kind and understanding and sympathetic and by the end of it Tony would feel so fucking small and worthless that he’d probably leave the damn country and never return.
legally binding?” Pepper and Steve shared a brief grin, and then she sighed. “Look, it's worth a shot if he wants to try it that way, but they have some of the best media people in the world working for them too. If they can sow the seed of doubt in people's heads then it won't matter what Tony says happened with Taskmaster or Howard or any off the rest of it. The relationship between the two of you has always been at the heart of the public's adoration of the Avengers, and if they throw that into question, anything might be up for grabs.”
“Yeah he did leave. And I miss him, of course I do, kid. But all I ever really wanted for Tony, more than his being happy, even, was for him to  really get a chance to put it all down. When he was taken in Afghanistan, Tony Stark was an untrained civilian put through shit no one should ever have to deal with. When we found him, I thought we were rescuing him, but we weren’t. Not really. He’d already lost something he could never get back. And from then on…well, Iron Man came first. He had to. The world needed him to, and so did Tony, because he didn’t know who he was anymore outside of that suit.”
“I’m sure you have, but we really need to focus up here. Tony, JARVIS said you have questions about the SHIELD program that I could help answer? Also, what does the robot sheep want?”
But there was more to the kiss than that, so much more. There was an aching tenderness to Steve’s touch, the way he never let his weight come to rest too heavily on Tony’s chest, and how the same hands that had manipulated Tony’s position to Steve’s own exacting demands also seemed determined to cradle and shield his head. And every few minutes he pulled away from the kiss entirely to stare down at Tony for a few seconds. Each time Tony jarringly recalled what it had been have the universe in his grasp in his grasp, because Steve looked at him exactly like that, like Tony wasn’t just a bit of Soul Stone but the entirety of the multiverse held between his palms.
“Look,I know you’re concerned and based on what JARVIS has put together about what happened in your universe you have cause to be, but Ultron is perfectly safe.” The glass that had just barely escaped damage earlier in the call is not so lucky this time; from the sounds of it, Tony had launched it against the wall.
Phil didn’t voice his findings, he never did. He simply guided them over to the couch, reaching up to exert a light pressure on Steve’s shoulders when Steve didn’t automatically sit, but just stood in front of the furniture, numb.
If Rogers couldn’t even bear dinner with Tony he personally found this to be a pretty unlikely option, but he made a show out of wrinkling his nose all the same, just to make Natasha laugh (which it did.)
“I know we don’t usually…but I sort of wanted a check-in, if that’s alright? We can do it here, I don’t want to totally mess up the vacay-vibes you got going.” Bruce didn’t hide his surprise, but he patted the spot between his legs on the lounger. Tony clambered onto it, trying to picture how Bruce was imagining him fitting into a kneeling pose, but he found himself tugged into what was essentially a cuddle instead.
At this, Peter couldn’t help but snort. If there was one thing he’d assumed someone like Steve would understand it was that there was no way to not end up isolated when you were like them. He’d tried to balance super-heroing and a normal life, and had managed only a few blissful weeks before Quentin Beck had turned Peter’s entire life upside down.
“I think your mind is just afraid to accept being happy,” Bruce mused during their usual Tony-free Thursday drinking session. “It’s looking for a catastrophe that isn’t coming.”
Steve, it turned out, wasn’t looking—at least not at first. He rattled around in the bench at the foot of the bed, emerging at last with a long wooden case, a promisingly-sized bottle of lube, and something Tony didn’t see that was deposited on the top of the bench. He didn’t make Tony wait long to learn the contents of the box, which turned out to be a series of dildos arranged by size. The smallest was barely wider than one of Tony’s fingers; the largest was definitely among the longest and thickest he had ever seen, easily capable of leaving someone gaping, and it was wickedly curved at one end. He reached out by impulse, ever the tactile learner, and Steve readily surrendered the case so that Tony could handle each of the toys in turn. They were all made of what he was positive was handblown glass that was cool to the touch, and each was a different colour that already gleamed in the low lighting of the room. He suspected that out of the velvet-lined case they’d be stunning. Leave it to Steve, he mused with a barely contained laugh, to seek out sex toys that doubled as art.
. I got a three paragraph ode to Thor using the armour and the lightning to supercharge his hammer not a page before, yet Taskmaster seems to have defeated and subsequently arrested himself. Such an interesting series of omissions, wouldn’t you say?”
“I believe you’ll find that DUM-E’s protocols allow him to intervene in cases where he witnesses any resident of the Tower engaging in behaviours classified as self-harm.” JARVIS had ‘helpfully’ pulled up the relevant lines of code on the nearest screen to Tony. He spared a second for wondering when and how those conditions had been added, before swiping the data away with an impatient flick of his wrist.
“Bring back some of that homemade caramel corn from last week, wouldja Stevie?” Bucky called. “We were just about to start a movie, Tony, you should stay if you have time.” They had made no such plans, and Steve barely resisted the urge to toss the requested snack at his manipulative friend’s head. To make matters worse, when Tony agreed, Bucky patted the spot on the floor next to him. “Wanna sit with me? This rug is insanely comfortable. Way better than the couch.”
After his encounter with Bucky, Tony expected to be back at baseline and head on his merry way. Instead, he was back to dropping by the time sucked back the last of his green juice. It was horribly frustrating, not to mention embarrassing—he’d thought Dr. Chimva had been kidding about this whole becoming a submissive thing feeling like a second puberty.
“So,” Phil continued without missing a beat, “you’re going to be sending me a daily texts, telling me something you’re proud of or like about yourself that day. No passive voice, no irony, no bullshit.”
“Lines. But I…reading and writing aren’t exactly my faves, so he lets me do verbal lines that JARVIS keeps track of. Which is definitely easier than the borderline cruelty of making me write, but…well, some things are also pretty damn hard to hear out loud over and over again. I wish he’d just spank me.”
“Please what?” Bruce gritted out. His grip on the table intensified, while the other hesitated in mid-air before landing in Tony’s hair, tightening almost immediately to pull at Tony’s curls. The hint of pain actually helped, made it somewhat easier to focus past the haze of desperation that had gripped him, at least enough to ask for what he wanted.
“DUCK!” The latter was a semi-frequent event as Clint’s ill-advised arrows seemed to have minds of their own when it came to choosing a path by which to return to Tony’s hand. On the third such occasion, Peter decided he would definitely not be trying to make the acidic web-fluid today.
“You can. You are. You’re going to give me everything, because that’s what I want from you.” Bruce kept up the slow massage until he had wrung every agonizing, wonderful drop from Tony. He whined with oversensitivity, and squealed when Bruce pressed down on his prostate like he was ringing a damn doorbell once before sliding his fingers out. “That’s my good, sweet boy. You took your punishment so well, Tony, I’m so very proud of you.”
“Thank you,” he murmured, for far more than the watch. He’d been observed by his own Natasha before, of course, but had never felt particularly
“Do you need the silence to be externally enforced, or just something I make clear to the others that is not to be disturbed?” He blinked several times, but Natasha clarified before he could even formulate the question. “Do you want a gag, Tony?”
“I miss the goats. Masdee wouldn’t let me bring any of them with us, even my favourite one who hangs out outside our room all the time to beg for food.” Recalling just how much Masdee hated the goats, he laughed aloud at how unimpressed she must be to have one haunting their rooms. “At first it was weird. My head wanted to sink into old patterns from who I was the last time I was here—like muscle memory, almost? But Masdee was great. Really patient and kind, and strict as hell, too, and I’m starting to get my feet under me now.” Steve nodded his understanding, then gestured to her neck.
“No. I thought it would be. When he got here I stayed away from him as long as I could, and then even when I let us become friends I tried like hell not to love him. But he’s his own man, and what we’ve built with him is fundamentally different from what we had with the other Tony. They were both wonderful, but…yeah, really different.” Sam nodded, then leaned down to pick up a pale pink seashell up off the beach. When he caught Steve looking, Sam shrugged. “Alex likes 'em.”
Finally, after Tony (who abhorred using honorofics outside scenes) called Phil ‘Sir’ at breakfast only to rush out of the kitchen without finishing his breakfast, Steve felt he had no choice but to intervene. He cornered his submissive in the workshop. To his credit, Tony didn’t pretend to be ignorant of Steve’s motivations for seeking him out.
Tony spent most of his time living in the remains of someone else’s life. He slept in someone else’s bed, wore his clothes, dated his partners, and none of it had felt half as eerie as being back in the Malibu house. There were minor differences from his own version, just as there were in the Tower, but for the most part it was exactly how he remembered it, right down to the cantilevered staircase and the waterfall everyone had warned him would be too ostentatious. (It was, and he still adored it.)
Though privacy measures in the Accords prohibit sharing of specific names, the team assures New Yorkers that our city will continue to host an active presence of super, meta and enhanced peoples, all of whom have already agreed to be on high alert during the team’s absence.
“Yes, Casey is in her second year of her residency. I think she’s rather fallen for pediatrics to tell you the truth, but she doesn't want to admit it. Such a cliche for a Dominant, you know.” Tony, Steve was fairly certain, did
“It should be you doing this.” When his own words seem to hit Bruce, he winced and buried his face against Steve’s shoulder. “I’m sorry. Fuck, I’m sorry.”
“He asked for a sandwich. Someone get on that.” Then Bucky wrapped himself around Tony like a vice, causing the latter to let out a high-pitched laugh as Bucky’s long hair trailed a ticklish path across his naked back, neck and arms.
“Not a but. More of an or. Or you could stick it out for Peter just a little longer, help us get him settled back in here with minimal anxiety adding to whatever else that Asgardian stuff—”
As he watched the rise and fall of this Tony’s chest somewhere around hour ten, Steve realized that he was fairly sure the pattern was slightly different from his predecessor’s, but he couldn’t quite put a finger on how. Had the other Tony’s breathing been slower, maybe, or smoother? He couldn’t quite remember anymore. And that hurt; it scraped, and gnawed and tore at his insides, because it was horrible and because it was freeing. He’d held himself prisoner to his memories for so very long that he hadn’t even been able to really see the version of Tony he now held in his arms for who he was. (Just now, though….just now he was all Steve could see, like a mural that covered even the ceilings in exquisite, encompassing detail.)
“Now, in hindsight I guess I shouldn’t have been surprised at just how hard you obviously get off on praise. Because really, your contract told a story about someone who is absolutely desperate to serve. To please someone else, to be exactly what they want at precisely the moment they want it. You’re open to at least considering a huge number of things, but that’s really what they all have in common, isn’t it? It’s so fucking sweet, Tony, and all I could think about reading it was how easily I could use that to break you into pieces for me.”
“It was…fine,” Sam said, rather unenthusiastically. Steve arched an eyebrow. “No, Alexis is, I mean, you know how long I’ve been crushing on her. But I just—it’s hard to get excited to be back at the beginning of something, you know? I had it, the whole thing. The relationship, the life, Riley and I had all of it. So even though the start of a new thing is supposed to be all shiny and exciting, it sort of just makes me wish I could either hit rewind or fast forward, you know?” Steve smiled, bittersweet and sad. Even though it was validating to hear such similar thoughts to the ones he’d had, he wished this wasn’t a pain he and Sam shared.
Peter cast a pleading glance in Tony’s direction, but there was too much Tony couldn’t say before the news of Spiderman was finally out in the open. That revelation, oddly enough, went far more smoothly than in the previous universe. (At least, once Peter had unstuck himself from the penthouse wall following a brief demonstration of his powers.)
“You have already helped plenty. You’ve updated yourself about the SHIELD program, you’re going to look into the people behind the memo, and you’ve agreed to shift the timeline for going public.” Pepper listed his accomplishments with the same determined authority she used to use to remind him of the numerous items he’d neglected on his never-ending to-do list. Even though he knew intellectually how small those victories were in the grand scheme of things, hearing her praise him in that same tone made Tony warm all over. “Everything else is just details. Go now, and let your Dominant take care of you. I’ll probably sleep in one of the guest rooms at this point, so I’ll see you in the morning, okay?” He leaned over to brush a kiss against her cheek, then allowed Clint to haul him to his feet.
Steve shows off his Tony-wrangling abilities, and the two of them finally have it out. (Dummy ships it harder than any of us.)
“No need to break out the pout,” Natasha laughed from the regal position she had assumed atop Thor’s lap. “My god that should be illegal. All Bruce meant is that we know you’re tired and today has already been a lot. It’s okay if you want to just float in your headspace for the rest of the night. What we had planned is fairly…intense.”
And Tony was. Grumpy, that is. He’d just emerged from one punishment, and the prospect of having to find something genuine he liked himself and then write it down like a school kid was just—ugh. Meanwhile Coulson got to sit there on the couch, sipping a cup of coffee and typing on a tablet. Tony alternated between glaring enviously at the tech and then, when that got old, scribbling multilingual curses using every pen Phil had provided.
“This isn’t a pattern.” He wasn’t making a statement, he was pleading. Steve could hear it in the desperate pitch of his voice, which sounded for all the world like he was inhabiting an asthmatic 90-pound frame again rather than his serum-enhanced body. If he agreed, if he acknowledged that this shameful thing he’d long suspected about himself might actually be true, then it changed everything. It affected every single thing he’d ever done that really mattered as Captain America. “I…one life compared to a thousand, a million….”
Tony’s nostrils flared. Which was especially hilarious because Peter knew how ridiculous Tony had thought they were even when he was making them. Apparently, though, the rules were entirely different when it came to other people insulting his partner’s weapon of choice.
Once Peter’s ass had reconnected with the library couch, he tried to preserve what was left of his dignity by glaring. Gwen just tossed her head back and snickered. The thick coils of her hair were gathered into a knot resembling a crown near the top of her head today. Between that and the way she was perched on top of one of the arms of the couch like a throne, he quickly abandoned all attempts at composure in favour of averting his eyes and hoping he didn’t wear his awkwardness like a suit.
His confidence had, admittedly, faltered when they had pulled up to a mall of all places, but as usual Bucky managed to be amused rather than hurt or angered by Steve’s skepticism.
A hand came up against the small of Tony’s back—not guiding or pressing, just a quiet offer of support. He was not all that surprised to find it belonged to Phil Coulson, who was smiling warmly at May.
“Tony.” Bucky’s voice again, this time with more of that Dominant command than he’d ever allowed into it before. He dragged his eyes back to Bucky, finding a smirk that was both gentle and cruel. He knew what was going to happen about a second before it did, and he shook his head frantically, because only a few seconds ago he would have said it was impossible, but he knew now that it would work. “Tony,
“Aww honey it’s okay,” Clint soothed, but there was just enough of an edge left in it that Tony knew he wasn’t in for any real reprieve. “It’s okay if you can’t do it. If you don’t get it this time we’ll try again next time.”
“Aren’t—didn’t you have a thing? Some kind of horrible boring thing in like…Utah or Canada or something?”
Steve hardly considered himself good at predicting the future. That had always been more Tony’s arena. But he could see the path ahead of Sam and Bucky so clearly that he felt almost impatient waiting for it to come to fruition. There were already so many little tells—the awareness the two of them had of one another in battle, the way that their once cutting remarks had morphed into a warm series of inside jokes, the way their touches and stares always lingered just a few beats longer than was strictly necessary. They would be marvelous in the field together, but that was nothing compared to what Steve knew they would eventually be off the field.
The silence stretched on, endless and brutal. Finally Bruce stepped forward and put a cautious hand on Tony’s shoulder.
On another day, Steve would have drawn this out. Would have talked to Phil and told him how good he looked, how excited Steve was to hurt him and fuck him and see him come. Today, he just let the belt rest on Coulson’s back long enough for Steve to get undressed, then picked it up again, doubled it and wrapped it around his fist, and then began to swing.
Tony groaned in loud, unembarrassed complaint. He would normally be the first to jump up immediately following sex and get back to work, but Steve had all but broken his brain just now. The guy had brought this on himself.
a romantic relationship with Steve for fuck’s sake, and he still wanted to curl up around this fake one like a cat and protect it from being tainted by Richards’ gross and not remotely subtle allusions. "Well I’ll leave it to him to fill you in on the details, but they may end up being a moot point anyway. It may turn out that, much like you, the Director has other things on his mind. His policies may well grow less…adventurous.”
I miss the days when he was incapable of even the most basic levels of deception!” Tony sat awkwardly, unsure what to do or whether he should stay or go.
“With all due respect, Princess Shuri, and that’s not a bullshit thing that’s a for real I think you’re pretty incredible and would kind of like an autograph when this is all over thing.”
No warnings for this one that I can think of. As always, let me know if you have questions or concerns.
“That’s fine. You’re responding to some very intimate and difficult questions. It isn’t a mark of weakness or failure to struggle. Can you talk to me about whatever you had? How was Tony’s Steve different from the Steve that’s sitting in front of me?”
“He is not his father. Howard Stark, like many from outside of our borders, would have wondered only what he could take. His son is primarily interested in what he can give. This is rare.” Steve considered this assessment as he watched Tony wave his hands animatedly as he explained something about Stark Industries’ new plans to make medical monitoring technologies affordable to everyone who needed them. It still hurt Steve’s pride a little, sometimes, to realize how quickly others could see in both versions of Tony what it had taken Steve months to understand. But he was grateful, too, that others
“Well I’m not, I didn’t mean healed, per se,” he sputtered, hurt and a little embarrassed. “But I mean, I’m good with the team, good with Tony. I might even--I mean, I’m thinking about asking to maybe be included in their relationship with him after all.”
First, my apologies for taking a while to get this chapter to you. As some of you know I was dealing with some health issues, and I needed to be sure that such a big, important chapter was perfect before I posted it.
“Jay, security footage from the penthouse living room please.” It had occurred to him afterward that JARVIS probably could have refused his request to spy on the team, especially given that from what he had surmised they were now the legal owners of the Tower itself. But his AI had brought up a holo-screen without hesitation, or even his usual commentary.
“Steve plays things pretty close to the chest at the best of times, and we haven’t gotten around to a lot of work-talk yet, to be honest.” The other man chuckled and thumped Tony on the back like they were old drinking buddies.
Dummy let out a string of high-pitched celebratory beeps that would have been hilarious if Steve’s heart hadn’t been lodged in his throat. Tony sat frozen across from him, his mouth still hanging slightly open.
“Wait, is this one of those in-elevator dates? Because I gotta tell you, while I don’t have a history of claustrophobia, that might be a little bit too much togetherness for me.”
think we should maybe talk about whether we want to be more than that, but again, I couldn’t really do that if you were determined to leave, could I?”
This bit of tidying should have taken roughly five minutes, maybe seven if he used that special spray the cleaners had told him they used to help keep the granite surfaces of the kitchen gleaming and spotless. Except as he’d been doing that, Steve had spotted a bit of dust on the top of the fridge. And sure it was unlikely that Tony would be inspecting that particular area, but Steve would know it was there, wouldn’t he? Even if they did spend the majority of their time in the penthouse, Steve wanted to be proud of his space, and for Tony to enjoy spending time here.
Neither Natasha nor Bruce responded to this (admittedly kind of obvious) description, though Bruce did resume the stroking of Tony’s hair. Once he’d worked his way past the shock of the first few blows, Tony managed to spare some awareness for the way the hits were falling. Witnessing the aftermath of Clint’s handiwork several times suggested that the archer treated this almost like painting or some other visual art, creating intricate, exact patterns that were designed to be displayed. Natasha’s art form felt, fittingly, more like a dance, something just as delicate but entirely ephemeral, designed to live only in the moment it was experienced. There was a hypnotic kind of rhythm to the blows, and before long Tony was listening to the dense strike of the paddle colliding with skin just as much as he was feeling the effects.
“You didn’t fill out much of the first page of the contract. I get it, I have a hard time with that one too, but there’s some things I need to know to be able to proceed. So I’m going to ask you some questions, alright? You always have the option not to answer, but without answers to some of them there’s not much more we can do today. Understand?” Tony nodded, but some part of him knew even as he did it that he wouldn’t get away with another non-verbal response. Clint shook his head. “Try again. That’ll be Yes, Clint or No, Clint.”
It had taken what was probably an inappropriate length of time for Tony to remember that before fighting Thanos had taken over his entire life, he’d actually had other jobs. Several of them (like consulting for SHIELD) weren’t viable options now, but surely there was some way he could help SI out on the sly? Make up for years of putting Pepper off and refusing to sign the things he was supposed to?
Steve woke the next morning with loose, easy limbs, a clear head, and voracious hunger that for once wasn’t tempered by self-loathing or grief. He ate most of the food in his own fridge in under half an hour, happily replaying his scene with Thor. The other man had departed late the previous evening, skin still marked with impressions from Steve’s ropes and a grateful, warm smile on his face. He’d thanked Steve constantly through most of the afternoon and into that evening, until Steve had forbidden any more and silenced him with a kiss that had gone on just long enough to constitute necking. (He, Steve Rogers, perpetual dark cloud, had necked with his lover like a teenager. He laughed aloud at the memory, and at his own giddiness.)
The fact that Steve Rogers was (and remains) director of SHIELD was actually an issue in the press for several years. True Dominants rarely take on such demanding positions, preferring to remain closer to home in case their submissive partners have need of them; concerns were expressed about Rogers’ ability to provide the care and guidance a true submissive requires. The previous Mr. Stark, however, shut such discussions down quickly and decisively.
“Gotta give it to my gal Butterfingers. That reverse while her brothers wasted all that time rounding corners was real swell.” You accepted his defeat with relatively good grace; Dummy tried to argue the point, and when that didn’t work, he picked up one of Barnes’ shoes and threw it across the shop.
He used the trip back up from the medical wing to give himself a brief but thorough talking-to about exerting any degree of Dominance on anyone who hadn’t consented, particularly the near-exact copy of his dead lover who had no way of knowing what any of his small shows of submission were doing Steve. This lasted approximately two and a half minutes, long enough for Steve to exit the elevator, hand the ointment off, and watch Tony awkwardly attempt to angle his body and apply the cream to himself with more wincing and flinching. Steve knocked Tony’s hands out of the way, seized the jar, dropped back to his knees, and began applying a thick layer to the wound himself. Tony stiffened briefly, whether from surprise or pain, and then allowed his arms to fall to his sides and his eyes to close. (Steve had helped. Tony had been in pain, and Steve had found a way to make a difference. He was a good Dom. He hadn’t failed everyone. Hadn’t failed Tony, again.)
It was then that Tony realized, really, truly understood, that he had never seen more than the faintest glimpse of Steve in Dominant headspace before now. It wasn’t just that Steve had issued a command and Tony wanted to follow it, it was as if the entirety of Tony’s sense of self had temporarily re-written itself around being and doing exactly what Steve wanted. There was no space for anything else; anxiety and resistance, worry about the blood tests and everything else their future held, there just wasn’t room for any of it with Steve’s voice and his overwhelming presence filling up everything.
“I mean, maybe a bit. He was…well, even if we’d ever gotten our shit together enough to date, he definitely never would have gone to a fundraiser with me.”
Tony wasn’t entirely sure what he had expected out of a meeting with two world-renowned spies. For the most part, his own versions of Natasha and Clint had kept to themselves; Natasha had more than once requested highly specific alterations to her tac suit and weaponry while refusing to give Tony any insight into their intended purpose. And Clint, hell, Clint had had an entire life that no one but Nat had ever been given access to until there had been no other option. The only times he had really known what either of them was doing was when he had been fighting right alongside them. (Yet another thing he would have changed if he’d been able to use time travel for anything but the most immediately relevant purposes. He would have fought for greater integration between Clint and Nat’s work with SHIELD and on the Avengers Initiative, so that their loyalties and attention hadn’t been so piecemeal.)
Speaking of hands, his own were shaking. He tried to master himself by glaring halfheartedly at Clint.
Steve carefully placed his metal bookmark back in his book, set it on the coffee table, and stretched his legs out fully so that the pops and cracks from the tiny bones in his ankles and feet were audible. Tony tracked every movement, growing more outraged by the second.
“No way. I mean, he does have some pretty cool chairs. There’s this one that’s hooked up to a gaming system that he modified for Hawkeye, it’s so cool, but he’s still an adult, you know? Not to mention the big boss guy of SHIELD. There’s only so much he’s willing to let me in on. I still need—”
He briefly considered pulling up data on the team’s uniforms and trying his hand at some upgrades. He’d gotten a couple of ideas while watching their fights yesterday; while in some ways their tech seemed a bit more advanced than Tony’s own team’s gear, Mark II definitely hadn’t had the chance to get far with nano-tech, and there was just a world of possibility there. A thin coating of it over Barton’s bowstring, for instance, would greatly enhance the tensile strength. And since nanoparticles barely added any weight, he could probably add a few protective layers of it to the most vulnerable spots on Nat’s suit without facing complains about stiffness or reduced mobility. But that all felt…intimate, like something he should probably ask before he did. And Tony didn’t want to ask any of them anything when he still felt so off after the night before.
He grinned and peered down at his phone, still in his hand from when he’d ordered Pepper’s headache treatment. Phil had responded to the selfie Tony had sent of himself in the elevator with his very particular mix of flirtation and performative bureaucracy.
Over time, Sam has learned to distrust silence. At first, like most new recruits, he’d feared the unrelenting noise of warfare. The screams. The various sounds you came to associate with particular weapons—the deep boom of heavy artillery, the pop-pop of machine guns. The hum of vehicles moving. It was certainly an overwhelming soundscape to get used to.
“Who would you put Rhodes with? Of all of them he’s the one I don’t have as much of a read on, so I would appreciate any insights you have.”
Thirty minutes later, Steve arrived to find Tony already waiting at the gates of Clayton Park. He was wearing one of the old Tony’s suits, a black wool number with green accents, and Steve was surprised to find himself missing the clothes Tony had ordered for himself. Even though the two men had mostly similar tastes, this Tony was less prone to the sharp angles and bold colours of his predecessor. (The suit also sagged a little in the places where he definitely still weighed less than the other version of himself had, Steve noted with concern.) The only part of the entire get-up that really looked like him at all was the watch at his wrist, which Tony kept reaching out with his other hand to fiddle with.
“Darren? Shiny new R&D Darren? Darren whose hiring paperwork hasn’t even gone through yet? That Darren?”
“What…” Steve started, then stopped mid-sentence. Because really, there was no point in asking what was going on. The ‘what’ wasn’t the issue here, it was the ‘how’ that mattered, but Tony wasn’t the only one struggling with his words just now.
“Only JARVIS told you, or at least he damn well better have, that I locked all of that information down before I left.” JARVIS confirmed in his haughtiest tone that he had done just this, which made Rhodey lose at least some of the attitude and apologize to the AI. (Good. Tony hated it when they fought.)
“That doesn’t sound ominous at all. I swear to Thor if you’re about to make me read a self-help book, Coulson—”
The usual warning for Masdee and Talia's storyline continues here. (Reminder: Masdee is acting entirely ethically and in accordance with her own cultural norms and laws, and Talia has zero problems with this, but their dynamic is still mixing work and Domination in a way that would technically be illegal in the North America within this verse.)
“I’m pissy because it turns out I’m not fixed, just a little extra crazy right now. Oh and also I needed a special little cushion thing to be able to sit on these tik chairs, which I always loved until I tried to use them with a sore ass. What’s eating you?” This startled a laugh out of Bucky, even while traces of a scowl still curved his lips downward.
“Eyes up, soldier. You’re not facing a firing squad, you know.” Clint’s voice was raspier and quieter than normal, like maybe he’d yelled or cried (or both, maybe) recently, but he was at least talking to Tony, trying to tease him in some facsimile of normal. Tony dared to glance up from his feet, which were currently covered in a pair of Rhodey’s socks. “There you are. Hey sugar cookie.”
The drawers on one side were filled with compounds that he used for the web fluid, plus about a dozen others he supposed were suggestions from Tony. Other drawers were filled with mechanical components for the web shooters and cartridges. Much like with the fluid, some of the hardware was already familiar, while others seemed to be Tony’s attempts to make subtle suggestions. One of the cartridges, for instance, was bright green, and Peter would bet it was designed to be paired with some of the acids he'd seen in the other drawers. (Which, yeah, okay, acid webs did sound pretty awesome.)
The second response is an aftercare scene. There's no sex, but there is a discussion of the sexual scene from Chapter 40, and a conversation about future fantasies.
All night Steve had planned exactly how he would bring up the Tony-AI to Peter. He would be kind but firm. He would demand the kid tell him what on Earth he’d been thinking? How could he keep something like that from them?! (From Steve! Who would have given anything just to hear Tony’s voice.)
Stark Industries is committed to the highest standards of academic integrity and honesty. AIs are urged to familiarize themselves with samples of University Codes of Student Behaviour (freely available online at any major institution) and avoid any behaviour which could potentially result in suspicions of cheating, plagiarism, misrepresentation of facts and/or participation in an offence. Academic dishonesty is a serious offence, and a violation of the central themes of the course.
What caught his eye, then, was not the ample evidence that the room had been untouched, but rather the few signs that seemed to suggest something to the contrary. The bed was made, but not with the crisp, clean lines that Peter had come to associate with professional cleaners. There was nothing personal on any of the shelves or tables, but the bottom drawer of the nightstand was slightly ajar. There was a faint mark on the top of the oak dresser that looked kind of like the ones that had once dotted the furniture in his and May’s apartment from when his aunt fell asleep with a candle burning. But that could easily be just a defect of the wood, couldn’t it? And the drawer, well maybe the wind had just kicked up or something. If Peter had learned one damn thing from the past few months, and especially from being right about Tony’s status, it was that asking questions when he wasn’t sure if he wanted the answer was a mistake. He closed Wanda’s door with an audible click and continued on his way.
“I think we’ll go with Sir for right now. I might not always be strict about it depending on what we both come to prefer, but for now I think it’ll help get you in the right mindset, help you adjust to thinking of me as a Dom that you answer to.”
“He’s not a Dom. Or a switch. He’s not actually classified at all. His world, it didn’t…work like that.” Steve had seen Natasha work enough by now to recognize the strategy, the way she dropped the most explosive information upfront to simultaneously gain trust and knock her target off-balance. This knowledge did not make him feel any less like his world had just imploded and then been put back together wrong for the second time in three days. “I’m your second, here at SHIELD and at the team. And after he died, I never made demands of you in that capacity. Forcing you to Dom before you went into dep, making you eat and drink and spend time outside his room, all of that I did solely as your partner without ever pulling rank.” Natasha Romanov Interrogation/Negotiation Strategy #2: follow up the information-drop with a seemingly unrelated claim. How was this still so effective when it felt like he was reading it out of a playbook he already knew cover to cover? “I’m pulling it now.” #3: Make the demand. Clear, short sentences; no room for misinterpretation. “I’m swapping you in to Talia’s upcoming op. You’ll go, clear your head, get some space from the Tower. And when you get back you’ll start working with a therapist. Not that hack you hired last time because you knew he’d never push you. Someone of my choosing.”
And I just want to be an idiot, your idiot, well, not yours because we broke up, but the person you knew. But on the upside there are chips here. Really good chips. I should have brought them. Maybe I should go get them now, I bet I can sneak back into the kitchen no problem.”
“It’s the Infinity War that’s still the least clear,” he added, because the near-ending of the universe felt in some ways a less painful prospect to dwell on. “We know, of course, about the Soul Stone, the reason Tony felt he had to be the one to wear the gauntlet. Clint, you told me the recovery of the stones involved time travel. We know that there were two battles with Thanos, the first of which was unsuccessful and resulted in the temporary deaths of half their world’s population. The second, of course, the Avengers and their allies won. Both wars were total and almost unimaginable in scale.”
“Nope. I’ve gotten entirely too used to my super-soldier pillow thank you very much. And that’s not actually going to solve the problem anyway, just hide it better. Jay, ask the others to meet us in the gym in fifteen minutes.”
“Tony? Focus.” The words fell from Steve’s lips as they had maybe hundreds of times before, and as they so often did, the simple direction cut through the babbling web of words Tony was spinning around himself.
“And if the matter isn’t resolved before the exhibition? Then we do it my way?” Talia wanted to agree, Steve could almost feel how badly. Shuri, a genius and a submissive-leaning switch, was somewhat of a personal hero of hers, and the chance to both please her and get the chance to attend the upcoming exhibit of medical and communications technology being hosted by Wakanda? It bordered on cruelty to put Talia in such a position in the first place. His agent squared her shoulders, took a long, deep breath. Then she looked over to Masdee, who answered the show of deference with a rare, teeth-baring smile.
“That’s—that’s smart.” And it was. While there was no guarantee that the team would face the same foes twice, it made sense for them to know everything they could about their enemies, including how to wield their tech. (It was the kind of strategic, long-term thinking Tony had expected his own Steve to display all along.)
Response 3 kind of similarly fills is in some (though by no means all) of the gaps from Chapter 30, specifically Pepper and Tony's conversation in the shop. This also involves some repurposing of some of Endgame's most painful lines, so...beware angst, if that's not just a blanket warning for this fic already baha.
The major distinction between the two universes is the presence of the hormones subtonin and Dominin in the D/s universe. The hyperstimulation of the a submissive’s anterior cingulate cortex (which, as Dr. Banner outlined in the sixth chapter, produces an intense desire to please others) can last for up to 24-72 hours, so most submissive need to remain close to their Dominants, particularly after an intense scene. They also require varying levels of praise and assurance. In the absence of these things, the submissive may experience a severe panic response, or attempt increasingly dangerous ways of proving themselves to the Dominant.
Replies to last chapter might be delayed due to the timing of the AO3 downtime today (it falls exactly when I usually post and comment), but they’re coming, I promise!
When he stepped into the living room, JARVIS immediately commenced his usual morning updates; he had always appreciated J’s grounding presence, but particularly after losing the AI in his own universe, and then all sense of normalcy after Thanos, it still brought about a special kind of contentment to hear routine words about the weather and surf conditions. Tony sighed happily and went through through the once-familiar routine of making a French press. It had been ages since he’d had time to indulge himself by preparing coffee this way, and he savoured every mundane second: the quiet hum of the bean grinder, the measuring of the coffee, the increasingly strong, earthy scent as it percolated in the glass pot, it all felt like reclaiming something he thought he’d lost forever. It came, as he suspected most pleasures always would, with a hefty dose of guilt, but even that felt just a little more bearable this morning.
“Of course not. They’re gonna find out on their own though, you know that right? And I gotta tell you man, you’ll totally deserve whatever punishment they hand out. If you were mine you wouldn’t be sittin’ properly for a couple days.” There was a quiet huff from the corner of the room, which suggested both that Dr. Chimva agreed with Rhodey
They’d gone by a different name in this universe, and without the fall of Sokovia the team had been working with far more favourable public opinion, but the question of regulation had always been inevitable. Steve and this universe's Tony had slept in separate beds for weeks at a time as they'd argued, coming together only to fulfill their biologically necessary orientational demands. There had been screaming and failed attempts at mediation and more screaming and one of the walls on the 72nd floor would probably never be the same, but the team had fought like hell to stay together, to hear one another, and to lobby for a version of the agreement that they could live with.
“I have a better idea. Rhodey’s great with guns, Clint’s right, but if he’s anything like mine, he’s an action guy and not a sniper. Set up the target right here and throw all kinds of interference in front of it; it’ll test his patience and force him to actually stay still long enough to get the right shot. Odds are he gives up and goes in guns blazing—then we blow the scaffolding.” Phil’s expression was downright gleeful as he followed Tony’s suggestions to the letter.
Have you seen the amazing artwork Verin has created for this verse? There's now two pieces, each more delightful than the last. Check it out under 'Works Inspired By This One!'
Banner and Rogers are likely currently unaware of what they each suspect about Stark’s experiences with starvation, and perhaps are hoping to be proved wrong so that they never have to voice their thoughts to the rest of their teammates.
“As always, Tony Stark, you were the very last thing any of us could ever have expected.” (Oh no, there were already tears pooling in Steve’s endlessly blue eyes. Tony was never going to make it out of this with his dignity in tact.) “I certainly never expected to love you. Contrary to what you might think, and even what I thought at the time, that had nothing to do with you and everything to do with me. I thought—I thought I had lost that part of myself forever. I was sure the most I could do was just…hold on to the people I still had, try to give them a shadow of who I used to be and hope it was enough. But not falling for you was always going to be a lost cause. How could anyone watch you, fresh off of saving one universe and throwing yourself wholeheartedly into learning another and making it better, and not be inspired? Not want to make themselves into someone worthy of even being around you? I’m still not sure I’m there yet, but I’ll try like hell every day for the rest of my life to stay worthy of you, of the partnership we all share.”
The point is, Tony came to consciousness aware that he wasn’t quite where he should be. Cautious extensions of his legs and arms brought about aches and pops more severe than the usual symptoms of his aging and battle-weary body, and a spark of pain down his neck revealed that he wasn’t lying flat, or with his head on a pillow. It was propped against something, probably the arm of a piece of furniture.
The bell rang at 3:15, though Peter was on edge in anticipation of the noise for several minutes before that. It was partly the sound; enhanced hearing was handy for things like fighting crime and sneaking out of the apartment without getting caught, but it also had a tendency to make the most mundane aspects of life almost unbearable sometimes. For some reason, Midtown’s scientifically advanced curriculum and technologies had never been extended to the noise they had chosen to signal the end of classes. The bell was shrill, endless, and Peter could have sworn that someone had gone in with sound mixing tech to add in strains of something especially unbearable, like squealing bicycle brakes or something. The sound made most of the un-enhanced students in the school, even the seniors, flinch. After the spider bite, with all of his senses turned up to eleven, it made Peter want to claw his own eardrums out. More than once he’d skipped classes not because of any Spider-Man related duties, but just to avoid having to hear the damn bell one more time.
“Yeah. He’d go to to NICUs and PICUs, hold kids whose parents weren’t there, or needed a break. He’d be there for hours sometimes. I think…I think she must have known, somehow, or at least sensed that while any of us would respond badly to her bringing a kid into the fight, Tony would stop at
Steve makes a West Wing-inspired decision, and ends up encountering someone he doesn't expect. Meanwhile, Tony makes a visit to an old frenemy.
Sam has wanted to punch Bucky numerous times in the course of their relatively short relationship, but never more so than right now. He always does this. He always waits, bides his time, letting Sam do the groundwork and then swooping in to ask the question Sam hadn’t realized needed asking.
A lollipop (was that a chupa-chup? Tony hadn’t seen one of those since he was a kid) danced into his field of vision. He wasn’t honestly much of a sweets guy usually, but something about it seemed strangely appealing just then, so he made a grab for the stick and stuck the candy in his mouth as he kept an eye on the diagram of—wait, had Mark II seriously made Cap a photon-based shield? Had this version of Rogers actually accepted something like that, so contemporary and reminiscent of the technology of Tony himself rather than his father?
“I…it was.” He swallowed, and appealed to Coulson which what had to be a truly pathetic expression. “Yes, I’ve thought about it a lot. I just…it’s a lot. To take in.”
Now, I don’t wish to speculate about the cause of the omission, mainly because forcing myself to identify with Stark is simply undesirable. However, I would note that Stark’s reaction to learning about the diverging fate of the Ultron program in this universe may be relevant and worth considering.
But he just couldn’t see any other way forward. He’d seen enough over the past couple of days to realize that the others had already become attached to the new arrival. Just this morning he’d walked into the penthouse kitchen to find
Tony had told Peter things over the years, too. Not much about Steve, because there had still been so much anger there for so many years, but every once in a while he’d let things slip. Steve’s ability to make speeches had definitely come up. But Peter had never given the matter much thought, because he’d imagined the guy sounding somewhat like a mix of a TED talk and old-fashioned War propaganda, and those horrible PSAs from school, and none of them were particularly appealing. Turned out even the most jaded aspects of Peter’s Gen Z upbringing had not prepared him for Captain America in his element.
“What, like SHIELD agents? That’s so not fair! You said you weren’t going to try to force me to join, or use them to interfere—”
“Whassa last thing you guys talked about?” Clint demanded. He loved Phil Coulson and had done for so long he’d long since forgotten what it was like
say what I think you’re about to say or I swear I’ll disable your communications with everyone in the Tower but Drama. And, fair warning, she’s newly obsessed with trying to steal Steve’s coin collection.” It blew Tony’s mind sometimes that he had ended up with someone who possessed an honest-to-Thor
My feelings about my own role…well, as one would imagine, they’re complicated. There was little love lost between Stark and I, but I still regretted that this was the only possible ending to his story. He deserved better from this universe.
“Talia may not be the only one of our agents who would benefit from this approach. If you’re interested, Masdee, I would like you to run a pilot program through SHIELD. You’d screen potential applicants, both Doms and subs, you’d train them in whatever ways you deem suitable. The program would be entirely under your direction. And I want to stress that while I don’t pretend to be disinterested in yours or Agent Avelino’s potential to gain personally from this arrangement, my aims are larger than that. The world has more to learn from Wakanda than advanced technology.”
Though the stiff formality of Tony’s request for an appointment had given him pause, Phil is ultimately grateful for the warning it provides about the other man’s arrival. While what he was doing was not technically illegal or unethical, his actions also weren’t something we would have chosen to advertise to Tony.
By the time Bruce came, painting Tony’s chest and face with ejaculate, Tony was down so far that any words beyond ‘please’ and various combinations of their names seemed to be escaping him. When Clint got hip up onto all fours and slipped a well-lubed finger inside of him, his knees very nearly buckled.
The team went through the same checks, asked the same kinds of questions Rhodey had and more until the anticipation was damn near killing Tony. He was very close to snapping at them to just get the fuck on with it already (which was probably not the best move for someone in his position) when Steve placed a large hand across his lower back and started to speak in that low, precise tone that practically screamed Dominance.
“I was so jealous when Bruce told us about the first time he’d done this,” he murmured while Tony nibbled at a blackberry from between his fingers. “I’m not a jealous person for the most part, especially with the team, but the thought of him getting to do this, hearing him talk about how beautifully you responded—and now I get to do this for you. I’m so lucky, and so grateful, honey.”
“I got a few tricks up my sleeve. I gotta go the washroom, though, c’mere and sit with him.” Bucky’s eagerness was plain, but he hesitated, his usual unwillingness to interact much with Tony outside of his own submissive headspace just barely holding him back . “He is to me what Steve is to you. Believe me when I tell you I would never let you or anybody else harm him.”
“Did you see him, yourself?’ Harley wanted to know as he wiped his nose on his coat. Strange winced and conjured a box of tissues. “Is he really okay?”
Rogers was carrying something, too, and against all logic and common sense, Tony’s stomach gave a lurch. (Had he and this version of Rogers really been better with one another, worked through all their shit and—) He didn’t even have time to finish the thought. Rogers took one look at Tony and
“Course we do. Only you and Bruce are allowed to use the particle accelerator without supervision. C’mon, fire it up so we can get going on some more arc reactors, yeah?” Clint was rubbing his hands together and talking about Tony’s particle accelerator with the same unrestrained glee he usually displayed with the arrival of new arrows or pranks against his teammates.
JARVIS had tried a number of tactics to get his attention over the past several…hours? Days, maybe? This was the first one that really worked, though. Tony sat up from his place on the floor so quickly that he smacked the top of his head on the workbench.
“Are you under-eating because you feel like we’re trying to express Dominance over you by providing it? Or is something else going on?” Bruce had waited to ask the question until Tony’s plate, which was still just over half-full, was in his hands. Denying it would have been beyond pointless, and Tony didn’t bother.
For once, the space was entirely empty, though evidence of the team’s recent presence was everywhere. Clint’s Calvin and Hobbes coffee mug was on the table, the blanket Natasha always favoured when she was injured lay bunched on top of one of the armchairs. As Tony traced the room, his eyes fell on the purple kneeling pillow. It had been shunted off to the corner once it had become clear that Tony wouldn’t have any need for it, but now he dragged it back to the centre and stood over it, peering down at the thing like it was an unexploded bomb.
“Let’s start with the…less good news. I know that all of us were anxious to find out to what extent these recent submissive episodes of Tony’s look to be signifiers of a pattern. The contract he sent over doesn’t contain enough information for me to feel comfortable making a call either way on that. Tony lacks experience and knowledge in many or most areas related to both sexual and non-sexual submission. He doesn’t seem to have any sense at all how he’ll respond to pain, for instance, or to what degree he’d be interested in practicing submission outside of isolated scenes.” The team deflated just slightly, as Phil had known they would. They all so desperately wanted some kind of evidence that they weren't forcing Tony into a mold that truly didn’t fit him that anything but decisive proof that he was a born submissive was always going to be a let down. “But he’s expressing a willingness to experiment with a wide range of options. His only current hard limits are scat, breathplay, and harsh humiliation. There are several other soft limits that you can review, and I’ve made a few notes about other scenarios I think we should avoid for the time being.”
