The line went silent, and Pierce turned towards Tony, anger writ across his face. He held down the button on the radio. “Team Two, check on Team One.”
So now he waited. Waited to be told Mr Rogers was to be married and would be leaving he and Peter alone in his big empty house, with no one to keep him company or keep his son smiling so often.
Tony huffed. Perhaps there was some truth in that. “I just don’t want you to be disappointed. But it’s not just about you. I want another one too. Peter’s getting so big. I want to hear another first word, see another first step. I want Peter to have a sister or a brother, so he isn’t alone like I was.”
The deep exhaustion of loss and grief, and the earth-shattering amount of energy it took to deal with culture shock nearly every day.
Alright, this was getting a little too sappy for Bucky’s tastes. He backed out quietly as Tony leaned over to place his hand on Steve’s cheek. “You are the sweetest man, I swear to god.” He leaned in for a kiss and Bucky slipped out the door leaving them to it, a little smile on his face.
“I will go if you
Rhodey stared. “That’s some high level of Special Ops at least. I don’t recognise the model, and I had pretty high clearance.”
“What the hell is going on here?”
“It’s not,” Steve shook his head, hissing as he lay the cool cloth on his arm. “But I will make it so.”
Suddenly there was a hand at his elbow, holding him up. “Are you alright?”
He was a mess. No nicer way to put it. His eyes were red-rimmed, and he looked exhausted and just, so, so sad. It made Steve’s heart break a little.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Quite a pitch.”
“No, it’s not your fault. I gave you every reason to doubt. But when I heard you were in trouble, I couldn’t stay away.” Steve looked at him, eyes serious. “Fury didn’t even try. He knew I’d come anyway.”
He didn’t even look at Tony as he headed into the bookshop and through to the apartment stairs. When he got to the living room he packed his clothes into his duffel, all the while trying to memorise every single detail. He was happy here, like he hadn’t been since he’d woken up, hell, since before Bucky had died.
Readjust. Like he was just an ordinary soldier returned home from a tour. There was a big difference though, between a few years away from home and seventy.
Steve had never been able to deny Tony anything.
“Yes?”
“Thanks Bruce,” he told the Alpha, who didn’t look like he’d had much sleep if the bags under his eyes were anything to go by. “Really, I don’t know how to repay you.”
“Oh, I’ll miss you too.” She gave him another tight squeeze before she pulled away, dabbing her eyes with her handkerchief. “But come, I’ve taken up too much of your time, and you need to pack. Jarvis is taking you in the morning?”
“Hey Ma,” he said, as he answered. “ No, I did not need a reminder, I know it’s 10am.”
He’d gotten an apartment and made sure to go out and try and be social.
“I said no.” Tony hugged the plant closer. “We can’t leave it here.”
And Tony...well, Tony was gorgeous. Well toned, soft, dark hair that Steve wanted to run his fingers through. He was shorter, just a bit, enough that if Steve took him in his arms he could wrap him up safe and tuck him under his chin. And his eyes.
He carried on, holding Peter close. Steve would come back, Peter would be fine, and they’d be a family just like always.
“Oh good. I’ll let Ana know to set another place.” He headed up towards the front steps and was through the door before Steve could decline the invitation again. Guess he was staying for dinner.
He awoke at first light, the sound of the front door banging shut.
“I’m not blaming you, it’s not your fault, we’re just fucked. I can’t believe the three-legged hero cat chose Jimmy Fallon over us!”
The sheriff didn’t seem too concerned, however, so Tony tried to push it from his mind. He focused on the kissing, trying to mimic the rhythm and movements.
“More,” Tony gasped. “More!”
“Are you ok?” He asked, kneeling down beside him. Even his tail looked sad.
“What are you doing?” Tony asked, confused. Perhaps the sheriff was going to smuggle it outside in pieces to give to the pigs.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” Tony muttered as he tried to bring the broom under control, the city was becoming more obvious now as they plummeted, rain soaked and heavy, and Tony leaned, trying to send them to a safe spot. He could see the slight rise of the hill the bakery was on and aimed for it. He pulled up hard to slow their speed as they got near, and the shift in force sent them spinning. Tony grabbed Jarvis and tucked him safely into the cage of his arms and closed his eyes as they braced for impact.
Finally, Betty came in to send them home.
Steve must’ve spotted him as well because he lifted a hand up in greeting and Tony gave him a smile.
“I’m sorry you’re having such a rough time,” Steve said in his ear. “But you’re doing so well! I couldn’t do what you’re doing. I couldn’t even do what
He fixed kitchen appliances, cars, toys, industrial machinery -- on anything mechanical, he used his magic touch, much to the delight of the townsfolk.
Honestly, he should’ve turned around and left as soon as he saw the guy. He was so clearly a douchey finance type and Tony had already been turned off by him bragging about his job perks.
They stepped into the busy square, making their way to a fountain in the middle. Tony could feel butterflies in his stomach as he stepped up onto the lip of the fountain. “Hello!” he announced, as loud as he could, spreading his arms wide to show off his robes and the broom in his hand. “I have come to your city on my Witch’s Journey. I will be an asset to your town, and I bring my own form of spellwork: techmagic!” He waited, feeling the triumph of following the old traditions and making his mark flash through him. He was a proper witch, and he was going to--
Tony gasped. “What?”
Tony leaned down and picked Peter up, resting the kid on his hip, smiling when Peter buried his face into Tony’s shoulder. “Yeah someone’s tired. We better get home.”
“Sure,” Tony managed. “I’ll be delighted.”
“I’d love that,” Tony told him honestly. He liked Steve’s voice and he was eager to hear it, and he loved that Steve had thought about what might entertain him. “But please, let me clean up. It’s my job after all.” Steve had been generous so far, but Tony couldn’t afford to start off on the wrong foot.
“Me?”
Stíofán gave his hips a buck, making Tony drop his hands to Stíofán’s chest to keep his balance. “Can you?”
And then they’d had a moment, just a small one, where they’d talked, and he’d revealed hidden parts of himself to Steve, and he’d been so close, so close to saying-- well, it was for the best, really, that’s Mrs Aberforth had interrupted, before the delight of the evening had made Steve’s tongue loose in a way he couldn’t take back.
Stíofán hissed in sympathy. “Let me grab a cup of water for him, you give him this.”
“It’s brave,” Steve insisted. “No one’s born knowing everything. What matters is being able to change when you realise you can do better.”
Tony gave him a dirty look, biting his lip as Stíofán drove in again. Stíofán could almost see the sound trying to escape. He tilted his angle, and went again, harder still and this time Tony moaned.
“I think you’re bluffing.”
“I mean, you know this already. It's just the last month or so since his last heat, he's been more down on it than usual. He hasn’t said anything specific, but I think it's 'cause he got a letter from Pepper letting him know they're expecting their third. Hit him hard.” Steve sighed. “I don't know how to make him feel better. I'd love another, but if we never did, I'd be happy with what I've been given and grateful for every moment I have with them. I think he sees it as a failure.”
The man’s face twitched slightly, but then he smiled. “Lovely to meet you. I hope you like beef.”
Tony felt a little thrill at the use of his new name. It would take some getting used to. “I would like nothing more.”
“I’ll try my best for you. I promise.”
Steve brushed a hand through his hair. He didn’t think it looked too bad. “What’s wrong with mine?”
He grabbed Antonius by the hips to keep him still, the faun whining in his ear. “I need to move, please.”
“You’re just playing hard to get,” the alpha said, and Tony felt his hand on his thigh for a second time. Unlike before though, he didn’t freeze. Instead, he kicked out his foot, striking the man hard in his alphahood, and making him howl in pain. “Why you little--”
“It won’t fit in the car.”
Antonius looked defiant but then sighed. “I’m an Aquileian Fainting Satyr.”
“Partly?”
Tony chuckled. “Ah yes, I've heard of this, I think I might have just the notion.” And with that, he leaned in, pressing his lips against Steve’s.
Tony squeaked in surprise, his arms coming up to wrap around S’Teve’s neck as he kissed him back.
Everyone knew. Everyone knew the sheriff didn’t want him like that, and that he wouldn’t be bringing any pups into the world.
He didn’t have any other choice.
They landed a fair distance from where the blob was based, arriving to a large group of soldiers dressed in full tactical gear, and several SHIELD agents. Steve stepped off the helicopter, accepting a salute from the agent in charge, who he recognised as Maria Hill.
He didn’t exactly have a plan B. What if Mr Rogers didn’t come?
“He’s sweet.”
He turned towards the sound of his name and saw his friend Janet waving to him. He walked across the room to join her. “Jan, you look incredible.”
“The little pup realised that you can’t get good TV in the woods,” Maria told him, rolling her eyes. “Or pizza.”
“What’s what?”
Tony followed him out, watching the two lawmen gallop off before following Steve’s advice. He tried to go back to sleep, but he was unable to drift off, so as soon as the sun was up he got out of bed to start the day.
Tony felt a rush of denial, not wanting to be separated from Steve. He wanted to protest, but he realised that the deputy had played him, gently shepherding him out to the street.
Eventually, the hall began to fill with the other gladiators. Many of them took seats at the same table as Stíofán. Most of them were fine, and Stíofán got on with them well, but a couple had always rubbed him the wrong way, and he knew they resented him for working so hard to earn money, sometimes at their expense.
“Huh?”
“Happy, definitely happy,” Stíofán rumbled - it was hard to get the words out. “I didn’t expect...but it’s good, it’s-- it’s everything I ever wanted.”
They’d both changed, maybe…
Steve’s jaw dropped. “Oh my god!” He looked down at the bike, his grin widening till it almost split his face. “You’re amazing.”
Bucky snorted. “Nothing I haven’t seen before, pal. Save it for Stark.” He lowered the tripod. “Also for your information, bearskin isn’t as comfortable as it looks.”
He smiled, feeling a sense of accomplishment as he walked back indoors. His eyes flitted to the clock on the mantle and his jaw dropped. Two hours??
It was a little bit of a blur if Tony was honest. It was just strange that half an hour ago he had been on the train being harassed by that horrid stranger, and now here he was, signing his new name on the marriage certificate for the clerk to file.
Steve’s cheeks reddened slightly, but he smiled and nodded. “I sure hope so.”
“Don’t you think you’re getting ahead of yourself?” Stíofán asked, pushing his sweaty hair behind his horns. “What if he gets here and realises what a slob you are? What doe wants to raise kids amongst your hoof trimmings?”
“Apologies, Captain, it seems one of the support pillars has -“ JARVIS voice fizzled out as the lightbulbs overhead popped and everything went dark around them.
“Is there a problem?”
“Dad! Dad! Dad!”
“You didn’t make me cry, Steve,” Tony told him, feeling stupidly light now. “It felt good, I liked it, but it was my first day here, and I had just traveled across the country, met my new husband, and gotten married, and now he was making me feel something I’d never felt before. I was just overtired and overwhelmed.”
“I want us to mate,” Tony told him, trying to keep his voice low and intimate, but making sure he couldn’t be misunderstood. “I want you inside me.”
Dad’s phone started ringing and he glanced at it before he picked up. “It’s your nana.”
He had to grab something from the general store.
Not just Peggy, Bucky and the Howlies, but
The man beneath the cart’s face was going red as he struggled, and it was that which prompted Tony to action. He ran over, sliding to his knees as he inspected the problem. All the weight was on one side, and every time someone tried to remove any of the boxes, the pinned man gurgled alarmingly. They needed the cart gone, and it needed to be gone fast. He could see underneath the way the wood had twisted with the pressure and came to a conclusion as his brain pieced together the solution.
“Yeah?” His elbow got caught and he flailed.
“Outstandingly so, Sir,” JARVIS deadpanned and Tony nodded quickly.
“Okay, listen here, Romanoff -”
“Then good luck Stíofán, you’ll need it.”
He started pushing the bike down the highway, feeling the heat on his shoulders and the sweat forming on the back of his neck. Thank god he was so close to his destination.
“I’m sure it’s not-”
“Dodger!” Peter cheered. The dog growled at the snake, keeping himself between it and Peter. He made a few warning nips at it, barking the whole time.
“‘Course,” Steve rasped. “I had scarlet fever as a kid, when my health was poorly. I nearly died because I was so weak. Did I pass that on to him? Is this my fault?”
“Oh, forgive my manners. I’m Mrs Wilson.”
“Oh right, this is— Sam, Sam — this is my bonded Sam, Sam this is Tony.”
Then he’d met Peggy and she was...amazing. No one else mattered after that, and he’d been sure they’d get married and have a family, and with that, no one needed to know.
“Shhhhh!” Tony said, slapping a hand over Rhodey’s mouth - or trying to, but it was more of a flail. “He might hear you.”
“Tomorrow I have to help with the new housebuilding,” Stíofán told the kids as he pulled the blanket over them as they snuggled up together. “Remember? For Bucky and his new doe. He arrives by next moon and we have to be ready.”
It was hard to keep his face blank, but he managed - years of society training hadn’t been for nothing. “I don’t know what you mean. The sheriff and I are very happy.”
He cursed not being taught anything about practical housekeeping (his upbringing geared towards the different skills needed to be a society spouse with servants), but he’d be damned if he couldn’t work it out. He had the book Ana had given him tucked away in his bag, that she’d said would help him learn the ropes. He’d show the alpha that it wasn’t a mistake bringing him here, or he would die trying.
“Your father owed me weapons. If I have to take my pound of flesh from the son instead I will,” Pierce growled, and his attention was on Tony for just long enough for the man in blue to land a solid punch to Pierce’s jaw, knocking him to the floor.
Tony was grateful for Jarvis’ warmth against his chest as they curled up, waiting for the morning light.
He’d planned on taking Ana, but Peter was dead weight in his arms, and he knew that he was never going to be able to get him up on the horse. He’d take the cart, but the wheel had come loose last week, and they were still waiting on it to be fixed.
“I’m talking to you, omega, ain’t you going to give me a smile at least?”
“Jesus Rogers, if you’d keep your head out of the clouds we wouldn’t be able to mess with you,” one remarked, tone mocking. “Think less about what’s up there and more about how dangerous it is for you on the ground.”
“For a guy who looks like butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth, you clearly have no problem with cheating.”
in his will.”
“I think so.” He tried to push himself up, but his leg felt tender. “Ow.”
His sleep was broken, and he woke often, always checking Steve still slept soundly. He was going to make sure he got better.
Stíofán pulled on a clean
Tony looked confused. “Meant to?”
Rhodey laughed as they closed the door. “Holy shit. I think we sold double the day’s usual takings. Trust me when I say you don’t have to worry about paying any kind of board.”
“Betty,” Steve greeted, running purely on reflex rather than any real enthusiasm. “Where’s-”
The easiest would be to simply extend his time in the
Of late, however, Tony had become aware of an...attachment. It had started without his notice at first.
“I’m not sick. I was just bone tired. I feel better this morning, less like my heart is ready to leap out of my throat.” He sighed. “I was worried we might lose him. Our only pup. And I--I know I haven’t been able to…” he petered off, unable to speak past the lump in his throat.
He forced those thoughts from his head. That wasn’t something he could dwell on right now.
“I’m dusting! Maids dust!”
Dating as an unbonded was tough.
“Steve, did you know that there are four hundred types of dogs. That’s so many. That’s as many as can fit in my room,” Peter said, shovelling food into his mouth like Tony never fed him.
He was right, a sword came swinging towards him and he intercepted it with the shield. It made a loud
“I’m good, thanks.”
“You got it, Sheriff.” Tony grabbed a little dish for water and a few scraps of meat from dinner to feed the pup, who wolfed them down eagerly.
Steve felt like the world was turning upside down and inside out. Everything he’d assumed was slipping away, leaving Tony looking at him earnestly, and to be honest, a little heated.
Tony sighed, closing his eyes for a moment, before turning back and opening his mouth to speak to Steve. However, instead of seeing all those muscles up close, he instead caught sight of Steve sprinting away down the street. That guy was in a hurry - he almost took out an old lady who waved an annoyed umbrella at him - and disappeared around the corner before Tony could even really register what he was seeing.
He realised Tony had finished speaking and was looking at him expectantly. “That’s great. That you get to do what makes you happy.”
“Brrrrrr,” Tony said with a shiver. “It’s so cold out there, how is it so cold?”
“It’s fine, just a scratch,” Stíofán said, but let Tony dab it away. Then it dawned on him what he’d just done.
Stíofán snorted. “If you say so.”
“Ok, but what if you need to de-lint your clothes for a meeting with the dean? Have you thought about that?”
“Yeah. I’ll be there in twenty.”
The scowl deepened. “Dr Banner said I must remain in bed for at least a week.”
“It was,” Stíofán said, not for the first time lamenting over leaving.
“Thank you,” Tony managed, feeling a little overwhelmed.
The sheriff’s face darkened. “Who's going to be saying that?”
Steve’s hand came up to rest on his forehead, and his expression cleared, his shoulders relaxing. “Morning,” he rumbled.
“I thought you were meant to be a pillar of the community. I can’t believe it turns out I’ve taken up with a common coffee boiler who’s so quick to shirk his duties.”
“You seem to be operating under a misapprehension that you’re in charge here. Let me tell you, if you don’t start being more helpful, I’ll order Rumlow here to start shooting civilians.”
“You wish,” Steve muttered, but obediently braced his arms and looked back, trying to think about how he looked when he was looking at Tony.
“Really, Steve, you must have the gravy. It is Edwin’s specialty.”
Tony could feel the blood rushing to his cheeks. This was so awkward! He hadn't seen Steve since the incident with the party, though Steve had tried to see him, Tony knew. He’d just always managed to be out when he’d swung by, as Sam made sure to tell him. But here he was now, standing in front of Tony wearing the cute glasses and an oversized t-shirt, looking shocked.
After dinner, Ana tried to get him to stay but he politely declined. He needed to be back on the road. Ana hugged him and told him to visit again and Edwin walked him out, giving him a little pack of leftovers he hadn’t seen the older man put together but was grateful for.
Tony scowled. “Steve only wants to talk to me because he’s obsessed with flying. You said so yourself.”
“Sorry.” His hand trailed through Tony’s hair without thought, pushing it out of the way. It wasn’t until Tony looked at him wide-eyed that he realised what he’d done.
“Ba-ah-ah-ahhhhhhhh!” Tony howled, each thrust seeming to knock the air out of him. Stíofán forced him onto the tip of his hooves, liking the way it held him in place.
“You're the worst kind of bully, and I gotta tell you, Hodge, there is nothing in the world I hate more than an alpha who uses his strength to hurt others. This is my final warning.”
“Hi, it’s my bike, she sort of gave up on me just outside of town. Not sure what’s going on.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. That must've been scary.”
Tony groaned, looking up at Stíofán with big sad eyes.
“Ok,” Stíofán said, giving Tony a nuzzle. He tucked a leg over Tony’s, feeling warm when Tony clicked their hooves together. “Just a few more weeks. Then this’ll all be over.” One way or another.
Tony reached out and took his hand, resting it on his stomach. “Trust me.”
“YES! I mean, yes. Let’s - well, you go ahead. I’ll bank the fire and join you shortly.”
“Yeah, I'm fine, just got a little excited there for a second,” the doe said, looking embarrassed. Stíofán grabbed the small pitcher of wine and offered it to him, watching with interest the way his throat moved as he drank.
“And that’s why I have Jarvis. So I don’t see what the problem is.” He sat down, digging into his own breakfast.
Her dad was breathing a little easier now and he looked at her with a grin. “Course she got in. They would’ve been stupid not to.”
Tony snorted. “A tasty mush, though I was allowed to add a little fig to yours. Fury was impressed with your fight.”
Tiberius gave him a look, but Stíofán simply smiled. Tony relaxed against him, and Stíofán wrapped one arm around his waist to brace him. “What do we have this morning?”
“Perhaps,” Tony started, the warmth of the Sheriff’s arm beginning to soak into his skin, “you might call me Tony. It’s what my family calls me.”
had made it clear that within the walls of the
Steve hummed happily. “Pleased to oblige.”
Tony thought back. He had seen something when they came in, something large and white near the water, but he hadn’t given much thought to it.
“Oh Tony,” Steve moaned, and Tony couldn’t help but preen. “You feel so good, so hot and tight.” He thrust a few more times, before pulling out and patting Tony’s leg soothingly at his whine. “Turn over sweetheart, come on.”
Tony still looked upset, but he snuggled into Stíofán anyway, letting himself be held.
Maybe-George considered him. “You know it’s rare to find someone to date who doesn’t care about it all. Kind of refreshing.” He leaned forward, and Tony found himself mirroring it without thought.
Steve groaned, embarrassed. He’d seen the pictures of himself, all over Tony as the alpha tried to escort him out. He’d made such a spectacle. “I’m really sorry about that.”
His omega instincts were overwhelmed at the sight of Tony, an attractive, compatible alpha, coming to his aid and protecting him from harm. He didn’t know why it was different here, he and Tony fought alongside each other all the time and it hardly garnered this kind of response, but something about the lack of the fight, a normal situation where Tony had done it simply because he wanted to rescue Steve, made it undeniably sexy.
Tony supposed in hindsight that he’d gotten used to Steve being fine. He’d gone on one or two more raids since their argument over the first one, and each time Steve came home without anything more than a few bruises or sore muscles from the long ride.
“Yes!” Peter squealed, running over to take it. He turned and threw it clumsily, Dodger darting the few metres over to it dutifully though it was hardly a challenge. Steve laughed, and Tony tried not to stare.
Jarvis jumped off the bed and trotted over to a small pile of items. “My collar for identification, my blanket for sleeping and of course, my squeaky mouse. All accounted for.”
“Alright Pipsqueak?” Sam asked, handing her a burger.
Deputy Wilson’s voice came muffled from outside. “Marshall’s in town. There’s a gang he’s chasing, and they’ve fled into the hills. He needs our help.”
When they walked home, Steve carried the mail home in one arm, his other around Tony until Tony gave him a nudge.
“See! He did it!” Hugh said pointing at his brother. “See Da?”
He shifted a little, trying to ease the feeling, and he let the damp cloth swipe across Steve's torso, carefully gliding around the bandaged wound.
He shook his head.
Tony accepted the shake, trying to gather himself after the surprise. Now that he had a moment, he let himself look over the Sheriff, the man who was to be his alpha.
Tony shifted in his lap, rocking slowly at first, but apparently needing more soon enough. Their skin slapped together as Tony rode him, almost desperately, crying out when Steve used his leverage to meet him thrust for thrust.
“When I get enough, I’m gone.”
He rolled over burying his face in the pillow and fell asleep to the thought of Steve’s pretty eyes.
Tony handed him the address and Steve smiled. “This is the place. Sam must’ve sent something for me.”
One chapter to go! ❤️
The launch had been a total success, and he couldn’t be happier. Hell, Pepper, wonderful Pepper and her tenacity had gotten him a photo of him shaking hands with Taylor Swift while she cuddled with Alpine and showed off her Stark Cat Prosthetic.
“It’s atonement, for living a life funded by blood money.”
Tony’s eyes lit up. “Ah well, if you’re a cat lover, I can help. Since you’ve got some time to kill while Sam checks over your bike, I’m due for my lunch, and I get mine next door, you wanna join me?”
He tried to think of the meals Ana made: the ones he liked best, and the ones she’d let him help make when he was just a little one. “I like sponge cake, and I made gingerbread once.”
“Wait, Steve, wait!” And then there was a tug on his case, and the zipper gave way. Steve looked back to see Tony, wide-eyed, the case hanging open and his shield visible to every onlooker on the street.
He chased after him still too far away to stop him and watch as Peter flung his arms around the dog’s neck, so close to its mouth and for a second he had a horrible flash of what would happen if the dog wasn’t kid-friendly…
, he didn’t want him anymore? For all he’d been confident in front of Pepper, he despised the idea of having to return home in shame, a scandalous divorcé.
“Um, Steve?” Tony squeaked, and then he breathed in. “Holy shit, you’re in heat!”
“Really? For what?” Steve asked dubiously, and Bucky averted his eyes.
Until the ten masked men had burst in the doors, waving guns and shouting “this is a hostage situation.”
As he lay there, he couldn’t help but wish Steve was here. Not in danger, of course: he’d never wish that. But the warmth of Pepper’s thigh against his sore cheek reminded him of lazy Sundays in his bed, Steve holding him and running his hand through his hair as he checked the news. Then they’d make their way to the kitchen, unable to keep their hands to themselves as they made brunch, curling up on the couch together while Tony tinkered and Steve sketched.
“Tank! Now!”
“I didn’t say he wasn’t. I said we had to let him find his own limit.”
Steve nodded his agreement. Natasha's life before Sam had been difficult, and she still found it hard when their work took them away. Steve knew from Sam that it left her unsettled and irritable, with little to distract her, and that Sam hated to be the cause of her distress.
“We were just shamelessly mocking your grieving parents.” Carol offered and J.J sighed.
“It was so kind of the deputy to assist you in such an intimate moment,” Mr Murphy commented, casually brushing non-existent dust from his sleeve. The man wasn’t even trying to be subtle, the damn snake.
“Goodnight sir.”
It was tough without a broom, adding to his travel time for each job, but he made it work. He was exhausted, but it felt good, like he was achieving something. He fell into bed each day after dinner was shoved into him by Sam, who seemed more and more concerned each day, but Tony couldn’t stop. Not now he had momentum, and he was showing off his skills.
“Seems like you’re on board. Chop chop.” Tony got up pulling on a shirt.
Peter was a heavy weight in his arms, the ache in his shoulders becoming sharp and biting, but he didn't dare stop. He couldn't stop, not until he reached the town and got help. He saw the big tree to the right that told him he was almost halfway, and he felt a heady combination of relief and disappointment. Relief that he was making some headway and that he was closer to town, but disappointment there was still so far to go.
We're back baby! Hope you enjoy this bonus chapter!
Antonius must’ve noticed his discomfort because he gave him a smile. “Really, don’t worry. I was expecting much worse than this. Selling my body by the port, or at worst being stuck with that behemoth Ivor or one of those old, ugly bucks here. Doing this with you isn’t when the buck in question is a looker.”
The radio gave a burst of static in his hand. “
They ended up at the saloon, as apparently, a rescue was enough to break the rules on omegas drinking inside, and Tony was given a few shots of whiskey and many toasts. Steve stayed glued to his side, the warmth of his body ever-present.
“Of course, can’t have our alphas going hungry can we?”
Tony snorted, his hands covering his face, and Stíofán found himself charmed as he watched him turn red with laughter, the sound muffled.
“Fiancé?” The alpha frowned. “I think you’re lying. What kind of alpha would leave his intended waiting on the platform, without a chaperone? No,” he leaned closer and took a sniff. Tony flinched, panic rolling through his stomach. “I think you’re trying to get rid of me. But I tell you, I’m not someone who runs away just because an O is a little shy. I can make you-“
When he reached the Sheriff’s office, he tapped tentatively on the door. It was all well and good trying to make sure his alpha was fed, but he didn’t want to be a bother.
“Please,” Tony said, letting a little of his earlier worry seep in. “I was sure something worse had befallen you, and I admit it left me quite shaken.”
The drive from Nevada to Cedar Grove took Steve a few days.
What if the Sheriff was hurt? Surely one of the deputies would come to tell him? Unless they were hurt too.
“It’s so much,” Antonius moaned, rising up and down faster. Stíofán wondered if his tail was wagging. He hoped it was.
“That’s great Steve,” Tony told him, and he meant it. Steve had always been made for better things than war and it sounded like he was on the right track. “Really it is.”
And huh. Stíofán hadn’t really thought of that. He could never afford two.
“Good delivery?”
Both he and Tiberius looked up to see Tony standing there, placing the last of the bowls out. “Your breakfast. Should still be hot.”
“Then why did you -”
“Thursday?”
Cap gave the crowd a little salute before disappearing with the other avengers
“No it’s fine,” Tony told him, pouring coffee from the carafe into his favourite mug. “Well, actually it’s not. I don’t mind that you have to travel, but it’s just starting to be weird that you have all these last-minute trips that you won’t tell me anything about.”
Maria nodded. She knew the story. She knew that getting pregnant, with twins no less, had been hard on Dad at first. And half the town had told her how he and Pops had danced around each other for the better part of a year before they got together.
“I can’t,” Steve said, and for a moment he hated the way he could take charge and hide himself away because he desperately wanted to show Tony how much he didn’t want to go, but what good would it do? It wouldn’t change anything. “I’ve appreciated your kindness.”
He wished again that Steve was there - for all he didn't blame him that sometimes he had to go away for work. But why did he have to go away now?
Steve turned just enough to give him a frown. “I know I phrased it as a question, but I wasn’t actually -”
“I was meant to take over my family’s company, we work in weapons for the military, and that was always the plan. But I went with my father on a business trip to Afghanistan, and we were ambushed. I got hit by shrapnel, nearly died. And when I got back I realised I didn’t want to hurt people anymore. My heart was fucked, so I built myself a pacemaker, and then realised that maybe other people could use it too. And so I gave up my trust fund, and Rhodey came with me and we started
Tony quirked his head. “Maybe you don’t have to choose? Maybe you can be happy and still do what you need to do. Work can’t be all you live for.” He snorted. “Well, unless you’re me. But at least mine comes with kittens.”
Their voices got quieter as they moved away, and S’Teve was left staring down at his PADD, even as his Lanovian counterpart was still enthusiastically explaining their secure databases. They hadn’t noticed S’Teve’s preoccupation, what he had just heard swirling in his mind.
Bucky was the first to react. “Good lord!” Then he burst into laughter, even as Steve tugged Tony to his feet and scowled. “Jesus, Stevie. Save it for home will ya’?”
Steve sat by the fire, gun resting across his knees as he took watch.
Steve frowned. “Alright, he can stay next to the stove when it's cold but not on our bed. That’s off limits.”
“Yeah, I know the type.” He held out a hand. “I’m Steve.”
The first fifty miles speeding down the highway may not have fixed everything, but it was still the best he’d felt since he’d woken up.
“Didn’t stop them robbing four banks in as many weeks.”
Steve blushed again. “Sam and Rhodey told you huh?”
in front of those omegas?”
He tucked Tony into bed, tucking the furs around him and putting a hand on his forehead. “You don’t have a fever.”
He wrapped the pie in a cloth and tucked it into a basket before darting off to get changed into his best for the dance. He put on his corset for the first time in a while. He didn’t usually bother when he was simply cleaning or mending, and he frowned as it hurt more than he remembered. Had it really been so long without it?
“You heard right! Here, look.”
He had been teaching Peter scales on the
Tony grit his teeth. “That’s not any of your business.”
That earned him a happy kiss, and Tony smiled into it, peppering his alpha’s jaw and neck with them. Eventually, though, he wanted more, and he lifted his hips to slide against Steve’s making them both shudder.
“I’m sure he figured an omega from New York didn’t know much about it,” Tony said with a snort. “His loss.”
Steve’s jaw dropped. “I was the jerk? You were the one who stepped in to ‘help’ and then used it as an opportunity to insult me.”
Tony opened his mouth to make Steve’s excuses and let the man leave, but to his surprise, Steve was eager in his agreement.
Tony tucked Jarvis’ belongings into his rucksack and slipped the bag onto his back, feeling the weight and nodding. “We can fly with this, no problem.”
“That feels—- baaaaaaaaaa!”
It felt like coming home.
“The deputy’s omega?”
Still nothing.
“By yourself? That’s a mite risky, wouldn’t you say?” The man took a seat next to Tony. “I heard a lot of omegas were coming west to keep alphas...
Maria twirled the spear a few times, getting used to the weight before jerking it forward to see it pop back into place. “It’s amazing. I’ll have to thank her.”
There was a loud click of a pistol, but it was unclear who exactly it had come from.
Steve was confused, but then realised what Rhodey thought was happening. “No, I know.” And he almost wished he was having a flashback, because that sound, that sound was worse. That sound meant he--
“I meant it, and it’s all true, but at the same time, your behind might be the most incredible thing I’ve ever seen. If I weren’t already a God-fearing man, I’d be on my knees right now, because ain’t nothing this perfect could’ve been anything short of a miracle by the almighty.”
Stíofán upped the speed of his hand, burying his face between the furred cheeks and trying his utmost to drive the doe wild.
“Guess I did,” Steve agreed. “Looks like I win,” he added, as he sunk the final shot.
“You the one who blackened his eye?” The tone was cold - Tony could almost hear the ice forming.
“None of that.” Tony chided. “You said last night it wasn’t my fault, I remember, so it’s not your fault either. Can we agree on that?”
Tony pushed a strand of Stíofán’s blond hair behind his horn. “I’m glad I have you. And I’m glad our kid will have you to protect them.”
Rogers’ eye was starting to swell, clearly they’d gotten in one good shot before Tony intervened. He looked surprised to see Tony there. “Um hi?”
“Looking all slack-jawed. You want a date, you have to romance him.”
These fuckers would pay.
“Ah, Mr Stark,” the man grinned, sending a shiver down Tony’s spine. “You’ll be unsurprised to find he’s here for you. Seems you owe him something.”
“I’d say you made an impression, and really that’s key for a job interview,” Tony joked and Steve gave him a dirty look. “Really - it made you memorable.”
“I don’t like Sca’ fever,” he grumbled against Steve’s shoulder as they headed over to hitch a ride in Sam’s cart.
There was a tap on his shoulder, and he turned to see Steve Rogers smiling at him. Oh that was just typical. He gave a twitch of a smile before pointing at his phone.
Tony looked around the party with a sense of loneliness. He should be having a good time. It had been a good year for Stark Industries: he’d gotten their new line of medtech out before the deadline, and now he was able to celebrate with his employees at the annual Stark Christmas Party on the top floor of a five-star hotel. The canapés were delicious, the drinks were flowing, and yet Tony felt like his smile was plastered on. He bantered, he chatted, he flirted a little in some cases, but it was all hollow. Unfulfilling.
Tony swallowed, picking up his beer and getting to his feet. “I got this.”
When Peter had finally fallen asleep - after
(See the end of the chapter for
So Stíofán told the tale, with his mate on his knee and his kids at his feet and a roaring fire behind them keeping them all toasty as the cold winds blew outside. And if his hand came down to squeeze one of the rounded cheeks that had plumped so well with the rigour of village life and the hearty food; well, only a certain faun knew.
Sam waved his hands reassuringly. “Alright Sheriff, no need to growl. Bucky didn’t mean it, did you, Buck?”
“That’d be nice,” Steve agreed. “But if it doesn’t happen, there are still so many things that will happen in our lives that make them special. You can invent more for Rogers’ Industries. We can travel. I can learn some of the new dances from back East, take you dancing in the fancy ballrooms in San Francisco. You and I can make love down by the river till we’re old and grey. And one day Peter will have his own pups, and you’ll have grandchildren to watch over. We will have a thousand chances for happiness, and I want to spend all of them with you.”
He happened to look over and see a sign for a bookstore and felt the familiar draw of a paperback in his hands. Before he knew it, almost without his permission his feet had carried him inside.
“More like a beloved family heirloom. I grew up hearing all the stories about you. The Star-Spangled Man with a Plan.”
Oscar yipped plaintively, trying to wiggle free, and Tony’s heart clenched.
He was absolutely furious. How dare these men come here and treat them like this. If they tried to lay a hand on Pepper again, he’d do more than swear at them.
“You’re a softie, anyone tell you that?”
“Just the culmination of two months of planning and negotiations,” Steve said, sounding amused. “Carol’s going to be my new Deputy. She’ll take on half the posse call-outs we get with Bucky.”
Pepper winced. “Ok, when you say it like that…“
“Sorry,” Tony offered, knowing it was a little presumptuous. “It’s just really great in here. I love the designs.”
“Clarify,” Steve said, trying to keep his body language restricted.
“Yeah, and trust me when I say I’m proud as punch. Several of the onlookers said you used magic for crying out loud, which I think might be an exaggeration, but realising it was you under that thing nearly scared me to death.”
“He just thought, what do you get the guy who has everything? And I promise this is one of a kind,” Bucky offered.
“Peter!”
The pup began to chew on his finger, and he laughed at the sensation.
Antonius groaned and swung a hock over, and Stíofán was pleased to see the doe’s own cock erect. He liked servicing Stíofán, it aroused him.
“Some people think everyone should have options,” Steve said evenly. He could already feel his hackles rising, and the last thing he wanted to do was make a scene. Tony had been very clear that events like these were important, not just for charity but for the goodwill and publicity it bought the team.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” he breathed. His other hand flailed until he could grasp one of Antonius’ horns, pulling until the doe’s head was back, making his body tense and giving Stíofán more leverage. He released the tail so he could grab the other horn, and he put his back into it. He was slamming into the faun, Antonius making loud ‘ungh’ sounds with each push in, and Stíofán could feel himself getting closer and closer.
Sam smirked. “I always know best. It’s about time you learned that. Rhodey still hasn’t, but it means I get to tell him ‘I told you so’ pretty often, so I still win.”
“Don’t tell him that,” Tony complained, but there was a smile twitching around his lips. “It’s not you who has to bake one.”
“What’s for dinner?” Tony asked, taking a seat at the table. The sheriff had removed his hat and his waistcoat, and Tony finally got a look at the toned forearms beneath the rolled-up sleeves and the tan line around his collar.
“What’s wrong? You’ve gone all stiff.”
Steve chuckled. “It’s fine, I know someone who can take care of that.” He gave a short whistle and Dodger perked up. Steve pointed and the dog loped over, snarfing up the food on the floor much to Peter’s delight.
“You could have a real future in motivational speaking, you know that?” Steve grumbled but took a deep breath. “Maybe I should try the French maid outfit? It’s one of Tony’s ‘growing-up-rich’ teen fantasies.”
Her anger turned to shock, and she turned to look at the man next to her. He took one look at them and tried to bolt, but Steve was faster. As the guy flew past them, his hand snapped out, grabbing him by the collar and throwing him on his back. “Son, just don’t.”
“Yes! Obviously yes, hurry up!”
“Empty nest?”
“You ever had wagu?” He asked as the car pulled up outside.
North of Britannia.”
He could feel a sharp spike of panic. Alphas could request divorces for lack of marital rights. What if the Sheriff decided that since he wasn’t any good at
“Oh,” Steve managed in a soft voice, and his hand drifted to rest on Tony’s own, his thumb brushing over the skin. It seemed to take him a moment to process, but once he did, a soft grin spread over his face.
Steve shook his head. “Nah, it’s ok. Looks worse than it feels. Let’s not miss our date - if you don’t mind getting lunch with a guy who looks like he just had his clock cleaned.”
He wondered what Pepper would make of his life here if she could see it for herself. He was sure Ana would love it, and no doubt she would be smug as anything that she had been right about him coming here. Jarvis would be horrified at the lack of propriety, while being secretly proud.
It was very Pops.
“Fly safe.”
Tony seemed genuinely taken aback. “What?”
“What in god’s name is going on back here?” Steve thundered as he followed the sound of gunshots around the back of the office. “I thought I said-”
That was...a little disappointing. But as he watched Bucky fishhook some guy with his prosthetic, while another grabbed Steve’s shirt dragging it over his head to trap him, Tony’s eyes were drawn to the...considerable assets beneath.
“I mean if he takes the call that’s on him. If you go to the murder woods, you can’t expect not to be murdered.”
Normally Tony would feel ridiculous being carried out of a building damsel style, but he was pretty sure he was going to be bragging about being rescued by Captain America to everyone he knew, so really the pictures on the news site would just back up his story.
Tiberius looked like he was pissing himself. “No! He can’t— I didn’t—“ he took one more look at Tony before he made a run for it, having to pass Stíofán to get out. As he did Stíofán kicked him, sending him sprawling painfully to the ground. He grunted but scrambled to his feet and was gone.
“Hey, quit being so grumpy,” Rhodey admonished. “Clearly you and Steve didn’t meet on the best of terms, but I promise he’s nice.”
“That’s it, fuck, you’re so gorgeous, yes, yes, yes--” Stíofán kept up the speed, until he felt his pleasure crest, pumping the doe full of his essence. There was a lot, it had been a long time since Stíofán had been able to
Well, there was nothing else for it. He’d carried this pup for nine months, he could do it again.
Tony quirked a brow in confusion. “I said I was impressed you held your own. Those dudes were big.”
“I did until I saw what you did to that poor bush.”
Something crashed into Tony’s side. “You saved him,” Wanda wrapped her arms around him tightly. “Thank you!”  She looked up at Steve and then back at Tony and flushed. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to get handsy.”
Bucky rolled his eyes but still raised the camera. It flashed pretty much constantly until the bottle was empty, but as soon as Bucky moved it away from his face he shook his head. “You look like you’re holding in a fart. Or chewing on a frog.”
Tony shook his head. “Never.”
“What?”
“I don’t know what you're doing, but off the wood pile now please,” Stíofán said, watching a few of the poles shift.
“It’s what witches do,” Tony shrugged, petting Jarvis when he jumped onto his shoulder to comfort him. “And I can’t call home. Then I’ll have to tell them it’s only day one in my new town and I’m already failing.”
Tony was. Ravenous in fact. He hadn’t eaten since the train, and though he’d been too nervous to notice up till now, the smell of the rich gravy and cooking meat made his hunger roar to life. He was dying to just shovel it back, but he could hear his mother’s stern voice in his ear telling him to make sure he was always omega-like when he sat or when he ate, and so he took small bites, trying not to seem too greedy.
Antonius nodded, not even pausing in his rhythm as he undid the clasp, removing the covering and baring warm, soft skin to Stíofán hands. “Gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous.”
Laura nodded, sipping from her mug. “It can be hard when you have other people’s expectations on your shoulders. If you had needed help that would’ve been ok no matter what your dad said, but I’m glad that you managed to do it on your own anyway so you didn’t have to deal with it.”
“I must’ve dropped it when we were running. We’ve got nothing. What are we going to do? That was our emergency hotel money too. Where are we going to sleep?” He could feel his chest starting to tighten with panic.
Tony pulled away, just far enough to press another kiss to Steve’s forehead before he sat up, putting some distance between them.
A huge beaming smile spread across his handsome face. “I’d love to.”
“I bet you’re great at pool,” Tony told him, looking over at the table. “Want to play a round?”
Stíofán realised they hadn’t even kissed and decided to remedy that. He leaned in, giving Antonius time to recognise what was happening, and pressed his lips to the doe’s.
They sat down on Tony’s couch, sinking into the soft cushions and cradling the hot mugs in their hands. It was cozy, sitting together, Peter asleep and Dodger curled up by the heater.
He needed to talk to someone who understood.
The alpha turned, face lighting up when he saw who was there. “Anthony! What are you doing here?” He was clearly at least a bit drunk, his cheeks a little too flushed.
“No. No, no, no,
“It’s not just you,” Tony managed. “I want your knot so all those omegas who bat their eyelashes at you know you’re mine, and they don’t have a chance.” The last was a growl, and he felt Steve shudder in appreciation. “This is just for me, and everyone’s going to know it.”
“Hey, Tony?” Steve called from the bathroom, voice muffled by the closed door.
“Were you born there?”
, the doe was his. Outside, he was owned by the school just as anyone else.
“Well then,” Wilson said, a glint of mischief in his eye. Howabouts you give me a demonstration out back?”
Peadar twitched and blinked looking up at them. “Da?”
rich but Tony felt that was a stretch. “That’s not--”
The alpha took the seat opposite. “Are you ready to talk to me now?” The question had a slight tone to it, which Tony did not care for.
The alpha jerked in surprise at the feel of bare skin, his fingers pulling back but not before they brushed against Tony’s hipbone, the tease making him shiver. Oh, he wanted.
“It wasn’t an insult!”
“It’s lovely,” he told him and watched as the Sheriff’s smile became proud. He stepped out of the buggy, coming around to lift Tony down, his strong hands spanning Tony’s waist and lifting him like it was nothing. Tony couldn’t help the little thrill that sparked through him at the show of strength. The Sheriff sent him in, opting to carry the trunk and bag, and Tony stepped inside.
Sam looked over and sighed, putting his face in his hands. “Just one time. I would like to go out and just have a nice drink.”
Tony felt a spike of guilt. He’d been so busy, his hours in the bakery had been few and far between, even though they’d both given him a roof over his head. “I can do it!”
Laura looked up. “Oh yes I suppose it’s getting late. We’d better get you home.”
There was no time for style, just speed, but even as he flew back towards the lights of the town, he could smell the heavy scent of the rain and feel the chill at his back. It wasn’t long before he felt the first splash on the back of his neck, and then it came flooding down.
“I’m awful at pool,” Steve replied, self-deprecatingly. “But if you don’t mind playing against a clumsy fella like me, I’m game.”
“I can’t, I don’t want--” He looked over at Steve, seeming to take him in properly for the first time. “Look at you. You’re a mess.”
"He's not moving," Sam snapped and Tony shot off towards where he could see Steve’s locator on his HUD, only a speck of blue visible beneath a pile of rubble. He landed with a crash, dropping to his knees immediately.
“Everything’s just fine,” Steve reassured them. “I just need you to have some of the fine pie my omega baked.”
. Eventually, he could earn enough for them both, though it would take a long time and a lot of luck, if it could happen at all. It began to plague his mind though he never spoke of it to Tony. He couldn’t bear to get his hopes up or disappoint him if it didn’t work out.
” Tony screeched, and Barnes winced.
“Vulcans never lie.”
“You’ve been here three minutes and you’re already giving my child weapons.,” a loud familiar voice said coming up behind her. “Why do I invite you people again?”
Tony loved him, he realised. This big, bashful blond who was awkward and sweet, and witty, sharp and strong in equal measure.
“Oh, Sheriff! We’d like to talk to you!”
“I had a map,” Tony told him, waving it in his hand. “It wasn’t too hard to find.”
“Does he know you’re coming?”
Stíofán was right about the triplets, Tony is
“Oh, I’m Maria. I’m from Shield, New York and I’m majoring in engineering and applied science.”
Tony shook his head. “You had to work. You couldn’t have known he’d get sick.”
She rolled her eyes, but there was a touch of amusement there too, so he knew he was in the clear. “Uh huh. Up, come on, time to go,” she said, and Tony could see she was impatient but not flustered. That meant he had a bit of wriggle room.
Life was tough, no mistaking it, but Tony got into a rhythm that filled his day, even if he was still trying to make friends or settle into the community itself.
He walked around the homestead, opening the windows and letting the fresh air in. Ventilation accomplished. That wasn’t so hard.
Tony grabbed the shotgun from the cupboard, loading it with trembling hands. Those...
The Rogers' get some visitors from out East
His father looked him over. “Must you insist on wearing your robe that way?”
“What the hell, Steve? You didn’t write it down?”
“It bit Dad!” Peter said, and now the excitement was over, he sounded properly upset.
“What else could it mean?!”
“Cops are coming,” Rhodey said, coming over and resting a hand on Tony’s shoulder. He looked at Steve.
and Tony had thinned the herd until he was left with just one Steven G. Rogers, Sheriff. He seemed sweet – funny, which was often hard to do in writing – and had his own home and respectable position in the town of Brooklyn Junction. Tony’s advertisement had been clear that his expectation was marriage, and the Sheriff had been on board with the idea from the start.
“It’s fine, he’s a cute kid.” Steve rubbed the back of his neck looking a little awkward. “Uhh, if you’re still wanting to get him used to dogs, Dodger and I come here the same time most days, I’d be happy to let them hang out again no problem.”
He held him tight, feeling the panic in his chest recede as he buried his face in Tony’s neck and breathed in his scent. He hugged him too long, but Tony didn’t seem to mind, letting Steve calm the raging creature in his chest.
Maybe what he needed was to get out. Just out. Anywhere but here. As he walked home from the gym the idea started to take root. He could. He could leave, just start driving and not stop. The freedom of it sung in his chest and by the time he opened the door to his apartment, his mind was made up.
The doe stood in the middle of the room, those same pretty eyes fixed on Stíofán.
Peadar shook his head.
He typed out a reassuring reply, and then decided to do one final check ahead of opening the doors.
Tony watched Steve take in the whole scene, weighing the options. Then he sighed.
But here, now – it was all too raw.
It was terrifying.
“Possibly. It does do harm, but it takes time. My suggestion is don’t get swallowed up by it, but short bursts of contact should be ok. We really just need you to hold it in place while our research guys work out how to beat it. If we let it run rampant, the civilian casualties will start mounting fast.”
“Was the cat Alpine?”
“Mhmmmmm. Well, what would you like to call him?”
If there was an alpha who could resist that sort of temptation, Steve would like to shake their hand: they had to have a will of iron.
Time to go to work.
“Hey, you Tony Stark?”
Peadar looked on worried. “Ma got a fever?”
“I have a Starkphone,” Steve said, frowning when Bucky’s expression slid into his patented disappointed glare. “What?”
He was embarrassed, and he threw himself into preparing a meal for Steve. When he returned sometime later, any trace of Steve’s interest was gone, and they didn't speak of it.
The last page was Bucky’s finest piece of photography. He’d taken it when Steve was still dressed in the Christmas outfit they’d chosen – sexy Buddy from
“Oh fuck!” Stíofán slammed the door behind him, rushing over to check the faun’s pulse. “Fuck, fuck, he’s dead, he’s--”
“Sometimes it takes a while,” Doc Banner said. “I imagine you’re about three months or so along.”
“Uh-huh, so that’s why you’ve come over. And here I thought it was to see little old me,” Tony complained, not dropping the act until Steve gave him a kiss.
Stíofán rubbed a hand over his horns where he sat on his pallet. He’d heard of course. The
The deputy looked suitably surprised. “I see, well that sounds as sensible as anything I’d suggest. How will you--”
“Yeah. Just, um, looks like he can’t get it fixed today. Needs more time and I’ll have to check in with him in the morning.” He tried not to feel relieved. This wasn’t his fault. If he had to stay, he had to stay, it was out of his hands. And maybe Tony wouldn’t mind if he came by tomorrow for a visit.
Just as it was getting to be too much, Steve got free of his Ma’s ministrations and came over, wrapping a hand around Tony’s wrist. “Want to get out of here?”
Tony had watched him as he’d tidied up. His tall, well-built alpha with those strong shoulders and muscled arms, ready and able to tear Hodge apart for so much as looking at Tony wrong. There was a heat in his belly: it felt almost primal. He was in love with Steve, with his good humour, his kindness, and his sweetness. That wasn’t in question. But now he needed more.
Tony shook his head, then found himself turned gently onto his side and drawn back to lie in the curve of the alpha’s body, an arm lying over his hip.
“If you need to spar more, you know where to find me,” he managed and Tony snorted.
Tony let the doctor help him off the bed and into his coat, telling him what was probably vital information, but Tony couldn’t hear a word of it. All he could think about was the tiny pup growing inside of him.
Tiberius looked as though he might be ill, and grabbed Rumlow’s sleeve to drag him away. Once they were gone, Stíofán got to work, stroking and tugging the doe’s cock.
It was easy, in fact, to forget what Steve’s job actually was, until it came rudely knocking at their door one morning.
Tony held out his hand to shake, and smiled as the man took it.
“What am I supposed to do, Pepper? Stay here? I’m stifled here. I feel like I can’t breathe. My parents have chosen my life for me, and they're forcing me down the path bit by bit, no matter what I say. And even if I were to try and do something for myself, the rest of this city...," he sighed. "Everyone’s the same.”
it out. Alpha to alpha.”
“Now, you want a tour of the colony?”
“First birthday together and our anniversary.”
“I appreciate it, thank you. I’ll make sure to thank her when she comes back.”
laughing.
“If it gets too much,” he grunted, as sparks of pleasure danced all along his body. “Hit my leg.”
Stíofán hummed. “Got a long day tomorrow. Got to get the foundations of the house built for Bucky, his Somhairle arrives soon and he wants to be ready.”
His broom was snapped in half, the bristles clogged with dirt, and when he reached out with his magic, there was no beat.
“What?”
She gave him a thoughtful look but shook her head. “Nevermind. No harm done.”
“What is it?”
Tony nodded. “I know. But you know how he is. ‘Witches use brooms: they’ve always used brooms! You don’t need that newfangled crap!’ Nevermind that my techmagic is more reliable and safer. Guess we’ll just use that wooden death trap. Hope we don’t plummet out of the sky,” he added, rolling his eyes. He caught sight of Jarvis looking nervous. “I’m joking. I’m sure we’ll be fine. It’s just going to be colder and less comfy.”
“Of course. Do call me Steve, nothing would please me more.” he looked a little shy then, but determined. “And might I call you Anthony?”
“Just fucking do it, Stark!”
The guy smiled, looking a little embarrassed. He had a pretty smile, Tony thought. “I don’t like bullies, and bullies don’t like it when you mouth off at them.”
The next morning, the Sheriff took him over to meet Mr and Ms Barton, who bred a few horses for him to choose from. Tony became the owner of a sweet-natured, dappled-grey mare – who he named Ana for Mrs Jarvis (she'd either be thrilled or horrified) – and the recipient of an invitation to join Ms Barton’s game of Bridge the following Wednesday.
“Mostly just the shop. Rhodey runs the cafe, and I handle the books. It’s my shop. I’m the Stark above the door.”
“Anthony, please, I want to talk to you,” the alpha tried to walk ahead of him but stumbled, grabbing on to Nomad’s saddle to steady himself. “Can we talk please?”
“I’m sure whatever it is, I can handle it.”
“Oh for -- these are my robes, see? And I have a cat!” he brandished Jarvis wildly, who obligingly meowed in greeting.
“What is it?”
He missed them, and Pepper, and though there were nice folks here, it was still hard knowing many in the town still regarded him with disdain, especially when he compared it to back home, where he’d been admired as a prim and proper omega.
Tony frowned. “I don’t understand,” Tony said, hand coming up to press against his stomach. “I haven’t had a heat in six.”
