“Ah, ta, mates.”  Lestrade looked happier than he had all day when Owen and Carl returned with a round of pints.  He downed half of his before they’d even had the chance to sit down.  “I’ve been needing a pint all afternoon.”
“I know.”  John looked down at his shoes. “It’s just...I’ve never been in a long-term relationship with a man before.  With the women I’ve dated, well, there are expectations.  You know, how big of an occasion should be made of anniversaries, how the relationship should progress, milestones, things like that.”  He took a breath and glanced up.  Oh, great.  She was looking at him with that soft smile, like he was a precocious six-year-old.  “But with him...he’s never brought up expecting...things...because we’ve been together a certain amount of time or because we…” he trailed off.
Lestrade and John clinked their pints.  Owen rolled his eyes, and Carl looked at them rather proudly.
With the optimism of youth, the boys on John’s rugby team in Uni assumed they would always stay close: mates meeting at a pub to relive glory days of tackling and scoring and winning and mud, at least a few times a year.  But life is never so simple, and as the teammates went on to medical school, internships, law school, the army, office cubicles, construction sites, board meetings, marriages, divorces, children’s piano recitals...somehow those reunions never happened.  Occasionally two or three might find themselves in the same city for long enough to grab a pint, but gradually most realised they no longer even had a current phone number to contact most of the others, and that the years of camaraderie on the field were becoming more and more distant memories.
Siger smiled indulgently at her huff. “Yes, yes, dear. But it was for the best at the time.  We stayed here and avoided going into the city any more than necessary.  We did get calls and cards from some acquaintances who knew he was our son, so we did have to act suitably upset over the phone.”
“Friend...well, she was my roommate for two years; it made life much easier to be on good terms.  Don’t know that she would have taken much notice of me otherwise. I’m not sure she quite trusted someone who
thought of Angelo’s (although there was a takeaway container with a crumpled receipt from Angelo’s under the skip, just to make sure)?  What if he had suddenly seen a suspicious bit of dirt and insisted on haring off to someplace John hadn’t set up?  What if he had declared the case boring and refused to peel himself off the sofa in the first place?
“Violet Holmes!  You cannot invite Sherlock to dinner and give him alcohol and free reign every time you want to get rid of dinner guests!  Our son is not your secret weapon!”
As they lingered over their bibimbap and soju, John felt quite optimistic about the eventual results from deducing whether or not Sherlock would appreciate being proposed to, but by the time they got back to Baker Street the doubts had crept back in.
Late in the afternoon on the first of December, John glanced up at the clock.  An hour left in his shift, and god, he was ready to get home and relax in his comfy red chair.  He was only just barely over his own sinus infection, and he was still feeling the effects of several nights of poor sleep due to mouth breathing.
the sort of detail that Sherlock was sure to notice, and besides, it would be winter soon, and he couldn’t begrudge them seizing the opportunity to avoid damp feet.
“Nonsense; if she were only friendly towards you for the sake of dormitory harmony, she wouldn’t have invited you home for Easter that time, or stuck up for you when that ratfink Bobby was sneering about…”
“Thanks, Helen.”  He put the cap back on his pen from the file he’d been annotating for his last patient and stood up.
John overheard a lady at the nearest table as they went through the door.  “Margie, you should have waited on
since he’d seen John propose before.  Somehow, it was absolutely necessary to make this proposal somehow bigger or better than the one before, just to prove a point.  John needed him to know that he was more excited about the prospect of proposing to Sherlock than he ever had been with Mary.
John’s mind jerked back to the present.  Right.  The laundry room was a Sherlock-free area, not a landlady-free area.
“No, he’s fine.  Well, as fine as he can be; I did find the tongues, but you know I’m used to that.”
Violet looked a bit chagrined.  She didn’t think Siger knew about that little phone call to Mycroft, but then again, over the years he had developed quite the ability to Find Things Out when his family of geniuses thought they were being sneaky.  “I know it seems rather paranoid...but with Mycroft’s position in the government and Sherlock’s popularity with the tabloids...it would be an easy disguise to pull off since I haven’t seen her in years. But Mikey confirmed it’s really her and they’ve never had so much as a parking ticket...Turn here, dear…” Siger probably thought she’d called hoping for an excuse to avoid going to dinner, and, well, maybe that was just a
“You’re the detective, what does it look like?” John had gone rigid, undermining his attempt at nonchalance, so he tried to deflect the attention. “Why are you going through my things anyway? I asked you to take the stuff up, not to unpack it for me.”
“Are you sure about this? You’re not 100% recovered yet, I’m sure I could walk if you supported me.” Sherlock realised that talking while riding on someone’s shoulders was an interesting experience, his teeth clacked together with the bobbing motion of John’s steps and he’d need to be careful not to bite his tongue.
“It grounds you; I can understand that.” Sherlock replied with a nod, he hesitated before he continued speaking. “I know I’m not the best person when it comes to emotions but I want you to know that if you’re ever feeling overwhelmed, John, that I
“Well that’s a lead of itself. You can pick up biopsy punches online without any bother, but pancuronium is pretty hard to come by. I can’t see how anyone other than a doctor or maybe a scientist could get a hold of it without drawing unnecessary attention to themselves.” John replied as he wrote the name of the drug in his open notebook and drew a circle around it.
“Yes, she is. I am firmly of the opinion that the dear lady is going to outlive all of us, she’s more spry than almost everyone I know, it’s sickening.” Mycroft’s tone could be mistaken for contempt by someone who didn’t know him well, but the detective noted the subtle inflection on the word ‘dear’ that meant he respected Mrs Hudson and her ability to wrangle his younger brother.
“Hmm, well I suppose it’ll be a nice day out if it turns out that she was just drunk or something.” John was too busy looking for his notebook to see the small flick of a smile that crossed the detective’s face. Sherlock was under no illusions that his friend probably suspected his ulterior motives for this trip at the very least, he was just glad that John was going along with it.
“Why not then? Even the most unsophisticated of invertebrates has a sense of self-preservation. Survival of the fittest will dictate that those creatures who don’t protect themselves will perish and fail to pass along their inferior genes.” Sherlock was right behind John as the doctor grabbed a local guidebook from the table beside the bed. “Maybe it is a good job that I interrupted the love-in with Mrs Price then, we wouldn’t want to saddle some poor child with half of your already pathetic and lacking gen-”
:: When you get to Price’s, I need you to distract his wife. Pretend to be a distraught friend of Holly’s, tears if you’ve got them. – SH ::
“As if. I just have too much respect for the Guv and the Doc to get into any more petty squabbles with you when we’re all trying to do a job here.” Donovan kept her voice down so they wouldn’t be overheard. Sherlock glanced over to where John and Greg were discussing something as they waited for the crime scene photographers to finish up. At least her answer appeared to mean she didn’t think he was a serial killer in the making anymore.
“Oh really, John? Then please tell me one of these great many secrets you’ve managed to keep from a man of my obvious intelligence and observational skills.” Sherlock replied in a prickly tone that made John hang his head with a sigh, before he spotted something out the corner of his eye and an idea came to him.
John jogged out of the supermarket and jumped into a waiting taxi sitting in the rank and gave the driver the address that had been sent to him. John settled himself back in his seat and looked out the window as the streets of London passed by. He rubbed the back of his neck and stretched out his bad shoulder to try and remove some of the ache. The former soldier was often tired and sore nowadays with his two jobs, but he didn’t mind really, he preferred to be busy and felt useful again.
The detective had moved back into 221b once it was aired out, but it wasn’t the same with his friend living two floors below. Sherlock couldn’t even hear him pottering around when he was home, like he used to when they lived together. He didn’t know he’d miss that sort of background noise until it was noticeably gone. The pair had barely spoken since that first day, it was awkward, uncomfortable and Sherlock didn’t know how to break the tense stalemate.
“Have you ever met a doctor who has stopped caring? Or a soldier maybe? It makes for some pretty appalling situations, trust me. No, I am a good doctor
John looked after him for a second before noticing Sherlock taking advantage of the lack of police supervision. He leaned into the locker and sniffed at the coat hanger before approaching the body, kneeling down to sniff Ms Barrett’s wrists. The detective had a contemplative look on his face as he quickly checked something on his phone.
“When I finally got the go ahead, we blew open that cell four weeks later. Some of Moriarty’s most trusted generals were taken down with that one. It was a job well done.” There was a small satisfied nod with a smile of pride on his lips. “I went into another data room for a few weeks to analyse the new information. It took a while to stop thinking in Russian and I took immense pleasure in deleting all that superfluous tv data. Next stop was South America.”
“What’s up? A case?” John asked between huffs of effort, his upper arm muscles tensing and relaxing as he slowly lifted and lowered himself in well-practised movements.
The fact that the doctor was able to make a teasing joke like that after spending God knows how long strapped into a vest loaded with enough explosives to level the building made Sherlock want to laugh and cry at the same time. This man who had been ready to tell his friend to run and leave him to blow himself up with his arm around Moriarty’s throat. Selfless, good and brave people like John Watson weren’t meant to exist in real life, only in stories.
“We’ll need to go through their employer’s finances and follow the money. Finally, a worthy case! Thank you, Lestrade! Let’s go, John! The game is on!” The detective declared in his dramatic fashion, turning to leave the house and follow this lead, his faithful assistant jogging behind him.
“There were two main cells and numerous sub cells. I concentrated on the bigger targets; the lesser ones withered into nothing without guidance from above. That took about three months in all. Then there was weeks of combing through to make sure we’d got everything. We didn’t want to leave even one person behind who could rebuild it all from scratch. Only when we were sure it was done, that’s when I came home.” Sherlock looked relieved, as if stepping off the plane on to London soil for the first time in two years all over again.
There was an equally filthy three-seater couch against the back wall, a small coffee table covered in scratches, plus a sturdier looking unit with a cheap flatscreen TV on it. Lying face down among the squalor was the body that the doctor was here to examine. John approached the corpse, kneeling next to the woman. As was his habit, he lowered his head for a moment in respect for the dead before reaching into his bag and retrieving some latex gloves.
, there was a risk that his friend wouldn’t forgive him for the deception, so he had to give his comeback the best chance at succeeding.
“And God help me, it felt good! It didn’t feel like vengeance… it felt like justice.” Dr Chen looked down at his hands in a moment of shame. “It was a high I’d never felt before… and I knew I had to do it again. I’ve been telling Cecilia for years that Alice has been taking donations but she always dismissed me because no stock was missing. She didn’t understand, didn’t
After he was done, he got dressed and pulled on the dressing gown, padding into the living room to find Sherlock stoking the fire with a poker. John sank down into his chair, finding tea and some scones within easy reach along with the newspapers. The detective straightened up once the fire met his approval, striding across the room to pick up his violin.
“Mr Price, one of the things that the coroner will be trying to determine is whether or not Ms Walters’ fall was an accident or not. Seeing as you’ve known her for so long, can you tell me if she ever appeared depressed, anxious or even just unusually pensive?”
“For the five years before we met, he was doing what he loved best, solving the strange and unusual cases that the police couldn’t – for free. For the love of the challenge, the intellectual puzzle. Then I came along, with my ordinary, boring life and I start blogging about Sherlock and his work.” Doctor Watson paused for a moment to breathe and rein in his emotions.
“Don’t be silly, John, you can use the one upstairs now!” Mrs Hudson told him as though it was the most logical thing in the world. The former soldier froze momentarily and his eyes darted to Sherlock before returning to her.
“I know, I know.” John’s attempt at reassuring his friend didn’t sound wholly convincing. John’s exhaustion was creeping up on him again after the adrenaline of being confronted with his past waned. He walked into the living room and sank down on the couch. Sherlock followed and sat in his own chair.
“Define strenuous.” Sherlock asked as he immediately pulled John into his side with an arm around his shoulders, pressing a kiss to the skin behind John’s ear. “Because I’m not intending to let a minor foot injury get in the way of my plans for you today.”
“I’ve got to learn to keep my mouth shut.” John grimaced, but his eyes were quirking with amusement.
“Christ, you need to write a second blog to tell us all the stuff you don’t put in your normal blog.”
Oh, fuck.  The suspect was running.  Why couldn’t Sherlock tell him there was something wrong with the thermostat and have him come take a look, so they could take him quietly?  Oh, no, he had to accuse him right out in the middle of the room.
“Of course, that was years ago now...they were just acquaintances for several years, but after Sherlock’s John came into the picture...John insisted on a bit more socializing than our workaholic boys ever took time for before,” Violet smiled fondly, “and Mikey--how he hates it when I call him that!--and Greg started seeing each other in a less professional setting on holidays and such at Sherlock and John’s and realized they enjoyed each other’s company.”
Forty-five minutes and two elbows to Sherlock’s rib cage later, they finally caught a cab back to Baker Street.
The rest of the meal was passed pleasantly enough discussing their careers, trips they had taken, and a bit more on the topic of gardening.
.  If he has any idea that I’m even thinking about it, he’ll deduce it all and I’ll never get to do it right.”
“So at the risk of exposing myself to the same error for the second time, I will ask again, may we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?”
“And honestly, fewer of our friends and acquaintances came to offer condolences than should have.” Violet sniffed imperiously.  “Believing all that rubbish the newspapers published about my boy!  That he had faked his skills as a detective!  I’ll tell you now that I certainly take anything the papers say with a large dose of skepticism after that.  Faking it!  They should have seen him even as a child...the acrobatics I had to go to to keep him from finding his birthday presents early!”
“Stressful day at the office, eh?” John joked.  They’d just come from wrapping up a murder-to-cover-up-embezzlement case down in the financial district and had spent the day surrounded by nervous secretaries, angry executive officers, and incriminating evidence on the copier.
“Oh, John.”  He crossed the room, took the teacup out of John’s hand and sat it on the end table.  “Come here.”
“Yes, me.  I could have solved this case without the undercover work.  I chose to wear this costume because I wanted proof of what I had suspected.”
Violet swiped the screen of her phone to take another fond look at the photo. “So, yes, these are our boys.”
“Mycroft.” John nodded his greeting as he shrugged off his coat and hung it up by the door.  “I don’t suppose you’ve made tea, since we have a guest?” he chided Sherlock, knowing full well that the Holmeses had probably started sniping at each other straight away before taking the time for any such considerations of comfort.  This question was deemed rhetorical and answered only by a snort.
“Molly called, and I, in my haste to review the extremely time-sensitive evidence found on a corpse, neglected to flip the breaker.”
“Yeah, that’s some good luck there.  Mine’s in Manchester, at least.  Still not far enough.”  Owen was obviously still quite bitter.
“Sorry, mate, but I think you’ll have some explaining to do to your neighbours.”  John gestured back towards the hallway.  “Women next door gave me the oddest look for turning up at your door with flowers.  No telling what gossip they’re coming up with right now.”
“Morning, love.”  John gave him a quick peck on the cheek.  “Think I’m going to do a proper fry-up today.  Will you eat?”  Hopefully, by lunchtime they would be embroiled in the case, so they might as well fill up now.
?  You know, I think that at Mummy’s birthday party next weekend I’ll just mention what happened last Wednes…”
“Ah, Mycroft.  I was expecting your call.”  Honestly, John was surprised it had taken this long for Mycroft to stick his nose in.  He leaned against the rail to finish the call before going down into the tube station.
“Come on, man, or we’re all going to send you cds of show tunes for Christmas.” John found a napkin to wad up and throw at the offender.
John quickly dumped the prop backpack of evidence on the floor by the door and went to stand next to the love of his life.
What if he said no?  It wasn’t like they’d have to break up if he did; they could just stay the same as now and the same was wonderful.  John was self-aware enough, however, to realize that even though it wouldn’t change anything, hearing no would hurt.
After a sip, Violet continued, “Sherlock is a detective..consulting detective, he calls it.  Part of the time he works with Greg on cases with Scotland Yard, and part of the time he takes on private cases.  He’s become quite well known over the past few years, especially with the popularity of John’s blog.”
“It’s almost like a food fight, but there’s no void where the sauce was hitting someone,” John pointed out.
?  So far, nearly everyone who knew of their relationship was happy for them--most people in their lives had been in their lives through it all, through the crazy-flatmates-vs.-Moriarty era, Sherlock’s death, John’s grief, Sherlock's return, Mary’s secrets, Sherlock’s near death (again), the showdown when Mary’s past caught up with her, understood the kind of connection the hell they’d been through had forged between the two men, and were just grateful they had survived it all still with the capacity to love and to laugh, and that they obviously found comfort in each other.   But he’d never had to explain Sherlock or the mad life they shared to anyone from...before.  To anyone who didn’t already know Sherlock.
“Okay, okay. So they deserved it, and you know how much I enjoyed laughing about it after they left.  I was also quite happy they left before pudding; all those strawberry tarts I had to eat before they went stale,”  Siger admitted with a boyish grin.  “But you can’t do something that cruel to people just for being rather dull.”
have taken a bite and that his mother was going to be atrocious once she found out because the plant had been a gift from her and was now damaged beyond repair (John resisted rolling his eyes; not grandmother of the year, there) and oh god is that blood and…
“I see it more your way, Greg.  My marriage went to shit.  But I married her for a lot of the wrong reasons (because she expected it, because at the time he still couldn’t admit he was afraid to be emotionally dependent on Sherlock again after his return, because everyone else seemed to think it was the right thing to do...he hoped no one questioned him too much), and she had lied about a lot of things in her past. I should have broken it off before it got so far as a wedding. So we started out at a disadvantage, and things went downhill from there.  But that doesn’t mean that marriage with someone else, for the right reasons and with realistic expectations of each other, wouldn’t be good.”
In short order he had a pouting Sherlock installed on the couch, with a bag of frozen peas draped over the bruised foot and an ice lolly held to the blistered finger. Turning back to the kitchen, he quickly toweled up the spilled water, chased down and binned several eyeballs, and righted the tilting pot.  Though thankful the injuries weren’t serious, he loved being able to take care of Sherlock.  He aimed a rather soppy smile at his stroppy detective boyfriend on the couch.  He loved to feel needed, and when Sherlock gave him that grateful, adoring look…
“Problem, John?”  Sherlock quirked an eyebrow at him before turning to scan the scene through the door that had been left propped open a few inches.
“And now, all these years later, I’m so happy that we’ve..that we have become what we are to each other.  There are so many ways in which you are brilliant and amazing. But I knew my knee would give out before I could tell you everything I love about you, so that’s what the letter in the envelope is for.”
gave her.  Of course it was, I was just a constable then.  She was happy enough with it at the time.”
There was a titter from the audience.  John glanced at the stage. The Tarts were flexing their biceps, which in turn pulled their tunics up to show rather impressive bulges in their tights.  John suspected some of them had done some padding.
“Yes...it was all rather horrible.  We didn’t know ahead of time; Sherlock had been so busy in the months before that we’d hardly seen him, and I suppose he hadn’t wanted to upset us with everything going on with that awful man threatening them...so it was a shock when Mycroft arrived suddenly the evening it happened.  Our phones had been out of service all afternoon--looking back, I realize Mikey had probably arranged that so no one would call us before he could get here to tell us himself.”  Violet paused as she remembered it all.
He gave a last glare and huff of annoyance at the phone before sliding it back into his jacket pocket with a little more force than necessary before noticing the silence.
“Oh, no, dear, but thank you.  I did mine this afternoon, but I was missing something when I went to put it all away and came to see if I dropped it here.  Is everything quite all right?”
rugby mates were actually in London or close enough to make the trip in on short notice.  John was excited about catching up with the guys, but his enthusiasm was tempered with a bit of anxiety--how could he explain his life now, how could he explain
“So, um, I have a question, and it may be a rude question, I’m not sure what gay--would you refer to yourself as gay? Or no, bisexual?--people would consider to be too personal…”
“ Dr Watson.  Nice to see you.”  The boy had a good handshake, and thankfully looked enough like his mother that hopefully Sherlock wouldn’t immediately peg him as Mike’s son, if he wasn’t looking for a resemblance.
“And she kept touching her face while we were talking, just to make sure I couldn’t miss her diamond ring. Bloody thing.  Probably hoping I’d notice it’s bigger than the one
One night, a couple of weekends ago, John had taken a break from fake-crime-planning to meet up with Mike Stamford for a pint and had found himself telling Mike about his difficulties.  Of course, Mike was thrilled to hear that his flatmate-matching skills had proven right; perhaps he should take up a second career as Cupid?
“Yes, that was an awful time...what most people don’t know is that a criminal he’d been chasing for some time threatened to kill John, Greg, and his landlady, Mrs. Hudson, who’s always been like a doting aunt to him.  He faked his death to protect them...I know it sounds like something out of a movie, but that’s our Sherlock; he seems to
“Here. I put it all in a Marks & Spencer bag so that you wouldn’t look odd carrying it.”  Sherlock shoved the bag that had held his costume and now held his suit and Belstaff into John’s hands.
Sherlock gave him a rather warmer look than he expected, then started to look over him more carefully.
John had decided to go with a missing person case--urgent enough that John could convince Sherlock to go right away, but without having to acquire a body. He hadn’t been able to resist adding in some sentimental details that meant Sherlock was likely to see right through it, but hopefully he’d play along.
John sighed and willed himself to think about the rugby match on telly last night so that Sherlock wouldn’t read his nervousness on him.
“Good afternoon, sir!” A cheerful grandmotherly woman poked her head around the humongous arrangement she was assembling behind the counter.
“A toast to exes staying far away!”  Owen held up his glass and Lestrade clinked it with a grin.  Owen chugged the rest of the pint while Lestrade glared at his for being empty.”
“Um, well, he’s told me he’s planning to wear a green suit to mine, just to clash with the mint and peach colour scheme, but I’m pretty sure he was joking. I hope.”
John kept his eyes steadily trained on Sherlock’s left ear to avoid accidentally finding out if he’d dressed the left or right, and...
John nodded to an empty room as Sherlock darted back down the stairs.  He typed the name of the shop into a Google search before he could forget it and didn’t bother to waste any mental energy wondering what Sherlock had planned for tomorrow.
And here they were, tomorrow, in the cramped employees-only hallway of a dinner-theatre that boasted “Teatime with Treacle and the Tarts” every Tuesday and Friday afternoon through New Years.  The event had already started, so no one was backstage to question why John was keeping watch outside the door to make sure the scammer didn’t leave while Sherlock was in the bathroom changing into the clothes in the bag he’d come home with the night before.
“Oh, yes!  Our boys…”  Violet beamed over the glazed carrots.  “Here, I have a photo…”  She whipped out her phone and quickly pulled up her favorite picture.  The Fitzgeralds were impressed with how easily she navigated the smart phone.
John rolled his eyes and huffed.  Well.  He’d wondered why Mrs Hudson and her friends had been so keen on what sounded like an overly-sweet bit of fluff.  Treacle and the
“Yes, yes, both our sons are gay,” Violet continued nonchalantly, but mentally prepared to bite if their hosts said anything rude.  However, the Fitzgeralds had no interest in starting a row at the dinner table, and restricted themselves to nodding politely.
And thus all four had been caught grinning, and Violet and Siger were so charmed by the photo that they were considering blowing it up and framing it for the living room.  They had so few photos of both Mycroft and Sherlock together as adults, much less ones in which both were actually smiling and not giving the other the side eye.
Their “client” in this case was Mrs Hudson; another low life scamming the elderly in the name of a Christmas charity had popped up.
“Ah, yes.  One the one hand, having John in his life has given him stability and responsibility, and John’s a doctor, so he fusses at him to eat and sleep and all...but then, whenever there’s trouble John just jumps right into it with him.  They make quite a pair.”  Violet smiled fondly.
They ignored it for a few seconds, but as soon as the call went to voicemail, the buzzing started again.   John pulled back and nodded.
, John was sure).  He’d seen enough of the costume just from a glance in the bag before they left Baker Street to be quite thrilled to play the sidekick on this one.
)...a package of toe tags, same brand that Molly uses…a set of 18 gauge needles...notes about aneurysms, on a pad of paper with the St. Bartholomew logo...blood sample tube. Hmm.” Sherlock held the tube of blood up to the light before placing it back in the bag.  (The blood was actually Molly’s; John had asked her to draw his, just to add a touch of the macabre, but she had pointed out that Sherlock might notice a needle mark on him.  When John protested, she’d laughed and pointed out it was hardly the weirdest thing she’d ever done for Sherlock Holmes.)
so bad if the dog in question even deserved the praise.  Yipping incessantly, nipping at ankles, and missing half its fur!”
“Yeah...well.  Damn, the mental bastard.. I’ve got to tell you.  So first, after medical school, he...”
He watched until Sherlock’s lashes fluttered and he finally cracked one eye open and gave John a smile.
Now, as they walked around the to the alley, John shivered a bit as they passed right by the window that he’d once destroyed with a bullet.  It could have all been over then…  Sherlock didn’t say anything, but he stepped a bit closer and reached down to squeeze John’s hand.
coming back downstairs at any point for the rest of the night just in case Mrs Hudson brought that “old friend” home.  Although she would be well within her rights to have revenge for what she overheard from upstairs last month…
…”  Mrs Hudson snorted. Mary had never been her favourite, even when she was just the friendly nurse from the clinic.
Sherlock gave a quick cheeky grin--after all these years, he still puffed up when he managed to impress John.
Mrs. Hudson laughed good-naturedly as John quickly added a scoop of detergent without meeting her eyes.
“Um, yes, thank you, Angelo.  Wouldn’t seem right without the candle now.  Mrs Hudson will be there to answer the door and take the food.”
“No, stay here. I’m not going to confront the scammer tonight;  I just need some items for tomorrow.”
A weekend away?  In the park? On a holiday? Nah, Sherlock would roll his eyes at that.  Too predictable. Sherlock didn’t like being emotional in front of a crowd, so most of the ideas John found online were right out (renting out a movie theatre and filling it with family and friends, at the top of the Eiffel Tower, on the scoreboard at a sporting event).
As Sherlock resumed his previously scheduled moaning and wincing and flailing, John took in the two pots on the stove, the closest of which was now knocked on its side, still dripping boiling water (please let it just be water and not some floor-destroying acid...). The lid and a steaming tray were on the floor, and rolling merrily away in every direction from the hastily dropped steaming tray were...eyeballs.
Sherlock put down the violin.  He was trying to hide how pleased he was; probably a bit not good to be smug about one’s lover’s pain.
John grinned. “Oh god.  I thought you were going to come out with the old ‘so who’s the girl in the relationship’ question.”
“Ah, here!” Angelo produced a small black backpack from the coat rack behind the desk.  “This one; left it right in the booth, and hasn’t even called to ask about it!”
“Well, it’s all fine for YOU to say, but I’d rather wait.  Just in case it comes to...well, you know.”
Sherlock was elbow deep in a drowning victim entirely too early on a Thursday morning.  John and Molly were observing from just far enough away to avoid being splattered.
He almost turned and dashed; surely Sherlock would want some space from the person who had just been ogling him?
John was a bit surprised to be the second to arrive, after Paul, who had staked out a large corner booth.
“I have no idea what he was talking about or who was there; surely, if he was in danger, he wouldn’t have hung up, but it was all so strange!”
“Go on then, no bother,” from Kevin, and nods from a couple of others.  Kevin turned to ask Jimmy if his cute little sister was still single, but before he could open his mouth, his attention was diverted back to John’s phone call as soon as he heard the rather non-standard greeting:
.  The overall effect was rather over-the-top and definitely not in good taste, but apparently Sherlock could make even this ridiculous outfit look good.
“Hmm…tetchy today.” Sherlock gave a bit of a nod and then turned his attention back to prodding the entrails.  John desperately tried not to notice that they were twitching a bit as he stomped up the stairs to his room to change clothes.
“Oh!” Violet perked back up and gave the photo another loving look. “Greg is a Detective Inspector at Scotland Yard.  He’s got the highest solve rate of all the detectives; if you watch the news you’ve probably seen him on TV before when they have press conferences. Sherlock, our younger son, often works with him on major cases.”
John ignored Marc completely this time. “Just. Snogging.  Well, it turns out it was only dark in that corner because the street lamp had blinked out.  And Sherlock suddenly realised he’d dropped a cuff link.  And that’s why he was on his knees.”  Snorts of disbelief all around. “
Sherlock moved closer and stopped at a table only about ten feet from where John was peeking through the door.  His back was to John and, instead of walking around to reach over the diner’s shoulders to refill their water glasses, he stayed where he was and reached.  John couldn’t keep his eyes from following the hem of the tunic as Sherlock bent slightly as he stretched.  Up...up...and oh, god.  The delicious curves where arse cheeks met thighs came into view.  John’s hands clenched by his sides with the desire to
“Yes.  So much of it we didn’t know was happening until after it was over, so at least we were spared the worry at the time, but it made the shock that much worse when we did find out just what our dear boys had been through.  But enough of the hard times...they’re in the past now and we’re so happy with how our boys are doing now.”  Violet attempted a reassuring smile that really came across as more of a grimace.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and pulled him into an embrace.  John went along, but arched his back to quirk an eyebrow up at him. He didn’t trust him for a minute.
He’d been too focused on getting done with work to look out a window for a while, apparently.  The snow was falling thick and fast, and an inch and a half was already coating the tops of cars and any bit of ground that hadn’t been walked on.  The icy wind made him suck in a breath.
Siger beamed with pride at the photo, and then at their hosts.  He chuckled, “Never believed the “minor position” line myself, either.  For one thing, he’s always been too ambitious to be satisfied with “minor.” Saying that just avoids having to say “it’s classified” too many times in a day. And for another thing...the queen herself invited Mycroft and Greg to tea a few weeks before they got married...she said she never thought she’d see Mycroft marry--which we had thought ourselves for years--and wanted to meet the man who had changed his mind.  She was invited to the wedding, but was unfortunately unable to attend as it was the same weekend as the little prince’s birthday.  She sent a lovely note that was read at the reception, though.”
As she stirred the sugar into her drink, Molly was humming that love song by the ginger bloke--Eli? Evan? Ed? John couldn’t tell all these young singers apart--that the nurses at the clinic had played on repeat a couple of years back.  Her diamond ring glinted in the fluorescent lighting.
The sounds of bickering, one voice condescending and one voice snarky, met John halfway up the seventeen steps he was trudging up after a long day at the clinic. Mycroft. Lovely.  He winced and considered turning around and going to sit on a bench at the park for a while, but he really was tired and was at the point of needing tea so badly that he was willing to brave even a Holmes Brothers argument.
“M’here…” John placed a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back.  Sherlock gave him an odd little smile that John wasn’t sure he’d ever seen before.  “Go on, then.”
the fact--and I know you only did it so you can smirk at him and threaten to bring it up in front of your mum on the next holiday--but you were conveniently unreachable that night, considering we were there undercover on
can tell you.  They clash hideously.  Don’t you look in the mirror before you leave the house?” Lee jumped in.
“Absolutely not. I refuse. This case is barely a two. And besides, John’s already got plans tomorrow night, and I am
It was half eleven on Tuesday night, and John had two fingers buried deep inside his potential propose-ee and a nipple in his mouth when he had his next breakthrough moment.
The awkward twisting needed to rid himself of the damp jumper did at least mean a grimace of annoyance was on his face by the time Sherlock saw it again.  And then Sherlock dared to
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow; he had assumed John was not aware of his own tells and would take some convincing.
“Stay here, but be ready when I give the signal.”  Sherlock, thankfully, didn’t comment on John’s slight blush and slipped out into the room.  He took up a water pitcher and made his way through the crowd, stopping to fill glasses whenever he was close enough to overhear a bit of the conversation of the other colourfully-spandexed servers.
The talk turned to football while he was gone, but as soon as he’d settled back in with his new pint, Owen turned it back to the subject of divorce.
“What was that seagull carrying?” John craned his neck as if trying to get another glimpse of something that was now out of sight over the rooftop.
“John.” And with that, Sherlock yanked his trousers and pants down to his hips and had one of John’s balls in his mouth before John had quite caught up with what was happening.
“May I bring more punch for you, ladies?  Oh, dear, I’ve dropped your...”  He slowly bent to retrieve it, giving a nice long view of a well-muscled backside as the diaphanous tunic rode up.  The ladies tittered and he gave a cheeky grin as he placed it back on the table and proceeded to take a count of additional punch glasses needed.
a genius, and she could read between the lines of the stories her sons told and knew she was getting the sanitized version.  Both her sons were in positions in which someone might try to get to them through their family.  Better to take precautions, she supposed.
“And then they’ll invite us in return, and then you’ll insist we be polite and invite them again, and…and they’ll be keen to keep up the acquaintance since you mentioned the Queen; I saw Charles’s eyes light up…”
thankful that his role in this particular undercover operation was to stay out of the way and be inconspicuous until Sherlock’s ploy got out of hand (and it
be attracted to both women and men, but since he was fine with women he’d never chosen to act on any attraction he felt to a man.  He supposed it was a bit of self-preservation after witnessing the screaming matches between his father and sister when he was a teenager; women were just
(nevermind that it wasn’t “blokes”, plural, just this one rather unusual one).  Or maybe they would react with hostility.  He wanted to think the best of them all, but it had been years since he’d seen some of them;
When he returned to poke at the tomato-covered wall (which was now drawing ants), John ventured a hint.
“Oh, John.  He hasn’t said anything, but I see the way he looks at you.  I think that he’s still so surprised to have what you two have now that he hasn’t dared hope for more.”
“Then I heard him say, ‘Oh, you again?  I left it at the restaurant.  Teddy, I’ve got to go.”  And then he hung up.
smirk.  He was giggling by the time he made it into Mike’s office, though; two ladies in the doorway of the office next door were giving him to oddest look for delivering flowers to Stamford.
The next morning (afternoon, actually, as Sherlock pointed out), when John’s hangover subsided enough his brain could handle something other than crap telly, he replayed the evening in his head.
By the time he made it to the sitting room, Sherlock was tapping away furiously on his laptop.  John automatically headed toward the kettle to start tea before remembering that he was sloshing already and changing course to flop into his chair.  He’d barely settled in before Sherlock was dumping the laptop (of course he’d been using John’s) on his lap.
“Oh, fuck…” John pressed those lovely hands harder against his jeans.  “I’ll show you what you can do with those hands…”
think we should move it up to tonight.  Sherlock’s tracked his movements and he won’t be alone until 3 am at least, and probably not until tomorrow.  And tomorrow night’s our best shot of catching him with as few people around as possible.”
John glanced around a bit frantically.  No way to take the call privately without making three people get up and move to let him out.  Besides, Mycroft’s calls were usually short and to the point.  He thought about just not answering, but there was always that niggling fear:
Then again, he had some reason to be wary of smart phones.  Last time Sherlock had visited he’d set some blaring alarm to go off if his phone was touched, meaning to play a prank on Mycroft, but he’d forgotten about it and needed to know immediately the range of the Monarch butterfly and asked his father to pass him his phone.  Fortunately, the phone survived being tossed across the room when Siger flailed with shock.  John had glared Sherlock into apologizing, but Siger still approached smartphones with caution.
“Of course you did.”  They were both smiling giddily.  John rested his forehead on Sherlock’s thigh and took a deep breath before meeting Sherlock's eye again.  “Okay, I’ll be serious.  You are the most brilliant, caring, amazing, sexy, insufferable, beautiful, maddest person I’ve ever met, and I love you more than I ever realized it was possible to love another person.”
that he had a boyfriend. (Boyfriend...boyfriend.  Still made him giggle a bit when he thought about it.  But partner led to awkward conversation about business partner vs. romantic partner, lover made him sound like a lecherous old man or an overwrought poet, and significant other really just seemed like dodging the question and then having to explain anyhow when she pronouns started to be used, so what else would he call him?).
“Ha, no, let me finish, damn it.  So we went out front to get a taxi, but it was late, and he looked so damn good in that suit...and there was a dark corner over around the side of the building.”
John’s plan was for the evidence at the “crime scene” to lead back to Angelo’s, and so he paid in advance for a takeaway box to be ready that evening for Wiggins to collect.  Wiggins was to eat half of it, then splatter the rest around the scene at the college, with the bag and receipt left nearby for Sherlock to notice.
“Don’t worry!  I’ve been gushing about my wedding to anyone who’ll listen for months.  It’s about time he had a turn.  Besides, after what he said about my skirt with the daisies, he
“Um…just a moment.”  She held up a hand to stop him and stepped fully into the room. “I need to explain…it’s Mrs Johnson, and there’s a bit of a situation…”
He then cheerfully pocketed the phone and turned back to 221, where Mrs Hudson was waiting to provide him with the large batch of biscuits she’d promised him.  John had paid the boy, of course, but these Uni students always appreciated something homemade, and if this day ended with her very own married ones, well.  She just might have to send regular care packages.
“What do you mean, what ASBOs?  The ones from when Sherlock and I got a bit..um..carried away outside the Royal Opera House…”
an MI6 if you can’t trust the damn spies?  But I think this one’s gonna even the score for taking care of the ASBOs last month.”
“So sorry...I’ve got to take this…” he mumbled an apology as he scowled at his phone.  “It’ll be brief, if you all don’t mind, I don’t want to make you all move…”
The neglected laundry that had piled up gave him an excuse to go downstairs and analyze his findings without being observed. The scene of actual housework taking place could be counted upon to be a Sherlock-free zone.
“God, Mycroft!  I would say that this time the odds are significantly better.  If he’ll have me, that is.  Well, maybe not by the end of the week; I'm still working on a plan. But by the end of the month, unless a major case comes up to keep us busy. ”
This was obviously going to be fast and hard, so John grabbed Sherlock’s shoulders and held on.  Sherlock had one hand around the base of his cock and one squeezing an arse cheek and was bobbing his head just. right.
“...Rob’s been acting a bit odd lately, keeping secrets, but things between us have been great.  Honestly, I thought...I thought he might be getting cold feet about getting married.”  Teddy looked down shyly at his hands.  “But, god, now...if he’s dead…”  Sniffle.
And someone was carrying a large bag of some particularly…fragrant would be the polite word, but John wasn’t much in the mood for polite at this point, so fucking nasty it was…foodstuff.  He had time to pick out both something fermented and something fried in old oil and still dripping with it, the kinds of smells that clung to your nose hairs.
“John.”  Sherlock tossed the remote back onto the chair and stalked across the room straight for him.  John dropped his gaze from the intense eye contact.  Looking down did not help.
John Watson was bent over the desk in the sitting room with his pants shoved down around his knees when he had the most brilliant thought he’d ever had.
“Yeah, that’s what I was thinking.  Just, um, see if he says anything.  Really, more about marriage in general than just weddings; I’d be fine with something small if it’s the big party he objects to.”
and continued.  “My intentions were to reset the breaker this morning or to ask you to on your way out.  However, just after you left—and you seemed a bit rushed, so I didn’t want to burden you with it…”
“You bloody tease, with your hand on my thigh!  I had to think of your experiment with the pig entrails just so I could walk out of the bar without embarrassing myself!”
John tried to appear distracted, glancing at his phone, hoping she would assume he hadn’t heard her.
?! …Well? I’m right, aren’t I? You needed me to be the devastated best friend so you could swan around the world under the radar!” John was keeping back the tears with sheer force of will alone and his Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed to regain some composure before he whispered accusingly. “How could you do that to me? I thought we were friends!”
Sherlock stood from the kitchen table, he felt dizzy, he felt drunk. Possibilities that he’d never allowed himself to entertain were flooding his brain in such a torrent that he could barely discern one thought from the other. The detective walked into the living room and picked up his violin and held it to try and ground himself. He sank into his chair and began to absently pluck at the strings.
At a loss of what else to do, Sherlock decided to check out the bathroom attached to the room. He stopped in the doorway as he took in the surroundings. The killer had obviously cleaned themself up before they left the crime scene. What was notable about this was the difference in atmosphere from the bedroom.
John was jolted out of his thoughts by the sound of footsteps coming up the stairs. He watched in silence as his door opened to reveal Sherlock holding on to the Steed garment bag. At spotting the doctor’s rather heated scowl, Sherlock wisely said nothing, hanging it from the hook on the back of the door before retreating back to the relative safety of the kitchen.
“Exhausted but still able to hold his own in a philosophical debate with Mycroft, it was rather amusing to watch actually.” Sherlock tore open four of the sachets and poured them into his drink, grabbing a plastic stirrer to mix it in.
“That’s very magnanimous of you, Sergeant, I suppose I could refrain from voicing anything I deduce about your personal life in future, in the spirit of this continued… truce.” Sherlock held Sally’s gaze when she flicked her eyes over his face to gauge his sincerity before nodding slightly in agreement and the pair fell into silence as they waited.
“I know, Greg, it was out of your hands. Don’t keep beating yourself up about it.” John told him as he pulled his phone out of his pocket to take it off of silent mode and blinked. “What the hell?! I have seventeen missed calls and god knows how many messages! …Oh no, they’re all from journalists, they must have caught wind of Sherlock being back from the dead. Fantastic.” John pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration.
“You’ve managed to surprise me once again, John. I now know it’s possible to want to hug someone tightly and shake them silly for their blindness at the same time, thank you for this insight. Only you could look at yourself and see anything other than a brilliant and amazing person.” Sherlock pulled John closer to him, staring down at his confused flatmate with a gentle smile as he wrapped his long arms around him.
As the doctor reached into his bag to get his gloves, he noticed some deep indentations in the carpet.
“Yeah, that’s not going to happen.” John said shortly before looking back over his shoulder, “Thanks for the escorts today, Greg, call me when you next have a day off and we’ll go for a pint. Mrs Hudson, I’m probably going to have a nap now so don’t disturb me unless something’s on fire or someone’s dy…”
“That’s good of you, Dr Watson. I’d say that you owed me nothing for the shopping but I can tell you’re a man who can’t stand owing a debt.” Doyle had opted to come and stand in the doorway of the kitchen rather than sit down.
“It was isolating too. For a long time, I was in a holding pattern, waiting for the signal to start leaving backdoors in the system for outside agents. I had to keep track of every innocuous detail or anecdote I told, to make sure the story stayed consistent. I became an expert on Russian soap operas, it gave me something to chat about with the others.” Sherlock smiled at watching John biting his lip to stop from laughing, knowing how excruciating that would have been for the genius.
“Are you hurt anywhere else?” Sherlock asked softly as he traced the edges of the injury with gentle fingers. John slipped off his jacket wordlessly and rolled up his left sleeve to show another smaller bruise on his elbow. “You could have broken your leg… or your neck.”
Sherlock jumped to his feet when he heard the water running, striding in to the kitchen and filling the kettle, turning it on. He dug out two mugs and prepared the tea. He began looking through the cupboards for some biscuits or something for John to eat, deciding he needed to take his friend out soon to get a proper meal in him for once.
The tone of the SMS messages passing between Mr Price and Ms Walters was nothing but professional, the receiving and confirming of instructions, reminders of meetings and the organising of travel and accommodation. The WhatsApp messages were another matter entirely, giving Sherlock all the evidence he needed of a long standing affair. In fact, Holly had sent him a message at 6:15pm last night asking Jonathan to meet her urgently at the cliffs.
The doctor was just passing Park Square when he felt a sharp scratch to his neck and the sensation that the bottom was falling out of the world beneath him.
It was another hour and a half before John Watson arrived back at 221 Baker Street. He was starving but he had barely anything in his flat so it looked like he was ordering in tonight.
“That’s only because none of those women you dated were good enough for you, with the exception of Sarah, she had potential.” Sherlock’s tone was full of contempt as he waved his hand dismissively. John smirked a little bit before his phone rang, he dug it out of his pocket and frowned at the caller ID,
“As a last throw of the dice, I enlisted. I thought that if there was a real chance of me dying then they might finally take some interest in me while I was still alive. Worked about as well as Harry announcing she was gay. But as it turned out, the Army was perfect for me, it was a place where my hard work was noticed and I fit right in. I decided then that blood doesn’t have to mean anything, you can pick your family if you really want to.” John fell silent after that, staring into the fireplace, no doubt reliving his happier times with the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.
“That went pretty well, I think.” John commented to his partner as the driver pulled off. Sherlock made a noise of acknowledgement, pulling John into his chest and wrapping his arms around his shoulders to hold him tightly.
“There wasn’t any shock, it was like my brain went ‘Oh right, ok then.’ I sent Harry a text, put my phone in my pocket and started walking to Tesco’s again when it hit me.” Despite the bandages, John gripped his mug tightly with both hands as he turned his face away from his friend, he was flushed.
Throwing back the covers, John got up carefully, reaching for his robe and pulling it back on. As annoying as his lingering rib injuries were, he knew he was lucky that he was even walking just ten days after falling three storeys on to concrete, albeit with a crutch. He wasn’t religious by nature, not really, but he couldn’t help thinking that someone had been watching over him that day.
“Yeah, well, this time my hunch was right and there was a guy hiding in the back of the couch. Any other day and the victim would have rearranged the living room just before they were killed and I’d look like a paranoid berk. Anyway, can’t you get Mycroft to do something about those parasites out there?” John changed the subject and waved an annoyed hand towards the front door.
He slapped himself sharply across the face, taking his terror and shoving it into a hastily erected broom cupboard marked ‘LATER’ in his Mind Palace and locking it tightly.
John woke up slowly, he had a brief moment of disorientation where he wasn’t sure where he was before he remembered he’d swapped rooms with Sherlock. This bed was much more luxurious than his own, it was just the right balance between comfort and support and it made the short snatches of sleep he got a lot more restful than they’d otherwise be.
John was eating breakfast at the kitchen table when Sherlock emerged from his bedroom. The detective picked up the fresh cup of tea that the doctor had made for him and took a long inhale.
“Not that ‘The World is Not Enough’ was one of Daniel Craig’s, mind.” John chimed in with a grin as the trio came to room number 4. The door was closed over and Lestrade pushed it gently. Sherlock heard the doctor gasp before he murmured breathlessly. “That… is an awful lot of blood.”
“Even if I believed that was your real reason for getting them, which I don’t, it doesn’t explain why you’ve kept them unopened nor why you were trying to hide them from me. You keep your lidocaine plasters and other painkillers in the medicine cabinet. So why not do that with these, hmm?” John could hear Sherlock tapping his foot impatiently, waiting for a response.
“Sherlock Holmes! I would never have figured you for being such a pleasure seeker.” John was attempting to sound scandalised but the effect was promptly undermined by the way he groaned when the detective nibbled lightly on his earlobe.
John had been back at Baker Street for a couple of days now. Sherlock had swapped bedrooms with him for the time being because the extra set of stairs would leave the doctor exhausted and sweating if he tried to tackle them on his own several times a day, which he would because John Watson was as stubborn as a mule and twice as infuriating.
is ever done about it!” The doctor seethed, standing back up and running a hand through his brown hair that was greying noticeably at the temples.
“Right, so imagine for now that I’m you and this plate is me, ok?” The doctor asked, holding the plate vertically at arm’s length. When Sherlock nodded, John opened his hand and the plate fell to the ground, cracking into three big pieces and a couple of smaller splinters before John spoke to it on the floor. “Sorry about that, but it was a necessary action to save your life… Now, did apologising and offering an explanation to the plate fix it?”
“Don’t move, yo- John? John! Thank God, it’s you!” Sherlock immediately let go of the stunned doctor as he hastily repocketed the firearm. “Your supervisor called me because you didn’t show up to work. I spoke to Mycroft and he checked the CCTV for me. He saw you being taken and tracked you to this house. I came to rescue you… but apparently you had it all in hand.” Those deducing eyes were combing all over his friend, telling the story of his brief captivity.
“No, there’s only dots and no dashes so it can’t be that.” Sherlock replied as he pulled out his pocket magnifier for a closer look. “But it was made very deliberately so it’s definitely a message of some kind, we just have to translate it.”
“Has being up here helped you to think?” The detective tugged his gloves up higher on his hands, wishing he had some thicker ones for once. John nodded in answer, turning so he was facing Sherlock straight on.
“Only because I was kidnapped by the criminal equivalent of a coral polyp. I used your trick of deducing him till he attacked me then overpowered him. He’s tied up in the cellar ready for the police.” John spotted a sign with the street name on it, pulling his phone out to send a message to Lestrade informing him of the address and a criminal he needed to arrest when he got the chance.
“That… is a very good question.” John’s voice was so low it was almost inaudible. As Sherlock crept a step closer, he noticed the moonlight reflecting off dried salt on John’s face. He’d been crying in his sleep, his subconscious feeding on the upset of the day.
“Some people are just too sensitive these days.” Sherlock replied dryly as John’s phone rang again, he sighed deeply and answered it this time.
a nice suit…” Sherlock admitted as he came up behind his lover and straightened out his collar. “But it’s not suitable for every occasion, and it’s obvious that it’s not been properly fitted. You’re slimmer at the hips than your clothes size would normally dictate and your trouser legs don’t have a clean line because you’ve taken them up.”
“I went to speak to Madison; we were having coffee and I gave her one last chance. I informed her that I made the complaint, that I saw her husband slipping notes into his wallet from patrons and she insisted that I was mistaken. So I drugged her, took her to the bed and told her that if she wanted to act blind then I’d make it a reality for her.” Sherlock stared at Chen’s face, it was the face of someone at war with themselves, with what is right and wrong.
“Greg.” John moved his head slightly to repeat his nod to the Inspector who had a paper cup containing whatever passed for coffee in this hospital, it was probably tepid and barely palatable.
There was a pile of discarded clothes sitting in the bottom of the shower stall, the perpetrator had taken a shower and changed into another outfit that they had brought along with them. Sherlock could smell strong bleach in the air, it was almost as overpowering as the scent of blood was in the other room.
“Alright, let’s go to my office and I’ll give you the access you need. I can also walk you through the policy on donations.” Nick looked uncomfortable with the situation but seemed to accept that they needed to get to the bottom of this, especially if he wanted to go home any time soon. As he led them away, John took the opportunity to get some social background on the players in this case.
“Shock and blood loss, you need it and eat these too.” The detective nudged the packet of biscuits closer to his flatmate. He grabbed his own cup and sat down next to the doctor, giving him his undivided attention, he hadn’t seen him this upset since he came back to life.
“I’m fine...” Sherlock answered reflexively, even though he knew he sounded very far from ‘fine’. He swiftly changed the subject to deflect Greg’s attention. “I just can’t help wondering how many men Callahan abused, he was there for fifteen years after all. He had plenty of opportunities what with the wrestling and the rugby.” Sherlock froze as thoughts and snippets of conversations started to replay in his mind, making connections he hadn’t previously seen.
Lestrade had noticed that the doctor had gone quiet and was about to speak but John raised his hand to silence him.
“Alright, alright, no need to lay it on so thick! Thank you but don’t make me out to be some sort of hero, there’s no such thing, remember?” John was too busy pushing himself up from his chair to see the stricken look flash across the detective’s face. “I’m going to go lie down for a bit and get a nap.” He grabbed his crutch and shuffled down the hall into Sherlock’s room and closed the door behind him with a click.
“How are you feeling right now?” The detective asked as he untied the rubber tubing, watching as John flexed his hand experimentally to restore blood flow, test how it felt and his range of motion. He gave an incredulous little laugh at the question.
“Thank you, Sally, I appreciate it.” The ex-soldier replied sincerely as he stood back up and took his kit from her. “Right, where’s the body?” The Detective Sergeant led the way with a smile and John found himself grateful they’d managed to get past the initially god-awful tension and awkwardness the first few times their paths crossed at crime scenes after Sherlock’s name was cleared.
John woke up the next morning with a start, he groaned as his body reminded him that sleeping in his chair wasn’t the best idea he’d ever had. He glanced at his watch and realised he’d only had four hours sleep at best, having collapsed in emotional and physical exhaustion after trying to process that Sherlock wasn’t actually dead.
As he got nearer, Sherlock caught a brief flash of movement in the reflection in the glass of one of the third floor offices. Two people appeared to be grappling with each other before John came flying through the window in a shower of shards. There was a scream, and Sherlock honestly had no idea which of them it came from as his body locked up in horror.
“Look, Mr Manning, I know you don’t want to believe any of your employees are dishonest but the fastest way to prove that is to let my colleague and I see the books. A list of the charitable events you’ve organised for the RNIB and an explanation how these are accounted for in the system would also be very helpful.” Sherlock could be charming when he wanted to be, which was usually only when he was trying to get something out of someone.
“Bullshit…” John’s curse surprised both the brothers, making them look down at him in shock but the former soldier met their gazes steadily. “I’ve never heard anything so idiotic in my whole life and I’ve heard plenty of stupid things. I am a man who cares, cares a lot if we’re all honest here. Yet in a crisis situation like last night, I am able to work effectively and efficiently. I can push my body past its limits, going without food, water and rest far longer than under normal circumstances. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“I’ll remind you of this next time I accidentally melt one of the appliances.” Sherlock replied as he lifted his wine glass of not-ice cider, smiling teasingly over the rim as he took a sip. John chuckled and shook his head good naturedly.
“Initial stages: It cannot be stressed enough that you must not rush this stage. You are laying the groundwork for a more fulfilling and enjoyable conclusion for all concerned here. Time invested now will not be wasted. You need to nurture your cheese, making sure to maintain optimum conditions for the beneficial growth that you are looking for.”
“Fine, don’t tell me. It’s past midnight, I’m tired and I’m going to bed. Take painkillers if your head is sore. Goodnight.” John stated, getting to the threshold of the door by the time Sherlock decided to speak, his voice even and cold.
“Does the fact our suspect carried her here rule out someone who is blind?” Greg asked as he jotted down everything the Consulting Detective said in his notepad.
“Here, I got you a tea. I put double your normal amount of sugar in it.” Greg told the detective, passing the drink over. “The security guard had fled the estate by the time we got there but every officer in the Met is looking for him. The Doc is one of ours and we look after our own.” Sherlock made a small noise of acknowledgement as he blew on his drink and took a sip.
Once he’d had some tea and scones, the doctor grabbed his medical bag and set about bandaging his left hand. He put some padding over his bruised knuckles before using medical tape to strap and support it.
“Mrs Hudson sounds like she’s doing alright for herself if she’s been fussing over John and the damp.” Sherlock’s eyes flashed with warmth at the mention of his landlady, who he held in the highest esteem.
“Ok, so that explains why you jumped. But why did you stay away for nearly two years?” John’s voice was hoarse with supressed emotions, he had a stranglehold on his feelings that mirrored the grip he had on his own body.
“Eighteen months later and he’s on a pedestal that he never wanted to be on, ‘The Reichenbach Hero’, Europe’s golden boy. It was my doing so I tried to warn him, prepare him for what was coming… because I knew that the only thing the viewing public loves more than a meteoric rise to fame is a dramatic fall from grace… and yes, I chose that phrase deliberately.” Sherlock’s gasp had echoed the few audible from the press as John’s eyes flashed in fury.
“We had a bit of a scuffle and he winded me, I’m fine though. Let’s get out of here.” John reassured Sherlock and the five of them headed out of the alley and back to the main street where a larger police presence was waiting for them. Falcon was put in the back of a squad car and John spotted Lestrade and Mycroft standing at the edge of proceedings.
“But hey, why let the truth ruin a great headline, right? God forbid that anyone might double check the details before hysterically accusing a man of staging crimes, planting bombs and abducting children. The press and the media hold so much power over the masses, they can make the public believe whatever they want them to. Is it too much to expect that when a person’s whole life and reputation is at stake, that the press will exercise that influence carefully and with discretion?” John paused for a moment before he let out one of his gusty sighs, a sign that despite his words, he didn’t expect anything to change. Not permanently at any rate.
“Callahan was demoted two years ago for dishonourable conduct. Names weren’t mentioned but a fellow officer at the Academy reported what appeared to be an inappropriate relationship with a male cadet. It was the third official complaint against him in the space of seven years.” Greg nodded to a file sitting on the dash.
John didn’t dare turn around, he just stared at the wood in front of his nose, painfully aware of the sound of his own breathing as he tried not to panic.
a new suit. I have a suit. I will wear that suit to dinner with your mum and dad in two weeks’ time.” John was speaking very clearly and slowly, the way he tended to do when he wanted the detective to know he was being exceptionally serious and not to argue with him.
“I came up with a plan. I texted Harvey, turns out he hadn’t changed his phone number, arrogant bastard. I told him I missed him, that I wanted to see him again, laid out in explicit detail exactly what I wanted him to do to me. He was wary to start with but eventually his lust won out and he agreed to meet me.” Morgan’s lip curled up in disdain, it seemed he’d picked up a thing or two about how to manipulate someone from Callahan, then used that skill against him.
“I suggest you step on it, Lestrade, Bartley’s left what sounds like a suicide note on the ACAS forum.” The Detective Inspector took one look at Sherlock’s face before turning on his hidden lights and sirens as he stepped on the throttle, he grabbed his radio and asked for back up and an ambulance to meet them at the address.
As it was, another six patients didn’t make it that night, and that was only the ones John was involved with. He had no doubt that the total death toll for the explosion was likely to be much higher. But he had given everything and done what he could. As the doctor grabbed his coat from the staff room, he saw streaks of light threatening to break over the horizon through the window. He glanced at his watch and saw it was just after seven in the morning.
Once they were inside and parked, they were both escorted into the administration building, being shown into a large office. The Major was a grizzled middle aged man with a scar that ran down the left side of his face. As he shook their hands, Sherlock made his initial deductions.
Sherlock looked on with an air of numb horror as Morgan deteriorated rapidly, he stopped breathing then he went into complete cardiac arrest. They worked on him for a full ten minutes before they admitted defeat. Sherlock didn’t even realise he was shaking until Greg put a hand on his shoulder.
“I’m his wife, Aimee Price. What’s this about? We’ve already spoken to the pol-” The woman was interrupted when a teary voice called from farther inside.
“Nnngh! Fucking basement walls!” John spat out as he cradled his fist close to his chest and walked over to the sink, running his bloodied knuckles under the cold tap. “Well, that’s broken. Lovely.” The doctor grumbled to himself as he tried to flex his fingers. Sherlock found himself rather relieved that he hadn’t been on the receiving end of that punch after all.
The doctor was currently combing through the disclosures of related party transactions for any suspicious movements of money.
“No signal?” Sherlock questioned, getting a nod in return. “You should climb back up and head back to the cabin, you could call for help from there. It shouldn’t take too long for someone from mountain rescue to arrive.” He could tell from the look on John’s face that he did not like the idea of leaving the detective alone one bit.
“I was right about Allatel, they are very socially responsible for a large company. They’ve donated at least ten million pounds to charitable causes every financial year according to these statements. It doesn’t say who or break that figure down into individual amounts in here though.” Sherlock was using a green highlighter to mark out the amounts on the sheet he was reading. John had an idea and pulled out his phone.
“You remember you told me about times when it feels like you have a million different thoughts in your head all at once? You can’t think straight because it’s just too noisy in there?” His flatmate glanced up at the detective who nodded. “Well I feel like that too sometimes. When it’s too quiet outside my head and too loud inside it… I get overwhelmed.”
“You were right, one broken rib that had punctured your right lung leading to a tension pneumothorax, the paramedics that arrived shortly after you passed out performed an emergency needle aspiration to release the air from your chest cavity. Scans showed that the tear was minor and indeed it’s already sealed itself without further surgical intervention.” Sherlock’s tone was matter-of-fact but the former soldier could read the flashes of emotion in his eyes.
“Uh, sorry about that. I don’t kn- um, I mean… it’s nothing, forget it.” John cleared his throat, averting his gaze for a moment before forcing his face back into a neutral expression and looking to the detective again. “Anyway, carry on. What did Callahan do?” Sherlock placed his tea back down on the table in a deliberate manner and steepled his fingers.
“You’ve called an ambulance?” Lestrade asked under his breath, Sherlock gave a curt nod. “John? John, can you tell me where it hurts? Can you feel your legs?” The former soldier was bleeding from the back of his head, plus his left knee was at a slightly unnatural angle and he had several cuts from the glass. Of course, that was only what could be seen on the surface.
:: It depends but dishonourable conduct is one, insubordination and disrespecting an officer can do it. Going AWOL too. It’s down to the circumstances of each case. – JW ::
There was no way his parents could afford to send him to university so he worked hard to earn a full scholarship to study medicine at St Barts. It came with a bursary for living expenses but it didn’t cover much more than rent, so again, he worked part time around his studies but his marks suffered for it. That’s when he saw an advertisement by the British Army, they offered him a generous stipend to complete his degree as long as he enlisted with them for a minimum of six years.
“Mrs Teller probably knew her killer, there were two coffee mugs on the table that I spotted when we passed the living room. I’d suggest taking them to test for our mysterious drug. Once it took effect, she was carried from the living room and laid out on the bed. There’s no sign of drag marks so we can surmise that our killer is fairly strong and taller than the victim.” Sherlock was imagining the scene in his mind’s eye, moving around the room in a deliberate manner.
“A ransom? Fantastic! Do you have any idea what you are even doing?! You’ll never get away with this, and do you wanna know why?” The doctor fought to keep his volume at an even level. “I’m not the world’s only Consulting Detective but he’s taught me enough that I know you got the morphine you used to drug me from caring for your terminally ill relative who has recently died. My condolences.” The last part wasn’t sarcasm, John was a lot of things and cruel wasn’t one of them.
“Really? I would have thought that would be the natural inference from how ‘hands on’ I can be in various other parts of my life.” Sherlock spoke directly into John’s ear, purposefully lowering the pitch of his voice. “Now, doctor, I believe the correct treatment for an injury such as this is to alternate cold then warmth, so I’m sure you’ll agree that a hot bath is an excellent idea… Medically supervised, of course.” He felt justifiably smug when it took John two swallows before he could answer.
“The canteen at New Scotland Yard, I didn’t really steal them either. Sally saw me but she guessed they were for you and let me get away with it.” Sherlock put them all on the table with a small butter knife before sinking back in his chair. “So what should we talk about now?”
As Sherlock walked, his mind inevitably wandered away. They hadn’t really checked the cabin out properly, John had been desperate to go for a hike in the bracing Cumbrian air so they’d just dumped their bags in the living room, grabbed a map and headed back out. Mycroft had mentioned something about a jacuzzi style bathtub though, Sherlock was so busy allowing himself to imagine taking a long soak with John later that he didn’t hear his name being called until it was too late.
A little later and John was walking to work, it was a brisk morning and he felt his senses awakening as he watched London coming to life. He loved doing this twenty minute walk to the UCH, it gave him some quiet time that he rarely got at home or work.
They arrived at the second crime scene not long later, they had briefly detoured to Baker Street for John to grab his gun, its familiar presence tucked into the waistband of his jeans was a huge comfort. They were ushered into a small RNIB charity shop tucked away in Southwark; the Inspector was stood at the threshold of a doorway that led off the shop floor.
“Not as well as Arnold seeing as he was under my direct supervision and she was in PR. I’m saddened by what’s happened but I wouldn’t have put my relationship with Madison any higher than work acquaintances.” Mr Manning answered as they finally got to his office. He let the three of them in and locked the door behind them.
“It’s fine, just breathe. You can tell us later when you’re patched up and full of lovely opiates… Though that might adversely affect the reliability of your testimony.” The weak attempt at a joke was accompanied by a strained smile, but the effort at levity was appreciated judging by the look in the doctor’s eyes.
“John.” Sherlock replied in the same tone, the doctor noted his hair was messier than usual, he guessed that Sherlock had been running his hand through it in his worry.
“Why do you always go when she calls you to help her get home? It’s not like she’s ever grateful, in fact she usually begs you for money and then curses you out when you won’t give it to her.” Sherlock asked him in an honestly puzzled tone, this was one of the things that he had real trouble understanding. John still remembered the look on the detective’s face the time when Harry had given him a black eye for his trouble.
“Dr Watson cashed in on a lot of the good will that you both had built up to get the help he needed. Army contacts that owed him a favour, past grateful clients, he contacted anyone and everyone that he thought might be able to help him… Everyone except me that is.” Mycroft was glaring into his glass with a complex expression.
“Alexa Harris, aged 25, lived here with her fiancé, Patrick Underwood. Neighbour called the police at hearing a loud row, not unusual, but the screaming afterwards was. Uniformed officers looked in the front window and saw her lying on the floor and forced entry.” The pair of them walked in sync, having done this routine a number of times in the last six months, they’d got it down to a fine art.
He hadn’t been able to identify any victims but from his intense study of the subject matter, Sherlock was soon able to identify a pattern. Once a target was identified there came a period where the abuser would befriend them and build up trust. Groomers are usually experts in human nature, able to present themselves as the perfect friend and partner. Once the connection has been established and cemented, they gradually sexualise the relationship.
“If that’s not enough to convince you of how extraordinary you are, then the fact you’ve taught me - shown me, that caring can save lives, that love doesn’t have to be a detriment, that it can be turned into an asset in the right circumstances is truly incredible. In a world that is often cruel for no good reason, you refuse to let it crush your compassionate spirit, you never give up or compromise who you are. I think better with you bes-” John couldn’t hold back any longer, he surged upwards, pressing his lips to Sherlock’s and swallowing his little gasp of shock.
“Even without Callahan’s murder, something would have happened to bring this out, another grooming case perhaps, it was just a matter of time… you know how I know?” Sherlock spoke in a soft and soothing tone. John started to tremble harder, he clenched his hands into fists as he shook his head. “Because someone recently told me that even if you can put your emotions aside, you have to make time for them when the coast is clear.” John let out a watery surprised laugh followed by a hiccough at having his own words used against him.
“Thanks for coming you two, I appreciate it. The photographers are just taking their pictures then I’ll let you at the scene. Nothing else has been touched. There’s a handful of odd things about this one so it’s right up your street, Sherlock.” Greg led them into the large semi-detached house where John and the DI split off to pull on some protective clothing. Sherlock was looking around the hallway when he felt eyes on him and he turned to see Sally Donovan standing there.
I feel compelled to point out that if you took a moment to re-examine your prior objections to such things, then I think you’ll find a lot of them no longer apply.” Mycroft picked at a non-existent thread on his sleeve as Sherlock simply stared at him.
Yes, now Sherlock was looking in the window to see what caught John’s attention.  John watched out of the corner of his eye.  Sherlock’s eyes lingered just a moment longer than necessary, too.
The pale blue tights were just that...tight.  They perfectly showed every muscle of Sherlock’s long legs. The v-neck shimmery silver top was of flowy fabric but still somehow tight across the chest, and so sheer that John was pretty sure Sherlock’s nipples would show clearly if he got the slightest bit cold.  A belt of blue and silver cord emphasized his slim waist, and below the belt, the shirt was just long enough to cover his arse and...ahem.  John stopped thinking completely for a couple of seconds.  Well, long enough if Sherlock stayed quite still and didn’t bend
John glanced around a bit frantically.  No way to take the call privately without making three people get up and move to let him out.  Besides, Mycroft’s calls were usually short and to the point.  He thought about just not answering, but there was always that niggling fear:
“Our older son...the one on the left, there...that’s Mycroft.  He works in the government. From what he tells us, it seems to be mostly diplomacy and negotiations, strategizing, meetings with politicians… A lot of what he does is classified, so he doesn’t discuss the details much.  He insists he has only a minor position, but I think that’s just because he doesn’t like to be in the spotlight.  He’s always been the running-the-show-from-behind-the-scenes type,” Violet explained.  Laurina had gone on and on about her Emily’s teaching awards, so she felt fully justified in indulging herself in the type of motherly bragging she so rarely got the chance to do.
Snapping out of his reminiscing, he rejoined the conversation. “Oh...no, not yet.  We had a dead tree removed last fall, and I’ve thought of replacing it with an apple tree, but haven’t decided for sure yet.”
“Eh, I guess?  But really, I know it looks like it what with the timing and all, but my feelings for him really aren’t just a reaction to her.  I’d always been attracted to him, but I just couldn’t accept that being with him in that way was possible, mostly because I’d never dated a man before, and didn’t think he’d be interested.  It was just once she was gone there was finally nothing to hide behind, nothing in the way…”  John was rambling again, but he wanted it to be understood that Sherlock was the love of his life, not a consolation prize or a rebound.
He’d been scrubbing his hands (again) after that fiasco, daydreaming about his leftover Indian food in the fridge (disgusting rash or no; not much could take away his appetite anymore), when he heard the screaming.
He couldn't ask Mrs Hudson her opinion on whether he should propose.  She was such a romantic that she’d squeal and then set Sherlock on the scent with her knowing looks.  She would probably look disappointed every time they came home from a date without making an announcement.  But...maybe the
“Now, sod off and leave me alone.  Go sort out the ambassador’s indiscretions yourself if you need something to meddle with.
Sherlock made a face like he’d just thought of some new topic to badger his brother about, so John continued.  “...We’re meeting down at the Rook and Robin.  It’ll be...good...to catch up.”  He hesitated a bit.  He was looking forward to seeing them all...really, he was.  They had been through a lot together in Afghanistan, and he really should have made more of an effort to keep in touch.  But he was also a bit...not nervous, really, but...wary, maybe...cautious, that’s the word.  He hadn’t finished his last tour with them, having been invalided out, and several had gone on another tour after that.  He might well be listening to inside jokes and recaps of stories he hadn't been there for.  Despite the fact that he wouldn’t change it now as it had led him to Sherlock and the mad life he now lived, he couldn’t help still feeling a bit of disappointment at going out that way, for not being able to finish his mission.
“Yeah, yeah, man.  I believe you.  I was just taking the piss, no need for a therapy session,” Lee rolled his eyes, but followed it with his trademark slightly deranged grin to show he meant no harm.
Violet continued her discourse. “We’re so happy that he and Greg found each other, really. Mikey has always been such a workaholic, thought the world wouldn’t run if he left his office.  Greg’s been good for him; he works too much himself and has crazy hours sometimes too, so he understands when Mycroft has to work late, but he also makes sure they make the time to relax.  I’ve heard Mycroft laugh more over the past couple of years than he ever had before…” she finished a bit wistfully.
Feeling marginally better in his third-favourite pyjama trousers and the rather scratchy jumper Harry sent him last Christmas (he really needed to do laundry), he plodded back down again.
So it took John Watson by surprise when, nearly twenty years on, he received an email from Paul, the former openside flanker.  He had just clicked to open it when he was distracted from his seat at the desk in his sitting room at 221B Baker Street by a howl of annoyance from the kitchen, followed by a cacophony of pot lids hitting the floor, followed by an even louder and more aggrieved howl.  After years of being the flatmate, friend, caregiver, and
John tried to remember to be discreet, as he realised that the conversation around him had lulled, and seven people were pretending not to be listening.  This caution was forgotten in a fit of temper after whatever Mycroft said next.
“Any interesting gossip?” They’d met in a biology class in their second year of Uni; she had watched many a rugby match and knew most of the guys.
“I have no intention of ruining your surprise.  Are you quite sure you will not accept a job as a torturer?  You seem to possess the proper mindset.”
“God no.  You should see our flat, you’d never ask again.  Let’s see...we’ve got a yellow spray paint smiley face, bullet holes, and a cluedo board pinned to the wall with a dagger in our sitting room.  Oh, and a cow skull wearing headphones over the fireplace.  We’re the last homosexual couple you should be asking decorating advice from.  Our landlady comes up to tut at least once a week.”
John swiveled, glancing behind him to find the man with the Kermit-the-frog t-shirt, and then back around, eyes searching the corners.  His gaze froze on the one at the angle that would put the muppet-shirted man behind him to the viewer, and gave it a pointed grimace while lifting a middle finger in its direction.
“Well, if you recall, a few months ago, I discovered that running both the microwave and my current converter from the same outlet consistently trips the breaker for the kitchen?”
“Go on then, no bother,” from Kevin, and nods from a couple of others.  Kevin turned to ask Jimmy if his cute little sister was still single, but before he could open his mouth, his attention was diverted back to John’s phone call as soon as he heard the rather non-standard greeting:
“So sorry...I’ve got to take this…” he mumbled an apology as he scowled at his phone.  “It’ll be brief, if you all don’t mind, I don’t want to make you all move…”
she has to ask if I’m seeing anyone, and made those annoying little cooing noises when I said I wasn't.  I shoulda just lied and made someone up.”  He downed the rest of the pint.
“Last night, I may have been so absorbed in the logistics of my experiment that I may…” Sherlock pasted a sheepish look on his face and pushed on. “I
“Sherlock, why must you…”  The argument continued as he escaped to the kitchen and put on the kettle.  He came back out to the kitchen door and leaned on the doorframe, settling in to watch the verbal volleys as if he were watching a tennis match.  The discussion of whether Sherlock would deign to involve himself in the case Mycroft had requested his efforts on was interlarded with comments about weight (Mycroft’s), boredom (Sherlock’s), and idiocy (the Greek ambassador’s, for getting himself in the embarrassing situation in the first place).
John set his feet and braced himself to catch him when he came through the door, but the scammer veered at the last moment and made for the stage.
He was home, dry, and he’d probably be able to feel his fingers and toes again at some point.  He could eat in the sitting room if Sherlock was still playing with the quivering
“Once he was sure no one was listening in, he sat us down and explained the situation and that we were not to believe what the papers said. Sherlock had jumped off of a building and had officially been declared dead.  Only Mycroft and one other friend--the medical examiner--knew he survived, as he had needed them to make it look legitimate.” Violet continued.  “We didn’t go to the funeral; it was absolutely crucial that the criminal network he was up against believe him to be dead as John, Greg, and Martha were all still at risk.  I was afraid it would look suspicious that we weren’t there, but the boys were afraid it was asking too much of us to put on such an act, and that it would be safer for us if anyone watching thought we weren’t close to our son...”
“Will do!” John mustered up a smile for the old man.  That smile faded a bit as his tired brain registered what the man was doing—shaking the snow out of his hat and scarf.
Laurina’s eyes were wide at this and Charles looked at Siger and Violet with new respect.  The Holmes might turn out to be better connections than just being a university friend of Laurina’s had suggested.
.  I don’t want him to know that I am asking...he may think getting married is just a stupid piece of paper he can’t be bothered with.  I just don’t want to mention it to him unless I know he would actually consider it…”  John trailed off while Molly continued to grin maniacally.
The doctor was wearing a new suit, it was off the rack, in fact it looked to be the exact same style as his grey suit except it was a white jacket over a black waistcoat with a white shirt and black tie, rounded off nicely with black trousers.
“Had a good nap?” The detective’s baritone snapped John out of his stunned trance. “Hope you’re hungry, have a seat, this only needs a minute more.” Sherlock turned back to the hob, using a pair of cooking tongs to move the meat, noodles and vegetables around, flicking his wrist to toss it about.
“Stay awake, Doc, you need to keep those eyes open! That’s an order!” The Detective Inspector’s voice sounded so distant and John’s lips mouthed an apology as his consciousness slipped away from him.
“…Yes, you did, you were always going on about how you’re ‘not gay’ whenever anyone implied that there was something more than platonic friendship between us.” The detective’s baritone held a note of curiosity, he’d evidently registered John’s odd behaviour but didn’t yet understand the reason for it.
His anger left him and he mentally berated himself, what John wore wasn’t important, it never had been. Otherwise those hideous jumpers would have put him off a long time ago. It didn’t matter if Sherlock felt his lover deserved the finer things in life, displays of wealth didn’t impress John and they never would. His humble beginnings made him one of the most down to Earth people Sherlock had ever met and he wouldn’t change him for the world.
“I do indeed, fair is fair. We can go as soon as we’ve tracked down the tablet. I knew you played the clarinet but I had no idea about the flute.” Sherlock still had a small smile on his lips as he gave the broker a brief nod of acknowledgement as the pair of them left the shop.
The genius sank down at the kitchen table again and chewed on his lip; he was forced to admit to himself that if John didn’t want Sherlock to know about any romantic feelings he might have, he was perfectly capable of hiding them from him. Fisting his hands in his hair, he found his mind wandering to the first time he’d suspected his feelings for John had crossed from that of friendship to those of a more romantic nature.
“Morning. Thanks for this by the way, I was just thinking it has been a while since I was last kidnapped.” John’s voice was full of snark because he was in pain, pissed off and this guy was beyond ridiculous. “You do realise that you can’t scare Sherlock off a case by taking me, it’ll just make him more determined to catch you.”
:: Thank you. I’m going to Callahan’s place with Lestrade now, don’t know when I’ll be back so don’t wait up for me. – SH ::
His salary from his Army days mostly accumulated in his account while he was overseas, he didn’t really have much of a chance for discretionary spending in an active warzone. That all changed once he was shot and medivacced back to the UK. It didn’t take long for his savings to be depleted and his Army Pension was a pittance due to the short tenure of his service.
I feel, not in spite of it. My empathy motivates me, it makes me work harder, think faster, go longer.” John looked up at Sherlock’s face, wondering if he was in his Mind Palace as he wasn’t speaking much. But the detective was listening carefully, absorbing everything with a contemplative look.
He pushed one hand into the curls at the back of the detective’s neck, the other gripping his bicep to steady himself. Once Sherlock had got over his initial surprise, he returned the kiss, deepening it as he wrapped his arms low around the doctor’s waist. John let a little sigh of pleasure escape at feeling Sherlock’s tongue slide against his own, he felt like the very air around them should be crackling with the raw energy between them.
“Please don’t, it’s nice to show off once in a while but I’d like to keep your injuries to a minimum.” John extracted himself from Sherlock’s embrace and finally made it to the kitchen. Sherlock sat himself down on the couch and took off his right shoe as well as the sock. He placed his leg on the coffee table and gingerly pulled up his trouser leg to get a look at his ankle.
“Speaking of my unusual skill set, I sometimes wonder if I’m in balance.” John broke the quiet with what he’d been musing on, at seeing the detective’s questioning look, he elaborated. “Whether I’ve saved more lives than I’ve taken or vice versa.”
“It’s alright, don’t torture yourself with what might have happened. I’m here, you’re here; that’s what matters, right?” He felt the detective give him another small squeeze in lieu of an answer before finally releasing him. “Come on, there’s only a couple more boxes to bring up then you can do an experiment or something while I unpack.”
“Considering I know jack about etiquette and I’m the last person who would be described as ‘elegant’, I think the price of my suit will be the least of our concerns.” John replied, downing the last of his tea and getting up from his chair. “If your parents would dislike me just because I wear things ‘off the peg’ then that says more about them than me. Cancel that tailor’s appointment, I won’t be going.” The doctor’s tone and the set of his shoulders told his partner that they were done discussing this… for now at least.
Not that John could actually move around much, eight broken ribs plus more bruises than any one person should have at once meant even shifting slightly was agony. Sherlock had brought him some things from home to occupy him, his laptop, his notebook plus some other books. The detective was currently down at New Scotland Yard, he was briefing a team on the information they’d gathered on the organ trafficking gang.
When Sherlock had returned six months ago, John spent two weeks couch surfing between Greg’s, Sarah’s and Mike’s places while he worked through the emotional turmoil he was feeling. Eventually he had returned home, walked into the living room and had told Sherlock that if he ever pulled a stunt like that again, John would kill him himself. Then he’d kissed the madman on the lips and the rest was history.
The doctor sat him down on a stool in the kitchen and excused himself to get the first aid kit and his phone. Sherlock thanked him profusely, the act dropping as soon as he was alone. He began combing the room, looking for anything that would confirm that Chen was their serial killer.
“It’s called Gabriel’s Oboe, it’s from a film I saw when I was younger. I fell in love with the song and found some sheet music online where someone had transposed it from the oboe to flute.” John picked up his new instrument case and tucked it under his arm. “You owe me dinner.”
“Definitely makes you think, that’s for sure.” Phillip shook his head again before glancing at the doctor. “You head back to the station and file your paperwork, you look done in. I’ll bet you had an A&E shift today too… you’re gonna burn out if you keep pushing yourself.” John held up his hands in surrender with a small smile.
:: So, talcum powder, vitamin C and cream of tartar then? I’m not even going to ask why; I’ll be back soon. – JW ::
“Yes, I thought so.” Sherlock didn’t want to loom over his friend so he sank to the floor in front of him, crossing his legs and resting his hands on his knees. He willed his fingers to stop twitching with the urge to remove the gun from John’s grasp.
“No, I’m only going to do that as a last resort. I could carry you up and back but I need more traction on my shoes.” The former soldier sat down and pulled off his trainers, he flipped them over and used his pocketknife to cut a crisscrossing pattern in to the soles. He tested the grip on the slope and shook his head. “Not enough… Sorry, need your shades.”
Back at Baker Street, the pair of them got indoors without anyone getting punched and/or arrested, John slammed the front door behind them with a lot more force than required.
He couldn’t help wondering that sometimes, especially as he knew the last reported ‘gas explosion’ was actually due to Semtex, a sniper and a psychopath with a sing-song voice.
“Not really. Lucky shot though, he threw a box of tissues at me first, I’d just ducked that and he punched me.” Sherlock was sulking, he didn’t like being bested at anything.
“You’re the first person to offer a helping hand to anyone, you forgive everything and always give people the benefit of the doubt, no matter what. But you never give yourself the credit you rightly deserve, and I can tell from the look on your face that you genuinely don’t see how wonderful you are. I’m making it my personal mission to point this out to you as often as I can until you believe it and then carry on doing so anyway.” Sherlock gently stroked a loose strand of hair out of John’s face, before cupping his cheek and using his thumb to caress it affectionately.
“Dr Watson! I could use a hand here.” A nurse called for him, she was with a man who had a dislocated elbow among other injuries. “Mr Coulter has had a sedative already; we just need to put the elbow back in now.” John nodded and gently took the patient by the wrist.
The doctor had evidently seen or sensed something in Sherlock that made him want to open up to him. The detective wasn’t sure he’d ever done anything to deserve the kind of loyalty that John showed and continued to show to him, but he silently promised himself to try and become someone worthy of it.
Most of her injuries were readily explained by the fall, but he’d noticed fresh bruising and redness on her cheek. John frowned as he looked between the photo and the cliff face, wondering if she’d caught it on the way down.
“Yeaaaaah, you’re right about that. I was ‘led astray’ the moment I helped you chase down a black cab through the streets of London.” John chuckled with a wide grin on his face as they chatted and reminisced about the case that began it all.
Once they were both in position, the Detective Inspector mouthed ‘On three. One. Two. Three.’ and the pair of them grabbed the couch and yanked it away from the wall. There was a startled yelp and a young man half fell out of a flap cut into the leather at the back of it, their suspect had been hiding in the seat frame.
“Easy now…” Sherlock was standing at the edge of the bed, pulling the pillow back up with one hand and gently setting his friend back with the other. Their eyes met and John read the warmth, guilt and exasperation before the detective opened his mouth again. “Really, if I’d seriously hated your blog, I’d have deleted it from the internet… and while I bemoan the literary tastes of the general public, I can’t deny a good many cases came to us from the blog, thanks to the increased exposure.”
The detective had started looking into the situation immediately, it seemed unregistered and untested donor organs were being brought in from abroad to feed the black market demand. Patients on the waiting lists were desperate, they and their families willing to pay obscene amounts for the chance at survival. It was a vile trade that preyed on people’s despair and needed to be stopped, never mind the irresistible inference that not many of these organs had been sourced ethically – or legally for that matter.
“And anyway, apart from my medical expertise and the odd things like me knowing Braille, I don’t contribute much to the thought process of working out the case. I just bring the muscle.” If they’d been at home, he would have flexed his biceps to illustrate this, but he wasn’t about to do it in the middle of a crowded cafe.
“But you never said that you were straight, hmm? …because you’re not strai-” A light of understanding went on in those grey eyes. “Of course, you’re bisexual. How did I miss that? Why didn’t you ever tell me?” Sherlock lent forward as John finally started eating his food.
“When Mike introduced us, he couldn’t have been any more obvious if he’d shouted ‘Befriend this miserable creature!’ at you as soon as I walked in the room.” That comment made them both laugh, breaking the intense atmosphere a little. “You didn’t have to be the world’s only Consulting Detective to see that I was struggling to find a place where I fit comfortably.”
“Oh, shut up.  Your fault I choked on my tea, anyways.”  John stomped back to the kitchen to refill his teacup and retrieve a dry jumper that had been left slung over the back of a kitchen chair the night before.
“Dr Watson? Your next patient is waiting.” One of the nurses popped her head in the door, waving a file.
John nodded as he wandered back into the kitchen for a refill.  “Bye, Mycroft.”  Mycroft collected his umbrella and left with a final glare at the back of his brother’s head.
“That I can still do, sure.”  John waved over the waitress.  Everyone was soon armed with a fresh pint.
“Don’t let yourself get too worked up, dear.  It’s all over and done now.”  Siger squeezed her hand more tightly.  “There’s no need to go into everything that happened.  Suffice it to say, John’s wife turned out to have lied about her past, and had met him only because she had been hired by the criminal network Sherlock was fighting against to keep an eye on John for any signs that Sherlock was still alive.  Once our Sherlock returned, she decided to go ahead with marrying John to stay in the picture, but in the end her past caught up with her and her association with the criminal network came to light.  She ended up being killed; something about a job she hadn’t finished in the past.  The boys really didn’t want to talk to much about the details.”
“Well, it’s all fine for YOU to say, but I’d rather wait.  Just in case it comes to...well, you know.”
One of the main points that John hadn’t been able to resolve was where to produce a fake client from.  Sherlock remembered everyone; who did John possibly know who Sherlock didn’t?  Well, Mike’s people-matching skills to the rescue again--Mike’s son was now studying theatre and had dreams of the West End; he could always use a little freelance gig.  Even better, he had a roommate who was almost exactly the same height and build as Wiggins (so that anything Wiggins did in the alley would at least be at the right eye level), who was willing to let them use his picture and description as the missing person.
Well, he didn’t want to sleep at his desk, and there was that Indian food waiting, and it wasn’t likely to get any better.  Not like he’d never dealt with snow before, anyhow.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and jerked his head at the door.  John glanced through just in time to see a young man dressed in a purple-and-silver version of the same outfit delivering a tray of mini cheesecakes to the nearest table.  As he set it down, he deliberately knocked a spare serviette from the table.  It fluttered to the ground a couple of feet away.
Violet smiled her acknowledgment of the complement.  “Here are our boys…” she gazed at the photo lovingly a moment before turning to hold it where Charles and Laurina could see.  The photo was one of her favorites that she’d ever taken.  When she’d asked the boys for a photo, Mycroft looked sceptical and Sherlock had started edging away.  But Greg had thrown his arms around the shoulders of both Holmes brothers and pulled them in, and as John had been attached to Sherlock by the hand at the moment, he was pulled into the frame as well.  .
One lazy Wednesday afternoon, they were snogging on the couch, and John had just managed to get Sherlock’s shirt off and his own trousers unbuttoned when Sherlock’s phone buzzed.
After arriving on her plate, the parsnips were quickly ignored as Violet was only half-done with her boys.  “And next here,” the photo was flashed around again, “is our younger son Sherlock. Isn’t he handsome?  When he looks at John, he has that same little smile that Siger’s always had…” A fond look at her husband earned her that very smile she so loved.  “And all that curly hair came from my mother...skipped a generation, unfortunately for me.”
“You guys really want to…? John wasn’t used to being the centre of attention, or being the unusual one.  He was usually overlooked when placed next to Sherlock’s dramatic presence.
“So quick at that! It would have taken me ten minutes to find the thing I was looking for...I’m always hitting buttons I didn’t mean to hit with my fat fingers,” Charles grimaced.  Being a genius did have its advantages, Violet thought to herself.  She was quite adept with her phone, and Mycroft...well, Greg--Mycroft had faked a phone call after the first walk through to escape--had only had to explain the phone’s features and how to use all the basic apps three times before she felt quite confident.  Siger, on the other hand...he tended to look at smart phones as if they had a tendency to explode if he touched them wrong.  He still was struggling to manage a flip phone; Violet had sent him frequent texts for a year before realizing he had no idea how to get to his text messages to read them.  He’d just seen her name pop up and called her back each time.
getting married.  I’m just trying to, well, find out if that’s even something he might be interested in.  Someday.  Maybe.”
“John.”  Sherlock somehow moved even closer, as close as he could be without actually touching.  “What if I
Teddy opened his mouth to protest further, but John motioned from behind Sherlock’s back for him to leave it be.
don’t want them, or that I would with a woman but not with him, or is it too soon, or is it just not something he thinks about at all…”
Some howls were meaningless noises made out of boredom, some were frustration with missing evidence or an experiment gone wrong, and some were an invitation to grab popcorn and enjoy the show as Sherlock’s drama queen side came out in a tantrum as only he could throw (“I am
“Still in the refrigerator…but, the refrigerator was not operational for roughly eighteen hours and forty-two minutes.”
“Well...I…” Siger looked slightly guilty. “Actually, they did deserve it.  Paul couldn’t stop bragging about the attention he was getting from his new twenty-years-his-junior secretary every time Melinda was out of earshot...it was rather disgusting.”
“And I know you had Mycroft run a background check on them, so the worst that could happen is a bit of boredom.”
John sipped his tea and was brought out of his thoughts by Mycroft rising from Sherlock’s chair as he prepared to give up and leave.
John spent a lot of time thinking and planning and googling odd things to the point that he was surprised he hadn’t had a message from Mycroft regarding his search history. He mostly worked on the details of his plan during his lunch breaks or when Sherlock was out or asleep; Sherlock’s observational skill were both wonderful and occasionally very inconvenient.
“Well, Charles, Laurina, it’s been lovely to share a meal in your beautiful home.  But we really must be getting home before it gets too late…”
As the pleasantly crisp air of autumn gave way to a damp bitterness towards the end of November, the clinic where John still worked part-time got busier and busier, although not more interesting, as the increase was mostly cases of the sniffles and flu.
evening catching up with friends in a pub without interference from a Holmes?  This had better be important.”
And then there’s the likelihood of it becoming somewhat of a pissing contest of whose post-army life was most successful; good-natured though it was likely to be, it was only human nature to want to impress old mates.  And while his life was incredible, it didn’t always translate well into a quick introductory blurb.  Part-time locum work at a clinic, after having been a trauma surgeon; blogger; assistant to a detective.  It just didn’t express how brilliant it all really was.
“Ok, ok, I’ll stay back. Don’t do anything rash, Mr Bartley, Callahan is not worth killing yourself over.” He glanced to his right when Greg came into his peripheral vision. “We know what he did to you, Morgan, to you and who knows how many other young men like you. You’ve brought his crimes out into the light.”
“I suppose you want me to fill you in on what’s been going on here before you go presenting yourself back at 221 Baker Street?” Mycroft gave his brother a knowing look while Sherlock tried valiantly to look like he wasn’t chomping at the bit for information on the people he cared about.
“To see me?” John asked bemused, he hadn’t been expecting anyone today. He turned to take his coat off as Mrs Hudson gestured to her flat.
“Right, knowing you it’ll be a posh place, yeah? Good thing I’ve got a decent suit.” The doctor blew on his tea before taking a small sip, pushing his anxiety away. He usually made a good impression on previous partners’ parents, being a doctor tended to impress them if nothing else.
“So, the person who told you about this, do they know the woman personally?” The doctor asked as he opened the bottle and took a sip.
Up ahead John saw Sherlock make a hand motion that meant he was going to try and cut Falcon off by taking another route to get ahead of him and he broke off to the left. The former soldier kept the target in his sights, gaining on him until Falco glanced back over his shoulder and caught his foot on some pallets behind a restaurant, sending him sprawling to the floor.
“My parents are going to be in London in a fortnight, they want us all to go to dinner together.” Despite the pair of them being together for some months now, John had yet to meet Sherlock’s mother and father. He couldn’t say he wasn’t intimidated; he could hardly imagine what sort of people were responsible for bringing two geniuses like Mycroft and Sherlock into the world.
As Sherlock came back to the present, he was pleased to notice that the scar tissue had lost its lurid red/purple shading for the most part in the few years since that conversation. It would never fade completely, of course, but John became less self-conscious of it as time passed.
“Good but uneventful day, I see.” Sherlock declared as the doctor put his bag down on the floor by his own chair, he stepped forward and leant down to give the detective a kiss on the forehead before heading into the kitchen to make them both a cup of tea.
“You do things your way, Sherlock, let me do things mine.” John replied as he pulled on his gloves and started his examination. “The body has been dead at least forty eight hours as rigor mortis is no longer present. Liver mortis indicates that the body hasn’t been moved. There’s no obvious defensive wounds or ligature marks, the eyes were removed pre-mortem and are missing.”
“Does the fact you’re here mean there was more to that gas explosion than meets the eye?” As he addressed Mycroft, the doctor’s voice cracked. It was raw from speaking so much for hours on end. John opened the bottle and took a long swig.
“Interesting, not even a holiday abroad?” John could just imagine Mycroft sitting in his wing backed armchair in the Stranger’s room at the Diogenes club, maybe holding a glass of brandy or sherry. Sometimes he truly believed that he and the Holmes brothers inhabited different worlds.
“I’m sorry, I honestly thought it was just a broken rib, which I’ve had many times before. I didn’t want to worry you and get you worked up about something that would heal up on its own without needing any specific treatment.” John at least had the decency to look contrite, he knew collapsing and passing out in the middle of the street would have panicked all concerned.
“What about expenses for hosting? Do they come out of the income?” John asked as his eyes scanned the screen, every debit had an opposing credit – unsurprising as that was the point of double entry bookkeeping. Any discrepancy would cause an imbalance.
Hope you enjoyed this. It's officially the longest thing I've ever written and I've been writing most of my life.
“I’m so sorry, I just heard, are you ok?” John blurted out, able to use his natural empathy to his advantage. The woman blinked at him confused, the doctor couldn’t help noticing that she was an attractive woman. She had long auburn hair, curves in the right places and an air of independence and self assurance. She reminded him of Sarah actually, his former colleague.
“No, of course not.” Sherlock answered, trying to work out what John wanted to show him. He’d got that just apologising wasn’t working even before this demonstration, what he didn’t know was what was actually required. At a loss and wanting to break the silence, Sherlock blurted out his next thought.
“Are you trying to insult me? Softness, along with caring and sentiment have never been things that you’ve held in high esteem.” Sherlock’s mind was clicking away, his older brother was always working to an agenda of some kind.
“Guilty as charged! You know me, I like constantly being on the go. But thanks for caring, Phil, I’ll catch you later!” John waved goodbye to Sally and the other officers as he stopped briefly by the forensics equipment to remove his protective gear before grabbing another taxi and heading for New Scotland Yard.
“I do wonder how I was expected to ‘stop’ Dr Watson considering he worked out that I was the source for all the information Moriarty had on you. He won’t even share a room with me long enough to have a conversation. Instead I conspired with Mrs Hudson to have 221c renovated with a brand new damp proof course while John was away for a few days.” Mycroft smirked as Sherlock tipped his glass slightly to indicate his begrudging approval of how his older brother had handled the situation.
“I’m sorry but I don’t, however I’ve not been stationed here for very long. When a class graduates then there usually is a group photo on the day of their passing out parade, if this man is a former trainee then he might be in one of those pictures.” The Major stood up from his desk, pushing his chair back. “If you both follow me, I’ll show you where we hang those photos for posterity.” The three of them left the office and walked a short way to a large assembly hall.
“He’s gonna have one hell of a headache, that’s for sure. I also left his pathetic improvised mask on in the hopes that Greg will take pictures that end up on the Met’s Twitter feed.” John checked his watch. “Depending on whether the morphine he dosed me with is extended release or not is going to affect what painkillers I can take and when.” Sherlock glowered and tightened his coat around himself grumbling something about how
“Once you feel your cheese might be ready, you should test it first, if you get a negative reaction then you’ll need to revisit prior stages to rework your cheese. However, if the results are positive then you should be able to reap the fruits of all your hard work and see the time you’ve invested rewarded with a final product that you can show off proudly.”
“We might not have to wait for that, we have some leverage now, all we need to do is to apply some pressure.” Sherlock tossed the papers back on the desk, standing up and striding out of the room. John grabbed his notebook and hesitated for a moment about leaving the room in such a tip,
By now it was Saturday afternoon, so the most logical place to find Jonathan Price would be at his home address. Sherlock decided against filling in the local police on his findings, lest they scare his suspect off before he got a chance to speak to him. The detective thanked them for their indulgence and hopped into a taxi.
An hour later and the pair were back in Lestrade’s car heading for London, the name of the man in the picture was Morgan Bartley, a 25 year old Army dropout. Apparently, he’d gone AWOL shortly after graduation and had been dishonourably discharged. The Inspector had found out he now worked as a freelance photographer and had a home address in the London Borough of Newham. That’s where they were headed when the DI’s phone beeped.
“They probably want you to comment on it then, and to ask you if you were in on it from the start, I guess. Come on, I’ll take you home, they’re probably camped out on your doorstep. I’ll make sure you get inside as unmolested as possible.” The Inspector offered as he led them to where he’d left his car.
The pair of them arrived first at the block of flats where they decided to split up, Greg went inside the building to try and gain entry from the front while Sherlock went around the back and up the fire escape. The detective ran up to the third floor, thanking his lucky stars when he saw a half opened window. He quietly pulled it out fully and climbed in to the flat.
“Can we just bypass your tedious pride fuelled resistance for once? It’s bad enough that you still insist on keeping your locum position when the money we get from cases is more than adequate to support the both of us.” The detective watched as John’s nostrils flared, normally a sure sign that he was about to start shouting but the doctor bit his lip hard and took a deep breath.
“You asked me how I’m feeling? God, I missed you so much, I had so much pain in my heart because you were gone. Now? All that grief has turned to humiliation and it fucking hurts twice as much because you tricked me, I fell for it and I spent the best part of the last two years mourning for someone who was alive all along.” John swallowed again, pulling himself back from the brink of sobs once more. Sherlock let out a breath he didn’t realise he’d been holding.
“No one said you have to have a one-word answer. Use as many words as is needed.” Sherlock dug through the cupboards while the kettle was boiling and found some biscuits, putting them in front of the doctor.
“You’d better not have thrown out a perfectly good suit because you want to get your own way.” John called out towards the kitchen, letting out a loud growl of pure frustration when he still couldn’t find it. There was a possibility that the suit was down in Mrs Hudson’s place somewhere, she had tried to stay out of the argument but she may not have noticed an unexpected addition to her clothes cupboard.
John hated it when Sherlock told him to distract people, he was never very good at making things up on the fly. Pair that with his terrible acting skills and he usually became the distraction itself, much like a jester in a royal court. Luckily it turned out their client was a technician at the morgue, the information he provided would work as a believable cover story, couple that with genuine feelings and he should be ok. The door opened to reveal a woman, his target he figured.
“Aha!” Sherlock called out as he opened the fourth locker. There was an eye sitting on the top shelf and a partially straightened out coat hanger on the bar underneath. “This locker belongs to… Alice. So, Alice has done something to upset our killer apparently.” John was only half listening as he picked up a jewellery box and opened it.
“Thanks, Doc, we’ll take it from here.” Anderson signalled for the gurney so they could collect and remove the body, taking another glance around. “I know we don’t know her situation, but it’s hard not to look at all this and wonder how the hell it gets to this stage?” The former soldier sighed as he picked up his bag to get out of the way.
John walked over to a small memorial garden on the grounds of the hospital, sinking down to sit on the grass. It was wet from early morning dew, but the doctor didn’t care. He leant back on his hands and tipped his head to watch the sky as he consciously slowed down his breathing. His ears picked up the sound of two sets of footsteps, he lowered his head and saw Sherlock and Mycroft approaching him.
“Knocking is still in fashion, you know.” Mycroft peered over his cut crystal glass as he took a slow sip of scotch. “Were you seen?”
“Wait, the Hillman Inquiry? What was this?” Sherlock asked as he took a sip of the whiskey. He had consciously avoided any news from the UK while he was hunting down everyone in Moriarty’s network, he couldn’t risk being distracted on his critical missions.
“Caring saves lives, Mycroft… and whether caring is an advantage or not depends on the person in question, not the feelings involved. The fact I have people I care about gives me strength, and knowing people care about me gives me courage.” John hauled himself to his feet finally, he swayed a touch but Sherlock steadied him with a hand on his shoulder.
“He was suspended from Homicide initially while there was an investigation into his conduct regarding you. When the Hillman Inquiry was announced by Parliament, the Metropolitan Police restored him to his position as an act of good faith while it was ongoing. Once the verdict and report were published, he emerged without a stain on his good character.” Mycroft noted the minute relief that rolled over the detective’s face before his eyes creased in confusion.
“There’s plenty about me that you don’t know, you arrogant git!” John shot back with a disbelieving shake of his head, watching as a dark light dawned in Sherlock’s grey eyes, the case temporarily forgotten.
“I will trust you. I’m not sure why, all things considered it seems like a terrible idea. But I will, you brilliant git. You’d better make sure to keep this promise.” John’s stance finally relaxed so Sherlock let go of him. “We should also text each other the address we are investigating when we separate on cases, when we arrive and when we leave.”
The time of death had been placed no more than two hours after she was last seen. It was still light at that time so it wasn’t that Holly had tripped and stumbled in the dark. She was known to enjoy walks to the cliff, especially when she needed to clear her head. There was no history of depression but the coroner had ordered an inquiry to try and determine if the cause of death was an accident or suicide
“Across the street, denim jacket and green rucksack, that’s our guy!” The doctor hissed in a whisper, trying not to alert Falcon that they were on to him. However, it seemed their thief was hyperaware with nervous energy. He locked eyes with the detective when he glanced over, taking off down an alley with both of them on his heels. John pulled his phone out and called Mycroft on the run.
“I’m sorry for the pain I’ve caused but it was necessary! Look at it this way, you wanted one last miracle, you asked me not to be dead and I’m not, I’m here!” John went completely rigid and the air temperature between them dropped sharply.
“Morning, Greg, this a social call or do you have a body for me?” John replied, maybe a little colder than he really intended. It wasn’t the Inspector’s fault that Sherlock was an idiot who thought faking his death and lying about it for two years was acceptable behaviour between friends.
The room was currently in use by a class who were learning defence techniques. The cadets were paired up and sparring with one another while an officer walked through the room, correcting some and praising others. There was an atmosphere of camaraderie, the scent of sweat and the sounds of skin hitting skin mixed in with playful banter.
“This is Cecilia Barratt, general manager of this branch of the RNIB. Normally she works in the back while volunteers man the shop out there. She was alive at 5:30pm when the shop closed up and the clerk went home, body was found at 8:22pm when a bouncer at the pub across the way noticed the lights were still on and raised the alarm.” Lestrade informed them as John and Sherlock both approached the body, the doctor lowering his head for a moment.
Sherlock got out of the taxi in one of the less privileged areas of London. Lestrade had called him about a murder in a small hotel, the type of establishment that rented its rooms out by the hour. John stepped out beside him after paying the driver.
“I was a good man once, Mr Holmes, a good doctor, a good husband… a good father. But I’m starting to believe that being ‘good’ in this world of ours is nothing but stupidity.” Dr Chen looked down at his prisoner again. “I just wanted to make my daughter’s life as easy as possible, that’s all.” Sherlock met Chen’s gaze with a hard look and a huff.
“Watch out, brother mine, I think Mummy is going to swap you for John.” Mycroft teased lightly, getting an eye roll from Sherlock while he surreptitiously took his partner’s hand in his under the table. He felt John squeeze his fingers lightly, a subtle sign to show that his partner hadn’t forgotten him as he continued chatting animatedly with his parents.
“Not really, Lestrade said he had a case but I solved it before the phone call was over.” Sherlock’s voice was bored but not that destructive sort of restlessness that resulted in new bullet holes in the wall or toxic waste in the kitchen. The kettle popped and John poured the water into the cups, bringing them back into the living room. He placed Sherlock’s on his little side table before settling into his own chair with his mug.
Sherlock walked into the bedroom of Madison Teller, a 38 year old public relations executive for a large telecoms firm. The body had been found by her husband when he returned home from a three day semi-professional golf tournament being held in Birmingham. According to Lestrade, cause of death wasn’t immediately apparent, both eyes had been removed and there were some strange markings on her left forearm made with an unknown tool. So, he’d called in the world’s only consulting detective and his assistant.
“No, the best reaction I usually get is people just getting up and walking away.” Sherlock admitted with a frown, not really understanding why that phrase consistently produced a negative response from a wide range of parties.
“John.” He had what looked to be a Blackberry in his hand, evidently still working hard even when holding a bedside vigil. Out of the three of them, John figured that Mycroft was probably the least upset at him. He could be mistaken though; the British Government did have a very good poker face.
John watched as the brothers read the story of his gruelling emergency shift off his tired face and aching body. The older Holmes’ expression was unreadable as usual, but the detective was frowning in concern, he pulled a bottle of water out of his pocket and handed it over.
:: It’s fine, don’t worry about it. Tell me, what offences could result in a loss of army rank? – SH ::
John hadn’t really wanted to stay in 221b Baker Street but he couldn’t afford another place, not with Mycroft covering Sherlock’s half of the already discounted rent. It hurt to be constantly reminded of the hole that Sherlock had left in John’s life, left with his regrets about what might have been if only he hadn’t been such a coward and had admitted his feelings when he had the chance.
“That’s a very good question! I noticed that their firm seems to be very pro-diversity, hosting awareness events and donating to charities. A large portion of Mrs Teller’s job would be managing these sorts of things as part of an image strategy. It wouldn’t be the first time money meant for good causes was embezzled by greedy employees.” Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly as he leant over one desk to examine it as he spoke. At finding nothing more of interest, he straightened up.
to do with sex… and with that in mind, talking about nurturing something that ‘you can share with other enthusiasts’ becomes a lot more sinister, don’t you agree?” Sherlock watched as Greg’s face grew sombre as he caught on to what Sherlock was insinuating.
“I could have not come home sometimes after school and Mum and Dad would never have known the difference. Harry actually did that a lot, I covered for her the odd times that they did notice, we were a lot closer back then.”
“But coming back on track, Doctor Watson made enough waves that soon gained momentum, leading to the announcement of the Inquiry. Once set up, it heard live evidence over four months before the panel retired to consider matters. Three months later they declared you innocent of all suspicion, criticising both the Metropolitan Police and the mainstream media severely. There was quite a memorable press conference that followed.” The elder brother picked up the remote and pointed it at the flat screen hanging on the wall.
“Christ, Sherlock, are you ever gonna learn not to go after suspects on your own?” John grumbled as he knelt down and untied his friend before shuffling on his knees so he could check the detective’s head wound. “Damn good job I followed you, got to Chen’s place in time to see him putting you in his car. Tracked him to here then called in Greg to help me. He manned the lights and the tannoy to cover me sneaking up.” The Inspector had just joined them and was currently reading the suspect his rights, giving the detective a cheeky salute.
“How many men have you been with then?” That question made John look up sharply, he narrowed his eyes as he met Sherlock’s gaze unflinchingly. He let the silence stretch out between them until it became uncomfortable.
“That’s absolutely fantastic, John! I’ll make sure you don’t regret it, I promise you! Oh, this is going to be great, I’ve missed having you around so much! We need to make up for lost time! Le-” Sherlock’s brain was firing wildly with plans now he had his companion back.
“About earlier… I said some very uncalled for and untrue things.” Sherlock was lying on his own bed with his hands steepled, John had actually thought he was in his Mind Palace but apparently not.
The doctor opened the bedroom door and caught a whiff of something cooking, something delicious, and it made his mouth water. He padded into the kitchen to find Sherlock tending to a sizzling wok on the stove, he’d cleared the table of clutter and equipment, setting two places for them.
“I’m sorry I made you think you weren’t good enough for me. If I thought you’d let me get away with it, I’d say it was the other way around. You are the only person I’d ever want, John.”
“The pair of us both tried to get their attention in different ways. Harry went to extremes to try and provoke a reaction, bunking off school, shoplifting, drinking, drugs, you get the idea. When she came out, I initially thought she’d done it for the shock factor, not that it worked anyway. They accepted it without a problem, Harry actually looked disappointed rather than relieved.” John put his empty mug down and picked up his Union Jack pillow instead, needing to hold on to something.
“Pancuronium bromide; that’s our mystery drug according to the toxicology report. It wasn’t in the coffee though; Molly found a puncture mark on her shoulder during the autopsy.” The detective informed his friend as he sent a quick reply and proceeded to bury his nose back in last year’s Profit and Loss Statement.
“How long ago was the report published?” Sherlock asked as Mycroft used the remote to turn the TV back off, just turning his body on the chair rather than turning it back around. “What’s John been doing with himself since he cleared my name?” There was a trace of worry in his voice because it looked like the doctor felt responsible for setting Sherlock up for a fall.
“Hello there, I’m Dr Fennel.” An older woman with a full head of silver hair walked into the room and closed the door behind her, she was carrying a clipboard and checked it before speaking again. “I have a Sherlock Holmes down as Dr Watson’s next of kin, is that one of you gentleman?” The detective was so surprised at discovering John had put his name down as his emergency contact that he forgot how to speak and just raised a hand instead.
“I-I’m so sorry to bother you, b-but I just got m-mugged! Oh God, they took my wallet and phone, please! You have to help me! I don’t know what to dooo!” Sherlock turned out his pockets and let his voice rise in upset, adding a few quick breaths to simulate hyperventilation. The man gaped at him before his gaze fell on the bleeding scrapes on the detective’s face.
“The Inquiry verdict only confirmed what I, and precious few others, have never doubted. Sherlock Holmes was a brilliant man who saved so many lives, brought justice and closure to many others and was never
“Lestrade! You’re a genius!” Sherlock exclaimed as he got up swiftly, that wild look on his face whenever he had made an important discovery. “Clearly, they aren’t talking about cheese on that forum, not at all! Tell me, why do people use euphemisms?”
In the privacy of his own mind, the detective could admit that it was more than a little arousing that John could carry someone so much taller than he was. He’d always known that the ex-soldier was a strong man and in exceptionally good shape, but there was a difference between being aware of that in the abstract and having a prime view of muscles bulging and straining as John dragged the pair of them back up the incline.
John thought as he got up and headed into his kitchen, he picked up the whiskey bottle as he passed and put it in the fridge before leaning down to open the freezer and take an ice pack. He’d just sat back down on the couch when his phone rang.
The two of them went into the bedroom next, it was dark in there. The blinds on the window were closed so not much natural light was getting in. The bed was large, at least queen sized, though the evidence suggested that only one side was ever slept in. On top of the duvet was a high-end laptop which Sherlock picked up immediately.
“When I first listened to the voicemail, my reaction was pretty similar to Harry’s – a non-reaction. Like when someone tells you something random that has nothing to do with you or what you’re doing.” John lifted the mug that Sherlock put in front of him, blowing on it and taking a sip then he grimaced. “Ugh! I don’t take sugar, you know that.”
“I was in Serbia when my identity was compromised by a careless contact and I was captured. I was imprisoned for eighteen days before the cell was taken down. They had interrogated me for information: starved me, flogged me etc. I’m sure I don’t need to tell you of the sorts of methods that can be employed by enemy operatives.” John nodded grimly, dropping his hand over Sherlock’s where it rested on the bed, squeezing it.
listen to you. I may not understand everything you tell me but I would never turn you away or belittle your struggles.”
“Yeah? Doesn’t surprise me actually, the Doc is usually the type to live and let live but get him started on something he’s passionate about and there’s no stopping him.” The Inspector picked up his black coffee and took a short sip before putting it back in the cupholder.
“Fancy a little Brahms? Or Mendelsohn perhaps?” Sherlock asked, knowing they were two of John’s favourite composers. John smiled at him as he picked up his mug and settled back in his chair.
“It’s fine. I know you didn’t mean it. I know better than to take any notice of what you say when you’re in one of those moods and it’s not like I’ve never said something horrible in the heat of the moment myself.” John looked up from his writing, he could just make out the detective’s outline but not his expression. “Just try not to blame me next time you get yourself punched in the face.”
Sherlock felt a chill go down his spine as he saw those words, he read them again – just to be sure before speaking to Greg urgently.
“Here, let me have a look at that.” John pulled Sherlock’s hand away from his face, revealing a scrape and his rapidly swelling cheek. “Ouch, take it Mr Price didn’t like you bringing up the affair and accusing him of murder?”
“Not yet, we have an APB out for him but no hits so far.” Greg waved to the crime scene. “The photographers have taken their pictures, so it’s all yours, do your thing, Doc.” John gave his friend a small smile as he approached Alexa, he knelt down next to the body, being careful not to disturb the blood evidence.
“Oh.” John flushed a little in embarrassment at realising he had misinterpreted events and his fears had been unfounded. “I’ll see if I feel like posting an update tomorrow, I’m feeling a little washed out now.” Sherlock nodded silently before dragging the basket closer and pulling out a tub of scones.
“She’s been dead less than two hours, no sign of rigor. I doubt he used drugs to subdue her this time judging from the fact he tied her down and gagged her.” John examined the skin at her wrists and saw redness and swelling from her struggles. “Eyes were removed while she was still alive, then he garrotted her with something not immediately apparent.” John’s lips were in a grim line as he glanced around to see if he could spot the murder weapon.
. The former soldier gasped and let go of his flatmate like he’d been burnt. There was a tense moment where neither of them dared to breathe.
“Must he always remember all the unpleasant things that I’ve said in the past?” Sherlock muttered under his breath, but not quietly enough for Mycroft to miss it.
fought hard to retain control of his feelings, often removing himself from an upsetting conversation rather than let someone see him when he was feeling weak.
“Why should I?!” Angry tears sprang into John’s eyes, he felt trapped in all ways possible. “If Greg hadn’t bloody called you about Harvey’s murder then we wouldn’t even be having this conversation! God, that’s why I pretty much ran away from the crime scene. I knew if I stayed on the case then you’d work it out, because I’d be thinking about it and you’d read it from me like an open book.” John leant forward and let his forehead thump against the door.
“I didn’t realise what I was asking you to forgive when I first came back. You were right, I didn’t get it. At all. But that split second when I thought you were lying dead in front of me, facing the prospect of the rest of my life without you in it. I got it then. I’d be physically living… but not alive.” Sherlock’s bottom lip trembled, two tears tracing his cheeks when he blinked rapidly. “But you lived that for two years. I don’t deserve your forgiveness… I don’t deserve you.”
He made a show of running across the road and up to the house in a panic, furiously pounding on the door with tears in his eyes as he looked around in fear. When the door was pulled open angrily, he launched straight in to his act.
“John, I know about Callahan. I know about what he was, what he did to people.” Sherlock’s eyes contained an addendum to the words that had just been spoken
“Exactly, I always said that I was not gay, and I’m not.” John constantly strived to be as honest as possible and for him, sometimes that meant answering questions in such a way that while true, it wasn’t the whole truth. He looked up to see that Sherlock had abandoned any pretence of eating his sandwich and instead was staring at him with his fingers steepled together.
“Yes, I wanted to talk to you. More than the handful of words we’ve exchanged as our paths crossed in the hallway, I mean.” Sherlock answered as he instinctively took in John’s appearance to see what kind of day he’d had.
“But I’m not the rest of the world, John! I’m your best friend so I would have thought you’d tell me something important like that!” Sherlock emptied four sachets of sugar in his tea, stirring it violently before he picked it up so he could make a show of drinking it angrily.
As Dr Chen whirled in that direction, the detective saw a blur of movement from behind one of the conveyer belts. The former soldier rushed forward and delivered a solid punch into Chen’s solar plexus that knocked all the wind out of him, almost bending him in two. John followed it up with an elbow to his back to force him to the floor.
“Even three complaints and a demotion didn’t stop him, John. I can understand your reasons but you need to stop continually flogging yourself, and not just about this. You blame yourself for everything and you never ever cut yourself any slack.” Sherlock moved from his chair so he was sitting next to John on the couch.
“Do you know how long it took me to start throwing doubt on Moriarty’s false identity once I started looking? Half an hour. Thirty minutes to find the first hole in his backstory. The kids tv media company he claimed he worked for in 2008 didn’t exist until 2010 according to Companies House when I searched for the registration number. Three hours to realise that the ‘oldest friend’ of Brooks was attending a boarding school in Wales when he was supposedly playing pranks on Mr Dylan, the maths teacher, with ‘Rickie’ in the East Midlands.” John’s fixed stare made more than a few people shift uncomfortably in their seats.
“PG Tips sounds g- is that a human skull?” Doyle stopped mid-sentence to point over to the other counter with a curious expression. John looked over to it with a huff of amusement.
John carried a box up the stairs to flat 221b, he noted that the living room was even more of a tip than usual and that wasn’t just because he was moving his stuff back in. The doctor put a box on the coffee table and opened it, pulling out a familiar skull, crossing the room to put it back on the mantelpiece.
“Dr Watson, tell me something, have you met anyone special lately?” Mycroft’s voice broke through the ex-soldier’s thoughts and he opened his eyes again and blinked in confusion.
The two parted company and Sherlock headed for the local police station. It took some time and a considerable amount of charm and false flattery of the aging Chief Inspector but the detective was finally allowed to read the incident report and look at the personal effects. The last confirmed sighting of Holly Walters had been on Friday afternoon when she left the law offices where she worked as a legal secretary.
“Well I can’t help you with an ID, my focus was entirely on John, the guard could have tap danced past me twice and I wouldn’t have noticed.” Sherlock grimaced at the tea as if it had done him a personal wrong.
“I’m afraid evidence has come to our attention that paints the situation in a vastly different light.” Lestrade reached into the file and withdrew the CCTV picture. “Major, do you recognise this young man? We wish to speak to him in connection with our inquiry.” Deakins took the picture and studied it for a moment before he handed it back with a shake of his head.
It was finally here. The day that John was supposed to be meeting Mr and Mrs Holmes for dinner. The suit issue had come up a couple more times in the intervening period but without a final resolution, they were at an utter impasse. John had expected Sherlock to mention it again over breakfast, and the fact that he hadn’t had made the doctor suspicious.
John took the cosy off the teapot and poured himself a cup, deciding to drink it black because he needed the caffeine. He was on call again for the Met today starting at nine and he needed to stay sharp.
“Yes, but you do have to be alert to the consequences of striking someone in the vicinity and direction of a sheer drop. Mrs Price also could have notified the authorities straight away, it wouldn’t have saved the victim but it would have counted towards any charge and sentence.” Sherlock was already in the bathroom, having just finished brushing his teeth.
In fact, the only time Sherlock had ever taken an interest in his own finances is when he realised that very often John wasn’t taking a half share of the income they received from private clients. The doctor’s reasoning was that he didn’t do enough work for a fifty/fifty split, so he only paid himself the going hourly rate for an average bodyguard.
“I’m examining that possibility; however, the initial impressions indicate that the scale of the tragedy was down to poorly maintained systems rather than deliberate sabotage. 26 fatalities so far, approximately double that in injured.” Mycroft watched as John closed his eyes, lowering his head for a moment to acknowledge the loss of life. “Your empathy can’t help them now, doctor. Caring isn’t an advantage and cannot save lives.”
John yawned as he walked through the aisles of the Tesco on his way home from the hospital. He’d just done a six till three shift and knew if he went home before he got his shopping, he wouldn’t want to leave his flat again today. He had just put some milk in the basket hanging from his arm when his phone started ringing, he pulled it out and grimaced at the screen.
“Of course I’ll help, it’s not as if I’ll be going out of my way really. Just a few flights of stairs.” Sherlock opened the door and let the doctor walk through. “But first, let’s go somewhere and get warmed up. We could go to Angelo’s if you’re hungry? Kill two birds with one stone.” John’s stomach growled as if on cue, making the pair of them laugh, the tension between them finally dissipating.
About quarter of an hour later, John found he had a lump in his throat that he just couldn’t clear, so he put his paper back down to go fetch a glass of water. However, when he stood from his chair, he felt his head spin and he had to reach out and put a hand on the mantle to steady himself.
Greg Lestrade kicked in the door of the address that John had sent him earlier, realising only after the fact that it had been left unlocked. He had a couple of uniformed officers with him and they swept the house, looking for the cellar. They found a man tied up on the floor of the basement. They sniggered when they saw the improvised headgear. Lestrade got the man into handcuffs and pulled him to his feet, starting to read him his rights.
“What about the killer? What should we be looking at to identify them?” Greg asked as he put the laptop back on the bed with an air of disgust around him. “Track Callahan’s phone, maybe?”
“Right, I’m back. I put John in a cab home to Baker Street, this guy was his rugby trainer apparently and hasn’t seen him since before he went to Afghanistan so I didn’t see a reason to keep him here any longer.” Lestrade appeared behind Sherlock. “What do you think?”
Ethanol. That was what Sherlock could smell on the murder weapon and the victim’s bindings. It was a scent the detective was very familiar with, living with a doctor as he did. A quick browse of the RNIB’s website where they thanked their most generous patrons revealed five doctors in the right areas of London. Pancuronium bromide is often used by anaesthesiologists on patients undergoing surgery, which narrowed the suspect list down to just one.
The doctor picked up the remote once he got settled, flicking through until he found a crime drama knowing Sherlock would rip it to shreds within minutes. John didn’t think anything of it when his flatmate took the seat next to him, they often shared the couch while watching movies and shows. He’d topped up their wineglasses and put them on the table before sitting back.
“Sherlock, I- I can’t do this one with you. It’s too close, too personal, I won’t be able to be objective for you.” John had turned away from the bed so he didn’t have to look at the body. It was the first time the detective had seen his blogger physically recoiling from a corpse.
“Would that have had anything to do with the disciplinary action from a couple of years back?” Sherlock leaned forward with his elbows on his knees, steepling his fingers together. The Major stiffened slightly as he looked at the detective, as if gauging how much he already knew.
Sherlock put his phone away and let his mind go back to the case. He had spent the night trawling through the forum posts of ACAS. The knowledge that it was all an elaborate metaphor to disguise the depraved desires of a group of sexual predators had made the detective’s skin crawl so much that he’d felt compelled to have a scorching hot shower before he left this morning.
“So, thanks to the efforts of one man, the brilliant Sherlock Holmes, this historic treasure has been restored to us once more.” The curator handed the detective a present and posed for the photographers to take their shots. John was looking forward to the conference wrapping up and getting some lunch somewhere when Sherlock suddenly spoke up.
However, Sherlock found a small photograph hidden between a Costa loyalty card and an organ donation card. It was of a smartly dressed man standing at a lectern, giving some sort of talk, lecture or even possibly a press conference.
Some hours later and Sherlock was checking his appearance in the full-length mirror he kept in his room. John had yet to come back downstairs, except to have a shower an hour or so ago. The car that Mycroft had arranged for them would be here in half an hour and Sherlock needed time to co-ordinate John’s accessories for him. The detective was hoping to convince his partner to wear the Sekonda watch he’d bought for him; it would go marvellously with the colour of the suit.
“And if that’s what someone like me can work out, just imagine the things that Sherlock will know about you. I do sincerely hope you didn’t ‘help’ your relative along in the expectation of some sort of inheritance, he loves putting those kinds of people away.” John made a calculated push of the man’s buttons and wasn’t disappointed when he lunged towards him.
Sherlock stumbled and half fell/half slid down a steep muddy incline, he tried to dig his heels in to arrest his descent but only succeeded in catching his right leg on a branch, pain shooting up from his ankle as he finally came to a stop on a natural ledge.
On a hunch, Sherlock pulled out his own mobile and checked the ACAS website. Sure enough, on the forum there was a new thread, apparently started by AmateurAffineur entitled ‘The debt has been repaid’. Sherlock clicked on it to bring up the text. It read:
“No answer for me? Not even to deny the obvious implications? Fine, I’ll assume I’m right then. I’ve always known you were a man ruled by sentiments, John, but I thought you were smarter than this! How could you be so idiotic as to plan to com-”
That thought made Sherlock pause, his older brother may be a lot of things but needlessly cruel wasn’t one of them. He wouldn’t set Sherlock up just to humiliate him, which could only mean that
“You’re not wrong! Not wrong at all.” John grinned with another laugh as he put the shopping away. Thankfully the flat was beginning to warm up nicely, the basement got cold but the renovations had improved the insulation so it didn’t take too long to heat through. “What sort of tea would you like? I’ve got PG Tips, Earl Grey or even some chamomile in.” He’d put the electric kettle on to boil and turned to his guest.
“You’ve hurt your shoulder.” Sherlock stated with a concerned frown on his face. John was doing his best not to move it, even using his right hand to text for once. “Should we go to the hospital?”
It hadn’t been long after that that the detective had had to admit his feelings to himself, if no one else. He loved John Watson, his best friend, colleague, flatmate and blogger. However, the little experience he had had of relationships from his student days had made him believe that it wasn’t worth acting on his attraction. It became nothing more than a background fact in his life, like that he played the violin very well or despised idiotic people.
“Lovely, just wish I had some jam to go with it.” John commented, raising a curious eyebrow at his friend who grinned at him cheekily. Sherlock reached a hand into the pocket of his signature coat and turned it out to reveal it was full of individual foil servings of different flavoured jams and preserves. A huge laugh made John clamp both hands to his ribs with a gasp and a deep wince. “Where the hell did you swipe them from?”
John awoke with a jerk, he cursed when the movement pulled his left shoulder. He noted his arms were threaded through the backrest of a plastic and metal chair, his wrists handcuffed together; his ankles were unbound and he realised he was in some sort of cellar when his eyes adjusted to the gloom. John could see a washer/dryer along with a lawn mower and an old bench press, all gathering dust.
“I can’t deny that there have been persistent rumours surrounding him regarding fraternisation. However there have been few official complaints as it appears these relationships, if they existed, were entirely consensual.” Deakins seemed to be carefully choosing his words.
“Is there any particular reason that you’ve decided to make fun of me?” John kept his eyes forward and his voice even, the light touches on his shoulder stilled instantly but Sherlock didn’t withdraw his arm or move to widen the space between them.
“She seemed fine, she said she’d see me Monday, like she does every Friday.” Jonathan sniffled again, pulling another tissue out of the box. “We’ve worked together for over five years; I just can’t believe she’s gone.” The detective wanted to bring up the affair, but he needed to get Mrs Price to leave the room first. She’d been hovering near the couch since he’d come in. Sherlock put his hand in his pocket and typed a blind message to John.
“Not at all. If the blind person is familiar with the space then they can move around with confidence. Some can even use tongue clicks as a form of echolocation to navigate an unknown area.” John replied as he folded his arms across his chest. Suddenly there was a loud shriek of fright that rang throughout the house. When they got to the den, they found Sally comforting a shaken female officer by rubbing her back softly.
“It wasn’t really your idea, John. Don’t blame yourself, that’s exactly how they operate.” Sherlock’s tone was pleading with him. The doctor turned around finally; the detective hadn’t moved from where he’d left him and there was an almost agonised look on his face.
“Don’t look so terrified, I don’t like him that way. I’ve already had enough of workplace relationships, thanks. What I mean is I’m jealous of the way the Doc has dedicated his entire life to you. Even when you were gone, he always stood up for you and was your number one fan. It’s beautiful and humbling. There’s no one in my life that would do that for me.” Sally’s eyes were soft as she looked between the two flatmates with a bemused expression that looked a little longing.
“Yes, but I’ll take it if it makes him feel better.” Sherlock replied distractedly, he was already collating all the new information he had about how John had spent these last two years. Mycroft was right,
John internally winced in sympathy at the nasty spill as he slowed down and cautiously approached the man on the ground. He was about two foot away when Falcon surged upwards, tackling John into a metal industrial waste bin behind them with all his strength. The doctor had the air knocked right out of him and felt an explosion of pain in his torso.
“And if that isn’t winning at something, then I don’t know what is, quite frankly.” John was breathing a little heavily as he quickly handcuffed their suspect’s hands behind his back. He then used his belt to lash his legs together before pulling a walkie talkie out from his jacket. “Alright, put the main lights on, Greg, I’ve got him.” A moment later and the whole factory floor was lit up.
“Right, so when we host a charitable event, ticket income and donations are put into a designated account. We open a new one each year when we move causes. RNIB’s account nominal code is 8207.” Nick and John stood behind Sherlock as the detective brought up the account to check the credits and debits. “Then at the end of the given quarter, the amount in 8207 is sent on to the RNIB and is written to the P&L account as a donation.”
“When we get there, I’m going to go to the police station to look at Ms Walters’ file and effects to see if there’s anything to indicate foul play. I want you to go to the morgue to see what the autopsy threw up, or even better, to get a look at the body for yourself.” Sherlock informed his colleague of the plan; he knew the deceased’s body hadn’t been released for burial yet because there was meant to be a coroner’s inquiry on the following Monday.
have a chance to lay one finger on him.” Bartley snarled out those words as he moved the bottle closer to his lips when Lestrade attempted to take a step forward, making the DI fall back.
Once Sherlock was certain their flat was an allergen free zone, he took the rubbish bag down the stairs to put in the outside bin. John was dozing in his chair when his phone buzzed with a message.
When Sherlock picked up the mobile, he was pleased to note it wasn’t one with a thumb print lock. It was a four digit-pin so he tried Holly’s date of birth, which was incorrect. A quick check on Facebook and he put in Mr Price’s but again, incorrect. Sherlock chewed on his lip before a final idea came to him, he checked her LinkedIn page to see when she first started working for Price and entered in that date. He smiled in satisfaction as the phone unlocked.
“When that happens, I hold my gun… because when I have a gun in my hand, I need to be focused. I need to know that the person I’m pointing it at is the right person. I need to be able to hear what my instincts are telling me. Otherwise I could move too slowly, miss a shot and you or someone else could be hurt. Using a gun is about discipline, if you can’t summon that discipline at will then you have no business even touching a firearm.” John was staring at the gun, staring through it, remembering faraway deserts under a blazing sun.
The Steed suit had been taken out of the bag and was lying on the bed with a folded piece of paper on top of it. Sherlock strode across the room and picked up the note. It read:
“I’ve been thinking about the inheritance money.” John spoke in a low voice when the kiss broke, Sherlock beginning to unknot the tie he was wearing. “It’s been sitting there for over two years doing nothing so I think I’m going to donate most of it to charities that work towards eradicating poverty.” Once again, the detective found himself astounded at the compassion his lover had for his fellow man and an idea came to him.
“Nicely swollen from the looks of it.” John had just come back in the room, he had one ice pack in his hand and another balanced on his left shoulder. The doctor sat on the table next to Sherlock’s foot and examined it carefully. “Definitely just a twisted ankle. If you avoid doing anything strenuous for the rest of today then I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s mostly better by tomorrow.” He gently placed the wrapped ice pack on his ankle before moving to the couch.
“Even better, you can make something like this for me as an apology when you next destroy something of mine.” The doctor had already made a decent dent in the food on his plate, pleased to see that Sherlock had an appetite too for once. “Wish you’d have warned me beforehand, I’d have made more of an effort to not look like…” He waved a vague hand towards himself, searching for the correct phrase.
“The basement flat? But that was riddled with damp, John’s shoulder always hurts more in the cold. It was clearly a terrible idea, why didn’t you stop him, Mycroft? I asked you to look after him for me.” He fixed his older brother with a glare that only deepened when he received a chuckle in response.
“Well, it’s just a good job I happened to notice the couch had been moved.” The doctor grimaced as he flexed his left hand, the scuffle not doing his injury any favours. “Right, back to the day job.” John went back to the corpse to resume his examination.
“I’m so sorry. It was never my intention to humiliate you. Not now nor any of those other times, please believe me.” The detective felt his own throat constricting as he was forced to face the damage he had unwittingly caused his dearest friend.
“John, here, try this!” Sherlock had already stuck a small spoon into the top of it. The doctor took the tub in his hands and looked at his friend suspiciously.
“Yes, well if you will insist on headbutting doors then it’s no surprise you have a headache.” Sherlock looked at the time on his watch. “You should get some more sleep; you were awake for approaching twenty-four hours total yesterday and this morning. Don’t worry, I’ll make sure to keep it down.” John yawned on cue and got to his feet with a nod, he walked to the living room door before he stopped, turning back around with a nervous air.
“W-who are you?!” He cried out in fright, his voice slurring as the remains of a two litre bottle of cider was knocked off the bed. The detective heard the front door flying open behind him as he entered the bedroom. “Don’t come any closer!” Morgan opened the bottle in his hand and brought it towards his lips.
“Thank you, Mycroft.  And if you in any way tip him off, I will tell your mother that you are dating someone but don’t want to take them home to meet your parents.”
“Yes, yes.  And the champagne, don’t forget that!  Ah, me, I just knew when Sherlock brought you in, all those years ago, I thought, those boys need a candle, and now!  Ah, che bello l’amore!”
“He had gone out to dinner with his sister; some Italian place on Wiltshire Street.  He called me from the bus on the way home--he has a bedsit near Roland-Kerr College, where he’s a student--and we were talking about normal stuff.  But once he’d got off the bus, he got quiet.  Said he thought someone was following him.  They’d followed him from the restaurant, but it was a pretty busy street so he didn’t think it odd that someone else would be getting on the same bus.  But once he got off, the person was still following…I told him to go into a shop or something, but he said he wasn’t
“Sherlock.”  John gave him a shaky smile as he blinked down at him. “I...I am sure you have realized by now that the case isn’t real.  I just wanted to have some fun getting you here tonight.”
“I tried calling him back several times during the night, and I even woke up his sister at four in the morning to see if she’d heard from him.  Early this morning, I went out there to the college and tried to retrace his steps.  I found the alley; it was crazy.  There was food everywhere, and it looked like there’d been a fight.  I called the police, and a couple of officers stopped by, but they said that since there wasn’t any blood they couldn’t see any evidence of violence, and since he’s an adult…told me to let them know if he didn’t turn up after twenty-four hours…”
them??  I fail to see how this is ever going to be relevant to crime-solving unless we finally get a case in a
??  What is this, a smorgasbord?  A buffet for zombies?  Or is this your version of cleaning out the fridge??”  He shut off the hob under the now-dry pot and surveyed the contents of the steaming tray:  two fingers, an ear, half a kidney, is that a
“I dunno.  Lisa and I were alright for the first few years, but then we both got busy with our careers, and…”
“Because Laurina was your friend in school, and you haven’t seen her in forty years,” her husband responded with a patient smile.
They drove in companionable silence for a few minutes. Violet had been smiling softly while watching the familiar landmarks go by, but suddenly she gave a huff and put on a slightly annoyed expression.  “I suppose now we
