“But you will not take Dean as part of the deal—” the angel hesitated.
“Yeah, I can actually imagine the teachers allowing you to do it,” Dean now sounded serious, “This school is just self-sufficient with all the students with experience on farming families. The school has it all from crops to livestock, food processing, forestry and even civil engineering. All the equipment is also modern and high-end so if we want to make or try something as long as we ask for permission, they will actually let us.”
“M’fine, fine,” Dean lied, wishing Sam’s voice would stop exploding in his eardrums. Where the hell's the volume of this thing?
Dean blinked up at him with expression turning grave by the second. Castiel felt his heart drop in his stomach.
Dean gritted his teeth with a sweat drop sliding down to his chin. Then he calmed his nerves and just looked at Castiel's face. Cas was as tranquil as ever and Dean envied him. Come to think of it, he needed to show the same resolve.
“You were worried about me?” Dean grinned again.
“You don’t get to patronize me, dad.”
“Are you planning to find a job that’s related to horses?”
“If you mean us screaming at each other about what’s best for what and then you pointing out I’ve already had my fair share of sacrifice and you forgetting you took on Lucifer when none of us could then, yeah, kinda. But my point is, we’ve never really talked about the future that Sam described.”
"I got you, beautiful," Dean whispered softly with sweaty face kissing on his cheeks, biting on his earlobes and sealing his mouth with encouraging kisses. Castiel had his eyes close, concentrating on breathing.  Dean's cock was large and solid inside him and he was hot. Castiel could only embrace Dean and bury his face on the crook of his neck when they changed paced. And Dean's voice, oh god, Castiel wanted to hear it every day.
“Your payment.”
Castiel blinked but didn’t say his thoughts.
“Cardinal rule—never trust a demon,” Dean smirked.
He began by lying Dean on the bed and hooking his pajamas down his legs and leaving it on the edge of the bed. He didn’t say anything when he sat up, just rested his hand on Dean’s hips. Dean smiled at him knowing by the look in Cas’ eyes that he was in the mood now. Castiel just pauses with fingertips resting just above Dean’s hipbone, just looking at him. Dean couldn’t remember when the last time he was made to feel shy about his body. Cas had that effect on him the way he was just staring. Dean was a SWAT officer, but he was not above anyone not to blush under such intense gaze. Dammit, he wasn’t even fully naked yet.
Cartwright's eyes flickered at Dean.
Unfortunately for him, 5:00 AM was a nightmare. He was a morning person base from previous routine, but that wasn’t morning—that was torture. He was woken up by his roommates nagging him to turn off his alarm. They didn’t have the same schedule that term so they were allowed to laze on the bed. Castiel envied them as he yawned while he changed uniform until he remembered who were part of his group and hurried. He thought he’d get used to waking up early after learning that 7:00 was breakfast, but it turned out it could still be earlier. This was not normal in his high school.
“Tell that to me garden patch with foolproof cat paw prints all over it. I tried telling her about it in the friendliest manner—”
“That’s not how you label angels, Dean.”
"Yeah..."
Castiel wrapped his arms protectively around Dean’s sleeping form and dragged him closer to his body. The hunter didn’t wake in contrast to his usual self always alert. This was Dean with his armor down when he’s with him and Castiel intended to protect him in any way possible.
“It’s on the bedside table in your room.”
Dean took the pliers and shoot his mates a sharp look before he went back to Castiel. “Uh, I think it’s best if we go back to your house. I was about to call you because these guys here all reported and we finished on time. I got time for you.” He smiled cheekily.
Or that could just be the Mark. Castiel often thought of just breaking Dean’s room door open, kissing him till his lips were swollen and just ravish him on that sacred bed. Or that could just be the Mark, Castiel wasn’t sure, but he would never hurt Dean, but at the same time—Dean was really driving him insane.
He blinked black, “Thanks for peeking at my soul. It’s something, isn’t it? Probably got a little jagged with the transformation, but you’ve seen how I glued it together, yeah? Did I do a good work? I mean, I felt your patched-up work, but this is me now.”
“Dean,” it was the closest to Dean’s soul he has ever seen.
They spent the whole afternoon wrapped in each other’s arms. It was a surprise because Dean was into cowboy stuff, something Castiel was only too glad to learn.
“And now that you know?”
"What?"
“It’s okay, I was just fixing stuff,” he half-heartedly gestured to the telescope.
“I don’t want anything to affect my lunch. You saw it on the menu today? We’re having beef bowls. So, I’ll pass this time.”
"Dean!”
“Receiving it was a given.” Dean’s brow furrowed.
The doctor leaned back on his chair. “It’s why you’re here. Last night’s activity was my own judgment. Tonight, let’s see if you can sleep without my help. I will hypnotize you from time to time to so that you can regain control of this particular faculty. After that, we will open your mind into the roots of the fear—"
“We need to purge their digestive system in order to maintain hygiene during the processing.” Ms. Barnes continued, “So it’s okay to leave them as it is.”
“You mean there are thieves even here?”
Castiel woke up late yet he couldn’t bring himself to leave the bed. Not with Dean, beautiful Dean Winchester still fast asleep beside him, naked on his bed while Castiel remained under the sheets. He wanted to tease Dean, wanted to make love to him and his intent was felt when Dean opened his eyes and grab him for a morning kiss. They couldn’t take their hands off the other. Castiel wanted to stay like this, but the nagging feeling of work had him up and about. His back hurt though, after doing rounds with Dean last night. He was disappointed to see Dean already on his clothes and shoving a foot on his shoes. Something about getting a whooping from Bobby today of all days because they had a mighty appointment.
Castiel contemplated before resigning to the only choice- to walk back. That’s when the bushes behind the trees wriggled. Castiel stiffened. What was it they say you do when you encounter bears…?
There was a loud crash. Castiel’s heart stopped. He didn’t stop running until he saw the pick-up, didn’t even freeze as he saw someone move on the ground. Castiel fell on his knees and embrace Dean as tightly as he could. To hear Dean's heart beating, Castiel forgot everything after that. It took a long time before Castiel heard Dean’s soothing voice, by which time the other CALS students have already caught up with them.
since technically church people aren’t supposed to own islands. They live for charity.” He squinted at the travelogue.
He groaned as he covered his face. Immediately feeling like crying and glaring at the world for derailing his morning, and he hadn’t had coffee yet! He took a moment to compose himself, a hand gripping tightly over his nose as he tried to mentally get over this quickly. He had to find a way to get rid of it before going to work. He didn’t want to come home with it greeting him at all, not wanting to imagine how his house would smell after the entire day, and it’s just Monday!
“Oh, your brother is really thoughtful. Do you think he’ll like it if I send him some meat too?”
“That’s some good junk right there,”
“Is that how you think…?”
The demon froze. Castiel watched him. There's tension on the demon's shoulder for a while, but the fight left his body.
Castiel woke up the next morning feeling heavy. It was still dawn but he felt spent. There was a job that needed to be done but it was the first time he was afraid to do it. He got up from the bed and changed to his working clothes before walking down the steps leading to the pigpen.
“But I was just testing the geoscope, I made it work, look—” Jack beckoned Dean to look. Much to his relief, the duo looked startled and distracted enough.
“No, not really.”
“No. There’s a reason we’re still in the dungeon, right? Whoever’s recording our memories here, it’s better that they get this right. So…” Dean inhaled again. Castiel met his eyes. “Fuck me to heaven, Cas.”
Dean nodded and from where he sat on the couch, his eyes flew to the direction of the kitchen as if he could see past the walls into the back door.
“I’m not, this isn’t fucking,” Dean held his knees and drew closer to his entrance, spiking up Castiel’s needy hole, “This is lovemaking.”
“Here?” Panic rose in Dean’s voice but it was nothing to the panic that consumed Castiel for saying so. He tried to rethink how best to respond when Dean was sitting on his lap. It was quite hard to let that go, but if Dean said so, he would.
“Do you want anything when I return?”
“Sorry, but Cas is already in the Equestrian club,” Dean pointed out. Balthazar looked a tad disappointed, but he still merrily bid everyone on the table a good day.
“Just, are we in a hurry?” Sam contemplated but he’s already on his phone which told Dean his ad had been sold, “I think Eileen’s in another part of town.”
“No, Jack, that’s not—” Sam exchanged looks with Cas and Dean opposite him from the table, “That’s not how we meant it.”
"I'm sorry, Dean--" he wiped the corner of Dean's mouth, still unable to move after his orgasm.
“My jealous handyman,” Castiel smirked. “Does that mean you’ll be sticking around for long?”
“Are you on a tractor club?” Dean joked only to receive a roll of eyes from Adam.
“Huh? Oh, you mean Gavin?” Dean set the straws carefully on Baby’s box before leaning on the stick and looking Castiel straight in the eyes, “Not a bit.”
Castiel made a face. “I wouldn’t say ‘nothing’ but…”
Dean practically scrambled out of Castiel’s lap onto the table where he got flipped to his stomach. Giggling, Dean bent down his office desk, shaking his head as he kicked down his pants.
“Anything I can help you with, Cas?” Dean offered, who was with him at the library after class. Dean wasn’t exactly reading but he said he’d love to accompany Cas on this pizza endeavor after their club activities. Castiel felt a little comforted that the guy was really looking after him. But since Dean is already asking…maybe he should try a little bit of honesty too.
"That's not true,"
“Is this your first time with a horse?”
The green-eyed model blinked back at him.
Dean was fascinated for a moment before the waitress came in to take their order and its game on. Flirty words exchange, Sam giving him a pained expression with a touch of embarrassment, Castiel eyeing Dean while Jack started asking why there were naked people walking around saved only by Eileen’s phone call informing them, she’s an hour away and then the full course was served.
Dean visibly froze. He locked eyes with the doctor and there was no judgment there. He did see a flicker of interest but he piped down his horn. He remembered what Sam said. Was it his fault the doctor stirred his loins?
Team Alpha had cleared the area except him who was still watching the bomb with ten minutes to blast off. Gadreel was kneeling around the bomb with Castiel while Dean stood protectively behind him when the officer squinted at the window.
That morning when they turned up at the cafeteria, it was to find sunnyside up eggs for breakfast.
“We will not meet in heaven if you keep up with that attitude. You know I’d do anything to be with you, Dean. And if it means taking the Mark again, I will. All to protect this moment we have right here and your future.”
Dean was already moving before he realized what to do. He had made a mental note to remember where the live interview was happening live and almost cried in relief to see that it was ten minutes cab drive from where he was, Dean wasn’t going to miss it.
“When I said I loved you back?” he glanced at the officer whose eyes were bright blue, a hue so intense when behind him was nothing but white. Dean thought Cas looked like an angel. “I say it almost every day, how could I forget?”
“Yes.” Castiel glanced at his notes where he was already scheduling Ham’s diet, “Ms. Barnes said it’s possible to increase its weight and be on par with the others after three months if I just stick to feeding it special feeds,”
Murmured the demon back, hissing at the brush of Castiel’s knee but the angel kept him suspended in the air with slight mortification that he was doing this to Dean but he had no choice. The tiny uncertain voice in the dire need tug something in Castiel he did not expect.
“But still, it’s a good way of introducing myself to him, right?”
Castiel froze just as he stepped in the kitchen. He found Dean an hour later, still up the metal ladder with toned arms up the plastered ceiling, working slowly on drilling back the screws one by one, something Castiel considered learning in case it happened again. Dean probably saw him from the corner of his eyes because as soon as Castiel stopped by the door, he began talking. It took Castiel a moment to realize Dean was talking about
“I understand.” He actually doesn’t. He still got reports to finish tomorrow too.
Was it Dean playing with him or something else? Because Castiel can’t shake that feeling…
“In short, the guy knows his suppliers.”
Bobby, if that was his name, put the receiver back and cleared his throat. “
“Oh? So, was it really gruesome and smelly?”
“Dean?”
Castiel watched the man scramble away after giving Dean one ferocious look. Dean’s flashy smile didn’t disappear and soon the bar went back to its usual clamor, leaving the angel and the demon staring intently at each other. Castiel could confirm what was true in the situation. Dean was bad news.
They waited a few minutes before the door was answered. Mrs. Butters peered at them through her thick spectacle, wearing a faded nightgown and holding cat snacks in her hand. Her eyes went from Dean to Castiel who greeted her a pleasant morning out of habit. It was the only exchanged between them neighbors.
Just when the god of afternoon slumber was finally upon him—
Dean grinned, “Sounds delicious.”
Castiel finally caught sight of Dean. As if on cue, the green-eyed rider turned his way, caught his eyes and brightened. Castiel did like the way Dean’s whole face just beams up like flowers in full bloom, he was really pleasing to look at. So, he couldn’t control the slight smile that crept up his tight lips when he saw Dean making his way toward him with all intent of talking. Just when he thought he would be a loner in college too, he met the most amazing guy willing to hang out with him. It was a refreshing good start.
It was a dream for Dean.
“Dean, calm down.—”
“Building security reported a possible hostage situation. The suspect has barricaded himself on the eight floors with the target. They’re now sending surveillance footage and floor plans. Gadreel, on the laptop, now.”
The second the door closed; Dean dropped the hammer on the floor. Castiel had pushed him back against the wall in an attempt to pin him. Dean was an inch taller but Castiel also sported that muscle of his own after his morning jog and workout. He won’t win to Dean but he certainly wouldn’t lose.
“Please separate the meat of the pig with the x-mark.”
Dean opened his mouth to speak, then closed them. He shook his head. "No."
“You must have plenty of girlfriends, huh?” he accidentally said. He wished he could take it back because he was such an idiot, but the way Dean glanced at him was too pure.
Castiel leaned back when the head of his cock pressed on Dean’s ring. The demon was true to its reputation and sank deep in one slide. It was a pleasure that Castiel fist his hand on the sheets. The heat, the feeling of Dean’s hole around his cock, the tightness all accumulating into one name.
Castiel groaned and slammed his palm over his face. Dean was chortling on the other end now.
Dean turned to have a quick look at a guy with red boxers under his swimming trunks, then smirked back at the bartender.
“Oh, Dean, I’m so sorry. I don’t remember—”
“Your face—your hurt, Cas…”
“Yeah, we’re steady.”
“I don’t particularly have a version to them, it’s them who don’t like me. Besides, caring about them didn’t necessarily suggest I like them. It’s still awful to harm creatures just because they practice their natural instincts.”
"It wasn't just you-"
“Are you really… going to take responsibility?”
, Cas…”
“What, you don’t wanna?” Dean blinked looking crestfallen.
“We don’t even get phone signals!”
"Ummm…" Castiel inclined his head on one side before walking after the hunter again, "no problem. I will take care of your shirt, Dean. This is my next favorite wardrobe next to the trench coat.”
Castiel chortled grumpily. “I fell from heaven, Dean. Don’t worry, I’ll hold tight on you.”
“Woah…” his eyes widened at the spectacular view. He had never found hiking a hobby, but the way he was seeing this landscape was making him change his view, the way CALS had changed his perspective.
"Shit—Dean—ahhh!"
“Yeah.”
“Yes! I had the money from my part-time job!”
“I am. I’m going ahead now, Gavin, hurry up so you don’t be late too.”
Castiel clenched his teeth. “Please, no matter what happens, don’t take Dean from here. Don’t take him from my arms…”
“I never did. Now, your record says you have three therapists in a span of one year?” Dr. Novak stated, “That’s not really a record, but it says something. I’ve seen your background reports, but I would rather it come from you. Do you believe your doctors when they told you to have an anxiety disorder, Dean?”
Castiel said through gritted teeth. He didn’t know what made the demon suddenly appear when he did everything to escape Castiel’s detection, but the killing intent coming from the demon behind his evil smile was making the angel nervous for everyone around.
“What did I tell you about calling a guy cute?”
“I don’t miss them.” Castiel looked up at the sky. The hawk was still flying up above. Just how high was it? The eagle was gone.
“I’ll just pull an all-nighter tonight since I’m sure my four-legged neighbors won’t leave me in peace after a new scent mixed in their territory today.”
“Jack. He got too close to the water and a jet ski passed by—it drenched him, I had to give my shirt, or he’ll get sunburned. I’m an angel, I don’t have the same trouble.”
Castiel sucked in some air in his lungs. It had been a while since he heard that voice. No, it was almost a year now that he thought of it. He wasn’t really on speaking terms with his father after graduation. Right after his father told him to take that university exam that Castiel failed…just because.
From then on, he and Dean had cut out even parts and tied it well with a string. They were also taught what to do next after the prep work and curing which would take about a week before smoking it. Together, they brought the pieces back to the fridge and deposited it all securely inside.
“It’s a barn house.”
“Isn’t that troublesome?” Adam glanced at him quietly, “How do I put it? You’re already struggling with our weekly practicum; you study really hard to pass all the dairy programs and really manage to be the top students on all subjects even when you’re not from a farming family. You tutor that helpless Gavin every week, you have your club activities—and just this morning you were also dead beat from the Physical Education activity—”
“I understand.” Dean nodded with his headlight.
Dean's eyes widened. The guy then looked at Dean and then hurried away as if he was caught red-handed. The hunter blinked and had to look at Castiel again, his frown deepening.
"I mean this was all designed. You forgot I have your smart brother on my side. He was... able to find a spell that will bind you to me after... after sealing a body contract."
Castiel reached out to Dean's shirt messed up with blood and curled his fingers on the fabric. He then tugged Dean closer, drawing too close with space forgotten. Castiel gave the handyman a reproachful look.
“I see,” Dr. Novak twirled his pen. It was hard to read him. Dean didn’t want to linger on what the doctor might be thinking so he sucked some air and got right into the inevitable.
“He was laughing on my face, man. I think he was surprised to see me there this morning, alive. And I call em my family.”
“How’s university?” he asked not really concerned with the answers. Something about the room felt heavy, he just couldn’t pinpoint what. He was really sweating badly. Sam was such a chatterbox.
Dean hummed now, his breathing easily lost in the sounds of the waves of the ocean. Castiel fell silent too, but when Dean peeked from the corner of his eyes, it’s to find Castiel watching him.
Dean didn't hold back. Dean suckled his lips with tongue invading the recess of his mouth, all Castiel could do was give him. Give him everything until he made full marks on the hunter, so he won't forget.
“Why is he spinning it like that? I’ve seen it on commercials, but is it just to show off?” Balthazar asked him. Castiel nodded.
“It’s fine, I’m not alone. We had sniffers check the perimeter. He’s not getting here that easily. You be careful, Cas. I don’t like where this is going, but if this shows he’s completely focused on an individual then it’s a plus side. It means we don’t need to worry about bombs getting dropped off just anywhere—"
“It’s not… your skin… your…”
Castiel bit his lip to a bleeding point, his gaze unwavering to the hysteric Winchester who opened up like a damn with his eyes shining, his lips trembling until they disappeared behind his palms. Dean was shaking.
“Yeah, aren’t you popular?” Dean smirked.
“Let's go, you,” Dean said in a severe voice.
“An oven, I knew it.”
He was still mulling over it on his way home. He received a message from the handyman that he was going to be late because of a sudden client that left a broken car behind. Castiel gave a short reply but he was a little glad. At least he could compose himself before Dean could find him this way. But was any of it true? Dean was being overly protective of him? It seemed like something Dean Winchester was capable of doing, it’s almost natural.
Dr. Novak was here to collect and Dean was going to give him a bonus.
Most importantly, they survived. He pulled his sleeve down to hide the Mark from uncertain eyes. The assurance that none of the Winchesters had to sacrifice themselves this time, was for him, a win.
“It’s nice to see it fits,” Dean mumbles, I mean I did buy it for you but left it in the trunk of the car. Anyway, you’re safe here, you can stay here until morning.”
“Who wants to sneak here after dinner?” Anna said with a sudden determined face. Safe to say, Castiel was not one to rebel on rules, but with Dean’s eager face for trouble, he acquiesced. He couldn’t imagine letting Dean out prowling at night on his own with Anna, anyway. Not by how she kept checking Dean out.
“I—think it’s working fine. I mean, the guy had me sleeping the rest of the time.”
"I'm glad you're okay..." he started but his voice faltered at the gaze Dean was giving him.
Castiel hummed, "We already made rumors since day one," and jovially pressed their open lips again.
“You really up to taking the role?”
“Hmm?”
“Well—" Castiel began when there was a loud thud.
“Wouldn’t you rather face it here now?” Castiel tilted his head, the kind of curious-puppy eyed look that always got Dean to rethink and agree. As Dean once said,
he choked at his own doing when he tried to lick Castiel’s lips, impatience gradually showing. “But…
“I apologized if I wasn’t helpful on the phone, I needed my client to be safe first. The note was sent through mail with the others. It was a small envelope; it fell on the floor right after she picked it up.”
“How did this rumor start anyway?”
“Morning, Dean.”
“It’s not my fault I was the only one who could jumpstart that project. Anyways, speaking of pizza, Anna messaged me. I think we’re going to have a pizza stall at the upcoming school fair.”
“Yeah, if they weren’t focused, they might end up cutting themselves.”
“That’s not… She’ll be here soon, I ought to meet her in the souvenir shop in case she wants to change clothes. I want to buy her one.”
“He is a prolific bomber. A professional going by his attainments. Gone bad.”
Somehow, Castiel felt nervous. Not only was the dairy processing group assigned to the pizza stall, his club was also going to participate in a paid horse-riding event. Dean was going to take care of the flashy riding while the other members will guide the riders. He was sure Dean would look breathtaking, as usual. The way he is every time he rides a baby in the horse pen. He wanted to be there as well.
Castiel awkwardly nodded and started for the door, looking behind him to see Dean wasn’t following. Of course, he needed to get the ladder. Castiel was amused by the way his legs bent, then noticed the man’s gait and form of bowlegs. He didn’t comment on it when Dean took his time getting his toolbox and ladder from the trunk before facing Castiel again the exact moment he put his yellow hearing protection around his neck.
“Castiel, did you say pizza!?” Gavin said excitedly. “Man, I’ve never had any pizza my entire life!”
“Dean,” he murmured, his eyes in haze at all the tiny sensation, “take off your pants, please,” he didn’t want to admit it but Dean’s pants were rough on his skin.
“Y-yeah, well. You really think somebody who upset a woman could brave inviting a guy—?” Dean swallowed hard. "I don't want to be mocked at, you know how guys are."
“I presume the way you spoke so boldly about taking me on, that you have, in an expression, ‘swing that way’.”
Dean moaned as his eyes fluttered close while sucking the tight buds of Castiel’s nipples, giving attention to both peck and leaving them raw and red as he trailed down the accountant’s chiseled torso, his hardening member bouncing on Castiel’s thigh, leaving the latter’s own length to twitch not only with want but with desire.
Castiel looked down his chest then back at Dean with a shrug. The hunter shut the lid of the car, locked it and together they gathered the two other bags on the ground. Castiel suddenly touched his elbow.
“Yeah, I’m just saying… don’t want you swimming with the fishes again.”
Castiel cried when he’s near, his hands nonstop in rubbing Dean’s cock. He rubbed the tip of the sweltering length, clawing at the undersides and wriggling Dean’s balls. The hunter shouted in a frenzy as he fucked himself to Cas. It was exhilarating, it was living.
“Alright, get the knives! We’re cutting like hell here!” Dean shouted and at least a dozen students raised their weapons. Castiel joined them and soon, the dozens of flat pizza dough were layered with tomato sauce, toppings and pizza. Nobody cared that it was a hot day. No one noticed when the group added in numbers with students from other years and clubs and the teachers joining in to watch and observe.
"Dean…" his voice cracked. Dean shuffled away and put more distance between them.
“You like it?”
“You flirt with?” Pearl suggested. Castiel’s mouth hung open. To admit it now would practically make him embarrassed in front of Dean. To be so assuming. Charlie and Pearl glanced at each other. Castiel blinked back at them, speechless.
“Then how could you possibly know?” the doctor rebuffed. Dean pouted.
“I’ll find it tomorrow.”
“His free will is questionable for now... It’s complicated.”
“They’re beautiful though, Cas.” Jack was saying, “Your wings.”
Castiel would have died of the irony.
“Oh, touchy. Maybe I’d be more concerned if you looked healthy, but you don’t which interests me a lot. If you have any kind of illness, you spit it out, okay? We can’t afford a sick worker here even if the work is shit and pays lesser than your average human salary. We are very serious about keeping everyone in good health, you get my drift, Dean?”
Castiel fell silent and also observed his surroundings.
They fought a bit, the angel not wanting Dean out on top of his body but the next minutes were a hot mess of Dean fucking down Castiel’s finger, two fingers—three— the magic bed vibrated around them, Dean riding Cas when he’s finally open and he enjoyed what he saw.
Castiel gasped when Dean turned him around and hauled him to his feet. The next thing he knew, Dean was on him after placing his ass on the empty counter.
"Come back with me, Dean, we'll fix it..." he knew they couldn't. Not the way how Dean would deal with this after. Not the way Dean would remember it... Dean will hate him and that's alright. They can fix this- Sam can fix this and Castiel will go on his way knowing Dean is saved.
Castiel stared at the egg in his hands. “I hope it is easy.”
“I will make sure it will be the last,” Dr. Novak drew a chair closer to him where he examined him closely, “Is something bothering you, Dean? We have worked hard to make the idea of the bedroom ideal for you. What stressed you so much before going back to sleep?”
“Yes.”
Castiel’s eyes widened. “Dean?” Relieved and dread washed over the accountant. He found his heart hammering on his chest, certain reaction of shock and something else. Was Dean going to cancel their appointment?
“You just can’t accept it, can you? How I crave for you?”
Dean sighed internally and raised a hand to placate the woman.
the old man chuckled,
“What makes you say it’s the end, you two barely began?”
Castiel always wanted to hear that—of Dean shutting up because of him. The groan that escaped both their lips when Castiel slipped into Dean’s heat, making him tighten his hold on Dean’s ass. He slipped in the tight ring in one swift move before backing out and slipping inside again. Castiel couldn’t speak, he let his groan define how he felt as he drove deeper as Dean wrapped tightly around his cock.
“Yes, we are.”
” Dean said eagerly, almost petulantly, “Because you’re making me itchy. Making my insides burn just seeing you… You make me remember things… You make me want to hear you scream while I carve angel sigils on your body and let you writhe in pain and I’d laugh while fucking you. I’ll slam you on the floor and get high on your blood leaving your body…That… that gives me a thrill, you get, angel? But you won’t die… and I get to do it all over again because right now…you’re a temptation in that vessel, something I can see a break. If you let me just touch you… while you try to burn me away, I’d like to see you try and hurt this body, I’ll even recommend it. It wants pain as it wants you…
“Castiel Novak.”
"I'm alright." he said and sat up with Dean's hand plastered securely on his back.
Castiel wiped his chin with the sleeve of his elbow just as he finished spading the remnants of the muck from the wheelbarrow. Kevin and Charlie joined him pushing with them their own filled wheelbarrow. After depositing and cleaning the ground, the three of them stared at the large pile of manure at the back of the stable.
Dean crawled on top of him and slid lower to his middle just to kiss his stomach.
“It’s not your first time under the radiance, or maybe because we’ve been digging graves in the dark for too long, Dean. I must say this was really needed, I’m glad we came.”
“Didn’t I tell you to really stop flirting?”
“Mmmm. But you’ll let him go for something else? You're so afraid of losing him you only see yourself heartbroken in the end. Why not try to see from another perspective, Castiel? One where you are happy? Because you know? I owe Dean my freedom. It’s only right I give him back what he wanted the most in this life and I will if only you trust Dean more."
“There’s the bed upstairs you know,” he said suggestively. Dean raked his hands on top of his shirt, breathing hard as he ran his hands over the accountant’s body.
“I need you to acknowledge it.”
“He can’t help it.”
Dean swallowed him whole. It was a little dirty and a little early but Castiel was on board.
“I’m sorry for disturbing you, Dean.”
“Sorry I didn’t get any lunch ready,” Uncle Bobby was saying as he helped them with their luggage, “I only come here to feed the horses and cattle. But you can always cook for the two of you, right, Dean?”
“Dean.”
“Definitely not.”
Amara’s thin eyebrows rose up to heaven.
Having to share the same office again was more falling in their routine steps they carry from their home. Though, Castiel had a bad habit of bringing work at home, Dean had no complaint as his partner was as attentive to love making as ever.
Something or someone about a noisy vehicle and greenish color.
Castiel found no resistance there. He immediately thumbed Dean's nipples and rubbed them down, enjoying the flush effect it had on the handsome handyman. Dean was too gorgeous like this.
Gabriel turned to his team and opened his arms wide. “What are you big babies watching? There’s no porn here, go watch on your laptop.”
"You scared the hell out of me."
“Well, it’s true. For most farmer’s sons, being a firstborn is whole baggage especially if said farm is already in debt. I remember my college girlfriend leaving me for the exact same thing,”
Castiel paused for a moment. Then glanced up at his roommate.
“I can understand the tricks of the trade, and why the school gives the students the responsibility to look after themselves,” Castiel nodded thoughtfully, “It means they trust you a lot.”
“If someone’s making you wait that long, then he’s not worth the wait, right?” The man watched him with a lopsided smile and shrugged. Castiel’s suspicion didn’t abate.
“I understand vacationing is something you two have never achieved ever since…” Castiel was saying from the back of the car as they drove in the open freeway with Dean listening in the front seat. It took them a few more days to prepare and pack, not to mention for Eileen to finally make it close enough to meet them before noon.
"You're not okay with it," Castiel gritted his teeth, seeing everything in Dean's eyes.
“You know, you’re really smart and pretty too, but you’re dumb.” Saying so, she squatted beside him to pet one of the pigs, “You’re always making choices that are difficult for you, what are you a masochist?”
“Will you be okay on your own?” Castiel asked.
“A-are you…sure?” Dean leaned down a little, almost pressing back to Castiel with head on the angel’s shoulder, “J-just hugging?”
“Am I?” Castiel blinked at them.
Thank you for reading! I hoped you enjoyed it as much as I did^^
Confounded as he looked, it’s nothing to a whole new expression that cleared his face when Castiel and Jack joined them, both wearing matching suits and ties even shoes.
“But what?” Pearl pulled from the straw with a screwed expression, “The handyman practically walled you from the pizza man when you’re making that blushing face. Men tend to be overprotective and territorial over someone special to them not by words, Castiel. He’s at your house complaining about every crooks and cranny that could put you in danger, he didn’t want other guys to see you blushing—”
They responded and found a bomb squad van already waiting for them. The park was already evacuated with a group of authorities guarding the corners to warn civilians off. Castiel was in full gear the next time Dean saw him, ready for dispatch when Dean stepped in beside him.
"Dean,"
“Do you want more potatoes, Castiel?” Inias asked. Adam nudged him by the elbow with narrowed eyes.
“Are you okay? Your body temperature is rising?” Castiel stood there looking pretty, smooth skin glistening under the sun—Dean’s mouth dried.
“Cas, hold my waist.”
Two days later, Castiel was still in the library with open books with stickers and markings on different pages. He had spent the weekends researching how to make a pizza but come Monday he was still struck by the real problems. It didn’t help that the first year’s pizza activity was spreading like wildfire to other students.
"Dean, I can take care of myself." he whispered, indulging himself in those impossible green lantern eyes and perfect lips.
Deciding to leave it to the angel who probably will cradle the ghost of a baby to sleep before exorcising it, Dean’s attention got glued to the postings on the bulletin board with photos of
Dean's expression hardened.
“What’s the commotion there?” Balthazar said and the two of them stared at Dean’s group. Castiel smiled slowly. He watched as Dean spun a flat dough on his finger, mimicking what Castiel had just taught him—the Neapolitan pizza artisan technique.
Castiel crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes at the wide landscape of nothing but white mountains and farms on the horizon. Unlike in the city, there was nothing in the sky that could shelter him from the smoldering heat. No buildings nor skyscrapers or overpasses and trains. Just him and the big blue upper roof—and a cow munching on dry grass on the side. If Castiel wasn’t here for his studies, he might as well be on a trip. But he wasn’t. It's been two days when he left home after graduation and transferred to the countryside. His application got accepted in the College of Agriculture and Life Science (CALS) in Kansas and he wasted no time coming. After settling down in his assigned dormitory room and meeting his two new roommates that night, Castiel woke up early to find that routine. He typically wakes up around seven so it's a start. It was his first day and he wanted to get accustomed to his new environment. At first there was the pathway, then the garden. Then forest? He walked and kept walking. An hour and a half later, after getting engrossed by the scene while thinking of his future, he realized he walked good miles away from the school gate (was there a huge forest between the buildings and the school gate?)
“Oh, thank god it didn’t have pineapple.”
“The European scam. An underground network that operated itself by running ads on the world wide web, giving access to potential victims and blinding them of vast richness, yes. I have the misfortune to admit, my sister fell victim to one.” He sat back behind his table and if Dean didn’t know any better, he thought the doctor sighed in relief after putting a safe distance between them. Was Dean really that unfitting for him? The last Dean checked the mirror, he was almost back to normal except for his ass. Still flat as a French baguette. He settled back in his chair.
“I’ve had worse in hell saving your ass.”
But Castiel’s heart was still racing. He had never felt anything so... invigorating to the point of wanting to do it again. But at the same time, Dean's worried expression had him landing back on the scene. He knew exactly how that felt, to be worried for your special person. The night when the truck hit the concrete wall during their night patrol and Dean hurtling on the ground was still fresh on his mind. So when Dean came back, Castiel touched his hand and squeezed it tight.
When was the last time you let your hair down just to relax?”
“My dream?” Dean blinked. Then he smiled, even in the darkness, Castiel knew it was brilliant, “I want to work with horses. As in work with them like in racing and breeding. I think that’s my dream.”
“Finished debriefing him, sir?” he asked Gabriel who sighed.
“Yeah, we can manage,” Dean grinned, “we are on a farm, anyway. It’s impossible for us to starve here.”
Dean was kneeling in front of the door, returning the chains of the new knob Castiel found himself agreeing without trouble, “I’ll try to cover it early so I can drop by— “’
Castiel clung to Dean and buried his face deeper on his chest. How did he get so lucky to have such a caring and handsome boyfriend?
“I think we’re all like that in this respect,” Adam said with another sigh, “All because someone is being too honest with us.”
“More like you found yourself someone to annoy.”
A large shadow emerged from the trees bearing beastly red eyes. Castiel swallowed hard. Was this really happening? To him of all people…? But what was he to expect when he was out here on dangerous grounds? He knew better than to freak out but also knew pretending to be dead never worked on bears. He was gonna die. This was not part of that routine he was looking for.
It took about thirty minutes before the cages were closed and all chickens were in. Castiel could feel cold sweat sticking on his back as he and Inias met up with the sophomores who were grateful for their help.
“I—” Castiel began, completely struck by the sudden warning, especially when Dean turned towards him with a deep stare that could light fire. It just occurred to the two of them how they were sitting in one couch, a space between them with their pinkies almost touching. It was wild how a heart could accelerate so fast adrenaline had no match for it. And Dean knew how to stare, knew how to work his pretty green eyes over Castiel’s face from his eyes, to the tip of his nose, then his lips. Dean swiped the tip of his tongue over his bottom lip. It was swift and gone in the blink of an eye but its effect was instantaneous, Castiel wanted to melt on the spot. That’s how thankful he was when the doorbell rang signaling the arrival of their order.
The way Dean squeezed his hand back was a call back and an answer that Castiel was willing to take.
“He’s my buddy from now on. Don’t we look compatible?”
“Of course, that’s why you didn’t need to worry about starving when you’re with me in the future,”
“Hold your ponies, Dean,” Castiel said, coming out of the room wearing his pink Hawaiian shirt. Dean beamed. Who cares about horses reduced to rainbow ponies—?
“Let’s not insult each other, April, I mean we’re not each other’s types—”
Dean gave him a towel after they cleaned the area, “Maybe because our class has a lot of students who will succeed in their family business.”
“There’s milk and sugar cubes if you like…”
“Dean, are you alright? Did it hurt?”
Castiel found himself bursting into the dungeon room to find it empty. Gritting his teeth, he was about to shut the door close when his senses alerted him to a muffled sound.
“Why? Are you expecting more?”
Castiel listened well. He just hoped this doesn’t mean expulsion from the dorm or the school entirely. He didn’t want things to be that complicated. Come to think of it, why was he feeling regret about the idea of leaving the school? And why was he feeling even more complicated because he didn’t want to give up on Dean? Just what are these emotions he was feeling?
“Beach?” surprisingly Sam sounded interested when Dean mentioned it once back in the Bunker. Dean tried not to sound too eager, but the excitement in his voice betrayed him.
Castiel stopped typing to listen. “You guys are also plumber according to your ad. Do you mean to tell me your men are selective to which area they fix?”
“You’re impossible. Anyway, have you seen the schedule we have for this semester? Who’s got time to fling around with that?”
“Cas, enough, I can’t…” Dean said weakly and gasped when Castiel groped his cock.
Around this hub, bushes wiggled. Tail flicked as it sprang up a wall. A pair of piercing, round, yellow eyes ominously blinked in the shadows, sharp ears perking at the rustle of the curtain by a dimly lit window.
Dean was dejected, but he wasn’t one to raise the white flag. Apparently, crushing on some cold doctor was giving him great excitement daily and it became his anchor. Something to look forward to in his days of isolation in the mansion. He may be far away from many people, but in here with the doctor, he never felt alone.
As what Mrs. Butters told him previously, the interdimensional geoscope can see between worlds, in the same spot where it is set and he’s seen hundreds of places from other universes from NASA, to a private showroom, a school’s science lab, even in a teenage boy’s room, even a strange warehouse with lots of junks. The universes are back, Chuck has been undone and he was now—well—just him. He returned everything to the way they were supposed to be, even checked the other Winchester, with their blue car, were back in that other universe.
Castiel was forever besotted with his charge.
Mouth falling open, Castiel watched Dean walk pass him. Took a second for the meaning to sink in.
“Why did you take Baby for a ride?” Castiel asked quietly even though he knew the answer. From his position with his head buried on Dean’s chest, he could hear Dean’s heartbeat. The fresh air mixed with Dean’s scent was also soothing in his lungs.
“Dean.”
“What we do,” Dean said and with that, he jumped out of their hiding spot with Castiel right behind him. He watched Dean head straight to the guy and collided with his middle. By that time, Castiel was sure it was a thief, judging by the mask the guy wore. There were grunts and growls as Dean elbowed the man and threw him an uppercut. Meanwhile, Castiel just wanted to make sure Dean would come out unscathed. Dean was giving the guy a brawl.
“I could still pay you for that if you only name your price.”
“How could I be angry with an idiot like you who jumps at a moving truck to tackle a thief who could’ve been carrying a weapon, and then gets told the truth to the school wall and falls down from its back? Someone like you with the devil’s luck, I wouldn’t waste my time.”
“Yeah, your house. C’mon, let’s drive there. Nothing can be done here anyway, you assholes!" They made a short trip back, Dean apologized profusely the moment they parked their car, but Castiel waved him away. "I didn't want to occupy your rest time again, you looked tired last night."
Dean swallowed hard but his eyes were on their clasped hands. Castiel didn’t let go. “It’s funny how the Bunker is both our heaven and hell, Dean. But remember, this is also where we had those happy memories. We cannot forsake it because of the darkness alongside it, right? We never let the dark side win so… we just gotta bear with it. Unless you want to go until this is fixed? We can always go somewhere and stay at some motel. I still love you no matter what.”
That ever dominant eyebrow threatened the sky.
“Dean, we need to get you in the bunker.”
“Dean?”
“Oh, he heard me and April talking in the pig pen about how I’m going to take responsibility for seeing the pigs get through the end. April accidentally slipped and hit her head. She complained about a ‘bump’ so I think that’s where Gavin heard the bits.”
“It was just a misunderstanding. And she gave me milkshakes.”
“Hard to miss them. Hang on—” Dean reached over Cas’ cheek and slowly pulled a string of fur. Castiel had frozen when Dean drew close that he forgot to breathe until Dean was smiling back at him mischievously like he caught him again or something.
“I do... I guess there must be some driving force that drives him to return back to my house but—”
“Hey, look. The other piglets have finished, there are better spots now. Move it, lil pig.” There was a short pause where the class just watched the piglet continue feeding on the same spot.
But really, just listening to the doctor’s voice was a plus.
“Fuck me again, Cas… come on…"
Dean nodded.
“Oh, no. You did buy that too, Cassie plus the work you both put in it. Look at your hands, you got a lot of bandaging to do so I’d really prefer if you let me buy it. That’s how it’s going to be with the others as well, after all.”
“No.”
Dean held his breath. “You trust me? I mean, I don’t even have the right appointments and—I crashed in your car. You really believe me?”
He closed the doorknob and missed the meaningful look Nora threw in his direction. “Is there anything else you wish for me to do before my shift is over?”
“Malakai’s here, chief.  Looking for your hot ass.”
“Ho… shopping and buying for your wife, that’s my Sammy you’re the man I raised you to be.” Dean was all wink and grin before turning to the second troupe.
“Get me the hell out of here. I need to find that bastard.”
Castiel's mouth dropped open.
Castiel was shocked.
“You jumped to conclusion too, you didn’t tell me anything when I got in the room.”
“Cas?”
“You plan doin this till day break? Come on, Cas.” It was difficult to keep things light when his cock hardens, and the way Cas was obviously teasing him, just watching his expression, absorbed with what he was doing and sneaking glances up at Dean.
Castiel frowned. Dean licked on his lips and grinned wide.
Castiel showed her the Mark. “It is the end for me.”
Minutes later the pizzaman is escorted by the police to the police car.  Castiel stood by the doorway with Dean's leather jacket around his shoulder after talking with the police.  He and Dean spent half an hour giving the side of their stories and were invited to the station tomorrow morning to file a police report. The officers Miller and Hanscum it wasn't rare for people living on their own to be attacked by stalkers.  Castiel mentioned his connection to the man and was labeled as such.  It was a stressful moment to realize he had one enter his house once or twice for delivering pizza, the idea shook him and was glad he wasn't around when it happened.
The next day, Sam gave him contact information indicated on the doctor’s previous affiliated hospital but no one answered Dean. After the incident in the post office, Crowley had relented and gave him a week’s day off with salary as mental health issues were covered for that. Dean used the time to know the whereabouts of the well-known doctor only to end up with answering machines or more dead phone lines.
It’s crazy unfair.
“You bet,” Adam swallowed hard.
“Why are you so wrought about choices, Castiel? Why are you always ready to let him go when all you needed to do is stay with him?”
“Your brother sounds very nice, Dean.”
The hunter would have ignored it but the sudden strange behavior of not only one but a number of people passing by his umbrella bothered him as he watched them from the corners of his eyes. He thought they were only glancing at him. Then he realized people would stop to stare longer than necessary.
The doctor leaned closer. Dean waited like some teenage girl for his first kiss, his heart miles away in the sky.
“This is an impressive pile, “Charlie said with hands on her hips, “The Field Crops department will get rid of this later to use as fertilizer on open areas and pasture fields. It’s just impressive.”
“I love you too, dumbass.”
“S’kay, I napped during morning class.”
“Meaning me?”
“What?” Dean called from deep the far end of the stall. He was busy enough and Castiel considered. If it was a tower, he was sure he’d notice it after a mile’s walk. He wasn’t really bothered by his parents, but he’d rest well tonight knowing he had sent them the message he had been postponing since yesterday.
“That’s it, baby, lose it all on my hand, I got you,” Dean bit his earlobe and licked inside his ear. Castiel groaned aloud and came spilling into the hunter’s hand.
Castiel glanced at Gavin quietly. He had come this far taking care of the pigs, especially Ham. Of course, he would see it to the very end.
A large honk blasted behind them. Castiel jumped and bumped closer to Dean.
“I can’t tell you that,”
is why we are both here.”
“Mmm, well, yes.”
Castiel sighed and knew he could leave it here. He could let it happen if it meant Dean’s survival and a chance to
“Alright, everybody. The oven has been going on for two hours and has reached a very high temperature. The engineering department helped us fix it while also providing the special tools needed. The Forestry Department helped us to acquire firewood. Next, the Agricultural Sciences Department helped with the flour that was milled by the Food processing department. The Food processing department also got us our ham while the Agricultural Crops department delivered the vegetable for toppings. Our cheese was acquired with the help of um… Anna from the Dairy Science department too. So now, we put them in the oven that has reached at least 500-degree Fahrenheit and bake for approximately ten minutes.”
“Found it. Removed it. Done. Gotta make sure your garbage collector dumps it in the graveyard with a vigil. Left the door open to get the air in, just let me finish screwing this bad boy in—”
“What?! Well, yeah—but we don’t have anything—” Dean gasped in pleasure when Castiel pressed his thumb at Dean’s entrance and rubbed it there thoroughly so that by the time he was finished, Dean’s knees had buckled. “What… what—?” Dean was drooling at the sensation running over his body. Castiel didn’t have the leisure to answer him though. He had reached his limits and when he played with Dean’s hole like that it ticked something primitive in him that sent his cock twice as big than the last he saw it.
“I’m sorry?” Castiel tilted his head to one side. Dean was pressing a giveaway smile that told Castiel, his sneaky looks didn’t get unnoticed. His face turned hot, but the handyman changed the subject, and Castiel didn’t know if he was trying to make this less awkward, or he’s uninterested completely. Shaking his head, he turned his attention to the man’s words.
It was almost the end of Summer having spent the entirety of it preparing for battling god, now that they’ve finally gained their freedom, here’s one reminder teasing him about
Dean nodded. “Full tactical and dynamic entry. Let’s end it here.”
“Why should I tell you? Stop being nosy!” Dean jumped to his feet, a feat that had him falling forward momentarily dizzy. Crowley didn’t even flinch but the way he pierced Dean with dark eyes made Dean stood up straight.
“As long as you promise
“You should learn to keep things private, Gavin, or all the girls will hate you.” Anna narrowed her eyes at him.
“Alright, then. See you around, Cassie!”
"I'm sorry I'm late," Officer Castiel Novak said quietly as he made himself known. There was a glint in his blue eyes that Dean couldn’t mistake as anything but jealousy. This made him chuckle as Castiel stood beside him, making a point to stand between Dean and the Abaddon. Dean who was looking at Abaddon's surprised face at the new arrival.
“You healed me just fine,” Dean said to assure him, still not forgetting it was the best sex of his life. And there’s more.
“Want me to carry you?” Dean asked teasingly to which Castiel blushed.
Castiel wanted to wrap his arms around Dean again but realized he couldn’t with Dean trapping his wrists in a single hand above him, long leg threading between his thighs to push up his crack.
“Dean, I—I saved Jack.” He said trying to even out his voice and not get hooked on the emotion playing in Dean’s face, “I told you before, I believe in him and would put my life on the line as I would for you. I just know he is the answer to all of this—and I still do. I know he’s still out there biding his time—”
Dean lost Cas in his sleep but just when he was sinking to his dream, he felt something heavy gently drop on his side. There’s a shuffle, and then warm hands rubbing on his back—his back burned at the touch and his brain registered the burn—yet the scorching feeling disappeared as it all cooled down miraculously—angelically— with gentle hands, not an expert but careful in its administration. Light and firm touch knowing exactly where to press… a touch that promises it would take care of him no matter…so caring and loving…
“You think I am?”
Castiel closed his lips. Dean sounded angry now and his eyes spoke the meaning of wanting him to stay. "I thought you were angry with me, I didn't want to be the source of your pain.
“I’d really want to, but you should eat. I’m not here to eat everything you have. Well, maybe I am, but it’s too early in the day—”
“Why aren’t you watching it?” one asked.
"I said no. Maybe in the Bunker when we got back-"
"I offer you my bed again."
Silence. Dean locked gazes with the doctor who looked so solemn unlike the many therapist who insisted they were right. With a sigh, Dean kept his eyes locked with the doctor.
Castiel blinked back tears.
“Well, no. I was just thinking of the possibility. If I were to go home and pursue my studies there. I think I’d be lonely without you.”
“Well, being human isn’t new to him, but it’s not the dangers he could cause himself, but other people. But you don’t have to worry about Jack and myself. I can take care of everything. You go and relax, Dean. You deserve this.”
"Well, hate to ask this, but uh... Are we a couple now, Cas?"
“Cats don’t shed furballs,” Castiel slid off the tie and threw it in the trunk too. They stared at each other one with pressed lips, patience thinning, the other pure petulance, and unyielding. Dean raised an eyebrow.
“Dean—no.” voice deep and full of warning only to get his hair yanked backward. The demon licked his exposed neck, breathing warmly on his skin, his touches still familiar to the angel.
“That's why we're keeping him here for now until the feds come and you will receive lookouts into the house, Winchester. He's not talking anymore, but with his action, we cannot let him off the hook. We'll identify if his writing is the same, and then find what we can to make him confess. But at least we're one suspicious man down. Next, we're still on Roman’s heels and aimed to have team look outs for Abaddon as well.”
Castiel snapped his eyes up to the corner of the room and felt a surging heat on his mark. He gasped when the dark corner began to form into a slender silhouette of a woman, a familiar lady in lively night maroon dress. Castiel couldn’t find words to say.
“Don’t do that. I want to see you.” Castiel reached one hand to pull Dean’s hand away. Dean left them on the side of his head, his eyes closed, a smile playing on his lips as he felt it. He moaned when Castiel finally lifted his hand away from his hardened cock. He looked down to see Castiel with blue eyes on him, hungrily. It was obvious he was as hard as Dean but he didn’t make a move to remove his pants yet.
“You haven’t told your parents?” Dean said looking a little shocked, “Wow, Cas, that’s… you know we have a landline so you can use that too. But if you must use your phone, there’s a signal up ahead by the old farmer's tower. We can go there later after we take care of the horses.”
“I’m surprised you could think the way you are now. I don’t really care what people say. I don’t claim to be an angel. My reputation has precedes me before you came along. I don’t work for free and as merit stands, you can’t reach me.” The doctor glanced his way. It was only for a second, but the flicker behind the blue eyes was cold. It was as if cold water was washed upon Dean as he gazed back at those merciless eyes.
A loud clatter had the two looking up to find Gavin blinking at them looking shell-shock. Castiel and Dean stared at him quietly.
“We have to hide in the closet, Dean, let’s go!”
“Yeah,” Dean chuckled but expelling breath had him swallowing hard.
“Good.” Castiel growled and if Dean didn’t jiz his pants would be a miracle. Castiel finally pushed himself from the doorway towards him. Dean’s stomach fluttered and it didn’t matter they were in the office. It was his break, dammit. He hoped Cas would touch him right there, he never had a heart to not to think of perverted stuff when in close room with the Castiel Novak.
Dean remembered being confused. Every time he talked to Castiel felt like there was a wall between them. Castiel didn’t want him too close and did say that to Dean’s face. Dean was a professional, he also liked to have his team in a tight ship and Castiel’s refusal to be ‘social’ ticked him the most. He wasn’t asking for a total badass to get along, but he hoped Castiel would stop giving him those daggers looks like Dean did him wrong by just existing.
Castiel's laughter could be heard in the hallway. In no time, the couple had found themselves locked in Dean's room. Castiel complimented Dean's neat room before placing himself at the edge of the bed where Dean stared at him, ready to pounce. Castiel smiled and tapped the space beside him, beckoning Dean to come closer.
Dean blinked. “Of course, you are. You’re helping me out. You’re even letting me stay here in your house even when I’m a pain in the ass. You reached back to me, Cas. You’re not as heartless as you think.”
“Me?”
“Okay,” he muttered more to himself and pulled his back into a backbend—he knew Dean was watching him—
Castiel growled and hastened to wrap a hand at the back of Dean’s neck and pulled him in a satisfying kiss that turned all Dean’s bones into goo. They had made out in this same room many times, but it’s the only time Dean thought he’d never come out alive. The way Cas kissed him, sending tingling all over his body with one of Cas’ fingers digging at the scalp of his hair. He pulled just enough to breathe before Castiel cupped his face and draw him back for another lip lock that Dean really enjoyed. Kissing Cas was second nature to him, their tongues meeting and sliding, sucking and playing in each other’s warmth as Dean grinded his ass on Cas’ lap. Castiel wasn’t made of steel, but his legs felt like one and his body was responding to their noisy beginning the way he was as hard as Dean.
And that’s what scares me.”
“You are from the Novak family, right?”
"Did he describe the guy who hired him for the job?” Cas wanted to know.
“No,” Castiel said with a voice that didn’t belong to him. “I… I’ll buy him.”
It was hot and flames. The sounds of them breathe catching, filling their ears, the sheets rustling against their skin—their beating hearts.
But then, Dean would be so disappointed. Castiel watched Ham come out of its little house to stare at him. There was a short staring contest until Castiel remembered. He also needed ham for the pizza. This Ham looked so cute.
Before Dean could speak, he heard Cas behind him.
“Gavin, if you’re a herald of anything other than that, you have to be more discreet. Just so you know, if the school finds out about it, it’ll also be your fault.”
"What?"
In which Castiel gets his hands dirty
Castiel gasped. “We’re going to have that dungeon?”
Castiel blinked at the sudden drop of the topic, it actually made him stare.
“That’s impossible. You are one of this school’s finest students. It’d be a waste to lose you. Just focus on being happy. I mean, you’re practically in love with him at first sight is all I’m saying,” Inias said when they stepped inside the pen.
“I’m sure Mrs. Butters is still around, I’m sure she can help me fix this…I— I want to fix this.”
“Never mind that but we’re pretty sure he’s after the effects.” Dean piped up, “Mind telling us the circumstances of when you found the note?”
“Anyway, I was kinda thinking to come back tomorrow—”
“I really do have a taste, Dean. I knew you would look good in this dress. If possible, I’d like to see you in less later.”
Dean looked pensive for a while. “Is that what you really want?”
“He is not an asshole. Dean is the best man in the world.”
Castiel joined no more than eighty freshmen students in the hall for the orientation after breakfast. CALS is a co-ed school. Unlike other schools, however, there were more males than females considering the manpower needed for farming, maybe. He wasn’t aware of the statistics.
“I’m sure we can finish our business quickly. He is efficient in his job.” He wondered why Nora’s face suddenly turned a deep shade of red with a press of lips tight as if forcing herself not to smile.
“So, you will be here tomorrow, um, what time?”
“Could you help us out? Some of the chickens got loose from the coop? It’s almost nightfall, see, and we’re going to lose them if we don’t catch them now—can you help us catch them?”
Their eyes both rolled, including Sam’s and everything is in order in the Bunker. Jack
“Dean…”
“You’re really something, Cas!”
“said the cold voice that belonged to a stranger.
“What?”
“You have no delicacy in the evening.”
“J- just kilos,” Castiel bit his lower lip. His heart was thumping in excitement. “With that secured, I think I need to know where we can get cheese—” he turned to Anna expectantly who blinked back at him and gave him a thumbs up. She was, after all, the one who said she wanted to open a cheese shop. Her beaming face said it all.
He left the house defeated with a careful glare to his nemesis. Three cats were on the fence, two were by the porch of his neighbor. He gave them a critical glare. They glared back. It’s either pest control or house broker. He opted for the latter.
“I was careful, we had bomb sniffer.”
“You gotta stop damaging your body, it’s permanent now you know. Until we find away.” Dean said with a solemn look at him.
“Unless you own a dog—"
“Hey, Cassie!”
They walked side by side like fitting a picture together. He hadn’t properly spoken with Dean in the entire week even when they have the same practicum. But every time they walked past each other or caught each other’s eyes, there’s this warmth in his chest and flutters in his stomach that couldn’t be mistaken for anything more than attraction. If only he and Dean could hang out for leisure without tilting tools or chirping chicks, that would be a blessing.
“You just caught me having coffee but no thanks to you, it’s cold.” His gaze fell on the mug beside the laptop. A sweatdrop slid down his chin.
Dean stood beside him with crossed arms. “Mmm. Feel like you can relate to the lil guy?”
“Oh, that’s good. Do you mind if we hang out after the fare? I’m sure you guys will be given time to rest after this event, so how about it? I just wanna be friends.”
“But what are you going to do with 51 kilos of that?” Gavin wanted to know, “Haven’t you decided yet? Either way, you’re going to eat it, right?”
Dean doesn’t bother telling Cas about aftercare, Castiel is on him cleaning him in seconds with his grace.
The demon shrugged. “I am everywhere, and so are you. Never really planning to give up the chase, are you?”
Their expressions get lost in the fireworks that hit the night sky, exactly as Cas came hard inside Dean.
“You know someone’s been trying to break in! I
“I was kinda an asshole to you on the phone, that wasn’t very professional.”
“Yeah, Cas?” his voice is deep, his heart on his throat.
“Well, weeks of evading you, I started to get the message. But what, did you come here looking for a fight with your half-assed spit of a grace you have, angel?”
“I like it sweet. My brother Sammy said I got a bad case of sweet tooth.” Castiel smiled and nodded.
“He’s really excited…” Jack commented while Sam sighed beside him.
Dean jumped.
"Yeah. She filed restraining order on both brothers and Dick was quite the stalker and the first to move. Dick wouldn’t say anything from the federal prison, but he did admit his brother was the lunatic one.”
"You're wearing my shirt… that's such a turn-on."
Dean grinned.
“Well,” Dean stood there looking struck and Castiel didn’t bother telling him to stop being so nervous all the time when they talk about ‘Dean’. The man was so unused to caring about himself but Castiel never shut up about it. Dean knew that. The angel knew that. Castiel knew Dean had accepted their profound bond that way too. So, he just watched Dean, the way he would often watch him in his sleep, but this time he was allowed to watch him closely even in the hunter’s waking hours. Dean could be so magical sometimes, the angel thought, the way he could just let the restrictions disappear by letting the angel have what he wanted. Dean is so kind that way.
That somehow this Dean was not in the same space as him? His figure was off like a vignetted image. As a form of memory—a ghost of something yet looked so real. Castiel’s hand trembled as Dean bent over to hack his throat out, exerting his body in obvious pain as his eyes bulged out, face turned purple, the angel almost cried out his name when Dean managed to swallow whatever it was that was plugging his system and coughing hard. Castiel pursed his lips when Dean straightened, his green eyes swimming in tears. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and got water from the sink where he stayed for a while before picking up the sandwich.
“That’s right. This is how I want to see you the most. Not wrapped in any bomb, but only me,” Castiel ran his mouth on Dean’s neck and started leaving marks there too. “You’re not allowed to be harmed ever again, you hear me, Dean?” He rubbed Dean’s balls, making Dean’s reply a sweet moan. Smiling in satisfaction, Castiel proceeded to undress the beautiful Dean Winchester, who was so submissive as he let Castiel open his legs and prop them up his shoulder. Castiel needed no stimulation, he was hard since finishing the paperwork for the case and only wanted one thing and that was to be buried deeply into Dean. That one he never missed and with the way Dean cried the entire night, he knew they were both on the same page of living their life, a little scared yes, but as long as they were together both felt it was more than enough.
"What-" Dean began, but Castiel didn't let him finish. He captured Dean's lips, hungry and passionate kiss, pressing forward and tasting the lips he's been craving to have. Dean was unresponsive for a few seconds, but he was kissing back next. He wrapped his large hands behind Castiel's head to deepen it, lips locking, open-mouthed and noisy as they nibble and suck each other’s lips. When they pulled back and Castiel saw the glaze in Dean's eyes, the intention to continue, the truth, Dean didn't question it and was instead asking for more, he dived right back and kissed Dean again.
“Are you and him close?” Dean asked as they left their cleaned tray in the wash area and walked together for their next period.
"Really? That's good. I thought I bothered you with my movements inside.”
Castiel woke up to the sound of shrieking predators banging and crashing on his rooftop at 2:00 AM when everything in the world promised peace. The racket of bombs getting off above his head with an ear-splitting sound of cat atrocities at the wee hours of the morning. He groaned and covered his eyes with the back of his arm. He could not understand why he had to endure this every morning, nor was he capable of comprehending how these predators were considered domestics They bite, they scratch, they make these weird noises from their throat when provoked, and they absolutely hate him as far as he was concerned. He wondered if this was Mrs. Butters letting out her wrath after he declined her offer of tea when he moved there. Now her cats were up there to maul his rooftop.
“Well, he knows you already.”
“Doctor Cas?”
“It will.” Amara nodded without a hitch, “And once he gets out from that trap, he’ll be more of a douchebag than last time and end all worlds once and for all. But I thought you’re more of a ‘Dean Winchester first, the rest second’ type of guy?”
“I’m waiting for someone,” Dean told him long ago it was the best answer if he didn’t want to be bothered and it had worked wonders. Thinking of it only made his longing worse. He wanted to see Dean, hear his stupid jokes that Sam rolled his eyes at, or even his friend dragging him from one local bar to the other. Castiel blinked and clutched his heart like something is squeezing it. He just had to admit for the hundredth time how he missed Dean.
Dean being happy was everything Castiel will ever be.
“It’s a runner!” Castiel didn’t have to say it, Dean saw the guy disappear among the large tank storage houses. Making beeline after him was Castiel Novak. “Dean! Cover the other side and be careful! He’s armed!”
“Yeah, he won’t mind. He’s planning a career in the city so I wouldn’t be surprised if he doesn’t come back for a while. But if you still feel uncomfortable, you can always bunk with me, you know? Like in the dormitory?”
“Then why am I here?”
Castiel blinked. “You’re not angry that I put you in danger—”
The line disconnects followed by three gunshots in the air. Dean gave the phone back to Gadreel, eyed the window and then to his men.
“Do not take me for a fool. You will never hand Dean back to me, not without a price and even if you planned to, if the deal included, I let you touch me, Dean would never forgive himself... But why should I hurt him when I have my grace which means you should be running. I can easily throw you back in hell.”
“Tiny explosion?”
Castiel was back to work the next morning and was in a very amicable mood for the entire week. This was pointed out to him by his coworkers and almost immediately asked
“Don’t smile at me, you’re having fun at me fumbling,” Dean growled as he nipped at Castiel’s lips and tugged on the angel’s neck tie again, “Do you even know how to do it with me?”
Dean flushed. The conversation in the car went tumbling back in the memories that had him pulling his gaze down. He was sure he saw Dr. Novak smiled wickedly again and felt more embarrassed because... what was his deal saying all those kinds of stuff—initiating those stuff? So he claimed to be desperate, but this was so isolated he would never say it to any other soul. He could even hear Sam’s voice chastising him for saying stupid things because yeah—
“29 last January.”
"It's part of the ritual, I planted in his motel from the beginning," Castiel said drily. "I knew you were coming for me... this is all a scheme, Dean. Just to get you back. And yes, even the bed sex... it had to be done, I'm sorry."
“I want you.” Dean breathed, knees opening wider. Castiel smiled down at him as he adjusted where Dean closed his eyes at the feel of plump cock by his hole. Castiel leaned down to press their lips together, groans mixing when he sinks into Dean. The stretch was unimaginably brutal considering Dean had always taken Cas, he seemed to be getting bigger and bigger every single time. Castiel groaned and closed the space between their mouths as he pulled and put home back. Dean wrapped his arms around his hot lover and with a helpless sound, he groaned when Castiel move again, drawing back and rocking himself into Dean so hard that raw sensation exploded up Dean’s spine. His cries get muffled against Castiel’s lips and tightened his fingers on Castiel’s shoulder. The groan that came from Cas was enough to drive for Dean to move his hips into the rhythm. The bed shook under them, Castiel pounding into him, the springs of the bed screeching every moment he hit home. Dean could only go so far as to pull Castiel closer, mouth on Cas’ lips, on his cheeks, completely taken by their shared connection. It felt good to be filled to the point of ache, the feel of friction burning hot inside him as Castiel continued to fill him with his cock.
And then he disappeared.
He came out of the dorm in full gear, work uniform, gloves and boots and met up with Inias, Anna, Gavin and, to Castiel’s delight—Dean. He gave Cas a smile from where he stood and Castiel’s face warmed up. It was one of the things he did look forward from his oasis, a connection that has him naturally attracted to the guy he just met yesterday.
“Are you kidding? Those piglets will get really big and fat before you know it.” Gavin said knowingly as the boys stayed back. Dean carried one swiftly and showed Gavin a piglet up close. It oinked its way to his heart and Castiel was sure Gavin’s just melted. Dean handed him the pig next and Castiel couldn’t believe how soft and small its stomach was.
Castiel raised his hand. “Isn’t there anything we can do for it? It can’t stay there, can it?”
“I’ve seen it in person before.”
A twig snapped behind him. Castiel turned so fast he almost broke his hips—to find Dean Winchester staring at him while huffing on the spot.
“There’s something more.”
Castiel could hear his heart still pounding in his ears, heart racing like he ran a marathon with lips still burning from the kiss. It didn’t make any sense, not even when he was driving away from the bar not knowing where to start. Dean kissing him… was that another trick? Was it a deal? But there was nothing… so was it intentional or the demon playing with his feelings? Because Castiel knew the moment he kissed Dean back that time, the demon probably got what it wanted. His weakness.
“You’re seriously the most badass, considerate—loving angel, Cas and I’m fucking you in the future, you can count on that. Who’d say no to this rip vessel?” Dean growled and Castiel loved it when the hunter’s hand was back in the game and were both panting after a minute.
Dean felt the sun burning his bare shoulder. He wondered if Castiel didn’t feel anything considering he was only wearing his beach shorts and nothing else to protect his body, but then that’s probably one of the perks of being an angel. Castiel who was beside him under the same shade of the colorful large umbrella with a deadpan on his face.
Dean’s eyes bulged as he whined in shock and let out a shaky breath. He bucked up against the touch as orgasm hits him, exploding his release everywhere on the bed with his body trembling as the doctor stroked him to it but he didn’t remember the rest as darkness consumed him. All he remembered was a deep voice whispering in his ear.
Dean ogled at Sam on the monitor blankly. It was a slow process with a ping-like whistle on his ear. He caught his brother’s last statements before sighing, “God, you’re annoying than usual, stop nagging me.” He snapped. Why did Sam call anyway? It was Sunday, Dean had plans too. He was on the verge of both crying out loud and throwing the laptop. His blood was boiling and all he wanted to do was stop—just stop thinking when Sam’s gentle voice called him back.
“We’re gonna have to cut the larger parts into smaller ones so we could mix it well with salt and spices. It’ll take a while with just the two of you, but I’m sure we can be smoking them before lunch.”
“Cas, don’t make me rip that from your body— you’ve been wearing that since you blew the roof of that barn house. Just take it off and leave it in the trunk, Sam’s already in the souvenir shop buying the Hawaiian shirts, don’t be a baby.”
“Alright, mounting screws will work if we hit any jackpot…wires…” he ambled in the corridor, Castiel right behind him, “We should be fine with this kind of wood, okay… gonna go five screws.”
“My father’s an accountant, nothing special about it. All he cares about is high grades. He doesn’t really care about me. It’s the reason I don’t want to go back and rather stay here, even during summer break,” Castiel eased himself to Baby while Dean took another horse. “Any place far from there.”
“The front door’s clear, but your back door…”
“A world without the Winchesters for a day… it sounds playtime to all evildoers,”
“I’m glad we did it many times during the break because I feel lonely now. Cas, I think it’s impossible
“Angel, we both know you’ll never harm this body—we’re past that. This? This is a cuddle,” Dean eased his neck with a loud snap and Castiel was horrified to hear some cracking. The demonic smile on his lips split when the demon read his expression.
“That’s highly illogical.”
Dean lay down the couch without question and put
“What?” Dean blinked.
“I will never do that, Dean. You just trust me.”
“Hey, Jack! Get your jacket, we’ll hit the road in two minutes!” Dean called from the library.
“You’re the only one I allowed home.”
“Yes?”
Castiel didn't let him finish. He pulled Dean close and sealed their lips with a kiss. He didn't know how long, Dean only pulled to breathe before their lips are attacking each other again.
“Why?” Dean growled, “If you fucking say it’s because you want to protect me, Cas, I swear on my car—" Castiel was undeterred but at the same time helpless that Dean could show so much emotion for him when not long ago the man could barely bat an eyelid of him carving a sigil on his chest and acting as an angel bomb to distract the soldiers of heaven. They really have gone through a lot. But Dean’s eyes tell him more than he could say in words. His eyes always had, expressing so much like it was the end of his world if Castiel chose to leave—Castiel’s eyes glinted. He had never felt agitated, maybe he did. Dean could always pull that emotion from him.
“April, hello.”
The suburb night brought upon an eerie lonesome air. The street lamps flicker under the shade of the moonlight’s amber glow, the empty road a blank ink that stretched to the junctures surrounded by houses that were a duplicate of the other.
Castiel drank his water quietly. He was still really surprised how everyone was just really focused on one expertise, surpassing even the books he has read.  It was amazing.
Dean made a face. “Ugh, now those idiots will really have a reason to tease me for real.”
"Dean," Castiel breathed the name, "don't you... don't you remember...?"
Dean smiled, “I’m flattered. I didn’t even have to use a broth! Go have some more, Cas.”
Castiel stood up, “Hello. My name is Castiel Novak, a graduate of Preston High, Dallas. Nice to meet all of you.” He sat down quietly. As Mr. Henricksen called another student, Castiel distinctly heard his classmates muttering behind him.
“Don’t put that on me, Dean! You have a chance and that’s to not give up. You can live on without me! You can have a life! Don’t make yourself believe the same bullshit that Chuck planted on Sam! You can do better even without me!" Castiel growled icily, heart racing like he ran an angelic marathon even if there’s no one—
“What?”
“I’m sorry for leaving,” Dr. Novak said as he crouched over to Dean at the corner of the room where Dean sat with arms around his knees, “I’m here, Dean. Listen to my voice.”
“Cas! Dean!" Jack called loudly as he waved at the two, "eh? Castiel where'd you get that?"
“It’s not my fault you have your own expectations of your son, father.” Castiel said as he looked ahead to the students running around preparing their booths. Calling this a waste of time? He wondered if his father had ever dirtied his hand with real soil, “Whatever I do with my time, whether that’s a waste or something can come out of it, only I can decide that because I’m living this life. Stop making me as something like your trophy, I have grown bigger for that space in your cabinet. If you really want to call me a failure since that’s what you’re implying, you might as well let go because I don’t think highly of your opinion. I maybe your son, but we’ve never had that kind of relationship. If you feel that you still have a say in my life because you’re paying for my education, go check my bank account. I haven’t touched the allowances you’ve sent. You don’t own me, and I don’t owe you any explanation of how to live my life. So, get your head out of the gutter, father, it’s time for you to face the wayward son that didn’t follow the format of your story. And lastly, I hope you didn’t throw the meat. You can still send it back to me, but at least they have the decency to teach me how wasting food is the job of the real low lives. If that’s what you called for, I’m hanging up. I am pretty busy, you see.”
“Dean—?”
"How are you, Cas? Got your grace back?" Dean sounded concerned like he meant it. Of course, he did, but Castiel didn't think he deserved it.
Castiel kissed the back of his neck.
“I bet you do,” Dean muttered, doubling a look back at the angel who blinked back. There’s that lengthy eye searching gazes before Dean inhales and glanced up at the serviceman again.
Still, Dean couldn’t help but worry for his boyfriend. They’d been getting steady for a year.
“He really had a knack for choosing, I mean, the old caretaker doesn’t even care that there are treasures on some old boxes there. He said they were only pieces of history and if anyone wanted them—”
“I get that, Castiel, but can you believe this rumor?”
Dean looked troubled for a moment as he gazed at the clueless accountant. The suspense did nothing to appease Castiel who tilted his head and squinted.
“What you have to understand is 20% of the state population struggles with insomnia, but the number of people living with sleep anxiety or even Somniphobia is rare. It doesn’t mean there aren’t studies on the subject—the fear of sleep roots on one’s objective of fear transferred to the single idea of sleep or anything related to it.
“Hobbies die hard, huh?” Dean smiled.
“At least realtors wouldn't keep me waiting! And I've got a spacious car,” he injected dramatically.
Castiel stared at Dean’s concerned face. Never had he ever felt his heart burst from such a sight. Dean looked in pain and frustrated and Castiel thought it was seriously wrong to look hot all the same.
“Father…”
“Castiel, the guy’s been working his ass over your house for a week, hasn’t asked for payment except for pizza and cozy date-time—don’t you know how to read a move when you’
It was the same scenario—a wide open space ahead with nothing but farm land. The big wide blue space that encompasses everything in the sky. A long stretch of road before him under the burning stroke of the sun with no vehicles in sight. Except this time, Castiel wasn’t alone. Dozens of other students were marching, running, crawling on the side of the road. Their Physical Education for the week was to jog one lap every week around the campus. And when the teacher said one lap…
Dean blinked at him as if he had no idea Castiel was talking about.
Dr. Novak put his clipboard down quietly. “Coming up with a name suggests intention for some sort of intimacy.”
“I didn’t do that. If I did, you’d know.” He said in a low growl that sent hives all over his skin. Dean felt hot all over. He thought gone were the days he and Novak would chew each other out but provoked like this by his lover had the same effect. Dean had always questioned his sexuality ever since Officer Novak had walked in his life.
“Damn you, Dean Winchester!”
"Do you know what you're doing?"
“I told you I just had breakfast after a shower,” Dean let his gaze fall towards the kitchen sink where he was sure he needed to wash the dishes but found it empty. Dean froze. Had he washed them yet? He doesn’t remember. Shit, he was spacing out a lot.
They made their way to the octagon-shaped rocks for a pathway leading to the sandy beach where the waves clapped, the long leaves of the coconut trees swayed to the rushing wind that Castiel in his black pants just stood out when Dean looked back to check on his trails.
“Yes, yes, that’s beautiful…” Dean said, leaning on his elbow and still watching when Castiel made it to the bed and crawled on top of him. He couldn’t deny that he was also affected. His cock was already hard and when he straddled one of Dean’s hips, both of them sighed at the contact. Eyes locked, Dean began rubbing against his thigh for more. Face flushed, Castiel grinded down, skin to skin, stomach to stomach, full cocks side by side.
Dean clarified as he leaned on the metal ladder with all air of casualness, “I’m sorry, but I still come on a first-come-first-serve basis. You’re the only one I let to make me come—I uh—without an appointment.” It was funny how Dean pressed his lips like he was guilty of a pun Castiel didn’t quite understand.
“Really?” Castiel listened in rapt attention.
Castiel turned and saw Balthazar making his way toward their table, waving what looked like a blue bag. He stopped just by Castiel’s shoulder, beaming like he'd seen his favorite person.
He woke with lips brushing against him to open his eyes and find Castiel kissing him. Dean groaned in the kiss and bit Cas’ bottom lip, tasting coffee on his lover’s mouth and wondered what time it was. Cas pulled up short, squinting as he tried to make reading on Dean’s face.
“A little. There’s just too much to do in one day. Aside from the daily duties, practicum then a club,” Castiel sighed.
The figure had its back turn against him so Dean had to walk around him with his arms outstretched in a defensive posture. He caught a glimpse of Crowley’s dark face. There’s a grim satisfaction enveloping the King of Demons, but this wasn’t what shook Dean.
“Yes, you really deserve it,” Castiel picked up his notes to highlight some of the formulas, “You still need to memorize these to get the solution correct, it’s called self-check.”
“Just come back safely,” Dean muttered, “And next time I’ll make you pass out.” Dean said begrudgingly but stared affectionately at his doctor. “And Cas? After you return and I—well, satisfied you… what happens then?”
Castiel listened closely with his chin propped up on his hand. As expected, most of the students aim to take over their family businesses like farming and poultries. Others were still connected like Inias dreaming to be a veterinarian and Anna wanting to start a cheese factory business using her family’s dairy farm. Everybody has a dream. Castiel stared into the distance. He thought and thought and yet, nothing. He was a college student who passed any sort of entrance exams with brains like his and yet he had nothing. Wasn’t aiming to be number one in studying a good dream already?
Then we deal with it, but I don’t think you have to worry about him. I left him in the care of a trusted friend in a place I can only enter.”
“I don’t get that from watching it, Dean, I get it from imagining doing it with you.”
“I like that look in your eye.”
“Are you feeling better?” the doctor asked quietly as he drank his coffee. He was wearing a white suit contrary to the blue he wore last night. Dean couldn’t still understand how he got here from the car or why it was breakfast. His puzzlement must’ve shown on his face because the doctor nodded and indicated the food in front of him “I will tell you everything later. For now, let’s eat. Taking in proteins will help you in your recovery.”
Dean went scarlet, “I—
"Yeah,"
Castiel stared at the locked door of Gas n Sip. The lights were all off, there was no one inside. He looked around him but the station was empty, Dean left minutes ago and probably driving home…
“Uh… y’know… not to pry but… I heard you and April from Food Science… in the pigpen…”
"No. I think I'm in love with you and that's-"
Dean’s face burned. He wanted to bury himself under the rug seeing the way Dr. Novak smiled.
“Why are you guys talking like someone’s going to topple you off the sea in a speedboat?” Dean asked challengingly, “Jack’s not going to drown, he’s more sensible than this topic you’re having, right Jack? You won’t know it if you don’t try.”
“Because they can. Hypnotism is something that cannot be done without meeting the conditions which include opening the mind of the subject into suggestions. Last night, I saw that you were barely hanging onto consciousness. Your condition is extreme. I had to act quick.”
Dean tossed his shirt down the floor and crouched down on top of him, moaning as their lips meet once more. Dean slid his hands on the sheets on either side of him, pushing down his body and covering his entire form. His tongue extended from his mouth to lick the very corners of Castiel’s hot mouth. Undressing Castiel was least of the problem, Dean seemed to relish every tug and pull of fabric of his shirt and pants until Castiel was bare on the bed. The glint in Dean’s eyes told the accountant the dish was well-served.
“What?”
Something fell on the floor with a thud. Dean stopped talking. The doctor had dropped his book and was now picking it up on the floor.
The bartender gave him a calculating look while he wiped another glass. “Are you a cop?”
“Doesn’t everybody get a dose of anxiety every once in a while?” Dean challenged.
“You most certainly looked like this and I don’t blame Mr. Handyman. You—well, Castiel you know you’re very handsome. A lot from our department has a secret crush on you, but they don’t dare approach you because the word is, well, we’re all gay so. Does Dean know you’re gay? Is he gay?”
“Um… you want me to feed Baby?”
“May I speak to Ms Abaddon?”
“Jesus christ, control yourself goddamn brother of mine!” Gabriel made himself known and shoved pass Castiel with his eyes rolling. Dean stepped back grinning while Castiel’s eyes narrowed. Gabriel bristled with an unopened folder on his hand. Dean nodded but he couldn’t help glancing every now and then at the EOD expert. He was just too damn hot.
“I noticed it when I came here, remember I asked you if you ever tried unlocking the door while drunk? You said no, but there are fresh scratches on the doorknob, Cas. Fresh signs. If it’s not you, then who? Do you have drunken brothers?”
Castiel studied the demon with his mind racing. At least the mark didn’t act up like last night too, it's probably because of the
“Really?” Castiel felt he was given new hope. Dean might just really be his angel.
“Really, Castiel!”
“Will you invite us to this weekend event then?”
