Yay 2000 hits!!! Thank you everyone :D! I'm so sorry this took an entire week to update. Work has been madness and the days just rolled by! I hope this cute chapter did the waiting justice, and I'm looking forward to writing the next one! Much love <3 //NightOfFanfics
A very robotic voice was heard escaping Sherlock’s lips, without actually forming his lips to pronounce John’s name. John nodded quickly.
It had been somewhat of a struggle getting home. Sherlock’s walking function was still buffering and his speech was incoherent as well. But eventually they had gotten into a cab and soon they were heading up to the comfort of the flat.
“And curious,” Sherlock added and John huffed, looking to the side a bit.
“Where is he? Do you think he got lost? I explained the whole way here to him, and I gave him the adress, I bet all their cars have GPS in them.” John murmured to Mike, mingling a little with the few guests that had already arrived, pouring up some more crisps as Mike was lining up all the beers they had bought. John sighed. “We really shouldn't have gotten that many Mike...” John mumbled, feeling all but good about the amount of alcohol they had bought. But Mike had spurred him on before he had entered the shop, wanting John to buy as much as possible now that he was of legal age. They had a substantial amount of soda too though, so they should be fine. Mike shrugged. “Maybe he's just late John. The party has just begun anyway.” He said and smiled a little. John sighed. “Sherlock is never late. /Never/. Maybe he decided not to come...” John said and pulled up his phone to see if there were any texts. Nothing. “Maybe I should go outside and have a look you know? Maybe make sure so they're not driving up and down the road, trying to find the right house.” John said and headed for the door.
“You like him, don't you?” Molly said suddenly when she realised Sherlock wasn't paying attention. And those words made Sherlock pay attention indeed. His head quickly turned back to Molly and he swallowed hard. “What? Who?” Sherlock said, trying to play dumb. Molly sighed fondly. “John. You like him, more than a friend.” She said and Sherlock blushed, looking down at his hands. He nodded gently. Molly smiled. “It's pretty obvious you know. Perhaps not to him, or to Mike, but I see how you look at him. John deserves someone who looks at him like you do.” She smiled and nodded. Sherlock blushed deeper. “He... He really does.” He said finally, smiling shyly at her. Molly sunk back into the sofa and glanced over at John. “I've never considered him to be gay or bi or whatever he might be. But I do know that he never takes to someone as quickly as he has done to you.” Molly said encouragingly. She got quiet though when she realised John was walking over to them.
John swallowed. He hated to admit it, but Mike was right, and somehow he had managed to put it into words in a way which made John feel even more ridiculous for the way he had acted to Sherlock. If a slightly daft Mike could realise this then why couldn't he? John turned to Sherlock and cupped his cheek. “Mike is right, you know, and I understand it even better now.” John whispered, looking into his eyes. “I'm sorry.” He whispered, looking knowingly into Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock was stunned by the sudden affection, but he looked deeply into John's eyes, seeing his words were true, knowing what he was apologising for. “It's okay, it's okay my handsome John.” He whispered, making John smile. “Good, and I'm not that handsome.” John whispered and chuckled. Sherlock giggled. “Oh shut it, you are.” Sherlock giggled again and looked into John's eyes. “Well, if I'm handsome, then you are amazingly handsome, and uhm... sexy.” John said quickly and quietly, clearing his throat. Sherlock's eyes widened. /Sexy/? No one had every called him /sexy/ before. His cheeks flushed and he squeezed John's thigh that was still held firmly by his hand. “You're a mad man.” Sherlock said and shook his head. John smiled. “Perhaps, but not for thinking that my boyfriend is sexy.” John grinned and stroke Sherlock's cheek with his thumb. Both Mike and Molly was looking at them, but trying to focus on their own meals. John smiled, still looking into Sherlock's eyes. “Let's eat yeah? Don't want you going hungry to class.” John said and let go of Sherlock's cheek, returning to his food. Sherlock shivered. Well, he wouldn't go back to class hungry for food, but he would certainly go back to class hungry for something completely different.
Soon enough, the whole team arrived at the pizzeria, John having prepared the owner that they might arrive. He was on very friendly terms, so he had made sure to keep a part of the pizzeria free from people so that they could fit their large group. Sherlock felt a little uncomfortable with so much people around him, and kept a little bit too close to John. John frowned a little when he noticed that, Sherlock's elbow gently brushing against his arm. “Are you alright Sherlock?” He asked gently, just to make sure. “What? Oh. Yes. Yes I'm fine.” Sherlock stuttered quickly, looking up at John with big eyes, his curls a bit messy. John smiled. “Alright, good. You looked a bit flustered there for a second.” John said and Sherlock cursed himself for letting that shine through.
he thought to himself with a small smile.
“Yeah… You can say that. A different version…” John glanced over to the bedroom, deep in thought from what Ella had just said. He barely noticed her getting up and pulling her jacket on, only realising she was leaving as she stood up. “Are- Are we done already? It’s only been half the time,” John said, looking at his watch briefly, and Ella smiled, placing a gentle hand on John’s shoulder.
Sherlock stood by his locker, trying to sort his books out. He bit his lip, worrying it between his teeth. He looked down the hall as he heard a laugh, paranoid that they were laughing about him. He couldn't face another school with bullying. He couldn't face being transferred yet again. So far, he was doing fairly well. No one had bothered bugging him yet, but people didn't find his cleverness to be something good. He saw a few scribbles on the wall, starting to focus on them, causing him to lose grip on his books and they all tumbled to the floor making a loud noise. “Woah there, lost your grip?” John said, having just walked by when the books had tumbled to the floor. Sherlock quickly turned around, barely looking up at the other young man. “What's it to you?” He muttered. John frowned. “I... Uh, nothing, I suppose?” He said and raised an eyebrow, hunching down and leaving his ball on the floor to start picking up some of the books. “Don't touch them.” Sherlock hissed quickly. John sighed and stood back up. “Are you afraid I might learn something?” John said with a smirk. Sherlock frowned. “Highly unlikely, with your brain capacity.” Sherlock snarled a little. John stepped back, frowning once more. “Right... Cheers.” He said and turned around, leaving with a huff. Sodding idiot.
When Mycroft left through the doors, John did an inaudible grumble before looking down at Sherlock. He smiled apprehensively and bit his lip.
After the first class, which John had fallen asleep in several times, he headed towards the nurse's office, just as Sherlock had instructed. The school nurse had the day off on fridays, so he wasn't even sure why they were meeting there in the first place. He went alone, and smiled sleepily as he saw Sherlock standing by the door. “So, here I am, bruises and all.” John said and snorted softly. “You know our school nurse has fridays off, right?” John said with a soft smirk. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course I do, otherwise I wouldn't suggest us going here would I?” Sherlock said and retrieved a hair pin from the back of his unruly head of curls. He opened it up with his mouth, and began moving it around in the lock. “Keep a lookout.” He told John, who frowned skeptically. “What are you doing? You know that stuff doesn't work right? It's only in the films-” But by the time John finished that scentence, Sherlock had successfully opened the door. John's eyes widened. “Remind me to ask you to come along if I ever decide to rob something.” John said but gasped quickly as he was pulled by his hand into the office. Sherlock smirked and patted one of the chairs after closing the door behind them. “Sit down Watson, this might hurt a little.” Sherlock said and went to the cupboards, rummaging around. John flinched. “What- What do you mean hurt a little? What are you doing to do-” “Relax, John, it was a joke.” Sherlock interrupted him and rolled his eyes. “I'm just going to put some cream on it. Get the swelling down and reduce the redness.” Sherlock said and smiled as he finally found the right cream to use. John sighed. “Don't scare me like that...” He muttered, crossing his arms. Sherlock chuckled and pulled a chair close so that he was sitting comfortably right in front of John. This gave him an excellent opportunity to study John's face. Strong, yet somehow soft features, the sandy blonde hair, the little chubby but adorable nose, the eyes he could just get lost in- “Sherlock? Are you alright?” John asked with a frown. Sherlock blushed deeply, quickly shaking his head to get back to reality. He nodded. “Fine, just fine. Sorry.” He said and put some cream on his pointer finger, gently starting to smooth it over John's bruise. John hissed a little, not because of the cream but because of the touch. “Shh, it'll feel better soon, promise.” Sherlock whispered and smiled gently, completely focused at the task at hand. John smiled a little and looked at Sherlock as he worked. When Sherlock was quiet and not witty, he had a chance to really look at the young man's face. The cheekbones, the long slender nose, the beautiful eyes... John blushed. What was he thinking about? Something he really shouldn't be thinking about, that's for sure. Sherlock smiled. “You seem to be blushing Watson. Is everything alright?” Sherlock said in a soft, slightly teasing voice. John cleared his throat. “Yes, yep, I'm fine. Absolutely, fine.” John stuttered, licking his lip. Sherlock smirked crookedly. “Good... Good.” He said and moved down the cheekbone a bit with the cream. “Your cheeks seem to be red but for a whole other reason than the bruising...” Sherlock murmured shyly, his eyes flickering to John's, trying to insinuate... something. John swallowed heavily once more. “It's- It's nothing alright?” John stuttered, getting rather flustered. Sherlock moved slowly, taking his time, but John's patience was running thin. “I- I think we're done here, I think-” John stuttered, standing up quickly, making Sherlock drag a stripe of cream down his cheek. Sherlock blushed heavily. He had gone too far, said to much. He quickly grabbed a tissue. “Let me clean off your cheek-” “I said we're done here.” John said and backed away before quickly storming out of the nurse's office, continuing to half run down the hallway. Sherlock stood alone in the room now, clutching the tissue. He had taken it too far. He wasn't even one to talk like that or even... touch like that. But with John it had been so easy and- He quickly cleaned up the office to it's original state and closed the door, locking it behind him. “John!” He called, starting to rush after him.
“We were kind of… Talking?
“Hello? John?” Sherlock called gently as he entered the men's bathroom, looking around a little. “John, this isn't funny...” He muttered and just as he'd said it, John stormed through the door, taking Sherlock's hand. Sherlock gasped. “O-Oh- John-” He breathed as he was tugged into one of the booths, feeling John's lips suddenly pressed against his own. John kissed him hotly, not holding back for anything in the world. Sherlock's heart was pounding hard in his chest, afraid it would beat right out of it if he continued like this. He panted, breathing desperately through his nose as he was kissed over and over again. John pulled back after a little while, looking into Sherlock's eyes, his own dark with want, licking his red lips. Sherlock grinned, blushing. “John- What's gotten into you? I thought you said you didn't want us to do this here.” Sherlock said and gently ran his fingers over John's shirt. He felt a bit shy, having just been so flustered with himself. John blushed now as well, shrugging. “You looked so amazing in class, I just couldn't keep myself together. I-... I'm sorry, if you didn't like it...” John apologised quickly, looking down at the bathroom floor. Sherlock shook his head, quickly cupping John's face. “It was brilliant. Absolutely brilliant.” He said and locked lips with John once more, kissing him just as hard back.
John paced back and forth, nervous and eager to see Sherlock again. He couldn't help but frown though when he saw Molly by Sherlock's side. Oh. Well, this would be awkward then, he thought to himself. John smiled politely though, nodding his headwhen they came close. “Hello Molls.” He said and gave her a gentle hug. Molly was grinning, blushing, and Sherlock was afraid she would lose it completely and reveal that she knew about them. Molly giggled. “Hello John, don't worry about me, you can cuddle all you'd like.” She said and covered her mouth quickly. “Molly!” Sherlock snapped at her as he saw John's face getting pale. “John, John it's okay I promise,” Sherlock stuttered, reaching to touch John's arm gently. “I- I told you not to tell anyone-” John stuttered, looking at Sherlock with frightened and worried eyes. Sherlock tried to give John a gentle and reassuring smile. “It's just Molly, John, she's our friend. She's okay with all of this, right Molly?” Sherlock said, still furious with her but knowing she would be the only one who could really mend this situation. Molly nodded, sighing a little. “He's right John. Come on, lighten up okay? I've known Sherlock has been keen on you for much longer than you two have been together, and I'm fine with it, honestly.” She said and shrugged. “You're both so sweet to each other and I know you're worried-” “But it's not about that. I specifically told Sherlock not to-” John interrupted Molly but then stopped himself as Sherlock lowered his head. John sighed and rubbed his neck. “I just... Didn't want this.” John said and leaned against the lockers. Molly sighed and rubbed Sherlock's arm. “Well tough luck John, you have a gorgeous boyfriend now and just because you are insecure you shouldn't let him get hurt by it.” She grumbled softly. John frowned. “Who are you to tell me what to do?” John said and crossed his arms. “Just stop it both of you!” Sherlock snapped, looking up at John. “I was so excited to finally have someone to gossip with about something I was so eager about. I never thought I would ever even care about such silly things but it made me happy! And since it made me happy you should be happy for me! Come on Molly, let's go.” Sherlock said and grabbed her hand, storming off. John's jaw dropped at first, and he stood there dumbfounded. He then closed his eyes and hit his head against the locker with a groan, staying there, just sulking for a moment. He wasn't used to Sherlock leaving... Usually it was the other way around. Which... Was a horrible thought. He groaned and huffed at himself. “Sherlock wait!” He called and began rushing after Sherlock and Molly.
Hello everyone! I'm sorry this is a bit late, but I've just started a new job and it's throwing off my entire sleep schedule and I'm having a super hard time adjusting to it so I'm just so very bleh right now. This chapter is a bit shorter, but I hope you will like it either way <3 I'm thinking about posting on Sundays again which I did keep up for a while (I think), so then I have the weekend to write and hopefully that will make it easier! Anyways, I hope you are all doing well and thank you for reading as always *hugs* <3 //NightOfFanfics
A Teenlock story
“Actually Sherlock, I need to just finish up here with John and then you’ll have him all to yourself alright?” She said with a soft voice and Sherlock nodded, getting up in an instant.
“You know it’s bad luck to have umbrellas inside?” John breathed out huskily, sitting up a bit and rubbing his neck. The other man smiled.
“She’s my therapist. Ella. I talk to her so she can help make me feel better,” John explained but Sherlock’s frown remained.
“Boo!” Molly suddenly swooped up behind Sherlock, grinning from ear to ear. “So, tell me, tell me, tell me!” She pleaded excitedly, biting her lip. Sherlock was still in shock, panting hard. “You- You can't just jump at me like that you- you scared the living- uh- you scared me!” Sherlock complained but then couldn't help but smile when she realised Molly was excited for his sake. “Oh, uhm...” He said, blushing deeply. Molly giggled. “Oh look at you! Did you finally tell him?” She whispered and Sherlock giggled a little as well, nodding his head. “Yes... Or well... We both said... It was a bit of a chaotic thing... But we both know now.” Sherlock stuttered with several nods, trying to make Molly understand what had happened. “You both know /know/?” She asked, trying to make sure she understood. Sherlock grinned wider and nodded. “Mhm.” He said and Molly squealed, jumping up and down and hugging Sherlock tightly. “But- But you can't tell John that I told you- Or that you know, you know?” Sherlock rambled quickly, taking her hand. “He's really self conscious about all of this and he's just a bit nervous really.” Sherlock explained quickly. Molly nodded and sighed. “I figured he would be. But it will be okay Sherlock, I promise. He'll settle into it soon and everything will be okay.” She said and smiled kindly. Sherlock smiled as well, letting out a soft sigh of relief. “I really hope so... I want him to be just as sweet as he is at home when we're in school... I know that's too much to ask this early on but I want that as soon as John will be ready for it.” Sherlock said and nodded his head softly. Molly smiled, hooking her arm with Sherlock's and began walking with him to class. “He will Sherlock, in time, just like I said. You shouldn't worry.” She smiled. Sherlock nodded once more and smiled crookedly. “He actually stroke my back when we stood with Mike. Mike wasn't looking just then but John really did it.” Sherlock said softly but with an underlying excitement in his voice. Molly gasped. “He did!?” She exclaimed and Sherlock quickly shushed her, placing a finger over his mouth. “You don't have to tell the whole bloody school! But yes, yes he did. And it was amazing...” Sherlock whispered and grinned together with Molly, taking her arm again willingly and continued walking to class, his head held high.
one at that,” John huffed with a slight roll of his eyes. Ella sighed once more and put her book aside, clutching her hands together.
Meanwhile, the driver, Daniel as usual, was looking in the rearview mirror from time to time, observing the two quietly. Mycroft's orders, of course, and he never wanted to disobey them. At a red light, he quickly sent a text to the older brother, explaining the affection they both were displaying. When the phone buzzed on Mycroft's desk, he quickly picked it up, grinning widely. Finally, he thought to himself and tossed the phone onto his bed. Even though he was happy since he knew how much this meant to his brother, his job as a protective older brother set in and he was determined to make sure John wasn't going to hurt Sherlock any time soon. He was still angry from what had happened at the party, though he had been feeling bad for being so harsh to John. He knew he had probably tried his best to protect Sherlock, and he had no right to attack John in such a way, especially considering the abuse he got from home. He cleared his throat, making sure he looked decent, getting ready for the two to arrive at the house.
Sherlock was stunned as John practically dragged him down the hallway. His cheeks were red, and he held onto John's hand so tightly he was afraid he would hurt him with his nails. Molly rushed after them, not too far behind, and Mike was still just standing frozen in place, unsure of what to do with himself. Sherlock started biting his lip, not sure if John was mad, or upset, or if he truly was okay. He realised there was no other way to find that out than to just ask him. “Are- Are you mad?” He asked John as they stopped just as they entered the cafeteria. John was panting heavily, and he looked up at Sherlock when he came to stand before him. Their hands were still clasped tightly, Sherlock not wanting to let go in case John would just set off in another direction, afraid he would never see the other again if he did. John slowed his breathing, shaking his head eventually. “No, I'm not mad. I'm not mad, Sherlock.” John said, looking up at Sherlock softly. “I'm not mad, and I'm not upset.” He said, straightening up a bit better. Sherlock squirmed shyly and blushed. “O-Okay... So... You're fine, then? Perhaps?” Sherlock asked worriedly, still biting on his lip. John put a hand on Sherlock's arm, stroking it gently as a soft smile spread over his lips. “Yeah, yeah I'm fine.” John said and nodded his head. “Are you fine, though?” John asked, getting a bit worried now when he saw the  blush on Sherlock's cheek and the biting of his lip. Sherlock nodded quickly. “Yeah, yes, yes I'm fine too.” Sherlock said and smiled a little as well. “What... The thing you did... What you said to Mike that... That was sweet in an uhm, angry sort of way...” Sherlock said shyly. John hadn't really spoken sweetly about the two of them, but he knew John meant it in a sweet way deep down, though it had come off a bit angrily since he had been nervous to tell Mike all about it. John nodded. “Yeah... I know... Sorry... I was just nervous and worried and- well, Mike was being a bit of an arse too really. He's usually not like that. I think he was just a bit confused and shocked. He isn't like that you know, he couldn't care less who loves who as long as they are happy.” John promised and nodded his head once more, Sherlock nodding as well, showing that he understood.
Class was dull, frustrating, and it seemed to never end. Sherlock thought he was going absolutely mad as he waited for the bell to ring for their day to end. He didn't know if they would be doing anything special, but he wanted to take John home to his house so that they could be together without having to worry about anyone around them. Sure there was Mycroft, but he hopefully wouldn't do anything too stupid. When the bell finally rang, Sherlock said his quick good byes to Molly before running to his locker, sorting out his bag before running towards John's locker. John was standing and talking to Mike after class, but this time it didn't make Sherlock slow down at all. “John!” He said as he just about managed to stop himself before slamming into John and into the locker. “Willyoumyplacecomehome- I mean-” Sherlock fumbled with his words, starting to blush. He took a deep breath. Jesus Christ, John Watson made his mind completely stop working. “I meant, will you come home to my place with me this afternoon?” Sherlock said after calming himself down, his chest still rising and falling heavily from his run. John smiled and chuckled softly, nodding his head. “Yeah, yeah I'd love to. What happened to you? Did you get chased?” John asked but then winked, showing he was teasing. Sherlock rolled his eyes and smiled, resting his chin on John's shoulder. “The car is waiting for us outside, if you're ready.” Sherlock said softly. John nodded. “Yeah, yeah I was just finishing up talking to Mike.” John said and turned to his friend who was smiling softly. “Yeah we were done here anyway, John is just going to send me the assignment for tomorrow which I've lost... somewhere heh.” Mike murmured and blushed. Sherlock nodded. “That sounds good. If I don't have him home in time, I'll send it to you.” Sherlock said with a cheeky grin. John blushed. “/If you don't have me home in time?/ Hmm? What does that mean?” He said with a grin, pulling Sherlock a bit closer. Sherlock blushed heavily, looking down at the floor. Maybe he'd gone too far again. But John was grinning, and pulled him closer, so maybe not. He nodded, his curls bouncing. “Well... I might make you stay longer than you first thought you would...” Sherlock mumbled, trying not to say the million suggestive things that went through his head outloud. John blushed as well, stroking a few curls from Sherlock's forehead. “Cutie. Either way, you'll get the assigment Mike alright? See you tomorrow.” John said and closed his locker, throwing his bag up on his shoulder. “Let's go then.” John said and after a moment of thought, he took Sherlock's hand in his own, holding it gently as they headed towards the parking lot through the school. “/And you can keep me for as long as you'd like/.” John whispered to a blushing Sherlock as they stepped outside.
“With… With me? Uhm… Right, yes, of course, yeah;” John cleared his throat and took off his outerwear and helped Sherlock with his coat and scarf as well before heading to his own bedroom. He was still helping Sherlock to get there and after gently kicking the door open, he gently helped Sherlock to the bed. He glanced around his room and blushed a little. “It’s uhm… A bit messy, I hope you don’t mind,” John said, and didn’t really get a response. Sherlock probably couldn’t tell messy apart from clean, could he? Sherlock didn’t respond, instead, he toed off his shoes and laid down on the bed and curled up, looking at John with big eyes. John had his hands on his hips and glanced around awkwardly as he toed off his own shoes as well and moved towards the bed.
“I'm glad you're doing well.” He said instead with a nod. Sherlock frowned. “Sarcasm?” He asked John and he shrugged. “Not really.” John replied. “I'm just struggling myself, so for you to take advanced courses you must be really smart.” John said, finally finding the right book and sitting down at the same desk Sherlock was but opposite of him. Sherlock bit his lip nervously. “Are you... angry that I'm smart?” Sherlock asked quietly. This was how it began. The teasing. Why did he have to tell John that he was taking advanced courses? John frowned. “Angry that you are smart?” John asked. “Can one be angry because someone else is smart? Jealous, perhaps, but I don't feel anger really.” He shrugged. Sherlock took a breath of relief. John wasn't angry. That was good. Maybe he wasn't a totally ignorant baboon then. “You should use another book.” Sherlock said and got up from his seat, going to the book case and pulling out another book. “Here. This one explains it in a much better way.” Sherlock said, holding the book out for John. John frowned. Wow. Sherlock was actually doing something kind? He took the book, quite shocked indeed. “Oh... Thanks.” He said and looked through the book quickly. Sherlock nodded and sat back down, crossing his legs and grabbing his pencil. “Good bye.” Sherlock said quietly. John smiled and snorted softly at that. “Alright then.” He said and stood up. “Good bye, Sherlock.” He said and gave the young man one last look before leaving the library with the book Sherlock had picked out for him.
Can we have the party at yours though? You know my parents would never allow it. JW""
John entered the bedroom quickly, smiling as he saw Sherlock peering around the room. “Looking for something?” He asked and joined him back on the bed. Sherlock shrugged. “I was just looking around for things that we could do. If you would allow me to stay, of course. I can leave if you want me to.” Sherlock said quickly and nodded. John smiled and shook his head. “You can stay if you'd like. It's fine. I'm sure we could figure out something fun to do. I have board games if you like those.” John said softly with another nod. “Are you hungry? I could go start breakfast for us if you'd like. I can make us some scrambled eggs, sausage and toast?” John suggested and Sherlock wrinkled his nose. “I'm not really a breakfast person John... I'm sure you can cook a very nice breakfast, but I'll just have some toast and tea, if that's alright.” Sherlock murmured and John nodded, a bit let down by that. He was looking forward to impressing Sherlock with his breakfast cooking skills, but now he had to change that idea out for another one. Sherlock frowned, deducing John's facial expression quickly. “But... I'm feeling a bit hungry this morning. I could try some of your breakfast, if you're going to have it yourself either way.” Sherlock added quickly and John beamed once more. “Yeah, yeah I'm going to have it either way. I'll make you some then, I'll keep the portion small though so that you won't get overwhelmed.” John said thoughtfully with a smile. “Do you want to come downstairs and help?” John offered and Sherlock nodded. “Yes, of course.” He said and stood up from the bed, stretching out with a big yawn. He was a terrible cook, but he didn't want to sit up in the bedroom all by himself. John smiled. “Come on then, chop chop.” He teased and headed out the door and down to the kitchen.
Not that it matters, but there hadn’t been a leak of any sort at Molly’s. Not that it mattered, but John had scolded her for lying to get him to come visit. Not that it mattered, but Molly had apologised and broken into tears when she explained how worried she was for him. Not that it mattered, but John had told her he was sorry, and that she didn’t have to worry because he had someone that looked after him.
Sorry this took such a long time, I started a new education and it's eating up a lot of time. I have every intention to finish this story, so please stay with me. It'll just take a bit longer than I had first thought.
“Jesus John.” Mike said, meeting up with John in the school hallway. John sighed. “Is it that bad?” He said, tilting his bruised up face towards Mike. Mike sighed. “Well it's not pretty.” He said and scratched the back of his head. “What happened?” He asked, looking at John worriedly. John bit his lip, rubbing his neck. “Well... Sherlock gave me a ride home, as you know and, well, my dad saw the car...” John trailed off. “I had no idea he would react that way. He was so... angry...” John whispered. He continued chatting with Mike, leaning against the locker. A bit further away, Sherlock was coming around the corner and saw the back of John's head. He smiled eagerly. He had washed John's shirt and was wearing it today as a surprise, and he hoped John would like it. He wasn't sure though, maybe he was just being weird. He rushed up behind John, trying to contain a giggle. “Good morning John-” Sherlock stopped. His eyes widened. John had turned around at his soft giggle, and he could see his face clearly now in the morning sunlight coming in through the big glass windows of the school. “What- What happened-” Sherlock whispered, gripping his book tightly to his chest. “I'll see you later John.” Mike said, deciding it was best to leave them alone. John smiled a little. “Morning Sherlock.” He said, tilting his head. He sighed. “Well, I'm sure you can guess, or deduce it as you call it.” John said and nodded. “I'm fine, it's just nasty bruises, honest.” John said and continued smiling. The last thing he wanted was for Sherlock to feel bad about this. Sherlock bit his lip, not really feeling like it was fine at all. “Nice shirt.” John said and smiled broader. Sherlock frowned. “Nice-... Oh...” He said, having forgotten all about his idea. He looked down on himself, licking his bottom lip. “I- I washed it-” Was that really what he followed up with? God, he was a complete idiot. John chuckled. “Well it probably needed a wash. Looks good on you. You can keep it.” He said, even though he knew it was his only nice shirt that didn't look old and tattered. Sherlock blushed, swinging a bit from side to side. “Thank you, I-” “Oh gosh darnit! Did he do it again?” A woman's voice interrupted Sherlock. John sighed. “Molly, I'm fine okay?” He said as she moved between him and Sherlock, starting to fuss and touch his bruises. John flinched. “Molls.” He said sternly and she took away her hand, looking back at Sherlock. “Oh, hi Sherlock.” She said and blushed, smiling at him kindly. Sherlock glanced over at Molly. “Hello Hooper.” He said simply before moving close to John again. “I know something that can help with the bruising. Meet me by the school nurse's office after class okay?” Sherlock said quickly and blushed a little before hurrying off to his classroom.
Sherlock sighed, sitting down to sip his tea and nibble on a biscuit. He wasn't really hungry since he had eaten a lot more of the pizza than he had first planned to, but he was polite enough to have at least a little bit of tea and a biscuit. “I'm sorry if I'm not too cheerful right now... I... I really did have a good time. Except for a few mishaps...” He murmured. Mr. Holmes nodded. “Well that's understandable, it was your first time out like this after all, it's alright to have some mishaps.” He explained. Sherlock nodded. “I just... I have a bad feeling in my tummy... When- When I left John by his house-” Sherlock began but stopped quickly when Mrs. Holmes quickly looked at him. “John? Is that the young man who borrowed you his shirt? Oh, lovely! Now we have a name to this friend of yours.” She grinned eagerly and looked to her husband who nodded. “Continue with your story Sherlock, what happened?” He said patiently. Sherlock nodded. “When we dropped him off by his house he started acting all strange... He was rushing and- and he barely said good bye.” Sherlock murmured. “I don't know if I did anything wrong. He was fine the whole car ride there, but in a split second he was just... almost frightened in a way.” Sherlock mumbled. Mycroft stood in the kitchen as well leaning against the kitchen wall, looking over at Sherlock. Of course he had snooped around Sherlock's room once his brother had left, finding out that his /love/ interest or whatever he was, was indeed someone named John Watson. He had done some research and found out about John's father and the fact that he had been high up in the military but had been sent home due to injuries. He had deduced some other bits here and there, but there was still a few blanks. But what Sherlock said did spark a tinge of worry in his mind as well. Mrs. Holmes smiled and stroke Sherlock's hand encouragingly. “I'm sure he's fine Sherlock. Maybe he was just in a hurry. He realised how late it was and he needed to hurry inside. That's all there is to it I'm sure.” She said softly. Sherlock sighed. He knew that couldn't be it, and he remembered what he had said to John the first time he had deduced him. /Must be difficult having a father who doesn't want you to play sports and is taking his suppressed anger out on his family and his drinking habits./. Sherlock shivered and hoped whatever the cause was for John's sudden hurry wasn't something related to that.
“Let me stop you right there.
John sat down and shuffled awkwardly onto the middle of the bed, closer to Sherlock before turning to him. “You alright?” John said softly and Sherlock nodded before shifting closer, leaning his head against John’s chest.
Chapter 25 - Slowly
John glared at Victor the whole time, making sure he really left before turning to Sherlock. “Are you alright? Are you okay? He didn't manage to touch you did he? Come, let's go somewhere else where it isn't so loud.” John said and took Sherlock's hand. Sherlock stumbled as he began to walk, his whole body stiff, tears prickling in his eyes. That had been awful. Just... Just awful. He felt so vulnerable and horrible and then- then John had been there to save him. And John protected him. Sherlock was so conflicted. He felt like bawling his eyes out, his heart beating way too quickly, and on the other hand he felt so loved and protected by John that he just wanted to smile the brightest smile he could. Sadly, he was leaning more towards the bawling his eyes out part, and after John had shooed some kissing couple out of Mike's bedroom and they were alone, that is just what he did. Heavy tears began trickling down his cheeks and John quickly sat Sherlock down on the bed and sat down beside him. “Shh, shh it's okay. God that fucking bastard I should've punched him square in the face.” John said and stroke Sherlock's back before gently embracing him, wanting to make sure hugging him was okay right now. And God it was okay. So okay that Sherlock quickly moved closer, almost placing himself on John's lap. He buried his face against John's shoulder and cried, trying not to make too much noise. John sighed softly and stroke Sherlock's curls gently with his hand. “I'm so so sorry Sherlock. I should've noticed it sooner. I should've been with you the whole time. Stupid sodding Mike it's his fault. He wanted me to be a stupid wingman and chat up that bird just so he could have a chance with her.” John muttered and reached for a blanket, wrapping it around Sherlock since the tall young man had begun to shiver quite violently. “Sherlock, try to take deep breaths for me okay? It's over. He's gone. He won't even dare to get close to you after that I promise.” John said and Sherlock let out a sob, nodding his head. John hadn't been chatting that girl up for his sake, it was for Mike. Sherlock tried to be happy for that too, but he just couldn't seem to stop crying. There was a gentle knock on the door before Mike opened it just a little. “Are you two okay? I saw what happened... I just wanted to check... Do you need anything?” Mike asked and John smiled a little. “Yeah we're fine. Some water and some tissues would be nice.” John said and Mike nodded, quickly closing the door again. “Come here, let's make ourselves a bit more comfy. I feel rather done with this party myself anyway.” John said and began to gently scoot back on Mike's bed towards the pillows. He propped the pillows up nicely before leaning back onto them, stretching out a bit and still holding Sherlock in his arms. He took the remote control from the nightstand and turned on the telly, finding some mind-numbing crap telly show that they could have on in the background to help them relax a bit. It took a while, but soon Mike came back with tissues, two cups of tea, two cups of water and two slices of cake before disappearing just as quickly. John smiled. “This room service is better than any hotel I've ever been to at least.” He said and chuckled, trying to lighten the mood a little.
Sherlock quickly entered his room and pushed John inside. “John, calm down.” Sherlock said and placed his hands on his shoulder. “Take a few deep breaths. Here, sit.” He said and guided John to the foot of his bed. He sat down beside John and kept a hand on his shoulder. “Listen to me and listen closely. Even though I'm a little hurt you never told me your real birthday was today, I'm happy I found out now. I can guarantee you that your father will not know about it, and I can guarantee you that you are safe, okay? I'm not stupid, I know what's going on and I've known ever since I first met you more or less. I was so afraid last night when I dropped you off I couldn't sleep. And then I saw you like that first thing in the morning, it made my heart sink.” Sherlock admitted, speaking more to John than it felt like he had ever done before. “Can I please celebrate your birthday with you today? I will come tomorrow too, of course, but can I please spend your actual birthday with you today, with my family, with my family who cares so much about you already. Please?” Sherlock pleaded, looking John in the eyes. John had calmed down while Sherlock spoke, and now he was breathing evenly and slowly. He took a moment before nodding. “Alright.” John said softly. “Alright. I... I want to spend my birthday with you and your family too.” He admitted shyly, not even able to remember last time his birthday had been celebrated properly with his own family. “But then I'll need my shirt back.” John said with a soft smile and a chuckle. He then proceeded to unbutton the one he was wearing, without giving Sherlock much warning. “God I can't believe I spilled in front of your parents. I'm such a slob...” John muttered, pulling the shirt off his body and tossing it on a nearby chair. “Go on then, hand me mine that you are wearing. Or maybe you have something else in mind for me, although I doubt anything of yours will fit me.” He said with a chuckle. Sherlock though, was blushing, and in his own mind just looking at John's chest. “Hmm?” He said, looking back up at John. John laughed. “Sherlock! Come on mate! Your shirt!” John said and nudged Sherlock playfully, feeling a bit better already. Even though the whole situation was a bit awkward, and he still felt bad about Sherlock's parents taking him out and paying for him, he was determined to make the best out of the situation since this was what Sherlock wanted. To spend his real birthday together. “Oh. Right. Right.” Sherlock said and began unbuttoning his shirt, John turning around a bit to give Sherlock some privacy. “It's okay... You don't have to...” Sherlock dared to say this time, and John gently tilted his head back, but didn't look at Sherlock fully. Not until he had to grab the shirt, and when he did, he let his eyes quickly wander over Sherlock's pale chest. He licked his bottom lip but then quickly proceeded to put the shirt on. It was warm, and nice smelling and he sighed contently. “What are you going to wear then?” John asked and Sherlock blushed, realising he was still topless. “I'm sure I can find something.” He said and stood up, walking to his giant wardrobe to start rummaging around it. “I think... This one.” He said and picked out a nice dark navy blue shirt. “This will do nicely.” He said with a smile and slipped it on. He looked in his mirror, making sure he buttoned it correctly and that his curls were in place, seeing John slowly moving up behind him. “Is my hair alright?” John teased, pretending to fix his short cut in the mirror. Sherlock grinned and turned around, ruffling John's hair quickly so it was all messy. “Perfect.” Sherlock said with an even bigger grin and a chuckle.
It didn't take long until they drove up to a nice looking restaurant, though, it wasn't as posh as John had feared. It was like a nice cozy log cabin interior, but it was not grubby or old looking in any way. Mr. Holmes lead all of them inside the pleasantly warm restaurant, getting them a nice table by a window. The waiter seemed to know Mr. Holmes, so it went very smoothly and they exchanged a few kind smiles. They were all seated and John took the menu he was given, reading it through. The food was indeed a lot pricier than he was used too, but it also sounded delicious. His stomach rumbled eagerly at the promise of a nicely put together meal, and he looked at Sherlock shyly, hoping he hadn't heard that. Sherlock smiled, trying not to show that he had heard the adorable little rumble from John's stomach. “Hmm... I'm thinking... The hearty mushroom pasta. That sounds very delicious. What do you think John?” Sherlock said, looking back at him. John bit his lip, not sure what to pick. He did like fish and chips though, and they seemed to have a posher version of it, with a lot of condiments, salad and bread to go with it. “I think I'm going to go for the fish and chips.” John nodded shyly. “Excellent choice. They do amazing fish and chips here.” Mr. Holmes encouraged, wanting John to feel good about his choice. John smiled a bit and nodded. “Then I'll take your word for it.” John smiled and closed the menu. “Any drinks? John, you might want something alcoholic, since you can drink legally now.” Mr. Holmes smiled kindly. John quickly shook his head. “No, no I'm alright. I intend to remember this meal for a very very long time.” John said, blushing deeply after realising it had sounded a bit silly. He wouldn't be drinking /that/ much after all. “I will just have a regular coke, thanks.” John murmured shyly. “I'll have the same.” Sherlock said and sank back into the comfortable chairs. “Sparkling water for me.” Mycroft said and Sherlock grinned. “Cutting down on the calories are we? Or just saving them to have cake as a dessert?” He teased Mycroft, getting him back for the conversation in the car. Mycroft blushed. “For your information, I'm not having the cake for dessert. I'm having the berry crumble.” Mycroft muttered. “Oh, to get those healthy fruits of the day then.” Sherlock teased and Mycroft whined. “Mother, tell him to stop!” Mycroft complained.
Sherlock glanced at the paper and pen, but didn’t make a move to touch them. After a few minutes or so, Mike got called out and he was told to stay put, again. He wanted to go to John. He didn’t like it here alone. He wanted to be with John. It had been such a wonderful morning, John had smiled, when he wasn’t upset at him running off of course, and they had seen so many new things together. But now… He was stuck in this weird office with white plain walls and it reminded him of the lab he was usually kept in. It made his skin crawl. Sherlock flinched when the door was suddenly opened, and someone else entered. A man. An… Android. The other man smiled.
Chapter 1 – The birthday party
So, I'm a bit late again, but I will try to post either Tuesdays or Sundays, just so you have some sort of schedule in mind! I tried to make this chapter a bit longer, hence why I'm a bit late, but I hope you like it a lot :D!
“Yeah, yeah I did promise. But I promised
John hurried downstairs after exactly half an hour, not wanting to be early nor late. He quickly took his seat, keeping his head down. He didn't want any more of that treatment this evening, so he tried being as quiet as possible during dinner. Most of the dinner was silent, and when they were done, Harry and John helped each other with clearing off the table and doing the dishes, knowing that was the best option when their father was like this. Mr. Watson limped back to the living room, turning on the telly to watch the news. Mrs. Watson was biting a bit on her lip, always a bit worried and distressed in these situations. “Thank you loves. You can go back upstairs and I'll bring you a treat later.” She murmured quietly, always getting a bit soft when she knew it was likely that both of her children had been scolded in some way. John nodded and Harry did too and they both quickly hurried upstairs. “So, he got to you too then?” John murmured and Harry nodded with a sigh. “Yup.” She answered quietly.
Come the first class, John could barely focus. He was tired, and the subject was boring, and his eyes travelled to Sherlock almost every minute. It was difficult. He looked so gorgeous. All messy and hot looking... John blushed, his cheeks heating up. No, he shouldn't think like that in class.... He shouldn't think that way at all! Or... Well there was nothing wrong with it, essentially. John chewed on his pencil a little, realising Sherlock had noticed him staring. Sherlock was smirking widely, positively beaming with himself as he saw John eyeing him like that. When the class finally was over, John swooped up behind Sherlock quickly. “Bathroom, now.” He whispered, Sherlock's cheeks heating up.
one. He had encountered a handful of androids since they were introduced into society and even though he would never admit it, he was mostly weary around them. It wasn’t exactly fear, because fear is such a strong word, it was just… New. Different. Odd. Plasticky. And not knowing how human they actually were confused him, made him unsure of how to act around them. He had never been hurt by one though, they were usually overly kind in an eerie sort of way, especially the ones working in any sort of service towards humans. He rubbed his hand over his face, pinching the bridge of his nose before closing the file and setting it on the arm of the chair.
Sherlock though, was frozen in place, his cheeks flushed and his gaze fixed out in the blue. John didn't have a girlfriend, he can't keep a girl for a week, always ends up getting dumped though he wouldn't admit it. Sherlock stored it all in what he called his mind castle. Though, he was still working on that name. It didn't feel completely right. He shook his head, finally coming to his senses as he spotted John on the side of the field. “I- I have something to do-...” Sherlock trailed off and stood up, quickly making the decision to apologise to John before the game. “Ex-Excuse me-” He stuttered and began hurrying down the bleachers, careful not to trip.
Chapter 17 - I'm having the berry crumble
“How did you-” John started with wide eyes.
John frowned deeper and sat up a bit more. He took Sherlock's hand, holding it gently. “Alright... We... We don't have to talk right now... But... But I don't think I can just /cuddle/ unless I can talk to you to try to understand this.” John said and bit his lip once more. Sherlock felt like fainting, anything to get out of this. Did... Did that mean John wanted him to leave too? Or just awkwardly sit away from each other since he couldn't cuddle anymore? “I... I should go then...” Sherlock mumbled and John let out a soft huff. “What? Really? Just because I need help with things you decide to leave because you're too afraid to talk?” John said, his voice a bit more upset now. Sherlock looked down at his hands, John's not holding his anymore. “Can... I just need to think.” Sherlock said and nodded. “I just need to think before I speak, please? Please can I just... think.” He pleaded to John, unsure of what else he could say. John sighed and stood up. “Yeah, go ahead, just leave and go think. Just so you know, I never got to think before you decided to jump and cuddle me.” John nearly growled as he left to go up the stairs, leaving Sherlock alone in the living room.
It was impossible for John to go back to sleep, and Sherlock was putting on quite a good show of making John believe that the taller teen was in fact asleep himself. John cleared his throat, trying to move just a little since his arm was falling asleep. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to very slowly shift around. Sherlock was trying his best to not burst into a fit of giggles as John tried to slowly rearrange himself. He could definitely have some more fun with this. “Huh? Nnnh- What are you doing?” Sherlock mumbled in a fake sleepy manner, rubbing his eyes with a soft pout. John's whole face turned red and he quickly licked his lips. “I- I was just- My arm- It was sort of- falling asleep-” He stuttered, licking his lips nervously once more. Sherlock looked up at John, still sporting a big pout, his curls all tangled and all over the place. “You woke me up from my beauty sleep.” Sherlock grumbled and John couldn't help himself as he started to chuckle. “Beauty? Well, maybe your face but not your hair.” He laughed, but soon blushed as he realised he had practically said that Sherlock had a beautiful face. Sherlock was quite shocked by that fact as well, his jaw dropping just a little. But then, his lips quirked up in an enourmous grin. “You think I'm beautiful?” Sherlock daringly asked, smirking at John. John blushed more, backing away a little. “I, uhm,” He stuttered. Damn, too much, Sherlock thought to himself. “I'm kidding John.” Sherlock said, trying to turn the situation back to being happy and giggly. John smiled. “Oh, heh,” John said and rubbed his neck a little. Sherlock rolled away a bit and snuggled up against the pillow.
“Laboratory? And what does that make you then? The mad scientist?” John muttered before he suddenly remembered and paled. “Sherlock- Where is he? Is he alright? I- It all went so fast I- I barely know what happened-” John stuttered and Mycroft sighed, clutching his umbrella handle tightly.
Chapter 5 – The book
They both continued talking, Ella asking her usual round of questions to see what had changed, what was easier, what had been worse, allowing John to speak his mind as he wished. Though, she was soon distracted as a tall, pale man with messy curls came rushing towards them and grabbed the sleeve of John’s shirt, tugging harshly while glaring at Ella.
John left the changing rooms, carrying his duffle bag over his shoulder as he headed through the school, so ready to catch the bus and head home. He didn't like going home really, depending on what the mood was with all the other family members, granted Harry wasn't home all that often. He frowned though as he spotted someone getting into a fancy car further away from the bus stop. He squinted his eyes, trying to catch a glimpse of-... of course it was. That bloody Sherlock bloke. Of course he had a fancy car taking him to and from the school. John let out a soft little huff. “Sodding richy rich.” John muttered, kicking up some dirt with his shoe. The air was warm and he was starting to sweat a little waiting for the noisy and even warmer bus.
“Uh, yeah, night then…” John mumbled and rubbed his neck. Sherlock smiled and nodded.
John had already started on his meal while Sherlock and Molly was still looking adoringly over at him. When John realised it, he began to blush. “Uhm, maybe you should start eating before it gets cold...” John suggested and Sherlock and Molly quickly snapped out of their states, Molly giggling softly. “Yeah, yeah we should.” She agreed and nudged Sherlock's foot underneath the table. Sherlock smiled quickly and nodded. John chuckled and shook his head fondly. “Cutie.” He said softly, making Sherlock blush an even darker shade of red. “No, you are.” He said softly, daringly placing a hand on John's thigh underneath the table. John blushed and quickly moved his gaze to his plate, trying to focus on eating and not on the hand that was placed so gently on his thigh. Sherlock smiled to himself and started eating as well, not removing his hand just yet.
Sherlock couldn't concentrate for the rest of the day. He was worried, upset, and constantly aware of where John was. He didn't want to bump into him, knowing that would probably end very badly indeed. He was debating if he should go to the game or not. Maybe if he went, John would see that he did care about him. But if he went and John saw him and got upset, maybe he would be blamed if they lost. He closed his eyes, trying to think of what the better option was. Somewhere in his mind though, he was wondering why he cared so much. He usually didn't care what other people thought about him, as long as they didn't hurt him or bully him of course. But John was... different. He had never been annoyed or hostile towards him, well, until now that is, and no one had even bothered to talk with him yet from his own class. But John had, for some odd reason. After some thought, he decided to go to the game. He needed to apologise to John, and he needed to set things right. If he had a chance of having a friend, a person that he actually found bearable to be around, then he would take that chance and hope for the best.
Chapter 22 - Overprotective is the right word
bedroom. Ella chuckled and shook her head, closing her book gently.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright, fine.
The shower was... moderately nice. He had so much to think about and often he found himself lost in his thoughts rather than enjoying the shower. His thoughts went to the conversation he'd had with his mother. Or rather the scolding he had gotten from her. The texts with Mike about the party and lastly, Sherlock. The smug rich bloke. Maybe that was why he was acting the way he was. But Mike... Mike had said he was rather quiet. Maybe he had something against John in particular. John sighed. He usually didn't fall out that much with people, so he wasn't exactly sure how to handle that. He wasn't the popular kid either, for obvious reasons, but being the captain had earned him a bit of a better position at school. By the time he had finished pondering, he realised he had to hurry downstairs for breakfast or otherwise he would be late. He threw all of his clothes on and messily towel drying his hair before hurrying downstairs.
Sherlock frowned as he read the text, realising quickly that it must be John. He wasn't even going to bother asking him how he found his number, there are plenty of ways to find something like that
Chapter 6 – Are you awake?
Sherlock followed the shopkeeper along with Mycroft, frowning as the old man pottered about. “Ah, here we might have something.” The shopkeeper said and presented them both with a big basket of old rugby memorabilia. “A lot of it is broken and worn unfortunately, but I think an avid rugby fan will find it interesting anyway. Have a poke around and just come to the register when you've settled on something.” The man said kindly and left the brother's alone.
The walk to the park was interesting, to say the least. Sherlock seemed to have no idea what walking outside was like, and after a few mishaps with roads, cars, and other pedestrians, John decided to lock arms with him no matter how awkward it made him feel.
“Yep, yeah, I’m fine. Suits me right for sneaking up on you, heh, sorry,” John mumbled and bit his lip a little. Sherlock sat down on the floor and tilted his head.
Sherlock caught a glimpse of John heading into the men's bathroom and he slowed down, determined to let John have a moment before barging in. John grabbed a paper towel and started to clean up the smear, trying to calm down all the emotions that was running haywire in his body and mind. What just happened? He had no idea, but he was starting to calm down the more he thought about it. Sherlock had just been... nice, helpful, helping him to make the bruising better, and as soon as Sherlock opened the door, John looked up at him and bit his lip. “I'm sorry I stormed out like that. I'm not sure why I did it and I'm really, truly sorry. You were only trying to help, which you did, it already hurts less. I'm sorry for being so jittery, it's probably just something stuck from yesterday. Forgive me alright?” John said, Sherlock's eyes wide, baffled by the apology he had just received when he had been ready to start apologising himself. “What? Oh. Uhm. It's fine John. I forgive you, of course I do.” Sherlock rambled quickly, his cheeks starting to heat up again. John smiled and placed a hand on Sherlock's arm, rubbing a bit. “You're a good friend Sherlock, I'm glad we met.” He said in all honesty, tilting his head softly. “My... My dad told me to stay away from you, but that's not gonna happen. We just bloody met, and I'm definitely not done with you.” John chuckled. “It's usually just empty threats anyway, when he's angry.” John murmured. “Don't worry though, I didn't tell him your name, and even if I did he's not one to just go after someone he doesn't know. He still has some honor, somewhere.” John explained with a nod and a soft smile. Sherlock didn't know what to say. John had said so many things all at the same time and he had trouble comprehending it all for the first time ever. He usually did. He was usually quick to understand but not this time. John thought he was a good friend, he was glad they had met and he wasn't done with him even if his father had threatened him to stay away. Sherlock suddenly lunged into John's arms, not a care in the world if he could or not. John nearly fell backwards, but he quickly wrapped his arms around Sherlock, blushing and letting out a soft chuckle. “Hey, it's okay.” John said, not sure what to say, or if Sherlock was happy or sad. He stroke his back a little, leaning his head onto Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock squeezed John tightly, letting out a soft breath. “Thank you John. Thank you.” Sherlock said, his voice trembling slightly. John smiled. “I'm not sure for what exactly, but you're welcome Sherlock.” He said softly and squeezed Sherlock a little, still stroking his back gently. “Sherlock, we should probably get going so we're not late for our classes. I'll see you at lunch okay?” John said after a little while, gently trying to make Sherlock let go. It wasn't because he was uncomfortable, he just didn't know why he deserved this in the first place. Sherlock reluctantly began pulling away, letting his hands gently follow the line of John's back muscles. He nodded, looking back up at John. “See you at lunch.” Sherlock said and proceeded to quickly walk out of the bathroom, leaving John red in the face and impossibly warm both inside and out.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock hummed, looking down at the covers that were draped over him. He placed his hand over the soft fabric, sliding his long fingers over it. It was nice. Warm. Much more comfortable. “Thank you Dr Watson,” Sherlock said to himself with a soft smile, laying back down on his pillow. “Now, loading,” his monotone voice sounded, yet now rung more comfortably and content than before.
“I’m not sure, to be honest, it doesn’t seem like it. Seems Mr. Holmes is quite protective over this android and he won’t let anyone else take over him unless he deems the person fitting enough. He’s been quite adamant that that person should be you,” Ella explained and John raised a curious eyebrow.
“Mate, you know you can tell me anything yeah? I know we were never really that close but we were more than just acquaintances, and I care about you. But if you don’t want to talk about it, I understand. Maybe eventually you will, maybe never. Also, I think the android idea is great. I use a lot of them at my clinic to help patients. Mostly with company and comfort. Had I known you were open to them too I would’ve invited you to come see some for yourself sooner-”
“Turn around!” John called and Sherlock spun on his heel without a word, starting to walk the other way and John hurried with his cane after him.
The match was quite exciting, even Sherlock thought so, now that he had someone he wanted to cheer on and win. Molly was giggling from time to time as Sherlock shouted, covering her mouth so that Sherlock wouldn't see. When the final signal went, and it was clear that the home team had won, Sherlock stood up from the bleachers, clapping his hands and cheering like everyone else did. Maybe this wasn't too bad after all. He watched John run a victory lap along with his mates, laughing and grinning from ear to ear. Sherlock smiled to himself. John looked wonderful when he was happy. He blushed, wishing he could go down and congratulate him.
following me around at home. And a
The day was coming to an end and John had to swing by the library to get some books for his biology class. He was failing miserably, but he needed to make sure he didn't. He got a funny look from the librarian and he rolled his eyes. “You have something to say to me Mrs. Jones?” John said and tilted his head at her. She smirked. “Well, I was just wondering what a fish is doing out of it's waters, Watson.” She said and chuckled a little. John smiled. “Yeah yeah, I need books for my biology class. Hold your horses, I'm not a reader just yet.” He said and headed to the right shelf.
“Ah, Ella, good morning. Tea?” John asked as he invited Ella inside, rushing to the living room to pour them some tea. Ella followed and smiled softly.
Chapter 35 -  Better get started on that tea love
(See the end of the chapter for
""I want that party you were talking about. Feel like getting hammered right about now really. JW
“I’m going to turn in, feeling quite tired,” John spoke suddenly, making Sherlock look up from his empty plate with a smile and a nod.
“P-Person? N-Not a… Tin can anymore?” Sherlock’s voice trembled and stuttered slightly. John felt his cheeks heating up again and he rubbed his neck shyly before meeting Sherlock’s eyes once more.
John laughed as he spoke with the girl, someone Mike had randomly invited. Mike had forced John to make a good impression, so that he could introduce Mike to her later. God he hated being Mike's wingman, he hated that- John frowned. What the hell was going on with Sherlock? He could instantly see that something wasn't right. Sod being a wingman, this was more important. John quickly made his way over to Sherlock and the other bloke, moving up close to Sherlock. “Hey, what's going on here then?” John said and glared at the other man. Victor smirked. “Bugger off will ya? I'm just having a word with... What's your name again? I'll just call you pretty cheekbone boy until you tell me your name.” Victor grinned and tugged Sherlock closer. Sherlock whimpered and looked at John. “Cut it out. He doesn't want anything to do with you alright?” John hissed, grabbing Victor's wrist. “Let go, now.” John said firmly. Victor just smirked. “You're gonna deny me a shag? What kind of a bloke are you?” Victor said and frowned at John. “Well, since you asked so nicely, I'm the birthday boy, and if you don't behave I'll throw you out.” John growled and gripped Victor's wrist tighter, causing him to let go of Sherlock's hand out of pain. “Oww, fuck! You're hurting my bloody hand!” Victor whined and winced, trying to get away, but John kept his grip tightly around his wrist, not letting go. Sherlock quickly moved behind John, hiding behind his back. “Alright alright I'll step off! Jesus Christ!” Victor yelled through the loud music, causing some heads to turn. John nodded. “And if I ever see you puttig your dirty hands on him again, I swear I'll snap your neck right off.” John growled before finally letting go, the skin on Victor's wrist a deep red colour. “You're a fucking nutcase, fucking mental you are.” Victor said and quickly hurried to the hallway, grabbing his coat and leaving the house.
Sherlock's eyes widened. “A date? An outside date? Like a real one? Just you and me?” He rambled and John nodded, chuckling a little. “Yes, sweetie, just you and me.” He spoke softly, cupping and rubbing Sherlock's cheek with his thumb. “Maybe we could go to the cinema, watch a film, like a classic date. But maybe that's boring...” John murmured and Sherlock quickly shook his head. “No- No not boring! Not boring at all I- I'd like that very much.” Sherlock breathed and nodded quickly. John beamed and nodded. “Great, then that's what we'll do.” He said and kissed Sherlock's nose, giggling a little. “I'll pop downstairs and make us some tea and sandwiches yeah?” John said and started to crawl out of bed. Sherlock sighed, reluctantly letting go. The spot where John had laid was so warm and cozy, and he quickly rolled over to it, snuggling up into a little ball. John smiled and pulled on his clothes, leaving the room with a soft sigh. He didn't really want to leave the bed either, but he knew that if they didn't get started, they weren't going to be in school anywhere near on time.
Chapter 38 -  Staying the night, Watson?
Sherlock looked down into his bowl, twirling the pasta up on his fork once again. Maybe... “Did you want to try a bite?” Sherlock said, apprehensively holding up his fork for John. John looked at the fork, blushing a little. “Oh, uh, sure.” He said, but didn't expect being fed like this. He leaned forward and managed to take the whole bite in one go without making a mess of himself. “Mmm, that's delicious too.” He said, trying not to blush. He had just been fed by Sherlock bloody Holmes. He quickly looked down at his plate, composing a bite on his own fork with both fish and chip and a bit of sauce. “Here.” John said and held his fork out to Sherlock. “Your turn.” John smiled. Sherlock's eyes widened. He had definitely not expected that. Frankly, he hadn't even expected John to take his offered bite in the first place. “Oh-” Sherlock stuttered, quickly taking the bite as if he was scared it would go away, that John would change his mind. Sherlock covered his mouth quickly, letting out a soft giggle. John blushed and chuckled as well. “Was it too big?” He asked, tilting his head apologetically. Sherlock shook his head. “No, it was just right.” He mumbled with his mouthful, Mycroft rolling his eyes and feeling like vomiting from how giggly and silly the two were acting. But he couldn't help but feel happy for his brother as well, of course. Happy that he had found someone he could actually giggle and be silly with. Mycroft looked at his mother, who looked at him knowingly, giving him a pat on the hand, glad that he was coping and not making any mean comments.
“”I said it. And it is highly unlikely because it was a joke Sherl. But apparently I was pretty convincing in my fact stating abilities. JW”” John responded.
John sighed and rubbed his forehead. He really needed to be careful with what he was writing or saying to Sherlock, and he was learning that slowly but surely.
I'm sorry this took a little bit longer! I hope it will be a fun read though :) And thank you so so much for over a thousand hits!! I don't know if people think that's a lot, but to me it's huge!! I'm so grateful, so thank you to all of you reading and embarking on this journey with me!!/NightOfFanfics
John quickly sat back down with his book on his lap, continuing where he left off. It was a very good book indeed, and it explained things in a different way that made much more sense to him. He wondered how Sherlock knew that this would be a more suitable read, Sherlock didn't really know anything about him after all. He reached for his phone, deciding to see if he could find Sherlock's cell phone number so that he could thank him. “Here you go luv.” Mrs. Watson said, bringing in a big bowl of ice cream. She pecked the top of John's head and stroke his back. “It will be alright, it will all be alright.” She said with a sad smile, her voice trembling slightly .
“We're ready to go.” Sherlock declared with a smile as he walked into the hallway with John, the other Holmes' already dressed and ready. John blushed a little and began putting his jacket and his shoes on. “Wonderful.” Mr. Holmes said and nodded. “And please John, don't you worry about a thing alright? I can promise you that your family will be oblivious to our outing and that everything will go well.” Mr. Holmes promised and John nodded, smiling softly. “Thank you Mr. Holmes... You have no idea how much this means to me...” John murmured and sighed contently.
Their desserts arrived and the cake slice really was massive, but it looked delicious. There was indeed three different layers, and lots and lots of dripping dark chocolate sauce on each side. John licked his lips just a little, grabbing one of the spoons. Steaming mugs of tea and coffee were being placed on the table as well, and the evening got even cozier somehow.
“Hmm? Oh… Nothing really. Just how important you’ve become to me that’s all,” John smiled wider and stroke another curl behind Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock blinked his eyes open and they flashed over for a moment as he looked up at John.
I loved writing this chapter, I just needed to write something giddy and fun, and I hope you'll like it just as much as I did writing it! :) Thank you to everyone for being patient with me, hearts to everyone <3<3<3//NightOfFanfics
John woke from his phone buzzing, and he quickly answered it so it wouldn’t wake up Sherlock who was now even more closely nestled to his body.
Hope you enjoyed this chapter as well! My approach to Sherlock is slightly different, but I hope it will make sense story-wise and that you end up liking my take on him!
Chapter 39 - I'll wear them more often
“Sh-Sherlock-” John stuttered with no response from the android. Mycroft hummed softly.
“Sod it,” John gruffed and got out of bed, hurrying up the stairs and knocking on the door. “Sherlock? Are you… Alright? Asleep? Uh, loading?” John asked through the door. No reply. John tilted his head. “I can’t believe this…” He sighed and gently opened the door just a little to start off with. He frowned. Sherlock had changed clothes, he noticed. Why… Was he laying on top of the covers instead of under it? John tiptoed inside, glancing around the bed. “
“Where have you been!?” Mrs. Hudson yelled as she headed up the stairs after them. John sighed, propping Sherlock up as he opened the door. “You both look a mess! And that friend of yours, Mike, he was here as well asking for you!” Mrs. Hudson crossed her arms. John sighed once more and led Sherlock to the sofa, sitting him down.
“Oh, wow, right to the point then uhm, it’s been… Interesting. Definitely interesting, heh. Less… Lonely… Most certainly,” John cleared his throat after the vague description and Ella nodded with a little smile.
The rest of their dinner, or snack, had gone by pretty quietly. John had glanced at Sherlock every now and again, and Sherlock seemed content just to sit by the table and eat his sandwich and drink his tea. John felt a bit awkward, and he had a lot to think about. It had already been quite turbulent between the two, but at the same time, they had also shared some nicer moments as well. He had been given a sort of
“Better, yeah, much better,” John said fondly.
“No no no! How can they possibly be adults and not know the answer to that!” Sherlock yelled at the telly, getting more and more riled up as the show went. John chuckled a little. “Calm down Sherlock, it's just a silly game show.” John encouraged, not wanting Sherlock to become upset. Sherlock looked up at John with big eyes and a giant pout. “But they're stupid!” He argued with a huff. John couldn't help but chuckle once more. “Perhaps, but not everyone can be as brilliant as you. If they were, you wouldn't be brilliant now would you?” John said softly, getting used to complimenting Sherlock. Sherlock blushed deeply, his pout going back to a soft little smile. “Really? You... You think I'm brilliant?” Sherlock asked and Harry snorted. “Don't feed his ego.” She muttered with a smirk. Sherlock frowned. “My ego is just fine thank you, and if John is the one feeding it then I wouldn't have it any other way.” Sherlock argued and put his half finished plate on the table before wrapping his arms around John's middle, cuddling up close. John blushed deeply and cleared his throat. “Right, uhm, didn't you like your breakfast Sherlock?” John asked, trying to quickly change the subject. Sherlock looked up at John. Oh. He looked to his plate. He hadn't realised he had left that much on it, it was just his usual manner. “I- No- No it's brilliant I'm just... Just taking a short break that's all. I can't eat when I'm upset at stupid game show people...” Sherlock said quickly and leaned his head back on John's shoulder. John nodded. “I see...” He hummed, finishing his own portion, looking down at Sherlock before placing his plate on the table.
Hello! I know this is late, and short, and not really all that good. I'm trying to find an exciting direction to take this story in, and I'm really working on it. I want to make it even better, and I'm sure I'll come up with something in the end. I hope everyone has had a nice holiday, and I'm kind of glad it's over lol. Not that it was too bad, but soon, season four of Sherlock is upon us!!! The hype!! And season four, this is chapter fourty, four four, I don't know I thought it was fitting lol. Either way, with everything going on that is so dark in season four, I just wanted to post a quick fluffy chapter to relieve us from the anxiety of the impending new season of Sherlock, and I'm sure I'm not alone in feeling like this. I think my next update with this story will come next year, so if I don't update until then, have a happy new year, and let's get through the first episode of Sherlock season four together! /NightOfFanfics
Come lunchtime, Mike and John sat in the cafeteria. John sighed as he spotted Sherlock sitting alone, far away from anyone else. “That Sherlock kid is mental Mike.” John muttered. Mike looked up, spotting Sherlock as well. “Did you two fall out again? What happened this time?” Mike said softly. John shrugged. “He just pushed me in the hallway and I went up to him to ask what his problem was and he started spewing out all sorts of guff about me.” John huffed softly. Mike frowned. John sighed. “He was saying he thought I was toying with him or something. But I never was. I think he's just defensive for some reason.” John said and looked over at Sherlock again. “Do we know why he changed schools?” John asked and Mike shook his head. “Nah, they usually don't say that sort of things.” Mike murmured. John nodded. “Yeah that's understandable... Maybe he was treated badly.” John guessed, looking at Sherlock with consideration in his eyes instead of anger.
Hello everyone! This took a bit longer, and I'm sorry!! But as I said, things can be a little bit delayed around this time of the year, but I hope it's alright <3. I hope you like this longer chapter as much as I did! Love you all <3//NightOfFanfics
strike?” Mycroft interrupted with a laugh. “So, what about that little mishap with your landlady which had Sherlock on the floor in distress from you raising your voice and hand at him?” Mycroft said and John frowned.
It was all just kissing, of course, even though John had to confess his trousers was fitting a bit more tightly towards the end of their heated moment when he realised they needed to get going to the next class. “I'll- I'll go first and then you okay?” John whispered, his forehead pressed against Sherlock's as he let out a trembling moan, not wanting to leave the tall young man just yet. But he couldn't be late for the next class either. He gave Sherlock another deep kiss on the lips before he headed out of the stall and out of the bathroom after correcting his hair in the mirror. “There, decent.” He said and opened the door, quickly setting the course to the next class.
“Sherlock, I'm not so sure about this.” John said when he met up with him by the big doors leading outside. Sherlock tilted his head. “Oh... You've changed your mind. That's... That's fair.” Sherlock said, but felt gutted. He had been looking forward to this all day and now John didn't want to go. John quickly shook his head. “No- No I've not changed my mind I just- I'm worried about it yeah? I'm not sure what your parents will think of me, I mean, as a friend.” He added quickly. Sherlock sighed. “John. My parents are kind. Almost too kind. I often wonder how me and my brother came from them, since neither of us are so... enthusiastic.” Sherlock nodded. “You'll be fine. But if you don't want to go, I will accept that too.” Sherlock said with a soft smile. John rubbed his neck, looking at Sherlock. “Fine then. I'll go. But if they turn on me you better be there to protect me.” John said and Sherlock chuckled. “Turn on you? By the end of the evening they'll wish you were their third son. Now come on Watson.” Sherlock smirked and started walking.
I'm sorry this is a little late, and I might be taking a trip these coming days, so I might be a bit slow as well! Don't worry though, I haven't abandoned this :)/NightOfFanfics
John hurried back to Mike, glancing over at Sherlock. “God he looks good in that shirt.” John murmured, louder than he had planned to do. Mike frowned. “What? Who? Sherlock?” He said and John blushed. “Uh, what?” He said and shrugged. “Yeah I mean, I mean that's a good shirt. The shirt looks good. I like the purple colour.” John said quickly and Mike shook his head and chuckled. “Are you a fashion guru now or something? What about my shirt? A bit black and plain but what do you say?” Mike said and John sighed in relief that Mike didn't seem to notice his slip up. His slip up that he didn't want to pay too much attention to. Why on earth did he comment on how Sherlock looked? That's silly... “Well the black of your shirt brings out the dark blackness that is the emptiness of your brain.” John teased and shielded himself when Mike went for a wrestling attack. “Mike!” John called and chuckled. Sherlock quickly looked towards them, frowning. Why did Mike get to wrestle and have fun with John and /he/ didn't? Sherlock sighed, trying to pay attention to what Molly was saying.
John laid back onto his pillow, not caring if he got crumbs all over himself. What good would a doctor be without good biology knowledge? At least he knew were all the internal organs were... Sort of. He groaned a little to himself once more, looking to his phone as it vibrated.
John sighed contently. Maybe things would work itself out then. He didn't care much for birthdays anyway. All you did was getting older, and he could see nothing good coming from that. His sister was older but none the wiser for it. He started eating his cereal, watching a rugby match on the telly. Maybe he could be England's next big rugby player. Who said he couldn't?
“You haven’t seen her at all? John- She’s one of your dearest friends-
Hello!
“Good, I’m glad to hear that… And Sherlock? You know I’m really really sorry right? I hope you can forgive me?” John nearly whispered, his voice as soft as it could be. Sherlock hummed softly before nodding.
“Uh, that’s interesting. Wow… Heh… Yeah, later then I… I should let you load, and, yep,” John stuttered awkwardly before getting to his feet slowly with another grunt. Sherlock nodded and got back into bed. “Wait-” John stopped Sherlock, pulling back the covers. “Now you lay down,” John instructed. Sherlock frowned a little, but hesitantly did as he was told. “And now this,” John said, moving the covers over Sherlock, tucking him in lightly, taking care not to tuck too much around the waist. “There, much better,” John smiled and nodded. “I… Should head back down then, g’night,” John said quickly and headed out of the bedroom swiftly.
Hey everyone!
“Sounds great… Thank you… You seem a bit… Lighter to your steps than when we last met,” Ella said pointedly and John blushed slightly. He sat down in his chair and gestured to the sofa for Ella, who still was looking at him closely to answer. John swallowed thickly and nodded, clutching his hands together.
“Look, I know you’re excited, but I’m worried about you getting hurt. If you slow down a little, we’ll be able to go out more times after this, and you’ll have time to see everything. Just keep to my side right now okay?” John explained and Sherlock nodded, staying close and wrapping his arm tightly around John’s.
The volume wavered up and down, making John flinch. “
He looked at the piece of technology laying before him, and he realised that Sherlock had somehow managed to become more than that. John reflected on the interaction at the odd lab, how concerned he had been for Sherlock’s well being. Of course, John was a very caring individual but, he hadn’t realized just how important Sherlock was already, until now. It both frightened him and excited him in a way. He thought… When he had gotten back, he was broken and was going to face a life alone forever. But now… Now it didn’t seem that way. Now he had Sherlock. And if he didn’t screw things up anymore, Sherlock would be there forever with him as well.
“John, I'm so so sorry,” Sherlock stuttered, almost too afraid to turn his head to look at John. John was blushing, but smiling softly. “Hey, it's alright. It's alright I'm fine Sherlock.” John promised, moving close and hugging Sherlock tightly. “They need to know either way, granted this was a bit of a shock maybe, but now it's over with.” John smiled and rubbed Sherlock's back encouragingly. Sherlock smiled and met John's gaze. “You're right. And you're not... You're not upset?” He asked once more just to be sure, and John nodded. “I'm not upset Sherlock. I'm not upset.” He said and moved closer.
strikes then. Two. You usually get three. I don’t- I don’t understand what is happening right now and I just want to know if Sherlock is okay,” John said firmly and Mycroft raised his eyebrow. The doctor seemed quite adamant, he would give him that at least.
not an
“Sherlock… Not
John sighed. Should he tell him now? No, that's probably not the best way to do it.
“I’m… Important to you?” Sherlock asked and John furrowed his brows before nodding.
Sherlock froze and tilted his head. /Sherl/? Why... Why did John call him that? Was it to mock him? Maybe he had been right about John all along.
It was still hot outside, and he much preferred the winter. Then he could wear his favourite thick coat and his navy scarf, something he felt rather safe in. Like... A shield of sorts. But right now all he could bear to have on was merely his black dress shirt, keeping it as buttoned up as possible of course. He glanced around, waiting for the car, spotting... someone at the bus stop. He squinted his eyes, and then huffed. It was that young man from earlier. What was he playing at anyway? Touching his books, smirking. Sherlock decided that he was probably just playing with him, toying with him like all the other bullies had done. Though, he didn't really look like someone that would bully a person. He was probably an idiot anyway. Who played sports in this heat? Sherlock quickly turned his head when he saw the other man looking his way. He didn't even know his name. He hopped into the car rather quickly, very ready to get home.
“I know. And I forgive you, John,” Sherlock said before closing his eyes, soft breaths leaving him, a slight metallic cracking noise coming from his body. John wondered if Sherlock was truly hurt, but he was relieved as well at being forgiven. If something had been wrong with Sherlock’s body, he was certain that that Mycroft bloke had taken care of it.
John laid in his bed staring up at the ceiling. Listening for… Something. Granted, he was hoping the loading thing wouldn’t sound like much but… It was deathly quiet. He narrowed his eyes, as if he could look through the ceiling with x-ray vision, though of course, he couldn’t… Maybe Sherlock could. Did he have x-ray vision? God, he hoped not. John rubbed his forehead with a sigh. Should he go upstairs and check on him? What if something had gone wrong again? John started feeling anxious, not for his usual reasons but for Sherlock…
“”I know. I wasn't mocking you Sherlock. I just wanted to... I don't know, be funny? I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. I won't call you Sherl. JW”” John promised, really though, he had called Sherlock that because he found that it sounded sweet in a way. But he didn't dare to say that.
Sherlock was wearing a big smile already, ready to go, but he frowned as he realised John was holding his cane. “I thought you had stopped with that thing. You don’t need it,” Sherlock shrugged and John tightened his lips together before clearing his throat.
A glimpse into John's life.
John backed off a bit, Sherlock's gaze looking quite... threatening. “Oh, uhm, sorry. It's John. John Watson.” John said and rubbed his neck a bit, quite stumped from the sudden ramble Sherlock had blurted out at him. Sherlock nodded. “Very well, John.” He said and shoved his books into the locker, none of them dropping this time. John sighed and opened his mouth to speak again but Sherlock interrupted him quickly. “I do find your presence highly irritating and I would be happy if you wouldn't stand there like some ignorant baboon that only knows how to chase an oddly shaped ball around. Why aren't rugby balls round like all the other ones?” Sherlock huffed. John blinked. “Woah woah woah, excuse me? What do you have against me mate?” John frowned, sounding quite upset. “I'm. Not. Your. Mate.” Sherlock spat out before closing the locker. “I have something against people trying to make fun of me, trying to toy with me, I do not appreciate it and I won't be accepting that either. So leave me be.” Sherlock snarled quickly and turned on his heel, starting to walk away from John. John stood there, frozen in place, dumbfounded. “What the hell is wrong with him?” He breathed to himself when Sherlock was too far away to hear him.
“Maybe both?” Sherlock admitted and John chuckled softly. Why not. He had promised Sherlock he would take him out and show him around anyway after not having him come to the store together with him. Now would be the perfect time.
“Who’s this then? Oh… Is this the reason you were shopping for two? Hmm, he is quite handsome, I can see why you tried to keep him a secret,” Mike smirked and John quickly spun around, biting his lower lip.
The first recess couldn't have come soon enough. John had never been so distracted during a class before, which really said a lot. He quickly stood up from his seat, stretching out a bit before shoving all of his books into his bag and heading towards the door swiftly. “I'll see you at the next class yeah?” John shouted over at Mike over all the noises in the classroom, quickly hurrying out of there to go search for Sherlock. He picked up his phone, sending him a quick text.
“I have no intention of opening up the umbrella so we should be alright, don’t you think, Dr. Watson?” The man spoke slowly, almost coyly in a way. John raised an eyebrow.
Sherlock gently slipped out of his shirt and trousers, slipping slowly into the pyjamas. His skin was pale, some beauty marks here and there adorning his skin. He had been designed to be quite beautiful, not ordinary or day-to-day looking as some androids were. Maybe Mr Holmes had been a bit old fashioned when designing Sherlock. Androids were supposed to blend in with the general population,
They came back to the table without much fuss, the bloke still being very apologetic but John quickly brushed him off. “It's alright okay? Let's just move on.” John said and smiled a little. He looked over at Sherlock, smiling as well. He really did look good wearing his shirt... He blushed and quickly cleared his throat, looking at his pizza. “I'll take a first bite and see if it's worthy your consumption.” John chuckled and took a slice and a big bite. He chewed for a bit, Sherlock watching him intently and curiously. “Hmm... Yep, perfect. Here.” He said and handed Sherlock a slice. Sherlock looked at it for a little while before taking a gentle nibble, John already grabbing his second piece. “How is it?” John said, speaking with his mouth full. But it wasn't in a disgusting manner, more a cute manner, Sherlock decided. He smiled and nodded. “It's good. Very salty though.” He said and took a sip from his newly poured glass of coke. John smiled. “Well, when you've ran for what feels like forever and you've been sweating like a pig, salt is nice.” He said and chuckled a little. Sherlock nodded shyly and continued eating his pizza to John's surprise.
I have no idea what I’m doing, you’re right. And there’s bound to be some hiccups. I was never informed that this would be a one strike and you're out sort of deal, and-”
“How’s a bloke-” John cleared his throat. “How’s a
John practically rushed into Mike’s room as soon as he entered the hospital and he stared down at Sherlock in a pile on the floor, seemingly lifeless. “What- What’s going- On- What- Is he alright?” John started breathing heavily and Mike put his hands on his shoulders.
“What are you thinking about? You're thinking too much.” Sherlock murmured finally, looking up at John with misty eyes, sitting up a bit better. John smiled and shook his head. “Nothing. It's fine.” John said and cupped Sherlock's cheek gently with his hand, stroking away some of the wetness that still lingered from the tears. Sherlock couldn't help but blush, and he nodded just a little. “Okay... If you say so...” He murmured, not sure he trusted that entirely, but if John said he would be fine, he wouldn't pry and perhaps make matters worse. John nodded. “I do say so. I was just thinking some stupid things, but I'm not thinking them anymore.” He promised with a smile and tilted his head a little. It was sort of true anyway. Sherlock looking up at him, looking so adorable, had made him forget all of his worries for now anyway. Sherlock shivered, a bit sweaty from sobbing and now feeling very cold. “Would... Would you mind if I took a bath? Or a shower, either is fine.” Sherlock requested softly. John sat up and shook his head. “No, not at all, you can have either. Whichever you enjoy the most.” John said and began getting out of the bed. “Come, I'll show you to the bathroom.” John said and took Sherlock's hand. He was used to it already, holding Sherlock's hand. It was maybe a bit silly, but he really really liked it. Sherlock smiled a little, thinking just the same as John did, squeezing the other's hand. He pottered after John, smiling as John opened the bathroom door. Sherlock was a bit picky with his bathrooms, but luckily, this was pretty nice compared to- not that the other parts of John's house wasn't nice, it was just... a little bit worn. An old, worn, and loved house. Sherlock smiled, watching as John opened a big wardrobe filled with newly washed towels and bathrobes. “Here's a nice towel,” John said and took it out, placing it neatly on a nearby counter. “, and you can borrow my bathrobe if you'd like.” John said, taking that out as well. 'Oh, but aren't you joining me?' Sherlock wished he had the guts to say, but he knew that /definitely/ was taking things too far. “Thank you, I love robes.” Sherlock said with a nod and a smile. John smiled back, scratching his neck. “I'll go see if I can find some clothes you can borrow. It's not going to be very nice if you have to put the old things back on.” John said and headed back to his room.
“”How did you know? You barely know me. You've just called me a ball chasing baboon and then minded your own business. JW”” John sent back with a soft smirk.
John laughed out loud, laying on his side. “God...” He murmured to himself, smiling at his phone as he typed.
“Right let's get going then.” John said as they joined up with everyone, a few of the team members eyeing Sherlock. A few of the blokes had their girlfriends with them, and some had their best friends coming along as well. Everyone seemed to be curious about who invited Sherlock and why. John frowned. “I said, let's go. Since when don't you listen to your captain.” John smirked and winked, making the team laugh and start walking. Sometimes he was glad he could manage to be charismatic enough to get his will through. John smiled back at Sherlock, making sure he was okay. “Did you text anyone at home so they know you'll be late? That your /ride/ will have to pick you up later?” John said pointedly. Sherlock frowned. “I... I texted my older brother, he knows. And... I don't always have a ride home John.” He said, thought that was pretty much a lie. He usually did. “Is there a problem with that?” He asked, quite confused and a bit miffed about John bugging him about that. John chuckled and shook his head. “I suppose not. I was just teasing you a bit.” John said and smiled as two of this teammates burst out laughing, everyone being in a very good mood after their successful game.
“Well then, you seem to know who I am, who the hell are you and where am I?” John said with a firm voice, glaring at the other. The man straightened up and cleared his throat.
“Here, have some crisps.” John said and put a bowl down, sitting down beside Sherlock for a moment. “I think we're done with most of the preparations now. We're ready for the guests. God knows how many Mike has invited. I don't even know half of them.” John sighed and looked tiredly at Molly. Molly giggled. “Well, you might know more of them by the end of the evening.” She said smartly and then smiled at Sherlock. “I just remembered, I had something to ask Mike. Excuse me.” She said and gave Sherlock a smile and a wink and hurried off to Mike, leaving the two on the sofa alone. John smiled and took a crisp, popping it in his mouth. He looked at Sherlock, feeling some awkward tension in the air that he wasn't sure how to cope with. “Uhm... You look good. I mean, the shirt looks good. On you. The shirt. Nice and... purple. Dark purple.” John stuttered out awkwardly, rubbing his neck, quickly putting another crisp in his mouth to shut himself up. Sherlock blushed deeply and squirmed a bit on the sofa. “Thank you... You look good too, with the shirt on you, of course.” He said and tried not to grin from the way John had stumbled on his words. John smiled. “Thanks.” He said and licked his lips. “So uhm... Maybe I should open the gift before more people arrive and everything becomes a bit more... loud.” John suggested and Sherlock nodded. “Oh- Okay.” Sherlock stuttered, slightly mortified by the prospect of John opening his gift. What if he hated it? Thought it was silly? Sherlock felt a knot form in his stomach but he kept his smile on as John headed to get the gift from the bedroom.
“I’m alright, John,” Sherlock said, his tinny voice softer and more like he was used to now. John smiled and nodded, his cheeks flushed all the way down to his neck.
When John woke up, he was somewhere else. Somewhere not familiar. John blinked his eyes open, looking around the fairly dimly lit room. He was laying in a comfy bed, the covers wrapped tightly around him as if he had been tucked in by someone. The more he came too though, the more a sense of uneasiness started to creep in. Where the hell was he? John flinched as a sliding door suddenly opened and a poshly dressed man walked into the room, using what seemed like an umbrella as a cane.
John beamed a little as he got the reply, even though he was quite tense and upset from everything that had happened that evening.
the manual? Of course you didn’t. Because if you had done so, it explicitly said that Sherlock shouldn’t mix with other androids. They’re
“I uh… I suppose so, yeah. It’s been… A whirlwind the last couple of days you can say that…” John said and sipped his tea. Ella nodded and smiled softly.
John slowly entered the bedroom, balancing everything on the tray. “Are you asleep again?” He asked softly, Sherlock stirring in the bed. “Nooo...” He said innocently, sitting up, blushing when he saw the spread John had prepared. There were toast with marmalade, cheese, lettuce and ham, and two steaming mugs of tea. “My favourite cup... You noticed...” Sherlock mumbled when John came close, blushing. John smiled and nodded. “Of course I noticed.” He said proudly with a grin, folding out the legs and placing it over Sherlock's lap. “There, breakfast fit for a king. Or a prince.” He said a winked cutely before getting back into bed slowly as to not disturb any of the contents on the tray. Sherlock smiled and blushed even more. “John... This is so nice... You didn't have to...” He said and moved close to John, stroking his cheek gently. John blushed and looked at Sherlock shyly. “Well... I just wanted to do something nice to you... It's the first time I've slept over here, with you.” He hummed and kissed Sherlock's cheek. “Go on then, let's eat up so we can have some extra snuggle time before school.” John said and smiled widely, taking a piece of toast.
“Why is a woman coming over to our home?” Sherlock questioned and John froze slightly, clearing his throat awkwardly.
“Yes, John?” Sherlock said simply and John sighed once more.
John put his clothes on swiftly, starting to look through the book before dinner. A knock at the door startled him though, and he sighed softly. “Who is it? I'm studying.” John said and leaned his head onto his hand. Mr. Watson opened the door, and John stiffened a little. “Good. I heard that is just what you need.” Mr. Watson said with a stern voice, sitting down in the chair by John's desk. John swallowed. “Yeah... This is a good book...” John mumbled quietly. Mr. Watson nodded, his expression changing quickly as he shifted positions to lean forward a bit. “Now you listen to me, I work a shitty job so I can keep this family afloat, and I'm not doing it to see my son fail, do you hear me?” Mr. Watson hissed. John nodded softly. “Yes dad.” He said but Mr. Watson huffed. “Yes... Sir.” John said and nodded a little once again. “That's better.” He said with a grumble in his voice. “I didn't leave for the army just to come home and be called 'dad' and what have you.” Mr. Watson said and stood up, limping slightly. “And I didn't get sent home a fool. I was injured.” He continued and John nodded, knowing the story all too well. “You are going to be a doctor John. That's all I'm asking of you. And if I hear you start whining about you being a so called 'captain' of your rugby team, then so help me God I will make sure you won't be able to play ever again.” He growled, standing close the bed now. “Is that understood?” He said and glared at John. John nodded. “Yes sir.” He said, feeling the alcohol on his father's breath. He started early today. Mr. Watson nodded. “Good. Good.” He said and patted John's shoulder. “Dinner will be ready in half an hour.” He said, and left John's bedroom.
Chapter 15 - I'm definitely not done with you.
I'm back! I will try to keep the updates more frequent again, hopefully once a day or something like that! I will try my best, thank you for waiting!!  This chapter is a longer one!! :)/NightOfFanfics
“I understand, I could use a re-charge as well. Thank you so much for the tea and the cucumber sandwich, I will be heading upstairs now, sir,” Sherlock said in a monotone voice as he stood from his seat, clearing off his plate and cup while John kept his eyes on him before nodding.
Sherlock was going to
When the doorbell rang, John swiftly instructed Sherlock to go to the bedroom and stay there until Ella left, to which Sherlock had questioned him in a very disgruntled manner, repeatedly, as he was being shoved towards John’s bedroom. “Look I promise- When me and Ella are done we’ll do something fun alright? Right,” John said and closed the door to the bedroom swiftly. John sighed and rushed off, while Sherlock stood on the other side of the door, sporting a very annoyed expression on his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
John smiled, reaching over when Mike wasn't looking to stroke Sherlock's back. Sherlock froze, blushing deeply, scooting just a little bit closer. “Well I should be heading to class, and so should you John.” Mike said and looked over at John who quickly let his hand slip down Sherlock's back to come rest by his side again. “Hmm? Mmm, yeah, let's go.” John said and smiled back at Sherlock. “Bye Sherlock, see you at recess yeah?” John said and did a cheeky wink before turning around to hurry to the class with Mike.
“Look, Sherlock, listen to me alright? She’s a friend of mine, and she’s in a bit of a panic because her bathroom pipe busted open and she needs my help. I’m close by and so is Mike’s office, and I don’t- I don’t want you to be near all that water. I know you said you’re waterproof but-” John sighed as Sherlock seemed to look more and more upset. “Sherlock, why don’t you go visit Mike? You can visit him and his… Android… Friends… Yeah? You said you liked him, and I won’t be gone for long, I know what to do to stop it momentarily and then I’ll come back and get you and we can go have lunch at the café yes?” John tried desperately. Sherlock shifted a bit on his feet. He didn’t want John to go. He was supposed to follow him everywhere especially to new places and it seemed he hadn’t met this friend in a while and… And Sherlock was equally as worried about John but John would never understand that.
Sherlock’s eyes slipped closed and he leant his head against John’s chest, taking a deep breath, the sound of various mechanical and digital noises emitting from Sherlock’s body as he settled in John’s arms.
“I uh, I was just… Wondering if you were alright. If you were asleep, or uh, loading fine. I got a bit worried I suppose…” John murmured quietly.
Sherlock froze as he realised John was coming towards him. Though the blonde seemed to be smiling still, so he wasn't mad at him. Molly stood beside him, smiling as well. “Congratulations!” She cheered, Sherlock having only just opened his mouth, frowning angrily that she had managed to congratulate John before he had. John smiled and gave her a hug. “Cheers Molls.” John said and pulled back with a grin. “Sherl.” He said and chuckled. “So you stayed then. I didn't think you would.” John said and looked at Sherlock with soft, happy eyes. Sherlock blushed deeper, looking down at his feet a bit. “I did... It was... enjoyable.” He said and nodded. “Oh, and, congratulations, John.” Sherlock mumbled shyly. John chuckled and rubbed his sweaty neck. “Thanks.” He said and smiled softly. “So are you going to celebrate then?” Molly said and ruffled John's sweaty hair. Sherlock looked up quickly. Why was she allowed to do that and not him? Jealousy bubbled through his veins. John nodded. “Yeah we're going to a nearby pizza place. Me and the team and a few other people.” John said and smiled. Molly nodded. “Sounds like great fun.” She smiled. “I should be going though, need to study. Ta, and congrats once again.” She said and patted John's shoulder before heading off.
“John. He’s working for the government. I think neither you nor I can hide from that, confidentiality statement or not,” Ella said with a raised eyebrow back at John, who blushed slightly and took the file back from Ella with a flick of his wrist. His eyes scanned the file once more and he sighed to himself.
John closed his eyes as well. A nap couldn’t hurt and it was still quite early in the afternoon. He felt himself getting more and more tired as the adrenaline from everything that had happened slowly left his body, and soon he was sleeping soundly with his arms tucked around Sherlock, holding him tightly in his sleep.
“Really? Oh! Oh let’s go right away then!” Sherlock said eagerly and John quickly took his hand.
“You have done some other questionable things, but I knew your relationship to each other wouldn’t be anything but rocky. So… Fine. Two strikes,” Mycroft agreed before sighing. “Bring him in,” Mycroft called and suddenly, Sherlock was slowly led inside of the room. Sherlock’s gaze was fixed to the ground, as if learning to walk again, which it kind of appeared as if he was doing. He wasn’t walking well, stumbling, his feet stepping on each other, and whoever was guiding him had a firm grip. John’s eyes were wide and he tried to untangle himself from the covers.
“Sherlock- You’re very strong you know-” John croaked out and Sherlock lessened the pressure, but only very slightly, still keeping himself tangled around John and as close as possible.
“”Home, the bus seat made my bum a bit sore, but other than that I'm fine. Hope you're safe and home as well. JW””
Mrs. Holmes suddenly burst into the room. “Sherlock did you do- Oh- Oh!” She exclaimed and John's cheeks were impossibly red by now. “Mummy!” Sherlock complained, sitting up and running a hand through his hair. Mrs. Holmes was blushing too, but smiling brightly. “Sorry sweetie, I didn't think- I- I didn't know-” She stuttered and Sherlock grumbled to himself. Mycroft. Mycroft could've bloody told her but no, this was of course much more fun for the older brother. “It's okay mother...” Sherlock said and sighed softly. She smiled and nodded. “Hello John.” She said softly and John quickly smiled up at her. “Hello Mrs. Holmes, it's nice to meet you again.” He said awkwardly and cleared his throat, playing with the covers a bit to distract himself. “Did you two eat something yet?” She asked, concerned of course. Sherlock nodded. “We did mother, we had some left over Chinese food.” Sherlock said and Mrs. Holmes tutted with a smile. “Oh dear, sorry John.” She said and sighed fondly. John smiled and shook his head. “No, no don't be sorry. It's quite alright. Chinese is my favourite food actually, so don't worry about it.” John said and looked up at Mrs. Holmes. She nodded and clasped her hands, far to curious about all of this. “Mother, please?” Sherlock said and nodded to the door. “Oh... Oh! Of course I'll- I'll leave you two boys alone now.” She said quickly and winked at Sherlock, exiting the room and closing the door behind her.
Sherlock stomped in his steps, heading towards the next classroom. “No John! You are being unfair!” Sherlock yelled but soon enough, John managed to catch up to them. He took Sherlock's hand, stopping him in his steps. “I'm sorry.” John said and stroke Sherlock's hand with his thumb. “I'm sorry okay? I... I am happy for you. Of course I want you to be excited about us. I was just shocked because we talked about-” “Well like Molly said she already knew I liked you. And I was just excited to tell her that it finally happened.” Sherlock said and looked into John's eyes. “What happened?” Suddenly a voice was heard, and both John and Sherlock's heads turned to the side. Mike. John swallowed and Sherlock quickly glanced over at him. “I... I finally got into the ballet school I wanted to get into.” Sherlock said quickly, making John frown a little. “Ballet?” John and Mike said in unison and Sherlock nodded. “Yes, ballet. Dancing. I do that in my freetime.” Sherlock said and held his head up high. Mike smiled. “Oh, well uh, congrats then.” He said and patted Sherlock's shoulder. John was still holding onto Sherlock's hand though, a bit dumbfounded by that. If it was a lie, it was a pretty good lie since Sherlock was keeping a straight face rather easily. The three of them stood there rather awkwardly before Mike spotted another friend, hurrying over to him. John looked at Sherlock, tilting his head. “You are pretty good at lying, perhaps I should be concerned.” John said with a soft smile playing on his lips. Sherlock blushed, pulling his hand back from John's. “I /wasn't/ lying, John. I do dance ballet in my freetime. I just didn't get into any fancy school. That was a lie.” Sherlock said and started walking away again. John sighed. “Hey, you... You didn't have to do that.” John said and took Sherlock's hand once more. Sherlock shrugged. “What was the other option then? Telling him the truth and having you freaking out on me again? I'm tired of that John.” Sherlock said truthfully and John nodded. “You're... You're right and I'm sorry that you are. I just don't want anything bad to happen...” John murmured. Sherlock sighed in frustration and shook his head. “Nothing bad will happen, John. Nothing. I promise.” Sherlock said sincerely. John didn't believe that one bit, but he nodded his head. “Okay...” He mumbled and Sherlock's gaze trailed away from John. “You don't believe me. I can tell. But I would never allow something bad to happen to you John. Never.” Sherlock said and placed a gentle hand on John's chest. “I would never allow it.” He said softly and looked back up into John's eyes. John bit his lip, nodding his head once more. “I know you wouldn't.” He said, though doubted Sherlock would be able to hold that promise. He placed his hand over Sherlock's that was on his chest, holding it there for a moment, not realising Mike was watching from afar. Mike frowned, walking back up to them. “What's going on?” He said with a frown. Sherlock blushed, quickly removing his hand. John shrugged. “Not much, just talking to Sherlock.” John said and bit his lip. Mike frowned deeper. “Didn't look like just talking to me. You- You looked like something out of one of those cheesy romantic films on the telly that I'd rather would punch a wall instead of watching.” Mike muttered. “It didn't look like that to me.” Molly said quickly, trying to distract him. “Well I suppose you should find a suitable wall then, preferably one with padding. Because I'm with Sherlock now. Hope that's alright with you. And sometimes, yeah, we'll look and behave like those people you hate in cheesy romantic films, so don't punch too many holes in your wall yeah?” John said and took Sherlock's hand. “Come on Sherl, I need a snack.” John said and squeezed Sherlock's hand tightly, giving a rather shocked Mike a glance back before heading straight ahead to the cafeteria.
John smiled. So he had proved him wrong. Even if it was just a little. John couldn't help but feel a bit proud. Seemed like Sherlock wasn't the type of bloke that was proven wrong often.
John took a few more crisps, smiling over at Sherlock. “I like it when you laugh.” John said softly, looking at the taller teen. “It's so different from how you usually are, smart and a bit strict. That's why it's so brilliant when you let go like that.” John said and Sherlock's cheeks were heating up quickly. “I... Thank you...” Sherlock mumbled softly. “I like when you laugh as well, because I know what difficulties you face every day with your family which makes it even more special when you do laugh.” Sherlock said, trying to be sweet but it came out a bit wrong. John looked down at his hands. “Yeah... Yeah I guess so...” He mumbled and Sherlock rubbed his neck. “Sorry, I didn't do it as well as you did. The compliment thing.” Sherlock sighed and John smiled. “It's fine. I know what you meant still. I know that sometimes the things you say can come out wrong, and it's fine. Hell, it's hard to make things come out right all the time, especially with such a busy and amazing mind that you have.” John said and popped a crisp in his mouth. Sherlock had to look away, his blush darkening. He was not used to getting so many compliments in a row, and he had no idea how to handle them. Usually people got angry, thought he was annoying, but John... John understood him. John tilted his head, watching Sherlock being turned away from him, realising he must've gone over a boundary. “This telly show is really dumb, I mean, all they do is fighting and go to the spa and-” “Thank you John.” Sherlock said quickly to interrupt the other, knowing John was trying to change the subject because he thought it was too much for him to handle. “Thank you. You are the most amazing friend I've ever had, and I'm forever thankful that you take the time to understand me even though I've hurt you many times already. Usually I deduce something about a new friend and the next day they are not my friend anymore. But you're still here. And that means the world to me.” Sherlock finished, his voice soft and earnest throughout the whole speech. “You're a special and wonderful man John Watson, and I mean that with all my heart.” He said and now John was just as red in the face as Sherlock were. John had been a good friend to many, but no one had ever thanked him for it. John's eyes were getting a bit misty, which was unacceptable of course. “Come here silly.” He said and pulled Sherlock into a warm hug, because he wanted to, and also to hide his misty eyes. “We're here for each other, and that's what's so special.” John said and sighed happily. Sherlock held John firmly, nosing just a little at his neck, his eyes falling shut. He could stay in John's embrace forever. It was so warm, so protective, and not in the outrageous way Mycroft was protective of him. Though he knew John could probably be that way too, given the situation. John pulled back, stroking away a stray curl from Sherlock's forehead with a smile. “Your curls are so unruly sometimes.” John hummed softly. Sherlock smiled. “Mostly when I forget to use conditioner.” Sherlock replied and they both burst into soft chuckles, smiling at each other from ear to ear.
John hurried up to his bedroom, getting inside quickly and slumping down onto the bed. The little house was quiet, and John was quite content about that. Though, he winced as there was a soft knock on his door. “Yeah?” John said and the door opened just a little. “Happy birthday rugby-brain.” Harry murmured before shutting the door gently. John blushed. “Thanks...” He murmured, seeing the door open a bit more. “Mum and dad might've forgotten but I haven't. I'm your bloody sister. Can't forget the day you were born and poisoned my life forever.” She said but smirked softly, leaning against the wall. John chuckled. “Cheers sis.” He said and propped himself up on his elbows a bit. Harry nodded and sighed. “I brought you something. More for fun really. I know you're too old for these.” She said and chucked a small packet of rugby player trading cards in a foil wrapper onto the bed. “You loved these when you were little.” She said and smiled. John picked up the little packet, blushing, his eyes wide. He did remember that he loved them, and he couldn't believe his sister had been so thoughtful. “Harry.... Thank you so much...” He mumbled and looked up at her with misty eyes and a smile. She rolled her eyes. “Don't get all sentimental on me, you won't get a gift next time if you do. Go on, open 'em and let's see what you got.” She said and sat down on the bed. She watched as John nodded and very gently began to open the cards. “So... Where were you all evening anyway? I promise I won't tell.” She said and looked up at John. John bit his lip. “I was with my new friend Sherlock. His... His family decided to celebrate my birthday by taking me out for dinner. They're really nice.” He said with a nod. Harry smirked and chuckled. “Your /friend/ huh?” She said and John frowned. “What's that supposed to mean? Yes, my friend, what about it?” John said, a bit defensive. Harry shook her head. “Nah, nothing, I'll let you find that out on your own, just like I did.” She said and ruffled John's hair before she stood up and started to walk to the door. John frowned deeper. “What do you mean 'like you did'? What's that supposed to mean? Harry!” John huffed when Harry closed the door. “'Like I did'...” John repeated quietly to himself, putting the cards back into the foil packet and into a secure drawer in his nightstand.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, tapping quickly on his phone.
“John- I- Little help here-?” Ella croaked out, and John knew first hand how strong Sherlock’s grip could be. John moved quickly up to Sherlock and wrapped his arms around his waist, tugging him loose from Ella.
Sherlock closed his eyes as he rested, his breathing becoming more and more even, along with his heartbeat. The touches to his hair helped immensely, and so did John's steady chest rising and falling underneath him. This was perfect really, and even though the way he got here had been very traumatic, he was happy that he was laying in John's arms right now. John was very happy as well. He was happy he had managed to protect Sherlock in the end, that he had scared that Victor guy off and that he had managed to show off a bit in front of Sherlock. He wished he had been there sooner still, but he tried to let that go and focus on what they were doing now. Which, quite frankly, was cuddling. Cuddling in bed. John was cuddling in bed with a man. With Sherlock. John could feel his cheeks getting a dark pink shade as he thought about it, but... it didn't /bother/ him. He was cuddling in bed with another man and it /didn't bother him/. John thought back to his sister's teasing last night, and blushed even deeper. John quickly cleared his throat. “Do- Do you want some cake and tea?” He asked Sherlock, trying to think about something else. Sherlock perked up a bit at that and looked up at John. “Yes, I'd love some cake-... Why are you so red in the face?” Sherlock asked with a frown and John let out a nervous laugh. “Oh, nothing, uhm,” John stuttered, rubbing his neck. Sherlock couldn't help but smile. John was blushing, likely because of him, and it was adorable. Utterly adorable. “Good. Then we shall have cake.” Sherlock said, deciding not to focus on the obvious blushing to make John embarrassed or uncomfortable. Sherlock reluctantly sat up a bit better, fluffing up a pillow beside John so that he could sit up easier and enjoy his cake. John smiled and took the large plate which had two pieces on it. “Now, you keep to your piece and don't steal a bite of mine okay? Otherwise we will have a little domestic.” John teased and grabbed one of the spoons, handing the other to Sherlock. Sherlock corrected his curl behind his ear and giggled a little. “Alright, deal, as long as you don't steal a bite of mine.” He said and grinned back at John, feeling a little better already.
When morning came, Sherlock was slowly beginning to wake up before John, grumbling softly in his semi-asleep state. “Mmmm...” He hummed, squirming around a little until he found John's arms, nestling up against him. Sherlock smiled to himself, not really awake, but not really fully asleep either. John let out a deep breath, turning around towards Sherlock. He frowned though when he felt something laying so close, and his eyes slowly opened. He blushed. Had Sherlock moved closer? Well, he definitely had, he could see it of course. And feel it too. John tilted his head, yawning. “Sherlock?” He murmured quietly. Sherlock didn't respond, but what he did was slowly wrapping his arms around John's middle, humming softly. John blushed deeply. Christ. This was... different. Different, yes, very much so. He swallowed a little, biting his lip. “Sherlock, are you awake?” He asked softly once more, not wanting to wake up the taller man, but also wondering if Sherlock was doing this in his awake state. Sherlock stirred a little, squeezing John tighter. “Hmm?” He said and eventually cracked open his eyes. He smiled. “Good morning John-” Sherlock froze, realising he was nestled up like a- like a- like a needy /something/. He shouldn't be doing this. He quickly untangled himself and backed away, smiling shyly. “I... Sorry...” Sherlock muttered. “Not... Not used to having someone sleeping beside me... I guess I... I get a bit... cuddly... I didn't know...” Sherlock rambled, sighing softly to himself. John blushed and smiled back. “Nah, it's alright.” He said and shrugged. “If I moved about in my sleep then I'm sure I would've done the same. It's probably just uhm... natural instinct or something like that. Like... Like cavemen probably did, to keep warm and... stuff.” John murmured and rubbed his neck. “We don't have to get up yet, we can sleep in if you'd like, it's Sunday morning after all.” John said and curled up a bit more. Sherlock nodded, still quite mortified about waking up all snuggled up like that. But John... John didn't seem angry. He didn't seem angry at all. Had something... changed?
Who's the twat now?
Chapter 29 -  He's just a bit nervous really
“He does! And, he lets me try all kinds of food, and yesterday he gave me a gift, and he was worried about me charging alright, and-”
The only thing that mattered now was the flustered phone call from Mike. John trying to understand what had happened. John feeling his heart sink when all he could think of was if Sherlock was alright. John grabbing his coat and rushing out in such a speed he forgot his cane at Molly’s on the way out.
Chapter 26 - You think I'm beautiful?
“Where is it!! It’s here somewhere!! I’ll find it and I’ll end you!!” Sherlock growled out, his tinny voice sounding every louder and more hollow when his voice was raised. The other android looked frightened, and before he could resist, Sherlock had followed the immense electric pulse to the android’s neck and he pushed harshly, causing it to shut down. The grip the android had on Sherlock came loose and he laid on the floor motionless, Sherlock breathing heavily on top of him.
Why does she have to be here
John's face turned into a deep shade of red. It was now or never, he thought, even though that probably wasn't true. He lowered his fork, gazing upon Sherlock's beautiful face. Sherlock frowned a little. “Come on then, I want to taste this delicious cake as well.” Sherlock said and parted his lips again. John smiled. “Sorry, of course you do. Here it comes.” John said and lowered his fork, and instead of giving Sherlock the bite of cake, John leaned forward and placed his lips onto Sherlock's. He closed his own eyes, just in time so that he missed Sherlock's own eyes opening wide, almost in panic. But Sherlock didn't pull back. He let his lips rest against John's, slightly intertwined since his own lips was parted. John's lips were so soft, so warm, and more amazing than he could've ever imagined them to be. He let out a soft little happy whine, and John pulled back slightly. “Was that a good noise?” He asked, wanting to make sure, panting just a little. Sherlock nodded, his cheeks a dark red colour. “It- It was- I think- That- John- You-” Sherlock stuttered, biting his lip that was still warm from the kiss. John blushed and nodded. “Was that okay?” He asked, wanting to be sure. Sherlock nodded quickly once more. “Yes- Yes very okay I- I just wasn't expecting it-” Sherlock said, fiddling with his fingers. John smiled. “Well... That was kind of the point.” He said and chuckled softly, Sherlock breaking out into a shy smile. “Ah, I see.” Sherlock said, giggling as well. “Well... Either way... I liked it, a lot.” Sherlock admitted, squirming a bit. “It... It was my first one...” Sherlock said, biting his lip more.  “First- First kiss? That was your first kiss?” John said and Sherlock nodded. “Yes... Yes it was...” He said shyly, looking up at John. John blushed deeper. He couldn't believe it. But at the same time as he was baffled, he felt relieved that he was Sherlock's first kiss. He felt special. Very special. John took Sherlock's hand, holding it gently between both of his own. “I would be lying if I said it was my first kiss too, but, it was my first kiss with a bloke. And I'm so happy it was with you.” John said and smiled at Sherlock shyly, tilting his head. Sherlock blushed and nodded. Of course he knew he wasn't John's first kiss, but what followed next made his heart warm either way. He was John's first proper kiss with another man.  He smiled shyly. “I'm happy my first kiss was with you too.” Sherlock said and moved a bit closer. “Can... Can we do it again? And this time, I'll be ready for it.” Sherlock said with a big grin.
“It doesn’t matter
“Mike is your human?” The android asked and Sherlock shook his head. “Oh… Someone else then… What are your tasks? Cleaning? Cooking? Butlering?” The android continued and Sherlock was getting agitated, clutching his hands into fists.
John was starting to recover, his hands not trembling as much as before. “I'm sorry, I'm so so sorry.” John murmured and Sherlock quickly shook his head. “Don't be. You have nothing to be sorry for. Nothing.” Sherlock said and wrapped John in a tight hug, squeezing him against his chest. Mike sighed. “Your brother is mental.” Mike muttered and shook his head, standing up slowly. Sherlock sighed. “Overprotective is the right word...” Sherlock murmured and pulled back, looking at John. He could still see the fear and stress in John's eyes, his gaze not fully focused. John sighed and closed his eyes, leaning back against the wall. “I... I just want to get some rest...” John murmured, feeling tired after all the chaos and very done with his birthday party. Mike nodded. “I can get you a cab home John, and Sherlock you can sleep here if you'd like.” Mike assured him with a smile. Sherlock tried to smile back, but knew he probably didn't do it very well. “Oh.... Right... Thank you...” Sherlock said, looking back at John. John shook his head. “You can come home with me if you'd like. My dad's not home for the weekend. He left this afternoon to meet some old army friends.” John said and looked up at Sherlock. “Only if you want of course. Or you can stay here if you feel safer.” John mumbled, taking a deep breath. Sherlock nodded quickly. “I'll- I'll come with you. I want to go with you. Please.” Sherlock said and John couldn't help but smile a little. “Then you'll go with me.” John nodded and tried to stand up slowly with Mike's help. “We'll still need that cab though.” John nodded to Mike and Mike grabbed his phone, calling for a cab for Sherlock and John.
For the rest of the day, John sat by his laptop, slowly tapping away on the keyboard. Sherlock sat stiffly on the sofa, looking around himself, pondering. “Do you have a lot of friends John? Do you feel lonely too? Me and Mrs. Hudson does… Well, I don’t as much now that I have you, and neither does she,” Sherlock said suddenly with a soft smile at John. John frowned and glanced up from his laptop, gently closing it about halfway.
“He does?” He hummed and looked back at Mike. He nodded a little and relaxed. “Nice to meet you, Mike,” Sherlock nodded but didn’t hold out his hand. He glanced at the pastry on his plate, drizzled over with some chocolate. “What’s that?” He asked and Mike smiled.
Sherlock could feel tears starting to prickle in his eyes. He was just so stupid, so weak, so... unlovable. Harry slowly walked back to the living room, listening in to the conversation of course. She sighed and sat down beside Sherlock on the sofa. “Hey... He'll be okay, don't worry about it Sherlock.” She encouraged with a soft smiled. Sherlock sniffled, starting to rub at his eyes. “I just- I just- I just didn't want to say something wrong and yet I made it all wrong and I'm- I'm so sad-” Sherlock stuttered and sniffled. Harry sighed. “My brother can be such an idiot sometimes.” She said, getting quite frustrated. “Nope, this is not how it's going to end.” She said and stood up, taking  Sherlock's hand as he sniffled. “N- No- No I'm crying John can't see me crying he-” Sherlock tried but Harry didn't listen, instead she started pulling him upstairs and storming into John's bedroom. John quickly looked up from his hands. “Hey you can't just-” “Oh I can.” Harry interrupted. “Look at him! He's bawling his eyes out about you! Why are you so bloody thick little brother? You want to talk? No, you need to listen. You fancy Sherlock. Sherlock fancies you. You don't have to label yourself gay or whatever in case that makes you nervous right now, but this-” She pointed to Sherlock. “-this is not okay. You are messing with his feelings and not taking into consideration what he thinks is difficult. You need to think about Sherlock's feelings more, even though you're confused as all hell.” Harry snapped. Sherlock was shaking, not at all sure how this would end and not liking the raised and angry voice of John's sister. John looked up at the two, his throat thick as he tried to swallow. “I- I'm sorry I-” “'I'm sorry' is not enough John.” Harry interrupted him once again. “It's not rocket science John. I know it's different, and I know it's new. And eventually, maybe Sherlock will be able to talk, but he will only be able to talk if you show him you're not going to just explode at every single little misstep.” She sighed deeply. John nodded. Harry was right. God... He hated when Harry was right. “I... I understand. And you're right... I'm sorry Sherlock, even though that's not enough, but I promise I'll try to not explode like that...” John mumbled and stood up, moving to Sherlock and pulling him into a big warm hug. Sherlock sobbed, leaning into the embrace with his whole body, sobbing some more. “It's- It's okay- Sorry- Sorry that I can't talk or- or give you the- the answers you need-” Sherlock sobbed and stuttered. John sighed and looked up at his sister. “I can wait with the talking until you feel more comfortable talking with me about... about our relationship, and I don't need all the answers right now. That would probably take the fun out of it, wouldn't it?” John said, trying to joke a little to lighten the mood. Sherlock was blushing. /Their relationship/. He felt his heart skip a beat, suddenly so incredibly happy in the middle of his sadness. He nodded. “It would take the fun out of it-” Sherlock sniffled and nodded, burying his face in John's chest. John sighed fondly. “Thanks Harry...” John murmured but was very sincere. Harry nodded, ruffling John's hair. “You're welcome. Maybe I'm the brilliant one.” She said and winked with a smile, leaving the bedroom.
“”Good night Sherlock, sleep tight. See you tomorrow yeah? JW””
“”Hey, I hope I'm not waking you up or anything. I just wanted to thank you for the book suggestion. It's really good. JW””
Mrs. Holmes watched as John left, her eyes still a bit watery. “Oh... He's such a nice young man.” She cooed when she knew John couldn't hear her. Mr. Holmes smiled and nodded. “Yes, he sure is. I found the cake.” He said and began cutting two big pieces for Sherlock and John. Mrs. Holmes hummed happily and continued making the boys some tea.
“No no her coming here is fine-” Sherlock interrupted quickly as he was presented with the second option.
John soon came back with the bag and sat back down, Mike and Molly eyeing them from the kitchen area which was not too far away from the living room. “Right.” John said and pulled up the neatly wrapped box. His eyes widened a bit. “Did you wrap this? It's amazing. A bow and everything.” John said, quite impressed and even more red in the face now. He couldn't remember last time he had received such a nicely wrapped gift. Sherlock nodded. “I... I did wrap it. I'm glad you like it.” He said shyly and curled up a bit on the sofa, watching as John opened it carefully. John got into the box and slowly pushed away the thin decorative paper that kept it safe. “Well, what is it then?” Mike called from the kitchen, curious to see what Sherlock had bought. John blushed deeply. “It's... It's an old rugby ball.” John managed to get out, his eyes wide as he looked at the old piece of sporting equipment. It looked very old. And it was very beautiful. “I... Sherlock... That's so thoughtful of you...” John said softly, running his hand over the old leather. “I can't believe you did something like this for me.” John said and glanced up at Sherlock, who's cheeks were now matching John's shade of red. “I... I just wanted to give you something nice. You only turn eighteen once...” Sherlock said softly, smiling. The reaction on John's face was far better than anything he could've ever wished for, and his heart was very warm. “You can pick it up, it might be old but it's still sturdy.” Sherlock said softly and John nodded, gently picking it up and holding it in his hands. He turned it over, and his eyes widened further.
Thanks for reading!
Chapter 23 -  That's the special part
“Because… It’s easier without it?” Sherlock questioned and John closed his eyes for a moment.
much better really…” John hummed to himself quietly before taking his jacket, throwing it on, rolling and stuffing the file carelessly in his inside pocket before he headed out the door.
Chapter 30 - Come on Sherl, I need a snack
“Yes. Sherlock. Mike, was it?” Sherlock said with a tense voice and Mike tilted his head at the hostility. John placed a croissant in front of Sherlock that Mike had brought before placing a hand on Sherlock’s arm.
John clenched his jaws before chewing on his bottom lip slightly. After a brief moment, he let out a light chuckle. He gripped the arms of the chair slightly before clearing his throat.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We can stay at home for today, that’s alright, and tomorrow we’ll start a new day and we’ll do everything we set out to do today yeah?” John said before slowly shifting Sherlock off his lap and getting out of the bed.
Sorry this is a day late! I couldn't decide how to write the ending to this chapter, which you will see is very special indeed <3. And it turns out that today when I read it through, I wanted to change it, so it was a good thing I waited! I hope you'll love it just as much as I do! Have a wonderful rest of the week, and Happy Thanksgiving to everyone celebrating it!/NightOfFanfics
Meanwhile, not too far away, Sherlock was sitting by a desk, reading a few different books and taking notes. He instantly recognized John's voice, and was just as surprised to see him in the library as the librarian was. John walked along the bookcase, trying to find the right books that he needed. By the time he got to the end of it, he spotted Sherlock by the desk. Sherlock looked up as well, meeting John's gaze. John nodded. “Sherlock.” He said softly, looking back to the shelf. Sherlock nodded. “John.” He muttered quietly, looking back down into his books. John's gaze flickered back to Sherlock, tilting his head a bit to see what Sherlock was reading. “You're stuck in biology too then.” He said and smiled a little. Sherlock shrugged. “No, I'm taking advanced classes in biology and chemistry. Not stuck. Just better.” Sherlock said and turned a page. John nodded. Of course he was. He had to bite his lip to not say something along the lines of “smarty pants” or “just because you are rich and can afford extra tutoring”. He would've done it jokingly of course, but he had a hunch Sherlock wouldn't get that.
Sherlock nodded, but was sad that the arm around his waist had disappeared. He sighed fondly and walked over to Mycroft to help him make tea. His brother looked at him curiously, tilting his head. “You and John are getting close very quickly.” Mycroft murmured quietly. Sherlock nodded, looking over as John stretched his toned body to put the next plate of food into the microwave. “We are, but not quickly enough-” Sherlock breathed but then shut his mouth quickly when he realised he was talking to his brother, and he shouldn't say that sort of thing to him. Mycroft cleared his throat. “Mmm... I can see that. Just... Uhm... You know. Be safe.” Mycroft said with a knowing look before slipping out of the kitchen with his tea. Sherlock frowned, tilting his head. /Be safe/? What was that supposed to mean- Oh. /Oh/. Sherlock blushed furiously, running a hand through his curls. He knew exactly what Mycroft meant by that.
