“With
“And risk you biting my head off for waking you up?” Steve said with a scoff.  He’d done that once, and Tony hadn’t spoken to him for a day. “No thanks.” “I’m not that—Okay, maybe I am that bad,” Tony amended.
“Didn’t work out?”
She whistles lowly. “That son of a bitch actually did it.”
“I love you, too,” Tony replied automatically.
“Excuse me?” Tony cut in, mildly offended.  “Why am
The thing is: Tony isn’t sure of what exactly prompted him to name the first one.
…and because Steve tries his hardest to forget they exist in the first place.
“Coffee?” Tony offers as he puts the bowl full of batter on the counter and lowers the heat of the griddle–the tension in Bucky’s face and shoulders gives Tony the feeling that the man is here for business.
Steve peers at him through half-lidded eyes. “Like what?” He’s still working on catching his breath, and Tony takes pride in the fact that he can do that to Steve.
the one that wanted to date me, remember?
Originally posted
“I’m not saying the innocent forties schoolboy charm isn’t adorable—because it most
“We didn’t actually
really
“Six, father?” Steve inquires.
“No, you’re not."
He remembers the first time he looked into those eyes—
“Shh, I’ve got you,” Steve promised, wrapping Tony’s legs around his waist.
Tony makes a sound of approval. “I like where this is going.”
,” he says, and clenches both his hands just above his bellybutton. “It makes me feel so good.  I’d make you laugh all the time if I could.”
He turns over on his side and finds himself face to face with Steve, and the events of the previous night slowly come back to him.
“I went to Amora,” Tony informed.
Once again, Tony isn’t sure what it is that comes over him, but he pulls Steve down by the collar of his shirt and kisses him.
“Now, that’s just hurtful.”  The doors slid open and he stepped out of the elevator and out under the fluorescents of the garage. “What about—”
tell us if you go on an actual date with someone,” Clint said.
me… to… to you.” He chides himself for his lack of tact. “I—I mean you guys were…”
“We promise nothing but the utmost discretion.”
Sam gapes. “Oh, come on! You guys knew and didn’t tell me?!” he hisses after them, obviously offended that he hadn’t been told.
“Sure, but I can’t promise how much of it I’ll actually get to watch.”
of them?
“If you ask me if I’m sure one more time, I’m going to finish off by myself in the bathroom,” Steve snapped, but the last few words got caught in his throat when Tony circled his hips.
"Tony, whatever it is, you can tell me,” Steve urges. “You’re my best friend, and I want to help."
“I’m perfectly aware that this isn’t my wedding,” Tony shot back indignantly.
“It isn’t very polite to interrupt other people’s dates,” Ty snaps.
"It ended a year later—”
Prompt: The serum stops working while they're both still fairly young and Tony bargains with a demon or an asgardian or something to give half his life to Steve.  He won't live past seventy, but at least he'll have that much time with Steve beside him. And Steve is so MAD because Tony is literally killing himself for Steve.
already gave me lectures.  Months ago, actually.”  He’s perfectly aware of the power and influence Steve’s friends have–how they could all make Tony disappear without a trace in five seconds flat.
“And you didn’t bother correcting them?” Tony said dubiously.
Tony shifted in his arms, burrowing his face in Steve’s chest, his arm clutching at the thin cotton of Steve’s t-shirt.
be like this forever.”
under his breath, and then hissing in pain when Natasha and Bruce elbow his side.  Thor brings his own drink to his lips, quietly observing as he lounges on the couch.
original post... Idk why. Oh, well...
“Because I’ll leave you!” Tony yelled.
“Fine.”
“Guilty as charged.”
"Whoa, I have
“Me too.”  Tony immediately regretted the lackluster response.  “I feel the same way, I mean, about you,” he backtracked. “But you deserve more than I could ever give you.”
"And when I came by the other day, you took in four cars: all of which, aren’t in this shop anymore,” Steve continues, gesturing to the empty side of the garage.
, damn it, and all he wants to do is shout it from the rooftops.
,” Bruce pointed out.
“You do that every day,” Tony murmurs. “All of you.  I don’t know how I lucked into such an amazing group of people, but… I’m glad I did.  The things I do are just a blip on the radar—”
Jan and Thor make a public announcement a few days after Tony’s death, but the reporters are absolutely
“We’re not together,” Tony cut in.
You?”
“Why would I?” Rhodey retorts.  “I was getting so tired of listening to you waxing poetic about his bravery and his leadership and his
Originally posted
Steve looks at him questioningly. “Tony?”
“Twice,” Sam corrected. “It was only twice.”
“It’s the middle of March, Tony.  Most people still elect to bring a coat,” Steve replied.
“Hi,” Steve says, paying no mind to Clint.  He realizes he’s still grinning at Tony, which would be embarrassing under normal circumstances, but he feels so
“Steve has told me a lot about you as well, although I am sad to say that he left out a few details,” Tony says, earning him another laugh from Joseph.
“I swear, if you fuck on that couch, I will not hesitate to shoot you both," Clint says.
“Drinking tea,” Clint replied coolly, ignoring the brunet’s glare.
“I overheard you talking to Clint,” Tony interjected. “I may be a lot of things, but I’m not–and I quote–a
He’s always been adventurous, so he’s willing to try anything once.  Whether he ends up liking it is an entirely different story.  Some acts are too uncomfortable for him; too intimate to engage in with people he doesn’t know that well.  Tony values his personal space, and quite frankly, after having so many exes who have tried to kill him, he can’t really be blamed for being a little reluctant to get close to people.
Original post
“Steve,” Tony says, and the way so much of the tension in Steve’s body abruptly leaves is miraculous, to say the least—like Tony uttering his name was some sort of spell.
it to?”
“What does it look like I’m doing?” Tony retorted. “I’m sleeping on the floor.”
“I know,” Bucky answers.
“That’s a good thing, isn’t it? Wasn’t this the end game of your little arrangement all along?”
. “I might be able to go again if you keep making noises like that,” Tony comments.
.  I mean, I’m lucky my dad fucks up enough that no one bothers paying any attention to me.”
Steve fixed Tony’s coffee the way he liked it—a splash of milk and two sugars—and poured a cup for himself before sitting next to Tony at the counter.  They both piled their plates with pancakes and bacon and eggs and immediately began to dig in.
“You should blush more often,” he says, and brushes his thumb very lightly over Tony’s cheek, a tiny smile curling his lips. “It suits you.”
“It’s fine,” Tony says, cutting her off.  He isn’t here to talk about his dead parents; he’s here to see Steve.  Honestly, that revelation is a blip on the radar compared to finding out that he was one of the people HYDRA specifically targeted to eliminated.  “So… yeah.  Back to the news: they’re useless.  Really useless.  I mean, aren’t they supposed to talk about things that are, I dunno, actually
Original post
Tony leaves Steve notes too.  He gives Steve a card for every holiday that Hallmark thinks merits a card, and he writes messages on their bathroom mirror with a dry-erase marker the same shade of blue as Steve’s uniform, and leaves hastily scribbled notes and post-its in places around the tower that Steve frequents the most.
“N-no fair,” Tony breathes out.  He kind of regrets telling Steve just how much of a turn-on the accent is.   Kind of.
However, when he raises his hand to input his access code into the panel, he catches a glimpse of blond hair toward the back of the workshop.  There are at least a dozen dimmed holograms littered around the room, so it’s kind of hard to see, but Bruce is 100% positive that the man standing next to the work bench is their team leader.
have been attributed to Steve briefly walking out of a meeting just to help Tony bring himself off).
in a charcoal gray suit.
He looked… well,
“Afternoon, gentlemen,” Pepper says sweetly, and before Tony can escape, she adds: “Steve, Tony thinks your eyes are pretty, too.”
“You’re just wasting those good looks of yours, Rogers.  You could literally get anyone to date you.”
“Steve, honey,” Tony whined, but he complied anyway.  “I’m
“Now what on earth would give you that idea?”
“You’ve been avoiding me!” Steve shot back. “Most people would interpret that as lack of interest.”
A sly grin spreads across Thor’s face. “Aye? As I said, Asgardian mead is a fine drink.”
“We hang out all the time, and we have fun together.  We already have sex, it really wouldn’t be all that different.”
“Jesus Christ, Steve.
“Stop it,” Tony said.  He ignored Steve’s pleading eyes; ignored the feeling of Steve’s warm body pressed against his own when Steve climbed onto his lap; ignored the way Steve snaked his arms around Tony’s waist.
.  Tied to the vase is a note indicating that the arrangement is from a “secret admirer.”  Tony just brushes it off like it’s nothing, and grabs a bagel before heading to his office.  But later that night, on the way to his room, Steve passes Tony’s quarters and sees the bouquet on his nightstand.
“I’m the lucky one,” Tony corrected before capturing Steve’s lips in a kiss.
"You're a terribly liar, y'know that?"
“Maybe two months,” Tony corrected.
Steve doesn’t get flowers every day, nor does he get them every four days, or every Thursday.  There is no exact schedule that Tony follows, which makes the days that Tony surprises him even sweeter.
Okay, so Tony could admit that deciding to help Steve was a
Steve kisses his cheek. “Come on, we should probably check up on them.”
“You’re asking me about potatoes,” Tony says. “Who starts off a conversation with potatoes?”
Tony raises his hand and presses it up against the window, and the vibrant city lights dull in comparison to the brilliant gold band on his finger.
“They’re comfortable,” Steve said with a shrug.  It was the truth.  Once Tony had shown him the pleasures of finer clothing, he’d realized he couldn’t go back. “Weren’t you the one who told me to indulge every now and then?”
“I’m not an idiot, Tony,” Steve retorted.  “There’s something you’re not telling me and I want to know what it is.”
Steve gets sick and takes some Asgardian medicine to get better.  Tony thinks he's an adorable patient.
Steve put his sketchpad down and walked over to pet Dummy’s arm.
He desperately wanted to sleep, and he was grateful that Steve understood his need for contact. After the team had moved into the tower, and after he and Pepper had broken things off, Tony had confessed to Steve that it was almost impossible for him to sleep when he was ridden with anxiety.  It had only gotten worse ever since the team was first assembled—their line of work wasn’t exactly a walk in the park, especially since they had to bear the burden of the earth’s security on their shoulders every day.
“Would you two like them?” Thor offered.
fine?
Steve was an idiot for thinking he ever had a chance.  He was just going to have to live with the fact that Tony didn’t feel the same way because nothing was worth losing Tony’s friendship. “Wow, is it nine already?” Tony remarked, glancing at the clock. “I’ve got a meeting in an hour.” “You should probably get ready,” Steve suggested.
Since then, he’s been on dates… Okay, a
Tony sits back, continuing his movements.  He can feel Steve
Thor nodded in understanding. “Perhaps you can paint a portrait of our team; when you have the time, of course.”
Tony nods.
you.”
Tony pulls away and puts some distance between them.
“I’ll see you boys in the morning,” Natasha says.  She takes one last worrying glance at Steve before leaving the room.
“Are you cold?”
When the Enchantress hit him with her spell, Tony had expected chaos and glittery spirals of cosmic light, crazy mystical chants, and maybe a bit of vertigo.
me?” he growls.
Tony gets off the bed and goes to turn the light off, but Steve calls his name again.
“That’s funny,” Steve says, running his hand over the blue paint, “because my roommate brought her bike in here the other day for the same problem, and you had it fixed in under an hour.”  He looks at Tony expectantly.
“The best,” Tony jokes.
“Disappointing me?”
“I love you,” Steve declares. “You’re the most important person in my life. If there’s one thing about our relationship that I wish I could do over, it would be spending more of my time trying to convince you of it.”
“So I had a conversation with Mrs. Arbogast and—”
It isn’t something that Tony is proud, nor ashamed, of.   It was merely a fact: just a statement of truth.
best damn thing to happen to me… which is why I don’t—I
Tony shakes his head. "Nope.”
He braced himself against the slippery tile and let the water sluice over his back as a million thoughts ran through his head.
“Yeah, but they’d just mess everything up,” Tony counters. “Have you seen Carol’s pathetic attempts at dishwashing?  She actually manages to make them
"Oh, no,” Tony calls over his shoulder. “I fixed that thing over a week ago."
“For what?” Sam asks dubiously.  “Saving your life?  Because that was all him—”
“It makes sense to me,” Natasha says after a slightly awkward silence. “I know none of us can remember anything since the Chitauri, but you two make sense.”
“This video doesn’t get my good side at all,” Tony heard Steve say, and he fought the urge to laugh.
“I guess we can resume planning in the morning,” Tony relented, placing his tablet on the nightstand. “Do you want to watch a movie?”
Tony’s in the middle of pouring some more pancake batter on the griddle when Bucky shows up out of fucking
The brunet looks at him mournfully. “You need someone who can give you everything you deserve, Steve.”
“Oh,” Bruce says faintly.
Oh, God.  This man was going to be the death of him.
there.
“You said that you weren’t bothered by that date I went on last week,” Steve says innocently.
Ty grits his teeth, grabs his jacket and storms towards the waiting elevator.
Over the next few months, they become more familiar with each other, to the point that Tony could recognize any part of Steve’s body in the dark.  It’s wonderful, being so intimately close to someone like this, and Tony vows to do whatever he can to make sure it doesn’t end.
have a suit of armor,” Tony shot back. “Which reminds me: as soon as you’re onehundred percent better, we’re going to work on your suit.  There’s gotta be a way to make it stabresistant.”
Her eyes narrow. “What did he do?  Tony, did he hurt you?  Did he—”
“It isn’t very polite to force others into do something they don’t want to,” Steve retorts, and his ensuing glare is enough to make Ty release his grip on Tony’s hips.
“Are you really that close?” Tony asks even though he knows the answer.  There have been multiple instances in which Steve’s orgasmed just from watching
Steve arches a brow. “Really?”
“So if I told you to go find Tony right now there wouldn’t be
usually the ones th—” Steve stopped himself. “Is this really an appropriate conversation to be having over breakfast?” he asked exasperatedly.
Frankly, Tony was pissed, because he had been looking forward to finally seeing the new
“And watching WarGames is the way to do that?” Steve questions.
Joseph nods. “Your mother and I took the liberty of inviting the Starks.”
, and so he reluctantly pulled away.  While trying to catch his breath, he got a good look at Steve, pleased to see that the other man was just as winded as he was.  His pupils were blown with lust, his hair in disarray, and his lips swollen from their kiss.  Steve’s robe was also practically useless, the tie having come undone in the middle of their frantic lip lock leaving him shamelessly exposed.
Originally posted
“No, I’m not.  Not at all.” Steve whips around in his chair so quickly he almost knocks his mug off the counter. “No one should ever treat you like that, Tony.”
Pepper frowns. “I don’t understand.  Do you want me to send
“You can’t honestly tell me you thought this would last,” Tony said.  And what killed Steve was that Tony didn’t sound bitter or self-deprecating.  He just sounded tired, as if the subject wasn’t even
Tony looks at him questioningly. “Where are we going?”
To Tony’s shock, the older woman actually laughs.  “Oh, that is far from the worst I have caught my son doing, dear.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Rhodey asked. “So what?  All of this time, you were only good enough to hang out with
, then who else was there?
“Yes, Tony.”
…and that the man kneeling in front of him is—
“Yeah,” Steve said, still in awe. “What did you do?”
“Sorry,” he says with a sigh. “Pepper should be getting the company, though.”
An old, but well-preserved, photo album turned up in Steve’s room a few days later.  It was tucked away in the bookcase by his desk, but Steve was certain that it hadn’t been there before.
Tony clutches at Steve like a lifeline: Steve’s kisses are intoxicating, and Tony wants to give him as good as he gets. “I’m very hot,” he murmurs against Steve’s mouth.
“Do you hate me?” Tony blurts, and Steve’s face falls immediately.
It’s quite possibly the sweetest thing that anyone’s ever done for Steve, until Tony does it again.
Steve shrugged.  “I think it’d be fun.  Thor’s wanted to see a live musical ever since Clint made us watch
an understatement.”
there?”
And Tony doesn’t think it’s
Thor gave a shaky sigh. “Aye.”
After the third star, Tony figures it out.
“Steve, you know why—What are you saying?” The look Tony sent his way was one of genuine concern and confusion.
, the paparazzi know exactly when Tony is out and about, so in the past few years, he garners this reputation as a
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony waves off, turning off the television. “You can pick the movies tomorrow.”
“Yeah, I’d never do that.  I’m perfectly fine with giving you all a place to live and building awesome toys for you at no cost, y’know.  It’s cool,” Tony said, grinning ear to ear. “You’re lucky I’m a billionaire.”
“Hi,” Tony greets lamely, coming to a stop at the foot of the hospital bed.
“I see,” she says, drawn out and thoughtful.
“I love you,” he murmurs, his fingers carding through Tony’s hair. “I’m sorry if I’ve made you feel like I don’t.”
They stand in silence for a few moments before breaking into laughter.
“Since when do
Tony Stark likes cupcakes.
“Oh,” Steve said, the frown on his face morphing into a grin. “Good.”  He spun on his heel and resumed walking, quietly whistling the tune to
“If I walk out that door, Tony, I’m not coming back.”
Tony groans and slumps into the corner of the elevator, covering his face with his hands.
“What kind of question is that, J?  Have I ever been known to refuse garlic knots?”
“Why did you get a dog?” Tony asked. “I thought we agreed to get a cat.”
“Hi, honey,” Tony greeted from the couch. “How was your meeting?”
He was exhausted and wanted nothing more than to get under the covers and sleep—the night was still young, so he figured he could snag a few hours of restful sleep before Clint would inevitably stumble into the room in the early hours of the morning.  Tony had been adamant about not getting a roommate, but because of the last-minute booking, he really hadn’t had a choice.  On the upside, Tony figured it was probably better to share a room with Clint than
“Why me?” Tony asked. “Why don’t you have someone else—some more qualified—like, oh, I dunno… your
The second time Tony sees Steve on a cover of a magazine is about a year after that, but this one is staged, and Steve is
Steve’s eyes soften. “Me, too.”
“Did they have any—”
Steve couldn’t help but smile when he saw Tony’s sleeping face next to him.  The man looked so peaceful—so unlike how Steve normally saw him, bogged down with stress and the weight of the world’s security on his shoulders.  Even when Tony was in a more relaxed environment, Steve could tell that he still had a million things running through his mind.
“They’ll heal,” Steve said stubbornly.
A flicker of something unidentifiable flashed in Tony’s eyes, but it disappeared before Steve could try to decipher it.  “It’s a robe,” he said, getting up for some more coffee. “There are hundreds of thousands of styles out there. You probably saw it in a store window or something.”
“I know.”  Steve was silent for a moment before adding: “Sometimes I can’t believe this is the kind of life I have, but I’m just glad you guys are in it.”
“I’ll meet you downstairs in ten!” Tony sang, already on his way to the elevator.
Why was Tony denying Steve this?  Denying
Pepper said sternly.
“Yeah, I know,” Steve says cheekily, “but knowing that I can turn Tony Stark into a helpless, incoherent mess does
Tony doesn’t even have any time to think about what just transpired because Rhodey chooses that moment to drop in for a surprise visit.
“No, it was worse.”
later.”
Ty looks at him incredulously. “Really?  Tony
“I bought you flowers, took you to dinner, took you
select group of people who know that side of Steve—
“He asked me as I was getting on a quinjet for a mission. How the hell was I supposed to respond—”
“Who did what?” Clint asks, casually draping an arm around her shoulders.  He knocks back the rest of the Jack and Coke in his glass. “Did I miss something?”
“Or waited a week to respond to his proposal—”
“Really?”
So Pepper personally escorts Tony to the restaurant situated just two blocks away from the tower.  And Pepper is the one that inquiries about the reservation to the maitre d.  Pepper is the one that guides him through the large dining area to the smaller, more intimate private space towards the back of the room.
“Yeah, well, it could’ve gone
“A few things,” Steve replied before capturing Tony’s lips with his.
him that there’s more to sex than just two bodies rolling around on a bed.  More to
Tony was a little bitter about the fact that he couldn’t even get a couple minutes to revel in Steve’s excitement, but he supposed thirty seconds was better than nothing.
Tony wanted
the rest of SHIELD.
“How did you ever manage to have sex if you’re so bad at dating?” Tony questioned.
“Sarah here was just telling me about your father’s fiftieth birthday,” Tony says coolly, making Steve blush.
~ ~ ~
Pepper scoffs. “You watch TMZ.”
The first photo was of the two of them in the elevator: because Thor managed to only capture them from the neck up, it looked a lot more family-friendly than it really was.  The second photo, however, was probably what Clint and Thor were getting so excited over: Steve had both of arms wrapped around Tony, the other man laughing as Steve kissed his cheek.
anything.”
Natasha frowns. “Then what—”
“They aren’t poisoned, are they?” Tony asks, even though he already has a cookie halfway to his mouth.
Natasha turns her attention back to Tony. “Now, what—”
“If you had to choose between me or cupcakes, what would you choose?” Steve asks, watching Tony remove the paper liner of one of the baked goods.
“You know I don’t mean it like that,” Steve says with a sigh.
Tony couldn’t remember the last time he went to a party and woke up without a killer hangover.
He can’t help but steal another glance at Steve’s drawing: it’s been five years since Steve came down to his workshop and shyly presented him a stunning portrait of him in the armor, but Tony’s positive that the novelty of being the subject of Steve’s art is never going to wear off.
Tony snorted. “You must not know a lot of people,” he joked, but Steve didn’t look the least bit amused.
“Steve isn’t a saint,” Rhodey said. “Neither is Pepper.  They’re just people, and sometimes people just don’t mesh well together.  Did your repulsors work the first time you tried building them?” “No.”
Steve looks at him dubiously. “You called me, remember?  You said my bike would be ready today.”
Steve, and the rest of the Avengers, shift their gaze from the television to Tony.  His clothes are wrinkled, hair unkempt, and eyes bloodshot—it’s obvious he hadn’t left his workshop since they returned from their mission yesterday morning. “What makes you say that?”
“No, it’s okay—”
Tony shrugged. “I’m just trying to help.”
Tony straddles the other man’s lap and licks a stripe of frosting off of his cheek. “And you are absolutely delicious.”
“You ok?” Tony asks, pulling away to look him in the eye.
He also learns of the
“In my defense, I didn’t plant the idea in their head,” Pepper said. “They just assumed—”
Tony continued to take and take and take, and Steve let him.  He knew it would be impossible to give Tony everything he wanted—everything he
Tony flinched, eyes widening a fraction before they narrowed. “Fuck you, Rogers,” and he pushed past Steve and made his way back out into the downpour, his shirt sticking to him like a second skin within seconds. Steve went right after him with a low curse, grabbing Tony’s arm and trying to pull him back around by the side of the shed.  Why did it always feel like they were always moving backwards? It was like they were magnets constantly pushing against each other.
. “You know I do,” Steve says.
"That would make you the creeper of the century then, wouldn’t it?” Tony says, licking frosting off of his fingers. He goes to finish off the rest of the cupcake but freezes when an idea strikes him. “What about my super hot and super dorky boyfriend covered in chocolate frosting? Is that an option?”
Clint looked at Natasha quizzically. “What did you tell Thor?”
very well done, but Steve thought he was finally done with giant paintings of himself when he moved out of DC.
Steve forced himself into a sitting position, albeit much slower this time.  He shivered a little when the sheets pooled at his waist, exposing his bare chest to the chilly air-conditioning.  He delicately poked at the bandaging on his torso, hiding a wince when he found the stab wound. “I’m fine,” he gritted out.
“Tony, no.  Stop—Not here—
The man had a hard time taking care of himself, but it wasn’t by any means deliberate.  Tony just got so wrapped up in his own genius that he’d sometimes forget to perform basic human functions like eating and sleeping, but he had been doing better ever since Steve and the team made themselves his personal alarm clocks.
“I’m happy that he’s happy,” she answers a moment later. “But I will admit that I’m just a little jealous he was able to his special someone so soon.”
"Well, for one, I prefer being asked on dates in more conventional ways,” Steve says. “Not under the pretense of work."
don’t deserve
“Sulking isn’t a very good look on you.”
"Is there something wrong with praising my boyfriend for being so good in bed?"
with the King and Queen of the Isle of Shield, a ball held in his honor certainly isn’t one of them.
Tony hadn’t planned on starting up with someone so late in the school year, let alone with a gorgeous, billionaire CEO, but he did.  Tony’s been independent for most of his life, so he hadn’t planned on being so… well,
have to be sorry for?”
“Steve,” Tony said softly, and when Steve looked up he immediately noticed the worry etched into the striking blues of Tony’s eyes.  It wasn’t the first time Steve had ever seen that look on Tony’s face—years of Avenging and near-death experiences made it a pretty regular occurrence—but it wasn’t until relatively recently that Steve learned that
“Maybe?” Steve said hesitantly. “Was it that bad?”
Tony cocked an eyebrow. “Aren’t
“I know you have work to do—
“Wanna talk about it?” Tony asks.
?” Steve asked.
She doesn't know whether to be horrified or impressed.
“We know
“So Steve got drunk?”
“Tony, look at me.”  Steve gently butt his head against Tony’s shoulder when he refused to acknowledge him. “Please?”
He gives his two-weeks’ notice to Hill and spends the rest of the month looking for a new job.  The magazine he used to do a lot of work for had long-ago gone under, and he’s nowhere near qualified for any of the jobs he applies for, so he eventually goes back to the agency because, as much as Steve hates it, student loans are still a thing.
And if Tony had developed a silly crush on his teammate along the way, then no one but him had to know about it.
It isn’t until the night of Tony’s fraternity’s biggest party that he gets the guts to text Steve himself.
Steve weighed the pros and cons of the situation: he could stay home and mope about Tony and his gorgeous, sophisticated date, or he could go out and watch his friends make drunken fools of themselves while delaying the aforementioned moping for at least a few hours. “Okay, fine.”
“What’re you two talking about?” Tony asks.
them?  Tony was disappointed to realize that while he had more knowledge about the subject than Steve did, he didn’t have much practice.
“Why, Stephen, you failed to mention how utterly charming your friend is,” Sarah says to her son.
” “You’re seriously trusting me with this?” Tony said incredulously.
"Of course I was happy! I was the happiest I had ever been in my life, but that wasn’t enough.
“I try not to.”
It’s just wishful thinking, is all.
Steve frowns. “What’s the difference?”
That was all Tony was able to get out before Steve drew him in for a dizzying kiss.
Steve doesn’t think much of the incident until he kisses Tony over dinner at one of their favorite restaurants.  While Tony doesn’t make an undignified noise this time, his face still turns cherry red.  Then, when Steve takes his hand as they walk around the city, the man looks almost
, Steve?”
Tony nods wordlessly, but he wonders what Bucky thinks he brings out in Steve.
certainly explained why Tony didn’t do relationships.
He had never expected Steve to throw him down onto the couch and have his way with him.
“I didn’t do this so Steve would love me,” Tony answered. “I did it because I already love him.  I love him more than I’ve ever loved anything. He’s worth it.”
“Oh.”  The little hope that Steve had left was dying quicker by the minute.  “Look, about last
…but six months ago, Steve was cheated
“I hate you,” Tony says indignantly. “I was just—surprised, okay?”
“No, I mean… I don’t think we should see each other anymore,” Tony says with regret.
, and what would that leave the other?  Pain?  Regret?  An endless string of what-if scenarios, forever unresolved because neither of them got over themselves for long enough to give it a
“Honestly?  Honestly, I thought you would eventually come to your senses and leave me like everyone else,” Tony admits.  “I knew it would be inevitable, but damn it, I’m selfish enough to just settle for whatever you were willing to give me.”
Steve thought they were
“Maybe, it…” Steve started to say, but he shook his head.
More than anything, Tony wants to believe him, but he knows that it can’t happen.  He’s hurt everyone that has ever cared about him, and he’ll be damned if he hurts Steve in the same way.
“No,” Tony said grumpily. “You stop that right now.  I don’t want y—”
“He wasn’t that bad…” Clint said, earning him a punch in the arm from Natasha. “What?  He’s alive, isn’t?”
Steve wasn’t sure if it was the moonlight playing tricks, but he was almost positive that Tony was blushing.  “How much I love you,” he said. “How incredibly lucky I am to have you.”
“What for?”
“What?  What’d I miss?” Rhodey asks, abruptly sitting up.
“Oh?  Like what?”
“It’s all right,” Steve said, even though he felt anything but.  He ignored the unsettled look Tony was sending his way and plastered on a smile. “I’m sorry, I’m not feeling all that well of a sudden.  Why don’t you two go on ahead and I’ll catch up later?”
Tony came up on the tips of his toes and pressed a sweet kiss to Steve’s lips. “I thought you’d never ask.”
the closeness.
"I know the 1940’s were only six months ago for me, but I thought that’s what people did on dates… unless things have changed since then?"
Tony threw himself on the couch, the sudden movement jostling Steve’s hand enough to mess up the shading of his sketch.  Steve just erases the mistake and begins shading in the shape again.
Steve continues sending Tony gifts throughout the week: a box of chocolate truffles from the gourmet shop across town, a mixtape of his favorite music, and even an obnoxious giant teddy bear.
“No.  No, you’re right,” Steve says dejectedly.  He gets to his feet and pockets the ring. “I… This wasn’t fair to you.  I should’ve known this whole thing was a terrible idea. I—”
“You’re going to freeze out here,” Tony said, draping the blanket over Steve’s shoulders.
Steve hated the cold.
They settle at the table with a pizza and a six-pack, and they talk for hours.  Steve doesn’t have to be a genius to know that Tony is good-looking, what with his dark hair and crystal blue eyes and evidently toned physique (“I do a lot of manual labor in my lab,” Tony had said earlier).
“I’m having a good time just talking like this,” Tony says, “I don’t see why we have to—”
“Great,” Tony said again.  They stood awkwardly for a few moments before he spoke again:
“Can you go with me to the restaurant just in case?  I could give you a signal that things are going well, blah blah blah."
“Yeah, I know.” Tony looked back at him. “This was a great idea, by the way.  Thank you.”
“Just watch!” Pepper snaps.
“Tony,” Steve whined. “Tony, Tony, Tony.”
“I guess not,” Steve shrugged. “I mean, I can get another room or—”
Tony propped himself up on his elbows and looked down at where Steve was kneeling between his legs.  “You’re kidding me, right?”
“Venice it is then.”
“We could go to Europe?  Or the islands.  Maybe even somewhere in Asia.”
“Were you
“I’d have said something sooner if I’d known,” Steve says ruefully.  He reaches into his pocket and pulls out another note, one that is crumpled and evidently worn.  Tony wants to ask how long Steve’s been carrying it around, but his breath catches when he sees what’s written on it.
The rest of the team knows what Tony’s trying to do, but the last thing they want to do is meddle because nothing good ever comes out of it (they may have tried once or… five times, already).
Tony tugged him forward and crashed their lips together in a kiss so raw, so
“Yeah?”
Sam coughs and gets up from his seat.  “I uh… have to go… somewhere that isn’t here,” he says before ducking out of the room.
"Do we hear wedding bells in the future?"
“That’s all.” Tony leaned back in his chair. “So how’s Jonathan?”
“You won’t be able to find him because he has a
“Fuck,” Tony mutters under his breath.  He tosses back his coffee, wishing it were something stronger.
He actually finds it pretty hilarious, except on nights like tonight where he finds himself being kissed by yet another young model or singer or rising businessman.
Ty looks at him incredulously. “Really?  Tony
“More than you’ve told me apparently,” Rhodey said, leaning against the desk. The expression on his face softened. “What’s up?”
“It isn’t very polite to force others into do something they don’t want to,” Steve retorts, and his ensuing glare is enough to make Ty release his grip on Tony’s hips.
It’s not the response Ty was expecting, if the scandalized look on his face is anything to go by.
And just like that, he’s done it.  He’s been told it would feel like having a huge weight lifted off his shoulders, but he just feels like he’s going to go into cardiac arrest at any moment.
Tony grins.  “Give me a cupcake any day and I’ll be a happy man.”
“Of course, not,” Tony said. “Even I know that would be a bad idea.”
Steve smiles. “I’m glad.  I’d like to take you out tomorrow, if you’re free.”
“I’m just telling you the truth.”
“Bruce lent it to me.”
“All right.  Tony, will yo—”
"How long have you two been an item?"
“Oh, so is that the only reason why you’re living here?” Tony joked. “In that case, there will be a rent increase effective tomorrow.”
Tony was just glad that they were all on the same side because he doubted the world would stand much of a chance if Natasha and Pepper decided to try their hands at world domination.
"Not hungry,” Steve replies.
Steve’s face paled and he staggered back like the floor had been ripped out from right underneath him. “You…”
“More than whatever that jackass was willing to give you,” Steve mutters under his breath, which Tony finds absolutely endearing.
“in here, stevie wonder,” tony replied, his voice ragged. he heard steve’s footsteps falter slightly straight after he’d replied, and that was either because he’d broken his routine (usually if his routine was altered, it’d send him straight into a meltdown) by being in his kitchen instead of in his bedroom or it was because he sounded like he’d attacked his throat with sandpaper.
pepper had sounded worried over the phone. she’d said that if tony was too far gone to hear her, she couldn’t try to touch him to get his attention, which steve tentatively agreed with. she’d asked him whether he had some time spare after his 8am history of art lecture to keep tony company because she had to leave to go to her theory of math classes. there were different modules back to back all day, and all of them were compulsory. steve had the nagging feeling that there was
tony smiled with tears of relief falling down his face. he felt
he was missing, but he didn’t prolong the conversation, walking straight from his lecture hall to tony’s apartment to let himself in with a spare key.
the thing about being a theatre student was that everything mattered. to tony, life was a production, and every emotion became the centre of his being, and every new person he met became an enigma to be unravelled into a plot point. it was because of this hell or glory mentality that he threw himself completely into steve (in more ways than one), ignoring whatever else followed. deciding to be vulnerable with steve, to peel back the layers of bravado that were typical of an actor but unhealthily prominent in him, was the best decision he’d made in his life.
“it was three in the morning, stevie. i don’t-“ tony shut his mouth, feeling an urge to wring and flap his arms at shoulder height just like he did every time he got confused and went from fully- to partially-verbal.
“Twenty-one… and counting,” Tony added. “Let’s just say you’re booked solid for the next month.”
“What do you think of the music?” Steve asks again, effortlessly dipping Tony.
, that when they finally pulled apart, Tony felt like he was shaking out of his own skin. “You have me,” he breathed against Steve’s mouth. “You’ve always had me and you always will.”
“I dunno, Rogers.  That was a pretty lame proposal—”
“It’s fine, Tony,” Steve said dismissively.  “You don’t have to explain yourself.”
Tony sat back and appraised him. “You seem to be doing just fine.”
they heard Clint holler.  He sounded surprisingly alert considering he was passed out drunk the night before.
Officially, it’s Tony, who says it a few weeks after Steve does.  He’s sitting in Steve’s kitchen, working on his project and waiting for Steve to get back from a week long business trip.  It’s almost midnight when he finally hears the elevator doors slide open to the penthouse, and a jetlagged Steve drags his suitcase out into the living room.
“I told them Fury sent me on a special ops mission.  Top secret stuff,” Steve said with a playful wink.
“Shut up.”
"I don't know," Tony lies.
Steve was happy.  He was the happiest he had ever been in his life.  He couldn’t recall anything that brought as much happiness into his life as spending time with Tony did.  Steve knew that what he and Tony had was special, and he would be happy with whatever Tony decided to give him… but if Steve were being completely honest, there was still a small part of him that wanted to share it with the world.
“You’re in love with him, aren’t you?”
The workshop is where Steve finds Tony after their latest fights to reprimand him for his recklessness, before noticing the bruises on Tony’s body and kissing them better.
Rhodey doesn’t find out about Steve until he wakes up one Saturday morning and finds one of those celebrity gossip shows talking about “Steve Rogers’ new boytoy.”  And Rhodey is still a little drunk from the night before, so he thinks it’ll be a good laugh, but when he sees grainy photos of Steve Rogers and a boy who suspiciously looks like Tony walking out of a restaurant a couple blocks from campus, he’s left staring at the television in shock until Tony gets home half an hour later.
To say he's surprised is an understatement, but then Natasha and Clint head straight to the kitchen, not even batting an eyelash at the sleeping couple.
“Sam Wilson, right?” Tony finishes.
“And is that what you want?” Steve asks, “To not be together?”
“I like sitting,” Steve whined. “Especially here.  My couch is very comfortable.”
"You’re ridiculous."
the time—” The yelp that escapes his mouth when Tony tackles him is less than dignified, but he doesn’t voice any complaints when Tony pins his arms above his head.
“That’s good,” Steve said, grinning from ear to ear. “What happened anyway?  Last night I was… well, y’know, and this morning I woke up and looked like…” He gestured at his body.
He was pleasantly warm, thanks to the sleeping body next to him.  It wasn’t the first time he had woken up with someone in the same bed, and certainly not the first time he had woken up with
“And something tells me I made fun of you two
Steve hummed in agreement. “When did you get up?”
Tony makes a sound of contentment when Steve starts running his fingers through his hair.
“I’m just thinking… he may have a point?” Steve ventured carefully, not wanting to push Tony too far. “Maybe it
Steve arches a brow. “Is that supposed to sweeten the deal or…?”
There’s a pause on the other end before Steve speaks again: “
Tony tried to give as good as he got, but Steve’s tongue was deadly.  Steve was taking and taking and
“Why?”
time!” Steve exclaimed, scandalized.  He couldn’t remember how that particular conversation had come to be, but it had happened on of the first nights the team had been together.  Steve had accidentally opened a link in a spam e-mail he had received, and the team had never let him live it down.
“By what?”
“Is that a good thing or a bad thing?” Tony can’t help but ask.
“He’s really important to you, huh?” Sam remarks.
Steve didn’t even get the chance to respond before Tony shut the door, the click of the lock resounding in the quiet room.
Tony’s hands instinctively move up and clutch at Steve’s shoulders bringing him impossibly closer. He feels the vibrations of Steve’s laugh course through his body and Tony can’t imagine a day without having this, let
The trip back to Odin’s palace was a quiet one, but Tony didn’t mind.
Tony returned the kiss with equal fervor, his tongue plunging into Steve’s mouth without preamble.  Even with Steve’s multitasking capabilities, he was finding it harder and harder to focus on preparing himself with Tony doing absolutely wicked things with his tongue. Eventually, Steve felt Tony take hold of his wrist and pull his hand away from Steve’s opening before replacing Steve’s fingers with his.  Steve had no idea when Tony had managed to slick up his fingers, but he couldn’t really complain when he felt Tony’s fingers press against his prostate.
“I saw some of the expense reports, so I think I have an idea,” Steve said. “
The elevator slows to a halt before the doors slide open, and Tony realizes that Pepper had taken them to the communal floor.  Thor’s delighted laughter rings out from the rec room, immediately followed by the sound of Steve shouting, “You son of a two-legged
Steve’s breathing was labored now.  “Every time someone tries to win a war before it starts, innocent people die. Every time.”  With a grunt, he picked up his axe and brought it down on another log with much more force than necessary.
“Why don’t I give you two the grand tour?” Vanessa offered, leading them down the hall. “I do believe the ballroom will live up to your standards.  A wedding such as yours should have nothing but the best, and we have no doubt that we can provide that.”
It wasn’t long before Tony felt something warm and slick rub against his entrance.
“Your dating predicament.”
At first, Steve had been surprised by how well they got along.  He had been so intimidated by Tony because the man was the embodiment of the future.  Steve didn’t know how he could compare to someone like Tony Stark, but Tony seemed to value his opinions on things all the same.
They’re lying on a picnic blanket in Central Park hours after the sun has already gone down, and Steve doesn’t even realize how long they’ve been there until he notices the flashing lights of a plane flying overhead.
“I can be the mother if you’re that insecure about your masculinity, Tony,” Steve teased, pulling the other man into his embrace and kissing his cheek.
Thor frowned. “It wasn’t your decision to make, Steve.”
Tony’s eyes go completely round and then Steve watches as his nose turns red, the color slowly bleeding out across his cheekbones until he’s brick red from chin to hairline.  Steve beams at him. “Red is a good color for you.”
Steve says remorsefully.
“I was going to tell you,” Steve says.
“No…” Steve said anxiously. “I just thought you’d want… I mean, we’ve never—Safety first, right?”
Tony has absolutely no idea what he’s supposed to say to that.
"Oh?” Tony asks with a smirk on his face. “Like what?"
What did they expect him to say?  Steve knew he couldn’t lie to them—they knew him too well for that—but how was he supposed to just up and tell them about his unrequited feelings without sounding like a whiny brat?
Steve smiled in response, but even he knew that it didn’t quite reach his eyes.
Steve smiles. “Yes.  To all of it.”
“What about sex with me, then?” Tony asks instead.
At least he had his friends (who hit on other people
Natasha beamed at him. “Thank you.”
“I do,” Steve replies, “but there are a few things that I like more."
Steve nods and kisses him quiet as he strips them both of their clothes, and lays Tony out on the bed. Steve takes his time, his mouth and hands roaming over every inch of Tony’s skin before Steve blows him, and Steve realizes that Tony is absolutely
“What the hell was that, Tony?” she reprimands, letting go of him.
“Steve, are you all right?” Bruce asks, concerned.
“It’s not silly.”
Steve wrinkles his nose. “You’re like a four-year-old.”
“Why not here?” Tony murmured against his skin.  “I could get down on my knees,” he suggested, his fingers resting above the button of Steve’s jeans.  “I could—”
The last thing he expects is for Tony to make an honest to God
of Tony’s affection.  It’s silly because it’s been almost five years, but Tony still hasn’t completely wrapped his head around the fact that Steve’s chosen
"How does a picnic in the park sound?"
“Whatever Steve wants,” Tony replied without hesitation. “I trust him.”
“It is because of you that we are all here together,” Thor replied.
“I’m sorry for unloading all of this on you,” Steve said, suddenly looking self-conscious. “Um… I can give you some time to—”
Steve’s gaze flitted from Tony’s face to his hand, and back again.  “But I’ve never…”
Steve grudgingly sat up and raked his hands through his already messy hair.  He took a deep breath before saying: “I’m in love with Tony.”
“When you put it like that,” Tony leans in, “I think I could spare a few hours of sleep after all…” Steve takes a step back just before their lips brush against eachother. “What’s wrong?  Isn’t this what you want?”
Some days, Tony will be so immersed in his work that the only acknowledgement Steve will get is a ‘hello’ and a quick peck on the cheek before the genius is back to coding or wiring or… whatever it is he does.  But Steve just walks over to the worn leather couch in the corner of the room and listens to the sounds of the workshop until they lull him to sleep: the steady hum of the machinery in the background, or the subtle beeping coming from Dummy’s charging station.
Tony wanted to argue that the armor could’ve taken it, but he didn’t want to admit that he hadn’t had a chance to test it on anything as hard as the Bulldozer’s helmet. Yet. “You didn’t have to do that.” Tony clenched his fists, his nails digging into his palms almost hard enough to bleed. “You didn’t have to put yourself in harm’s way like that.”
Steve just sighed and rolled them over, trapping Tony between his body and the mattress. “I love you.”
“And can give you what you want.”
Tony whined when Steve pulled away a moment later. “Why’d you stop?” he asked. “I never said you could stop kissing me.”
the team!” Tony snapped. “Isn’t that the issue? Isn’t that why we fight; so we can end the fight?” he added, his voice rising.  “So we get to go
Tony started up the coffee machine and then sidled over to Steve.  He pulled out his phone and typed in a quick search before wordlessly handing it over to the other man.
Tony gaped. “How are you so
“I thought I’d find you out here.”
?  Steve, you’re
Steve crawls up Tony’s body and kisses his cheek—an act so innocent Tony almost forgets the
Steve chuckles as he rifles through his closet for a tie—and Tony still can’t believe that he’s dating someone who has an entire
Pepper mused.
?!” Tony exclaims.
“I don’t see how I could possibly work with anyone else,” Tony said. “Let alone
“You could’ve called Fury, or Hill, or… I don’t know.
Steve gapes. “You bought off my neighbors?!”
“Twelve-year-olds are adorable,” he mumbled.
because Steve was there and his eyes were blue and vibrant as ever, his hair silky and golden yellow and his skin, healthy and glowing.
Tony awkwardly bent over and tried to pet the top of its head but got a handful of slobber instead. “Well, I don’t know how the shelter managed to trick Captain America because this is clearly not a cat.”
“We could… what?” Tony inquires.
Tony’s hips jerked off the bed, and Steve continued massaging the little bundle of nerves as he stretched Tony carefully, but efficiently.  The pleasure was so immense that he didn’t even notice
Tony squeezes his hand. “I know you do, Steve, but when there comes a time that I really do need you, I know you’ll be there, and that’s more than enough.”
make the suggestion, and who’s Tony to say ‘no’?).
someone.  Tony feels like he should be pissed at Steve for basically turning his whole life upside-down, but he can’t find it in himself to care.
“Steve—” Tony started to say, but Steve ignored him, pressing further into Tony’s warmth in hopes that would be enough for Tony to ignore his slip.
Steve shrugs and takes one for himself: so what if he already ate over a dozen while baking them only a few hours prior?  They were still delicious.
“Is your boss okay with you missing out on so much work?” Sarah asks during one of Steve’s daily visits.  Her voice is hoarse, and her skin is paler than the last time he had seen it, but there’s still the fiery spark in her eyes that he’s always remembered.
“I’m a mess, Steve,” Tony answers tiredly.  “I know you’re looking for a forever, and I can’t give you that.”
It wasn’t until three months into dating that Steve realized Tony’s true weakness.
“We were very excited to get your call,” she said. “It caused quite a buzz among the staff.  It’s not every day that we get such noteworthy clients, even here.”
“Okay, that’s enough,” Steve interjected. “Here’s a crazy idea: what if we all just butted out of each other’s love lives?”
“You… You really want this?”
It was just Steve’s luck that his stomach chose that exact moment to growl very loudly.
Tony shrugs.  “It wouldn’t be that different from when we usually hang out.”
“Are you sexting during meetings now?” she asks. “Because that is
Tony’s brow furrows. “Why what?”
Tony’s mouth drops open, and Thor starts laughing so loud it shakes the couch he’s sitting on.
Tony realizes it will probably always be that way.
“Um… no?” Steve replied uneasily.
Tony’s honestly surprised he’s lasted this long.
Tony made a non-committal noise but nodded anyway. “You meet anyone that strikes your fancy?”
Steve looked at him incredulously. “You’re seriously asking me that?”
“I know.”
He’s expecting Steve to turn around and walk away—to forget everything that had transpired between the two of them over the past six months.
Sam sits down in the plastic chair opposite Tony.  His gaze lands on Tony and Steve’s linked hands.  “So, you two…?”
, so in reality, it’s actually a
“What’s on your mind?”
“Hold on,” Steve said, before getting off the bed.  He went into the en suite and started going through all of the cabinets and drawers under the sink, sighing with frustration when he couldn’t find anything suitable.
He asks because he gets a feeling that Tony’s reactions to his public displays of affection may have had more to do with uneasiness than a mere quirk, and the last thing he wants to do is make Tony feel uncomfortable.  But when Steve brings it up in conversation, Tony brushes it off like it’s nothing, and assures Steve that he
“Somewhere a little more private,” Steve answers.
Steve stares at him in disbelief. “
was in the cards for me.”
“Whose fault is that?” Steve shot back.  It was a low blow, but he really didn’t have the patience to deal with this right now. “You really don’t have to do this.”
“Why are you here?” Tony asks. “I thought you’d still be downstairs with Steve and Peggy.”
“How did he describe his eyes, again?” Sam asks. “Sparkling blue oceans or something?”
"They aren’t poisoned, are they?" Tony asks, even though he already has a cookie halfway to his mouth.
“That can’t be right—”
—” Tony swears his brain actually stops working for a moment when he finally realizes what Steve’s trying to tell him. “Are you… are you
“This is nice,” Steve said, looking out at the ocean.
Steve does something that could only be classified as a ‘pout’ and Natasha’s not sure how a supersoldier could look that adorable. “I don’t have commitment issues.”
“Yeah, Tony.  Give it to me,” Steve whines.
“No, that… it was weird,” Steve says uncomfortably.
“How is he?” Tony asks, trying to sound as passive as possible.  He knows he doesn’t do a good job of it, if the twitch of Natasha’s mouth is anything to go by.
, uh…” Tony trailed off.
"But not as much as you love cupcakes," Steve remarks as he watches his boyfriend lick him clean.
Prompt: Tony is a highly sought-after mechanic who can fix anything fairly quickly... except whatever Steve drags in to him (but that might be on purpose).
“Well, excuse me,” Tony snapped. “It’s not like you answered your phone when I tried calling either.”
“What’s wrong?”
about this?  Bulldozer just headbutted you into the Lyceum Theater.  Do you know how thick that skull of his is?”
Steve shoves him off the bed. “Not with that morning breath.”
Tony ducked his head, and Steve definitely knew that his suspicions were correct. He would never admit how much pride he took in being the only person to make
Steve responded from the en suite.
Or maybe Bucky was one now: what does he know?
“You barely gave me enough time to get showered and dressed, let alone bring a jacket.”
Steve makes a joke about Tony being old.
Tony pointedly looked away from the video feed. “No.”
.  He doesn’t feel weak.  He doesn’t feel like he’s giving a part of himself up, like it’s some sort of payment or something he just
Pepper stated.
“Our clothes are still on,” Tony points on, “It's still fair game.”
, which Tony may have found a little odd considering it wasn’t in Clint’s repertoire of music, but it
“I love you, too,” he responds, kissing the stupid smile on Steve’s face. “And I love it when you’re like this.”
“Sure you don’t need any help?” Tony calls after him, and Steve’s just sober enough to bite back a reply of:
“Alrighty then.” Tony stood from his seat and linked his arm through Steve’s. “Lead the way, Captain.”
“Since it apparently means that much to you, I will,” Steve promised.  He opened his door to exit the room, but walked directly into Thor’s broad chest instead.
Tony’s watched plenty of movies, so when he comes to, he’s expecting to find himself to be tied down to a chair in some abandoned warehouse in the middle of bumblefuck nowhere.
“Tha—Wait, what?!” Steve exclaimed, getting the attention of some passersby.  He tipped his baseball cap to better obscure his face and lowered his voice. “What are you talking about?” “You and Tony are romantically involved, are you not?” Thor asked.
JARVIS replied as they stepped into the elevator.
“Um…”
“Next time,” Tony replies, “because we all know someone out there is just waiting to go crazy and cause another disaster, I want you to call me.  I don’t care what he says; if you guys need help, call me.”
“Look, Tony. I don’t… I’m not mad at you,” Steve said, suddenly sounding exhausted.  He dragged a hand through his hair, shoulders tense. “I was, but I understand where you were coming from. I do.  I don’t blame you for this mess.  You just... overreached.”
“Sor—What do
“Trust me, Tony,” she says sincerely. “If anything,
He’s content to just look.
,” Steve said, cringing when he realized how pathetic he sounded.  He burrowed his head under the cushions and groaned. “Leave me alone, Sam.”
Tony steeled himself and pushed the door open, freezing in place when he came face to face with the man in question, and Tony suddenly couldn’t
Steve didn’t move, even as the first droplets of rain water began to fall onto his head. Tony grudgingly sidestepped him to open the door, but Steve continued to stand there, arms full of the chopped wood.
“You’re a better liar than I gave you credit for, Rogers.”
“This isn’t the time for jokes, Steven.”
“It’s better than waiting for me to mess up.” Tony looks at the ground, avoiding Steve’s stare. “It’s going to happen.  Trust me, it’s better this way.”
Yes, he was flashy and loud, and never ashamed to show off his brilliance (as off-putting as it could be at times).  He talked too much, worked too hard, and wasn’t afraid to tell people off.
“That doesn’t mean he likes
He’s also glad that Steve’s been acting completely normal ever since it started.
Steve frowned.  This wasn’t how he was expecting the morning to go at all.  Tony seemed distant —entirely detached from what was happening between them.
“Just because your other relationships didn’t work doesn’t mean it’s all for nothing,” Rhodey pressed on. “I know how hard it was for you and Pepper to walk away, but you were both leading different lives—there was nothing either of you could do about that.  But
“I’m fine,” Tony assured. “The trip took a little longer than expected, but Thor and I are okay.”
“I have
He tangled his fingers in Steve’s hair, gently urging him back up.
Sure, he’s been called
Dating.
the one who called
Steve looks at him confusedly. “Don’t you still have to fix her?”
“Hm… maybe.”  Tony takes a bite out of another cookie and holds the plate out towards Steve. “Want one?"
Tony was still looking out the window, clutching his mug like a lifeline.  He was usually so talkative in the morning—whether he was rambling on about something he invented the night prior, or telling Clint to stop stealing the food off of his plate—but today, he was uncharacteristically quiet.
you two been doing?”  “Helping each other
“Really?
“Yes, Steve?”
“The police better get here soon,” Clint said, “They won’t stay that way for long.  Where’s Spidey with his webs when you need him?”
Then a reporter towards the front asks: “Captain Rogers, it’s evident that in addition to being your co-leader of the team, Tony Stark was a friend of yours too.  Is there anything that you would personally like to say to the public?”
“I think you look great, honey,” Tony chimed in, “then again, I may be a little biased.”
discussing.  He couldn’t believe Tony was so convinced that they wouldn’t make it; he thought he had made his intentions clear from the beginning.
“Fuck
Steve’s smile falters. “Excuse me?”
Tony lifted his head at that, and Steve could see the moment that Tony realized where they were.
So it took a while for Steve to realize that Tony Stark wasn’t the flippant asshole he tried to make himself out to be.  He wasn’t the public figure that smirked at the cameras, and told off paparazzi and government officials, and he wasn’t just a man in a suit.
"You do?"
Tony squeaks, horrified, and his face burns up even more.
“Find six tickets for
Tony Stark had a hidden compartment in his advanced, weaponized suit of armor for
are you telling me that I apparently cannot comprehend?”
Steve’s always admired Tony’s attention to detail for all of the dates he’s planned for his exes, but it isn’t until he comes to terms with his own feelings for the man that he realizes it’s Tony who always does the romancing.
“Every hotel within a thirty-mile radius is booked solid,” Natasha informed. “At least, that’s what I’ve heard,” she added innocently.
Tony hit him with the cushion again.
“Congratulations, Pep,” Tony said, kissing her cheek.
Pepper stared at them, dumbfounded.
that Clint had gotten him for Christmas last year, and whistling to himself as he flipped pancakes into the air.  There wasn’t anyone on the team who wasn’t genuinely shocked to find out that Tony was actually a pretty decent cook.
are highly discouraged and may result in disciplinary action.
“You’re not gonna learn everything overnight,” Tony replied, which was the truth.  What Tony neglected to mention was that he needed that time to relearn the basics himself.
!” he hisses.
Tony had only had a few minutes to freak out before Steve appeared, freshly showered after his morning run.  Steve took out his cell phone and slid it across the counter so it was in Tony’s line of view, and there, on the screen, was a very eloquent tweet on Steve’s page that calmly and effectively dismissed all of the dating rumors.
So Steve rounded up the rest of the team after breakfast, and after putting on their best disguises, made the trek over to the Theater District.
“It was a long mission,” Steve interrupts.  “There was a lot of waiting around and—”
“You’re ridiculous.”
The drive had been relatively tolerable thanks to the radio, but the occasional lapses of silence in between songs were stifling.  It was a ridiculous notion considering that just a few weeks ago they could sit together for hours without uttering a single word to one another.
Steve freezes when Tony’s hand closes over the small box in Steve’s back pocket. “Uh…”
"…maybe?”
"I know that," Tony says, "It was idiotic of me, I know—"
, Steven,” Tony states, scandalized. “They’re
“Yeah, my mom and I saw
Thor looked at him quizzically. “Are you sure?”
beautiful,” Steve says as he watches Tony harvest a few lilies and put them into a vase. “You really outdid yourself this year.”
Tony can’t tell if it’s as dirty or as innocent as he thinks, and vacillates between being wildly turned on and being
Steve looked like the wind had been knocked out of him. “You’re sure?  I don’t want you to feel like—”
Tony nods dumbly and sits.
Steve stole a glance at the man whose hand was still in his own: he was studying the photos, but the expression on his face was unreadable.
For two people who appeared to be no more than polar opposites, they’d both shared very similar life experiences, and Steve figured that’s what made it so easy for them to just…
Steve likes to ride Tony on the living room couch.  Likes to lift him up on the kitchen counter during breakfast and slide in without prep because Tony’s still wet and loose from having sex not two hours ago.  Steve steals him away from the guests at the galas they all get roped into going, locks them in the bathroom, and bends Tony over the sink.
Okay, so he
“Hey, I never said there’s anything wrong with it,” Tony says. “New world and all, I get it.  What I don’t get, however, is how anyone like
“Disappointed?!” Tony exclaims, mildly offended. “How could
Steve narrowed his eyes at him. “I was about to, but there’s no need for that anymore, is there?”
She bid a quick farewell to them both before the call disconnected.
“Tony!” Steve bellows.  He’s in the navy blue uniform that Tony absolutely loves, but his hair’s a mess, and there’s a giant bruise on his right cheek.
“How are you feeling?” Tony asks, placing the tray of food on the bedside table. “Are you hungry?’
“He’s amazing.” Tony ducks his head. “I don’t know what I ever did to deserve him.”
?!”  Steve didn’t he’d ever felt pain like this; to hear Tony say those things.  “Tony, please, just tell me—”
He knows that he’s lucky to have Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy in his life.  But they had their own lives, and his relationships with them were established so long ago that anything more would never be a possibility.  Regardless, Tony has learned to be okay with it, and begins to resign himself to a life of solitude.
Regardless of the reason, it hadn’t taken long for it to become a normal occurrence.
“Tony,” Steve’s tremulous voice warned against his mouth, hips pushing steadily up against his lover. “Tony, I can’t—”
looked—and all he wants now is to go back to that moment when everything was actually…
I know inspired me to become a
Inside his suit jacket, his phone trills.  Still staring at Steve, he pulls out the device and unconsciously unlocks it.  It isn’t until his phone rings again a couple seconds later that he manages to drag his eyes to the screen.
“Okay, so…?”
“Shut up,” Tony snaps. “Just–-For once, I wish you’d just
Tony eyes her. “You’ve been playing matchmaker?”
Tony smiled back. “Good.”
“Don’t you think I know that?!” Steve snapped. “I
Steve chuckles. “I can’t help it.  You just have that effect on me.”
But before Steve could say anything, Tony grabs him by the shirt collar and pulls him down for a kiss.
Tony promptly throws a pillow at his face.
Tony let out a shaky breath.  “He wouldn’t be Dummy.”
He spread his hands out over Steve’s legs, pushing them up towards the ‘v’ of his pelvis and curling his fingers into Steve’s pockets.  It had been so long since he’d been able to really touch Steve and now that he was finally in reach after such a long separation, it was all he wanted to do. Steve’s pupils dilated when Tony’s fingers moved to his fly, but he roughly pulled Tony up instead, pressing him back against the side of the shed with enough force to cause the building to creak slightly.
“You mean our date isn’t over?” Tony said, feigning surprise. “What else did you have planned?”
Pepper said dryly.
The other man nodded in understanding. “I guess even super soldiers need their day of rest, huh?”
Steve’s just shy of his 23
’s born on May 29, 19—”
Steve runs over to his house and finds him sitting by himself on the floor of his room, mumbling absolute nonsense.  Steve gives him some water and helps him into bed, but Tony grabs his arm and asks him to stay.  Steve does.
“Okay.” Steve traced Tony’s jawline with his thumb before leaning in to press a sweet kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth. “Okay, I’ve got you.”
“Steve!” Tony greets, wiping his grease-stained hands on a rag.  "What can I do for you today?“
“I can’t believe your parents are even
he had been for being disappointed earlier.
—” “I was
It isn’t until about two months into this arrangement that Steve explicitly asks Tony if he wants to stay the night.  Tony nods dumbly and they fall asleep together, and have lazy morning sex that puts Tony in a visibly good mood for the rest of the day.
“I just—I think it would be better for us to start over and forget it ever happened,” Tony explained. “It was—”
“You and Tony.”
“All I’m saying is: I’m usually right about these things,” she boasted.
Steven,” Tony corrected himself, “has ever left the house with a single hair out of place.”
“C’mon, guys, it ain’t that bad,” Steve assured. “Look, Thor’s having a good time,” he added, gesturing to the blond man animatedly telling stories to a small crowd.
,” she clarifies. “I always thought Stark would be the one with commitment issues.”
“That night was a mistake and I shouldn’t—I’m just really sorry, okay?” Tony said. “I’ve been a total jerk and nothing can excuse me for that, but I’m sorry.”
Steve looked at him strangely. “Why?”
Steve looked at him questioningly. “What do you mean?”
“Yes, dad,” they all chorused, making Steve laugh, and Tony only huff in annoyance.
“Us,” Tony replied. “How do you feel about Thai food for dinner tomorrow?”
Steve didn’t want to say ‘
Steve looked unconvinced, but Tony was thankful that he didn’t pry any further. “All right, then.
They stand there for a few moments, smiling dopily at each other.  Tony suddenly opens his mouth to say something more, but his body visibly stiffens, and that’s when Steve can faintly pick up his voice—his younger self’s voice—asking Tony where he is.
,” he gasped when Steve rolled his hips.  Tony glared at the innocent look Steve gave him. “How you manage to fool
“Can I take you to dinner?” Steve injerjects.
“I wasn’t
“You aren’t holding me back from doing anything,” Tony assured.  “I’m just not ready, that’s all.” “Really?”
The workshop is where they fell in love, and Steve wouldn’t have it any other way.
"What if they’re a serial killer or something?” Tony asks, straightening his tie in the mirror.
It was the only photo of them, Steve realized, that wasn’t staged or taken for some sort of publicity stunt.
Steve looks thoughtful. “Did you have a destination in mind?”
“He doesn’t want anything from me,” Steve snapped. “Now, give me a tablet or something so I can try fixing this mess.”
One night, Tony had been awakened from his fitful sleep by Steve’s own nightmarish screams next door.  Tony had gone to comfort the man, and the next thing he knew, he’d found himself waking up in Steve’s bed the next morning—his mind and body relaxed from the first full night of sleep he had had in months.
Steve furrows his brow. “Like a date?”
He spends the better half of the night staring at the words scrawled on the piece of paper before taking out his phone and shooting a quick text.
Tony doesn’t even think twice before accepting because the last thing he needs is another Christmas spent alone in his house.
It was strange thinking about the development of his relationship with Tony, especially when one considered the fact that they could barely stand being in the same room when they had first met. But now, they were friends who had movie nights and went out to dinner together and
what to make of all this!”
, even—but I really don’t want something like that to get in the way of our friendship.”
“It’s one night, Tony,” Natasha said. “You can deal with it for one night, or need I remind you of all of the shit you made Pepper put up with for the past fifteen years?”
,” he said into the phone. “How’d you even know he was here?”
Steve knew that it was wrong for him to have judged Tony before even formally meeting him, and even more wrong to make those accusations before getting to know him.
How Tony had failed to notice them in the first place, he isn’t exactly sure.
“You’re probably right.” Steve sat up and muted the television. “I want to thank you again for inviting me out here.  I don’t think I’ve ever travelled anywhere that wasn’t under the pretense of work… and the presidential suite is very nice,” he added.
“It’s fine,” Tony assures. “I can understand why you wouldn’t want everyone to know about something like
Steve looked at him over his shoulder.  “Is that a problem?”
“Okay, okay.  'Captain Kirk’ it is,” Steve relented, but the smile on his face was fond. “Any ideas for the other guy?”
Steve bit down on Tony’s collarbone, and the contrast of the pain with the pleasure building inside of Tony’s gut was all he needed to reach his climax and spill all over his belly.  Between Steve’s relentless pace, and the friction of his own cock between their bodies, he was surprised he’d lasted as long as he had.
Tony hummed in agreement, the distant sound of waves crashing on the rocky shore below almost drowning it out. “We haven’t had a real vacation in over a year.”
“Dinner?” Tony asked, finally tearing his gaze from the window.
"Wait, is this why you’ve been so out of it lately?"
“What about me?”
—”  His hands desperately clutched Steve’s shoulders, nails digging hard enough through the material of Steve’s shirt to leave marks.
He wouldn’t—
there are reporters out there taking pictures of me in my underwear—”
–is to be with you, because I love you, and nothing will ever change that.”
“No,” Tony said apologetically. “I wasn’t exactly planning for anything like this to happen.”
So when Steve flew to Japan, and Tony went from seeing him every day to only being able to talk to him on the phone for a total of 5 minutes and 49 seconds for the entire duration of Steve’s trip, Tony didn’t know what to do with himself.  Steve at least had an entire itinerary as a distraction, but Tony could only focus on his schoolwork for so long.  Rhodey and Pepper had tried taking him out to the bars, but that only ended in Tony sending dozens of drunk texts to Steve about how much he missed him and how sexually frustrated he was (2 minutes and 17 seconds of the aforementioned time on the phone
They talk on the phone for over an hour and agree to meet at Tony’s apartment the next night.
The way he says Tony’s name makes Tony’s stomach churn.
needs him: I can’t even fathom the implications that… that Tony’s death has on the progress of humanity for the next fifty years.” He looks at Steve apologetically.  "I’m sorry, I don’t mean to be so–“
Steve cupped Tony’s face with his hands and looked him in the eye. “Tony, you are the single most important thing in my life.  We could be a billionaires, or we could be homeless on the street, or we could be living in a cramped studio apartment above a Chinese restaurant that doesn’t have hot water half the time–”
Tony was good at charming people.  He knew how to win them over and grab their attention long enough to get them into bed with him.
“Not… exactly?  But let’s say he was—and he
But as bad of a vibe as the woman gives off, Tony can’t deny her beauty.
Tony looked at him disbelievingly. “You don’t have to appease me or anything just because you live under my roof now, Rogers—”
Bucky, Sam and Rhodey bust out laughing, while the rest of the Avengers stand idly by, confused by the situation as well.
Steve wasn’t sure if it was just a trick of light, but he could have sworn that Natasha actually
"Everything’s fine, Steve.  I swear.”  He slowly backs into the elevator. “I have to get to work, and I’ll get my secretary to set those tabloids straight, and—"
,” Tony points out, but he gets out of the car anyway, following Steve around the side of the country club towards the sandy beach.
Steve nodded.  He couldn’t remember ever feeling as great as he did in that moment. “More than.
“Are you sure you don’t wanna run off with Beth or Jennifer or Scott or any of those other SHIELD agents that you’ve become so fond of?  I’m sure they’re all much younger and much more fit than I am.”
kitchen like he
Tony rubbed his temples. “I’m trying to focus all of my energy on
He can still feel the smooth metal of the pistol in his hand—can still feel the momentary thrill when he pulled the trigger.
Steve’s cock was a heavy and welcome weight on Tony’s tongue—the feel of it in his mouth, the knowledge that this was
“You’ve said before that anyone would want to date me, but do you have any idea how
Originally posted
buy you a new suit if it’s really that big of a deal.”
“I know. That’s why you’re not getting
“Is Pepper okay with you taking a week off work?”
“Maybe.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “I know Clint said it, but you didn’t deny it,” he muttered.
“I am!”
Steve barely knew the art of romance seventy years ago, so he didn’t know why everyone seemed to think he’d know it
“It’s fine. Water under the bridge,” she assures. “It didn’t take very long for both of us to realize we were making a mistake.  He’s happier now than he could have ever been with me.”
“I’m afraid I am not at liberty to give you that information.”
“You’re smart, good looking, and charming as hell.  I knew there was a good chance that you had… gotten around—”
Rhodey sighed. “Are you ever gonna tell me what happened?”
In the workshop, Tony is always in his element.  It’s where Tony gets his best ideas, and where Tony creates his most brilliant inventions.
After knocking on the doors of half a dozen other rooms and annoying the occupants of each (and being threatened by more than one person that they’d call hotel security on him for causing a disturbance), he finally stumbled upon Natasha’s room and she looked
“All of us spend a lot of time with each other,” Steve says hesitantly.
me,” Tony says when they pull apart a moment later. “You can’t expect me to not have a reaction.”
“Good morning,” Steve said, getting a chorus of greetings in return.
…but that doesn’t stop him from naming another.
“We’ve been giving each other pointers.”
Steve sucked down when he moved away, and Tony reveled in the feeling and pushed back into the heat of Steve’s mouth. Steve watched him, paying no mind to his own arousal which looked thick and aching where it was trapped behind his zipper.
Tony glances towards the back of the jet, and Steve must understand his silent plea if the way he stands up and retreats to the secluded corner is any indication.  Tony gets to his feet and follows wordlessly, ignoring the stares from the other occupants of the jet.
Steve covered Tony’s mouth with his own, effectively shutting the other man up.  He meant for it to be chaste, just a small reminder to Tony that they were both there, and nothing else mattered, but he soon felt Tony tugging on his shirt collar to pull him closer.  Steve, of course, obliged, getting lost in the feel of Tony’s lips, tongue, mouth, against his own.  The kiss quickly escalated to something more desperate, more frantic.  Tony was impatiently trying to take off Steve’s shirt, and Steve reluctantly pulled away to finish the job himself.
“I don’t wanna go away,” Steve replied, peppering kisses on Tony’s face. “I wanna stay here with you.”
Steve didn’t know what it was exactly that provoked him to utter his next sentence.  Maybe it was something in the salty California breeze?  Or maybe it was the full moon above them, but Steve did know one thing: “I want to spend the rest of my life with you.”  Because he did.  He realized, lying there with Tony in his arms, that there was nowhere else he’d rather be; no one else he’d rather be with.
“I…” The thing is, Tony
“Yeah… doesn’t mean I have to like it,” Tony grumbles.  He watches as Steve picks out a sleek, gray tie that goes wonderfully with his blue shirt–his blue shirt that clings to every dip and curve of his body–and it’s absolutely
“Nope.”
“Well, it can’t be Steve,” Clint said, as if pointing it out as the most obvious thing in the world.
And Tony never really knows what to do after that.
“What do you think I deserve, then?” Tony inquires.  He isn’t sure where he gets this sudden bout of confidence, but his date’s gone to hell, so he figures he doesn’t have anything to lose.
“The spaniel is deaf in one ear and the cat has a, uh, heart condition,” Steve informed.
Both of them look up and see a very tense Steve standing at the other side of the kitchen.  Ty immediately backs off, but his hands don’t leave Tony’s body.
“We slept together.”
Steve shook his head. “I’m okay.”
It’s obvious that Steve’s pulling out all the stops when he sucks on a particularly sensitive spot on Tony’s neck and unceremoniously shoves a hand down his pants.
Steve took a sip of the scorching hot liquid before replying, “Not on Sundays.”
“They
Steve’s mouth curves into a smile–a smile, Tony’s learned, that is only reserved for him–and the fact that Steve can still be so happy to see Tony after a terrible week and just look so damn
Tony didn’t know who moved first, but it really didn’t matter, because the only thing that mattered at that moment was the fact that he was somehow kissing Steve.
“When?”
Tony climbed onto Steve’s lap, pressing his hardening cock against Steve’s own. “What do you think?” he asked huskily before leaning forward and kissing Steve again.
He wants to let Tony know just how good sex can be—that it’s more than just two people trying to get each other off.
“I remember spending a lot of time with you,” Tony says.
“He told me I was
just slept together the night before—and then he asks if we’re still on for our practice date.”
you, so I think that still counts as me being able to take care of myself.”
“I’m just helping him out,” Tony defended. “He wanted some dating tips, so I offered my services.  Besides, weren’t you and Rhodey telling me to get back out there?   He’s helping me do that.”
Tony pouts. “That isn’t fair, Steve. That’s like asking me who my favorite child is.”
“I don’t see why a label is really necessary, then,” Steve says, stubbornly.
"I hope you aren’t disappointed," Steve says as he settles in his own chair.
Maybe it was the comfort of knowing someone else was there: someone who understood exactly what Tony was going through.  Steve never made a big deal out of it, and Tony knew it wasn’t unheard of to want some physical contact after having such traumatic nightmares (he wouldn’t have been surprised if Natasha and Clint did the same thing).
“Why the hell would he—I can’t even—What are the—”
The others take it slow, just as they had promised, but all of them had said they have no intentions of getting drunk tonight, so it isn’t like it really matters anyway.   Steve’s not exactly sure how the drink works.   Bruce murmurs something about
“I’m sure you’re well aware by now that Steve has had his fair share of lovers… but I’ve seen the way he looks at you, Tony,” she says. “He’s never looked at
“Jesus Christ, Natasha, I
Tony could feel “I pined after you for long enough.  I’d have to be an idiot to say no and—wait, what are you—”
“Sorry, sorry, brooding is more like it.”
“I’m fine, Tony,” Steve said, sounding unconvincing to even himself.
“Why?”
Steve still looked disbelieving. "But you did."
“This wouldn’t have anything to do with your huge, embarrassing crush on Steve, would it?”
Tony fell back on the bed and brought his knees up in anticipation as Steve uncapped the bottle.
Sam gets back from a week-long mission in South America with Clint and Natasha, and all he wants to do is kick back with an ice cold beer.  The last thing he expects to see in the living room is Steve and Tony, asleep and tangled up on the couch, looking far too close for it to be even remotely platnoic.
“I can,” Tony quips, and it eases the tension, if only for a few moments. “What do we do now?”
“I don’t have anything,” Tony groaned, rolling his hips against Steve’s. “Fuck, why don’t I ever have anything when this happens?  Wait, no, keeping moving,” Tony demanded when Steve stilled above him. “We can still—”
“Well, yeah.”
“A terrible privilege, I know.”  Steve turned his body so he could get a better look at his companion.  The movement made the quilt that was draped around them ride up, exposing Steve’s feet to the cool air, but he ignored it. “And what about you?”
what you did all night?” Sam remarks when Tony returns the next morning, a familiar red, white, and blue object slung across his back.
Steve took a tentative step forward, but Tony moved back as well, and seeing him back away hurt.  “I love you,” Steve said quietly.  If he knew this is what the conversation would evolve into, he never would have brought the subject up.
“Okay.  How are you, then?”
"If you had to choose between me or cupcakes, what would you choose?" Steve asks, watching Tony remove the paper liner of one of the baked goods.
Steve couldn’t fight back the stupid grin on his face if he tried. “You do?”
“Natasha is right,” Thor said. “We are concerned about you and Tony and would like to know if there is anything we can do.”
“Oh, no.  I meant the whole ‘your son is gay’ thing.”
? That was all
,” Tony amended. “Hell, the only reason you can still tolerate me after all of these years is because you’re halfway across the world most of the time.”
gifts.”
Usually, Steve and Tony would hang back and keep each other company, trying to avoid prolonged, unpleasant conversations with the attendees.  They would people watch until it was time for Tony to make whatever speech he had lined up for that night, and maybe linger for a few minutes after until they made an excuse about Avengers business and leave before the hors d’oeuvres were even served.
“’m sleepin,’” Steve mumbled.
Originally posted
Is he slurring a little?  He can’t quite tell.  He’s vaguely aware of Clint repeatedly muttering
“Someone leaked one of our… um… home movies,” Tony clarified as he measured out the coffee grounds.
Prompt: "inexperienced tony goes on a date with somebody who gets real handsy and winds up fleeing home, where he runs into steve while he's in the middle of freaking out. steve is like WHOA WTF NEED TO CUT A BITCH and assures tony that no there is no reason why he should put up with that and that he was totally right to ditch them"
Steve hasn’t minded though, even if it was a little ridiculous. After all, every one had a weird quirk or two.
“I love being with you, and I want to be with you forever, so…” Steve drawled, “do you want to get married?”
“Do I—Tony, I could never hate you.”
Tony opens his mouth to say something, but the words die in his throat.
Steve felt a wave of disappointment curl in his gut. “Is that all?”
Still, Steve didn’t know why Tony chose to spend so much of his free time with him.  Steve was certainly smarter than most others, but by no means was he a genius; he was often stubborn and stuck in his old ways; he wasn’t nearly as charismatic as Tony was, instead choosing to keep to himself most of the time.  They were opposites in almost every way, and yet… Maybe Tony
“I’d never do that,” Tony says.  He isn’t stupid–he knows the kind of people that Steve used to…
“Yes, because adopting six more animals on top of the two we already had constitutes as a 'good idea.’”
“My house, my rules, Barton!” Tony retorts.
“Sweetheart,” Steve says softly, capturing Tony’s attention again.
“What?!  Why am I not in on this?” Clint exclaims, making a beeline for their team's table.
Steve had learned very early on that the three most efficient ways of getting Tony to do pretty much
“It’s not your fault,” Tony replied, his exhaustion evident in his voice. “I know we should be used to situations like this by now, but I can’t.” He turned on his side to face the other man. “I can’t not worry about losing the few friends I have.”
“I know you aren’t going to hurt him.”
Well, let’s just say he adapts the mentality that most people believe
Prompt: BROKE NEWLYWEDS AU. Where Tony's been disowned shortly after graduating from MIT and their friends help them pay for a small wedding and they live in a cheap apartment while Steve waits tables and does art commissions on the side and goes to art school on a combination of scholarships and grants and Tony works at a mechanic shop while looking for a tech company that isn't afraid of SI destroying them for hiring him.
because Dr. Cho happened to be in town,” Natasha disputed.
, and don’t tell Natasha I told you this, but she’s a huge Rogers and Hammerstein fan.”
The woman’s eyes narrow. “You’re awfully comfortable for being here—What?  Two weeks?”
“I’m glad you did,” Thor said cheekily.
“‘cause it’s
“So this is what it takes?” Bruce says, amusement in every word. “A few G-rated compliments? You have entire legions of young women—”
“No,” Natasha says remorsefully. “It’s probably at the bottom of the river somewhere.  We'll have to scrounge up some equipment to look for it.”
“How do you just
Tony considers himself lucky that he and Steve were outed right before winter break, because he doesn’t know if he could’ve endured another day of being gawked at by his classmates and professors.
“Most people would jump at the chance to get free live entertainment like that.”
“Right.  I probably should’ve factored that in,” Tony admitted sheepishly. “I’ll rework the schedule later.”
Sam puts his hands up in surrender. “Whatever.  I’ll give you a free pass this time because Steve’s still sitting in a hospital bed.”
The kidnapping situation sucked, and watching his boyfriend cry over him sucked even more, but at least Tony could cross “sex on the balcony” off his bucket list.
Steve sat back on his heels and lifted Tony’s legs onto his shoulders.  His hands came to rest on Tony’s ass before he started fucking into him again.
“Does that actually surprise you?” he says incredulously.
“Gee, thanks.”  Tony turned his attention back to Steve, who was now sitting on the floor playing with Dum-E. “You said something about a movie?”
happier than he thought possible. “I know what everyone says about me, but I’m not.”
Steve looked up from his drawing to see Tony walking towards his table.  His suit jacket was unbuttoned, and his tie haphazardly stuffed into the front pocket.  Upon closer inspection, Steve noticed the dark circles under his eyes, but the man was still smiling.
Tony grabbed his hand anyway and led him towards the dance floor. “It’ll be worth it.”
of dates (thanks to Rhodey and Pepper) but none of them are very successful.
Tony takes in Bucky’s appearance and notices just how much of a contrast his neatly styled hair and impeccable D&G suit are to Tony’s own bedhead and pajamas.
They meet fall semester of their junior year in an art history class.  Steve needs to take the class for his major, but Tony’s only there for the elective credits.  He gets to class, skims through the boring text book for a couple minutes and almost walks out, but Steve (who is running a few minutes late because of practice) stumbles in and sits next to him, and Tony thinks the class might actually be all right.
“A show?”
Tony blinks… and blinks… and blinks: unable to extinguish the small flicker of hope that he’ll eventually open his eyes and find Steve still there.
,” Tony responds, as if that makes all the difference, and then proceeds to eat half of the concoction in one go.
“Tony,” Steve took both of Tony’s hands in his. “Tony, I love you.  I know the possibilities of my… my future,” he said, a little remorseful. “Neither of us know what the future holds for us, but I
Steve rolls his eyes. “I’m
—here.  In
“I do,” Steve answers without hesitation.  He takes pride in it.
“Nothing happened to me, Steve—”
of the spoon against the mug as Steve stirs in the milk and sugar.  It probably should’ve been awkward, but Tony’s glad to find that it isn’t in the slightest.
—but there’s one thing that he often forgets, and it’s that Tony was his teacher.
“You can’t take a day off?” Tony says incredulously. “SHIELD is no more; what work could you possibly have?”
Tony tipped his head. “Even with a guy?  You’re still into guys, too, right?” “Yes,” Steve replied.
—it’s quite terrible actually—but it’s marginally better than before—”
“This won’t take long,” Steve warns as Tony begins to move.
“We’re roomies.”
"I don’t suppose motor oil and a socket wrench would be good substitutes?"
“There’s a reason for that.”
Steve straightened and found Tony giving him a smile that was undoubtedly a mirror-image of the one on Steve’s own face. “Are you free tonight?”
, Steve?”
“She curated it.”
“I need you to hear me out, Tony.”
This guy smells like expensive cigars and cologne, and the coffee they’ve been drinking hasn’t done much to mask the taste of alcohol on his tongue.
Tony huffs a laugh. “Yeah, sure.  Of course.” He brushes Steve’s hair back. “Anything for you.”
not the charity function that Steve had told him they were going to earlier.
“Steve, what the hell are you talking about?”
In fact, he loves it when Steve looms over him, and loves that Steve could easily overpower him because he feels protected.  And Steve’s made it very clear that he would never let anything happen to Tony.  Ever.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said sincerely.
Tony wasn’t the type to lie: it was no secret that he had gotten around when he was younger, but none of those experiences could have ever prepared him for this.  The onslaught of sensation he got from Steve’s fingers alone was almost too much to bear, but he still wanted
“Because I thought that’s what you wanted!”
However, after that stunt, Steve had started seeing less sugary items hidden around the the tower, and they were practically nonexistent after he and Tony started dating. Yes, Tony still ate sweets like it was his job, but the fact he felt less compelled to hoard them put Steve a little more at ease.
Steve looks at Tony with curiosity, and unwinds his legs before getting to his feet.  He approaches Tony tentatively, like he’s a landmine fit to explode.  He rubs the back of his neck. “You, um, think my eyes are pretty?” he asks.
“Rhetorical or not, that’s probably the dumbest question I’ve ever heard,” Clint commented, making Natasha snicker.
Natasha leads him down the hall and into a relatively large room.  The security guards at the doorway pay her no heed when she walks in, but they eye Tony guardedly when he brushes past them.
Steve continues sending Tony gifts throughout the week: his favorite chocolates, a mixtape of his favorite music, and even a giant teddybear.  Tony tries his best to hide it, but Steve can tell that he’s elated with all of the attention.
Tony’s so head over heels for the man, it’s pathetic.
“Liar,” Tony said, but there was no heat in it.  He shut off his tablet, and the room immediately darkened—the only remaining light emitting from Tony’s chest.  Tony placed the device on the nightstand and motioned for Steve to come closer. “Jesus, you’re shivering.”
for my age?” Steve jokes.
“You know how I feel about texting,” Steve muttered, mostly to himself.  He wiped a hand down his face like he always did when he didn’t know how to handle Tony and his moods.
Tony looks at him skeptically, hoping that Steve answers without any prompting.
Steve shook his head in disbelief. “No, you won’t.”
would be lucky to date you.” “Thanks,” Steve replied with a shy smile.
Steve’s shoulders tensed, obviously not expecting the contact.
Tony had a point.  In fact, the more they talked about it, the more Steve was in favor of the entire arrangement.  Steve had tried following the advice from everyone else, but what they offered wasn’t advice so much as it was feeding him to the sharks.
“Anyway, she thinks I’m in Tahiti, surrounded by tall, leggy blondes and drinking virgin pina coladas.”  Tony shifted in Steve’s arms so he could straddle his lap instead, the thin quilt previously covering them fell to a heap on the ground.  “Little does she know,” Tony said, looking down at Steve with a playful smirk on his lips.
“I could think of harsher punishments than that.”
“I hope you brought an appetite,” Joseph says to Tony. “The six of us have a lunch reservation in a half-hour.”
thing?” Tony asked quietly.
“Nothing,” Steve said. “I’ve been busy—” “Sulking,” Sam cut in.
All in all, Steve considered it a success.
“That’s adorable,” Tony declares, staring avidly.  The man leans forward in his seat.
"Hm… maybe."  Tony pops another cookie in his mouth and holds the plate out towards Steve. "Want one?"
Tony must have felt Steve’s gaze because he looked up from his tablet.  “What?  Do I have something on my face?” he asked, frowning.
“How do you know that?”
“Look, I… I’ve been there.  More or less.  I told you before that, if I had the chance, I probably would’ve married Rumiko, but then she died and… I obviously don’t know how that would have turned out, but I don’t want you to have to go through that.  I can’t promise you a forever, because it
He had heard stories about Steve since he was a child from his father, his Aunt Peggy, and even from the Commandos when they would accompany Howard for poker night.  Tony was thrown for a loop when he realized that Steve was everything they all said he would be.  Steve lived up to his namesake every minute of every day, and Tony found it both intimidating
Steve slid his hands down Tony’s sides until they finally settled on his hips.  He was a little disappointed that Tony was no longer enveloped in his arms, but he had to admit that the lounge chair they were on was a lot more comfortable without two fully grown men lying on it.  “I think I’ve just been insulted.”
“You know what else is delicious?  An actual
times?
They had worked well together until they didn’t, and that day, Tony had gone home to find Pepper sitting on their bed, her suitcases already packed.  She’d apologized, kissed him on the cheek, and left for the airport.  Tony had seen it coming, of course, but that didn’t make it hurt any less.  He couldn’t even step foot on their floor, having since converted it into a state of the art gym, and instead taking up residence in one of the suites on the floor above.
“Holy shit,” Clint whispers. “I’m sending this to Sam.”
“This mess isn’t just your fault, Tony.  You need to stop thinking you’re alone in all of this.  I could’ve—” Steve shakes his head. “I can’t believe we’re actually fighting over who should take the blame.”
“You don’t think I know that?” Steve immediately regretted his outburst when Tony visibly shrunk in his seat. “I’m sorry.  I just… I’ve been trying, but it’s hard.”
Tony reached out and wrapped his fingers around Steve’s wrist, but Steve recoiled, ripping his arm out of Tony’s hold.  “You made a decision that affected our lives and you didn’t consult me.  You bargained your life with one of our enemies without telling me.
Everything was bigger, faster and louder—overwhelming for Steve’s heightened senses—but none of it was necessarily
He leaves his lab, but the words remain on his computer screen for a week.
“I went to the shelter this morning to get the British shorthair we picked out online, but as I was leaving this little guy was looking at me–”
, Tony.  The Avengers would be nothing without you.”
with that innocent boy scout façade—”
Tony looks over his shoulder—back at the largest smoking crater where he had been standing not an hour ago. “This isn’t how things were supposed to happen.”
“How could I after that?” Tony shot back. “He was acting like it was just another normal day— like we
“Right,” Tony said as the band finished the song. “No one should be disappointed, especially tonight.  Tonight is a happy occasion.”
Tony has absolutely no idea what he’s supposed to say to that.
"Why?"
him.  I’m sorry for ever thinking that you weren’t.”
Steve shakes his head. "I’m getting him back.  That’s all that matters."
, Tony,” Steve reminds him.  “Not them.”
Steve smiled. “It uh… it must’ve been a real treat to see Yul Brynner on stage.”
“If you say ‘fine’ one more time, Steve, I swear I will strangle you,” she promised. “You were out for a good twelve hours.”
He most certainly ignored the way Steve was nuzzling at his neck, murmuring “I’m sorry’s” and “I love you’s” into his skin.
Steve takes breath before speaking: ”To say we were just friends is kind of an insult to our relationship,” he says with a surprisingly level voice. “We knew each other for a long time—”
Steve says in a rush.
“I don’t need a quiz to tell me how stupid people are,” Tony says facetiously.
“Rover,” Tony replied immediately. “I’ve always wanted a dog named 'Rover.’”
But ten minutes later when he gets up to take a trip to the head, everything wobbles and he grabs a hold of the back of Bruce’s chair to keep from tripping and falling onto his face.
The wood of the podium suddenly cracks where Steve is gripping the edge, and it isn’t until Steve feels the splinters digging into his skin that he notices it.
, but Tony had wanted to surprise Steve with a nice home-cooked meal after he returned from his early morning meeting,
“Oh, that’s a shame,” Steve remarks.  “I thought maybe we could…”
“You just got out of a relationship—”
“Oh, I think it was very much called for,” Natasha countered.
Tony’s situated at his work bench, fine tuning something in one of the gauntlets of the Mark XLV.  His hair is in disarray, there’s a band-aid on cheek, and a dark smudge on his right arm.  The man looks up and peers at Steve through his safety goggles (which are so scratched that Steve’s surprised the man can see through them at all anymore) and he smiles.  Knowing the smile is directed at him—
Steve, and all of the team.  Steve had initially found out about Tony’s palladium poisoning from Natasha, albeit accidentally.  It wasn’t until after Steve had moved into the tower—after a late night conversation with Tony himself—that Steve had found out the severity of the entire situation.  When Tony and Pepper finally broke up, Steve hadn’t known what to expect, so he’d braced himself for the worst.
“But the party won’t be over for at least another hour,” Pepper said, clearly disappointed.
a minute, will you—
“You’re getting on my case for working eight hours straight?  That’s a far cry from the worst I’ve ever done,” Tony pointed out, even as he began to close out of his projects. “Isn’t the typical work day nine hours or something like that?”
crack: he was just surprised that the man still wasn’t schmoozing the crowd he was with not two minutes ago.
“Yes,” Steve says, flipping them over and straddling Tony's waist. “I do.”
Tony pulls Steve down and situates them so Steve’s head is resting on his lap.
“What are you doing there?"
“You’re asking about my stance on potatoes?” Tony asks incredulously.
Tony kisses Steve’s palm. “I want you to move back in with me,” he says. “I want to be with you.”
Tony looked up from the mess of flour and sugar on the counter and saw the confused faces of Pepper and Maria Hill.
that I want you, okay?  Just you.”
“I’m really not gonna be able to get rid of you, am I?” Tony jokes.
, according to the name sewn onto her apron—asked.
"Yes, Steve?"
“W-well, would you look at the time!” Steve stammers. “We’re going to be late if we don’t get moving—”
“He’s not like that,” Tony defends. “He isn’t… He’s nothing like the papers make him out to be.  He’s so thoughtful and considerate, and intelligent, and just… cares about others so much and—”
Natasha just presses a finger to her lips to shush him.
“A bit?! Nat, this is—I don’t even
“I’m sorry,” Steve said sincerely. “I shouldn’t have walked out like that.”
“Anyone could’ve given you that,” Tony counters “It’s just a
Steve leans over and kisses the top of his head. “I’ll make it up to you,” he promises before practically running out of the room.
“Who wants to accompany me on a wedding-related errand?” Tony announced to the room after hanging up the phone.
,” Clint said, reaching for his fork.
Steve opened his mouth to speak, but Tony put his hand up, willing for him to listen.
“Steve…”
But over the course of the past two months—maybe even longer—Steve realized that he had been falling for Tony.
“Right.  Um… if you say so.”
“No, you know what?” Steve interjected.  “It’s fine.”
Tony sat up and looked down at the man lying next to him—his face was smushed against the pillow, his hair unkempt, and the boxers he had haphazardly thrown on were riding so low around his hipbones that Tony could see the array of bruises that would surely be gone by the morning.  Tony had no idea how anyone could look so innocent and yet so absolutely
Steve regarded him carefully. “I know you are, and I’m sure she appreciates the thought, but you have to remember that it’s
“Someone’s gotta catch you up on pop culture,” Tony says, tossing back the last of his drink.
Steve frowned. “I think I of all people would know what I want, and what I want is to be with you.”
“Then this would be the perfect opportunity to change that, wouldn’t it?” Natasha countered.
Steve was doing absolutely sinful things with his tongue that made Tony want to buck up into the warm, wet heat of Steve’s mouth.
Pepper gave him a disapproving look. “Aunt Doris and Uncle Bob are very nice.  A little eccentric maybe, but they’re nice people, and they give
“What about me?”
Tony shakes his head and furiously fights back the wave of tears threatening to fall. “I’m not worth it.”
“No thanks to you,” Steve grumpily replied, peering over his shoulder. “What’s up?”
“No, it’s… That’s more than okay.  Whatever you want.  I trust you,” Steve said breathlessly.  He leaned forward, capturing Tony’s lips in another kiss.  “How do you want to do this?”
“You know how much I love celebrity gossip,” Steve quipped, turning the page of his book.  He continued his reading, even when he felt Tony lean against the back of the couch and rest his chin on Steve’s shoulder.
He loosened his grip in Steve’s hair gently pushed his fingers through it instead, silently asking for permission.  Steve made another low, guttural sound, and Tony firmly thrust into Steve’s mouth again. Steve moved his hand away from the base of Tony’s cock and curved it around the swell of his ass, encouraging his movements.
Tony retracted his faceplate after landing next to Steve. “No problem.  Since family time got cut short, how about we all go to dinner?  I’m in the mood for pizza.  What about yo—”
“Excessive?” Tony offered. “Ostentatious?”
Tony blinked. “Do what?”
Tony rolls his eyes. “If you really think I’d be bothered by the fact that you bedded half of the Victoria’s Secret angels before we met, Rogers, then you really don’t know me at all.”
When Steve is 24, Sarah Rogers dies of complications from her illness.
“Yeah, I… Sorry, Steve.  I’ve been trying to fix it,” Tony says. “Really, I have.  It’s just—These guys are absolute
“Let me,” Steve said, breath hitching and hands traveling down to Tony’s sides and settling on his hips. “Let me do this for you. Please.”
“Is that me?” Tony asked, looking over Steve’s shoulder.
Steve sent him the most intimidating glare he could muster. “I was reading that.”
It was exhilarating having Steve under him—the man could easily overpower Tony, and yet he let himself be at Tony’s mercy without question.
It may have just been a trick of light, but the smile on her face seemed to falter momentarily.
to ask you if you wanted to go on a date!” Steve cut in.
“Steve and I are very close friends,” Peggy says wistfully. “Some would even say ‘too close.’ It’s probably why things didn’t work out between us.”
It isn’t a secret that Tony is not very experienced when it comes to dating.
So out of the dozens and dozens of first dates, there are maybe a handful of second and third dates, and of
"Why not?”
“Of course, I have!” Steve hissed, just narrowly avoiding choking on a mouthful of chocolate chip pancakes. “But what does that have to do with anything?”
Bruce looked up from his book, the expression on his face clearly unimpressed.  “You two aren’t really our parents, y’know.  Regardless of how much we may joke about it.”
Tony turns his back and pours two cups of coffee for them, and hands one to the other man before retreating behind the safety of the kitchen island.  He tries not think about the absurdity of the scene: of Bucky dressed up and ready for work, and Tony cooking barefoot in
It had been one week since Steve had woken up next to Tony after the best night of his life, and one week since Steve and Tony had come back from Paris, and one week since Steve had heard from him.
“Evacuate the civilians!” Steve barked, blocking a particularly brutal kick from Bulldozer.
“And I do,” Tony said with conviction.  “God knows I do.”
Pepper thinking over the other line. “All right, well if you hear anything, let us know.”
“No, I mean, for… what you did earlier,” Tony clarifies. “I know you think it’s nothing, but I really do appreciate it.”
“Trust? Nat, he was completely out of line. Don’t they have to swear that he’s of sound mind and body—”“
ago were it not for Rhodey and Pepper keeping him in line.
the one who didn’t answer.”
Originally posted
that, and I’m owning up to it, I just—”
“I don’t see when you had the time considering you were asleep for almost seventy of them,” Tony quipped.
Tony ponders for a moment before he grins, wickedly . “You could tell me that story that Sarah never got to finish.”
Tony surged forward and captured Steve’s lips in a kiss as he started a leisurely pace.
Tony flashed a smile at him, but even he knew Steve could see right through it. “You give people too much credit, Steve.”
Since then, he’s been on dates… Okay, a
And again, and again.
“You continuously tried setting Steve up with people for the first month we were dating,” Tony says dryly. He would’ve been more annoyed, but he knows how he and Steve look–they aren’t exactly a conventional couple, not when Steve’s the head of a multi-billion dollar technology company and Tony’s a broke college student.
“Hi,” Steve greeted with a chuckle.  He knew he was grinning like an idiot, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care.
"Yeah."
,” Tony said, wildly gesturing to the animals that were clambering for Steve’s attention.
“I already told you: it’s you I’m dating, not them.”
“Yeah, I guess that’s what it would be.”
“I don’t really have an answer to that question considering
couldn’t find anyone else to uh, remedy your loneliness.  I’m sure Romanoff would do it if you asked her.”
“Should I be scared?” Pepper asked.
“Sorry,” Tony says sheepishly. “But a Mother's Day party?”
Prompt: college au where tony and steve become fuck buddies, fall helplessly in love but being dweebs about it
Tony’s never felt so complete in his life.
fine, so are we done here?”
There are a few times that Tony thinks he comes close, but ultimately, they never want that from him (it’s always just his ideas, his money, and his power).  No one that’s ever expressed interest in ever
Tony’s hand freezes over the door to the bathroom and looks over his shoulder to see a hoard of reporters and photographers stampeding towards him.
Tony sputtered. "I know
,” Bucky says seriously. “And I’ll be damned if he fucks this up.”
It isn’t like Tony’s opposed to the idea.  In fact, he’s pretty sure that he and Steve are more married than most other couples (what with living together, working together, and saving the world together).
Tony narrowed his eyes at Natasha.  “Of course there aren’t.” Part of him felt betrayed that his friends had all conspired against him, but another part of him knew that they were all just doing what they thought was best—even if they were playing dirty.
“They were pretty calm for finding out your boyfriend is next in line to inherit a country—”
Tony shrugged. “I don’t know.”
“So… where were you?”
Steve’s frown deepens. “How could you be making jokes at a time like this?”
“I never said that!” Steve exclaimed.
Tony can’t bear the of pure hurt on Steve’s face, especially knowing that he’s the cause of it: he’s always had a knack for saying the wrong thing.  “But you’re angry.”
“Uh…"
deafening than the rock music that Tony usually blasts while working.
about others.
“But—”
“What made you change your mind, then?”
“We live three blocks away from Times Square,” Steve said. “How have you managed to avoid this place for over a year?”
Tony ignored him and got to his feet.  “C’mon, let’s get some pizza.  I’m starving, and I’d bet good money that you are too.”
Steve scowled. “We aren’t fighting.”
Instead, he captures Tony’s lips with his in a kiss.
Steve responded by hitting him over the head with a pillow. “Idiot,” he muttered, but the smile on his face was fond, and Tony couldn’t help but smile back.
“We talk.  We communicate,” Steve says. “We need to be completely honest with each other from here on out.”
Steve had the sudden urge to take the three steps forward and close the distance between them and kiss him, but he wasn’t sure if they were quite there yet.  Steve was probably being ridiculous— the two of them had slept with each other just last night, and he was worried about
No, he isn’t a virgin by any means, but he does like to take things slow.  The others call him ‘old fashioned,’ but the thing is, he’s just never been comfortable having sex with someone he barely knows.
“Pointers? On dating?” Natasha questioned.  Her brow furrowed when Steve nodded. “Why would you ask Stark for dating tips when we’ve been trying to help you—”
“It’s been hectic lately, Peg.  I just needed my caffeine fix.”
“Do you want some coffee?” Tony offers lamely. “I mean, if you aren’t busy or…”
Thor laughs and claps him on the shoulder. “I would not lead you astray!”
“I didn’t realize you were such a Casanova—”
“Then why would you ever leave me?” Steve asked, demanding an explanation.
He went back to sleep with the feeling of Steve’s lips ghosting along his neck.
wedding, Tony.  Not—”
“I don’t mean it like that—”
So Steve may have staged a little intervention later that night, politely requesting that Tony go see a doctor to make sure that the excessive amounts of sugar weren’t affecting his body. Tony agreed, but not without a dramatic sigh and roll of his eyes. The next afternoon, he had walked into the kitchen with a very smug look on his face, and slapped a piece of paper in front of Steve declaring that he had a clean bill of health.
“Dear, there is no need for such formality,” the Queen says, her voice sweet like honey. She places her hands on Tony’s shoulders and smiles at him. “Any friend of our son’s is a friend of ours.  You may call me ‘Sarah.’”
“I know you didn’t, but it would still be nice to give you everything you wanted.  Everything you
“Nothing,” Tony replied. “He said ‘good morning,’ then he asked me how I was feeling, and that was it.”
Tony has JARVIS hide all evidence of the photos, and is about to dial the number of the Daily Bugle to give them an earful when Steve returns from his run and places one of the tabloid magazines on the counter.
Bucky chuckles. “You don’t have to be so dramatic.”
“I said, ‘I love you,’” Steve repeats.
Tony clenches his fists at his sides. “Why are you so goddamn
"You like it anyway."
Tony couldn’t pinpoint when exactly Steve had become a permanent fixture in Tony’s life, but he was just glad that it had happened at all.  Steve was always around, to the point where it became rare for Tony to go through a day without seeing or hearing from him.
“Don’t worry, I’ve got it,” Steve says. “Why don’t you sit down?  I’ll fix you up a new cup, too.”
“Don’t bother, every room is booked,” Tony said, immediately regretting it because it was now glaringly obvious to Steve that he had already tried to avoid this exact situation. “I mean—” “You’re right.  It’s just for one night,” Steve said.
Tony stopped in his tracks and turned towards him. “You want to get married, and I don’t,” he stated. “I don’t have any business being here.”
“I really don’t deserve you,” Tony continues, “but I’m going to spend the rest of my life—the rest of
“You know what? It’s not going to be all of this chocolate that’s going to give me cavities,” Hill said before popping another small handful of chocolate chips in her mouth. “It’s you two.”
“I said I’ll help you,” Tony clarified. “Flirting, dating… whatever.”
Tony looks at him remorsefully. “I’m sorry.”
“I think I did.”
“Tony, wait.”  Steve reaches for the other man’s hand, stopping him in his tracks. “Do you want to try sleeping with me?”  He blushes. “I mean, in my bed?  It might… help…?”  Steve was trying to refrain from revealing that he hadn’t been able to sleep well either, even if it was a little selfish.
“See?” Tony chimes in.   “Nothing to worry about.”
Steve frowns. “Hey—”
“Good to know,” Tony replied. “Just… stop with this self-sacrificial bullshit, okay?  I knew what I was getting into when I started dating you, and this isn’t going to scare me off.”  If anything, Tony actually felt
“Your appearance is adequate,” Phil says.
“They’re from that chocolaterie on Thompson,” Tony supplied.
“Gee, thanks,” Tony mutters, fidgeting with his shirt collar.
“It’s fine.  We’re dating, aren’t we?” Steve reasons.  “I’m sure we do it all the time.  We’ve known each other like this for almost two weeks now; we aren’t strangers.”
!” Tony says, looking him in the eye again. “Do you really want me to go through every single reason why we shouldn’t be together?”
“I wasn’t lying,” Steve says, “I told you I wasn’t ready.”
Tony’s giving Steve everything he has to offer, opening up his body to accommodate him, and meeting every single one of Steve’s movements.  He lets Steve take him apart and put him back together, over and over again.  Tony feels exposed letting Steve take him like this, but he doesn’t feel
“I… don’t think a drunken weekend getaway in Palm Springs counts as a relationship,” Tony remarked.   “Did I date anyone for longer than… I dunno, a month?”
Tony felt Steve’s hips move away inch by inch, leaving Tony feeling empty where Steve had once filled him.  Steve didn’t stop moving until the head of his cock caught at Tony’s entrance.
“Not!” Steve said vehemently. “We are
Tony’s face starts to creep with heat again. “Yes.  No.  I don’t know,” he whines.
admit you’re reckless,” Tony gloated.  He merged onto the street, surprised but thankful at the lack of traffic—at least they’d get to the restaurant sooner.
Afterwards, Thor brought it upon himself to buy everyone a t-shirt, and spent the entire walk home singing the entire soundtrack (and if anyone noticed Natasha quietly harmonizing every now and then, no one brought it up).
“Says the man that didn’t even pay for them,” Tony retorts, taking Steve’s hand and letting him be escorted towards the water. “They’re my favorite pair.  You’re lucky I’m a billionaire or else you’d be getting an earful.”
“We could do uh, something else…?” Steve says, hesitant.
“That is most impressive!”
“I hate you so much right now.”
“I know he has somewhat of a… reputation,” Bucky says, “but the man’s gotten his heart broken more times than I could count.  I’ve seen him at his best, Tony, but I’ve also seen him at his worst, and if there’s a way I can prevent the worst, then you can be damn well sure I’m going to try.”
Tony groans. “Are you kidding me right now?”
His fallen friends.
“Didn’t really have much of a choice,” Steve found himself muttering under his breath before he could stop himself.  He cursed at his lack of tact. “I’m sorry, I—”
Bucky wordlessly nods as he takes a seat on one of the barstools.
“I don’t
"Yeah, that’d be nice,” Tony answers. “Is this the part where we kiss and make up or something?” he jokes.
Steve paused, his eyes widening comically. “Um…”
“It’s been about six months in my time.”
It took almost no time for them to shed their clothing.  Steve’s hands cupped Tony’s ass and pulled him forward so they could grind their cocks together.
“What?” Tony sputtered. “She was batting her eyelashes at you and everything!” Steve must have really been out of it to not notice
“The point is,” he diverted, “There’s a reason I got the reputation of a playboy in the first place.  It wasn’t until I was in my 30s that I started to slow down, and after Afghanistan, I—”
Tony welcomes the arms that wrap around his waist.  “What gave me away?” he asks, leaning into the kiss that Steve presses against his temple.
Project Rebirth.  You were fucking
“Do you have anything?”
“I know,” Steve replies.  He fingers the gold band hanging off the chain around his neck: it’s a habit he had gotten into ever since Tony’s death, but this is the first time he’s let anyone actually see the small piece of jewelry. “I’ve got to try anyway."
“You have that look,” Tony remarked.
. He has more blood on his hands than he would like to admit—more sins to atone for than actual redeeming qualities. Every one that he’s ever cared about was put in harm’s way
Tony whistled. “That’s a little high for a sex tape, no?”
“Until recently, that is,” Steve amended.
dirty things that Steve had been doing with his mouth just a minute ago.
got into my systems?” Tony didn’t know whether to be shocked, impressed, or just plain annoyed.
, so he was admittedly little rusty.  However, judging from the little needy gasps Steve was making, he was doing a fairly decent job.
“Twice!” Tony corrected. “You made me come
AU where Tony dies in battle and Steve tries to cope. Angst with a happy ending. I promise!
No one moves, not even when Steve’s cries become louder and Thor and Carol escort him out of the room.
And Tony tells him so.  He gasps the three words just as Steve wraps his hand around him, and Tony comes so spectacularly he passes out for a few moments.
Steve rolled his eyes, and how was it that he could make an action as mundane as
“We didn’t—” Steve scowled when Tony smirked at him. “Shut up.”
Tony wants to tell him that he’s wrong. He’s wrong, he’s wrong, he’s
“You hold us up to these ideals.  You make us want to be better people—you make
“How recently?”
"Thank you,” Tony says when they get to Tony’s bedroom door. “No one’s ever…” He clears his throat. “Tonight was great.  I had a really nice time."
“…you’re right,” Tony yields, sighing heavily.
He apologizes profusely, but she doesn’t look the least bit miffed by the ordeal.  She takes a business card out of her purse and gives it to Steve with a smile that is just as friendly as it is predatory, if that were even possible.
interested in him.
Tony brushed the stray hairs away from Steve’s forehead before playfully kissing his nose.  “Still cold?” he asked, eyes sparkling with mirth.
“You’ll find someone,” Steve says with a sad smile, “Someone who’ll give you everything you want and treat you the way you should be treated.  Someone—”
pros of his lack of a gag reflex.
Tony had only heard the dulcet tone of that voice a handful of times before, but he could recognize it anywhere.  He made to stand up, but Frigga held up her hand, willing him to remain where he was, and with the kind of grace only a queen like her could muster, she took a seat next to him on the bench.
He doesn’t realize he says it out loud until Steve shifts in his sleep.  Steve reaches out and frowns when his hand touches nothing but air, and Tony abruptly climbs back into bed—back into Steve’s awaiting arms.  Steve makes a sound of contentment and buries his face into the crook of Tony’s neck.  It only takes a few moments for Steve’s breathing to even out again, and Tony just tightens his grip around Steve’s shoulders and kisses the top of his head.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said, “You had every right to yell at me.  I wasn’t thinking anything except that you were going to get hurt and…”
“I can’t believe you’re deserting me just so you guys can figure out which shade of black would make her guns less noticeable,” Tony whines. “You promised me steak and potatoes.”
Well… it isn’t a secret to his
He was laying claim to Tony’s mouth and coaxing sounds out of him that Tony didn’t even know he was capable of making.
“You got hit in the head pretty hard though,” Natasha said, carefully brushing the hair away from Steve’s forehead. “We couldn’t get to you on the comm.  Tony practically tore apart every drone with his bare hands to get to you.”
Steve scanned the room, looking for
in Steve’s body.  He sits up, re-positioning Steve on his back so he can straddle him.  Tony leans forward to kiss him before moving his hips, and the resulting sound that Steve makes is just so damn
“Good use of your deductive reasoning skills then,” Tony comments, sprinkling some more flower food onto the soil.  He finds himself spending more and more time in the garden these days.  It was nice to get away from work every now and then.  “What about you make yourself useful?” he says, handing over a spray bottle.
"Dude.  You’re dating royalty,” Rhodey says. “This explains so much."
“That’s… fair,” Natasha said, but she didn’t sound very sure of herself.
“And you adopted every animal they had?”
Steve knew it was irrational for such a simple and
Steve wrinkles his nose. “You’re like a four-year-old.”
He calls the number later that night, and the voice on the other end is tentative and obviously young. It’s evident that
“I know. It’s okay, baby,” Tony promised, rocking back once more before leaning forward, bracing one arm on the ground to steady his weight. He licked his lips again and shifted until he could get his hand around both of their cocks. He tightened his hold, feeling barely noticeable tremors in Steve’s body as started stroking a steady rhythm.
It’s not the response Ty was expecting, if the scandalized look on his face is anything to go by.
“I feel like I should be thanking you,” Tony replied.
“I’ve been told that I’m pretty fucking hilarious, actually,” Steve said, deadpan.
“Nope.”
Steve doesn’t even have a chance to respond before Tony smears the remains of the cupcake all over his face and body.
Tony found himself blushing from the simple compliment. “Jarvis used to plant them at the mansion,” he explains. “He had other flowers too, but lilies were his favorite.  He’d let me help out whenever I was home from school.”
“Hm…” Tony could practically
Legally Blonde
Steve was glad that living at
“You have the website bookmarked.”
“Why are you making such a big deal out of this?” Steve counters.  He stands up, towering over Tony, and Tony gets even
“Yes, I’ve had sex
“Okay, I take back my earlier statement,” Tony said, his eyes raking over Steve’s body appreciatively.
in his arms, but it was the first time Steve woke up feeling… happy.
,” Steve pointed out. “You’re one of my best friends; of course it’s easy for me to talk to you.  But back in my day, any occasion where I opened my mouth usually ended with me getting my ass kicked all the way to Queens.”
Steve drops his bags, and Tony practically runs into his open arms, relishing the feel of being surrounded by
why they call them ‘surprise’ parties,” Steve says, wrapping his arms around the other man.
Sam shakes his head. “I got out a couple years ago.”
“Mr. Stark, if you could—"
Tony sighed. “It’s still too much,” he said dejectedly. “I knew it.  I’ll find something, I swear—” Steve reached out and grabbed his arm. “Steve, what are you—”
“Of course not!” Tony says indignantly.
“So what’s everyone doing for Christmas?”
into you.”
at best,” Tony says matter-of-factly.  “My suit encompasses my entire being.”
A few days after taking up residency at the tower, Steve had found a box of doughnuts in the cabinet beneath the sink. A week after that, he found candy wrappers in between the couch cushions, and half of a chocolate cake with his name on it (literally, on a post-it in obnoxious lettering) in the fridge. The blond was also surprised to find out that Tony liked his coffee light and sweet, and not black as he had originally thought.
As cliché as it sounded, Steve could’ve sworn he felt his heart skip a beat at the endearment.
“I didn’t ask you to do any of those things,” Tony shoots back.
This time Tony’s eyes nearly bug out and he turns impossibly redder, stuttering, “Uh... That’s—I mean, what—”
secret.
,” Steve said. “Tony, how could you?!”
Tony looks at him incredulously. “Why me?”
Steve felt the tension in his shoulders dissipate with every feather light touch of Tony’s fingers, his body relaxing and melding against Tony’s like they were one.
Originally posted here.
“Steve–”
“I’m not looking for anything except to be with you!” Steve tells him. “I’m not expecting a proposal or anything like that.  I just wanted you to know how I feel.  That's all, I swear.  Whatever you
“I meant for tonight,” Tony clarified. “I haven’t been to a Broadway show since I was a kid.” “I know.”
So they got into Steve’s helicopter and had Steve’s pilot fly them back to the penthouse, and the ride wasn’t unpleasant necessarily, but it was obvious that Steve didn’t want to talk about it yet (which was perfectly fine with Tony).  And upon arrival, Tony passed out on the couch because yes, he may have escaped any actual injury, but he learned that getting kidnapped really took a lot out of a person.
“Right.  I forgot about that little detail.”  Steve surveyed their surroundings. “I know most New Yorkers tend to avoid Times Square like the plague—hell, Tony would probably face off against the Mandarin again before coming here—but I’ve never minded it that much.”
Tony made a sound of approval. “I won’t deny he has good taste in literature.  Don’t know if I can say the same for his wardrobe.”
Tony nodded.
“I bet you never thought you’d be here, huh?”
“It’s completely normal if you feel a little lonely—”
“And how do you know this?”
“I was at the library,” Tony replies, and it comes out more as a question than a statement.
In the twenty-eight plus years that Tony has been living on Earth, he had had one serious relationships with a business associate shortly after taking over Stark Industries, but that had crashed and burned within six months.
Tony waved him off. “J said no one’s home, so you can freak out about
He can’t help but be glad that Steve had forgotten it that morning: he’s not sure how he would’ve been able to get it back from the coroner without raising suspicion.
Apparently not.
Steve urged him on his back, and before Tony could process what was going on, Steve swallowed him down with little effort.
This time, it’s Steve who looks at him in disbelief. “Why are you looking at me like I’ve suddenly grown another head?”
Bucky straightens his back and takes a another sip from his mug. "What I’m saying is: Steve would have to be a fucking
“You really don’t care about my… past?”
Originally posted
Steve turned around at the familiar voice. “Tony?”  His voice most certainly did
Tony clutches it like a lifeline, but it feels more like an anchor dragging him deeper and deeper into the ground.
“Yeah, whatever,” Tony said, dismissing the comment, but Steve could see the smallest hint of a smile on his face.
“I told you nothing’s wrong.”
Despite the initial apprehension, Steve found the transition from ‘just friends’ to ‘lovers’ to be a lot easier than originally anticipated.  It seemed that a near-disastrous mission followed by adrenaline-fueled ‘thank-God-you’re-alive-sex’ was all they need to turn their three-year friendship into something more. (Well,
“Someone got a hold of your sex tape,” she said.
“Pretty recently.”
Marie nods dumbly. “Of course,” she says, bowing her head. “You won’t last,” she sneers at Tony. “None of them ever do.”
Steve shook his head. “No, it’s okay.”  He didn’t need them, not when he had the real thing.
“You’re welcome to crash here tonight,” Tony offers. “God knows I have plenty of spare rooms.  Feel free to use whatever.”  He stands up and stretches, working out the kinks in his back.  When he looks back at Steve, he realizes the man had been intently looking the patch of skin where his shirt had ridden up.  “Something wrong?”
Regardless, it isn’t much of a shock that Natasha finds out first.
Clint sneaks out of the kitchen, extra careful so as not to make any noise.  However, it’s proven to be futile when he hears the loud crash of a plate falling onto the floor, followed by a low, drawn out moan.
“I’m not asking for forever,” Tony says. “Just promise me you’ll try.”
about that lowpoint in his life, and for the others to think that he’d
so the following is just a small fraction of the content that was created by me, onemuseleft/nightwalker, pensversswords, and unsentpromises.  Some is in fic form, some is just rambling... I'm hoping to turn this into an actual full-fledged fic one day. :)
“We ‘
“What the hell was that?"
He’ll never be able to shake the feeling of holding Steve’s lifeless body in his arms.
Tony looked at him in disbelief. “Are you kidding?  She practically forced me to take a vacation; said I was spending
Steve doesn’t bother dignifying Tony with a response, instead continuing to lead Tony past the sand dunes, towards the sound of the crashing waves, until they get to…
Tony attention goes back to Steve: his face is bruised, one eye dark and seemingly swollen shut, and stitches on the edge of his mouth.  More bruises and bandages peek out from under the pale hospital gown.  He looks worse than Tony has ever seen him.
Steve left with Sam whenever they got a lead on the Winter Soldier’s whereabouts, sometimes taking Natasha with them, but they never came back with any luck.  Tony helped when he had time, despite Steve’s protests: they never spoke about the assassin’s likely involvement in his parents’ deaths, but if Tony could find a way to help, there was no stopping him.
“At least
. “Steve—”
"I just found out that
“So are you evergoing to let me drive it?”
Tony approaches Steve slowly, afraid of driving him even further away than he already has. “I messed up.  I should’ve told you, but—”
everything.  I’m going to spend all of the time you gave me doing just that because nothing else matters if I can’t have you.”
His first instinct is to suit up, but he thinks better of it.
Almost immediately, Steve found a team.  From that team, he found a family, and in that family, he found a home.  Steve saved the world on a bi-weekly basis, all while trying to navigate his way through the constantly changing world, but there was one thing that remained constant, and that was Tony.
Steve brings Tony’s hand to his lips, kissing the gold band on his finger. “I love you, too.”
“I guess,” Steve replied, knowing a dismissal when he heard one.  He took the waffle off of the iron, put it on a plate, and held it out for the other man.
“Everything’s great,” Tony replied. “But I was wondering if I could get another drink?”
going to tell you, Rhodey, I swear—”
“Are you angry with Tony?”
joking,” Steve reasoned.  “Tony, babe, honey,
Tony eyed him skeptically. “Are you… You’re asking?  For real?
“From our anniversary?  Out on the deck, remember that?”
him and left books on sexuality in the modern world in places Steve would easily find them).
they did all night?
“I don’t regret it.  I knew the costs, and I knew you wouldn’t have approved if I had taken you with me, but it needed to be done.”
"What did you think I was trying to do?"
Eventually, he closes his eyes, and they don’t open again.
“Whoa!  I didn’t
Tony glances at the ring, back at Steve, and then back at the ring.
“Yeah, I did,” Tony says, still looking down.  “I just… I
, his mind supplies.  A string quartet is playing a lovely arrangement of
Tony bit his bottom lip, something he always when delivering particularly bad news, “Look, I think it would be for the best.  I mean, it was bound to happen sooner or later, right?” he said, refusing to look him in the eye.
"How does a picnic in the park sound?"
rest of his life.
“No, Tony.  I really don’t.”
Steve felt his face heat up from all of the attention. “It’s really isn’t—”
“Excuse me?” Thor said, giving Steve a disbelieving look. “You and Tony—”
“Why?” Steve demanded. “You know I hate it when you say things like that.”
Then she sees Tony re-enter the room from… the balcony? How did he manage to slip out from her radar?
“That’s not—” Steve stopped himself and raked a hand through his hair.
Never in the two years that they’d known each other had Tony ever shown any signs of uncertainty, but that night, Steve’s heart had broken when he had heard Tony’s sobs of
“I love you,” Tony said, peppering Steve’s face with kisses. “I’m not leaving you.  Ever.”
,” Steve says fondly, cupping Tony’s cheek. “It’s… All we wanted to do was to let you know how much we appreciate everything you’ve done for us.”
“You’re a good thing,” Tony clarified. “Honestly, you’re probably
“You’re gonna get yourself hurt,” he says.  His voice is edged with anger and disapproval, but there’s genuine concern on his face.
Steve had learned very early on that the three most efficient ways of getting Tony to do pretty much
The wiser choice would’ve been to let Steve use a damn condom.  The fact that they were doing this at all was already hitting so close to home, and the last thing Tony should do was get more attached than he already was, but Tony wanted him.
“Did you enjoy yourself today?”
"The one and only,” Steve replies with a grin.  "Shall we?“ he asks, gesturing to the chair he had pulled out for him.
bill.
So he graduates (early, of course), starts working, and eventually takes over the company.  And maybe he makes slightly more responsible decisions, but he doesn’t stop partying.  Doesn’t stop sleeping with people he barely knows because sex is a wonderful distraction, and a ton of fun—it’s nudity and orgasms, so why wouldn’t it be?
“Oh, great  Now I have to make
“Cut the chatter and surrender already!” Thunderball yelled as he lunged for Thor.
Clint scoffed. “What is this, the first grade?”
–more than he thought was humanly possible.
Tony frowns. “They’re still complaining?  I thought gave them enough money to shut them up for the next five years.”
“Yeah, but that was… before...” Tony trailed off.  He wasn’t sure how to breach the subject without seeming like an insensitive ass.
“At least let me take another look at it.  I promise not to make any changes without your permission.”
“Mm… that you are,” Steve says before capturing Tony’s lips in a kiss.
Tony scowls. “It’s
, Tony wants to say, but bites his tongue.  He’d go to the ends of the universe for Steve without a second thought.
Pepper is also the one that takes a photo of Tony’s slack-jawed face when Tony sees Steve, dressed to the nines in a dark blue suit, waiting for him at the table.  She pats Tony on the back before making her exit.
“I didn’t expect to see you here,” Natasha says as the doors slide closed.  She leans against the wall casually, but all of her attention is on him.  “At least, not this soon.”
Nonetheless, Steve had felt compelled to buy it and had shipped it from the nearest post office.
For a few moments, the world stops, and all Tony is aware of is
“Depends.” Steve sidles up to him, backing him against the work bench. “Are we going to the same place you took me to the last two times?” he asks, leaning in so their noses are almost touching.
Tony relaxed his body and welcomed the intrusion.  Steve’s slow, languid movements were excruciating, and Tony was debating the merits of whether or not to tell Steve to hurry up the pace when Steve’s finger brushed against his prostate.
“Very much.” Tony shivered when another strong gust of wind blew past them. “Are you sure you aren’t cold?”
Steve talks to the reporter for almost two hours, and when they shake hands, Tony thinks they’re finally done, but then Steve apologetically reminds Tony of the cover photoshoot.
“Clint,” Steve said dubiously.
Steve frowned. “I know you—”
irritated.
Steve beams at him. “I think that's a great idea.”
“Can I stay in your room?” Tony blurted.
Natasha snorted. “I think you’re just offended that Stark didn’t ask
“I bought you flowers, took you to dinner, took you
His breath caught in his throat at the realization that Steve was asking for
“For so long, I thought I knew what I wanted,” Steve confesses. “I thought I had it all figured out, but then I met you, and I realized that I didn’t know
“Yeah, well his head would’ve just smashed it in and you would’ve had internal bleeding,” Steve stated.
“Oh, my
However, after that stunt, Steve had started seeing less sugary items hidden around the the tower, and they were practically nonexistent after he and Tony started dating. Yes, Tony still ate sweets like it was his job, but the fact he felt less compelled to hoard them put Steve a little more at ease.
“You were all in on this?” Steve asks, his voice in full Captain mode again.
“What happened with you two?” Sam asked, genuine concern on his face. “I haven’t seen you guys together since you got back from Paris.”
“Look, Natasha and Thor want to go out for some drinks.  Why don’t you come along?  It could help get your mind off of things,” Sam suggested. “C’mon, it’ll be fun.”
sense of the word.
Tony isn’t surprised to find another certificate in his mailbox a few weeks later:
“I’m glad I never got you roses then,” Steve says.
“Yeah, of course,” Tony said distractedly.  Glancing at the clock on his desk, he realized he had been staring at the same document in his hands for a good twenty minutes. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
Tony tried to look away, but it didn’t take long at all to realize that Steve was right.  It felt like the dog was staring into the very depths of his
“What do you want?” Tony murmured against Steve’s lips.
Steve is the one that blushes this time. “I mean, uh… you’re always with such classy, high society people, and—”
that Tony spoke without prompting:
“What kind of question is that?”
They usually consist of dinner or a movie, and end with the girl (or guy) asking to go back to Tony’s place.
“I’d be more than happy to go on a quest for water—” “That really won’t be necessary,” Natasha assured.
,” Sam says with a snicker, making Tony blush.
He’s working as a freelance artist, barely scraping by as it is when his mother gets sick.  He’s pacing in the hallway of the hospital trying to figure out a way to finance the care that his mother desperately needs. He walks into Maria Hill, who’s there to visit a friend recovering from an appendectomy, and almost causes her to spill her coffee all over her satin blouse.
Natasha scoffs.  “Of course, I’m right.”
"Did you really come all the way out here to question my business with you?"
“I figured it was the perfect opportunity to go, since you wouldn’t know fine art if it hit you in the face.”
“Steve,” he pleaded. “I need—”
some kind of hell—and then turns and saunters back over to where he was sitting on the floor, against the couch.  Tony stares and a very undignified noise escapes his throat because that’s—that’s not the way Steve walks.  He would have absolutely noticed if Steve walked with that much goddamned swagger before.
“Still, I’m glad he had you to depend on.”
"I heard that you’re usually forward with others,” Steve said with a shrug. “I thought that’s just how things are done these days."
“I totally forgot that I have a thing,” Steve says.  It’s such a blatant lie, but Tony’s kind of curious to see where this goes. “Natasha just texted me to remind me about it.”
any of the stuff; he just gave it to me.”
Tony buries his face into the crook of Steve’s neck, and feels Steve’s arms curl around him protectively.  He doesn’t feel like he’ll ever truly deserve Steve’s love, but he’s grateful for it all the same.
“He’s young,” Bucky supplies. “Good looking, smart, and
Tony looks at the screen and sees a photo of Steve on a horse, wearing a… royal officer’s uniform? “Oh, my God.”
“I still don’t understand why you ever thought that was a good idea,” Natasha muttered under her breath.
Tony buries his face into the crook of Steve’s neck. “I don’t deserve this,” Tony admits, his voice slightly muffled by the fabric of Steve’s t-shirt. “I haven’t done anything to deserve any of this.”
Unofficially, it’s Steve, who whispers it to Tony in the very early hours of the morning while the man is still deep asleep.  It happens about two months into their relationship.  Steve knows that getting into a relationship with someone like him isn’t easy, let alone for a senior at MIT… so he decides to keep it to himself, instead choosing for the “right” moment to say it.  The very last thing he wants to do is overwhelm Tony so much that he decides to leave.
good night.
“Okay, then, Steve Rogers, would you like to go on a date with me tonight?” Tony asks.
Tony spun around in his chair and lo and behold, the man in question was there.  Tony was eternally grateful to see that the color had returned to Steve’s face.  “Should you be up?” Tony asked, getting to his feet.
“All I’m saying is it wouldn’t surprise me.”
Tony smirked. “They have these chocolate bonbons that are practically an orgasm in your mouth—”
by it.  I meant that you could be out there right now with anyone you wanted, so I don’t understand why you’re wasting your time helping
“Force this,” Steve said, gesturing between the two of them. “
“Oh, I don’t know… with the rest of the team, perhaps?” Tony said wryly.
“Your shield is just an
“Tony, I—
Tony rolled his eyes. "Just shut up and kiss me.
“I don’t understand why everyone thinks you’re… ‘corrupting’ me.”
Tony blinks.
Tony hits his chest. “Don’t you dare give me that innocent look, you little shit—”
“Being mad at you isn’t the same as me not
Tony nodded and added another splash of vanilla extract.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said quietly in the darkness of the room. “For scaring you like that.”
ever tells me ‘no’—I would stop.  No one should have to put up with that.  You don’t deserve that.”
He’s slow on the trip to the bathroom, limbs heavier than normal.  He has one hand against the wall to keep him steady as he relieves himself.  Then he washes his hands and stares at his own blushing face in the mirror.  He can’t tell if his eyes seem dilated or not.  He prods at his lips, and grins at the the way they tingle around the edges.  He really might be drunk!
More than anything, Tony wants to take Steve in his arms and assure him that he’s okay—that they’re both alive and okay, and both sitting together on that street curb.  He wants to kiss him and just lose himself in Steve’s touch, but he knows it isn’t a possibility with so many other people around.
The problem? The man was absolute shit at showing it.
He hightails it out of the room so he can break the news to Jane.
“I’ve had worse,” Steve mumbled.
“Of course,” Tony interrupted. “I promised I’d help you out, didn’t I?”
letting anyone catch on.”
“But you still want to!” Tony countered. “You still want to, and I can’t give you that.”
…until the Wrecking Crew decided it was a perfect time to attack the Theater District.
“I don’t think Pepper would fall under the category of ‘most people.’”
Originally a
He knows it’s irrational, but Tony still feels a tiny pang of jealousy when he hears her say that.
Steve smiles.
Tony rolls his eyes. “You really want me to say it?”
“What is going on?!” Steve asked, his voice bordering on hysterics.
“Well, let’s just say you haven’t seen it yet.” Steve said before swinging his ax and effectively splitting the same log in two.  He relished in the annoyed look on Tony’s face.
“Steve,” Pepper started. “The PR team is already handling it.  They’re doing whatever they can to try to smooth this all over.  Of course, this isn't the most ideal way to finally make your relationship public, but—”
“No, I’m not.  Not at all.” Steve whips around in his chair so quickly he almost knocks his mug off the counter. “No one should ever treat you like that, Tony.”
Steve grins and drops into the empty chair beside him, flinging his arms out when it rocks back on two legs.
“Have a nice day!” Pepper says with a bright smile before turning crisply on her heel.
“Great,” Tony said into his mug. “You?”
, and…
“Distracted?” she offered.
Original post
“How do you propose to do that—
"How did you meet the Prince?"
Rhodey gawks. “That talk happened over two months ago!”
“Wha—”
Well, fuck.
Tony closes his eyes as he finally feels sleep start to overcome him.
,” Steve said, his voice gentle.  “I know you just want the best for her—and don’t take this the wrong way—but you really need to learn when to back the fuck off.” “I suppose I could work on that,” Tony grudgingly agreed.
life more times than I can even remember,” Steve says, cupping Tony’s face.  “Ever since I woke up in this time, you were there: whether it was you having my back in a fight as Iron Man, or you showing me around the city, you were
It was no wonder the rest of the team called them ‘mom’ and ‘dad.’
Steve was mortified when he realized he was blushing.  As far as Steve knew, Tony lacked a brain-to-mouth filter and said whatever was on his mind.  Steve had gotten used to it, having learned when to take Tony seriously, but comments like that could still throw him for a loop .
“Not quite,” the blond replied, words rumbling teasingly against Tony’s body. Steve started stroking him, firm and steady pulls of his hand that had Tony arching to follow the thrust of his fist. Steve’s mouth left a trail of open-mouthed kisses along Tony’s hip bone, before sweeping his tongue along the shaft.
Tony was almost positive the team didn’t know since the rest of them lived on other floors, which was perfectly fine since there was absolutely no need to publicize their unconventional arrangement.
“That wasn’t—!”
No way.
Tony groaned and shoved his fingers into Steve’s hair, messing up the sodden blond locks with clumps of mud that went unnoticed. “Steve,” he whined, keening as his fingers tugged at Steve’s head. “Steve, baby, please.”
Tony’s so head over heels for the man, it’s pathetic.
“Tony!”
“What about me?”
“Don’t sass your mother like that,” Steve joined in, making Thor and Clint double over in laughter, and Natasha to choke on her soda.
“And the ladies?”
“Tony,” Steve said slowly, “what did you
“Yes,” Tony said matter-of-factly.
So Steve did what any other person would’ve done in his situation: avoided eye contact.
Cupcakes.
Prompt: Steve/Tony, high school AU, they have to parent one of those super real fake baby dolls
is the right time for–
“No, but knowing Natasha and Pepper, they probably planned for every possible outcome of this scenario,” Steve replied.  He unzipped another pocket and found a bottle of lube as he predicted.
Phil chuckles in response, but doesn’t say anything for the rest of the ride up.
“Why not?  It’s been
“I thought we were getting Thai food?”
“No, thanks.”
“You’re the only one who ever actually talks to him,” Rhodey reasons. “We’ve seen the way he looks at you.”
"No, I’m prett—I’m
“What do you have to be sorry for?” Tony questioned instead.
“You guys get on my case when I don’t go to work, and now that I’m here, you’re still on my case,” Tony said tiredly. “What do you want from me?”
, so he isn’t exactly surprised that he can already feel his body going through withdrawal: full body tremors that leave him shivering despite the hundred degree weather.  His stash is within reach, but even the sight of the stuff makes him sick.
Steve looked…
Steve laughs. “What a hardship.”
Steve found Tony looking out the expansive window of their room with a cup of coffee in one hand, and a room service cart piled high with breakfast food next to him.  His dark, sleep rumpled hair was a sharp contrast from the fluffy, white bathrobe he had tied around his waist.
Steve had sought out Tony in his bedroom later that night to have a talk with him, and instead found the guilt-ridden engineer sitting on his bedroom floor with a tumbler in his hand.
So they wine and dine, and share a dessert.  Steve pays for the meal, and he walks Tony home.
Steve takes both of Tony’s hands in his own. “To be fair, I wasn’t planning on telling you.”
Tony swallows. “What, like a shovel talk?” he remarks, keeping his tone as light as possible. The last thing he wants to do is give Bucky any indication of how much the man intimidates him. “If I hurt him in any way, you’ll kill me, right?  Well, don’t worry because Peggy, Natasha, Sam and even
“I promise we’re doing everything we can to handle the situation,” Pepper said, after Steve started watching the video.  “We’re releasing a statement as soon as we can—”
Tony had made a call to the International Star Registry shortly thereafter, but when he had the certificate in his hands for a star named after
He knew that Bruce and Natasha collectively stocked an entire kitchen cabinet with herbal teas, but they hated any blends that were overwhelming fruity.  He knew Thor had a small library in his room of books by his favorite authors that he liked to reread in his spare time.  He knew Tony secretly enjoyed watching soap operas (or mocking them, same difference), and that Clint spent Thursday afternoons at the local animal shelter.
Clint’s really,
at fault there.”
he tells himself, but his eyes are apparently magnetically attracted to it, because he glances down and his brain has processed the five words before he can stop it.
for as long as you’ll have me,” Steve replied. “I don’t… I’m not always good with words, you know that.”
“Thank you.”
“You’re going to tell me that the money doesn’t matter, and that it never mattered, and all you want is for us to be together because we love each other, blah blah blah,” Tony said in a flippant tone, but the look on his face was anything but confident.
It wasn’t until an hour later that Steve heard Tony’s approaching footsteps.
particular look was reserved for Steve and Steve only.
“Very funny.”
.  He throws around empty threats all the time.”
Steve visibly tenses as he tries to find the right words.  ”Tony was…” He clears his throat and inhales deeply before trying again: “Tony was more than…” Steve hears the crack in his voice when he says Tony’s name and feels the tears welling up in his eyes.  He feels Thor gently squeeze his shoulder in reassurance, and he musters up the courage to try again. “Tony was my best friend,” he finally says. “He knew me better than anyone, and I…”
The month following his break up with Pepper had been a particularly trying time: for Tony,
“Do you
Tony had gotten rid of every ounce of liquor in his suite and stayed clear of the stash on the common floor.  He began to work less, ate and slept normally, and spent more time with the team.
"So…”
“And you know me better than them?” Steve challenges.
“No self-respecting da—
Steve had had Tony’s cock in his mouth and blown him within an inch of his life not five minutes ago and now he was
That certainly explained Tony’s instant connection with the cat.
Instead, he wrapped his arms around Steve in a tight embrace and let the larger man sob into his worn college sweatshirt.
Tony stares at her dumbly.
Tony had spent the past two months trying to ask Steve out and the supersoldier
Tony whined when Steve withdrew his fingers, but he didn’t have much time to mourn the loss because Steve’s cock was easing inside him instead.  His head fell back onto the pillows as Steve continued to push forward at an agonizingly slow pace.  It seemed like hours before Tony finally felt Steve bottom out, his hips flush against Tony’s ass.
Tony initially blamed it on decades of hero-worship, but part of it could probably be attributed to the fact that Steve was ridiculously good-looking and Tony would have to be
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Steve said, rolling his eyes.
“Fine,” Tony replied, absently moving a few random objects on his desk. “At least that’s what Bruce said.”
“I am
He may still be capable of moping.
In the doorway, he hears the shuffle of footsteps and he automatically glances over his shoulder to see who it is.  He freezes when he sees Steve, bleary-eyed and clothes rumpled from his sleep.  The others are staring, too, waiting for the man’s reaction.  Like Tony, they’re probably wondering how much Steve remembers of last night.  Thor never said anything about Asgardian mead causing hangovers, nor did he say if it were possible to black out.
, Rogers."
Steve couldn’t argue with that.  He should be glad that he had Tony all to himself for the next five days. “You’re right.  No work; free of distractions and supervillains.”  He kissed Tony’s temple and Tony made a sound of contentment.
