He saw it happen, of course, and fuck, he knew what was going to happen, but his brain fogged up as it did, seeing the portal, seeing them jump into it,
that it makes his chest ache and his eyes sting and his heart aches oh it aches it aches it aches because how could Steve ever think that he could ever would ever deserve Tony because Tony is a better man than Steve could ever hope to be and Steve never gave him enough credit not then now now not ever and Tony is just so so so everything that Steve ever wanted to be everything that Steve
He whipped his head around, and the sight he saw made his heart sputter.  Steve was holding the costume, unfolded, gazing at the thing with amused eyes.
And he was gone.  And Tony was okay, because couples were apart, and it was normal, and all Tony wanted was to feel normal for five fucking seconds, and he would be okay.
But he was tired, so, so tired, that he let Steve curl around him, drifting off to sleep with the soft weight of the other man pressing against his back.
in the matter, judging by the fact that he was currently being dragged to the surface, throat gasping madly for air.
Because fuck if Tony could even swallow a single pill now, what with his throat shriveling up and his hands shaky and clumsy and he was tired, so so so tired of being alone and worthless and afraid and a coward, such a coward, always a coward, always a--
“It’s a thing…” he muttered, reaching for the other man’s outstretched hand, being tugged off the ground with ease.  He wobbled, and Steve steadied him, hands grasping at his shoulders.
“I know, but I need to.  I need to explain myself better.”  The other man said nothing, and Steve figured it was as good a cue as anything to continue.  He’d been feeling such a mix of emotions the past week that it was a struggle to control his words, to not just let everything spill out.  But he steadied himself, gathered himself, and trudged on.  “It was irrational of me to immediately assume that you were trying to mock me about Peggy.  But I didn’t realize what she was to you, and I didn’t know how truly...wrong my words were because of it.  So I did my own digging, because I knew I had to fix this.”
Tony turned towards the elevator, managing not to stumble.  He sighed though, as he realized Clint had decided to follow him, arms crossed firm over his chest.
He was falling.  Falling through the New York sky, surrounded by darkness and static flashings across the screen of his HUD, and he’d done it, he knew he’d done it because he’d blown up the Chitauri’s base, he’d closed the portal but now he was falling and it was dark, so dark so so so dark because he was in a cave in Afghanistan and it was always dark, wasn’t it?  But he’d seen the light, he’d seen it and he saw the end of the tunnel, his escape but Yinsen was there, but it wasn’t Yinsen shouting for him it was Steve, Steve who was thrown across sacks of rice in the middle of an Afghan cave and he was crying, crying but when he saw Tony looming over him in that clunky metal suite, a smile lit up his face, a smile too bright for a dying man and Tony, Tony was
Clint’s lips didn’t even twitch at the quirp, but he said nothing as Tony backed out of the elevator, the metallic doors shutting behind him.
Tony wakes up warm, almost too warm, from a very blissful dreamless sleep.  It’s been getting better, these past few months and Tony knows that the nightmares aren’t going to go away completely, aren’t going to stop forever, but whatever little relief he can grasp onto, he’ll take.
A rage curdled inside Steve, one that left a foul taste in his mouth, but he couldn’t help it, he just couldn’t.  Tony was still babbling on, when Steve blurted out “Why do you have so many pictures of Peggy?”
“Wow, Steve,” Tony said, a smirk playing at the edge of his lips despite himself.  “A low blow, but uh, you do realize I could buy out Keurig at least 5 times, right?”
too soon, the limo pulled up in front of the venue, and Tony threw together his best fake glitz and glamour smile, one that the press ate up and the girls adored, the one that got him the donations he needed.
, goddamit, and if you’re all gonna walk on eggshells around me, then we’re going to have a serious problem.  Got it?
Did Peggy just not want to have a child?  Did she give it up for adoption?  That seemed possible.  She was so married to her job, it was certainly possible she just didn’t feel like she could raise a kid.
When they reached a small clearing, however, the man dismounted from his horse, a struggling Bucky still grappled firmly against his shoulder, and with sheer strength and agility Steve had never seen the likes of, began bouncing from one rock to another, nearly gliding up the walls of the clearing and onto the ledge, running further into the forest.
They laid there for awhile, Steve gently running his hand up and down Tony’s back.  It was wonderful, really, so wonderful he couldn’t exactly believe it was happening.
Despite his still hazy mind, he managed to put on his best, breezy smile, at which Pepper took with a small glint in her glazed eyes.
“Of course I am,” she chided, smirking as she pulled herself up from her stool at the breakfast bar.  “Now, if you’ll excuse me, some of actually need our beauty rest.”
By the time Steve had realized he’d hit a nerve, it was too late, and Tony was already marching out of his own lab.
“I have a protocol, alright?” he snapped, glowering at the other man.  “It’s for...it’s for Pepper, it’ll tell her what to do with my shit if I die or whatever.”
And so he did, the man removing his fingers as he slid the condom on with practiced haste, and was quickly sliding into Tony.  Slow, at first, then faster as Tony withered under the man, hot, panting breaths escaping him.  It was hot and needy, Tony muttering pleads as he was pounded into, the headboard shaking as the springs in the cheap mattress creaked.  With a shaky hand he grasped his cock, jacking himself off into a quick, shooting climax, Steve’s name on the edge of his lips as he screamed his release into the stranger’s shoulder.
Clint gave a hoot of victory, a wicked grin slung across his face.  “Sweet, I’ve always wanted to live in a billionaire's tower with the most advanced tech available at my whim.”
that.  He could still see the man, could still see Bucky trying to break free from his iron grip, could hear him
Tony returned the smirk.  “Yeah, you wish.  Takes more than that to get rid of a Stark.  Well, this Stark anyway.
it, if it was adoption?  Wedlock, he could see reason for the redaction, but it still didn’t sit right with Steve.
Tony looked up from the pens he was playing with, furrowing his brow slightly.  It wasn’t an unwarranted question, but it was one that had already been answered in a previous session.
Steve reels.  He knows exactly who T’Challa is talking about, but the mention of it shocks him.  “What?”
Well, to be fair, he never really fell out of love.  The love just kind of...changed.  Because he still loved Pepper, he really did, but they weren’t together anymore.  And really, it’d been for the better; Pepper was better off as Tony’s best friend, not his lover.
When blue eyes met his, his heart dropped straight through and he could’ve sworn his arc reactor failed on him because Steve was looking at him and he looked so disappointed and that was so much worse than anger, it really was.
“I haven’t opened it, and I won’t stay, if you want to be alone.”  Natasha’s soft voice would’ve startled him, if he had been more inside his own head.  But he’s just too overloaded with..with
“You were right, Doc,” Tony said, as soon as Garner walked into the office.  The other man smiled, raising a brow at Tony.
“Shit,” Clint muttered, flinging himself off the couch and out of the room, cursing under his breath as he went.
Steve sighed.  But, everything was ready to go with the profile, and he was about to his save, when-
His body was acting on it’s own as his mind sputtered to life, just to crash to a standstill; it did that again, and again and again and again and
It was later that day, and Tony most definitely not losing to Clint at Mario Kart, when Steve returned.  With the guitar.
He’s not not crying, not screaming, not shouting.  No, he’s just...staring.  In shock.  In disbelief.  His head too full of it’s own noise for him to actually make any.  He doesn't dare glance at Natasha, because he already knows what she’s thinking.  That this is forgiveness.  That this is Tony’s way of moving on, moving forward.
that a man twice his weight and a head taller than him, was gripping fiercely at his arm, trying to convince him that he
Throughout the drive, he tried to ignore the pain in his head, his face, his ribs, his knees.  He tried to ignore the fact that it was what he needed, what he wanted.  Why he’d gone to the damn place at all.
Miraculously, Tony just needed to remember what gala they were attending and why it was going to be such a disaster because people just could not let the past die a painful, pitiful death like it
“You are enough, Steve, you’re everything to me.  Ever since the beginning, after the invasion, after we set aside our differences, you were everything.  We fought, we bickered, but you were always everything.  But, fuck, Steve, this isn’t about you, or anyone else except for me.  You can’t...
Now it was Steve’s turn to look confused.  It was then that Tony noticed they were alone in the room.  Too much tension for the others, probably.  Or they were just sick of them arguing.  Or both.
So instead, he goes to India.  Sam comes with him, but Wanda stays back in Wakanda.  Steve had gotten a tip about a neuroscientist that works with some odd, nearly forgotten form of hypnosis.
Tiberius Stone are just hilarious.  Pepper has been up to her ears since last night trying to clean up your mess, and you don’t care, do you, Tony?”
He curled himself up onto the cool, marble floors and after hours, minutes, days, he let sleep take him.
“Can I not help you anymore?”  And fuck, his voice was so broken, and Tony wanted to crawl into the other man’s arms and wish all the demons away but this isn’t some fairytale, and life isn’t always kind.
was the Hero of Legend, I thought you were joking.  I don’t know what happened, what’s going on, or why that sword decided to do this to my body, but I really do think you have the wrong person.”
again and again and again it was happening all over again and he couldn’t deal with this, not now, not now.
And he was muttering soft assurances into Tony’s ear and he didn’t know why, didn’t know why until Tony realized he was shaking and silent tears were streaking his face and he was so pathetic, he really was.  First drunk and now sober, Steve had seen him at his worst and-
Before he could make it out the door, Clint grasped onto his shoulders, his eyes wild and somewhat frightening.  “Steve, seriously!  Call your mom, don’t get on that smelly Peter Pan bus, and stay.  You’ll totally regret it if you don’t come.”
He decided to hold the meeting in his SI office, because there was no way he was going to SHIELD, where Garner was staying, for this shit, and taking him up to the personal floors seemed to make the whole thing a little too real.
He was 70% sure that was Natasha, but he wasn’t sure and honestly, he didn’t care.  This was so...so
He knows that if he had just signed the damned thing, things would be different, but that doesn’t mean anything would be better.
Well...maybe that’s not true.  They’ve all had a lot of time to recover since the Incident, and really think about what they all did, really think through it all.  Sam was furious once Steve and Bucky had returned from Siberia, but once Steve had explained everything to Sam, he was...more understanding, in a way.  Just as Steve had been.
Sitting on the subway then, with the pompous Harvard and MIT students, along with the not so pompous Tufts students, he almost felt free again.  Almost.
"It's fine to be going on this journey, but once it's over, you're still going to have choices to make." She closes her eyes. "Go to sleep Steve, you need it." Her fingertips begin to glow where they're pressed against his palm and a wave of relaxation passes through his body, leaving him feeling just a little more whole.
When the end of his shift comes, Steve opens his phone to find three texts from another number he certainly doesn't recognize. He furrows his brows, sitting down at Shield Sandwiches to eat. It was prosciutto and buffalo mozzarella, with a hint of pesto aioli, just around the corner from his bakery around the corner.
"Well yeah. It's still a weapons company when you get down to it but... that's what the board wants. And if I use the tech I make to also help people, then that's my business." His voice is only a little bitter, which Steve finds remarkable, given that he was actually pretty clearly really mad about that.
"Sounds good to me," she says, taking another quiche before they walk over to Gideon and the blonde woman. "Gideon?" Natasha says, and they both turn towards Natasha and Steve. "My boyfriend and I wanted to congratulate you on your new position as CEO." Natasha leans in, setting a hand on his arm, her lips moving in what Steve knew would be a whispered "Hail HYDRA." She doesn't look at the blonde woman, but Steve does, and what he sees is enough to send his mind spiraling out of control. That was a face he recognized, one that had instructed him to get his shit together. That was Pepper Potts, smiling at Steve and holding a glass carefully between gloved fingers.
"No I know that. Relax." Steve pecks his lips. "But you do, right? I saw how you looked at him." He smiles easily, to signify that this was a safe topic of conversation and he wasn't mad at all. Hopefully Tony got the message, otherwise this would be like shooting squirrels.
From within the front room, he hears a "babababa," which means that Tony is awake. Steve suspected threats Howard and Maria liked to put him to bed in the front room because it was near where Steve spent most of his time, the library, and they wanted someone who would be able to reliably get to him if he started crying. In such a big house, Steve suspected it would be easy to not hear a baby wake up for someone without super human hearing. He sighs and gets up off the floor, walking into the front room and over to the crib.
About a month later after the whole guitar thing, Tony found himself hunched over a mug of coffee at breakfast, everyone circled around the kitchen table.  Minus Steve, of course.
With that, Tony began to pry himself off the ground, and make his way back to the Quinjet, to meet with the others.
He still didn’t turn towards the man, he saw no reason to.  Angry Cap is something Tony’s seen before, and honestly, it’s getting kind of old.  The whole ‘stick up his ass’ routine.  Sure, he was leader, but Tony was a grown fucking man, he didn’t need someone who was biologically younger than him chiding him about what he did and didn’t -
Peggy gives birth a month later.  Maria was kept out of the public eye enough that she can pass the baby off as hers.
Steve blinks, pulling himself from his thoughts.  T’Challa hasn’t moved, eyes still boring into him.
And as to why he was so engrossed with his conversation that he’d bumped right into Steve on his way to the kitchen, again.  No clue.
He threw the bottle down, backing away from his desk, but he soon found himself on the floor, crawling with what little energy still remained in his rubbery limbs.  He heaved in a breath, or at least tried to but it felt like he was breathing through a goddamn straw and he couldn’t get any air, he couldn’t breathe he couldn’t
Gasping slightly, the man’s eyes snapped open, shouting as he rolled over, falling onto the floor in a heap of blankets and old food wrappers.
As soon as the ladies caught on to his motives, they strode off again towards the men jabbering over their poker match, drunkenly shouting at the bartender for another round.
Tony took in a deep breath, and waited.  Waited, it seemed, for years to crawl by around the Earth, and he wanted to scream, wanted to punch something wanted to--
Just as Bucky flopped back onto his bed, the door to their shared dorm burst open, two of their smiling friends waltzing in.
There were girls around them, of course, lips curved up into seductive smirks, fingers playing along their shoulders, the small of their backs.  The men were smirking smugly at them, whispering not so sweet nothings into their ears, leaving them giggling and swatting at the back of their necks oh so gingerly.
It was early, the sun slowly making it’s way over the horizon, but the village was alive and well.  Aunt May and her actual nephew, Peter, were gathering water from the well; Mary Jane was tending to the crops with her parents.  Others were milling about as they took care of their morning chores, talking, laughing, smiling.
“You’re the most blunt therapist I’ve had, and trust me, I’ve had a lot.  They say I’m the kind of daddy issues, mind you.  But...isn’t that a no-no in therapy school?  Isn’t it about counting backwards from ten and
Tony turned his eyes up, to see Steve smiling somewhat sheepishly, shaking his phone slightly.  “Didn’t see where I was going.”
His breath hitched slightly, when the man sat down on the floor to face him, eyes inches from his own.
Steve didn’t have any classes till 2, but Steve know that Bucky had Lit 101 at 10:15 and he also knew that if he missed the class one more time, Bucky would fail the semester, despite it only being October.
Tony’s at her bedside, Jarvis having left already, and she knows she doesn’t have much longer.  Cancer is a bitch.
“It’s the principle of it!” Tony was almost whining now, and he winced.  No, not the time.  “Some people work out, some people smoke, some people smoke crack, some people cut, some people-”
Steve blushed, fumbling to form a disapproving glare on his face.  Tony chuckled, snatching the items from Steve’s hands.  “Anyway, 10 big ones right?  I think that’s what I promised, but honestly I can’t remember.  Sounds fair though, no?”
Tony shrugged awkwardly, his curled up position and fucked up shoulders making it hard to do so.  “I think you know the answer to that, Cap.”
Tony blinked, frowning.  Steve prepared himself for a verbal assault, but it never came.  The other man just continued to stare at the empty space between them for what felt like hours.  When he eventually broke the stiff silence, what he said caught Steve off guard.
Suddenly it hit him, like a fucking rock to the face.  The gala, Tiberius, the brothel, being fucked straight through the mattress.
With wide eyes, he looked up towards the prince, who seemed so unfazed.  Perhaps he hadn’t seen Steve before….this?
He glanced around again, and sighed as he realized he was still being hovered over.  “Guys, Jesus Christ, a little breathing room?  Personal bubble?  I’m fine, really.  Seriously?”
But he was also able to listen when it counted, able to give commands when needed, able to come through for the team when the team needed him most.
It was two days later when Steve returned, the mission having ended earlier than anticipated.  The first thing he did was run upstairs, where Tony was lying half asleep in his bed, and folded the man into his arms.
Alright, on an Avengers standpoint he probably should’ve told someone, but JARVIS knew, and if they’d asked him, he would’ve told them.
“No, I don’t think...”  Steve replied, squinting his eyes as realization pooled in the pit of his stomach.  Sebastian had never asked for any of that; all their communication was done through Twitter, and Twitter alone.
Steve of course, had his own issues.  But it was always Steve enveloping Tony in his arms, whispering soothing sounds into his ear as he shuddered through a panic attack.  It was always Steve who would listen to Tony as he screamed in rage, how he was worthless, how he deserved to die.
Well okay, that wasn’t true.  His desk was really a mess of wires, electronics, and hand tools, but the only photographs were those of Peggy.
Well...that’s not true.  He knows some things would be different, and he hopes that other things would be better.
Oh, what a fool he’d been last night, and any night before, to fall for Steve’s act.  Usually, it was just his own that he falled for.
“Bruce I swear to god if you call the fucking ambulance I’m sending all of your lab equipment to a community college.”
, me okay?  I have to figure that out my own.  I have to learn how to help myself, how to stop my own panic attacks, how to force myself out of my own head.  And, fuck, I can’t deal with this
And now he was sitting here in this dingy, cum stained cathouse bedroom, heart beating a mile a minute as he tried to gather himself, tried to gather himself but failing oh so badly because he’d been trying to gather himself for years now and he hasn’t really managed that, has he?
The next day, Steve came home with an acoustic guitar and a handful of teach-yourself books.  Tony didn’t think anything of it.  Steve was a weird guy.  So what if he wanted to play the guitar?  So what if he had stopped coming to Tony’s workshop, in favor of playing in his room?  So what if Tony hardly saw the man, who’d taken up sleeping at odd hours, apparently, missing breakfast with the team.
Steve sighed.  Apparently in the mood for joking, but not in the mood for games.  Kind of hypocritical, but here Tony was doing the fake voicemail stunt when he wasn’t really in the mood for it himself, either.
Peggy doesn’t say, biting her tongue as she took in a stiff breath.  “Yes, I know that Howard, but what am I supposed to do when I’m halfway across the country?”
It took more willpower than Tony knew he had to keep from rolling his eyes.  “Yeah, right.  Everyone knows about me.  Don’t tell me you didn’t do a google search before coming here.”  He knew he was being unnecessarily rude, but years of being forced into therapy gave him a natural defense to those kinds of questions.  Nobody ever really cared about how he was doing.  He was like a token, to them.  The famous child of Howard Stark chose to come to my therapy office?!  How lovely!  It was always a goddamn game with them, and Tony hated it almost as much as he hated his father for subjecting him to the shit in the first place.
It’s aching, sometimes, the struggle of it all.  Steve’s at his side, of course, ensuring him that yes, it’s all worth it and no, don’t give up now because fuck if Tony doesn’t want to sometimes.  Why wouldn’t he?  There’s always an easy way out.
And with that, Bucky snatched his own bag from his bedside, fumbling to pull his jeans on as he ran out the door.
“So,” Steve started, gliding across the room to sit himself in one of the lush chairs, off to the side of the bed.  “Are you going to tell me what happened last night, or are you going to spew your usual bullshit?”
Clint was lounged across the couch on the common floor of the tower, offering Tony his best shit eating grin when Tony walked into the room in a surprisingly clean shirt and pair of jeans.  Tony, of course, offered the archer his own.
Again, Tony locked himself up in his lab for another three days.  But this time, however, it wasn’t Bruce or Clint or Steve who came to retrieve him.
Steve sighed, shooting her a quick glance.  Her brow was raised, and she was eyeing him carefully.  “I have no idea.”
Too good to be true, of course, for only mere moments after he’d woken up, a very distressed and visibly annoyed Captain waltzed into the room with nary a knock nor greeting.
Perhaps he should talk to Wanda.  Perhaps she would understand, considering what happened between her and Vision.
He’d barely made it a block, however, when an approaching roar of a bike caught his attention.  He turned, squinting into the headlights as the motorcycle stopped beside him.  A broad man stepped off, approaching him.
He also remembers this feeling, this feeling of wanting to give it all, just to go back.  To go back to his own time, back to Peggy, back to his old life.
It was sort of a cardinal rule among them, that when Steve asked about a movie, they watched it.  And sure, Tony was never one for actually following rules, even his own, but he knew it wasn’t going to be worth the fuss.  Cap would just watch it on his own time, if they didn’t all watch it together right now.  And then he’d spring questions on Tony when he wasn’t prepared, and Tony might just freak out.  Or something.
And there it was.  It was like a spell; a hex of some sort.  Steve said those magic words, and bam.  The walls came up, surrounding him entirely.
“I didn’t realize how close Tony and her were.  He has like...all these pictures of her on his desk.  And there’s none of his parents, or Rhodey, or anyone.  Just...her.”
That...didn’t make any sense.  Not that she had moved on, after him, because that’s what he wanted, he wanted her to be happy.  It was one of his last thoughts before his world went dark and cold.  That Peggy would be happy.
Tony worked on a stealth suit for Steve that was a billion times better than his SHIELD issued one, along with arrowheads for Clint, and forced Bruce to help him out with the conundrum of creating EMP arrows that would short out Doom’s shitty bots, but not Tony’s suit or Natasha’s Widow Bites.
Okay, well that was really impressive, Steve had to admit  But, still.  He had plans.  “I’m still not staying.  I already told Ma I was coming back.  I got a bus ticket and everything.”
Steve blinked, but only smiled, a small, breathy chuckle escaping his lips.  “I’m kissing you, Tony, what does it look like?”
And Clint, the fucker, started laughing, high pitched hysterical laughing, clutching his chest and rolling on the floor, the whole shebang.  Steve, however, was not deterred.
It was surreal, really, to be back on the subway; on the MBTA really.  The green line was just how he remembered it, too: old and far too crowded, with shotty heat.  On that day, however, he was thankful for it, for it gave him a reasonable excuse to keep his scarf wrapped around his mouth, and his oversized hood strewn over his head.
, of course, it shouldn’t be her mess to clean up.  But because she was Pepper, she did it anyway.  She deserved a raise.  Fuck, she deserved all of Tony’s money, really.
Gala, gala gala.  Pepper was shaking her head slightly at him, scrolling through her phone, so it must’ve been something important.  What gala?
“Maybe,” Steve said, revving his engine.  They took off, breeze biting at Tony’s hands as he wrapped himself tighter around the man, sighing closer into his firm back.
It’s seconds, minutes, hours later when Steve comes back to himself, is able to breathe, breathe without an ache in his chest, without fire in his lungs.  Natasha is still there, staring at the...at the arm,
“I...that wasn’t right of me...before,” Steve mumbled, looking anywhere but into Tony’s eyes, and that was fine, really, because Tony was slouching in his chair and he probably couldn’t maintain any form of eye contact, anyway.  So instead, his own eyes loomed into Steve’s short, blond locks and wow, if Tony had been happy drunk and not...
So making suggestive comments to his new mystery blue eyed boy was so natural, it was second nature.  He didn’t need to think, it just spewed from his brain and into his phone and, well.  It worked.
At that, Clint went still, shock swimming across his face, soon followed by a frenzy of flickering emotions that Tony couldn’t quite decipher.
She paused, then gave a small nod.  “That’s possible.  Probable.  If there was, however, Fury would be keeping it under lock and key himself.  I doubt there’s even a digital copy out there.”
Clint was still outwardly mad, but Steve had a suspicion that it was just a cover to mask his guilt.  Steve asked Clint for a favor, and if he had said no, Steve would’ve moved on.  But Clint did come, on his own free will, and as much as Clint wants to blame Tony for getting locked up, Steve knows that Clint understood what he was getting himself into.  What he was risking.
he couldn’t breathe and he was in that damn hole, that damn hole and he’d just shot the nuke and he’d done it and he was happy because he’d fucking done it but he couldn’t breathe and the suit was going out, the arc reactor was going to give out and he was going to die right here right now in another fucking dimension and that was okay it really was but if he could only tell Pepper how much he loved her, just one last time.
“Don’t apologize,” she stated, before Tony had even opened his mouth to do just that.  “JARVIS told me.”
again, it’s been like, seven times now.” Clint whined from his spot on the floor, blanket curled around his body, which was curled around an oversized bowl of popcorn.
Steve offered Tony a small smile, the tips of his ears coloring as he did so.  “Actually, I do.  And you…?”
On the Red Line though, it really hit him.  He was fifteen again, mind whirring with new invention ideas that left him eager to get back to his flat and back to work.  So much passion back then, in his freshman year, so much optimism.  He’d finally escaped the pressures of his dad, of his name.  And he felt free, for the first time in so long.
, for years and years now.  Less so after the whole, uh, thing.  But yeah, flirting.  Tony Stark was legendary for it.  Leg.  End.  Ary.
Like game night, which was said (by Coulson) to be a necessary bonding tactic, and when Monopoly was brought over (by Coulson) the first thing Tony said was “Shit, I haven’t played this in years.  It was Peggy’s favorite, right next to Jenga.”
“Uh, yeah….” Tony didn’t have to look to know that the Captain was hunched over slightly, rubbing the back of his neck.  “I wasn’t really Howard’s friend, Tony, and I had no idea that-”
Tony nodded, as if he wasn’t expecting anything different.  And really, it shouldn’t have, because why the hell would Steve have his pants?  “Ah, well, when your roommate comes back, you mind asking him?  If you do so happen to have them, just give them to Rhodey, okay?”
He didn’t know why it affected him so much.  He just assumes that maybe because the kid was a fucking genius like Tony and people just didn’t get him and he was angry and--
“When I’m dead, Cap, you’ll get some of my money.  I’ve got it split between Pep, Rhodey, and the rest of you guys.  And Happy too.  You’ll get a suit, too.  Just don’t let Hammer get the damned thing, because I swear if you guys let him or AIM or anyone get my shit, I’ll haunt all of you until-”
adult like the rest of you.  Behavioural problems, can’t fucking take care of myself, always need to be
TMNS: Actually, so did [redacted], but differently. Which led to him telling everybody that I was friends with Spider-Man and forcing me to make an appearance at Liz’s party. MJ has been the only one who hasn’t freaked out about it. She just casually mentioned it in a conversation.
Anthony love: I probably should be trying to figure out a way to get her back, but the fact that you are MIA along with Daisy was distracting.
Me: I’m surprised I have to tell you this because you tend to stay off the tabloids, but I’m not that big of a slut. Are you aware that Pepper is the only person I’ve had sex with since 2008?
It was even more ridiculous for me to think that distancing myself from you would lessen the impact. Because Friday night showed me that it’s still going to hurt, even if you no longer hold the title of boyfriend.
Chief Mechanic: Oh, now you talk. Are they really in lab six? Are they doing science without me? Or are they just having an orgy? It feels weird that I prefer the orgy. That means they’re doing standard teenage stuff and not preparing for an apocalypse that I can’t protect them from.
“I’m not 100% sure if we ever were, not really. Tony never forgave me for losing to Thanos. Losing Peter destroyed a part of him.” Considering her Tony saw Peter as his son, this was bad. “My stubbornness was why we were fighting and why the Avengers were in pieces when we really needed to be together. We lost everything because we stopped being a team. Now it feels like the only thing we have in common is our children. It is the only thing we really can talk about.”
Me: I hope they do, but the top therapist for treating enhance people died a couple of weeks ago, so it may take a while. The ocean breeze is helping though.
Tony: And I’m really glad cryogenics is a thing. I’m glad you made it to this century. Sometimes I think you were born in the wrong one.
Tony: The drinking got so much worse after Anna died. I guess that’s because he blamed himself since the bullet was for him. Kid me didn’t know that so he blamed himself for Howard’s shitty parenting.
“Then you have to let them be separate people. When I get back, we’ll go to an early dinner somewhere far away for several hours in case these walls are very thin. Maybe some alcohol will be involved. I will get Sam as well.”
Morgan’s dad: You know I’m glad that you’re at least willing to say that much. I shouldn’t have said what I said to you when I got back. I was wrong. I was just lashing out, and I’m sorry.
Me: By Tony. We’ll talk again soon. And I know this seems weird because it's me, but I'm glad you're happy, Tony. That's all I ever wanted for you. You’re still my best friend, and I love you. It's just a different type of love now.
When the young Sparrow arrived three days ago her drawings collaborated Leopold story about the earth being destroyed. However, 22 hours ago her drawings changed. Instead of the world being cracked in half, a giant purple raisin like alien/creature standing my ancestral lands with a Golden Glove encrusted with jewels. In one picture, he turned my brother to dust.
Anthony: They were not talking about you or even Yo-Yo for that matter. Because technically I am authorized to talk to you and Yo-Yo is registered. Even though she thinks the Accords are absolute bullshit, she wants to help people and signed anyway.
Purple arrow: I know I’ve seen shots of them making out on Twitter. Just because Steve went to save Tony from his meeting with the president doesn’t mean that you need to be there. The kids need you.
CoulsonPJ: Simmons is looking over him on Zephyr one and then we are dropping them back at Queens with an alibi.
“I can completely understand wanting to avoid problematic family members," Flash mumbled under his breath as Deke went to grab some leftover pizza from the kitchen. There was plenty left because no one really felt like eating as they started to study what happened in the other timeline.
Me: I guess that’s question 9 from that press activity we’re supposed to do. Also, why are you texting me again so soon? Melinda will not be happy with either of us.
Me: Especially if you’re probably going to live another 90 years. I feel like we need to run some tests on that. I feel like you’re aging in reverse. You know, like a Backstreet Boy.
FRIDAY: Even though you based our personalities after Anna and Edwin Jarvis, Vision and I do not have a romantic affection for each other. We’ve always seen ourselves as siblings and your children.
“That’s the Mumbai agreement that you mentioned earlier? Ellis got a second term in your timeline?” Steve asked.
At the same time I would like for Leopold to see a psychiatrist but he seems to be to focus on trying to prevent the end of the world. The obsession with preventing this is unhealthy. I have discussed this with his partner Lance Hunter well and he has agreed to assist with this endeavor.
Me: I don’t think so because he called me hot twice and wants to invite me to coffee. Or at least that’s what I overheard before they discovered that I’m fluent in Spanish.
“Okay, my first job was at what we would now consider an underground gay bar," Steve explained. This really shouldn’t surprise Tony.
HSBF: That’s probably for the best. Now that the arrests have been made does that mean that you get to go home?
I love Fitzsimmons and I love Fitz Hunter and in this story I get to do both. Thank you, time travel and the multi-verse.
“There's still hope.” She whispered as she gently kissed his cheek. “We may even have more hope now than before.”
“Because we didn’t have a Leo Fitz from the future trying to fix things. Apparently, his mission was to get us to fix our relationship and then from there make out privileges were added.” Tony remarked.
“You can’t word it that way.” Steve said out loud as he read over Tony shoulder. Okay, he may have pressed a kiss to Tony’s shoulder at that moment as well.
Me: I’m leaving for Jimmy Kimmel in less than an hour. This episode will be live, which may or may not give Jane Barnett of PR, pulmonary issues.
Counselor Laura: Maybe. Friday did just show me what happened yesterday and I’m now even more concerned. I also want to smack my husband upside the head and remind him to stay in one piece because his babies want him back.
Tony: First, it makes me feel less bitter about Howard spending most of his free time in the Arctic Circle, when I was a kid. I’m over it now that I’ve made out with you.
Director May Rogers: I’m well aware Steve is in love with Tony and has been for a really long time. Pepper and I have been trying to figure out for the last year how to set them up.
Purple arrow: I just convinced Ana to show me the last footage from Quake’s suit before losing the signal, and I’m a bit concerned.
Nomad: That it’s good on Sundays. I can’t believe I’m going to finally be able to see you in less than two weeks.
Red phone: Then she forced me to talk about my feelings. After I cried on her couch, she decided that I was staying over because I’ve only slept six hours in six days and I think I was actually passed out for five of those hours.
“With Pepper, I did right after our reconciliation before Morgan was born. Actually, I kept doing it until Morgan's second birthday.” Tony answered.
Purple Princess: Yes. We’re not trying to keep you out of the loop. It’s just we’re trying to respect your mom’s wishes. I would like her to eventually lift these bans, and if we communicate behind her back, she never will.
“I would say Siberia is too serious to joke about, but I think you've made some Siberia jokes," Steve remarked.
I didn't mean to make this a Laura and Tony Potts friendship story, but it just kind of happened. They both need a friend right now.
Tony: Also, Sweetie Bear, I will keep repeating this until you actually believe me but that wasn’t your fault. However, I can understand why you don’t want to consider that the thing you’re happiest about.
“In addition, Dr. Eli Morrow, serving time for attempted manslaughter, escaped the facility with the help of one of the “ghosts”. This information is not public knowledge. May and Yo-Yo’s team are in pursuit,” Karen explained.
“You consider Afia your sister?” Flash asked. It’s at that moment he starts to really comprehend what his friend being an android actually meant.
“No, but that was after Rhodey came up to New York for a couple of days and scared the hell out of them. At least that’s what Pepper Pot told me.”
Me: Thank you for standing up to corrupt politicians for me. This whole thing makes me kind of glad he’s no longer with us.
This chapter takes place a few hours after the last one. Also, it’s been nearly 4 months since the “Siberia Incident”. (Don’t you think that’s a more appropriate name than Civil War?)
This chapter takes place just a few hours after Clint and Steve finish their conversation, but before Clint makes his way to Palau. Therefore, Tony doesn’t know that Steve is recovering from injuries yet.
HSBF: I’m glad that I did, though. With you, it was the fact that you would always prove me wrong. I like being challenged.
Melinda: Leo knocked me unconscious because he was afraid I was going to do something stupid to get Phil back.
Me: Besides, the only one who screwed one of the agents in that room was you, but again I’m not telling you that. Probably ever. (Message not sent.)
Venom: I hate Stark watches. They’re so sensitive. No more dictating things I don’t actually mean to send.
“You can’t replace what was lost,” James said as he continued to care for his goats, not really looking at her holograph.
Anthony: During development of the Mark II, I think. I may have done something like this more than once. This is why a virtual training module is practical.
For those of you who watched Agents of Shield last night, wasn’t that crazy? And two days earlier we had the Infinity War trailer which was also amazing. Put the two together and I’m scared. Because of what happened in both, I am applying the same rule as I use for the movies. Please, no discussing spoiler stuff in the comment for at least a month. Which means tomorrow, you can talk about Thor as much as you want in the comments. That movie is going to provide a few Easter eggs, but won’t affect the plot. AOS may affect the plot because I’m deciding how much the butterfly effect will come into play. But it’s mostly going to be stuff from season four. Will what happened in season five /infinity war happen in the timeline for this story? I am not able to say. Maybe the butterfly effect has already prevented that from happening or maybe it will come about in a different way. We shall see.
Me: I’m sure it’s a mixture of cognitive bias and extreme stupidity. Apparently, neither she nor her spouse realized that would just make the situation worse because most of my wealth would be going to various charity and trusts after my demise, one of which would support the Avengers and another for the Enhanced Person Defense Fund.
Me: He did care enough about you to send you to boarding school to keep you safe from all the people trying to kill you. My dad actually left before I was old enough to discover that he was an abusive asshole and an alcoholic.
Tony: No, my time was better spent with you. You’re a great 2 AM conversationalist. Also, your massages are really relaxing.
Me: Hey Linda Bear, I’m going dark for a while. But first I thought you should know that Captain Oblivious just realized that he’s dating Shell Head, so I owe you like a month of foot massages whenever Stark’s band of lawyers figure out how to fix things.
"I get that.” At least he’s starting to see how much Tony has grown as a person before they even met.
HSBF: Another reason why you should’ve chose a different cover identity. I think I would’ve preferred being May’s ex-husband. I’ve actually had sex with her.
Monkey lover 2: I’m not entirely sure she will see it that way especially after we traded places so that he could run a secret mission and for me to handle the fallout from AIDA. I’m just glad Simmons is not here right now. How’s that going?
Red phone: Actually, I keep Ross on hold most of the time. I think his chief of staff really hates me.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. Your encouragement is beautiful and helpful.
Me: This is true. I kind of don’t want the public to know what happened in Siberia, so the less they know the better.
"Speaking of children, the next question is if you can change anything about how you grew up, what would you change?”
Tony: I may have been texting you from the front of the compound for the last 15 minutes. Of course, I brought your shield because otherwise, Robin and Morgan will try to use it to slide down the hill the moment we get snow. I don’t trust Nanny Hunter to say no.
I don’t know why I am writing this report. It’s not like I’m able to send it to my Tony right now. Maybe I am writing so I can put my thoughts together on what I need to do. I need to get back home to prevent this from happening. I’m not losing my kids. I’m just not. The best way to keep Thanos from winning again is to figure out how the Avengers lost.
Me: The kids were great. They don’t hate me. Some of their parents whisper about me behind my back, but kids are great. Less condescending. Which explains why I hang out with so many of them. And Friday has just informed me that one is on his way to the penthouse right now, because Happy is a softy who apparently hates watching kids. I think he’ll be back in California by the end of September
Me: With what we do, it feels like we could drop dead at any moment so I feel like I have to live like I could drop dead any minute.
Also due to the fact that the artwork is a little more risqué, I can either raise the rating of this story or post the artwork as a separate entry with a higher rating. However, the fanfiction.net version will stay the same due to the lack of illustrations. Let me know your preference. I’m leaning towards including in the main story and just raising the rating.
TMNS: Are you mad at me for not telling you that I’m Spidey? I really should’ve told you after the kiss.
Me: She said in the event of aliens or some other big catastrophe, that she would take up the shield. It’s all part of her, “if I need a weapon, I’ll take one” philosophy. Also making new tactical gear makes me happy.
Just like the last in person conversation, this begins almost immediately after the last message, meaning it’s still September 24. It is going to be September 24 for a while actually. This is going to be a big day for us in this story. Yes, May did steal Steve’s phone.
“It’s okay that you cried. It means you are just as human as the rest of us. I cried when I found out that Hydra murdered my Aunt Ana and Uncle Daniel. That they've been trying to kill my family for decades. Literally decades. Your friend was just another tool to them. Maybe I also cried because Howard lied to me for so long." Steve could hear the hitch in Tony's voice. As if he was trying not to cry again.
Counselor Laura: Coulson was the one who informed you that Ana was an unfortunate victim of a stray bullet during one of the attempts on your father.
Purple arrow: They blamed the cocaine. I can’t wait until they find out Asgardians don’t do orientations.
Me: Probably. This is the only way I’m going to get kids. At least that’s what New York child welfare says.
“It’s probably rude to ask those questions. However, I've been trying to find a program for my Nana. She hasn't been the same since my Grandpa Bobo died. Although he didn't really die. He was just bounced back to the past, created a new timeline, and is now sleeping with Hunter. Because of course, the guy couldn't just be a twig in the stream."
Venom: I just realized you were probably always holding back because you’re a superhero. So, we're not going to talk about the spider in the room?
“Nano tech is a beautiful thing. I’m not quite sure how the Princess’s version of it works but I probably will once I’m focused on other things beside you.”
Tony: We will die for the world. We both have actually tried and failed miserably, which I’m really happy about.
“Since I haven’t been hiding from Laura, I know that because the Avengers weren't at each other's throats or hiding from the government, they had time to get Vision’s stone out of his head.” Clint’s eyes opened wide in surprise at her words. Maybe just maybe there really was a chance to fix things.
He was trying to finish up his present for Tony before the man left and Steve was pretty sure from the bits and pieces of the emergency board meeting that he overheard that was going to be sooner rather than later. He was really looking forward to being with Tony until Wednesday, but that’s not the type of life they have.
Yes, another interlude. This is because when I started this story I decided that any conversation that did not take place between Tony and Steve would be labeled as an interlude. Of course, when I decided on that I never thought there would be a stretch of time where Tony and Steve could not speak to each other. Steve is not happy about this at all. He wants his Tony Bear Back. (My voice recognition software originally rendered that as “He wants his Tony bareback.” because apparently the software has a dirty mind. Or maybe FRIDAY has taken over my computer.)
Chief mechanic: Speaking of business. How is Norway? Did you get any souvenirs? Oh, and if the daughter-in-law is with you, tell her to call baby girl tonight. She’s worried she is becoming a real girl with monthly annoyance included. I would like to know if I need to start making tampon runs.
Anthony: Yes, especially after the great sunflower butter fake peanut butter cup incident. And no, I won’t do something like that on purpose, even if I really want to get out of this. Right now, I’m just thankful that the inside of the event is closed to the press. Although the vultures will be outside the entire time.
"You two really can’t go 24 hours without talking to one another. You’ll see him in a few hours. You’re planning to be his date tonight at the SI dinner." From her tone, Steve can tell that she’s not happy.
Morgan’s dad: Grilled cheese on homemade bread, and the tomato soup is fresh from scratch. I grow our tomatoes myself. I have become quite the culinary mine.
HSBF: Also why does no one realize that your real name is Anthony Carbonell? Didn’t you go to classes at MIT under that name?
“Just read her message.” Steve said, just as the phone chimed again with a second message from pepper. At that point he had no choice but to start reading.
Unfortunately, the next chapter will not be coming until probably a week from tomorrow. I just found out that I’m moving so there may be a gap of more than a week for upcoming chapters until mid-August. It will all depend on how much writing I can get done before the chaos begins. I tend to bank chapters for the story. However, I am nearing the end of this cycle and I didn’t want to do too much more until Spider-man Homecoming comes out.
Tony: Yes. Not a lot of people know that Steve Rogers worked at a gay bar to put himself through art school. Stefan Carter also paid for college by working at various gay clubs. I guess that’s another parallel. This may be where Stefan and Steve started to get the activism bug.
“How are you feeling?” Leo asked and May was fighting the urge to roll her eyes. As she told Steve, she was really sick of that question.
“That last part isn’t going to happen unless you tell me what they told you about Bucky.“  Or it may not happen if I tell you. However Tony doesn’t voice that fear out loud.
Nomad: Not knowing can be dangerous. I think I made that point clearer when we were talking about Queens two weeks ago.
Me: He has a few more scars and one less appendage, but the DNA scan that I had Friday run matches what I have on file. Genetically, he is a Coulson at least.
Me: That happens with a lot of relationships. Although in my case, it was a shield to the chest. You try to do the right thing and then you end up alone because you did the right thing. In the end it’s better to do the right thing.
Nomad: Balloons can also go to that children’s hospital. You can send those along early because I doubt they will make it till Monday. As for the flowers, you can make potpourri.
Purple arrow: Watching the video doesn’t make it any better. I know it made me feel worse seeing Laura just disappear.
Tony: We are not doing 35. We both had to bury all of our actual family members. I’m not making you answer that question. Somebody can make something up for that one.
Because the Sparrow sees harsh visions of the past and future, she is nonverbal and her visions only come out in her drawings. Her first vision was that of her father’s death after it happened.
“Leo, not that he would explain the name to me. Friday, Sweetie Pie, put the Compound on lockdown,” Tony instructed his AI. He wouldn’t put it past the Watchdogs to attack the family again.
Me: Probably not, but that’s mostly because somebody may have posted the videos that you did for the Captain America fitness challenge on the Internet. It’s going viral. How did you get talked into doing those videos? Was blackmail involved? Peter watched that in gym class last week.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. This is a baby interlude, but necessary for the plot. Purple Arrow is Clint. Slingshot is Yo-Yo. Although, that is actually her code name in the comic books. Remember, we don’t use the real names of the kids in these messages.
"I’m trying to, but every time I close my eyes I keep thinking about everything that I need to deal with after I leave you and Peter is at the top of the list. It was either have this conversation or ask if Peter should get his superhero onesie back. I don’t want to have to think about all this stuff. I don’t want to go back to all that and leave you behind.” I don’t want you to go back, Steve thinks to himself.
Agent Laura: Your former therapist and the head of the ATCU’s psych department. We are a bit more social work than spy agency now. We do more outreach and fewer guns blazing. We are training more counselors like me to be agents. It’s something that your other self pushed for. Thankfully the President agreed with us.
Me: I hear and understand everything they were saying about me. "Rich asshole" was one of the nicer things said. Yo-yo also stole my suit tracking bracelet just to prove a point.
Nomad: That explains why I haven't got anything extremely inappropriate, recently. I got all the inappropriate stuff when Shield was handling my fan mail.
Tony: I know. Leo’s working on it too, or consulting on it rather. I still don’t know how that happened but he refuses to talk about it.
Me: Well, he did buy me my first Barbie dream house, pay for all of mom’s cancer treatments anonymously, and kept me from getting arrested for giving you your gear back, so it’s the least I can do.
Me: She did, but you didn’t. I was worried about the radio silence for the last two days. If I didn’t hear from you tonight, I was going to text you myself.
The Big Boss: He was the best at what he did. He fooled all of us. Although it was probably easy, considering you haven’t been publicly with a man since the tape. Privately, we both know better.
I have not told my brother any of this, mostly because I am concerned he would assume I was suffering from hallucinations caused by grief for Father. Obviously the story seem illogical, but I’m not losing him. Not if there’s a chance that I can keep it from happening. I won’t lose anyone else.
"Did you really have to do that?" Steve said, getting his phone back from May and realizing that she sent a message to Tony. Steve really shouldn’t be surprised that she took his phone.
Me: No. The most exciting thing I did last night was watch Zootopia with the junior archers. Very timely with all the enhanced people phobia going around.
The New Consultant: After a long conversation with my friend, we concluded that I will be the one making a move because he’s an idiot. He is adorable but an idiot. If I want anything to happen before the end of the world, it’s on me.
Anthony: Even though I brought an adorable 11-year-old who was targeted by xenophobic assholes, he said his hands were tied. That the people wanted these policies and he couldn’t go against the will of the people. I am seriously regretting saving his ass right now. Next time, his VP tries to kill him, he’s on his own.
Nomad: Most of the odd number ones until you get to the new movies. I've seen all of those except the new one that just came out. I haven’t exactly had time to get to a movie theater. Also, I’ve seen Galaxy Quest.
Cuddle bunny: Do you actually believe that if we keep talking to each other we will become ‘unbroken’?
Our sleep deprivation was for a good cause. So good news we can now send text messages to Laura in the other timeline. The bad news is we can only do it in certain windows. Plus, time moves faster on their side than on our side. Or rather, more time moves on their side between windows than on our side. The princess is going to see if she can fix that. The AIs are running the numbers as we sleep.
Steve: I have been doing play dates with you and Pepper for the last three years, and you never said anything before.
The Mechanic: My assistant got her powers by eating a piece of fish. It’s a strange new world. The spider thing is not that outside the realm of possibility.
Tony: I want you home. A few days in Johannesburg or a couple of days in Malta is not going to do it because I miss you so much, but not being without you is not an option either. So here I am considering a deal with the President to get you home within the next four years.
“Friday really likes Laura. However, it was decided I would come to get you since we were already talking. I brought you some cookies, but you have to come out to eat them." Natasha held up the plate of cookies for him.
Me: Like artificial hearts and lifelike prosthesis. Creating the Bureau of Damage Control was the right thing to do. Material that the aliens left behind in Manhattan was dangerous. An entire firehouse of firefighters died because of a virus left behind in one of the helmets. If different choices were made, more people would’ve died. There could’ve been a major pandemic with no vaccine in sight.
“It would be in bad taste to do anything like that here.” Steve will not think about Tony using those toys on himself in this bed.
Steve: I should be asking you how you’re doing. It wasn’t just me who found out their other self is married to the love of their life in another timeline. That’s difficult to process under the best circumstances.
“Then you won’t get mad when I suggest we do the rest of the questions.” Because Steve actually enjoyed this conversation with Tony, and he wanted to keep it going.
Me: Love makes you do irrational things, especially when you realize that person doesn’t love you like you love them.
The new consultant: Although they're supposed to have an all-hands meeting when everyone gets back. The Princess thinks we can put a plan together before then.
Purple arrow: So, my other self took out Ross? I’m surprised I haven’t done that yet. I should’ve done it when I dealt with the Watchdogs.
HSBF: So you’re not going to try tomorrow night to talk Spidey into going public so that we don’t have to do this?
Cuddle Bunny: Natasha always said that displays of affection makes people uncomfortable, and therefore they won’t look closely
Tony: Maybe, but then you would be able to read everyone else’s minds and you might find out things you don’t want to hear so that’s not something I want. I thought maybe the ability to see the future but that could be problematic.
Steve: Friday says no because this is a Shield agent’s phone, and I’m not a Shield agent or an agent of the successor agency. Therefore, I’m not allowed to have access to Agent Barton’s work phone.
Ana Junior: James Leopold, a.k.a. the first Leopold Fitz of your original timeline, believe that he arrived in his own timeline. Just earlier and that his actions erase the original timeline. He felt it was best to move on with his life since the Fitz and Simmons of this timeline were together. However, he did work to get them engaged sooner. The wedding was a year ago.
Purple Princess: Good choice.  Write up your experiences for R&D. I’ll forward them to the right person. I need to do damage control. I may have made a joke about you, MJ, and Benji becoming an OT3.
Me: Although, no roasted pork. Rio said she would make that another time. Muneeba also made a lot of her favorites, so it was a delicious mix of everything. Laura even brought her signature sweet potato au gratin. I think we’re going to have left overs until at least next Thursday, even with the two spiders.
Anthony: Maybe there is a dimension where Pepper still had no idea about my feelings for you and we could get back together, but this is not that timeline.
"Very aware. I'm pretty sure she wouldn't leave one speck of blood for the forensic team at the crime scene."
“They’re coming to terms. Clint doesn’t like her being an agent. However, I pointed out that this was payback for everything he put her through during their marriage. I think he’s starting to get that. Besides, she’s not really a field agent just a handler for gifted children. So it’s not that different from her old job. He’s getting attached to Miles due to the fact the little boy is friends with Lila now.” Natasha explains.
Me: Or maybe they just really want Stefan to be you because they’re so invested in our possible relationship. You can never tell with the shippers. They can be a little vicious and sometimes they forget that we are real people. Never read the RPF stuff. It’s as bad as the Captain America radio hour except more pornographic. Some of it’s good porn, but it’s weird when it’s about you.
Tony Potts: So, when the purple asshole took out half of life in the universe down to the amoeba level, he decided to make it so I could have children. The result was Morgan
gone. You have merely moved on to the next adventure. One has only ascended to be with the ancestors.
Counselor Laura: And part of that is seeking help when you need it. I know that you saw a therapist at Shield before the implosion and I think you need to start seeing someone again. You need help.
Tony: When he went dark, he went to find Ross’s daughter. She’s still a professor at Bruce’s old school. Despite being fortyish, she has a three-month-old daughter name Roberta Glen. Purple Arrow told her what Ross was planning to do to his kids and, well, parents have a tendency to stick together. She also happened to be a friend of May’s late husband, who was inhuman.
“I think it was Stark that actually pushed the button. I can’t believe they are dating,” James said as he started to read the letter. “I thought the punk had better taste even if he did kiss his ex-girlfriend’s granddaughter.”
“It took Agent Agent getting shanked by Loki before we stopped acting like toddlers. Yes, he got better. But let’s not have a repeat. The uncivil toddler squabble last spring was bad enough.”
Love: Nice to know the Calvary is still out there, although I don’t think we’re allowed to call her that anymore. Also lies that are mostly true always work best.
Tony: OK, but I don't know all the details because I haven't dug into the Hydra primer yet. In the other timeline, because of my communication with your other self, that Steve figured out that the story of my Aunt Ana dying in a freak lightbulb changing accident was a complete lie. Steve 2.0 asked Friday to investigate, and she got the timeline refugee Fitz to look into it. Because he was ex Hydra in the framework, he knew where to look for the bodies.
The new consultant: I guess this is the point in this conversation where I offer my condolences for the ex-boyfriend.
“I’m not your Dr. Radcliffe. I am actually your friend. I’ve also been raised to respect objects like the book. I know better than to read it. In addition, I know what I’m doing and this is going to work. I’m going to go prepare Afia,” The Princess said leaving them alone.
Tony: I don't think I should answer that question. Otherwise, I'm going to end up on the couch for the next month.
Agent Laura: You bought the couple someplace really nice in Europe, although I don’t know where for security reasons. It was a wedding present. We might need a few potential rehab houses or even places for the resurrected Avengers and family to live. I’ll discuss it with Friday. I’ll start things, and then I’ll try to find someone else to turn everything over to you. I think I might have a lead.
CoulsonPJ: Actually, he did call for backup. His friend did anyway, but we were in DC for the press conference.
At the US Department of State T is shorthand for the Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security. I tried to decide what would be the worst position for a Hydra double agent to have that wasn’t Secretary and being the Under Secretary that is supposed to cut down on armament and militarization seem like a good position.
Counselor Laura: I don’t think you are, but counseling won’t do any good if you’re not ready to receive help. You have to admit there’s a problem before you can start working on it. You can’t do that yet. Just know that when you are ready to talk, just send a message and I’ll be on the other side to help.
Me: I bought one for Vision and the daughter-in-law. It is the least I can do after killing most of her family.
I don’t want that for us, but sometimes I’m not sure how to avoid it. Despite that, you know I worry. I’m never going to not worry about you. You’re my best friend, besides Platypus. I like for you and me to be almost normal with each other. I’m sure that’s just the wishful fantasy, but I’m still hopeful. We have to get there eventually, right?
Anthony: I would describe in detail what I want to do with you, but I’m pretty sure the Princess is reading this.
Me: You have a point. Hey did you change your name in my phone? You’re now listed as Tony Bear instead of Anthony.
Me: At least the ones that don’t involve nudity. Like I said, we spent a lot of time figuring out what to do about Benjamin. We are recommending training, but it’s going to be up to her. No, I probably won’t be arrested. Neither do I think that she’s going to put Benji out on the street. However, I’m going to have to get her the biggest shoe basket ever, but I think we’ve reached a consensus on that. I hope.
Tony Potts: Actually, I stopped when the Ana stuff came out. It is good to know. This will make operation keep away easier. We can put a list of where all the stones were in 2018. They can do all the tech work.
Me: So, to make up for it, I said I would do the interview and you’re going to have to help because you are the one who said no press conferences for Benji. Therefore, you and I are going to ask each other the 36 questions that lead to love and then come up with answers that we are completely willing to give in public. It will just be like playing 21 questions again except we’re provided with possible questions. Actually, this may go better.
Steve had his doubts, at first, considering the file he’d read and the tabloids he’d seen, that Tony wouldn’t be a team player.  That he’d be rash, hardheaded, bold and blunt.
, right?  Well the thing I did best before was kill people, and now I just kill people off, so I guess it’s kind of the same thing, right?  Y’know?  I mean, like, you can just kill me right now because it’s not even 11 AM and none of that was supposed to leave my mouth and now I think I’ll just, uh…..”
So why he found himself gushing out the details of motorcycle and car mechanics to some guy, he had no clue.  Really, he didn’t.
Steve shakes his head, sliding his back down the window into a slump on the floor.  Natasha follows in suit, leaning into his side.
It was so terrible and disgusting that Tony burst out laughing, a sharp, bitter sound that stung his own ears.  Steve’s eyebrows shot up, his glare increasing as he leaned forward in his chair.
Ah yes, of course.  Tony’s favorite greeting, and his most common one (next to ‘Tony no’, but who’s counting, right?)
“Yeah, I...hurry, I’m…” Tony panted, cock throbbing as his mind was full of heat, nothing but heat and this desperate desire to have every last coherent thought fucked straight out of his whirring mind.
Steve and the team had raided his workshop for booze before he’d gotten back to the tower after his incident, but he was Tony Stark and fuck, he had to have something down here.
She offered him a small smile, one that would have been made of pity, if it had come from anyone else.  “It makes sense.  We all know she was your girl, your
Because Steve is.  Every night, like clockwork he lies awake with a pounding head and a rasping heart.  Another failed day, another day without a cure.  Another day without a call.
Steve didn’t even wait for an elaboration on the situation.  Instead he bolted through his door, nearly knocking it off his hinges as he made his way toward the stairs and down to the lab.  His chest ached with anxious, crippling fear, fear of the worst, as he made his way to the correct floor.  He didn’t even have to punch in the override code, the doors opened for him at his presence.
The topic of conversation changed, but Steve couldn’t get it off of his mind, that Peggy was there, there with Tony, and got to spend that time with him that Steve never got.
Soon enough he was dropped off, Tony throwing a bundle of cash onto the seat as he stumbled out of the car, making his way into the tower.
“I’ll follow you with my fake and you can follow me, so you have a starting point,” Clint said, and with a wink, he was off, leaving a slightly bemused Steve with his fake Twitter account, ready to face the world.
T’Challa is donating some of his own medical tech to the hospital.  He wasn’t on Steve’s side of the...Incident, so his contribution, and presence, is welcome.  It comes with gratitude and grace, Steve is sure.
What he sees nestled inside the box nearly causes his knees to buckle.  He steps back, hands clutching at his own face but it doesn’t feel like his own hands because how could it how could it he can’t believe can’t believe can’t believe it why would Tony do this how could Tony do this how could he have ever done all those things to Tony said all those things because Tony is just so.  So.  So so so sososososo.
logo stenciled on in fresh, glistening paint.  Even that is almost too much for Steve, seeing Tony’s name embellished before him.
There was a voice trying to penetrate through the buzzing in his ears but it was nothing but white noise and it didn’t matter anyway because Steve wasn’t here, he wasn’t fucking here and Tony was alone, so very alone once again and it was ripping him apart from the inside out and he had to do something, he had to do
It was selfish of him to think that he wished he’d managed to do it, so he wouldn’t have to deal with….
Clint stuck out his tongue, and was about to keep scrolling through Tony’s digital collection when a voice piped up.
He was able to help out the village, of course, just in different ways than Bucky did.  Herding sheep, however, was something he could do, and could do well.  He was an avid horse rider, and prided himself on his ability to work with animals.  Bucky was good at it too, of course, but this was one of the few things that Steve had him beat.
Tony knew it wasn’t going to last.  It never did, for he didn’t deserve someone like Steve, not even for his friendship.
“I apologize,” one of the nurses cut in, his face stern as he turned towards the Avengers, “but I need to ask you all to leave while we finish looking him over.”
why he should care, but that was a cruel, cruel joke in and of itself.  Just because of some stupid name, he had to watch his every move, had to do this and do that and
to see he finishes inside his own head, because really, what could it be?  There’s no note, no letter attached.  The box is big enough to contain some sort of gun, but what use would Steve have for a gun, and why would Tony send him one?  The only other thing he can think of his some sort of new uniform, but even that is a stretch.
He swiped to answer the call, bringing the phone to his ear.  “Hello, you’ve reached the voicemail of Tony Stark.  I’m probably out doing science, or I just don’t give a shit.  So leave a message.  Or don’t.”  He then did his best impression of a mechanical
Steve isn’t used to this.  Ever since he stepped into that metal coffin and came out a foot taller and a hundred pounds heavier, he’s been in the eye of the media, one way or another.  And it was fine, is fine, to an extent.  But this?  Having to hide, having to operate in complete secrecy, knowing that the government is breathing down his back?  He wishes things were different.
“Are you going to tell me what happened?  Was there--don’t tell me there was a call and you decided to do that lone wolf shit again because I swear to--”
Steve groaned, flopping across the table with his head buried into his arms.  This was such a mess, he needed to make things right with Tony.  With them like this, everything felt so...off and wrong.  This wasn’t like them getting into a silly argument, this
It was still dark out, after midnight but only just.  Small blessings, really.  At least no one would be looking for him.
It had been so nice then.  Why, as the years went on, had he been so eager to finish?  So eager to take over the family business?
“You’ve been out for awhile.  Over a day.”  The other man said, leaning forward his chair, arms crossed and resting on his knees.  “It’s not...unexpected, considering what happened to you.”
“You’re a good man, JARVIS” he was nearly there, the train was nearly steady on the tracks, nearly there, just-
Bucky, on the other hand, had grown substantially, both taller and broader.  He’d teased Steve about it, how he’d eventually grow hit that growth spurt, that he was really just a late bloomer.  They both knew, of course, that it was because of Steve’s damned immune system--constantly failing on him and taxing his body--that he wasn’t able to grow into himself.  Or, well, the himself he wanted to be.  Needed to be.
and maybe, maybe he still is because he’s crying into his ratty sweatshirt, soaked through and through with blood and salt and cracks in his ribs and metal crunching against his torn and beaten skin and his name being slurred drunkenly from his father’s lips, blood on Yinsen’s lips and despair on Pepper’s and pain on Steve’s--
The same fantastic smile Tony had been wearing moments before returned upon his face, eyes glinting.  “I think I could try that, yes.”
Turning the thing on, he made his way through the door and down the stairs, clambering through the main room (nearly empty now), and through the door.
Stabbed into a pedestal of sorts was a bright, shining sword, sun sparking of the crisp blade and purple hilt.  It was beautiful, gorgeous even.  More than that, however, it was a weapon, a weapon Steve so desperately needed if he was to face the cloaked man whenever he did show himself.
sleep, not as much as the average human, then by Clint and Thor who came running whenever food was involved.  Bruce just kind of came on his own, followed by Nat, after figuring out where everyone was huddled at two in the morning.
This happened more than Tony was willing to admit.  It wasn’t every day, but sometimes Tony just had Bad Days, and on Bad Days, sometimes, the voices inside his head were just too much.
Slowly, as if in a trance, Steve stepped towards the blade, his feet taking slow, careful steps.  Without thinking, he reached out, grasped the blazing purple handle, and pulled.
I’m not doing that.” Not anymore, he didn’t say.  He nearly shuddered, shoving the thought back down into the depths of his brain.  Thirteen year old him hadn’t discovered booze yet, and he didn’t have many other options.  But that was done, it was over, and he
Once the repairs were done (Tony choosing to do most of the work himself as to provide the city with more construction workers, something Steve really didn’t see coming from Stark even after his stunt with the nuke), and the team each had their own floor, complete with a common room, gym, natatorium, and a pantry more stocked than the grocery stores in Brooklyn circa 1941.  And it was great.
Steve met the other man’s gaze, the true meaning behind his words dawning over him.  “I would’ve come here either way.  No matter what, I would’ve come.”
Steve whipped his head around, eyes coming across a slender man with a white, glistening tunic hanging from his shoulders.  It must’ve have been silk--Steve had never seen the cloth, but he knew how precious and fine it was--with gold thread trimming the hems of his sleeves.  Hanging from the belt cinched around his waist was a deep red apron, embroidered with the symbol of the royal family--three golden triangles, with one stacked on top of the other two in a pyramid formation.
“Stark was about as close as family as she had, besides her brother,” Fury had said to him, and Steve had wanted to press for more, but Fury was a busy man (Steve had known that since day one) and it was a borderline personal issue, and Fury wasn’t one to dwell into those.
As soon as he strode through the hallway, entering the dimly lit room, a couple of girls came over to him, muttering sweet talk to him, but he had no interest in such things.  It was the room through the door near the bar that held his real desire.
“Well I can see that,” Bruce muttered, voice on the edge of exasperation.  “But, why?  And you do really think it’s a good idea to have a fire pit going in the middle of your lab?”
And he knew it was too long and too full of people to lower to the ground, so his only option was to bring it back up.  And sure, the new model suit was stronger than the others, but the suit could only handle so much, really.  And the train, the train was fucking heavy.
It didn’t matter.  Tower constructions were well underway within two weeks, nearly completed in three.  And he had more than enough space.
Steve was used to weird, and he was used to people trying to mess with him, and he was getting used to what 21st Century people did for fun.
And it was ridiculous, it really was, because Peggy was never his, not really.  He’d loved her, of course he did, how could he not?  But besides that, Peggy was not a woman to be claimed by
Me: Thank God. Maybe things are different enough in this timeline/dimension or whatever already, so that baby brother wouldn’t be tempted to lie through his teeth to his girlfriend without your interference. Therefore, I didn’t have to be stuck for the last five days with the kid while you try to fix things.
“And I’m grateful for that after the Sharon fiasco,” Tony remarked. “Seriously, don’t date people I’ve changed the diapers of. I would suggest the half your age +7 rule but I don’t think I’m going to qualify until I’m  65. Maybe for you, we can do half your age -7. So nobody under 42,” Tony smirked at him.
D Fitzsimmons: Which was apparently a wizard's house? I am now stuck here. I think it was the wizard's fault.
OIG stands for the Office of Inspector General. In this case, we’re specifically talking about the Inspector General for the Department of State. I feel like the office was busy during the Ross administration in the MCU. At least they are busy in the timeline of my story.
Red phone: I finished high school by 14. That means I was always the smallest kid in class and also the smartest. They either all hated me because I really was better than them or pretended to be my friend to use me. I preferred the ones who just shoved me in a locker because at least I knew where I really stood.
Friday: Although this is fascinating, please try to keep your report to the relevant topic at hand, which would be how you arrived. Also, the boss would like to know how you ended up the head of R&D.
Anthony: I am really looking forward to testing out the healing powers of your ass. Oh, the things I want to do. How do you feel about whips and chains? I assume you don’t have any lubricant allergies?
Tony: Yeah well you “died” for your country, so you should get a pardon. You also freed a high profile captured American citizen two months ago, so Ellis is grateful, even if Ross was furious.
Red spider: No, but better me then MJ. Besides, I didn’t want May and Coulson to watch it alone. She’s their little girl.
Counselor Laura: That Tony and Steve shouldn't have kept talking to each other because it was a ridiculous security risk. Coulson was covering for them because he was a closet Stony shipper. Amusingly enough, Tony Stark-Rogers had Friday covering them up with porn. Jim was not amused when he ended up the new director of Shield.
"And then there’s the fact that there’s no filter right now and I’m pretty good at saying the wrong thing at the worst possible time.”
In the end it really doesn’t matter. He’s never going to be that James again because too much has happened. Then again, I’m not who I was back then. Why should I expect that of him? Maybe I’m having trouble letting go of the past, but I’m trying.
Me: We took out everybody and I got to practice using full armor. Which was interesting, considering one of my teammates can actually melt me.
Agent Laura: OK, Suarez and I came up with it, but Tony went along and managed to make the President see our point of view. We’re trying to demilitarize and rethink what the agency can do.
Me: Fuck. You know I’m not going to be able to keep Liberty from getting to him. Really it’s a small miracle that they stayed apart so far.
But I do want to do something in New York. Especially for Spidey Junior and Ms. Marvelous. Also, check with Kevin to see if Pepper can make it. I feel like she could use a few days away from Malibu.
Anthony: That explains why you asked if Laura was the one who showed me the video file. When my AI becomes concerned, you know things are problematic.
HSBF: Actually Stephen Carter could give the Peggy answer because isn’t she kind of his mother-in-law. Did I ever thank you for doing that? Seriously you made me related to her.
Red phone: I met him a couple of times growing up. Cool guy, but definitely the type to expose you to every dirty word in the dictionary.
Me: He will always be my baby. Since the moment I held him the night when his parents died, he’s been my little boy. He is always going to be my baby.
Me: Most of the questions from Snookums were, except for when he asked me if I was ever a member of Hydra. I responded with a resounding ‘Fuck, no! They murdered my parents and Ana.’
Tony: I get that. However, Leo Fitz is a miracle worker and Melinda is fine. They’re still running test but she’s recovering nicely, despite the shot directly to the spinal cord.
Could Peter be keeping a big secret from you? Probably. If he is, then maybe he’s afraid of how you will react when the truth comes out. I never told my dad I was also into men. I was too terrified to. I didn’t want to be different and I felt hiding was easier. I didn’t want to make him even more disappointed in me than he already was. I always felt like I was never good enough for him. I regret the fact we never had that conversation, especially because I recently found out that he knew and was okay with it. Peter will tell you when he’s ready and hopefully you won’t find out via a video from YouTube.
Nomad: They were all that you talked about for months and you just left for no good reason? Why? What are you thinking?
Cuddle Bunny: That still doesn’t take away the problem of not knowing her. I can’t blindly trust somebody that I haven’t worked with
Nomad: Not always. You’re a good person, Tony Stark, deep down, where it counts. I’m sure she’s seeing that.
“Partially. But it really didn’t change things. When I accidentally posted my private parts to Instagram, everyone said how un-Captain America that was.”
“I’m not worried about Ross, at least not that much. I’m okay with people knowing that I’m bisexual or Stefan being bisexual. It’s well overdue." He wonders now why he never did an interview. Maybe because he wanted this to be private. So much of the world thought they knew who he was. (Yes, he did spend the morning when Tony was in meetings trying to find that really bad 90s movie that they did on him).
Me: Yes, and it mostly involved keeping three children calm for two days. But I’m the one who didn’t want him to tell you, despite this new honesty thing you’re trying. I didn’t want Clint to find out until things are sorted and I had time to contact him myself.
Tony: I'm just glad it was Senior. Junior would have turned himself invisible due to the trauma, and then we would have never realized what was happening.
At this point, Steve decided to just take Tony’s phone away. He placed it in his pocket, despite the fact that Tony was pouting at him.
Me: And if you talk to her at all, you think that she's going to force you to talk about why you chose Bucky over everything?
Monkey Lover 2: Mum does. He doesn’t. He didn’t stick around long enough. Now I know that it was for the best. I just want to forget he exists. I hope he doesn’t try to get in contact with me. I never want to see him again.
