Dean kicks the door to Amara’s room open and deposits her on the bed.
Dean clears his throat as they break apart. “We’ve turned into the biggest fucking saps. Go, go lift your silly weights.” He shoos Cas out of the kitchen and smacks his butt as he goes. “And hey! Don’t forget to walk your sweaty body through here on your way to the shower.”
“He screams when I touch you,” he whispers. “He’s screaming right now.”
“Maybe my new Thursday? I don’t know yet.”
“The woman who made you realize you were bi.”
Sam sighs. “It’s weird. It’s weird, right? Mom being here.”
“What’s a Netflix?”
“How’d you make the keychain?”
It took just a couple of weeks for Dean to put on the weight he wanted, to make his skin supple and firm instead of sagging. He drank sparingly, he was sleeping better, and he had more energy and an improved libido.
“Well, Castiel, you really made him into your own, didn’t you?” Bela said. “Tailored him perfectly to you so he can’t go running off with anybody else, hm?”
He barely even hits play on some soft rock when there’s a knock on his door followed by Sam walking right in.
When Dean felt his deepest doubts about his and Cas’ friendship, he would think of the most ludicrous thing: The future that never happened, the one Zachariah threw him into where Dean led a group of desperate people at a place called Camp Chitaqua.
He hasn’t heard Dean laugh like that in a long time, so he pauses and cranes his ear toward the door.
“Who are you texting?” Cassie asked quietly, her mouth pressed to Dean’s skin. She nosed at his chest and wrapped her lips around a nipple.
“I don’t trust that Dean knows what he wants.” Castiel looked down into his cup and circled his thumb around the ceramic. “I apologize for discussing your brother so crudely with you, but he’s very sex-oriented. I don’t understand why he would give up his lifestyle for me. I barely like sex at all.”
, and right now I’m choosing not to do anything.” He gives Cas a wide grin and then takes a dramatic bite of bacon.
“What kind of monster did you awaken when you helped with that infection?” she asks, still frustrated. “Almost as soon as the disease died out, people started coming back to life. Trees popped out of the ground overnight. How is it all connected?”
“You’re scaring me, man. I hope you’re OK and your phone just died or something, because I’m starting to freak out here. I need you, so if you’re in trouble you need to find a way to let me know. Please get here soon.”
“I treated him at the ER one night a few months ago,” Cas explains smoothly before taking a drink of his water.
Cas gingerly but forcefully took the baby out of Dean’s hands and carried her over to Pati. Dean crossed his arms over his chest and pouted.
When he did, he had a box next to him on the bed.
“That’s fine, I’ll make a reservation. Take you somewhere nice.”
“Because Paula told them about how peaceful and relaxing it was for her.” Cas smiles shyly. “I must admit, I was flattered. I never would’ve imagined being stuck with me would be peaceful and relaxing for anyone. It certainly wasn’t for Jimmy.”
They spent a week at home looking for cases, helping other hunters with research, doing nothing.
think it was terrible?” Dean’s eyes widened. “Oh god, am
“That’s about 47 items down on the priorities list right now. She went into the woods, came out older a second later.”
Dean swallowed a big bite of ice cream and said, “I work in a nursing home. Actually, I worked in the hospital right out of school, but the pay was shit. Been at a SNF for five years now.”
Cas looked curiously at Dean’s (Cas’) shirt. “I think you look better in my clothes. They suit you.”
Dean looked at her, considering. She was so soft, her skin glowing, and his stupid body desperately wanted to feel her, sniff her perfect hair, squeeze her.
Dean responds right away,
A long silence stretched between them. A bird was singing outside.
Cas put his toothbrush in his mouth with one hand and rubbed his other hand along Dean’s lower back and down to his ass, where he grabbed a handful.
The problem was that after orgasm, Dean would drop back down to reality and immediately ask himself what the fuck he was doing. He wasn’t exactly ashamed so much as he was embarrassed, and he felt it acutely when he returned to the motel and found Cas awake.
It feels like the town is imploding around them, like they could sink into the ground at any moment. Dean drives, his foot on the gas, his eyes on the road, determined. When he makes it to the highway, everything shifts back into normalcy. His phone rings.
“Why does your breath smell like cigarettes?” Cas asks.
“You can, actually. This isn’t a display room. You live here.”
“No, he most certainly is not,” Rowena says as she strolls into the room carrying a small bag that she flings from her hand, releasing some kind of dark powder into the air. “He used everything within himself to temporarily knock out a being as powerful as God. Now why would he need to do that, hmm? What could possibly make him do such a recklessly useless thing?”
Sam leaned in close to Castiel and put a hand on his shoulder. “Don’t mention them to Dean unless he brings them up, OK? I don’t mean to tell you what to do, but it’s just, you know, one of those things.”
“I’ve never told anybody, Cas. I don’t want you to think I’m…I don’t know.”
“He what, Dean? You can tell me.”
Mary Winchester asks Castiel a lot of questions.
Cas moves, but Dean puts a hand to his shoulder and whispers, “Don’t.” Amara is still sleeping.
“Dean, can I have another burger?” is all Sam says.
Star Tattoo paused, smiling, and scratched the back of his head nervously. The way this guy acted, Renee suspected he figured out his sexuality and gender or whatever very late in life. He was acting like he had never had a boyfriend before, which was adorable. Renee could relate.
“How long did you…?”
“I meant going to sleep.” They stood from the couch and stretched. “Which is what I’m going to do right now. Night, Castiel.”
They both turn to him. There is a long stretch of silence, and then Dean turns on his heel and stomps out the door.
“No,” Castiel answers, eyes still on his phone.
“I didn’t—realize—when—”
“Uh, hey, Cas,” Dean says. “Is that Crowley? You haven’t killed him yet?”
They only slept for a few hours before Eileen woke them up in the dead of night to hunt.
“Yeah, everybody keeps saying that.”
Billie looks at him, raising her eyebrows in question. She shrugs.
“On the phone,” Charlie replies. After a moment, she asks in a whisper, “What the hell was going on earlier, Dean? Were you hallucinating?”
“Thank you, Dean.”
person. The way Star Tattoo talked in his videos, Renee had assumed he was a forever bachelor that had sex with whomever he wanted. He had never mentioned anyone by name before even when he talked explicitly about past sexual encounters, and maybe Renee was imagining things but it seemed like he had said this person’s name by accident.
Dean loses it. “I raised you! I’ve taken care of you for your entire life, and this is how you treat me?”
Cas looks at Dean helplessly as Charlie drags him out of the kitchen.
Sam laughed so hard he nearly spit his beer.
Cas knocks on his door, even though it’s open. Dean shuts the journal and turns in his desk chair to look up at him.
His phone rings.
Crowley rolled his eyes. “Two more dollars per hour.”
The same woman who approached Dean in the parking lot suddenly walks out in front of the Impala, causing Dean to curse and slam on the brakes, but it’s too late, she’s too close, and he runs right into her. He pitches forward and drops his phone beneath his seat. When he puts the car in park and gets out, the handful of other cars on the road rudely honk at him as they pass.
“Hmm? Oh. Um, we’re watching
No, Cas, I’m the one who—”
“What?”
“No.” She pauses momentarily. “It doesn’t matter what I do, Dean. I’m not real.”
Dean stared at his phone, willing Cas to answer faster. His heart was hammering in his chest.
Dean threaded his fingers up through Cas’ hair. “You should enjoy sex for you, though. My body’s just a body. Who cares.”
Dean squints at him through the mirror, but Cas just turns his head and stares blankly out the window.
By the time Sam was old enough to recognize that it was unfair for him to have food when Dean didn’t, Dean knew he had to do something. He couldn’t have his little brother taking pity on him, forcing their meager supplies at him and begging him to eat while Sam himself was still skin and bones.
Jesse didn’t ask any follow-up questions, too busy putting his mouth to Dean’s skin and moving his hands down around to Dean’s thighs, massaging his knotted muscles. Jesse had massive, strong hands, impossibly soft, and Dean couldn’t get enough of them. Jesse was also trans, which Dean didn’t know until he and Cesar told him after they had been his Sunday for a month. They were terrified to tell him, worried that he would react badly and leave them.
—you’re just a man. A human. You can’t collect them like they’re your emotional playthings, and you can’t make them love you. Stop trying.”
“I’ve been having visions,” Sam says apropos of nothing.
“She hasn’t tried to come after you?” Dean asks.
Dean blinks at him. “Well, yeah, but that’s not the point.”
I do. Thanks.”
Dean’s heart is beating rapidly against his rib cage. Cas looks at him curiously. He can probably hear his heartbeat, feel it.
He could
On the first hunt, Dean nearly broke his arm pushing Cas away from a fight. They ended up fleeing the scene early to take care of the injury.
Cas walked over, holding a hand out to Cassie and introducing himself while Dean put a protective hand on his back and kept him close to his side.
He accepted it. “Thanks, Cas.”
Benny smacked his ass. Hard. “Always.”
Instead, he had said “cool” and shown up the next week in a babydoll t-shirt with light blue and pink horizontal stripes.
“Yeah,” Sam answers. “I know it’s different than what you’re used to, Mom, but there’s nothing wrong with it. There’s nothing abnormal about being gay or bi or whatever.”
“I’m gonna spend the night here if you don’t mind,” Jody announces as she kicks her boots off.
Lost in his thoughts, Dean barely registers that both Sam and Charlie are in the kitchen when he walks in.
Dean, itching to move and sick of being in the same spot for too long, eventually leans over and nips and kisses at Cas’ neck and face, forcing him to eat even slower. Every so often, Cas turns and pecks Dean on the lips in acknowledgment of his ministrations.
“I’ve been trying to get to you, but I’m not at full power.” Cas takes a few steps closer to Dean. He’s sopping wet, like he’s been walking in the storm for hours.
“Well, that depends. I clean the kitchen, like, multiple times per day. I dust and wipe the whole house every couple of days, vacuum and mop once a week.”
Dean laughed. “Yeah, you kind of do. That’s, like, totally the kind of clothes a straight dude would wear.”
“Can you two can it?” Jody asks at a regular volume. “I’m trying to hear what these sad French people are saying.”
Castiel startled, his eyes widening. “Right. Fuck.” He walked quickly out of the room.
Cassie walked into the kitchen smiling brightly, wearing a fluffy robe and a red bonnet over her hair. She slid an arm around the expanse of Dean’s shoulders and went on her tiptoes to kiss him.
Dean cuts Cas off with a butterfly kiss to his collarbone, over the fabric of his t-shirt.
It’s also lucky that full grown, she weighs 4 pounds. One time Sam walked right past Dean with her cupped to his stomach. All he had to do was pretend like he had a stomach ache. Other times he just holds her behind his back and sneaks out the side door to take her for a walk. It’s really very convenient to be a giant man with a tiny dog. (The looks they get on walks is, frankly, priceless.)
“You don’t seem like the type of man to enjoy oatmeal so much that you would eat it for anything other than breakfast.”
“You don’t have to like him,” Dean reasons. “Trust me, there are plenty of days I don’t like Sam. But I still trust him, and I need him. Always.”
Thursday
Dean breathes out a sigh. “So Amara is baiting us, got it.”
“Jesus, lady, what—”
“What?”
“Oh, um, that? Uh, my oxyacetylene torch ran out of oxygen and crapped out on me.”
“Hm. Dean doesn’t have any pictures in his house,” Castiel said absentmindedly.
“Hey boss, felt a bump at my back 10 seconds ago. Should I be worried?” Dean says as he focuses back down at his unfinished weld.
Clint, embarrassed, tries to apologize, but he’s interrupted by a knock on the door.
“Yeah, I guess not.”
Sam said, “You know, how his Sundays are Jesse and—oh my god.” Sam’s face drained of color. “Oh my god, he never told you.”
Dean glared at his brother, silently chastising him for his ignorance, then he said, “I’m not answering that, Sammy.”
Mary downs the rest of her beer. “You had a crush on John Travolta when you were 4, Dean.” She winks at Cas. “If you want my approval, you’ve got it.”
“Not, like, in a bad way. You’re just really thin. I think some weight would be good.” Sam took another bite of his sandwich. “I didn’t wanna say anything, but your appetite has been weird for, like, two years. You drink more than you eat.”
“Yeah, I think I just need...I need some time away from that bunker.” She looks between the two of them.
Cas came up to them, settling a hand on Dean’s lower back and looking between the two of them. “Bela, I presume?”
“You never thought about having a baby again in your life, did you?”
“You cut your hair,” Cas said gruffly, barely shutting his door all the way in his rush to get over to Dean. He reached up to Dean’s hairline and ran his perfect fingers along the edge. “It looks so good.” He was gentle, tentative, as he carded his hand through it. “So much more like yourself.”
Sam can’t help himself and laughs while Cas vehemently denies the accusation with “no’s” and “of course not’s” and “how could you ever think I would do that to you, Dean’s.” By the time he’s done, Dean’s laughing, too.
“Both, I think,” Benny replied in his deep southern drawl. “What d’you want to drink?”
“You canceled on Cassie for him though.”
Sam debriefed them as Dean drove. They were in a fairly small town with a ghost legend that nobody believed, yet several dozen people were camping outside a locally famous abandoned farmhouse in hopes of catching a glimpse. According to the lore, the last time the ghost appeared it killed a random assortment of people and announced to everyone else that it would be back in 200 years, on exactly this date. Nobody knew if their grandparents’ grandparents were all just fucking with them when they passed down the story.
He waited until other Dean looked him in the eye. “Eventually you’re gonna accept the fact that Cas lived thousands of years without doing anything other than following the will of heaven, never changing course, only to meet you and learn love so completely that the only thing he wants is to be with
Cas stayed the night again, same routine as the previous night, and Dean once again didn’t sleep well. The good news was that he had plenty of time to sleep on the couch during the day when everybody was at work and he had nothing to do but read or watch TV and eat.
“I wasn’t the one hurting you,” adult Amara continues. “That really was the Mark.”
“Whoa, whoa, hey, Cas, shhh. It’s all right.” On instinct, Dean steps forward and wraps Cas in his arms and holds the back of his head against his chest. Cas sinks into the touch. “Why were you trying so hard to get here anyway?”
“He and I, um, spent a lot of time in bars—I mean, I could drink a whole shelf and barely feel anything, so it was pretty fucking stupid. But he’d, uh, hook me up with women, like, be my wingman or whatever. I slept with so many women, dude, I probably should’ve been tested for STDs, I swear, it was like—”
“Yeah, uh, slow start. Cas was pretty wiped from the Amara thing, so.”
There’s a crash in the hallway, followed by what sounds like a body slamming into something and several heavy objects falling to the floor. Despite what he said to Sam, Dean decides not to explore the noise; he goes to the kitchen table instead, where Cas is watching TV on a tiny screen.
“See, I’m plenty easy enough to fall asleep on,” he mutters to her.
One night Dean rolled over and Cas was just
“Doesn’t matter.” Sam moves over to sit closer to Cas. “He’s lost you too many times to be logical.”
“Something is wrong here,” she says.
Dean swallows. “Yes.”
After a year and a half, Dean finds out.
“Dean,” Cas chastises. He grabs Dean’s wrist to make him stop bandaging him. They look at each other.
“Are you alright?”
“Hi,” he answered, turning his body more fully toward her so he could squeeze her hips and kiss her properly.
“Sort of.”
Dean reaches over and tangles their hands together, swinging them back and forth playfully on top of the table. “Can’t help it,” he says gently. “If you’re near me, I gotta touch.”
It took them 45 minutes to pick out a movie, as they argued over what genre to watch while Dean clicked recklessly among his many streaming services on his too-big TV. They settled on
“On that note, I’m gonna head out,” Charlie said as she stood. “Cas, you’re way too good for him, but you already know that.” She leaned over to give Cas a hug, which clearly surprised him.
Claire laughed out loud at him. “Yeah, let me come to your place though because my mom will kill me if I wreck the kitchen. What ingredients are you missing?”
“Huh,” Jesse said, getting a good look at Dean. “He takes good care of you.”
“What’s this?” he asked, holding the space trilogy up.
“I heard yelling,” she says. Then, because she’s only a couple weeks old, and she’s spent her entire short life bringing out the best in Dean, she says the impossible: “You never yell.”
“Hey, Jody,” Dean starts, his eyes on Cas.
Dean clenches his jaw and nods while he feeds Amara, his back to Cas. “Right. While you and me play house.”
He found a similar note in N.K. Jemisin’s
Dean:
The most Dean can do is close his eyes and lock his jaw. It’s not Cas’ fingers on his face. Just like it wasn’t Cas’ lips on his cheek, it wasn’t Cas’ anger flaring up for no reason, it wasn’t Cas’ impatience, it wasn’t Cas’ knowing smile when he stripped his shirt off in front of Dean, it wasn’t Cas being too close and touching Dean too much and making Dean feel uncomfortable and on edge for the past several days.
Dean. “If it was all you, then maybe you weren’t lying when you had Charlie say that there are spells that could keep you contained.”
“Maybe I’m just not good at it. I don’t know.” Cas’ shoulders raised in a shrug. “I know I prefer men, but still, I’ve never dated a man longer than a few months before getting...bored.”
move different?” Dean asks with a mouthful of eggs.
“I might fall back asleep,” Dean said.
Cas hugged Dean from the side, linking his hands around Dean’s love handles. “Yes, he’s been scowling a lot less toward me at work lately. I kind of miss it.”
“‘Cas!’” Lucifer mocks.
Benny turned 40 this year, and was definitively a bear with his hairy face and body and his prominent beer gut. He had only been Dean’s Saturday for about a year, but they had known each other since Dean was in his early 20s and had no idea who he was and was playing the part of a gay twink.
“Too what?”
books. This is when Charlie walks in. They spend a few minutes catching her up on everything.
When the movie ended, they talked about it. Cas enjoyed it and had a lot of things to say. Dean listened.
People are screaming and running in the hallways.
weapons – and thin metal sheets cut into beautiful art, steel sculptures on the floor, steel coffee table, metal chairs, metal everything.
He was old. That was the first thing he noticed. His body was lean, but he had extra skin around his stomach from gaining and losing weight over the years, and it sagged and pulled in all the wrong places. His thighs were pale and too thin, scarred along the inside of his right and above both knees. His pecs sagged too, his nipples pointing more south than they used to, and he had to face the reality that gravity comes for everyone in the end. It was difficult to keep his anti-possession tattoo out of the video. He would have to be careful with his angles.
Always,
As Renee was getting ready for bed that night, she got a notification that Star Tattoo was going live again. She nearly fumbled her toothbrush into the toilet in her frenzy to get to the video.
It was around 5 p.m., and Dean and Cas were sitting on opposite ends of the couch, their legs tangled up in the middle, both reading books.
“No.”
“Well, whatever you nerds are up to, I don’t need to know about it.” Dean leaves the kitchen without another word.
Dean doesn’t make eye contact with Cas as he sets a beer on the table in front of him, but he does squeeze his shoulder as he tells him he deserves it.
“Yeah, and, uh, unfortunately I’m not calling with good news,” she says grimly. “Did you guys ever meet Asa Fox? He was a hunter.”
“This isn’t about Cas. You’re gonna fix Cas,” Dean says. “And if you don’t fix Cas, so help me, not only will I kill you, I’ll make sure Crowley lives forever. Eternal life for Crowley, just to piss you off.”
“Yeah, and we can always call Jack if we really need something,” Sam added.
“Wait! Dean. Um. If you really are quitting…”
“You look pale. Did you have another—”
Since Eileen is still undercover as a staff member, she breaks off from Sam and Dean and tells them to text her if they find anything.
John laughs. “I’m in a good mood, so you don’t think it’s really me, huh?” He takes a step forward and puts his hands up in a defensive gesture. “I’ve been gone a long time, Dean. I’m not the same man I was before. I’m just happy to see my son again.”
“Heya, Cas,” Dean whispers, gesturing for Cas to come inside.
Dean rolls his eyes in an attempt to hide his blush. “C’mon, dude, if I was suddenly a hot chick you’d be annoyed about it, too.”
“This is bad.”
“Well, did you?” Eileen asked.
Castiel’s brain was still somewhat rattled when he and Dean landed in that forest, and it was the loneliness, the constant string of Dean’s prayers filling his head that sorted him out properly. He could see Dean in his mind’s eye, killing everything that came at him, staying awake for two days straight before exhaustion made him agreeable to an alliance with Benny. Dean slept while Benny sat nearby. Castiel watched Dean so closely that he failed to properly protect himself. On a daily basis, he was stabbed, bitten, beaten up, and even once he was nearly decapitated. He didn’t use his grace for frivolous distractions like hygiene, keeping his clothes clean, shaving—he needed the bulk of his attention to be on Dean so he could fly to him in a split second.
Dean tried to go to bed, but he tossed and turned and finally gave up and read a book instead. But then he couldn’t focus on what he was reading, so he gave up on that, too, and tried to go back to bed and still couldn’t sleep. He dusted and wiped down every single surface in his house and then it was still only 11 p.m.
“Yes. I couldn’t place you at first.”
He skipped the gym and went straight to Cassie’s after work, knocking on the side door instead of letting himself in through the garage.
“Oh, Christ,” Dean breathed, dropping his hand over top of Cas’.
Sam ignores him. “How’s Cas?”
Cas moved closer to Dean and put his hand under his t-shirt, feeling every line of his torso. “Do you like your body?”
“Dean, whatever you’re seeing is not real. It’s not real. Come back—come back to me.”
“Is that not still the phrase?” Castiel frowned. “I’ve only been to that building a couple of times, is what I mean.”
“Not really,” Sam replied. “I’ve only met him once.”
“Think about it like this, you won’t have to worry about it once he gets his proper vessel back,” Clint explains.
Dean laughed and closed his laptop, setting it on the nightstand. Cas turned and wrapped an arm around his middle, burrowing against Dean the way he had burrowed into the sheets.
“Oh yeah, and get my ass kicked as usual?”
“I will. Goodbye, Dean.”
“You do everything with your whole heart.”
Cas takes a second to answer. “Um, I suppose at one point in my existence, yes.” He looks at Dean then back to Mary. “But I’m very old. It’s difficult to know everything I’ve ever done.”
It’s still the middle of the night. After they get cuffs around Cas’ hands and feet, Sam apologizes for needing some rest and then says a casual “goodnight,” leaving Dean and Cas to figure out what to attach the chains to.
Cas privately asks Jody if she wants a glass of wine, which she turns down. Dean sees the conversation take place as he’s turning the TV on due to his inability to take his eyes off Cas for even one minute.
“Honey, I knew Cas was gay the second time I met him. Sure, he’s definitely more comfortable and open and maybe a little more, uh, effeminate now, but he’s always been pretty clearly gay. No offense, you just weren’t paying attention.”
“How was your empty Thursday? Did you die of loneliness?” Charlie asked, eyes still on her laptop.
“No, please don’t,” Cas said between kisses. “That’s even worse.”
Tentatively, Sam sits in the chair next to Dean.
Benny said this kind of thing often, and Dean never quite knew what he meant.
before falling asleep. He absolutely needed to get up and exercise, but he was procrastinating.
“Good.” Dean picks up his empty plate and Cas’ full one and takes them to the sink. As he’s getting tupperware for the food Cas didn’t eat, he says, “If you start feeling like you’re getting cooped up here with me and the kid, you can head out whenever you want. I think I’ve got a handle on Amara.”
Dean walks close to Billie and waits until they’re alone in the hallway before he asks, “You excited to reap me today?”
There are protests and questions, but Dean is resigned to his fate and manages to convince them that this is the only option.
“Hm,” Dean grunted.
How many angels would even know what that feels like?
I mean, you’re family already. This is even better.”
“Oh,” Mary breathes, shocked. “Oh god, Dean. That’s, like, a Virgin Mary story.”
“Oh. Hey,” Dean said. “Where are Sam and Eileen?”
Dean huffs a laugh and hears other people laughing in the background. He moves his phone from his left to his right ear and flips a pancake on the stove. “Have you had to put down any people that have gone rabid?”
Venus left during breakfast, and both Sam and Cas acted stiff and uncomfortable around Dean for the rest of the day.
When Cas came back, Dean didn’t experience the mania he had felt the last time Cas returned from the Empty. He was relieved, of course, but he didn’t know what to do.
Sam and Cas walk over to take a look at Amara, and they start coming up with theories, but Dean doesn’t hear any of it. He’s thinking about the last time he had to deal with something like this, with a child aging like a fruit fly: his own daughter Emma. She was an amazon destined to kill him, and he very nearly let her because he wanted to die then anyway. He had lost Bobby, he had lost Cas, and when presented with a child—his own flesh and blood, no less—he couldn’t cope with it. He watched her die. He never talked about it after the case was over.
It was time to be honest with himself.
Dean looked up, mumbled an apology and started signing. “I didn’t ask him if he wanted to hang out again, but yeah, his name’s Castiel. Met him at Chipotle.”
Cas sets the plate of steaks down and stands with his hands by his sides, waiting.
Jerome stayed. But he left before Dean woke up.
“Oh.”
“What?”
“What? I’ll kill him.”
“And if Eileen told you to jump off a bridge—”
Cas slides in and carefully shuts the door behind him. He’s wearing flannel pajama pants and one of Dean’s t-shirts. “Did I wake you? I’m sorry, Sam. I had to do this before your brother wakes up.”
“She planning on going home anytime soon, or are you gonna propose?” Dean asks.
“Did you go for a drive?” Cas asked as he donned his trench coat.
“Hey, hey, hey, no, come back here,” Dean says, scrambling to get up, tripping over his own feet, then finally making it to Cas so he can squeeze his biceps and press kisses to his sweaty shoulder.
Fully awake now, he was tempted to make another video before he went to sleep, but he thought about Cas two rooms over and decided not to risk it.
“I don’t have to listen to you! I could kill you!” The walls of the room shake; gravel falls from ceiling to floor.
“Yes, but I didn’t
Before Cas can ask any other questions, a thumping noise near the front entrance interrupts them. They both move to check it out, but Dean signals to Cas to stay with Amara.
A rush of affection hits Sam hard. He knows, logically, that Dean losing his memory is a bad thing. But. “You taught me how to shoot a gun when I was 7. Dad was so pissed.”
Dean:
Amara doesn’t say anything as she gets out of the car and walks straight into the trees. Dean and Cas are slower to leave the car. They just stand together and watch as Amara gets farther away.
night was?”
“Well, I’m very old, I know,” she replies easily. “But everything is dark. My memory, I mean. I was, I guess, asleep, and now I am awake. I know it was you who woke me up, and I know you and I are bonded in a way that can never be broken, but that’s all I know.”
“Oh really? I was hoping to see an explicit rim job on network television,” Castiel joked.
“OK, uh,” Dean starts, scrubbing a hand down his face. “Somebody needs to stay here, make sure that barrier doesn’t break and if it does, get the cops out of here quick. If we—”
“Uh, good. She’s taking a morning nap right now. Sounds like you’ve got everything under control, but let us know if you need anything, alright? Bye, Sammy.”
“Ooh, am I in trouble? You going to spank me?”
Dean balks at the honesty but doesn’t say anything. He leans forward and folds his hands on top of the table. Somewhere in the direction of Sam’s room, a door opens and closes.
“Yeah, he likes my fucking haircut.”
It was taking too long to come, and he whimpered with his face smashed into the sheets, desperate for release that his body refused to provide. He bit his lip to stop himself from calling out Cas’ name, but he was on his mind—
“Wait! Fuck,” Dean yelled. He sat up fully and pulled a sheet over his nakedness. “No, I want you to stay. I want you to stay, Cas. Right here.”
“That’s not a Thursday, Dean,” Sam said as Dean shooed him toward the front door. “That’s an everyday. That’s your everyday man.”
“I shouldn’t’ve, uh, thrown it in your face that you needed help leaving the bunker,” Dean continues in a small voice. “And it’s not fair of me to be mad about Metatron. I’m sorry.”
“Clint had a talent for finding all the ancestors that thought they was still alive, still enslaved. We spent years traveling all over the South, freeing those folks. Sometimes we didn’t get to ‘em ‘til the damage was done, but we didn’t lose much sleep over it.” She shrugs. “They only ever killed racists.”
“Hmm.”
For a good chunk of the morning, they all hang out in Dean’s room, Sam, with his laptop, and Cas and Amara all spread out on the bed while Dean paces and scrolls through his phone, looking for anything that might help. Sam finds a promising lead a few hours away and calls a hunter to help, some guy he met while Dean was a demon. All he says is the guy’s name is Clint.
You’re Thursday.”
“Dean, I’m sorry,” Cas says. “If I had known Lucifer was going to...that he would touch you…”
Dean winces. “Worth the wait?”
Dean texts back a thumbs up and pockets his phone. He’s in the middle of a game of Words with Friends with his mom, but it’s her turn and she’s taking her sweet time. Clint, Ida May and Sam are working on the nearly completed house, and they insisted that Dean stay back and get some rest when he couldn’t remember the date this morning.
Once they were in bed, Dean folded in on himself and seemed to still be in pain. Castiel shaped his body around him, tucking his knees up behind Dean’s and pressing his crotch lightly to his butt. He wrapped a strong arm around his waist and rubbed his hand gently up and down his stomach while placing kisses on his neck and hair.
They sat at the kitchen table for dinner, and Dean scooted his chair as close to Castiel as possible and rubbed his thigh under the table whenever his hand wasn’t busy cutting steak. Castiel asked Sam and Eileen about their teaching jobs and getting their PhDs and listened to their passionate answers as he watched Dean nervously clear his plate in record time.
was your
So, he left the kid alone. And now he’s standing - hiding in the damn hallway as his brother wraps Castiel’s body.
Charlie comes in a second later, looking terrified. “Dean, what’s going on? Are you OK? Where’s Cas?”
“Both guys?”
He nods stupidly. “Yeah. Yeah, I did do that. Lots of beautiful ladies here, and I ain’t exactly picky. I’m Dean.”
. It’s like a, uh, a–
Monday
“Hmm?” Dean hums back, turning to face Cas while he switches the lamp on.
“How far along are you?” Dean asked, eyeing her as she rummaged through his kitchen.
“Hmm? No. Um. No, I’m sure it’s fine. Sure I’m just imagining things.”
“No, different chick,” Dean responded. Then, “I mean, at least they’re in an open marriage, so it’s not like I cheated with either of them.”
“Eileen, how could you be married to such a homophobe?”
“There. I, um. I think I’m supposed to go there. Talk to him.”
Jerome wasn’t much for cuddling, as he was already putting his pants back on when Dean came out of the bathroom.
His second thought is,
Charlie blows air through her lips. “That’s a tough one, Dean. Why
“Oh no, this pain is quite deep,” Rowena says. “This is going to take some time. I need everyone out.”
“No.” She wobbled her head from side to side, which she had explained to Dean meant “yes,” so he wasn’t sure why she was fucking doing it now. “I don’t think so. I haven’t taken a pregnancy test, but once I confirm it, I’ll figure out who the dad is.” She tapped her fake nails against the countertop. “I hope I can track everybody down. I had a threesome with a white couple a few weeks ago, and I really don’t know how easy it’s gonna be to find those fuckers.”
The vines around Dean’s hand shrivel and fall.
Cas bent forward, and Dean lifted an arm up to grab the back of Cas’ head to bring him down for a kiss. The angle was awkward, and they were both smiling too much, so they settled for several quick, chaste kisses before Cas sat back up.
She doesn’t appear right away. He forgets about it and keeps driving in silence.
Back at home, Dean showered and changed into a pair of jeans, a black t-shirt and a dark green button-down that he kept open with the sleeves rolled up. The t-shirt had started to hug his growing belly, but he was going to wait as long as possible before buying new clothes again. He hoped his body would settle soon so he wouldn’t have to keep replacing clothes, but he also
“Sam gave me these,” he explained. “And I got some frames from the store.”
“What?”
“You’ve had, like, 20 of those.”
Everything stops. The new growth begins to rot and decay as Dean looks into the rearview mirror to see Amara passed out, Cas’ fingers still pressed to her forehead. Cas is breathing heavily, eyes closed, but when he opens them they flicker with bright blue light before returning to normal.
“Dean?” Cas asks.
He gets his coffee and sits at the table with them. Penelope jumps up on his lap and stares at Sam and Cas. Dean acts like he doesn’t even notice. “That’s bullshit. I wake up every time Penelope even has an itch.”
Dean gives him a friendly pat to his newly-shaven cheek.
He’s 25 when he falls in love with Cassie Robinson. He’s 26 when he realizes “falls in love” isn’t really the right phrase. She touched his face a lot, and he never shied away from it. He supposes that’s why he thought he was in love.
“Shut up. I’m not letting you go without getting that book.”
“No. I mean, yes. I did. But I don’t feel that way with you.” Dean put a hand on his shin and rubbed; his foot hurt. “I don’t ever—I don’t get feelings for people. I love sex, and I love several of my day—my hook—my people that I see every week, but they’re like my friends. They didn’t even mind when I told them I didn’t wanna fuck anymore. Cas, I wanna be with you. Only you.”
One day they were checking into a motel and Sam was just about to ask what they were going to do about the fact that there were only two beds when Dean plopped down and yanked on Cas’ coat until he was practically in his lap.
“Oh, yeah. Yeah. I’ve just been here with the kid, you know, getting better after losing the Mark, but I think I’m about ready to get back at it.” He pauses and nods, reassuring himself. “It’s been nice, actually. Almost like taking a break.”
Crowley appears, hands in his coat pockets, standing between the two demons. He looks right at Amara as he says, “Thank you, ladies, that’s enough. Fuck off.”
handsome.”
When he gets back upstairs, he passes Cas in the hallway, but Cas avoids eye contact and doesn’t say anything. The rage bubbles back up, but Dean stamps it down. He goes to the library and finds Sam with his laptop open and books strewn all over the table. Dean walks up behind Sam’s chair and puts his hand on the table next to him, leaning over him so he can look at the computer screen.
Bobby grumbled through his entire party, opening gifts, blowing out the candles, spending quality time with other long-term residents and staff. The only time he looked happy was when he sat outside on the patio with Rufus while they waited for cake. Dean insisted on being the one to cut the cake, because it stopped him from eating a piece. He had cheated so much lately, he really needed to get back on track or else his summer was doomed.
“Oh goddamn it, I’m gonna lose my legs that soon?” Other Dean stood and said, “Christ, I need a stronger drink.”
She runs a hand through her hair. “Of course. I can even help with research from here if you need me to. I’m, uh, moving to an apartment right across the street from Clint and Ida May’s neighborhood actually.”
“Dean, I need you to calm down for me, alright?” Cas talks like this is totally normal, run-of-the-mill, another day at the office type bullshit. “Great white sharks bump their prey before they return to attack. Dean,
“Babe, can you help me move this—”
Lucifer smiles at him. “You know Castiel chose this, right? He couldn’t take it anymore. Your obsession with the Darkness and how you let it consume you so much that you couldn’t even leave home without losing your mind. When was the last time you really even
“Yes,” Cas says, deliberately raising his eyebrows at Dean and setting his jaw. “I let him go. I got the demon tablet, and I got vital information. There wasn’t much more to be gained from—”
On day three, Dean obsessively checks his phone all day even though he knows Cas isn’t calling or texting. It’s nearly midnight when the bunker door opens and Cas descends down the steps, looking pissed off. Sam, Dean and Charlie are hanging out at the war room table when Cas pulls the demon tablet out of his coat and drops it unceremoniously on the table.
“All the shit you went through when you were human, not having a place to stay,” Dean says, “So much of it was my fault, man, and I just—you can always stay here, man. You always have a home here.”
Castiel blinked at him. “I don’t care what other gay men think of my body.” He turned quickly to Dean and added, “No offense, Dean.”
“Is that why you got rid of your Thursday, because he was canceling too much? Do you have a three strikes rule like our Medicare patients?”
“Well, nothing some stitches can’t fix. Just hang on a second.”
Pati:
Cas squeezed him. “Oh, Dean.”
Once Dean had cleared his second plate, Castiel offered to cut the pie. He felt unjustly anxious that they wouldn’t like it, and he was glad that he could reassure himself that Claire had done most of the work and was an excellent baker.
Dean self-consciously patted the side of it. “Do you like it?”
“So what you just admitted is that
Dean nodded, drank some beer.
They would disappear into Dean’s room to “play Scrabble,” and then they would come out two hours later looking angry or exhausted or smug or any other emotion to describe that they had just fucked.
“Oh,” Cas says, surprised.
Sam scratches the back of his head. “Uh, asexual? Like, he doesn’t really engage in any kind of—but, I don’t know, he could also be gay or something. I doubt he’s ever really thought about it.”
They don’t have to make a decision, because Amara reappears after just a minute, walking back toward them with her face set in anger. She looks bigger, slightly older.
“Fine, let him die here. Not like I care.” Crowley shrugs. “I guess we all need to start looking for my mother anyway. What’s the brat’s name again? Amara? Shall we play finder’s keepers with her?”
“Just stay behind me, Cas, OK? In case I need backup.”
“Yes, Cas. You gonna stay mad at me forever?”
She throws her arms up childishly. “I don’t know, Dean! I’m fucking new at this.”
“I’ll need 10 dollars. I wasn’t resurrected with any cash.”
Crowley winks at him. “This is L.A., love. I know a lot of people.”
Being the only male occupational therapist in the building, Dean always had most of the male patients on his caseload. Since he was big and had a deep voice and had grown up with a dad that threatened to beat him if he wore the color pink, Dean was pretty butch and could help male patients with their daily tasks—most commonly bathing, dressing, toileting—without worrying that one of them would notice that the man helping them wash their balls was as queer as the day is long.
“Cas, if you ever change your mind, give us a call,” Cassie said. “You’re exactly my husband’s type.”
“No, Cas, that’s not—you’re not even in your body. You can’t make Paula do that.”
“Plenty of people will still want to fuck you, Pati,” Dean said. “And we can still hang out and, like, touch or whatever. We’re friends, right?”
Cas lands directly in front of Dean as he’s packing his clothes in a motel he and Sam are just about to check out of.
“What a handsome man you’ve caught, Dean,” she said sweetly, cupping Cas’ face in her hand.
And now she’s going to Jody’s? Why is she avoiding us?”
When Sam was in college, Dean told himself he could stop, and instead he upped his game. He was in his early 20s and unwilling to fall asleep hungry anymore. He needed consistent money.
“And it still didn’t get better,” Dean says, disappointment building in his chest. “It got worse.”
His mom finds him next. She puts a hand on his shoulder, a little awkwardly, and asks him what’s wrong.
Dean continues, “You didn’t offer me any comfort or anything. You just got mad and said it was fucked up.”
“This is a very unique car,” Cas said from Baby’s passenger seat.
Dean held his breath and pushed the bottom of his belly up and out of Cas’ way. Once the fly was zipped and buttoned, Dean pressed a quick kiss to Cas’ temple in thanks.
Cas frowns. “From what I know about spring break, it seems like you’d be dealing with a lot of drunk college students. I can’t imagine that’s a good scenario when your brain is trying to keep you subdued.”
A Tuesday
Cas squeezes his eyes shut and shudders, his breaths coming out hard and ragged. Dean’s instincts kick in, and he remembers what he used to do whenever Sam got upset when they were little. He tightens his grip around Cas’ neck and presses their foreheads together, holding him steady and taking deep breaths in and out until Cas’ breathing falls in line with his.
body had told us when they would be here, we could’ve been ready.”
“How do you know someone made them for me? I can cook.”
Jerome leaned in close and yelled in Dean’s ear, “You know, I never get sick of that joke no matter how many white people say it to me.”
“It’s time we talk, Dean.”
Dean starts cleaning up a less serious wound under Cas’ right pec. “She’s asleep in the room down the hall.”
Dean rolls his eyes. When he opens the door to the guest room, Charlie jumps in surprise and puts a hand to her chest to steady herself. Cas hasn’t moved, still lying unconscious on his back in the middle of the bed.
Dean spent Wednesday afternoon getting his locks changed, since Bela refused to give him his spare key back. He wouldn't tell her the reason why he was permanently breaking it off with her, and she had not exactly taken it well.
Cas explained.
Castiel:
“Do you mind if I—”
all the women he sees. The one who wins is a chubby Asian woman around Dean’s age, wearing no makeup and sporting some gray in her long hair, and he approaches her confidently and offers to buy her a drink.
Dean stares straight ahead at the road.
Cas stood and held his hand out to help Dean up. “No, certainly not.”
Crowley gaped like a fish, clearly trying to work something out. “You’re not—how the hell do you know Dean?” Their face lit up with rage. “It’s
It’s not until he turns around and stops for gas on his way home that she shows up, leaning against the side of the Impala and examining her perfect nails again.
Cas texted Dean late on Friday night, while Dean was pacing around his living room having a thought spiral.
Billie’s mouth pulls at the corners. She surveys him, her eyes moving like she’s searching for something. “I wanted to see for myself.”
“Exercise,” Dean answered automatically.
Dean rolls his head up, sighing. “Thanks, Mom.”
“Alright, spill,” Sam said forcefully.
She responds within minutes.
Cas raises his eyebrows in that way of his that makes him look menacing and annoyed. “Like a permanent room?”
“Uh, it’s pretty obvious?” In a sudden moment of clarity, she gasped and put her hands over her mouth. “Oh, no. Dean doesn’t know he’s not straight. Oh my god. I’ve said so many things to him that I would
“Uh, yeah. Yeah, I think so.”
Dean hesitates. He refocuses back on Cas’ body, tending to the rest of his wounds, as he considers what to say. He and Sam have been avoiding the subject so completely that it feels odd that Cas is so willing to discuss it. As Dean cleans the cut on Cas’ bottom lip, he says, “She has the Mark of Cain. And she’s barely out of the womb and might already be walking by the time she wakes up, I don’t know.”
Cas turns the stove off and moves the eggs over to a different burner. His hands, now free, fold over top of Dean’s. He laces their fingers together.
“She’s in my head.” Dean takes a deep breath. “I don’t know how she’s doing it, but she’s in my head. She made me—she made me see things, and then she showed up as an adult. It was her, it looked just like her but, like, my age.”
“Dean,” Cas says. He stands too close. “I was watching the news earlier, and I saw Metatron. He’s nearby.”
Cassie pulled celery stalks and hummus out of the fridge and set them on the counter as she said, “Your clothes are different, too. What the hell did I miss in the past week?”
“Dude, stop,” Dean said, batting Benny’s hand away. “Can we just, like, be normal tonight?”
Another pause.
“So? I don’t like it,” Dean says. “I don’t like you sharing a body with some witch.”
Amara points a finger at the sky. “That cloud is lion.” She roars.
“Well, gee, Doc, thanks for the vote of confidence.”
Charlie had rolled her eyes at him. “Dean, silly. You love him, don’t you?”
“We had enough information in our system, but you haven’t been to the doctor in a very long time. I wouldn’t be doing this if you actually did a regular physical.”
“Oh. Sorry. I didn’t...realize you were here.”
“So, everything alright?” Dean asked.
Cas gives him a sad expression and sets his mouth in a hard line. His eyes drop toward the floor. “If, after I leave, something changes and you need help with Amara, I can come right back. Whatever you need.”
She’s gone before Dean even has time to process what she meant. Charlie.
“So, like. A straight guy’s haircut,” Sam deadpanned.
Castiel’s face twists into a grotesque smile, his lips and eyes pulled in all the wrong directions, making him look not just like a different person but like an actual monster—not a person at all. Dean recognizes the monster in an instant: Lucifer.
He apologized to everyone for the disappointing conclusion to his earlier video and promised that this one would be better because he would have to
“Yeah.” Dean rolls completely on top of Cas and kisses the pocket of fat under his chin. “Don’t let it go to your head, though. It’s not like I’m, like, completely obsessed with you or something crazy like that.”
“Thank you,” Dean said.
It’s Jody.
It hurts to move, but Dean leans forward and reaches out, places a gentle hand on Cas’ shoulder and begs him to open his eyes. When Cas does, Dean helps him to a sitting position and then holds his face in his hands, stroking a thumb across his cheek and wiping a trail of blood away.
“Oh, hey, guys,” Dean says. He grabs a La Croix out of the fridge and takes a long drink. “Didn’t hear you come in.”
Jesse and Cesar already know Clint and Ida May. They worked a case in Mexico together a few years back, spending several months rehabilitating a vampire nest full of scared teenagers. They didn’t have to kill a single vamp.
“Go, go, go, back to the bunker,” Sam commands.
Dean clears his throat and scratches his stubble. “OK, uh, so I guess now’s not a good time to ask you to look around in my brain some more?” he asks with a goofy wince.
“You know I’m ambivalent about that at best.”
“So we still haven’t heard why Dean was in the ER that night,” Sam interjects with a knowing smirk. “Care to tell us the whole story, Dean?”
His last patient of the day was Mildred, and she immediately noticed that something was off about him.
She had gained weight in the two weeks since he’d seen her, her face fuller, belly jutting out more than usual, and she was wearing looser clothes.
“Me and Cas and Sammy can do some heavy-lifting for you, simple repairs and stuff,” he says.
“Of course, Dean.”
“We don’t want to stop hunting,” Eileen finishes for him. “But if there’s a good reason to stop, this is it.”
“Guys, there’s something we need to talk about.”
Dean thinks this is where Sam asks about Jesus, and Dean is pretty sure Chuck waves him off and says, “He was just some guy.”
“I see what Dean’s saying,” Rowena interjects. “Your wee pal Castiel wouldn’t be in this pickle if Crowley were dead, if I hadn’t had to use the attack dog spell, then—”
They were at the mall, both still in their scrubs from work, Dean with a boot on his foot and Sam’s Stanford hoodie on. Dean needed an entire new wardrobe since breaking his foot. He had lost weight, actually, as his muscles softened, but he had a little belly and couldn’t get any of his stupidly tight pants around his pudgy waist anymore. Also, relatedly, he hated everything he owned—unless Cas was wearing it.
“Hm. I don’t know if we can trust the words of a baby.”
“The only way you’ll clear that crowd without drawing fire is if he’s otherwise engaged,” Cas says.
“What! Angels are real, too?”
“Hear anything from Cas?”
“No, no, it was—” Dean looks at Sam then back to Charlie. “It was when you asked me about my exes, and I told you about, uh, Lisa. About how I asked Cas to erase her and Ben’s memories of me so I could leave them.”
“If you’re worried I’ll expect something from you if you spend the night, I won’t. You can sneak out before I wake up in the morning. I don’t care.” Dean looked down at Jerome’s bare chest and ran his hand along it. “C’mon, let me give you a soft bed to sleep in. That wasn’t, uh, exactly my best performance.”
“What? No,” Dean answers. “Why, does it bother you?”
He’s in a time hole again, he thinks.
thing. Just one. Tell Jack.”
“Yeah, that’s what I was saying,” Sam replies, still amused. “Are you listening now? I was saying if you’re up for it, you and Cas could head back out. There’s already some stuff online about weird shit happening near Hastings—a couple people claiming their loved ones have come back to life, a dozen people being discharged from the hospital from a ‘miracle cure,’ uh, massive gardens popping up in people’s backyards...Yeah, social media’s blowing up with this stuff.” Sam looks up from his computer. “What do you think? Go check it out, interview some people?”
Delphine has supernatural warding carved into her body, which has to be cut out if Dean has any hope of getting back to his life.
“They were passing them out at Costco a few weeks ago, and I thought what the hell.”
“I’m a, uh, an occupational therapist. An assistant. COTA,” Dean stammered as he worked the lid of his ice cream off.
Amara’s eyes soften with pity. “To give you time to come up with a plan to stop me?”
While switching lanes, Sam says, “You don’t want fewer people around, though. If that were true, Amara wouldn’t’ve brought back two entire people for you.”
“OK,” Dean tries again. “Cas and I were like that part in
There’s some distant bickering and rustling on the line before Cas says, “Hello?”
Cas nudges his head against Dean’s in fake annoyance. “What did I tell you? What did I fucking tell you, Dean?”
like we’re doing?”
“Well, what do
dad, so you can’t stop me. I’ll let you guys know how it goes, though.”
A short, heavyset white woman looks up at Dean with glassy eyes as she walks slowly toward him, unafraid. “You’re too close to it,” she says in an eerily high-pitched voice.
“What’s that?” Sam asks jovially as he joins Cas in the library.
“Hey, hey, hey, who is this? Stay with me, tell me where you are,” Dean says as calmly as he can manage.
Her body responded with a little bit of interest. Tentatively, she reached down and touched herself, just a slight pressure with the pads of her fingers.
The bunker was quiet. Everyone was asleep.
Dean laughs, caught off guard by the joke. But then Cas looks up at him with a frown and Dean stops laughing.
“Plasma cutter. Mixes oxygen and acetylene together so that you can–”
“I can’t—everything you just told me, I can’t—I haven’t…”
Dean puts one hand on his hip and rubs his eyes with the other.
Cas tugged Dean closer to him and kissed the top of his head. “Because I love you.”
“Why do you make videos of yourself masturbating?”
Sam smiles sadly. “Yeah, I, uh, know we never talk about it, but—I don’t know, I can’t imagine that life now. I don’t regret getting away from
“Not if she can’t control what she’s doing,” Dean replies. “I mean, she called free will a bad thing. We can’t let her sacrifice free will in exchange for bliss, that’s not how any of this works.”
Cas laughs again. “Yes, Dean, I think when you, uh, rub my lower back and kiss my temple while we wait in line at the grocery store or something, you definitely look gayer than you did before.”
Dean is cooing at the baby and tickling her belly with one finger. Right now she has dark olive skin and a head full of black hair and big gray eyes, but that could change any minute. Jody got her just a few months ago when she was trying to help her mom, a teenage shapeshifter, but the girl had a lot of complications and died during childbirth. She asked Jody to name the baby Raven after Mystique from X-Men.
Dean knows Cas’ touch, he knows how it makes him feel even if he isn’t willing to name it, but the fingers against his forehead now feel foreign to him. But, it helps.
“Thank you, sweetheart,” Dean replies in an even tone, despite the lump in his throat. “Where’d you learn that anyway?”
He finally kisses him on the mouth, solid and sure. He pulls away before Dean can really get into it, and he looks up at the ceiling with a mischievous smile.
He is home where his mom would ruffle his hair and hold him on her hip and wipe the dirt from his cheek before patting his face and kissing his forehead. He is home where his father would come in from work and scoop him in his arms and ask about his day and scratch his belly and challenge him to a wrestling match. He is home where Sam’s hand is clenched in his because they have nothing left in the world but each other and nothing makes sense except their hands clasped together.
“It seemed like it was about the time you should’ve been ringing me, so here I am.”
Dean immediately sits up on the side of the bed and looks around the room. “What the hell, man? Are you watching us?”
“Hmm.”
Dean had rules. In the top five was the rule of not seeing any days outside of their designated day, except in the case of waking up next to them in the morning and going home before breakfast. There was no hanging out with one person and then hanging out with another person right afterward.
It isn’t until later that night when Dean is getting ready for bed that he realizes he hasn’t felt woozy or nauseated all day. He didn’t eat much, and he didn’t think to drink any beer or liquor like he usually does. Even just thinking about it, he feels his stomach turn.
“Dean,” Sam chastises.
Cas moved his hand down to Dean’s bare hip and squeezed. “Of course, Dean.”
When the movie’s over, Dean announces that he’s going to bed while looking directly at Cas. Sam clears his throat.
“Did you even check to see what she ordered?”
Sam changes the radio station to NPR, his way of passive aggressively ending uncomfortable car conversations.
“Well, rub lower on my back. Get some knots out.”
“Oh, I’m sure Mom won’t care, I mean—actually, she’s so much like you, she probably
All the people scrambled after him and helped him up, then they all ran away from what was left of the house.
“What did
Dean gives him a stern look. “Because I’m the one she trusts the most. I’m the one she’s least likely to suspect and least likely to hurt.”
As Dean walks around Cas’ chair, Cas reaches his hand up without taking his eyes away from the book. Dean hands over his beer, Cas takes a drink, hands it back, and Dean pulls a chair out and sits close enough to Cas that their legs are knocking under the table.
“I think I might be pregnant,” she said apropos of nothing as she preheated the oven and pulled a frozen pizza out of the freezer.
“Oh no, this isn’t gonna work. I’m gonna have to cut this off,” Dean said, thumbs hovering over his phone screen as he thought of a reply.
He dumped every single one of us for
“We’re not together, you know, Cas is just my—our best friend. Mine and Sam’s.” He clears his throat and stares down at nothing.
“I know,” Dean says, on automatic, and he tries to swallow, to erase his words, but he ends up coughing.
“What’re you doing up so early?” Dean mutters.
“Let’s go somewhere where we can sit down,” Chuck says.
“Well, you did, so now you have to live with it,” Dean says too harshly.
Dean shakes his head. “I can feel her. Yeah, she manipulates me, but we’re connected in a way I don’t think she can control, which means I’m pretty sure I’d know if she was listening. It has to be me. This isn’t up for debate.”
“Hey, lighten up,” she said as she came around the kitchen counter and wrapped her short arms around his waist, looking up at him with big brown eyes. “I promise I’m not gonna make you a dad.”
Castiel:
Dean walks over, hand on his gun, expecting the worst.
Benny dropped a kiss to his forehead. “It’s your turn.”
“Uh, hi?” Dean responds. He sets his duffel bag on a chair and pulls out dirty clothes to take to the laundry room.
He became obsessed with it. He would make a video in the morning and then spend the rest of the day learning how to edit, how to market himself, and watching other people’s videos. Then, before nightfall, he would make another video and spend the rest of the evening editing it.
Sam sighs. “I just want you to be happy.”
“No, I mean forever.” Dean took a deep breath. “I know that’s—I know you’re an angel and I’m just some guy, I’m sure you got better things you could be—”
“Cas!” Dean whisper-shouted.
Cas smiled at him. “What should we do tomorrow?”
“We really are doing a clothing exchange then.”
Dean doesn’t say anything.
They got to some stairs built precariously into the dirt. Dean felt like he was going to pass out. “Cas, I feel like I’m gonna pass out.”
“Yes, me too. I’m a man, Dean. Thank you for recognizing that even when I—when nobody else did, myself included.”
“...There’s a power coming from her. I don’t think it would be a good idea for me to try to look into her mind or body,” Cas says.
“Yes, every once in a while. I’m an RN.”
Cas follows Dean inside and is immediately confused.
Dean messes up several of the wardings, so he chucks the spray paint toward Charlie and stalks back into the bunker. Maybe he doesn’t want to ward the bunker from angels. Sue him.
Cas’ face drained of color. “But. Your penis is huge.”
“Why the hell did you bring my dad back?” he blurts out, exasperated. His chest hurts.
“We’re definitely still planning on going with you,” Cesar confirmed.
Dean hasn’t left the bunker in four weeks, two days. Sam has been out, chasing dead ends, cleaning up Jack’s messes, helping other hunters. When he’s gone, Dean curls up in bed and stares at his laptop. He doesn’t know what he’s looking at or what he’s looking for. He thinks about having a drink, decides it’s too much effort to go to the liquor store to get something. Apparently the cure to alcoholism is feeling too apathetic to even buy a drink.
Half of the moms are smiling knowingly at him, and the other half still have their mouths hanging open. A few of the dads just look impressed.
Dean sprints back to Cas’ room like he’s being called to it. He slams the door open and feels like he might pass out. Cas is in the middle of the bed, his shirt buttoned back up, unconscious once again.
At their first gas stop out of the city, Dean gets a text from Cas.
The rehab director, a physical therapist named Billie, was sitting at her desk in her very small office in the corner of the gym. She looked over at Dean and Bobby and said loudly, “Add Mildred to your schedule, Dean. However much time you want to spend with her.”
dude. I wouldn’t—I couldn’t—it’s not—”
Dean’s heart sinks. He’s torn up about Amara, and he doesn’t want anybody to see how bad he’s doing, but he thought it would be easier if Cas was doing badly, too. Instead Cas is impatient and mean for no good reason.
He decides to take her outside, because it’s the first sunny day since she was born.
Cas stopped rubbing circles into his thigh, his grasp loosening. “You hooked up with someone last night?”
“She’s leveling this town,” Cas answers. “We have to go.”
“Yeah, good to see you, too, Cas,” Jody says, still talking in a dejected tone, grabbing mugs out of the cabinet. “You look good, you been working out? Of course you have, look at you. Yeah, I know, I look good, too. New haircut. Thanks.”
“Mm,” Cas mumbled against his neck.
But then he started doing live videos, and he stopped caring so much what Sam and Cas thought of him.
“What?” Dean exclaims. “You don’t remember your own life, Cas?”
The most obvious reason was of course that Cas was not human and could not possibly desire Dean the way Dean desired him. A more shameful reason was that it horrified Dean to think of being openly affectionate with a man—with
Sam comes in, yawning and announcing that Amara is asleep. He retrieves three beers from the kitchen and joins them at the table.
Cas gets right in his personal space and runs a finger across his belt buckle. “I’ve been waiting all year to show you off.”
Also, the part where Billie said the solution was simple but not easy was a concept I took from the podcast The Magnus Archives.
The second Cas’ perfect hands touched Dean’s skin, he closed his eyes and dropped his head back. Cas unwrapped the ACE bandage and checked his skin integrity, then he got a washcloth and some cream and gently washed and cleaned his foot, taking his time like it was precious. When he was done, he wrapped it back up and announced that the recovery was going well.
Dean stands up and jokingly tells Sam “good luck” before he heads to the kitchen for some more coffee. While he’s making a pot, he listens to the muffled voices through the walls and smiles.
Dean takes half a moment to glare at Rowena, but she shrugs innocently, so he rolls his eyes and storms out of the dungeon.
The sky goes dark. Dean keeps looking straight ahead at the road, trying to ignore the way trees and vines and flowers are still growing up around them as they drive. He feels the tension again, the tension of needing to say something but being unable.
“Maybe...I believe I did, but there are things more important than our feelings, Dean. We can’t—”
Rowena flips through the book, worrying her bottom lip between her teeth as she searches. Eventually she begins reading, even while Sam is still shouting that this is a bad idea, but it’s too late because Dean is being transported through different planes of existence until he’s standing in the quiet of the bunker’s kitchen.
Dean sets a plate in front of his mom then goes to the counter to clean while they keep talking.
“Uh,” Dean says, looking at Cas curiously through the rearview mirror. “How’d you know Amara was gone?”
They meet Rowena at a ramshackle abandoned farmhouse in the middle of nowhere. She stands out front with an equally small, skinny white woman next to her and gestures for them to park in a patch of grass.
“Nothing too bad. It’s just that, uh, we think this pack of werewolves may have abandoned their, uh, young.”
He could see perfectly in his mind’s eye Cas sleeping like a cute little angel in bed this morning. “Yeah.”
“No,” she says sweetly. “Just you.”
Sam shrugged. “Eileen, probably. She makes me feel like I have purpose or whatever. Something to look forward to in life.”
“What the hell’s that supposed to me–”
“Yeah,” Sam says sadly. “I’m having visions, and you’re seeing ghosts. We’re losing it.”
“Yeah, but I always tell myself I’m gonna stop,” Dean said before taking a long drink of his now calorie-rich coffee. “I’m three months out from Mykonos, I gotta get a fucking grip.” He pulled at the waistband of his scrub pants. “I swear these fit better, like, a week ago.”
Cas nods. “Dean.” He pauses the documentary. “I don’t want you to be in pain because of me. Please, let me heal you.”
“He called hunters that live nearby,” Cas replies. He grimaces as he slowly lowers himself into a kitchen chair. “They’re a married couple, Clint and Ida May Lerner.”
There’s a knock on his door, and Sam opens it without waiting for a response. His face is pinched in concern as he comes into the room, one arm holding a crying baby against his shoulder.
She makes a pitying face at him. “Castiel, I’ve been in heaven, I know what it’s like. You and Dean are not just friends.”
“Dean, what the hell? Who were you talking to?” he asks, somewhat panicked.
“What the fuck are you doing here?” Dean asks. “You know not to—don’t ever fucking touch me, Crowley.”
Dean:
By the time their food came, they were deep in discussion about books. They must’ve sounded like they were in a two-person book club for the entire meal. It wasn’t until they were walking back out to their cars together, Dean in the middle of a rant about Carl Sagan, that he realized this was the part of the evening where he should be seductively kissing his date against Baby and whispering in their ear, “Your place or mine?”
Dean ran the table, sunk every stripe, calling his pocket every time, then set his cue stick back up on the wall and said, “You can see through my shit, right, Benny? So you knew I was going soft on you every time we played.”
He disappears, taking the dead demons with him.
Was the big dick worth it? Yeah.
He passes by her to take the pump out of the back, doing his best not to look at her, either. “Are you working for Lucifer?”
“I missed you so much,” Dean whispers.
“Am I…missing something?” Cas asks.
“Finally,” Dean says against his skin. “I’ve been dying to touch you all day.”
Castiel knocked on his neighbor’s door and was relieved when the teenage daughter, Claire, answered.
“Me too, Dean.”
Cas pulled away to make eye contact with Dean. “I already won the game. Killing him is all that’s left to do.”
When Dean came out of the bathroom a couple minutes later, Cas was asleep, hand still holding his phone against his chest. Dean laughed and kissed Cas on the forehead before going out to the kitchen and starting a pot of coffee for him. Then he put a robe around himself and headed over to Sam and Eileen’s.
“Are you alright, Dean?” Cas asks seriously.
Dean startled and fumbled his phone, tapping it a few times before catching it against his chest. “Jesus, dude.”
“What?” he asked gruffly.
Dean brought Cas’ hand to his mouth and kissed his fingers. “Thank you.”
“Dean takes good care of himself,” Cas corrected.
“Uh, just that.” Dean sighs. “Crowley and I, uh, went through some stuff together when I was, you know, a demon, and I just—well, let’s just say he knows if he did anything to you then I would kill him.” It comes out all wrong, and Dean’s heart hammers in his chest at the thought of Cas misinterpreting what he said. Something teeters on the edge of the cliff again.
They all respond at once, but Dean turns on his heel and leaves, gun still in his hands. Weirdly, he feels calm. Everything seems clearer now. He knows who the enemy is, and he’s going to figure out a way to stop her.
They took Cas’ truck, which meant they listened to Cas’ music. He switched from Chance the Rapper to MNEK to Fiona Apple then back to Chance. “Who’s your favorite artist, Dean? Or favorite band?”
Sam and Eileen both tried to come into the room to see how he was doing, but Cas quietly pushed them out and whispered something to Sam.
“I’m not afraid of dying,” he says, looking her right in the eyes. “When it’s my time to go, it’s my time to go. I’m sick of this resurrection crap.” He nods resolutely. “I want it to be you. For me and for Sammy. Cas, too. You’re the only one I trust to actually keep us dead.”
“Sorry, sorry, I know,” Dean called from the bathroom, toothbrush in his mouth, only wearing boxer briefs.
In fact, it didn’t make sense for Cas to be here right now. He only ever hung around Sam and Dean when they were fighting something together. With no apocalypse and no Jack to take care of, why was Cas even here? Didn’t he have better things to do, more important things?
Dean lets the lie hang in the air for a bit. Wordlessly, he hands Amara off to Sam. As he leaves the kitchen, he says over his shoulder, “I’m gonna clean the library.”
At the warm press of Cas’ familiar fingertips to his forehead, Dean slips his eyes shut and relaxes his entire body, then he falls asleep before Cas has a chance to tell him anything.
“Goodbye, Dean.” Cas stepped away from him. “I need some time.”
“What?” Dean asked.
She frowns down at the bills in her hands, but she doesn’t say anything else. As she makes her way toward the garage, she pats his cheek.
Dean shifted his hips. “Not right now. Um, did you get my texts?”
Dean loses his temper. “Shut up, Dad! Just shut up.”
And out in front of the bunker, lining the street, are dozens of people with the same eerie manner of the woman from the shopping center parking lot—the first woman to die from the infection. They come forward in unison, as if being pulled, and Dean stands rooted to his spot, unable to move. As they get closer, he sees that they have the same milky eyes as Caroline Anders.
“You have a
“Hey. You doing OK?” Sam asks, stopping at the threshold.
“You’re gonna freak out and fast for a week before Mykonos, aren’t you?” Eileen asked.
“He’s not the worst patient I’ve had,” Castiel replied.
By afternoon of the following day, Dean changed his mind. Sam and Cas were both busy with their own things, so Dean closed his door and turned some music up loud and recorded himself.
“Dean?” Cas asked, bringing Dean back to the present.
Renee stood up straight with a gasp and pulled her phone closer to her face as a hand appeared on the screen.
They drink their coffee in silence.
Crowley rolls his eyes and groans. “Oh, blah, blah, blah, your unresolved feelings for the angel are going to get us all killed. Do you want to do this or not?”
Sam sighs. “Dean. You know she’s not—”
After they close the door, they hear things banging against the walls. More gravel falls in the hallway, small cracks appear in the concrete.
“I just met him, like, two weeks ago! I mean, yeah, maybe I have stronger feelings for him than I usually have for people, but that’s stupid.” Dean threw his hands up in the air. “A guy, what? Asks me poignant questions during movies and recommends good books to me, and suddenly I’m in love? Are you fucking kidding me?”
“Your favorite witch,” Rowena says jokingly, but there’s an edge to her tone. A nervousness. “Listen, dearie, I can call Lucifer here. I’m willing to use the Book of the Damned to help him destroy the girl.”
“Alright, well, get some holy oil ready because we’re gonna have to—”
Cas had been there. Chuck had said Cas wasn’t going anywhere.
As Dean made his way around the coffee table to organize the coasters, Cas snatched him by the hips and pulled him backward down onto his lap and buried his face in Dean’s neck.
would you still fuck me?”
You staying up all night?” Dean asks as he gets up from the table and nearly loses his balance.
“I looked
“Yeah. OK, thanks, Sammy. I’ll talk to you later.”
Cas lifted his head off Dean’s chest and hovered over him. “Because I know you.”
Cas pressed a kiss to his sternum. “What was the woman’s name?”
She nods. “I think so, yeah. Just something simple that I can take lead on, you know?”
“Because I never told anybody. Listen to me, Chuck said Cas didn’t do what he was supposed to do. He wasn’t supposed to fall in love with you—us. He changed things when he told you. So you can change things, too. Go back to your time and fucking tell somebody. Is Jack still around? For fuck’s sake, tell Jack.”
They both look up at him with wide eyes. Dean holds a little wooden letter in his hand and responds, “What does it
“Every once in a what?”
“I guess,” Dean mumbles.
Hannah did not look away from the TV. “She/they.”
“What? How?”
“Really?” Dean asks him blandly, setting the bags of food on the table.
“Dean, I…”
“Longing?” Cas asks.
At the hospital, they meet one patient after another, an overwhelming number of people who were in immense pain or near death and suddenly recovered in the blink of an eye. The nursing staff tells Dean and Cas that they thought it was a bad omen at first, that everyone was simultaneously feeling the last bit of health that the body musters before death, but then all the patients stayed healthy and are now headed home. While they’re interviewing a young boy magically recovered from cystic fibrosis, Cas excuses himself from the room and doesn’t come back.
“What was the intel, Cas?” Sam says, unbothered.
“When he was a demon, I wanted to. God, I wanted to.” Crowley shakes his head. “Mother calls it Dean Winchester derangement syndrome.”
“Dean,” Cas says gently. “How do you feel?”
down at his phone.
Months turned into a year. They were watching a movie together one night after Sam had gone to bed. Dean had his arm comfortably slung over the back of the couch, his fingertips within reach of Cas’ shoulder. Cas sat slightly leaned forward, a small smile on his face, engrossed with the plot.
She falls into them, turning her head to press it firmly against his shoulder while she hugs him. He rubs her back and squeezes her, then he scoops her up and holds her in a tight embrace.
It’s an accident.
“Hey, Jody. Been too long,” Dean answers, putting her on speaker.
So maybe talking about this will make Dean remember, and maybe he’ll finally say the words Sam knows he’s wanted to say for a long time. It’s not exactly how Sam
Dean nods and runs his tongue along the inside of his teeth. He clears his throat again. “Well, uh, right now I need you to leave so I can shower.”
“I don’t know yet. Just be ready when I call again.” Dean hangs up without waiting for a response.
“No, I don’t think I can. I’m starting to feel better, I think.”
Babe xoxo:
“Sounds like a practical joke to me, but I’m happy to help the Winchesters get themselves killed.” His eyes briefly flicker over to Dean before he turns and walks toward a solid wall.
Dean moaned and thrust for the camera, but in his head he was living another fantasy. He imagined telling his fans about Cas.
“Vince Vincente is riding with the devil,” Crowley says, holding up a keycard between his index and middle fingers. “I suggest we go check out his room.”
Literally years ago.
He was devastated when he had to give up his coat, and the new one has never really had the same appeal.
“Jesus,” Hannah exclaimed, which for her meant that she raised her voice the smallest amount. “Why did he just do that to you?”
Dean is so confused.
“You must not know a lot of bisexuals,” Pati said.
“Yeah. Uh, I don’t think Amara’s messing with me anymore though. I don’t know, I feel—everything feels a little clearer now. I don’t know how else to describe it.”
Cas looked at Dean, that permanent sad expression plastered on his face, and asked how the Mark of Cain was feeling.
Dean stared at the wall for several minutes.
“I felt that I…” Cas starts. It takes him so long to continue that Dean chances a look at him, but Cas is staring down at the table. “Even under the spell, I felt that I couldn’t kill you. I could’ve killed that woman, and likely would have, had you not shown up. But I don’t think I could’ve killed you.” He blinks, and his eyes are on Dean again.
Cas’ eyebrows pinch together, then he robotically leaves the room without saying anything else.
In hindsight, they should’ve posed as something more common in nursing homes. Like chaplains.
“So, how’d you two meet?”
Dean doesn’t believe him, but he doesn’t really care right now. He’s so damn happy to see the stupid angel.
“Amara’s fucking with us,” Dean says, staring at the floor. “I don’t have any idea what’s real anymore.”
“Dean!”
“Jesus, sweetheart, why’d you take this?” he asks out loud to no one, flipping the tape over in his hand and then pocketing it.
“Vodka soda, and another IPA for Benny, please. Thank you, sweetheart,” Dean said, putting his card up on the bar.
“Holy shit, I fought a shark today,” he says quietly to himself while packing up his gear.
For him, it feels like he’s back in a dream. He has that same surreal calm in his chest, and he reasons that were he to close his eyes he would be lying in a bed with Cas, feeling like it’s as real as anything.
“What’s with the book?”
“I’m glad I’m here, too, Dean.”
oatmeal surrounded by shards of broken glass.
Castiel:
“Cas.” He winced after he said it, like he was a schoolgirl divulging her crush to her friend on the playground. “I don’t get like this, Millie. I don’t know what it is about him.”
“How are you gonna—why would you—isn’t it, like, super expensive to adopt?”
“You didn’t tell him what happened last night?” Cas asks as he pockets his phone.
Castiel:
“Roommate? Dude, how old are you?”
During a run-of-the-mill ghost hunt in Spokane, Dean sprained his ankle and bruised his ribs. Sam hurt his back and broke two fingers on his right hand.
Dean grips the steering wheel tighter. Amara finally stops crying.
“What?”
“I’m sorry, am I missing something?” Castiel gestured to the business card. “Is this a normal thing people are handing out now?"
“Honey, what’s wrong? You look lovesick,” she said, running a gentle hand down his arm.
“No, I’m Castiel.”
Cas drops his head and laughs lightly. Dean knocks back the rest of his drink and immediately feels it coming back up. He folds over himself, head between his knees, and tries to breathe through the waves of nausea. His eyes closed, he sees an image of Amara again, but she’s older this time, elementary-school aged. She laughs and smiles, and as her smile widens her lips stretch grotesquely across her cheeks and split her skin apart all the way to her ears until her jaw drops down, away from the upper half of her mutilated face.
Dean goes to pick up the food, and when he gets back everyone is crammed around the library table and Sam’s nails are a deep burgundy.
“I’m not a demon,” she says. She steps to the side right as a chunk of the ceiling falls to the floor exactly where she had been standing. “Name’s Billie.”
“How about right…here?”
“Thank you,” Dean whispered when Cas was done.
The hug is interrupted by a splash of water.
There were too many vampires, and many of them scattered when they realized what was going on. The fight lasted until well into the morning, and nobody was more injured than Dean.
“Oh, don’t play dumb with me,” Crowley says derisively. “I had to ditch my usual meat suit because my dear mother sicced a rabid Castiel on me. So, as I was saying, do you have him on a leash yet?”
Cas nudged his side, nonverbally admonishing him for being nosy.
“You know what, forget it. I’m going home. Sorry.”
“Yeah, sure.”
They keep yelling back and forth at each other uselessly, but Dean gets so mad that he punches the wall and splits his knuckles open. He feels like he’s about to hyperventilate, and he won’t do that in front of Sam, so he throws the door open to Cas’ room and locks himself inside.
After a pause, Jody asks, “How did you live so many years of your life unaware of how horny you are for him?”
Sam doesn’t answer, but something crashes and then pops loudly from his room, so Dean instinctively pulls the gun from his waistband and nearly breaks down the door to reveal his little brother, face twisted in grim determination and pain, sitting on the floor with his back against the wall and a bright orange flame licking up his neck, unnatural veins in his skin burning like ashes in a fire.
It was 5 p.m., and Dean’s phone was ringing.
In the morning, Dean thinks he’s going to wake up alone in bed and be left wondering for the rest of his life if he was dreaming. But instead, he wakes up lying on his stomach with one arm flung over Cas’ chest.
“Macaroni and feta,” Mary says.
“Gee, Cas, that means a lot to me. Thanks for all your help.” Dean gives him an insincere grin and tries to walk away again.
“Yeah. Yeah, sorry.” Dean blinked and looked down at his coffee. “Yeah, congrats. Of course I want you to have kids. I’m just—it’s unexpected, is all.”
Two hours later, Sam passes by Cas’ room and hears a
Dean laughed and rocked his hips up. “Yeah, and the main thing I want to do with it is get laid, so. No nerd shit.”
“Nah, I’ll take you next year.” Dean blindly reached up a hand and found Cas’, tangling their fingers together and pulling his hand toward his mouth to kiss his knuckles.
“Now, you know I’m not answering that.” She tilts her head down, giving him a serious glare, and then disappears.
The relief was immediate. The feel of Cas’ grace pressing lightly into his skin and knitting him back together piece by piece was unlike any other pleasure imaginable. It sent a rush of warmth through Dean’s body every time, and he had to close his eyes and relax to stop himself from crying.
“Sam,” Dean chastises.
“Hey, Cas,” he answers.
They got a booth, and Cas insisted on sitting on the same bench with Dean so he could keep touching him throughout the meal. Dean enjoyed the excessive attention and decided to use it to his advantage.
One of them stammered out an answer, but the other was looking at Dean like
Dean is drifting off, Amara a solid weight against his chest, when his phone rings.
It’s after midnight before Dean forgets his pride and heads to the kitchen for some coffee. Or whiskey. Whatever.
brought that noise out of Cas.
He was too horny for patience, so it stung a bit when he pushed the dildo in. He told the camera this, laughing as he adjusted himself and filled himself up.
Dean immediately removes his army jacket and rolls up the sleeves of his open flannel to his elbows. He pulls the simple chain he sometimes wears under the collar of his t-shirt out so it rests visibly against his chest, shiny silver against black.
The tension got so thick that neither of them could sleep at night, tangling and turning and trying their damnedest to get as close to each other as humanly possible without actually
Cas’ hands are on Dean’s back, then wrapped around his shoulders, fingers squeezing his biceps, weight of his chest pressed to Dean’s side as he speaks in a low tone in his ear.
She laughs and throws her phone at him, which he catches against his chest. “Put your number in there.”
“Damn, I just cannot get over how good your hair looks like that,” he said, eyes on Dean’s hair as he came inside. “Why’re you home? Finally get fired from your job?”
“Amara? You in there?” he asks.
Rowena gets away. They aren’t any closer to getting the Book of the Damned back.
Her husband walked in with his arms loaded down with bags and said, “Hey, babe, I just—Dean?”
Dean wipes a tear from his face. “Well, from where I sit, it feels like you left us and you’re trying to justify it.”
Cas nods minutely.
Castiel set mugs on the table and leaned down to give Dean a slow, sweet kiss. He loved kissing Dean, and touching Dean, more than he had ever loved kissing and touching anybody else.
Cas turns slowly and greets Dean with an oddly friendly smile. “Couldn’t sleep?”
Cas laughed affectionately and kissed Dean’s forehead, then they walked back over to the crowd to help Sam and Eileen.
“Just get them out safely, their cats too,” Dean replies. “Take them back to the bunker. We got room. We’ll figure it out.”
Wednesday
Cas moves Raven up to his shoulder, spreading his long, thin fingers over her back to keep her in place with just one hand. With his other hand, he pulls out a barstool at the island and takes a seat. His tank top gets stuck between his underbelly and his lap, and Dean watches, transfixed, as Cas demurely lifts his butt off the chair and flicks his free hand against his shirt to unstick it.
“What?”
“How do you know that, how long have you ladies been in here?” Dean pressed.
And suddenly, Cas was pulling out of him and coming between his thighs, his hips jerking against Dean as he moaned. Dean stroked himself and relished the feel of Cas' come spilling down his skin, claiming him.
“Why didn’t you—” Dean’s voice breaks. He takes in a breath and continues, “Why didn’t you heal Cas before you left?”
Sam says nothing when Dean gets into the passenger seat.
Pati clung to Dean in her sleep, spooning him with one arm around his middle and one leg thrown over his hip. He had no idea how she managed to maintain that position all night, but he had learned how to expertly extricate himself so as not to wake her up. Her shop opened a lot later than Dean got to work, and he was usually out the door before she was out of bed. They both thought it was funny that he basically sneaked out of his own house on Tuesday mornings.
Dean looks at her until she stops. In a bored tone, he asks, “You done?”
Dean grabs deodorant and pushes Cas’ arm up so he can apply it for him. “We got plenty of kids, honey.” He does the other arm. “And we’re old. I don’t need us to be the sole provider of a child for the next 18 years.” He picks up the denim shirt and helps Cas put it on.
Charlie looks at both of them with a pained expression. “I’m sorry! Dean, you said—you were acting like a witch might be able to help, and Rowena is the only witch I know, and I’m really worried about Cas, and I’m really scared, and you really freaked me out, Dean, and I just…” She breaks down into quiet sobs, tears streaming down her face before she covers it with her hands.
Dean’s brain short-circuits. He can’t fucking say that to Cas. Can he?
The guy didn’t show his face, but every so often his chin and lips would come into frame, and Renee desperately wanted to see the rest of him. His body was lean and a little stretch-marked like he was trying to stop the passage of time by maintaining the same weight he was in his teens. It was something Renee understood after a lifetime of trying to feel comfortable in her own skin only to realize it was all bullshit during chemo.
Sam rolls his eyes. “I am a little bit worried about her, you know. I think she’s been withdrawn. Shaky? You know what I mean?”
“...Turned into a father, you’ll see when you meet her,” Cas whispers.
Winchester Welding, how may I help you? Uh, let me look at my list. Is this Mr. Novak? Yeah, I recognized your voice. Let’s see, we have…Dean, Ash, Jo and Charlie on today. I don’t know who will be available at 3. Yeah, no, that’s OK. You sure you don’t – oh, OK. Alright. Bye, Mr. Novak.
After a couple of minutes, a beam of white light appears near the door and fades out to reveal—
“What?”
“I don’t think that would be appropriate with your mother.”
“One day you’re gonna have to explain to me what exactly you did to get Crowley on such a short leash.”
because Castiel had never seen it before and Dean insisted that it was the linchpin of Meryl Streep’s career and “trust me, I’ve seen all of her movies, Cas.”
“Because I need the Winchesters’ help, of course,” she replies.
Their day is weirdly easy.
Dean jumps and grabs the hand that’s shaking his shoulder, but it’s just Cas. He lets go and puts his arms around Amara, who is curled up and sound asleep in his lap. It’s dark in the room, the TV off. And there are two demons in skinny female bodies standing at the end of the bed.
After work, Dean went to the gym and tried to read the space trilogy while running on the treadmill. It was way too big of a book and impossible to steady correctly, so he switched over to the stationary bike and ignored the men around him. There were a few guys at the gym that would spot Dean or randomly compliment him, hit on him, but today they were laughing in confusion at the big book in his hands.
“So, will you ask him or not?”
Sam says, “This isn’t going to work. She’s not
“Hello, darling,” Crowley says loudly in the background as Cas says into the phone, “We’re following a lead on Lucifer.”
Sam and Dean look at each other.
Cassie swirled her tongue around his nipple then dropped butterfly kisses in a line down his rib cage, over his tattoos. “Must be good if you’re ignoring me for him.”
Mildred rolls her eyes and doesn’t join them at the table. “Stop babying me. You’re making me feel old.”
“Just answer the question, Sam,” Dean snaps.
“She changed you.”
Cas squints at him. “I don’t think they’re that old, but they
Dean is tempted to deflect, to blow her off, but instead he closes his eyes and reaches up blindly for her hand. She finds his first and they squeeze their fingers together. He falls asleep.
Dean grabbed Castiel by the hand to keep him outside. He pulled him close and said, “You OK?”
“You look good, Bela.” Dean looked her up and down.
Dean wrapped his free arm around Cas and linked his hands together around Cas’ back, squeezing him tighter to him. “I’ve never really told anybody about that.”
While Amara eats a pancake, Dean feels his stomach turn. He can’t make it farther than the kitchen sink before puking, and Amara spends the next few minutes asking, “Hurt? Dean hurt?”
“You what?” Dean asks.
“So you’re banging him?”
Dean stares at a spot on the wall where a chunk of concrete is missing. “Why are you telling me this?”
“He practically lives here anyway,” Dean said. “And he rents his apartment, so—”
Cas didn’t blame her at all.
“I hate you! I hate you! I fucking hate you!” Amara screams incoherently as Sam and Dean leave the room.
“Dean, what Amara did—”
“Good. That’s good.”
“Can you put her to sleep or something?” Dean shouts over Amara’s continued
“Mm, yeah.” He leans forward and presses a kiss to Dean’s mouth. “Now be honest with me, does this shirt make me look fat?”
Dean pushes his hand away. “No, no, no. It’s fine, Cas. I had it coming.”
“We don’t have anything stronger.”
“You didn’t go to Cassie’s last night?”
“Cas,” Dean says softly. He waits until Cas looks at him. “I was scared to death when I saw that…what that spear did to you. I can’t lose you, man. So, uh, tell me. Whatever’s on your mind, spit it out.” It’s too harsh, too casual, but anything else wouldn’t be
In the time it takes Cas to refill their coffee mugs, Dean’s phone rings.
Mary smiles at him, even though she still looks kind of confused. “It’s going to take me some time to catch up, but I’m going to do my best to live here in the present. Well, except for some movies. I never saw the last
“Hey, how ‘bout you do some research when we get home, see if you can find anything about the Mark of Cain or ghost sickness or anything that might explain why I can’t stop ralphing? That’ll make you feel like you’re doing something about it, yeah?”
Sam lets that hang in the air for a long time. Then, “When the time comes, I guess it’ll be up to me.”
On their way out, Dean asks his mom if she wants to caravan with them so she doesn’t have to drive the whole way back to the bunker alone.
“Oh! OK,” Dean says with a surprised laugh as Cas yanks him down and kisses his lips. “Alright, alright, I get it,” Dean protests weakly between kisses. “We’re not fighting anymore.”
After a month, Sam cornered him in the garage when he was cleaning the Impala.
“Babe, go get Sammy, would you?”
After a few days, Dean tried to be normal. He started with touch. He knew how to touch Cas, because they had always known touch, had always used touch to communicate with one another. Still, he had to relearn.
Something shifts in Cas’ demeanor, and Dean knows before it happens, and he’s able to catch Cas in his arms the second he lets the woman go. She runs off as Dean slumps to the floor, holding Cas.
Cas and Dean stare at each other until Dean breaks eye contact to finish putting mayonnaise on his mom’s sandwich.
When he got to work, Dean went to his usual spot with his laptop open across from Charlie and said, “Where should I take Cas for dinner tonight? I can make reservations online, right?”
“Yeah,” Dean answered distractedly.
Dean’s face turned as pink as the letters on his shirt. “I promise I like it. I’m not, like, being abused or whatever.”
“We aren’t doing anything!” Sam blurts, and what the hell? Why the fuck.
Rufus raised his eyebrows and frowned. “I think you’re a dumbass, is what I think.”
“What?”
From the library, a woman shouts Dean’s name. It only takes half a second this time for Dean to remember that it’s Cas. He runs out of the kitchen, deciding not to worry about his dad’s presence.
It’s an accident that he sees it.
“I’m making pancakes,” Castiel said.
Cas pulled away after a second, rolled his eyes and tugged Dean by the hand toward the host stand.
Cas blinked several times in quick succession, his shoulders moving up and down with deep breaths. After what felt like an eternity, he turned his whole body on the couch and grabbed Dean around the back of his neck, yanking him forward and kissing him wholly, reverently.
liked eating.
Dean took a deep breath, unable to stop. “It’s like you’re holding up a mirror and telling me to look at myself and to like what I see, and I can’t—that’s really fucking hard, Cas, but you make it seem like it could be easy.”
He was getting old, and he didn’t hook up like he used to. He actually couldn’t remember the last time he had had sex.
“Yeah. Yeah, of course. Sorry.” Dean tucked his phone against his ear and dug through his closet for some clothes. “I can meet you at the bar in an hour.” He shucked his unused gym clothes off, folding them back onto their shelf.
“Well, like a crawlspace,” a man said. “I don’t know, man, we like horror. Well, we
Sam looks up quickly from his computer, a shocked and amused expression on his face. “A cassette? He gave you a
Once he was cleaned and dressed, he checked his account to sort through comments and to make sure he didn’t do anything stupid in the live video like accidentally show his face. As he scrolled, he found that almost every comment said the same thing:
“You know Cas and I are–we’re–we have a, uh–I should’ve said–mentioned–”
“So, is he? Helping?”
“To being buried beneath the earth and thinking it’s fine?” Dean asks.
Cas texts Dean back.
“Where are we going, Sam?” Dean yells. He stumbles as one of the people grabs him by the shoulder; it burns.
“Wait, hold on, I didn’t say
Mildred snorted a laugh.
“Yeah, well, it didn't stop him. He kept trying. He actually almost got me a couple of times when I was so drunk I couldn’t see straight. But I always figured it out, and I always laughed at him. Or hurt him. Or both. I never, um…” Dean looks off in the distance. “I never knew where he got the girls’ bodies. Whether they were humans or demons or dead in there, I don’t know. Never crossed my mind.”
“It’s nothing.” Sam very slowly pours himself a cup of coffee. “OK, it’s not nothing.” He takes a drink. “We don’t have warding against reapers I guess.”
Cas shakes his head. “Lucifer is my problem. It’s my fault he’s here, so I’m going out on my own.”
Crowley smokes quite often, which is something that Castiel didn’t know until he started spending every minute of every day with him.
Dean pouts at her. “You’re doing that on purpose. You could’ve picked anything to be your first words, anything in the world.”
Cas woke with a jump. “What—where—”
“Oh.” Cas was still fixated on the tattoos.
It doesn’t take long to find him. He barely even looks like Cas, blood pouring from his eyes, drool covering his chin, shoulders hunched as he holds a screaming woman by the throat.
*****
“I’ve gotta go, Claire,” Cas says, his voice as deep and gravelly as ever. “Tell Kaia I said hello. Yes. OK, bye.”
“Yes, your ridiculous
“Hmm. Were you drinking?”
She acquiesced, but only because Dean handed her a glass of wine, and she insisted on pretentiously holding it with two hands.
“Knew it,” Dean muttered smugly. His gaydar was shit, but his theydar was usually spot on.
“Dean. I’m not going to hurt her,” Cas says, reading his mind. Or maybe they were having a silent conversation and Dean didn’t realize it; that happens sometimes. “I want to—I need to be here. She is the most powerful being we’ve encountered in all of our time together.”
“What?” Dean responds impatiently. He turns back toward the library in a huff.
Sam and Dean share a look. Sam says, “I thought your angel wiring would fight it off, or slow it down at least.”
“All the stuff in your house–”
Dean blinks and looks down at his food. It didn’t even cross his mind to ask what happened to Paula.
Dean kissed his nose. “Yeah, well, I’ve been running on whiskey and adrenaline for too many years, and now I’m tired.”
Sam says, “You can’t just make Crowley do whatever you want.”
“Oh.” There’s a rustling sound, like Cas is moving the phone. “Well, um. Goodbye, Dean.”
“Yeah, well.” Sam sighs and runs a hand through his hair. “I didn’t, and I’m better now, and we can help other people, so it’s really not a big deal.”
Then he just lay there, breathing heavily and running his fingers up and down his stomach, smearing come in a way he would never do without an audience. This was unlike anything he did as a kid; this wasn’t survival or scraping pennies together to avoid his dad’s wrath. This was fun. This was guilt-free release after years of pent up sexual frustration.
Other Dean made a face at him, but then his eyebrows raised in realization. “Right, we read that a couple years ago. Man, I forgot about that. Yeah. Like, why would I try to bring Cas back if I’m sitting here with you now, and you’re telling me Cas never came back? So what’s the point of me trying to bring him back if I already know he’s not here in 2022?”
So Dean closes his eyes and kisses him, slowly, until he falls asleep.
“I’ll do what I can to help, Dean, but you may need something more powerful. However, I, um, don’t know if I trust Amara to help you.”
sleep with Dean. All prim and proper with your separate sides of the bed, a kilometer between you. What I want is more carnal.”
Amara reaches up to her own shoulder and points with her index finger, tapping on the spot where her Mark of Cain is.
his tapes, man. That’s…a really big deal that he gave you one.”
“It would be nice if you had some pictures in here,” Cas said, his back to Dean.
Amara says, “He be OK, Dean. You and me go outside.”
He waited for two minutes after knocking before Dean swung the door open, Chipotle cup in his hand and mouth full of food.
“Is that why you took a couple of days off work a while back?” Bobby asks. “Could hardly hold down the fort without you.”
Dean called Cas.
Jesse put a hand on his thigh and rubbed it reassuringly. “We’re working through some personal issues, things that have nothing to do with you, but we don’t want to use you.”
“Yeah, you know how he is.”
“Hello.”
It’s difficult at first, keeping her a secret from Dean. Also, taking care of her when they go on hunts and stuff. It’s nice when Kevin moves in and jumps right on board with taking care of her while not saying a word about it to Dean.
Cas finally looks at him. “I’m sorry, Dean, but Crowley and I can move faster. We don’t know where Lucifer is going, so I think it would be most helpful if you and Sam were at the bunker.”
Cas looks up at him and furrows his brow. “Yes, probably. Goodnight, Dean.”
“Uh, Charlie,” Sam starts, counting off on his fingers. “Jesse and Cesar, the married couple. Clint is transgender, but that’s different than sexuality, so I’m pretty sure he and Ida May are straight. Let’s see, there’s some people you haven’t met yet...and, uh, Cas is...Well, Cas is just Cas. I never really thought about his sexuality, I always just assumed he’s…”
“Hmm?”
When they get back to the bunker, Dean is surprised to see Mom head toward the room they’d assigned to her all those months ago. He assumed she’d leave as soon as they were safely back underground. He’s still staring down the hallway after her when he hears Cas sigh.
Dean closed his eyes. “Uh.”
Except when she crawls under things. The only place she can roam freely in is Sam’s room (she’s really too small to be let loose in the whole bunker), and six days of the week Sam finds himself on his hands and knees crawling around like an idiot, banging his head on his nightstand and knocking things over in an attempt to find the little terror. Dean found him with half his body under his bed once, and Sam had to lie and say he keeps a box of important research under there. Somehow Dean believed him.
Jody, claiming that she’s too old to raise a baby on her own, brings Raven over to Dean and Cas’ for at least one week per month.
“Do you feel like you’re old?”
you to give me some time,” Dean chastises, but he tries to keep a gentleness to his tone, a grace and forgiveness that his own father never gave him. “I told you that you didn’t know everything and that you hadn’t finished...I don’t know, you hadn’t finished developing yet. Why didn’t you listen to me?”
“I, uh, never really felt hungry when I had the Mark,” Dean says honestly. “And alcohol—I mean, I may as well have been drinking water.”
Cas sighed. “Tell me how you actually feel about your car.”
Sam stands and scoops T-Rex up. “Yeah. I’ve known for a while. You keep fucking Cas, I get to keep my dog. Deal? Deal. Glad we worked that out.”
Sam makes a surprised noise. “If you wanna tell me, then yeah.”
“Hm,” Bobby grunted. “Fine.” He turned his wheelchair toward Dean and said, “He passed.”
Dean grabbed a pool cue off the wall and chalked it. “My ass?”
“Hey, Cas,” he said.
“What?”
Jesse and Cesar sit in the backseat of the Impala and bicker relentlessly while Cas tries to catch them up on the situation. Dean calls Charlie then Crowley, letting them both know to be ready when the time comes.
“Yeah, OK. Sorry,” Dean says. “I, uh. I did ask Cas, actually. Not helpful.”
“Oh! Hot chicks who lure horny sailors to their deaths!”
He’s having a meeting with several of his students’ parents during the last week of school when suddenly he loses all of their attention (moms
Castiel didn’t respond, and Dean did
“I’m sorry.” Cas pulls back, a pained expression on his borrowed face. “I’m sorry you have to do this. I’m sorry we couldn’t...raise her better.”
“It comes and goes,” Sam responds.
“We started
just because there aren’t enough trees around here. For fuck’s sake, Amara, of course the world is dying. It’s not some perfect fucking paradise, bad things happen all the time in every conceivable way, so what? What? You think you can grow a bunch of trees and bury everyone in the earth and then everything will be perfect? What the hell did you find in those woods?”
“Dean.”
Dean lies back down and mutters, “Nerd,” under his breath.
He came with a shout.
“I know,” he says, looking at the baby.
So Dean just walks away and heads for the liquor cabinet.
The road narrows to a single point ahead of him, the trees on either side growing thick and beautiful, the sun shining brightly.
But Dean was lying naked, and he had Cas here, in his arms, in his bed, agreeing to stay with him forever.
At night is the best though. Sometimes he’ll stay up late doing research on his laptop and she’ll plop herself right down on his keyboard until he moves her to his thigh and gives her belly rubs. He’s learned how to type with one hand.
Cas moved his head back so he could squint at Dean. “You’re in the best shape of your life.”
“Thank you, sweetheart,” he said as he picked up his schedule from the desk. He looked at the names and continued, “Oh Christ, Bobby is back on. That old man just refuses to die.”
He came suddenly, unexpectedly, and made an embarrassing noise that he hoped Cas didn’t hear. He lay back on the bed and breathed heavily, looking over at the screen to watch the rise and fall of his chest and stomach. He looked good.
Cas winks at him.
“I should’ve never introduced you two,” he says by way of greeting.
“Have you told him how you feel?”
“What the hell?” Dean yells, storming over to the door to try to figure out where they went. “What the fuck!”
Every time they interact, Cas is either impatient or overly tactile, but everybody else seems to be acting totally normal around Cas so Dean decides it must be a him problem and not a Cas problem.
“Yeah, I think I do.” Dean keeps looking out at the birds, distracted.
“Dean,” Sam chastises.
“Yeah, and?” Dean shrugs at Cas, who is staring back at him like he’s trying to figure out who he is and what he did with Dean.
“Yes, I think so,” Cas replies. “Still, I’d like to get my body back at some point.”
Dean worried his lip between his teeth. After a beat of silence, he said, “Do you feel weird? I mean, we haven’t had anything—we haven’t had any kind of apocalypse-level job to do in, like, a year.”
“What are you doing?”
though. I was using him as much as he was using me. You, on the other hand. You’re in love with the man, and he only sees you as Wednesday.” She laughed loudly. “You stupid, pathetic idiot.”
A beat passes before she says, “I’m glad you’re not in it alone, at least.”
“You found someone for Thursday?”
“Sam. The visions he was having of the Cage made me curious, so I contacted Rowena and snuck in without Crowley knowing.”
On Sunday morning, Dean skipped his run with Sam and went to the nail salon with Eileen instead.
He sleeps through the night and actually feels well-rested in the morning. When he wakes, it’s to the sound of whispers from the end of his bed. He groggily shifts and is about to make his presence known when he realizes Cas and Charlie are talking about him, so he stays still and listens.
However, he doesn’t believe he’s ever been human.
As soon as his nails were dry, Dean texted Cas.
Dean nearly crashes the car. As he calms down, he looks over to the passenger seat to find Billie staring straight ahead through the windshield.
“Right. Yeah.” Dean is impatient to know what she means, but he bites his tongue. “I’m gonna go, uh, hide in a corner and avoid getting hit on again.”
“Be safe,” Dean whispered to Cas with a squeeze to his hip before turning to the crowd and telling them to follow him.
Just as Dean suspected, Amara falls back asleep immediately after he burps her. Sam tries to offer to take her again, but Dean hugs her to his chest and walks back to his own room with her. It’s been a long time since he’s held a child, since he’s cradled something so small and innocent in his hands and felt the assurance of duty, of knowing that all he has to do is take care of her, his only purpose keeping her alive. He’s spent the past year feeling so tense, on edge, holding rage in every line of his body, that now he craves how easy and simple it is to be gentle and careful. Unburdened by the need to kill, he cherishes the need to nest.
“Dean, what do you—”
“Mm. You?”
It’s about 3 p.m. now, and he’s been hiding in the garage for the past three or four hours. If he stays in the bunker, Sam…hovers. Asks him how he’s doing, if he’s eaten anything today, if he’s found any new information or a case to work. So he prefers the garage.
“Yeah, and?”
It was all in Dean’s head, of course. Cas just smiled like that, and Dean believed he was special only because he was stupid and had unrequited feelings for his best friend.
Something catches his eye as he turns to leave. It’s a battered cardboard box, small and unassuming, sticking out from underneath the bed. Dean sighs as he squats down to get it, and then he sits on the floor with his back against the bed because it’s easier on his knees than trying to stand back up right away.
“Cas,” Dean chastised. “Hey, Benny, wanna play some pool? For old times’ sake?”
Dean barely had time to shower and get dressed before Charlie and her girlfriend Stevie arrived. They helped chop vegetables and peel potatoes.
While picking out an outfit from Bobby’s illustrious collection of worn flannel and army surplus jeans, Dean’s watch pinged with a text. He instinctively looked at it then looked quickly away, but when he realized the name he stopped everything and pulled his phone out of his pocket.
“Jody, I would love a cup of tea,” Cas says, ignoring Dean. “Thank you.”
It wasn’t until they were at a fucking Bob Evans for breakfast and Dean ordered for Cas – his arm slung over the back of the booth and Cas tucked into his side - he
“I knew Asa,” Mary explains. “I helped him out when he was a kid. I’m sorry, I should’ve told you I was coming.”
“How do you feel about the city of Los Angeles?” Cas says stoically.
On Saturdays he usually left Cassie’s in the early morning and did a 10-mile run on a trail at the park before going to the gym. Only about once every couple of months he had to work a Saturday.
Cas looked up from his book and frowned at Dean. “I’ve never had one of those. Are we supposed to do something?”
“Yeah, uh. Maybe next time you can join us.”
“Yeah, that’s going to be weird,” Mary admits. She makes a dramatic wincing face. “Actually, um, I was talking to Cas about...Well, you know I haven’t been around since the early ‘80s, like, you know that.”
Dean knew he should say no, but he hadn’t had anything to eat since the Thai food, and that was hours ago. So he said sure.
Dean feels like he’s banging his head against a wall as he drives back to the bunker alone. A litany of
“Mm,” Cas grunts without opening his eyes.
“Uh,” her husband said, staring at Dean.
Dean looked up at him, his eyes big and eager. “Yeah?”
“Ugh, I don’t care.” He fell back over against the sheets.
“Do you and Eileen just spy on me all day? You don’t have better things to do?”
“Make what easy?”
“Hello to you, too.”
“No, no, it’s fine! It’s fine. I got it.” He sets Penelope on the floor and then kneels down next to her. She licks his face as he says in a baby voice, “You hate those assholes as much as I do, don’t you, sweetheart? Don’t you? C’mon, let’s go out.”
As soon as Dean is calm enough to leg go of the welding torch trigger, he unhooks his harness and swims as fast as he can up to the surface.
Dean smiles to let Lucifer know that he can’t be tricked. Not now.
“You’re here,” Amara says knowingly.
Mildred scoffed at him, shaking her head judgmentally. “It may be good if all you care about is sex, but—”
“I don’t have the will of heaven to serve anymore,” Cas continued, holding his arms out in emphasis. “I’ve met God, and he sucked. Without Jack, I’m sure I would feel…lost.”
“No, no, it’s fine, Dean,” Cas reassured. “You’re not my boyfriend. I have no claim over you.” He sighed. “Although, it looks like someone else is definitely trying to lay claim.”
Dean took his last bite and crumpled up his wrapper, then threw all of his trash in the garbage and immediately reached for a dish towel and wiped down the counter. He said, “It’s a whole lot easier than the ‘let me put my number in your phone, how do you spell your name? I never remember how to add a contact blah blah blah’ bullshit.”
“Uh, yeah.” Dean scrubbed a hand down his face. “Just let me know when.”
Dean blinks several times. “OK, so, um, first of all, Sam would be a much better person to talk to about this.” He laughs nervously. “Not that Sam is gay or anything! Just that, uh, he knows more about this stuff and is more, uh, comfortable with it I guess.” He clears his throat. “Um, Cas is just Cas. He’s an angel, so I don’t think he’d use any kind of labels or whatever. He doesn’t really, um, date? Or hook up with anybody, so I don’t think he has human feelings or sexuality or whatever you want to call it.”
Dean taps the steering wheel then turns his windshield wipers down to a slower setting; the rain is letting up.
Dean:
When Cas moved his lips to Dean’s neck, Dean said, “You know, Benny’s just possessive as, like, a kink.”
“It’s OK, Cas,” Dean says gently.
you’re interested in my life.”
“No.”
Cas puts a hand on Dean’s forearm, making him turn toward him. In his tiny body, Cas pulls Dean forward and hugs him fiercely, wrapping his arms around his neck. Dean holds his small waist and buries his face in Paula’s hair.
“No, not with us on baby duty,” Dean says. “Let’s just make out until I fall asleep.”
Overlapping, Amara. “Sure, chase that lead. See how that goes.”
“I don’t know,” Cas answers.
“Yeah, but they don’t just let anybody adopt a kid.” Eileen pushed her hair behind her ears and continued, “We might get a deaf child.”
“Yeah, well.” Dean shrugged and looked at his legs. “Turns out being loved by a cosmic being changes you.”
Dean crouches down and reaches his arms out. “C’mere, sweetheart.”
“Oh, boy. You really don’t get like this.” Mildred tilted her head to the side so Dean could work on her neck. “He must be something special.”
Dean shook his head. “Aaron just hated me.”
Because Cas didn’t follow him. Because Cas doesn’t care.
“It should be sufficient, yes.”
On their way up to the front, Cas said, “We’ve only been dating two months, Dean, I’m not ready to share you again.”
Dean sighs and runs a hand down his face to hide his smile. “Boyfriend.”
Cas’ eyebrows pinch together, and his lips turn down in an unmistakably Cas-like expression. “Dean, you don’t have to apologize for hugging me. This isn’t my body, but I’m still me.”
“Yeah.”
“I don’t think we’re going to adopt a baby,” Eileen said, making a noncommittal face as she moved her hands. “But adopting a kid from foster care is tough, too.”
“Cas, what do you think?” Dean asks, his focus still on Amara, applesauce smeared on her face. “Any theories why she’s aging so fast?”
A CNA passed by Castiel and asked, “What the hell is that about?”
“Hey, sweetheart, c’mere,” Dean replied, closing the distance between them and wrapping Cassie in a tight hug.
He hangs up and stares down at his phone. His fingers are tingling.
“Hey, Charlie, you wanna hang out after work today?” Dean asked at lunch.
Most of it has been spent in heaven, he thinks, with the first few millennia devoted only to general revelation, to learning and understanding the universe in a way that made him want to worship whoever or whatever created it or started it. He was told this was God, this was creation, and if he had any doubts back then, they were erased.
The first time they were ever alone together, Charlie took the opportunity to ask Cas pointblank, “Are you ever gonna tell him how you feel?”
Penelope uses both of her front paws to scratch at her ears.
Dean had already heard this story.
Dean went to the bathroom and checked his phone while he brushed his teeth. He had a few junk emails and a text from Sam.
“Hi,” she said.
Sam and Dean share a look.
Cas xo:
“I ain’t worried about Crowley,” Dean says dismissively. He tries to quickly shovel food away, tricking his body into accepting it. “He wouldn’t kill me, and he’s not gonna kill you because he knows that, uh, well...Never mind.”
A smile pulls at Cas’ lips. “I’m still me, Dean. I didn’t realize you had such a strong attachment to my physical embodiment.”
Chuck just smiles at him. “I don’t have to explain myself, actually. I’m only here to tell you to stop.”
“Don’t wanna,” Dean yelled back, turning to his side and wrapping his duvet up around his head.
And Sam said loudly, “Well, I’m sorry but they’ve basically been married for the past several years, it’s not my fault they
“I’m an
Jesse asks, “What?” at the same time that Cesar asks, “Who?”
Dean scoffed. “I mean, if you wanna get laid that night, then yeah.”
Dean swallows. “No. No, it’s not...It’s, um. It’s nothing. He’s just my best friend. We’ve got other shit going on, it’s got nothing to do with…” Dean points a finger between him and her.
“Crowley’s not going to help,” Cas says as he examines the Mark of Cain on Amara’s shoulder. “Even if he knows where she is, he’d rather let the spell do whatever it’s going to do to me.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” Dean kissed him, then held his face in the palm of his hand and stroked his cheek with his thumb as he assessed him. “I like you, Cas. Is that OK?”
“Yeah, why wouldn’t I be?”
Dean grunts in response. He can think of worse things than painting his nails, but he wouldn’t dare say that to Clint.
Dean opened his eyes. “What? Yeah.” He leaned forward and pecked Cas on the lips. “You look good, too, Cas.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I know.” Benny released him and gently kissed his forehead. “I’m still gonna be here, but I think you need a friend right now more than anything. So. Friends?”
So we don’t have to worry about anything tonight.”
Just as he feels like he’s about to lose it, two small fingers press to his forehead and he opens his eyes to see Amara smiling gently at him.
Cas reached a gentle hand out and brushed the back of his fingers across the swell of Dean’s belly before settling his palm on his hip.
man. We took care of her and raised her, and now she’s just gone. What am I supposed to do with that? Why am I the only one who can’t seem to…”
“Everyday I learn new terrifying things about you.” She lets go of Cas’ hand and leans forward to get closer to Dean. “Hey. Don’t ever murder anybody for me again, alright?”
Dean says, “When you look inside my brain, can you see what I see?”
“I’m just not hungry, Sam, it ain’t a big deal.”
“I’m right here, dear,” Rowena says, walking into the room as if she’s been there the whole time. She takes a seat in one of the hard metal chairs scattered around the room; one of the cats immediately hops up on her lap and curls up, purring. “Of course I’ll make you into a bomb. Should we three go to the dungeon, or should we make everyone else leave us be here?”
“Dean?”
Castiel took a big bite and frowned at them.
“What are you doing here,” Dean repeats, slightly calmer.
“What’s on your mind? C’mon, you can tell me.”
“Agreed,” Rowena says as she works.
While they work, Dean asks, “You mad at me about something, Cas?”
Lucky for Dean, Pati canceled on him.
Pati hummed while she made her sandwich, then she hunched over the counter to eat it and asked, “So, what’s up with you? You cut your hair off and put on some weight?”
Until Cas escapes purgatory and finds Dean at random times no matter where he is. How the
Castiel surreptitiously moved his cart closer and strained to hear their conversation through the cracked door. The woman sounded British; Castiel wondered if she was related to Crowley.
Dean remains on his bed for a few more minutes, waiting for his head to stop swimming. He’s not exactly sure what Cas meant about Dean’s memories of hell being familiar, because he and Cas never talk about hell. Dean has never asked Cas what it was like rescuing him—how exactly he did it—because the idea of having that conversation with Cas horrifies him. He’s afraid that he'll say it was the most important thing he had ever done, and that saving Dean changed his life completely. But he’s also afraid that Cas will say it was just another mission, that it meant nothing to him. Both options would be impossible for Dean to handle.
“What did you just say?” Eileen asked, stopping her work to look at Dean.
“What? Those pics were cute.”
“It’s coming,” Mildred says in a daze while she stares at the closed door.
“Cas. It’s not
“God, yeah. I’m sorry I, uh, wasn’t there.”
“Are you talking to every flower, kid?” Dean calls.
let out a “really?” under his breath when he heard the shower turn on.
“Oh, Dean, am I really your best friend?” Charlie asked sadly.
Dean startled, huffing a sleepy snort and lifting from Castiel’s lap like a cat. “What—where—"
“Yeah, have been for a long time.”
Cas only nodded his head in her direction. Venus waved and then excused herself, passing between them on her way down the hall.
On one side of the box is written in neat handwriting, “Stuff I took from my dads.”
Dean’s instinct is to recoil at the touch, which makes no sense. It’s the first time, really, that Cas has touched Dean in a way that makes him uncomfortable.
Well, he should probably report it anyway. Any reason to radio up to Cas is a good reason, right?
“Led Zeppelin,” Dean blurted out, as if Cas had given him veritaserum. “I fucking love classic rock. Give me Pink Floyd, Jimi Hendrix, Rolling Stones. I mean, Lizzo and Janelle Monae are fine, but Jesus Christ I actually hate pop music. Those are, like, the only two I can tolerate.”
“What do you want with her?” Cas asks, clearly annoyed.
“Right,” Dean says, mentally kicking himself for not just asking Billie. He looks at Eileen. “And did Sam fill you in on all the…?”
Eileen tapped Dean’s shoulder to get him to look up from his phone. “What are you smiling at?” she asked.
“I said that Crowley thinks Lucifer is looking for influential or powerful people to possess, possibly as a way of gaining a following and doing something...destructive. I asked if you can think of a reason why he would do that.”
Dean blinked at him. “Jerome?”
“And we can’t rely on you to hold our marriage together, especially without even telling you that we’ve been doing that.”
“OK, how about we make a deal?”
Dean crossed his arms over his chest. “I don’t know how else to be, Cas. I don’t know who I am outside of—everything I’ve ever done is to attract the type of people I want to fuck. Trying to prove that I can—that I can be with men and women and everybody else, and that’s OK.”
diet advice.”
hot.”
Dean huffs a laugh and shares a look with Sam. They rarely went on hunts down South, so Dean had no idea any of that was going on in the ghost world.
Lucifer regains control and laughs in Dean’s face.
Other Dean huffed a small laugh and nodded. “Uh, what are you gonna do? What happens now?”
“Who is this?” Dean answers.
The sun was just rising when Dean pulled into work. The only other therapist who got there as early as Dean was Charlie, a speech-language pathologist who charmed the kitchen staff into giving her individual breakfast trays as early as 6 a.m. so she could work with half a dozen or so of her feeding patients before lunch. She was standing at a rolling table in the therapy gym, typing on her laptop, and she pointed toward the desks lined up on the far wall when Dean came in.
“You really here?” he asks.
Dean ate a sandwich for dinner and drank two beers in the quiet of the kitchen. It had been hours since he jerked off, and he felt like he could maybe get it up again. In his prime, he could come four or five times in a 24-hour period. Now, he would consider himself a superhero if he could make it to three.
Cas bites Dean’s shoulder and rolls his hips.
Now that he’s thinking about it, he’s never actually heard them…
Dean reaches up and takes her hand, moving it away from his face but keeping a hold on it. “What, um, do you think is calling to you?”
Charlie laughed too loudly. “Right, like it’s ever been hard for you to find a hookup. Ladies, remind me the longest it took Dean to fill a slot when he lost his Wednes—”
Pati sat in a kitchen chair and shoved a boob into her baby’s mouth. “Yeah, we’re thinking about moving in together actually. She’s got a baby, too, from the same BD.”
His heart clenches, a particularly human reaction. “Were I in my male vessel, you wouldn’t be saying any of this to me.”
“C’mon, it couldn’t’ve been that bad,” Dean muttered against his skin. “They loved you. And I loved that pie.”
Cas frowned at him. “You should wear what you like, Dean.”
“I like Cas,” Mary says as soon as he’s gone.
“Here.”
“She’s too young, you’re gonna rot her brain,” Dean says, leaning against the door frame and crossing his arms over his chest.
of course.
When they reach the warehouse where Cas presumably is, Sam and Dean silently split up their responsibilities, with Sam staying with Rowena and Amara while Dean goes inside to get Cas.
Dean wipes his hands on his jeans, stands, crosses the garage until they’re only a couple feet apart. He looks at Cas, studies him, then says, “C’mere,” and pulls him into a hug.
Dean grabbed a piece of celery, dipped it in hummus and bit off half of it. “I think I have feelings for my Thursday.”
He settles on,
[man making an X with his arms emoji, man holding baby emoji, man making an X with his arms emoji]
“So, why are you covered in bruises?” Cas asked casually.
“Cas, please, sweetheart,” Dean whispered.
“No, Sam, maybe we should not.”
Sam frowns at him. “I wouldn’t.” He turns his big body to fully face Dean, blocking his path out of the room. “You can tell me anything, Dean. I’m done with secrets between us. I know things have been crazy with Amara the past, god,
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’ back and dug his fingertips in. “Do you think we could try, uh, something different tonight?”
“I don’t need you to defend my honor to your
Dean’s breath hitches, but he tries to hide it by clearing his throat. “When we went to hell to try to find Lucifer, how long had it been since Amara disappeared from the bunker?”
Sam gives Dean a hard look and crosses the room to pull Charlie into his arms. Dean stands frozen to his spot. He doesn’t even remember what he said or did earlier, just that he was seeing adult Amara and losing his shit.
Dean and his mom spend the first five minutes of the drive just talking about the Impala.
“Oh, here, come over here,” Cas soothed, turning around and leading Dean back down the stairs and over to an empty clearing. He held Dean by the shoulders and guided him to the ground, then crouched in front of him and put his fingers to his wrist and looked at his watch. “Take deep breaths, in through your nose and out through your mouth.”
Castiel:
Dean puts his journal up on the shelf above his bed and lies down fully clothed on top of the covers. He checks his phone and sees a text from Mildred letting him know that everything at the nursing home is pretty much back to normal, and that he should come visit sometime. He exits out of the message thread and sets his phone on his nightstand.
Dean laughed, hugged Cassie one more time, then grabbed their cart to continue waiting for Cas to pick out socks.
He makes enough coffee to refill Sam and Eileen’s mugs, then he sits down next to Eileen at the table and stares into his cup so he can ignore the silent conversation she and Sam are having. After a few minutes, Mildred comes into the kitchen wearing Dean’s robe.
Their routine becomes easier and uneventful over the next few days. Dean still feels sick sometimes after eating, and Cas is still hesitant to go outside, and Amara is still growing at an alarming rate. Despite how it makes him feel, Dean itches for a drink and finds himself gravitating toward that one bottle but unable to actually open it. He gets shaky and feverish a couple of times and locks himself in his room until it passes. He doesn’t have any more visions of a mutilated Amara.
Cas xoxo:
Dean:
Dean looks at Raven then at the garden in front of him. He thinks about Cas, about how wonderful of a father he is, about what he said yesterday. Then he says, “Well. Bring ‘em here if there’s no other option. We got the space.”
“Uh, what you said about me to Bobby. That’s—well, it was just—you know, it was...” He cleared his throat. “Yeah.”
After work, Dean pushed himself too hard at the gym and nearly puked. He had to do an extra half-hour of stretching before feeling well enough to go over to Cassie’s house.
“Hmm.”
“We’re not? I thought we were the only ones who could—”
Skipping the gym once again, he went straight over to his Wednesday’s house after buying the scrubs. His Wednesday never drove to him, because they came from money and lived in a house so rich and fancy that it could be featured on a television show. Dean didn’t even think Wednesday worked, or at least, he’d never thought to ask him.
Hannah waited exactly five seconds before saying, “So when are you going to have sex with Dean?”
Dean leaves Charlie to sleep and heads for the garage, where he finds Sam already there waiting for him. They don’t say anything as they get in the Impala. Dean drives west, away from Amara’s shaking of the earth, and he looks straight ahead at the road and ignores the unnatural amount of vegetation growing on either side of the highway.
When the angel Castiel steps into the barn with a blank expression on his borrowed face, Dean no longer aches. He knows, somewhere in his chest, that this being was the first to touch him since the hellhounds dragged him down 40 years ago. It feels like life, not death. He never figures out which one he prefers, which one feels more peaceful, more at home. All he knows is that he aches again.
Bobby touches his face when he returns, just to check if he’s real, and Dean closes his eyes and leans into it without realizing what he’s doing. Bobby doesn’t say anything, but he thinks he understands.
He then leans down and brushes his lips against Castiel’s forehead. He comes back up, blinks, stares at Castiel. Then he leans back over and kisses him on the lips.
Pamela smiled at him as she took his payment. “Vodka soda? You dieting again?”
Dean scrubs a hand down his face. “Cas actually thinks that might be the case. He said he could feel, uh, something deep inside me that’s connected to Amara. He couldn’t figure out what it was, though.”
“And it would…mean a lot to me to have your permission. Before I ask. I want to ask tonight.” Cas folds his arms over himself as if he’s actually nervous that Sam’s going to say no.
A few more days passed, and Sam and Eileen went on a hunt together; Cas and Dean stayed in the bunker.
Instead, Cas appeared in the living room holding books under one arm and a takeout bag in the other hand. He was wearing a burgundy floral short-sleeve button down and knee-length faded jean shorts.
They hung out at Cas’ apartment all morning then went for a walk in the afternoon and then Dean realized the time and apologized to Cas half a dozen times before racing home to get ready for Jesse and Cesar’s.
“It, uh. It feels like it’s only been a few weeks.”
It took Cas a few seconds to answer. “I think so. It certainly felt good.”
In the open living area downstairs, a man and woman were writhing on the floor, foaming at the mouth. Another two women were cowering in the corner, screaming and crying as they watched the people on the floor.
“Do you think we made the right decision back there? Letting that kid live?”
It stung a little bit, and Dean jumped. “Um. My new Thursday.”
“Souls. Several thousand souls.”
Dean nodded. “OK. Uh, so what now?”
Dean high-fived her on his way out the door.
So when the front door opened on Sunday night and Dean called from the couch, “I forgot to ask you to get ice cream, did you happen to get ice cream?” he expected to hear Sam’s annoyed voice answering.
“This is what you could have,” a female voice says.
“Hello, Monday,” he said in a silly voice as he gestured for her to come inside.
Sam stays for the morning, all of them hanging out together in the kitchen for a couple hours and Sam proving that his presence actually helps ease the tension between Dean and Cas. Dean hates that he needs a buffer to spend time with his best friend, and he’ll deny it to Sam for the whole of their lives.
Feeling impulsive, Dean reaches out and tugs Cas toward him by the hip, then he pulls him into an embrace and slots his thigh between his legs. He pushes his face up against Cas’ chest and doesn’t fall back asleep. He just breathes steadily and feels Cas’ heartbeat for a few minutes, then he pushes his hand up the bottom of Cas’ shirt and rubs his back in long, lazy strokes.
“Yeah, he does that.”
“Mm. Yeah, I guess.” Dean puts a hand on his own stomach, noting how flat it is. He ignores the heat rising to his cheeks at the basic knowledge that Cas notices things about him.
Mary’s eyebrows pinch together. “So even if Cas was permanently in a female vessel, you wouldn’t—because he’s an angel?”
The garage door opened while they embraced, so they broke apart and Cassie went to the sink to put clean dishes away.
“Listen to me, this is a milk run,” Dean continues. “A really important milk run, like cereal's the only food in the house kind of milk run, but it should be fine. You’ll be fine.”
“We’ll have to do some research when we get back to the bunker,” Cas says. “She has to be stopped.”
“If you weren’t real, you would’ve just told me everything I wanted to hear and done everything I needed you to do,” Dean finishes.
He politely evades the question, but he wishes for nothing more than to answer honestly. To shout it from the rooftops.
“Do it, Dean. Show me what you’re made of.”
Dean can’t help his goofy smile even though he’s pretty sure he should be insulted. “She is so much like me, isn’t she? It’s weird.”
“Whoa, whoa, he didn’t say—”
Dean shrugs and pokes his bottom lip out as he shakes his head.
“It appears you haven’t done it in a while. If you’ve been sexually active, you should schedule an appointment. Are you interested in women or men or both?”
Lucifer in Cas’ body comes in a second later, his face and hands bloodied. He doesn’t even look at Dean and Cas.
“Oh. Mom. I didn’t think you were…” Sam starts lamely.
“I didn’t ask you to do that! I didn’t ask for this! I didn’t ask for
“No,” Dean says. “It’s Amara. She showed me some things.” He clears his throat. “Sammy, did you manage to help anybody?”
They’re at the movies and Dean wraps a hand around Cas’ waist and rubs his hip while the guy prints their tickets.
“Yeah, doing fine.” Dean looked at Cas apologetically and then back to Lee. “We’re just, uh, heading—”
They glared at each other.
She shook her head in pity.
“Hey, it’s the Winchesters,” a gruff voice says from behind them.
When Sam came in the front door, Dean was waiting for him at the war room table. He had made soup and sandwiches for them both and had put Sam’s in front of the chair he always sat in. As Sam walked down the stairs, Dean took his duffel bag from him and immediately sorted through it to do the laundry.
“He is,” Hannah added.
They sprint through the passages of hell until they reach the entrance they came in. They have to draw their own blood and create a sigil on the low ceiling to make the door open, but it’s better than waiting for Crowley to let them out.
“No, no, no, no, he didn’t...Well, he just kept hugging me and touching my shoulder, but that’s not...He didn’t do that to anybody else? Why would he do that only to me?”
He barely notices when adult Amara, still clad in her ridiculous black dress, appears a few feet away with her arms crossed.
“Would that have been better?” adult Amara continues. “If I had come to earth in this body and seduced you instead? Would it have worked?”
“I do have a memory of it.”
“You’re too old to be thinking about it. You need to be thinking about settling down already.”
didn’t want to be dead.”
“C’mere, Sammy.” Dean got up and didn’t wait for Sam, bending over instead so he could wrap his arms around his little brother. He thwacked him on the back a couple times then kissed the top of his hair before letting go.
Amara tilts her head to the side. “The witch is more powerful than you think she is. She did something, and I...I had to leave when she wanted me to.”
“No. Just drop it. It’s not even close to what I—I have to pay a price, OK? I’m going to bed, but if you need anything, you can just—you can knock on my door. Night, Cas.”
Sure enough, a few days later, the guy posted another video and added a link to his OnlyFans.
They eat a quick lunch with everybody before Sam and Eileen head out for their hunt. Cas and Jack go in the backyard to tend to Cas’ garden, which is full of beautiful flowers and absolutely no vegetables.
“I almost did.”
“So, is that what you do? Deal with ‘supernatural beings’?”
“All the times I was down there flirting with you, and
Cassie joined Dean on the counter, leaving enough space between them for the hummus. “Are you gonna, like, be monogamous?”
“OK,” Dean says calmly. He looks at Sam, who only frowns at him. “You’ll still help with hunts, though, right?”
Dean’s heart dropped. “Are you serious? What’d she say?”
Castiel:
“What?” Dean asks self-consciously. He circles his own thumbs into Cas’ love handles.
“Being with you, Dean, it’s...Well, you’re a handful. Not in a bad way, I mean, I just get caught up in it. In you.” Benny sighed and ran a hand up through his short hair. “But I know you. And I know our time together’s coming to an end here soon.”
“Assumed he’s what?” Mary asks.
Reflexively, Dean answers, “No, I worry about Cas constantly.” He clears his throat. “But, uh, that’s ‘cause he’s died a lot, too. Yeah.”
“You know, I read quite a bit, but the book wasn’t specific about what we were doing. What hell have you unleashed on the world?”
He worked out harder than usual to make up for the lost days and to look swole for his date with Cas.
“Clothes,” Dean said gruffly when Sam answered.
Dean can’t fight his smile. It’s the first time she’s said his name. It’s the first name she’s ever said. He crosses the room and takes a seat on the bed. “I’m right here, sweetheart.”
“Siempre. We made spiked horchata for you. Go, relax. I’ll bring you your food.”
Shifting his weight to be more fully in Cas’ personal space, Dean furrows his brow and says, “Cas, listen to me. You always have a home here. I know I can be...I know things aren’t always, uh, easy. But with both of us being a little worse for wear lately, and taking—raising Amara togeth—well, it’s been good.” Dean clears his throat. “I don’t know what
“Right.”
“Shit! Fuck–fucking god
“Come back,” Dean says. “For me, come back for me.”
In purgatory, Castiel knew exactly where Dean was at all times.
“No, I don’t need food,” Cas replied as he took a seat at the table.
“I think we have some allergy medicine in storage,” Sam says as they all descend the stairs together. “I’ll go check.”
“You don’t want to say anything more about that?”
“Christ, Dean,” Sam says on an exhale. “It’s been mon—”
Charlie snorted. “‘Area Man Hasn’t Been on a Date in So Long, He Forgot How Restaurants Work.’”
She tucked a bit of her curly hair behind her ear. “Is that Cas? Can I meet him?”
“I’m not wearing a hookup’s clothes, I’m wearing Cas’—oh. Oh, Jesus.” Dean stared off into the distance, his eyes glazing over.
A beat of silence passes before Charlie says, “I’m sorry he did that to you.”
Jack straightens his back and smiles, proud of himself. Dean passes by him on his way out of the kitchen and squeezes his shoulder in thanks.
“I heard there’s a new nurse here today,” Bobby said as Dean helped him get his clothes on.
“What did Lee mean,” Cas said eventually, his head pillowed on Dean’s chest, “when he said ‘if you change your mind’?”
Dean rolled his eyes and kissed Cas to get him to shut up. If Cas liked Dean for something other than his perfect looks, then he would find himself getting sick of him very quickly. If Dean wanted to keep Cas, he would have to find a way to convince him that looks mattered, actually.
“Mm.”
Dean turns back to the pancakes and says, “Yeah, I’m here. Sorry, what were you saying?”
“Uh, yeah. I listen to a lot of audiobooks when I’m working out.”
Dean sighs and wonders if he hurt the dude’s feelings. Whatever, he’s not the one with three different types of injuries on his ass. “I burned myself on a bowl of oatmeal, dropped the oatmeal, fell and landed in the mess. Is that a decent enough explanation?”
Once they’re in bed, Dean presses up against Cas’ side, throws one leg over him, buries his face in the crook of his neck, squeezes his butt.
There’s a pause before Lucifer says, “It would’ve been nice to know that before I put your mouth on his dirty skin.”
“I figured it out, alright? I knew I’d figure it out. Just wish I’d thought of it when we were in that hospital. I’m sure we’ll see that infection again, so we’ll have to—we need to try to track it and get holy oil to the affected people as soon as po—”
“Of course. What...else would I be doing?”
“No, I, uh, just woke up and heard you, I guess. What are you doing?” Dean crosses the room and picks several books up from the floor and places them back on the shelf.
Cas doesn’t come out of his room for the rest of the day. While Dean is putting Amara to bed that night, he hears Cas pad down the hall toward the bathroom, presumably to take another shower.
“Yeah, she stole Mom and Cas, too.”
He can’t save the ship. He can’t do anything. Delphine uses the Hand of God, and Dean retrieves it right before Cas’ hand lands on his shoulder and sucks him back to the present.
Cas pulls back so he can look at Dean. “You–I heard you. You were…praying?”
Castiel holds his gaze. “Don’t you dare touch him.”
She runs a hand through her hair, something it looks like she picked up from Sam. “I don’t know. I don’t know, Dean. I thought...I thought this would be easy. I can’t figure out the balance, and I keep going too far in one direction and overcorrecting in the other direction, and I just don’t know.”
“Hmm?”
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t trying to keep anything from you, I promise, I just—everything was happening so fast, and I can’t really…”
the cosmic shift I’ve been feeling in the past few days? That explains a lot.” Crowley trails off, becomes muffled, as he talks to someone away from the phone.
Dean took his current patient back to their room and then rushed to the bathroom and locked himself inside.
Three and a half weeks after the man has moved in, Cas decides to introduce himself. They’re all friendly in this neighborhood, so he’s actually kicking himself for how long it’s taken him to do this.
“Hey, Clint,” Dean says, suddenly struck with a stupendously garbage idea. “What would you call Cas, he or she?”
Sam squints at where Cas just left. “Yeah, that’s a bit odd.”
Cas fights his smile and fails. He runs a hand up through Dean’s hair, which Dean is growing out, because Cas likes to touch it. “I love you so much, too.”
“Oh—OK. I’ll just, um. I’ll be going then.” Cas shuffles backward out of the room and then turns robotically in the hall.
“Jesus, are you the gym police? Get off my back.” Dean rummaged through Sam’s clothes and found a dusty pink plaid button down. “Perfect,” he muttered as he took it off the hanger.
Dean doesn’t immediately go get Sam. Instead, he continues desperately trying to count days in his head. Surely there’s something solid, something concrete that could reorient time for Dean. Like the furniture—they ordered the furniture for three of the rooms online, and the shipping time said—it said—
They’re quiet for several long seconds.
Dean:
doing here!” Crowley shouted, jamming a finger at Castiel. “I offered you everything, Dean. I offered you everything, and you’d rather be with this—this insignificant—”
“Excuse me?”
But then, the very next day Star Tattoo announced that he already got toys in the mail and that he would test one of them out live. Renee fretted around her apartment after work, cleaning and snacking and obsessively checking to see when he would go live.
Eventually, Cas says, “I couldn’t go outside today.”
The problem was that the idea of having the conversation with Cas didn’t sit right with Dean. It was usually easy, made sense, since most of his days were people that were looking for exactly what Dean was offering. The sales pitch was easy. But Dean didn’t want to sell Cas anything. He just wanted to hang out with him.
“How so?”
“I’ve been to L.A. on vacation once. I fit in a little too well.”
Dean pressed a dramatic hand to his chest. “Bobby, that’s so sweet,” he said in a high register.
Dean moved to kissing Cas’ softening jaw and neck so that his mouth was free to talk.
“And you waited until now to tell me this because…?”
Sam just smiles and tilts his chin at him. “Oh yeah, and what about you?”
“The first monster you killed was just a poltergeist. You were 13.”
Cas clears his throat and says, “Sam, I believe you’ve–”
“Yes,” Sam answers. “You don’t have to say ‘become dead,’ they just die. When people die, they go to heaven or they...they go to hell, and they stay there.”
Dean scrubbed a hand down his face and sat back in his chair and tried not to think about how satisfied he felt with a belly full of wonderfully prepared food and expensive whiskey. “Yeah, and I keep fucking breaking them for this guy. I don’t know what to tell you.”
Dean rolled his eyes and pulled his phone out while Bobby washed his hands and his dentures.
So instead, he tells her about Cassie. He tells her what he’s never told anyone, which is that he still checks up on her sometimes. He hasn’t seen her in a decade, but they talk on the phone every once in a while. She has a husband and no kids, and they travel around the world together for their work.
Chuck turns his gaze on him and frowns.
On Friday, Dean realized how he could get Cas to touch him.
Dean blinks at him. “Beats me, buddy. I’d probably be on a beach somewhere. I’d populate it with a bunch of hot spring breakers, too.”
He leans against the side of the Impala and calls Cas.
“Then, um, I’m not your superior anymore.”
have human feelings, though. You keep telling me he’s your friend, and being friends is human. I don’t see why he couldn’t also have other kinds of human feelings and relationships.”
“None of it was real,” Dean whispers.
“Yeah, laugh it up, asshole.”
Then it was a conscious decision. They would retire at the same time at night and Cas would reach his hand back and Dean would take it and they would fall into bed together and fall asleep immediately.
“Well, it didn’t even knock her out all the way,” Dean mutters. His brain fog is gone, but he feels a fear deep in his gut that he may never again be able to tell reality from a dream as long as Amara is around.
“Dean,” Cas says, a bit hoarse.
“Our deal says whatever I want it to say because I have your son on speed dial.”
“No, no, Cas, I was just saying that to argue.” Dean goes to the sink and pops a few ibuprofen. “I don’t mind sharing.”
They walked into the restaurant side-by-side, Dean throwing a casual arm around Cas’ shoulders to keep him close.
Cas snorts a laugh and tucks back into his stack of pancakes, pouring more syrup over them before taking a bite. Dean watches him, obsessed with the dainty way he holds his fork.
Cas folded his hands over his knee and looked down. “Do you feel like you need to have sex every day? Is that why you lived like that?”
“I’m Eileen Leahy,” Eileen Leahy says. “I fight monsters, like you, but I’m much less conspicuous about it. You guys kind of suck.”
“Hey, there’s my boy,” Cesar said sweetly, still cooking food on the stove.
As Dean fell asleep with Cas curled up behind him, he wondered if they would spend all of Saturday together, too. Benny wouldn’t be happy if he canceled, but he could worry about that in the morning.
“I know. It’s made me realize that I, um, treat women differently.” Dean puts a hand up, palm out toward Sam. “And don’t give me any of that Gloria Steinem feminist crap. I don’t need a PowerPoint presentation on gender studies, alright? We’ll get Cas back and I’ll be normal.” Dean puts a basket on his hip and moves toward Sam. “Now get out of my way, I’ve gotta get this laundry out to everybody.”
Cas worried his bottom lip between his teeth then nodded.
“If you’re ever in the area again, call me anytime, babe. That tongue of yours is almost as good as a woman’s.”
“Not gonna stop me from trying to convince him,” Dean mumbles to himself.
Sam and Dean both turn back and see that several people have crowded around Charlie and are pushing her backward, trying to knock her down while they mutter indecipherable phrases over and over again. Dean rushes forward and grabs one of the people, ignoring the way it burns his hand.
Dean clenches his jaw to keep himself calm. “You can’t, and you won’t. You won’t speak to me like this.”
“Did you sleep, Cas?” Sam asks, and Dean is glad that the cot is still out so that Sam isn’t tempted to ask any uncomfortable questions.
“What is this?” Dean asks.
He thinks about adding an “lol” but then remembers that he’s a grown man.
Dean waves him off. “Don’t worry about it, Cas. You know, humans usually sleep at night for seven or eight hours. If you try to do that each night, maybe you won’t fall asleep while we’re in the middle of doing stuff,” he teases.
“Spit it out, Charlie.”
“Sam, have you always been psychic?” she asks casually.
“Everybody doesn’t think—”
And now we’re back.
“How you doing, Sammy?”
“So, you wanna watch a movie or something?” Dean suggested.
“Probably not the way you see it.”
A week ago, Dean would have absolutely lost his shit at losing Jesse and Cesar. They doted on him and spoiled him like nobody ever could, and they would be impossible to replace. But now, less than two days out from crying after sex, Dean could handle it.
“Morning,” Cas mumbled as he fetched his toothbrush from the countertop. “You look good in my scrubs.” He dropped a kiss to Dean’s shoulder.
“It’s not
“Please.”
“Fine! Four! I’ll get you four, you fucking diva.”
was sloppy. He kissed clumsily, then took too long to get hard, then couldn’t find the right rhythm with his hips as they thrust together. Jerome thankfully was patient and average-sized, so Dean didn’t have any pain during or after.
“Spot on, Dean,” Button says with a boop to his nose. “Imagine being so cute as a baby that you get a nickname for life.” She turns to the two women sitting next to her. “I’m gonna go home with this idiot. Drinks?”
“Dude, what time is it?” Dean asks groggily as he grabs Sam’s duffel bag off the floor and sorts through all the dirty clothes.
brought Nick up. But now that they’re on the topic, it seems apropos to try to remind Dean about an important part of his identity. Not remembering your own sexuality seems like a huge bummer. And Sam can’t just outright say, “Hey, Dean, you’re bisexual,” because Dean has never even said it himself. It’s been an unspoken truth between them for years now – actually, ever since Nick the siren – and every time Sam catches Dean checking out a hot guy at the bar or Cas coming out of Dean’s room in the morning in nothing but a pair of Dean’s boxers, Sam thinks his brother might actually get around to coming out to him.
Cas walks in the kitchen and nods at Dean as he takes a seat at the kitchen table. Dean keeps his eyes on Cas for a second too long, taking in the green henley, still confused to see Cas without his usual clothes.
Dean leans forward again and wipes his hand over his mouth. “You, uh, you didn’t make me uncomfortable. You know I’m not – I’m not very good at the whole, uh, love thing, but I know it’s there. I know we’re – you know, we’re good.”
“Don't act so surprised that I keep an eye on you. You really should check the news, love, because your daughter’s been busy.” Crowley hangs up.
Dean waits for Cas to say more, but he doesn’t, so Dean says, “Yeah, apparently there’s some hunter rumor that I’m—well, they think I’m hot shit, I guess.”
It took Cas several seconds to make his decision. Dean had waited so long for this, and yet it felt like if Cas hesitated for one more goddamn second then Dean was going to explode.
Castiel just stared at him.
It had been months since they had any imminent, world-shattering threats to face. Their lives had become stagnant, boring, lonely.
Cas can’t quite hear all the lyrics, but he knows it’s something about being lonely and missing someone and he wants to ask Dean
Dean leaves the kitchen without saying anything else to Cas.
After about 10 more minutes of scrolling through his phone, Dean’s stomach growled, and he felt like he couldn’t hold his pee much longer. He scooted his way out from under Cas, trying his best not to wake him, but as soon as they were apart Cas grumbled his annoyance.
“Mildred,” Dean says seriously. “Talk to me, what’s going on?”
“I don’t have sex seven days per week,” he argued. “At least one person cancels pretty much every week.”
Sam made a confused face at Dean and silently gestured for him to step outside with him.
Sam sighs. “So you only get along with Cas when he’s useful, is that it?”
“Sorry, Dean. I’m leaving,” Castiel said quietly. “I have to work first shift tomorrow, so I should get home.”
By the end of the week, Dean’s body really did feel different. Not just his stomach, but everywhere felt softer. His arms and legs weren’t veiny and swollen as usual, and he felt smaller, somehow. Like he was already losing muscle mass after just one week. He was still eating too much, though, as evidenced by the way his stomach pushed out just a little over the waistband of his sweats both in the front and on the sides.
Dean sat up on the side of the bed with a groan, keeping the duvet wrapped around his head. “I left her place pretty early. Do we
This is the end of part 1, as I'm splitting parts up by seasons. The other seasons will most likely be shorter than this one like phew this was longer than I originally planned lol. Sorry for the delays, I'm trying to map this thing out properly so it's going to take some time before I start posting the next part.
After Charlie left, Dean finished his food while Cas sorted through the bookshelves like usual, turning and moving books however he pleased.
Cas got up from the table and went to his room, returning a moment later with a giant yellow book in his hands. “That’s all three of them. You can borrow it.”
life for a little bit, if only to know that I’m not missing out on much.”
“You’re gonna hurt yours, too.”
As they kept kissing, they clumsily removed their own shirts, and Dean felt a little miffed when Castiel didn’t even stop long enough to admire his body. Sure, he was a little bloated from the ice cream, but it was still obvious that he had a six-pack and biceps as firm and smooth as Captain America’s. Not to mention a thousand dollars’ worth of tattoos on his rib cage.
“Your mother said that you—she told me to come back in here. Did you need me?”
“Was it because of how bad I am at Call of Duty that one day you made me play it? Oh god, that was it, wasn’t it?”
Other Dean looked at his beer bottle, picking at the label with his thumbs. “Chuck is trying to show us that we have no free will. He threw me here to prove that I can’t change anything about our lives.”
“Why would I be mad at you?” Cas answers too quickly, like he’s already bored of the conversation.
After a beat of silence, Dean says, “Well, uh, I’m gonna go make a pot of coffee. D’you need anything? Uh, you gonna shower, change clothes or anything?”
Dean is caught off guard. It usually takes him longer to answer. “Uh, hey, Cas.”
He does.
“Sam? You OK?” Dean asks as he goes to him, pulling him out of the doorway.
of his flippers instead of the goddamn shark that’s–
“Oh my god,” Mary loudly interrupts. “I’m getting a headache.” She grabs a sandwich plate from the counter and bolts out of the kitchen.
“I’m sorry, we have to see it,” Sam says cryptically. “We have to see it or else it won’t work.”
“Oh,” Sam says, clearly confused. “You’d prefer if it was just, like, you and me?”
Patricia, who went by Pati, had smooth dark brown skin and was short and plump and had straight dark hair that she usually kept in a braid down her back. Her parents had emigrated from India a few months before she was born. Now she was in her late 20s and ran her own small business, an upholstery and sewing shop.
“Yes. Yes, honey, of course,” Dean reassures, his tone a bit panicked. “Thank you. Thank you so much for bringing Charlie to me.”
“...What?”
It doesn’t make any sense at all, but Dean leans in and kisses Cas gently. His lips are wet and cold and
Just as Lucifer pulls his arm back to hurl the Hand at Dean’s face, he turns into a wall of light and is sucked out of thin air.
“Yeah. Yeah, OK.” Dean kissed him quickly then pulled his keys out of his pocket. “You can follow me.”
“Cas, please, not while we’re in public. You might as well whip your dick out if you’re gonna say shit like that.”
“Mm,” Dean hums, eyes still glued to Cas. “You mean I’ll be hot as shit?”
ripples under their feet and above their heads, so deep and resounding that Dean feels the vibrations travel up his legs and all the way to the top of his head, like his whole body is full of needles. A second
As Sam walked the short distance over to his own house, he called back to Dean, “Does he like your haircut?”
As Dean wrenched open his car door, Benny shouted at him, “I told you we needed a safe word, shug!”
“What? I’m not—I don’t care what Cas looks like,” Sam says. He opens the fridge and gestures dramatically to it. “I just think it would be good every now and then if you guys ate, like, one vegetable.” He looks Dean up and down. “Also the fact that Cas works out and you don’t, you look like a skinny little beanpole next to him. He makes you look ridiculous.”
Dean pinches a sliver of his love handle and leans down to kiss his cheek. “I’ll bring you a cup. Go back to sleep, sweetheart.”
Dean shrugs. “I guess not. Whoever healed you must’ve given you some more juice, huh?”
Dean keeps trying to get through to her, but Amara continues tending to the ground, bringing up life and vegetation in such a mesmerizing display that Dean falls into a kind of trance as he watches beauty and nature come to life before his eyes. He falls to one knee and sinks into the ground.
Dean gives Sam a look before turning back toward the road. “What’s she talking about?”
“Uh, like shit.” Dean huffed a self-deprecating laugh and shoved half a slice of pizza in his mouth.
“Good. That’s good.” Sam nods and looks to the side, lost in thought. “Dean, you and Cas...You guys raised a kid. In, like, a week. I can’t—I can’t square it, how she could be spreading this disease through this city and then, you know, so sweet and curious and smart and—I just, has she done
“Yeah.”
” Dean said distractedly. “Matt Damon in
“C’mon, move, move,” Dean said to the women as the room grew cold.
Cas was so appreciative of the gesture that he insisted on giving Dean one of the most incredible blowjobs he’d ever gotten.
Now Cas is laughing, too. “We are terrible at this.”
Pati:
Sam shrugs and shakes his head. Typical.
Other Dean blinked. “Yeah, OK.” He took a long pull from his beer, staring pointedly at the wheelchair as he did. “What year is it?”
Amara makes a confused face at Dean. “I thought you knew. I’m sorry.”
“Yeah,” Dean replied, then he looked over at Castiel refilling his plate and winked at him. “I can’t keep eating like this if I don’t get back to the gym, though. My abs are, like, gone, dude.”
“You kidding me? They’re amazing. I didn’t know I liked broccoli until I tried roasting it.”
“Yes, I believe so.”
His life. Where he spent two years fighting what the Mark of Cain was doing to him, only to get rid of it and spend the next few weeks holed up in the bunker playing house and falling in love with the Mark of Cain’s originator. His life has felt so small, so selfish, so contained—and now he's in a different universe, powerless, serving as just a witness to something so much bigger than he can comprehend.
“Right,” Hannah said. “You’ve never even spoken to him, have you? You just showed him to me because you thought he was good-looking.”
Sam laughs lightly as he moves out of Dean’s way. While they walk toward the stairs together, Sam asks, “Hey, how do you know Spanish?”
house, and he can get the fuck over it.” Sam reaches into the backseat and pats Penelope on the head. “And he absolutely would choose you over the world.”
They sit perpendicular to each other at the kitchen table. Cas rubs one socked foot up and down Dean’s calf while they eat.
“Single?”
“Of course I would, but it wouldn’t kill
“He hated me.” Dean smiled sadly. “Sam was always his favorite. And my dad, he, uh, put a lot of responsibility on me to take care of Sammy. Then he—he assumed that I was gay before I even knew it myself, and it just got—it got really bad then.”
Chuck snaps his fingers, and Sam and Eileen appear behind him, breathing heavily and leaning on each other until they realize that they’re back in the bunker. They look down at themselves and press their hands to their own bodies, checking for injuries and finding none.
When Charlie spots Cas, she practically jumps into his arms. Cas returns her hug, hooking his chin on her shoulder, closing his eyes and smiling.
They listen to music together for about an hour. Dean remains still save for the tapping of the beat with his fingertips against Charlie’s back. The steady rise and fall of his chest, the feel of his own heartbeat beneath the weight of Charlie’s head, her gentle humming: it’s enough. It’s all enough. He's able to accept the stillness.
Cas lurches, reaching a hand across his chest and grabbing Dean’s wrist with weak fingers. Through clenched teeth, he says, “Go. Let Rowena work.”
“Sam’s taking them with him to see if they can find and heal any of the infected people in the area,” Cas says.
“Now, now, now!” Eileen yelled through the door.
"Weren't you gonna ask Cas to take a look inside your brain? Did he do that before he left?" Sam asks.
A few hours later that day he passes by Dean’s room and hears an equally passionate
“You know, one of these times you’re gonna push him away and he’s not gonna come back.”
As Dean is violently thrown up against one of the concrete walls of the bunker, the only thought that crosses his mind is,
He and Pati would have cute kids, though.
Dean looks at him. “Yeah, it’s really fucking weird. I feel like we need to, I don’t know, take her on a hunt with us or something.”
Dean glared at him. “We were up late. Obviously.”
Cas impatiently rolled his head to the side. “You can just be you, Dean. You don’t have to perform for anyone.”
Cas kissed him again, on his lips and then on his forehead and his cheek, again and again. “You know, ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of hell...Knowing you has changed me.” Another kiss. “Because you care, I care. I care about you, I care about Sam, I care about Jack, I care about the whole world because of
She appears immediately, a fully grown adult right in the middle of the road, and Dean has to turn at a 90-degree angle and skid to a halt to avoid hitting her. He puts it in park and gets out nearly simultaneously, slamming the door behind him and ignoring the exhaust and mist that passes over his face. He stops right in front of her and throws his arms out to the sides.
Dean and Cas just looked at each other and smiled shyly. Cas excused himself and left Bobby’s room without another word.
“Yeah.”
“Really?” Sam asked. “You’ve been wearing those looser clothes, so it’s really not noticeable.”
Dean:
As soon as he pockets his phone, he catches Charlie looking at him and smiling. She quickly turns away.
Cas lifted his head off Dean’s chest and stared into his eyes. He put his perfect hand on Dean’s cheek and held it, then he gently pulled him forward and kissed him.
“Um, because you have a hookup for every single day of the week? And when you’re not having sex with your copious lovers, you’re at the gym keeping it tight to impress said lovers?”
The ghost showed up after Cas left. It moved quickly, flying from one side of the room to the other, shaking the walls, throwing old kitchen utensils toward the people in the salt ring all in an attempt to break through.
When Sam and Eileen got back the next day, they were full of adrenaline after a good hunt. They spent half an hour detailing everything that had happened, telling Dean and Cas about all the people they had helped. Since they had so much energy, Dean sent them on a supply run.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, you let him go?” Dean asks, feeling anger rise in his chest like he hasn’t felt since losing the Mark.
“Go sleep in my bed, man. You’re gonna hurt your back.”
There’s some huffy breathing and some shuffling, then the light jangling of metal, but Cas doesn’t say anything else.
“Yes, really,” Dean answers, his heart pounding. “I’m not sending Lucifer into battle inside Cas and risk him not making it.”
He said, “I’m sorry, fellas, I had no idea you had any problems.”
They all turn to see Billie. She holds a glowing orb in her right hand.
“Like I’ve just had a bomb extracted from my chest. What about you, anything on Lucifer?”
“I don’t know. He’s kind of distant. I know he’s banged up, but he’s just being, uh, weirder than usual.”
Cas was sitting on the edge of the bed with his laptop open, brow furrowed in anger. “Unfriending. I posted our hike pictures.”
“I...I assumed you were still sleeping with people but being discreet about it.” Cas smiled shyly. “I’m sorry you’ve been celibate. We have a lot of time to make up.”
Castiel looks back down at his phone. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Uh, all over the place,” Dean answers. “Sam’ll be back tonight. Everybody else is kinda, uh, moving out.”
Dean shakes his head. “Sammy and I get caught up in cosmic bullshit pretty regularly. It’s rare that we get to just, you know, salt-and-burn a ghost or something simple like that.” Something occurs to Dean, something he has to say before he’s too afraid. “If you, uh, can’t deal with the way our life is, it would be OK. If you didn’t hunt with us, or whatever.”
