John nodded.
And he decided that he would not let her down. Fuck the press. Fuck the whole Yard.
"Stupid but good-natured, eh?" growled John, exasperated.
"In view of the fact that we're sort of brothers-in-law now, I think it would be appropriate if you called me John."
And besides...
It was all so new to him, and he, who often dealt with feelings so objectively, was a bit overwhelmed, and therefore the tears.
He wanted it because he was now planning to use this "gift" to draw Moriarty out and persuade him to meet him.
I already picked up my gun. An army weapon, such as Captain Watson (ret.) should perhaps no longer own, but still did.
Dear readers,
I was pretty desperate at the time and I didn't know how to handle it anymore.
Someone very close to Sherlock ... sure, but who? And how was he supposed to find out?
It turns out that Sherlock loved to cuddle.
After the plates were cleared and Mycroft poured tea for both of us, he folded his hands, as his brother always did, looked at me and asked:
Good thing.
She looked the latter in the face.
I kissed his neck.
He found out what it was all about.
And I could command my henchmen and pull my strings from a tent camp in the desert in Iraq. Modern means of communication made it possible.
And while Moriarty's footsteps sounded on the pavement, and the fresh air of the morning created a pleasant feeling of freshness in Moriarty's lungs, John had also finished his breakfast in his Baker Street flat, unaware that he was being targeted by the very target of his investigation.
He opened the document where he had summarised the results of his investigation and showed it to Sherlock.
"Only ... Mycroft. No one else knew."
They started laughing again.
He buried his nose in the hollow of my neck, obviously liking my scent. I pushed him gently but firmly towards the bedroom.
"So after I was 'dead', I set about dismantling Moriarty's network. It wasn't easy, but that was the reason I stayed in hiding for so long."
I was proud of Richard. He was doing an excellent job.
And it felt amazingly good to have "Sherlock" with him.
At this point the last date with myself in the shower had been a few days ago. I always need a certain calmness and a relaxed frame of mind. But the last days had been rather stressful. My job is not always easy, and one of Lestrade's cases had me and Sherlock rushing all over London. It had been a case of the deadly jump from the edge of the carpet. It was quite interesting, but there were some high-profile people involved, so I'm not allowed to publish it on my blog.
The tentacle reached the crease at the top of his thigh and Sherlock willingly spread his legs further apart. He felt John lifting himself up from the water, moving so close Sherlock could feel John’s breath. It was very satisfying to find it uneven, though the tentacles still avoided Sherlock’s nearly fully erect cock. John deliberately puffed a breath up Sherlock’s throat, then just under his ear. It took a lot of Sherlock’s willpower not to grab John’s face and smash their lips together, but everything John was doing was too good to make him stop.
“Do I? No. Wait. Oh!” Serlock’s mind started racing. John was aware what sort of “case” Sherlock was solving, and he was ecstatic about it, but what did that mean, exactly?
“You really are as brilliant as they say,” said John.
“Good morning, Mrs Warstein,” said Mycroft. “I think it would be best if we came in.”
“Come along, John, our role here is complete,” said Sherlock and went out of the room.
“But I did,” said the creature. “And I still hope you will, too. One day.”
“It’s like having sleepovers when we were schoolgirls! Except the wine and the massages,” exclaimed Kristen excitedly.
“Your husband’s forgiveness is not my domain. Your sentence though, largely is, so I suggest you tell us everything,” said Mycroft.
Sherlock pulled his hand away.
“Yes, a couple of blocks away from that Vietnamese restaurant we went to last week,” said Sherlock out of the blue.
“Did you solve it?”
“We’ll be there tomorrow,” assured John and Mycroft left.
“Not the staff, John. And thank you, I would never have figured it out if it wasn’t for you.”
“Alright?” asked John, when Sherlock finally did.
John spent a couple of very pleasant hours in the park around the SPA, nodding in greeting to other patrons, which were milling around. Thankfully, none of them wanted John’s company, so he could aimlessly wander around, admire the well-kept flower beds and carefully trimmed decorative bushes. John expected to do some serious thinking, but in reality, his mind was blanker than ever. Sherlock’s confession was simmering in the back of his mind, but he had yet to decide if it meant anything. He and Sherlock were growing closer lately, but it was difficult to say if it lead to something. These things were hard to guess with any person and were damn near impossible when it came to Sherlock, so John stopped trying and just enjoyed the walk.
“You would have liked the professor with arthritis,” told John. “A very perceptive fellow, he would probably enjoy reading you monograph about ash. I should tell him about it next time he comes for a visit. I’ll turn on the T.V. now, say if the sounds are irritating.”
“So how did you figure it out?”
John opened his mouth to deny it, but then thought about his words and yes, apparently he did. He should be more careful. Generally it wasn’t a good idea to remind Sherlock that John was as flawed as any common human out there. His ears started burning, but he refused to be embarrassed about it.
Instead, Sherlock was standing facing John, eyes wide, gripping the corner of the table and overall looking like he just saw a ghost. Or, since Sherlock was not the one to be afraid of ghosts, Anderson in charge of all murder investigations. The gown billowing behind Sherlock added even more drama to his looks.
“That you do a lot of good. More than can be expected of you.”
“Yes, it has proven to be most convenient,” Sherlock’s smile was soft and happy and it took John’s breath away. They were openly flirting and John was moments away from blushing. It was ridiculous and wonderful. Sherlock was never this open with John before and John wanted to snatch the moment and never let it go. The shift in their relationship was definite and John was very eager to find out where it led. He was a little afraid – the thing that was growing between him and Sherlock was fragile and John would never forgive himself if he destroyed it just because he lacked patience, but on the other hand, they both waited long enough. John took a deep calming breath and tried a more neutral topic.
“Your son shouldn’t,-”
“My daughter. Francis is my daughter.”
“Germany, huh,” said Jane. “I pegged her more of a French.”
Sherlock lifted his head to gaze at John with his you’re-an-idiot look, and then fully dedicated himself to the task of proving that John was, as always, wrong.
Slowly, John’s hands moved from the front, to hugging Sherlock around the back, pulling him closer. Lifting his head to face Sherlock seemed like an impossible task until he felt Sherlock’s lips on the crown of his head. John lifted is chin up, and Sherlock bend his down, their cheeks brushing, keeping as much skin to skin contact as possible. Slowly, carefully, their lips found each other, pressing firmly, both of them not daring to move at first. Even this tame kiss made John’s head spin. John’s lips parted, and Sherlock hungrily chased the movement, making the kiss more heated. This wasn't the sort of kiss that necessarily led somewhere – this was the needed-like-breathing one, messy and desperate. John only noticed himself being aroused when Sherlock slit his leg between his and gasped at the contact with John’s erection.
“All of them. I’ve heard so many rumours about the incredible Sherlock that visits the lake often, I had to come and see for myself.”
Inside, John found Sherlock already out of his coat, fiddling with the chemistry set in the kitchen, but his movements lacked their usual grace and confidence.
Sherlock would have screamed with frustration, if there weren’t more urgent matters to attend to. He barely had the presence of mind to wash his palm from sand before grabbing his cock and giving it a few forceful strokes. Up, down and it was over, and Sherlock came so hard he buckled up and then flopped down on the sand, basking in an unfamiliar mixture of sunlight, euphoria and exasperation.
“I don’t mind,” said Sherlock, observing the tip of the tentacle that caressed his toes. Its movements were slow, cautious, but purposeful, inching up Sherlock’s leg, until it twisted round his ankle and squeezed it gently. Sherlock tried to move his leg and found that he couldn’t. At all. With only the relatively thin tip of one of his tentacles and without any visible effort, John was able to hold him in place completely. Sherlock’s mind quickly supplied the image of John using the full force of his tentacles, either to hold someone in place or to rip them apart, but the idea didn’t scare him. If anything, it made him excited.
“You look knackered,” said John. “Go to sleep properly in the bed, will you? I can give you a pill if you want?”
“I barely did anything.”
It was suffocatingly hot and excruciatingly, mind numbingly boring.
“Oh. Alright then. Yeah, it might be a good idea during colder months.”
“Patience,” said John, though his voice betrayed the same hunger Sherlock was feeling, “I don’t want to hurt you.”
“I sure you will. There must be someone out there for you,” reassured John, though the though made him sad.
Jane smoothed the wrinkles of her nightgown with her palms. “I know it’s the worst excuse I can offer, but Kristen brought back excitement. I was important, I had something else besides the cleaning and feeding my kids.”
Sherlock could hear the nymphs giggling between the trees, though they didn’t dare to come closer. He knew the stories they told - that Sherlock was so in love with himself that he spent his days at the lake looking at his reflection on the water, bemoaning his own beauty and wallowing in misery that his image could not love him back. That he would one day fling himself to the deep and drown because of it.
“He’s just being annoying,” said Sherlock in a tone that suggested it should have been obvious. “And I’m not alarmed of sex, by the way. Just indifferent.”
“Oh, how lovely,” keened John, while a tentacle caressed Sherlock’s perineum. Another tentacle rounded Sherlock’s buttock and the tip of it teased his crevasse. John’s mouth left Sherlock’s and proceeded down his neck, while Sherlock arched and bucked, just barely, because the strength John held him with didn’t allow any more. It felt like drowning, but instead of panicking, Sherlock just wanted to go deeper.
“I was hoping you would choose that,” grinned John. “Come on.”
“On the contrary. I am here to make you come back,” said the creature and lifted itself halfway from the water, few of its tentacles creeping up on the branches. Sherlock purposely didn’t flinch. “But the next time, when you return, I want you to return for me.”
“None of my employees are involved. It’s about the trade secrets of one of the biggest car factories in the country, all of this is in the file, if you cared to read it.”
“Have you eaten?” asked Sherlock.
“What? What is it?”
Sherlock spent his days by the lake. There was an oak tree that long ago grew too close to the water and nearly fell down, but still managed to cling to the soil, looming horizontally over the deep end. Sherlock laid on its trunk, facing the lake, one hand lazily tracing meaningless patterns on its surface. The forest provided a shade no matter where Helios was on his travels through the cloudless sky, so Sherlock remained alabaster white even without bothering with clothes. Thick scent of everblooming flowers floated in the air. An occasional snippet of a flute melody filtered in through the trees. There wasn’t even a breeze. Sometimes Sherlock would stop moving his hand to let the water calm down and take a good look at himself, then sigh deeply and disturb the surface again.
It was glorious.
When John woke up, it was already morning. Next to him, Sherlock was sleeping, still in on his back, but his hands were lax and face turned a little to the side. John felt his heart flutter. The ridiculous man probably fell asleep in the middle of his rant, or that Mind Palace exercise of his. It was rare for Sherlock to sleep properly in the middle of the case, but John was certain it would do him a world of good. John stayed in bed, observing his companion, trying to be as still as possible, to even regulate his breathing so he wouldn’t wake Sherlock up. Despite that, not long after Sherlock opened his eyes.
John looked pleased to hear that.
“Thank you, Sherlock,” said John when they settled in.
John was quiet in the beginning, but after a while, he started reading aloud the parts he probably thought Sherlock would find interesting or entertaining. He was wrong of course, but his voice was much more pleasant than the one in Sherlock’s own head, and as no response was required, Sherlock listened without really caring what was being said. From time to time, John placed his hand on Sherlock’s bare ankle, just below the hem of his pyjamas, and gently rubbed it before lifting his hand to turn the page. The touch was friendly and unoppressive, and it anchored Sherlock the way nothing before managed to. After a while, John put down his book and started telling Sherlock about his day at the clinic, the hand on Sherlock’s ankle remaining a constant presence.
They went to the lobby, where a handsome muscular young man in a white uniform was already waiting. He was pleasant and professional, asked Sherlock if he had any injuries or spine problems and then led Sherlock away, leaving John to look for a yoga class on his own.
“How likely is that?” asked John, barely able to keep his eyes open.
“None of the staff could have done it,” said Sherlock out of the blue. “Mycroft’s intelligence must have been wrong.”
“Thought so. The catering then – we’ll go to dinner.”
“How should I call you, soldier?” asked Sherlock.
“Not necessary, thank you,” answered Sherlock. He doubted he would be able to sleep, not after a whole day of dosing on the sofa, but pills made him groggy in the morning. He was tired though, and none of the experiments seemed important enough to start immediately. The bed then, there was nothing else left to do.
Sherlock should have known. John tended to act unpredictably from time to time, and thus the evening went on a little differently. John did prepare something, but he didn’t ask if Sherlock wanted any, nor did he sat down to eat alone. John came to the living room and sat on the end of the sofa, moving Sherlock’s legs a little to make room. Sherlock risked a glance at him. John opened a book and settled in, as if it was perfectly normal to have a quiet evening reading while your roommate imitated a log.
Instead of going back to his experiment, Sherlock stepped closer to John, with an intent and focus that was usually reserved for at least six rated cases. “You’re attracted to me, but restrain yourself because it’s me who doesn’t want to have sex with anyone or–”
“Who they?” Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from asking.
“I didn’t come here because of you,” said Sherlock.
“Sherlock,” breathed John, still griping Sherlock’s shirt tightly in his hands, not able to let go just yet. John was overwhelmed, clutching to Sherlock like a life line. He never thought he could ever have this, didn’t even dare to hope, and as this was happening he found himself unable to cope. And yet, it was Sherlock who thought he was risking. The sound‘s that came out of John’s throat were undignified but he could no more stop them as he could let go of the fabric in his fingers.
John threw himself back into everyday life. Performed his duties. Did his job with all the dedication and sense of duty that was his.
And I would be so happy to get some feedback on this chapter, but also on the story itself.
For the next half hour his lips and hands pampered the naked skin of his upper body, so that I knew: I was going to have a date with the shower afterwards.
While he frantically said goodbye and made another appointment with Molly, Sherlock remained completely impassive, bent over the microscope.
It gave him a few minutes to sort himself out a bit.
"That's good," he said, in a perfectly businesslike tone. "Because I've been doing some research and I've read that people do things in a relationship to please each other. And I thought, that's one way of putting that idea into practice."
"I wish," he said to himself, "I wish so much that Sherlock were here now."
What I was in the mood for that afternoon, however, was a small, young hooker I picked up in a lonely spot in an industrial area without surveillance cameras, whose body Lestrade's men fished out of the Thames the next morning.
I walked beside him, feeling the fever pulsing through my veins. I, John Hamish Moriarty, would now finally face Sherlock Holmes. Me, his nemesis, his arch-rival, of whom he knew nothing yet, but soon would.
"Just the shock," Sherlock said and we giggled again.
Well, sunset was an exaggeration, it was just early afternoon and we still had enough time to prepare everything in peace.
"But you'll look just as great in a Westwood suit."
I took a deep breath and said:
* * *
He stormed out of the lab and I hurried after him.
My heart did somersaults.
And they sank into each other and it took quite a while before their minds, which had simply shut down and let the feelings take the reins, began to function again.
Then he called the old lady personally and explained what was going on, but without revealing Moriarty's identity.
He sighed.
"You weren't... did not...“
On the scene, we had Mrs Hudson unlock 221C for us.
He realised it in time to save that pesky brat my people had taken hostage. (The little brat had dared to bump into me on the underground as I was on my way home from the doctor's office. I had immediately sent my people after him and I regretted that Sherlock had saved him).
I entered the one on the left.
He looked at " Sherlock" who was looking at him questioningly, waiting.
So what was to be done?
Apparently no one was standing in front of it.
If Sherlock wasn't a figment of his imagination, it meant that all the things he'd thought he was imagining had really happened: Sherlock was here, Sherlock had drunk the tea he'd brewed for him himself, eaten the sandwiches he'd made for him himself.
And so it happened, which is completely normal when you are cuddling wildly on the sofa with your lover: My penis was in extreme erection, as Mycroft would have put it.
"Sherlock, I won't be there for dinner, I have a date with Sarah."
Sarah had survived, then.
And the one time in the middle of the night when he had thought he felt Sherlock's arms around him ... had probably been real too.
I would get him to do everything for me.
Mike introduced me.
"I know," John said, "I may hardly think it possible either, Lord God, I wish it were not true. But ... there's just a lot that points to it."
John smiled wearily.
The blindness of the heart, it has been the death of many wise men.
John took a sip, and then he began to tell. To describe what he had found out.
"No!"
"An old friend of mine, John Watson."
He stood up, pushed me back a little on the bed , lay across my lap and whispered:
A new message had come in.
"Does that mean, Lestrade, that you read John's unspeakable blog?"
Well, in the end, none of that mattered.
Well, that should be fine with me, there was no doubting that I was the white king in this game anyway. Because the colour white is the one that wins much more often due to the advantage of the first move.
"Well," I said, feeling myself blushing.
She knew his habits.
She did not regret any of it.
I swallowed and said, "No, it's all right. Well, have a good time. And, uh, take care of yourself, okay?"
This morning Sherlock had been a figment of his imagination. A dead figment. Then he had learned that Sherlock had not died, as John had believed, and had hoped for a few seconds that he was still alive. Only to learn that he had died after all. Only to learn shortly afterwards that he was neither a figment of his imagination, nor dead, but alive and kicking and real ... and now this ... the man he loved and thought he had lost was sitting alive and kicking in front of him, telling him that he loved him too ...
And as much as Molly didn't like it, she had to admit that was probably true.
I gasped for breath and took a deep breath to stay calm.
He said nothing.
My name is Moriarty.
"Well, John, in such case, I'd be happy to have sex with you."
Sherlock Holmes.
And that's when I realized with the full force of realization that this must have been his first, his fucking first, his very fucking first orgasm.
And suddenly another flash of inspiration. He found out that "Rachel" was the password to the website of her email account and that this website had a connection to her smartphone. A smartphone with GPS. So it could be tracked.
He had always wondered if Lestrade knew about it. Well, probably not, otherwise he would have taken it away from him at the latest now to prevent ...
Nine...
He was restless. His hands were in his lap as he kneaded them nervously.
Oh sweet Jesus, it really was Christmas.
When the boys were convinced, the two muscle-bound guys disappeared again.
"TELL ME THE NAME!"
Sherlock and I lived our lives, which had not changed much compared to the time before our relationship, with one notable exception:
Sherlock seemed a little confused. It had always been difficult for him to decide how to deal with people.
At the same time I hummed happily to myself, because I was also feeling well, and it was such a wonderful morning, as I would not have dreamed of a few days ago.
I gave him plenty of clues.
My sniper at the swimming pool had instructions to call a specific mobile number on a set signal from Richard. He, no, I must be specific, she would of course comply. She was an extremely shrewd young woman, quite sexy to boot, called Mary Morstan.
So, could one sit back now?
And suddenly a terrible thought popped into his head.
However, I was fascinated that he contacted me exactly as I had expected.
"What am I going to do?
Sherlock crouched down carefully and looked at the sports shoes, but without touching them. He too seemed to realise that the situation was not without danger and that the criminal, who obviously had it in for him, was not to be made fun about.
Killing John Watson would have been the easiest thing to do, but ... but where would be the thrill, where would be the suspense? No, it would probably be better to throw another victim at his feet. Someone he could accuse.
At that moment, I couldn't help but kiss him.
"I'll take your word for it," she said.
Sherlock took long strides towards his brother.
"Say, John," Sherlock said as he tied his tie.
I heard Sherlock sigh.
On the other hand, if she didn't, she would have no control over the situation, wouldn't know who had ordered her there.
He talked to him, even though he continued to receive no answers. Well, that wasn't quite true, „Sherlock“ answered, but not with words. His eyes, his expression, his gestures, however, were eloquent enough.
He knocked an imaginary dusting off his lapel.
"Sherlock" beamed and nodded.
Inwardly, I grinned. This Mycroft was right up my street.
"Well, John, that you and I should have an... an open relationship. So you can get sex whenever you need it, and I can... and I can... feel my way into things at my own pace, very slowly. Also, it would be possible for us both to accept if I actually never get used to the idea of sex."
When I was able to speak again, I still looked at him with a broad grin and asked, "You haven't told anyone else, have you? Perhaps Lestrade? Or Molly? Or even Anderson?"
A short while later, Dr Watson had cause to look downright horrified, while my inner Jim rolled on the floor laughing instead as Mrs Hudson said:
He faltered.
"Wait!", I shouted. "Is that it now?!"
John walked slowly towards her.
It felt strange, somehow.
So I made sure that he got the order to prepare and train certain things.
A Sherlock whose tongue licked his lips, whose cheeks were red, whose gaze was veiled with desire.
Well, they would escape the spear over the flame, as would Donna herself if Mike did what the letter told him to do, which he would find in his mailbox just before the drama began.
Then I'll called myself a fool.
"When you no longer have an opponent worthy of you, what will you do?"
He shook his head, furrowed his brow, raised his eyebrows, continued this "Really! John! Don't be an idiot!" look on his face.
But first I had to deal with Mycroft.
Playing with John Watson like a cat with a mouse, letting him escape again and again, and then in the end, when he was already exhausted from all the chasing, finally tearing him apart between one' own claws.
"Jim," Molly said meaningfully, "this is Sherlock Holmes."
He nodded.
"Never mind. Come on, Dr Watson. Whatever's behind this, it's not hurting anyone.I'll take you to him."
The seconds dragged on endlessly.
I showed myself annoyed.
Two sweet little lambs...
"There's still risotto in the fridge ..."
The first orgasm of his entire life.
The next surprise came. I was at work, I had just had a short break, when my mobile phone started to receive text messages again. I swallowed. Lately, as soon as it did, or as soon as someone called me, I always had a bad feeling.
And he would realise that this, too, was war in a way.
John asked them all to sit down, and when they did, he and Sherlock began to explain what they thought they had found out.
A sob followed and then:
But Sherlock still thinks that I'm the one who wanted the open relationship from the start.
Whether the feelings that lived inside him, though he still denied them, would override his razor-sharp mind.
"Sister! Damn ..."
The door opened again.
"No," he said. "Molly, of course, knew I didn't jump to my death from the hospital roof. After all, she helped me do it. But ... she didn't find out about Serbia. She must think I'm still alive... Isn't that a little bit bad? Treating her like this, keeping my death from her? On the other hand, I am actually still alive ..."
"Look, Sherlock, such a thing as archenemies .... do they even exist? Normal people don't have such things."
Sherlock smiled smugly.
He was about to storm down the stairs when he turned to me.
Highly concentrated at work and yet I could see that his mind was scanning his surroundings very carefully. Mike, for example, but especially me, the stranger to him. This wide awake attention was ... yes ... sexy.
Mycroft, Sherlock's brother.
Amazingly, the other man answered immediately.
Nothing was to be expected from Sherlock, with whom she still had a crush. She lived completely below his radar.
"No, Lestrade."
I'd pushed him back onto the sofa and tried to kiss him senseless.
"She's right. As glad as I am that she won't be torturing anyone anymore ... I'm going to miss her a little."
So accurate that I couldn't help but take a deep breath as a shiver ran down my spine.
When they had calmed down somewhat, John continued.
Or would I have to slap it in his face?
His grin slipped.
Gregory glowered at Mycroft.
"He's our bomber," Sherlock said, looking at me for applause.
I had hit my target. Not well enough, though, because that damned ant of a taxi driver was still alive.
He looked at John.
Again his coat swung just artfully as he turned again to the door.
"Well done, Sherlock," the hostage's voice said tremulously, "you can pick up the little bitch now."
If he had his way, he would spend the rest of his life packing bags for Sherlock and doing similar mundane things that hindered the great detective's thinking.
It's just like us. Having a loud argument half an hour after we confessed our love. Well, the only one who was really loud was me. Never mind.
"Watson?", I heard him call behind me.
After all, he had to respond to Sherlock.
Now I was really mad.
Sherlock was sitting on the sofa, holding a pillow with his arms firmly clasped and looking at me.
The day it started was a day when he did the most stupid things out of boredom. I had been slowing down my subordinates for the last few weeks, so there had been quite little for him to do.
"You can see I'm in shock. We'll talk tomorrow. My flatmate is standing there, you know he's a doctor. He can look after me."
"Yes, Sherlock?"
"Oh. Listen, Mycroft. Lestrade should be with you in a moment. See that you appease his anger, and then grab him and come here. I'm at Baker Street."
Yes, I could get used to this, I thought.
Sherlock should never again find himself in a situation where John wasn't there to help him.
"Molly, look at it this way. We're saving your reputation as a master criminal. If you jump, then Molly jumped to her death, the, and I quote, stupid little pathologist. She couldn't bear the pain of losing her secret love, because officially I'm still dead. And Moriarty lives on. Moriarty may have retired, you won't hear of any new crimes, but the world will believe he lives on and was never defeated."
John stood in his bedroom and packed his bag. He did it purposefully and systematically, as he was used to doing in his military days. Clothes edge to edge, space optimally utilised. He smiled as he thought about the fact that he would probably have to pack for Sherlock as well. Because he would either not even think about such a thing (he was probably still sitting on the sofa in that extremely elegant thinker's pose), or he would throw random stuff into a bag and forget everything important.
And why did he miss his brother so much, even though they had never really agreed on anything, and even though he knew exactly ...
But that was probably the crux of the matter.
In healthy grief, this phase eventually turns into a phase of understanding and deep despair, a despair that is painful and bad and lasts for varying lengths of time, but since it is well-founded and stands on solid planks, life and everyday routine, love and the joy of life have the chance to transform it at some point into a dull grief and finally into a grief that only exists in the background, so that one can be happy and laugh again.
"Gladly," I said with a grin, grabbing my key and following him. "If you think you can use me?"
He succeeded only rudimentarily.
There was only one way left: Moriarty's death.
"My reputation? Well, it may surprise you, Sherlock, but I don't place any value in continuing to live the life of that silly little pathologist Molly."
"Got your breath back?" asked Sherlock.
He nibbled broodingly on his lower lip.
So it was anything but a miracle that John had hallucinated and believed he saw Sherlock.
John took a deep breath and entered the flat.
Sherlock nodded.
"Well," John reluctantly said, "I may not have been telling the whole truth."
John could hardly breathe.
"But ... Sherlock ... You were just there ... and you never said a word... well, except for those whispered words a few hours ago, but ... I thought I only heard those in my head too!"
The strange, unusual, painful and yet at the same time liberating emotionality of the situation urged him to unite his lips with Sherlock's ...
"I love you, Richard," I said. "You know I love you don't you?"
This whole scene revealed the essential differences between him and me.
A new player on the chessboard?
"Yes, Sherlock, I promise. I'm sure you'll be angry with me at one time or another. Promise to stand by me, won't you?"
It was glorious.
And just when he had brought himself to tell "Sherlock" what was going on, he flinched violently because a loud knock sounded at the door of the flat.
But I am the best you can get for your money.
Molly Moriarty was restless.
And I, I dedicated myself to the cause of Richard Brook.
Time was running out and he had not yet come to any conclusion. There were only three hours left until the ultimatum expired.
"What's wrong, Richard?", I asked as we lay side by side, sweaty and out of breath.
And four, the idea of spanking my sweetheart on his beautiful rear was smoking hot... well, granted, I was a little bit of a spanking enthusiast.
He deduced from the engraving "From Clara for Harry", the scuffs, the scratched charging socket as well as the relatively new model, just as I had planned, that it was my alcoholic brother who would have separated from his wife shortly before because of the drinking.
He gave a startled yelp and tried to comprehend what had happened.
The bubble bath was ready. It smelled wonderful and I had also spread a few candles around the edge of the tub.
He took a deep breath. Well, his turn to take a breath.
And already Sherlock was slipping on his coat and dragging me out of the flat.
"I see, and what do normal people have then?"
So first the facts.
Had he become suspicious? Did he suspect me?
I didn't need to lie to Sherlock.
We each took a sip of beer.
"Just a moment," he let the man stammer and hang up.
"That's it then," Sherlock said.
I spent the night with Sarah, who still believed a little that John Watson would want something from her. Silly thing. She played the preening virgin and let me spend the night on the sofa. Good, at least I didn't have to come up with an excuse, because she would have bored me so much ....
I sat down. Since he didn't know how I liked my coffee, he'd had extra sugar and milk. I didn't like coffee because, like all civilised Englishmen, I preferred tea. So while I rather reluctantly prepared my coffee, he now had leisure to look at me.
"Showed?!"
"You're joking, John!"
"Yes," I said, and then we ran.
He swallowed.
"I love him and he loves me. Nothing else matters", Greg said calmly and looked at me.
No, this time she just didn't know what to do.
Ways to convince you. To seduce you. Sooner or later. I thought so.
I decided to dissolve my organization and then rebuild it under a different name. Just start from scratch, because the thought alone felt exciting.
Again, he saw exactly what he was supposed to see. Oh, it was so easy to fool him when you knew his way of thinking. The little details that other people didn't see and from which he drew his conclusions - you didn't have to do anything more than artificially create such details in conclusive context ... and you had him where you wanted him.
"John ..." she still said in a trembling little girl voice.
I took a strawberry, put some cream on it and held it in front of his mouth.
Lip-reading had once been taught to me by a hostage, a deaf and mute boy whom I had held for several weeks. In gratitude, I didn't torture him to death, but shot him.
The next day at the Scotland Yard debriefing, Gregory Lestrade asked the right question.
I put on my most shocked expression.
At the moment, however, she was a capable and willing tool. In other words, exactly what I needed to move purposefully towards the climax I had planned.
So he had not been dreaming.
"For now though ..." I breathed in his ear, " ... it'll have to wait. But I'd have some creative ideas for tonight."
"And you," I said, "are my princess."
John shook his head and stepped back into the house.
The letter would contain photos of his beloved and her family, photos also in very familiar, even intimate situations, which made it clear that his secret employer always knew exactly where the people concerned were and what they were doing.
"Ha ... Hello sweetie ..."
"Good evening, Detective Inspector."
"So, anyway, she and I were having a conversation about vampiric glitter poop, when your brother was the first guest in the flat. He didn't bother to knock, he just stood in the room. And guess what he was dressed up as?"
So, who do you think is actually Moriarty in this story? Care to take a guess?
"John, my dear. How utterly delightful to hear from you."
It was the first time that he caught my attention on the one hand and became annoying on the other, because he ran to the police and told them what had happened. He just knew.
Here, for a few moments, I had thought I had made one.
With that he turned and walked with me towards St Bart's.
A veritable thunderstorm of thoughts, possibilities, options ran in her head. To finally come to the conclusion that, no matter how one spun it, there was only one.
Molly turned around.
So she nodded slowly.
It appeared that it had been a mistake to underestimate Watson. He did seem to be capable of more than fetching Sherlock's sticks.
John gasped. True, he had only recently acquired a new phone number. But the press had found it out quickly, and, of course, so had Mycroft Holmes.
"Sherlock, what do you mean?"
"But John, I can sense that you feel the need to... no, the desire for sexual activity," he said, and these words from his mouth did not necessarily make the problem any smaller.
Sherlock turned around and took a few nervous steps.
But Sherlock, I realise now, had a completely different take on it. He thought I meant ways to satisfy my sexual desires, outside of our relationship, for example.
So there was no reason to sit back and relax.
And at the end of the game, when I got tired of it, I would "die" and make sure that he died, too.
"John," he whispered, "John, would you help me? I've never done anything like this before, I don't know how to do it, but..."
Bingo.
I took his hands in mine.
"There's no question about it, John."
But then a voice sounded at her back.
He winked at me, confident, charming and arrogant in equal measure, and then stepped into the hallway with big strides.
He only half felt Mike come into the bathroom and spoke to him in a friendly, reassuring way and brought him into the living room and onto the sofa. How he covered him up and stayed with him until somehow John fell asleep, probably from exhaustion.
"Come on, John, Lestrade," he said, storming off.
"You're more than a friend to me John. I know you're not ... you've stressed often enough how straight you are ... but that doesn't change the fact that I love you. I didn't know I was capable of it, but I am, and even if nothing can ever come of it, I still want to please keep your friendship that has become so precious to me John. Please."
John obviously hadn't taken the events surrounding Sherlock's jump in his stride.
And there could not possibly be any mistake either. No one in Moriarty's organisation could afford to make a mistake if they still wanted to see the next day. Alive.
Sherlock Holmes, so I knew (I had my sources ...) was, like me, not an easy person. But unlike me, he had never learned to act out social skills he did not possess. He was inconsiderate, selfish and annoying.
Oh, by the way, did I mention what the J stands for?
I coughed. He just told him... but that was Sherlock. If he thought it was the logical solution to a problem, he'd do it.
"Look, whoever you are, that phone box thing was silly. You could have called me on my mobile."
Mycroft, who had regained his composure and was once more fully the Professional Politician and Intelligence Man, looked round.
We were interrupted by Molly the lamb, who brought him a coffee and bleated something irrelevant about lipstick.
"But when I see you guys, it's like you're happy..."
That was the moment when his gaze fell on me. I was standing here on the edge of the action and had put on my most innocent look.
When she had finally gone to sleep I started to take care of a few things and tie a few strings.
"Meet me on the roof of St. Bart's? I want to play!"
John couldn't help but grin.
"I'm gonna go out and find someone who can help me. Interesting, attractive people who are willing to teach me what I need to know for my first time with you."
He hailed the taxi with a police badge and called himself "DI Lestrade". I grinned. From the looks of it, he had stolen a badge from Lestrade.
Moriarty was restless. For the very first time since the battle with the great detective Sherlock Holmes had begun.
I've always been like this and even in primary school I cheated the other children in my class out of their breakfast sandwiches or their miserable allowance. Without them really understanding what was going on. And even more so, without them understanding that I was behind it.
"Could be dangerous!"
When they had finally left the flat, I stretched, cracked my knuckles and picked up my laptop.
The young actor Richard Brook.
"Not at all, Dr. Watson. Before you get too upset, let me get to the other side. Yes, I think a relationship kept open like that would be best for Sherlock, at least for now. You know how quickly he sets himself under pressure when he doesn't get things right. If he wants to do justice to someone, which usually involves clients whose cases he wants to solve, but now you as his partner whom he wants to make happy, he puts all his resources into this task. And because of his psychological history, which I include his addictive tendencies, it is important to avoid such a situation."
The delicate porcelain cup fell out of my hand and hot jasmine tea spilled all over my trousers.
But to stand there for all the world as defeated. As the one who had mouthed off and was ultimately hunted down by Sherlock Holmes, the ingenious detective.
"Molly! What isn't he!"
Certainly, he seemed to know frighteningly little about what had so troubled and touched his brother in the time before his leap from the Barts.
That too was a kind of circle, except that in this circle I was the centre.
Yes, that really sounds arrogant. No, it is arrogant, but, ha, arrogance has to be earned and I earn it. I am the best, so who else but me has the right to be arrogant?
Okay.
I heard the explosion just as I disappeared around the street corner and grinned to myself again.
It's always annoying when a tool breaks at the crucial moment.
The taxi had moved on and from the other end of the street two policemen approached us with questioning looks.
Sherlock just snorted.
The figure beside him was indeed Sherlock.
With that he kicked the injured man on the bleeding shoulder.
I enjoyed this moment, I was not in control of my mind and did not want to be; I felt heat and fever and yet I was as healthy in my soul as never before. I did  shiver and yet I did not freeze. I moaned, but not with pain.
I worked really hard to prolong it.
"...to which he did not appear," added the black-haired detective.
So let's leave the cat and mouse game, thought London's darkest head. Let's play charades instead.
The woman's voice became a little more shaky as she sobbed into the mobile phone:
Sherlock was alive and here with him. He hadn't died jumping off the roof of the Bart, and obviously not, as Molly had believed, in Serbia.
And I would have to reconsider his role in the whole play.
"That ... was really impressive."
Then he said to Lestrade:
Now it was my turn to look at him in amazement and burst out laughing again.
It wouldn't do any good to get upset, and Mrs Hudson was somewhat of a close friend of ours anyway.
"I don't need a reward, I think I rather need to be punished for my depravity ..."
Jesus.
Put it all together and there was only one conclusion: he was interested in me.
In the general hullabaloo, I managed to get a message off to the taxi driver.
But still.
He rushed out of the pub without warning, as usual, and I ran after him.
Well, he realised, even though grief follows a similar pattern for most people, it is different for everyone.
To hell with Lestrade. All right, he'd tell him his suspicions and the results of his investigation. But then, to hell with him.
Of course I had no intention of actually putting an end to my life. No, I would stage my death. I would...
He brooded and brooded. It had become dark outside by now.
I had written this letter myself and I had prepared it myself. I had folded it, sealed it and given it to a messenger who had been instructed to place it in that safe in that flat.
"Not the right moment for a kiss, is it?"
Well, that was a lie ...
I sat down with him on the sofa.
He would have to talk to someone.
"But I'll think about the problem and find a solution."
He looked embarrassed at the table.
"John, it's not just that I've never had sex. It's also the fact that I've never felt any need for it and, well, I don't know if I'll ever need it."
And it felt bloody strange that I was fighting alongside Sherlock on the side of the good guys.
Sherlock was dead, there was no denying that.
"... but you could certainly make them leave us alone. So no more incessant phone calls, even in the middle of the night. And the lurking here in front of the house. That's got to stop."
It would become clear whether his heart would triumph over his mind.
I knew nothing about her.
Moriarty had to chuckle again.
Their era.
"Well, not so bitchy, Sherlock. You know Mummy hates our fights."
And secondly, because the murdered woman simply annoyed me to no end.
Grinning, I thought about using more asparagus, oysters and similar foods that are said to have aphrodisiac properties.
She would jump.
And then he dared.
Manipulating people was one of my easiest exercises.
"Yes," Sherlock said, nodding.
"If I ever do want to take advantage of this free pass, unwanted by me and yet issued by Sherlock, it certainly wouldn't involve you! And now I would be much obliged if you would take me home!"
"And what do you think you can put on the line for me? What do you have to offer, Sherlock, that could be worth my death?"
He started again.
But they were good tears, and they forged us even closer to each other.
It wasn't planned.
On the whole, it's always worked, just...
"Get in the car!"
Finally, it was Lestrade who simply had enough, and with a loud "For fuck's sake, now you two just shut up!" silenced the two Holmeses.
"Needless to say, John."
John hated Gregory Lestrade. Which was a pity, because before Sherlock's death Lestrade had just become a pleasant mate for him, with whom one could have a beer and rant about the world as such and life in general and life with Sherlock Holmes in particular ...
"John, are you all right?" he asked with a worried look.
When he had somehow regained his composure, could catch his breath again and was able to articulate something like words again, he yapped:
The only thing she regretted was underestimating Sherlock. Sherlock and damn his lapdog, John Watson.
He continued.
I would pay him well, no question, but I doubted whether that would be enough.
John closed the laptop and sighed.
My name.
"It would be interesting to see how you were going to try," Sherlock said, and began to maltreat his poor violin.
"Wait a minute," I said, "he's your brother? He's not a criminal? Not an underground boss or something?"
Caviar from his belly button.
And then he heard a soft voice. Not just in his head this time.
There were some decidedly funny moments as Sherlock, always under the guise of the case, torpedoed my dates with Sarah. Sarah was the extremely attractive doctor in whose practice I had recently started working as a substitute.
The next few months... or perhaps years? ... I would spend every moment of every day full of thrill....
And he stood up, picked up his mobile phone, went into the small kitchen of the flat and from there began to make phone calls and give initial instructions.
I was very amused by the whole thing.
"But he's not ..." She slapped her hand over her mouth as if she had blurted something out.
How good my acting had been.
That was him, wasn't it?
Somewhere a leaky pipe was dripping.
"Are you sure Lestrade was here earlier? And that all this isn't just another figment of my imagination?"
Would he call Richard back?
"It means, my dear Dr Watson, that I too think you should take up the investigation. You worked with Sherlock for a long time, learned a lot from him along the way. And where my brother was only the head, you are the heart. You see things from a more life-like perspective."
"Listen, Mycroft. I don't care about your feelings right now. But since you already didn't help your brother when it mattered, you could at least help me now. I think you owe me that."
He reached out carefully and put his hand on John's arm. John was in a bad state, because he thought he could really feel this touch.
In retrospect, I almost regretted a bit that Sarah survived, because she was starting to get on my nerves quite a bit.
The host, Angelo, handed us the cards. "Here, if you are hungry. Sherlock, dinner's on the house, as usual, for you and your date."
Sherlock took the letter and looked at it from all sides.
I was thinking frantically to myself.
"And ... er ... Dr Watson."
A mistake? Not at all.
"Your war is lost, Molly," Sherlock said. "That pretty little head of yours won't be concocting any more crimes in the future."
and he nodded to the "Sherlock" hallucination, " ... you might as well help me."
It was a wonderful first time for him, and when we held each other in our arms he cried.
He was beautiful. Pale, delicate skin, still youthfully fresh. A curious glow in the dark, soulful eyes. Experience and yet uncertainty at the same time. Freshness, hope and depravity all in one.
The day came when all the preparations had gone as far as they should have, and I decided to send the letter to Mike Stamford so that in three days' time the first meeting between Sherlock Holmes and "Dr. Watson" could take place.
"Mycroft is... Well, Mycroft is... He's very, how shall I put it, conservative in bed too. That's OK, and we have a pretty good time in bed too, but... ...but I don't think that's enough for me. I just likes it a bit harder now and again.“
I did as he said and he pulled me straight into a loving embrace.
I feel joy when I kill an opponent and anger when someone gets in my way.
I let him nibble the delicious fruit and gave him more morsels to taste.
Friendship, after all. Or ... what was it Sherlock had said?
The case Lestrade had for us was, of course, solved after all.
Yes, that had been the beginning.
I stormed noisily down the stairs, only to scurry light-footedly and quietly back up again, because I wanted to eavesdrop a little.
" What do you mean," I stammered, "you mean he organises these murders? These crimes? You order something like that from him and then he gets it done?"
When I also left the club later that evening, he was standing outside with a couple of friends and was trying to get at me.
John hated Mycroft.
And yes, I have a confession to make here: it was a little hard not to come with the name "Sherlock!" on my lips.
"Don't worry. We're not going to shoot you or anything like that. You can, however, climb the little perimeter wall here. The wall I stood on some time ago and faced death. I wonder what it must have been like for you when I approached you and asked you to help me fake my death ..."
John was still deathly pale.
I turned the phone off.
And then I came with a scream, I screamed his name, and spread my semen over my body.
And he was ready again to face what was happening.
"But ..." stammered John, "if my psyche hadn't just since .... his … your ... death ... ... went crazy like this? What if I was already ... suffering from a serious mental disorder? A split personality? Or was under something like remote hypnosis ...?" John was about to burst into hysterical sobs.
The wedding ring, whose condition proved that the dead man had been happily married.
"So you don't have a girlfriend?", I asked. I had the feeling that the vibes that were here at our table right now were so intense that they should almost be visible to everyone else in the room.
But then she took off the masquerade.
"Sherlock," I said, snuggling even closer, "we don't have to discuss that now, of all times. I love you, and you love me. Everything else will work out."
"John," said Sherlock, "I see that contrary to your original intentions, you were not engaged in sexual activity last night."
His gaze went to John, who looked him in the face, and who realised there that Sherlock by no means thought feelings were superfluous any more. On the contrary, John saw a warm tenderness there that warmed his heart too.
And he snuggled up to me again.
Who would die on my behalf.
That was also self-defense, for the reasons I mentioned above.
When I entered the room and my eyes fell on it, he just grinned wryly, shrugged his shoulders and continued reading.
"No ..."
It read:
This laptop ... who wouldn't give their last penny to get their hands on this little thing. Moriarty's laptop.
"Why?"
During the ride, I listened to the conversation. It was as I had predicted. The taxi man had by now confessed that he was responsible for the mysterious "suicides". Sherlock could have called the police or left at any time. But he didn't. He followed the killer because he wanted to know how he had done it.
That was what she feared more than an end on the cobbles of the pavement outside St Barts.
Sherlock Holmes walked slowly towards Molly. The young woman looked at him from wide, startled eyes, and the amazement on her face seemed genuine.
Very good.
What was she going to do?
"Sherlock, your IT skills are as good as our best experts. Therefore, you will work from my house, where you will find all the technology you need. That way we can also keep your resurrection a secret for now."
Sherlock was experiencing his first sexual desires.
At that moment, the pink phone rang.
"Andrew West," he said, "an employee of the Ministry of Defence. He was found with his skull crushed on the tracks at Battersea Station. Now that's nothing that doesn't happen now and again. But West, known as Westie to his friends, had a USB stick with him and on it were plans for a new missile defence system, the so-called Bruce-Partington programme. Well, it's gone now. And we can't possibly risk it falling into the wrong hands."
I got a big look at him. I knew him well enough to know that he actually believed what he was saying.
Well, yeah.
So five months ago we finally got to the point where we could admit to each other that we love each other. And we've been together ever since.
Well, all the more reason to get rid of John.
It had been up there.
The whole thing overwhelmed John, and he thought:
And, damn it, that made me very fucking happy.
Crimes she commissioned did not happen or were foiled.
"It was strange... and yet... it aroused interesting sensations not unlike the ones I get when you and I are pleasuring each other..."
I began to turn us around so that he was under me.
Then I looked over at Sherlock, who was grinning decidedly smugly.
This astonished me, because I had never felt anything like this before.
He thought it over very hard.
Clever, intelligent, skilful. But he too had allowed himself to be manipulated when it mattered. Had investigated Sherlock and contributed to his death. He wouldn't be a real threat.
I would certainly have to invest a bit of work, pleasurable work.
"Yes?"
"Well," he said, "he's ... special ... You'll see. Perhaps ... yes that's possible ... maybe the job is from his brother. He's always complaining that he's controlling him far too much."
He was still wiping tears of laughter from his eyes.
And I think it sucks.
"Sherlock!" she exclaimed. "You're alive!"
In addition, the first days were hectic. He was overrun by journalists, those assholes, who were somehow responsible for everything. The police questioned him, asked him about everything, wanted to know...
"Boring," he grumbled.
As tears ran down his cheeks and he could hardly breathe from loud, barking laughter, Sherlock slapped him hard across the face.
John had just grabbed another cup of coffee from the vending machine in the hallway and had gone back to the small office he had been given at the Yard.
So who did that leave?
No. Molly didn't believe in such coincidences.
Me, Jim Moriarty.
The bomb man, he had said. And he obviously didn't seem to be so easily fooled into thinking it was a woman.
His eyes widened.
* * *
At that moment the beep sounded, which indicated to my mobile phone that a text message had arrived.
When he finally took the Tube home that day, that's when it happened for the first time.
Sherlock would have sex with random attractive people, for God's sake!
I intended to take my time until I caused Sherlock's death. But at that moment I gave myself permission to bring it forward if necessary, if I couldn't bear to wear these clothes any more.
"I am Moriarty."
"John, I want to ask you, plead with you... can we stop treating our relationship as an open relationship? Can we please start being faithful to one another?"
"No, John. I did not have sex with anyone. ...except you."
He cut me off.
"Oh John!"
Yes, that was exactly it.
I was almost a little disappointed that he made it so easy for me.
"Am I dealing with Anderson again?"
"Your word?" Molly, surprisingly, didn't even sound sceptical. Just interested.
A black car pulled up to the side of the road. An impressive limousine.
I had been living in London for a few weeks now and had moved into a small furnished flat, which was cheap but still too expensive for the meagre income of a former Army doctor. This Army income was an excellent argument that I, "John Watson", was also looking for a flatmate.
"Lestrade, you ... see him too... ??!!"
In addition, I had started writing a blog, as recommended by that unspeakable therapist of John Watson.
And there was one more thing that amused me:
"Well, yes," he said, "Me and ..."
A lucrative business.
"Sherlock!" Mycroft seemed genuinely indignant and turned to me.
He hesitated a moment, then shook his head.
"As Dracula!"
Lestrade came by regularly, bringing new files and taking away ones that had been worked through.
Lestrade swallowed and I, John Watson, fell silent in shock.
And then he pushed me onto the sofa before I could swallow my tongue in fright, and kissed me wildly and violently, so that I became quite dizzy.
At first, the mastermind had thought about what to get out of the situation.
Molly Moriarty did not fear death. She had faced it so many times and there had always been situations where she had narrowly escaped.
* * *
However, that changed over time; he fell in love with me in his very own Sherlockian way, even though he had always claimed not to have a heart, which, if I may say so, is of course complete nonsense.
Not too difficult a task for me in the end.
"John, if this is about Sherlock ... I'm so terribly sorry! But you wouldn't let me tell you! He didn't want me to, and ..."
not now.
I was so proud of him.
And with that, the connection broke.
"Well," I said, "I don't actually know, I don't know him face to face myself."
He knew he saw the truth, he just knew it. It had to rip his heart to shreds and turn his mind into a kind of whirlwind, but he SAW it. And didn't doubt it.
So all this had not been a sign of misguided grief, but had really happened.
"No, I guess I'm not all right actually."
After all, I was John Hamish Moriarty!
Still. John Hamish "Jim" Moriarty, I thought, you are a brilliant planner, only sometimes your temper just gets the better of you.
"I think we should discuss this and find a way forward for both of us."
"John, is this how you feel when you think of me in the shower, relieving yourself of your arousal?"
He pushed Sherlock away from him.
And with my first name, because I wanted to keep it.
"True, but you have me anyway."
John knew the latter wasn't true. They had wanted to know first if their suspicions were true.
"You mean ..."
„....“
These were crucial moments.
And it didn't get any better that day when the police investigation had finally come to a surprising conclusion and the press couldn't help but announce in big letters and lurid articles that Sherlock was completely vindicated:
"Listen," I asked. "Who are you?" I was curious to see if he would come out of hiding.
"Then you're Mike Stamford?"
Besides, so much was being asked of him now of all times.
Feeling - not really my metier at all.
"I'm a minor figure in the British government."
Sherlock would like to sleep with me, that much was certain.
And so Moriarty had sent a message that simply contained a thumbs-down emoji.
The end of an era.
Thirdly, we seemed to be on the right track. Well, then... So go on then, cuddle and kiss, and well, looks like the right way to take the pressure off Sherlock was to pretend to date other people...
I had been absolutely brilliant in what I had thrown at him.
Well, I didn't think so, after all, he was clearly in love with me.
And as I thought this it occurred to me that lately I had been associating the "I" more and more with John Watson and thinking of "Moriarty" in the third person. It was strange how the game I was playing was affecting and changing me and I wasn't sure if I liked it or not.
"But ... I thought I was going mad ... Thought he was only in my head and I was imagining him ..."
The look he gave me at that moment.
Sherlock twisted his face into a sort of half-embarrassed, half-disparaging smile.
"Yes, John. I promise you that, too."
"I have a proposition for you," he went on.
"And Molly," John said.
Two people who obviously knew Sherlock long and well.
"John here."
Someone who had been very close to Sherlock.
But I recognise these things.
Sherlock sighed.
The next moment he had unbuttoned my pants and I lifted my bottom so he could take them off. He did that, and my underpants were also moved to some corner of the room.
He smirked.
"Well, John, would you do me the kindness of telling me what the state of things is between you and Sherlock?"
"Oh John. Carl Powers. That's who started it all."
"Mike? Can I borrow your phone?"
Was he really supposed to be behind everything falling apart around her?
But they were close enough that I could read Sherlock's lips, or at least roughly what he was talking about.
"I'm sorry, Honey, I thought John knew about us..."
"John," Sherlock said, "I have a favour to ask of you."
I had not given him the individual words, but only instructions as to what it was all about and left the exact wording to him.
So I decided to do something about it.
Finally his lips began to kiss slowly but surely down my body.
"Oh God," John said, his throat dry.
"Sherlock" sat opposite him again and looked at him questioningly.
"Calm down, John. We can lull Miss Moriarty into safety with this. Surely you understand that?"
All right, thought Moriarty, enough planning, now let's get down to business.
He collapsed, I sank down on him, cuddled up and we just laid there, both unable to think anything, to say anything, let alone do anything.
He heard a key in the flat door and turned his eyes in that direction, startled.
"I know."
To be precise, I was sitting on the bed with my legs spread, my upper body propped up on my arms and my eyes closed. He was kneeling between my legs and had taken my penis into his extremely talented mouth.
He nodded.
"Was that what?"
He quickly deduced that the passenger was an American tourist and was in no way a perpetrator.
I went after him once.
I myself began to undo the buttons of his shirt and also started to run my fingertips over his beautiful, porcelain pale skin.
This was John. And as much as he might have learned from Sherlock. John was still a man with a warm, human heart and with more feeling and understanding than was good for him. And that made him vulnerable.
Mycroft was nowhere to be seen or heard from, for which I was simply grateful.
"He blew up the old lady," he said, "when she started describing him. He put himself in the line of fire."
And then she jumped.
Never mind that, there's no point.
But first, Sherlock's mobile rang.
"No, Sherlock. That's part of being in love. It makes you happy when your partner is happy."
Cautiously, he reached out to touch the man in front of him, but he shook his head, still silent, but clearly making a dismissive gesture with his hands.
Sherlock and John stood hand in hand on the roof. The wind up here was tugging at them.
The game continued.
A few hours later I was on the train on my way home.
"Well, it happens that I play the violin in the middle of the night when I need to think and don't talk for days. Members of a shared flat should know the worst about each other, don't you think?"
"Conceivably," Sherlock rebuffed. But I could tell by the play of muscles in his face: He was firmly convinced. Good. Very good.
Finally, Sherlock did look at him for a moment.
So he spoke to Mycroft, who was delighted.
"Going out with ... Going out with you ...?" asked Mycroft with a dry throat.
Sherlock shrugged, sighed and turned back to his task.
And he SAW it.
And I was able to experience Sherlock's deductions again during the course of the evening.
Not that I would have minded blowing up the little bitch with her fancy waistcoat. In fact, I would have loved that. But still... I'd be disappointed, because I wanted the game to stay exciting. I didn't want to win so easily.
If I'd been here with him as Moriarty, as myself ... he wouldn't have lasted an hour.
Expectant looks came from the eyes of the two men.
He tried to find words.
John Hamish Watson, his roommate.
Someone stepped into the room, and to John's greatest surprise, a man he had in no way expected stood before him.
Yes, I too can be grateful and downright disgustingly soft-hearted. Pah, I don't like that side of me but, well, every now and then it comes out.
"Gay."
He moved closer to me and he clung to me. My hands went into his curls and fuzzled around them.
I suppose he was expecting it, cos he was smiling amused.
Mike didn't seem to think so because he banged on the door and threatened to come in and undress John himself and stuff him under the shower. Mike had been a doctor and had also been in the military, so it was safe to assume that he would not shy away from the sight of a naked guy, so there was no doubt that he would make good on his threat. Well, that went against John's instincts, so he picked himself up, growled angrily:
"You must think I'm crazy. I've only known you for a few days. But I'd be ready to marry you right now."
John still couldn't really believe what was happening. He was afraid that his brain would be completely overwhelmed by all this as soon as he started thinking about it.
He thought back and forth about how to begin and was grateful that he had a few more minutes because Molly was bustling around in the kitchen making tea.
But, Sherlock... I've never had sex with other people."
He saw John Watson, and he saw Moriarty.
"John," he said, "I know you've not met anyone until now. But I think you should do it now, at the latest. "
I let myself drift and ended up at the " Honeyblossom", a nice dance bar. It was there that I actually met someone, a woman.
She would be stepping out of her cover. And that would be dangerous.
Once again, Molly Moriarty, a highly intelligent master criminal, summoned up all her self-confidence.
Again and again Sherlock had had the chance to get out. But he didn't. He wanted to know.
They had argued about this for a long time before. Had argued and John had stubbornly defended his point of view.
Half an hour later we were back on the now freshly made hotel bed.
I grinned.
"John, John, John, John."
And I kissed him on the neck to reinforce my words. How fortunate that, like most people, he was so gullible.
There was a cat involved and cats have a variety of symbolism, but in many cultures they stand for deceitfulness and deviousness. It's not for nothing that there are terms like "catlike friendly" for someone who does you nice and yet would love to stab you in the back.
"Sherlock" would help him with that.
And then she stepped confidently towards the perimeter wall of the roof of St Barts Hospital.
To feel his closeness and warmth was just wonderful.
A message on Sherlock's blog.
"'Forget what I was talking about. That was bullshit. I'm in shock."
I wonder why he started calling me by my first name.
People read this blog and that is how I made sure that Sherlock became more and more famous, actually against his will.
A few lumps could be thrown at John's feet and he could be led on one false trail after another. It would be an easy thing to do, because John was anything but a genius. He was nowhere near Sherlock or even Moriarty. He would stumble blindly after the crumbs laid out for him and fall into any trap set for him.
Then he smiled again.
Sherlock gave him a dark look.
Oh, he was indeed grand.
"Missed you very much, Captain Watson."
Over the next few days, a little peace and quiet came over us.
"I bet you weren't expecting that."
No one had believed him. How could they, we were so young then and no one listens to children.
But ... why had he come back to John and not said a single word, well almost none?
Bollocks!
Damn it, damn it, damn it!
He smiled at me, lovingly but shyly.
Then my lips closed around it. I began with gentle, sucking up and down movements, while continuing to play with my tongue and also crawling his testicles.
A scream escaped his lips:
"John ...?" she asked, her voice sounding puzzled. "What are you doing up here? Why did you have me summoned here? Miss Moriarty? I don't understand ... "
His eyes showed stunned amazement. Astonishment. But also admiration.
Mycroft, whose nose had turned a little red, looked at Lestrade and said quietly, "Yes, Detective Inspector."
"In spite of everything," she said, "it's been an honour."
I had been out of the house. As I stepped onto the stairs in the hallway of 221B, I heard gunshots. Was it supposed to be...? I ran up the stairs.
"Boom!" said Sherlock.
"Well, Doctor, on the one hand, for you. Because there's no telling when or if Sherlock will ever develop an interest in sexual activity. And we know that you've been quite active in that area in the past."
"Detective Inspector Lestrade? Listen. It's about John. I don't have much time to explain, but he's in a worrying condition. I don't know what's happened, but in view of the fact that, as we both know, he still has his old army gun, I think it's appropriate for you to check on him ... Yes, thank you. Detective Inspector... I owe you a favour."
It stopped right beside me and my "dear brother-in-law" held the door open for me.
At first it was not dangerous, but I did not like it.
Molly entered the hospital through a side entrance. It led through the rooms she was so familiar with, the long corridor from which one entered the laboratories, the cooling facilities and, precisely, the pathology department.
"Sherlock," he said, " ... you said the only one who knew about your ... 'second death' in Serbia is Mycroft."
"Okay," he said, and then he gave me another little kiss.
And if he had to be honest, he hated Sherlock for it.
Either he got information. That was good, then he would be in the loop.
"Thank you, John. You're wonderful. I don't deserve you at all."
All three men looked at the angry DI with dumbfounded expressions.
And just like Lestrade before, we now left Mycroft standing there.
I had my mobile phone to my ear and this woman's mobile phone still in the killer's jacket pocket. It did not seem to have been damaged by the fall. So I could still hear what was being said.
He entered his living room, went to the armchair that had always been "his armchair", ever since he had lived here.
Mask or no mask?
Molly Moriarty.
But no. His heart, into which he had obviously enclosed me so much, didn't let him even think of the idea.
Of course Sherlock corrected me through and through.
"John?"
Or was it all just an unlikely coincidence?
Namely, that it wasn't true.
"But ... But ...", John stammered. And then, for the second time that day, there came a moment when his mind could go no further and his senses faded.
The suntan, just face and hands, led him to conclude I'd been deployed overseas.
Watson's brain, however, was down-to-earth, simple, it had a more practical mind. Something Moriarty lacked entirely, and that was probably what now seemed to be becoming dangerous to the criminal genius.
Who could have guessed back then that one day the unassuming John Watson would be much closer on the heels of the criminal genius ...
"Well, you just shot a man."
Molly tilted her head and seemed to think.
This gave me the opportunity not only to get to the bottom of this USB stick, but also to find out where my own people had gone wrong and who would have to pay for it. And it gave me time to go off on my own and do a few things out of Sherlock's sight.
But unfortunately it turned out once again that my very clever consulting detective was as ignorant as a child in matters concerning feelings and interpersonal relationships.
"What?"
"Of course, who else?" I said, kissing him gently.
And besides, Molly was as white as a sheet and as pure as a lamb.
"And you have come to the conclusion..."
"Dr Watson," he finally said, "I would like to pay tribute to you for actually succeeding in misleading my brother. I had some reservations at first. But you are, in fact, succeeding. My brother is firmly convinced that you would, well, live out the open relationship. Congratulations."
What had Sherlock been through!
"Yes."
I first had the painting examined and checked by experts from my own ranks to find out any weak points. Artistically, there were none.
Yes, she was in danger, now and here at this moment.
"Oh, Molly. The attempt is really ridiculous. Such a silly feint is not worthy of a Moriarty."
Well, that's how it was. So I lived with Sherlock,  at Sherlock's.
Sherlock Holmes.
"John, I thought you'd know, after all, Myke's made you an offer on it..."
How he made his deductions to her and realised that what he was doing, contrary to his intention, didn't seem to please Molly.
Then I nodded.
I'm Moriarty, I don't make mistakes.
Something was going on. Watson, when spoken to, seemed strangely absent and highly focused at the same time. He seemed to be making real and genuine progress in the matter, however, and had gained insights that Moriarty did not like at all.
"John, Molly couldn't have known anything about this by human standards. If she did, it can only mean one thing."
And he had no idea that the murderer was in the car with him.
Well, Sherlock had fallen into the hands of Moriarty's people in Serbia after a few weeks.
Good. That could be quite a challenge for me because I simply didn't know that much about him.
"Will you drive me home, Mr Holmes? I find that since you're obviously spying on me, for which I'm grateful for once, you might as well do me that service."
Splash...
Anderson and Donovan anyway.
"I have the Partington plans. Come over. Midnight, the pool where it all started."
"Maybe Moriarty..."
There was silence on the other end of the line for a few seconds. Then Mycroft said sharply:
Moriarty grinned.
"Sherlock" nodded.
"Yes?"
The voice just rang out in John's head.
When John went through the files, he did so aloud. He read aloud, voiced his thought processes, shared his conclusions with "Sherlock".
For days, weeks, he sat in his armchair in the living room at Baker Street, brooding and giving in to despair. And if Mrs Hudson, the good soul of the house, had not placed a tray of tea and a few sandwiches near him now and again, he would not have eaten or drunk. He did, automatically, as one breathes. But it meant nothing to him.
Mycroft had immediately had the relevant CCTV footage sent to his laptop.
I kissed Sherlock tenderly.
I took another deep breath.
Only to kneel on the floor beside him the next moment, apologise again and say:
And the more John thought about everything, the more he came to the conclusion that he still didn't believe he could really achieve anything. But ... maybe he could at least try?
And now I'm...
Now, however, I made my way to Richard.
"Oh," I said seemingly as an aside. "So you're unattached, then, like me." And I lowered my eyes to the menu with interest.
"Mycroft informed me that you had taken up the cause. And that, amazingly, with your simple but practical way of thinking, you were making good progress and finding new approaches."
As far as the case was concerned, he found out the whole thing quite quickly. For me, that meant that this source of income was gone, but honestly, compared to everything my organisation encompassed, that was peanuts.
It just bothered me that somehow, the whole world knew before I did.
And on a whim, I just brought Sherlock on board.
Measuring time and yet without the slightest chance of changing anything about time itself, about its pain, sorrow, hatred or anger.
John shuddered.
Should never again feel as alone as he must have felt on the roof of the Bart, underground, in Serbia.
Of course, it was unmistakably Mycroft's vehicle.
I pretended to have inadvertently admitted that and smiled a John-Watson-is-embarrassed smile.
I knew who he was and what he did, of course. But as John Watson, I couldn't know. So I looked at him questioningly in a way that he couldn't help saying:
Just then Mrs Hudson called into the confusion:
That was when it had started. Me, who committed the crime. He, who could have solved the crime if he had been listened to.
(Three days later, his mutilated body would be found in the dark alleys of Dublin ...).
"You two should talk in private. And I need some explanations too, but there's time. First of all, I'm glad you're back, you snoot."
Greg nodded with a sheepish grin.
"No, Mr Holmes,“ I hissed at him.
Then he looked at Sherlock.
"Well, that an open relationship, where both partners have the right to seek physical satisfaction outside the relationship, and the concept of fidelity refers solely to the fidelity of heart and mind, is the best solution."
This was going too far now. The fact that he drank the tea he prepared for "Sherlock" without consciously noticing it was something he had somehow already got used to. Even if it was still so strange.
I looked up hopeful. Did he now understand that I didn't want all this nonsense about an open relationship?
"What?" asked Lestrade, puzzled. "The mobile phone from 'A Study in Pink'?"
"More than all right, Sherlock, I'm delighted!"
For a moment I thought about blowing her up just for fun anyway, but .... no. I wanted to play fair. Well, a little bit anyway.
I always made it clear from the outset to potential acquaintances what my intentions were and what I wasn't doing. Nevertheless, there was this young guy who did not want to understand that I did not want to have sex with him. He became pushy and was thrown out of the club.
John was knocked out. One could assume that. He was just too sensitive.
He looked at his crotch.
After all, this was a matter that had bound us together for ages. A crime I had committed. Which no one had recognised as such, not even the police. Pah, especially not the police. Only him.
John described the problem to him.
The next moment, said detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade burst into the room.
First there was "Moriarty". I would need someone who would credibly embody "Moriarty" for Sherlock and not only for Sherlock, but for the world, so to speak.
Now I kissed gently and lovingly down his neck, further over his body, came to his nipples and nibbled them gently.
"Very different here from when I was here," I said, tossing him the ball.
I smirked to myself.
Stood in the club where he spent the evening like a rejected lover in the shadows, in the dark, watching him.
The Serbs would certainly still have had their fun with Sherlock, it was likely that there wasn't much left of Sherlock in the end except a bleeding bundle.
"Well ... We've just known each other a few minutes and we're going to go and look at a flat?"
When you thought about it, it was no wonder. The circumstances of Sherlock's death had been anything but ordinary. The aftermath had been chaotic. But also the fact that John had lost Sherlock, the only person who had managed to get him out of his own black hole ... only to have his death plunge him back into it.
"That means ...," Sherlock said, and you could hear in his voice that he was beginning to enjoy the whole thing. "It means that the bomb man, and I'm sure it wasn't just a gas leak and your people will figure that out Lestrade; so that the bomber has the opportunity to get close to me. Without attracting too much attention."
"That...", I let John stammer, "that's the mobile ... the one in pink ..."
In a brief moment of panic Sherlock took a shocked gasp, expecting the water to flood his lungs and then finding that he was breathing as easily as if he was on land. They were still sinking deeper and Sherlock tried to both look around the unfamiliar territory and figure out how was it all possible.
“You should,” said Sherlock. “Wait here.”
That was unnerving enough turn all John’s attention back to the detective.
“Sherlock, as pleasant as this is, I’m not a teenager anymore. I doubt I’ll be up for another round tonight.”
By the time the show ended, they both were yawning.
“Why did you kept giving her confidential information?”
“So that’s the secret of your youthful looks,” answered John with a wink and the woman giggled. Sherlock pushed his plate away and leaned back, crossing his arms and scanning the crowd. John glanced at the direction he was looking, but nothing caught his eye.
“You said you love me.”
“Ah, yes, what about it?”
“You can leave, Mycroft, I really can not be bothered,” said Sherlock, reaching for his violin.
“I see that you are enjoying my gift,” said John when Sherlock finally focused back to him.
“As long as it’s contained. It wouldn’t do to make a habit out of letting go of criminals.”
“A wife and two kids,” said Sherlock about the one that just entered the studio in the show. A host then proceeded to question a contestant and he revealed being very happily married and proud of his three daughters. Sherlock grunted in annoyance.
Sherlock jerked back abruptly, braking the kiss and making John a little disoriented. “I’m so sorry, John, I seem to have misjudged–”
John tried to contain himself, he really did, but every man had its limits.
“Sorry,” said John. “They sort of have a mind of their own.”
When John came back from the bathroom, Sherlock was lying on a bed in his typical thinking pose. John would have preferred Sherlock to choose his own bed, but since Sherlock left a wide enough side for him, he wasn’t about to complain – John was tired and it didn’t seem worth the effort.
John was fully committed to the task and Sherlock was soon overwhelmed with sensations, his focus narrowing to John’s mouth, lips and tongue. Sherlock gave back as much as he could, trying simultaneously to open up his mouth and invade John’s and if this wasn’t the most glorious of battles, Sherlock didn’t know what was. John tasted of cool fresh water and secrets, and at some point Sherlock became aware that they were slowly sinking, but then John bit Sherlock’s lower lip and Sherlock tried to retaliate by sweeping his tongue in John’s mouth, and the next moment, the water was over their heads.
“And how is your son?” John asked Mrs Dhawan.
“Do you ever wish you had a relationship like that?” John nodded to the direction the couple went to.
“Me, having feelings of romantic nature towards you.” Sherlock fidgeted a bit. It was too warm in the flat, and a little stuffy, and he might have eaten something contaminated for lunch, because there was a hint of nausea in the back of his throat.
John had an inkling that Sherlock wanted him to take a yoga class only as a petty revenge. John was never very bendy and his injuries prevented him from a full range of movement, and the chirpy young instructor was more prone to spouting spiritual nonsense then helping the attendants to do the poses properly. As a cherry on top, most of the class were experienced enough to do most of the damn asanas effortlessly, while John fumbled even through the most basic ones. All this, while Sherlock was enjoying a massage by that gorgeous man, who probably was much more capable at his job than the yoga instructor had any chance to be. Contrary to the whole yoga spirit, John was furious by the time the class ended.
John placed a hand on Sherlock’s hip and pulled him in. There should have been nothing to worry about – Sherlock could see the answer in John’s eyes, and yet, Sherlock never felt such an eager anticipation to hear the words out loud.
Sherlock was so agitated he didn’t know where to begin. He wanted to know everything there was to know about John - from his mind to the taste of his skin, but there was no way to ask probing questions while licking someone, so Sherlock just observed John, undeciding how to proceed, while no new detail he noticed helped him to figure it out. John seemed fine with that at first, but after a while, he gently pushed Sherlock into a wall.
“Relax, Sherlock, I’m not going to jump you. Just let it go, alright? I’m going shopping and I expect to see the head gone by the time I come back.”
“The receptionist is useless,” grumbled Sherlock.
John closed the door behind Mycroft and stopped to think for a minute. It was risky, going somewhere with Sherlock only, but on the other hand, if Sherlock would be busy enough with the case, John might have a chance of getting his thoughts in order. Changing the scene would do good for both of them, and who knows, maybe it’s just the opportunity John needed to find out what Sherlock thought beyond simply being married to his work.
John closed his eyes. He heard Sherlock starting another one of his monologues and sincerely tried to listen, but sleep overcame him before Sherlock had a chance to finish a sentence.
“How was the massage?” asked John, joining Sherlock on a next sunbed.
“Thanks anyway. You were feeling under the weather yourself lately?”
“Thanks? What did I do?”
“You two are cute,” chirped the blonde woman, Kristen, when John gave Sherlock all his peas without being asked, and took the mushrooms from Sherlock’s plate. “How long are you together?”
The ride in the taxi gave John a little more courage. Sherlock’s hand was resting between them and John felt bold enough to lightly cover Sherlock’s gloved fingers with his own, testing the waters, to determine whether it was the unusual place that allowed Sherlock to act more human and warmer towards John, or was it a true shift in their relationship.
“Take a yoga class. I’ll visit a masseur, he’s one of the longest working here.”
John’s eyebrows rose to his hairline. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
In the evening, when John came back home from the clinic and grinned from ear to ear the moment he stepped in to the flat, Sherlock had enough.
John grabbed an opportunity to tease Sherlock a little. “Sherlock, I hate to tell you this, but we already are in a relationship. An exclusive one, ta for that.” John added good-humouredly and started counting on his fingers. “We live together, bicker all the time and everyone thinks we’re sleeping together.”
“Sherlock, you were snoring!”
“Enough observing,” murmured John into Sherlock’s ear and kissed Sherlock in the same demanding manner. The questions stopped seeming so urgent, at least until Sherlock’s mouth was otherwise occupied.
“But we aren’t,” said Sherlock. “We don’t sleep together.”
“Buckle up,” said John, trying to cosy in the bed. “I need the covers.”
“The things I would like to do to you,” whispered John to Sherlock’s ear. The tentacle moved up Sherlock’s belly, reached his nipple and curled tightly around it. Sherlock bucked up.
John looked like he wanted to argue, but eventually he sighed and stood up. They went out and John followed without a question, still lost in his reminiscence.
“That was a good thing you did there, Sherlock,” said John once they closed the door behind them.
“It’s entirely your fault. You infected me with compassion.” Sherlock’s tone was appreciative.
“Can’t bring myself to regret it,” teased John.
“A health resort. A SPA, if you may. I want you to go there and check the lead,” Mycroft patiently repeated after John asked him to. “We’ve been reliably informed that the information leaks come from somebody working there.”
“Is it my turn to be mad at you for being too happy?” asked John, though his smile matched Sherlock’s.
He couldn’t stay there long, though, unless he wanted to deal with some nymph or satyr that were bound to show up any moment. Sherlock forced himself to stand up on still wobbly legs and go back to the forest, where no water creature could be able to observe him. He was played, fooled like a youngling, but at the same time, Sherlock found himself more intrigued than ever in his life. John was strong, smart and come from the depths of the lake - there was no way Sherlock wouldn’t come back, but for now, he wanted to keep his dignity and pretend he wasn’t desperate, so he went away in search of a secluded place for the night. He was barely fooling himself, though.
“I love you,” said Sherlock, looking John in the eyes. “I was certain my pathetic pinning was obvious.”
“Really? Wow, who would have thought?” John looked around. “I’m just glad they were on time.”
Out the corner of his eyes, John saw Sherlock walking away from the reception and trotted after him towards their rooms.
Sherlock took a good look at the creature. “What are you?” he finally asked.
That was an understatement so absurd, Sherlock didn’t even acknowledge it. It was John’s turn to roll his eyes.
Content.
“Wait,” Sherlock’s voice came out strangled, and he coughed. “Please.”
“What are you trying to say?”
Sherlock stood a little straighter, his face appeared more composed. No permanent damage done due to the slip up, then.
Sherlock didn’t have to think for an answer. The underwater of the lake was vast and contained many secrets, but so far, the most interesting and worthy one was right in front of him.
They stayed for a bit in a companionable silence, Sherlock staring at the ceiling and John staring at him.
This simply wouldn’t do. Nobody commanded Sherlock, he was his own man, free to wander wherever he wished. Sherlock would never bow to somebody's bidding, not even the creature’s as exciting as the one from the depth of the lake. Sherlock huffed an annoyed breath to solidify his resolve, and strolled back to the forest, without any intention to come back to the lake any time soon.
“It’s in a SPA, Sherlock!” retorted John, while Mycroft watched them as if it was a tennis match.
John finally caught up with the events.
“You’re amazing,” whispered John, while Sherlock tattered on the edge, unable to tip over, “I don’t ever want to stop. But like I said, I need to you to return to the lake because of me.”
“Remember the Clipperton case?” asked Sherlock.
“You were your usual self,” answered Sherlock as they walked out of the room and down the long corridor. It was still quiet, too early for patrons and staff to be up. They stopped in front of one of the rooms, and Sherlock shushed John, when he tried to ask something. They didn’t have to wait long – Mycroft arrived with a couple of men behind him, nodded for John, and knocked on the door. Nothing happened and Mycroft knocked again. They had to wait some more until the door finally opened. Jane stood behind them, looking more scared than surprised when she saw the group of them.
“Who was it?” asked John while hopping on one leg, trying to put his jeans on.
“Asexual, then?”
“Do you trust me?” asked John and Sherlock merely rolled his eyes in response. Sherlock came to the tree and let himself be dragged into the water, surely the answer was obvious enough?
“Closeted gay,” mumbled Sherlock about the contestant who kept gushing about his girlfriend. John snorted.
“God, I’m an idiot,” Sherlock breathed out and the next moment, John found himself being kissed within the inch of his life.
“Wanker,” teased John, but he was still smiling. The hands tightened around his waist until their bellies and chest were flush together. Sherlock’s own hands cradled John’s shoulders, fingertips tracing the smaller and bigger scars that adorned John’s skin. They were nose to nose and though Sherlock knew where this was heading, the kiss was still a bit of a surprise.
“Not at all,” answered Sherlock. “And yet, I can’t find any other explanation.”
By all accounts, John should have hated Sherlock. Maybe not really hated, but at least be annoyed by Sherlock’s rudeness, self-absorbance and an ability to make their flat inhabitable with his vile experiments. Just yesterday, John came back from a very difficult workday to find Sherlock slumped on the sofa and all their mugs and bowls, which were clearly intended for food and food only, filled with sewage water. With bits floating. It made John gag just thinking about it. Sherlock only threw “experiment” as an excuse, as if that was supposed to justify soiling their dishes. John was still mad, but at the same time, it was just Sherlock being Sherlock. John wouldn’t want him to be anything else. John liked Sherlock just like that, and there was the heart of the problem – John liked Sherlock a little too much. In fact, John liked Sherlock so much, that the things he wanted to do to Sherlock were dirtier than that sewage water, so honestly, John had no moral high ground to stand on, and so he tried to hide in the clinic, pretending that he was needed there more than he really was.
“I hope you will let me,” continued John, in the same breathless whisper that tickled Sherlock’s ear and made him yearn for more. “I need your permission, Sherlock.”
“I like this place so much, and Kristen became such a good friend,” said Jane and smiled at the other woman.
Sherlock closed his eyes again. John kept glancing at Sherlock, but the detective stayed still, occasionally licking the gathered steam from his lips. John never saw Sherlock so relaxed during a case and he started wondering if Sherlock simply gave up, because the place forced one to loosen up and disconnect from worries. They stayed in the baths for a long time, enjoying the humid heat, and John’s mind slowly cleared of thoughts. Afterwards they had a light lunch and John decided to take a walk outside, since the weather finally allowed it. Sherlock said he had some thinking to do, so John went alone.
“Are you saying, that if I was so inclined, you would be willing to consider a relationship,” Sherlock looked away for a moment. “With me.”
“Because you slept through the night,” John told him, amused.
It was getting dark. John had enough sense to close the curtains before leaving, and as soon as the sun began descending, the flat was submerged in long grey shadows. John was often thoughtful like that, catering to Sherlock’s whims and wishes, though there was little he could offer in return. Hopefully, John would find himself a date for the evening, or go for a pint with friends, or do any of the activities normal people did, so Sherlock could willow in his misery undisturbed. Until now, John managed to suffer through Sherlock’s moods without much fuss, and Sherlock dreaded for the time when it would finally be enough for John and he would either demand for Sherlock to snap out of it, or move out himself. Quite possibly both – people often left, even the ones who seemed promising at first. It was one more proof that Sherlock deserved to suffer and there was no point in fighting it. It was only rational – Sherlock was not a valuable member of society and thus he didn’t feel like one, therefore, getting better was not an option. He already got enough handouts – an occupation to entertain himself with, sufficient resources and, unlikely as it was, John as friend. John already stayed far longer than Sherlock predicted, though Sherlock had to admit he hoped that John would continue to stay. Hope was not in any way rational, not in this case, when all the evidence from the past proved the contrary. The familiar knot of anxiety rose in Sherlock’s stomach and he did his best to will it down – he survived in the past, and he will survive this one, worrying won’t change anything, so why think about it? Sherlock sighed deeply. It was about all the effort he could spare in terms of movement, so he remained on the sofa, in a state between wakefulness and dozing. He couldn’t tell how much time has passed, but he didn’t really care.
The first thing Sherlock saw was John, sitting in his chair in front of Sherlock. John was relaxed, leaning on the arm of his chair, supporting his head with one hand, and his soft gaze fixed on Sherlock, a gentle smile on his lips. Sherlock had no idea how long they sat like this.
“I’ve solved the case. Hurry up and dress, we’ll arrest the spy.”
The problem was, John had no bloody idea were that was.
Sherlock was nowhere to be found, so John went for a swim. The pool was his favourite part of the physical therapy while he was recovering and he managed a decent stroke despite his shoulder. Lap after lap of rhythmic moves calmed him down and he forgot about the yoga class before he climbed out of the pool for a rest.
“A few years,” replied John, not even bothering to deny the implication. Sherlock didn’t even hear it, scanning the surroundings and observing the staff. John noticed nothing out of the ordinary, but then, he barely ever did.
“Tell me, what else have you figured out?”, asked John and licked the underside of Sherlocks ear. Sherlock could barely speak.
“Acceptable. The masseur has nothing to do with anything. The instructor?”
“What’s the plan for today?” asked John.
“Oh yes, silly me. Anyway, your children have no ground to complain, I have always said that.”
They fell in to the bed with their clothes still on. John wanted to undress Sherlock, to finally get his hands and lips on naked skin, but at the same time, he was afraid to, afraid of hurting Sherlock and making him change his mind. At least, there wasn’t much to be self-conscious about, as they both already saw each other undressed, though admittedly, never in such a state. Buttons refused to open, zippers stuck, but at least some of the hastiness dissipated a little and when finally clothes were rid of, John could spare a few thoughts of how he wanted to go with this. If previous attempts were disappointing for Sherlock, this one had to be different. John tried to pour all his feelings in to the touches and caresses, to take care of Sherlock the way nobody did before. He was trying so hard, it took him a moment to notice that Sherlock was barely responding. John lifted his head from the spot on Sherlock’s chest he was kissing and looked at Sherlock’s face. Sherlock was lying with his eyes firmly shut, a bit too rigid for someone who was supposed to be having the best night of his life. John would have backed off completely, but he was afraid that Sherlock would feel rejected, so he just gently caressed Sherlock’s cheekbone, waiting for him to open his eyes.
“It’s not very wifely to steal your husband’s business secrets,” said Mycroft as he settled in an armchair. Jane sat in front of him and the rest of them remained standing.
“Hello, Mrs Dhawan, how are you?” John allowed to be taken to the table and seated, with a lot of fussing about.
“Yes. That. Do tell me.” It was definitely too warm, he will have to have a word with Mrs Hudson. And maybe John was right to nag him about labelling things in the fridge.
“What the hell is going on with you? Why are you so damn happy?”
“Your next patient is here, Dr Watson.”
“So you sold your nation to a foreign spy?”
“Mind what?”
Sherlock was trying to rip John’s clothes off, but John didn’t let him, compensating the restraint with murmurs of praise and affection, telling Sherlock things he wouldn’t probably dare say outside the confines of the bedroom. John undressed Sherlock slowly, kissing and caressing every bit of revealed skin and finally Sherlock relented to the rhythm. John didn’t forget he was asked to show what he felt for Sherlock and he was intent on doing just that.
He must have demanded that out loud, because more tentacles joined in touching Sherlock. A tentacle curled around his one of his nipples and gently pinched it, while John licked and sucked the other. Sherlock felt caresses on the underside of his knees, barely there tickles on his toes and rhythmic curls on his stomach, but the most pleasure come from the tentacle than glided up and down his fully erect cock, while three of the tentacles crawled up Sherlock’s neck and caressed his cheek. Sherlock turned his head and licked the tip of the closest one, feeling it move on his tongue. He enjoyed the taste and texture, and the gasp that he heard from John filled him with deep satisfaction. The tentacle on his buttocks went from teasing to insistent as it reached Sherlock’s opening, and Sherlock tried to push down on it, but John still didn’t let him.
“Welcome,” said John, when Sherlock surfaced and moved the wet hair out of his face. It took all of Sherlock’s strength to paddle enough to keep above the water, and he still had to stretch his neck to prevent water from coming up his mouth and nose, but John didn’t let him struggle for long. Sherlock felt strong arms circling his waist and tentacles around his legs. John was able to support them both by barely moving.
“And?” John murmured at the offering.
Sherlock waited for Mrs Dhawan to go away. “You were so sad that you couldn’t save the boy’s hand, and they are just happy that their son is alive,” Sherlock told John.
Sherlock looked at John so ridiculously affronted, that John started to laugh. It didn’t take long for Sherlock to huff a laugh as well.
“Your scars,” answered Sherlock, watching the tentacles twisting and turning leisurely, inching closer and closer towards Sherlock’s feet. “And your muscles,” added Sherlock as an afterthought.
“I am very well, doctor, thank you,” the woman was bringing their menus and rushing the girls who waited the tables simultaneously. In Sherlock’s opinion, John should have been treated with this level of respect in every place he showed up.
“Really? Would you prefer me to be miserable?”
“Kristen is being transported to a secure facility as we speak,” said Mycroft. “Even if your husband did anything illegal, Kristen had no means to do anything– she is an industrial spy from Germany.”
“Sort of,” said Sherlock.
The tentacle kept creeping up Sherlock’s leg and the others joined in, prodding and poking Sherlock in random places. Though wet and slippery, they weren’t completely smooth, with just enough friction on skin to make the sensation pleasurable. One tentacle brushed the underside of Sherlock’s knee and he willingly let it lift his leg a little to give it better access. Their undulations were maddeningly slow, and Sherlock grew impatient with want for them to go higher. With every inch they crept up, they stocked the heat in Sherlock’s belly. Sherlock didn’t look John in the face, mesmerized with the movement of the tentacles on his body. Three of the tentacles now covered Sherlock’s legs, caressing, squeezing and poking, inching up little by little, their movements random and unpredictable. Sherlock’s skin broke in goosebumps. The tentacle brushed the inside of his thigh. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat. If he wanted before, now it turned in to a yearning, and there was no hiding it, because his cock was plumping up, halfway to fully erect already. Sherlock was not about to obscure it, in fact, he hoped John was watching, though Sherlock couldn’t turn his eyes away from the tentacles to confirm it. The agony of their slowness was the most delicious thing Sherlock had ever tasted.
“Just a little.”
Twice.
anything, nearly from the moment they met.
“I couldn’t just leave him there,” shrugged John and they went on, approaching the place Sherlock intended taking them to.
After breakfast, John and Sherlock went to the Turkish baths. John watched Sherlock relax in the steamy room. Just transport, my ass, though John. Sherlock was clearly enjoying himself and John added the baths as something he might suggest during one of Sherlock’s moods, if there were decent and less expensive ones back in London.
John floated in the high so strong, he barely felt Sherlock still moving, but he was unable to properly respond. Finally, Sherlock went rigid, and the look on his face was worth all those years of waiting. Sherlock relaxed and John closed his eyes for a moment, and when he opened them again, Sherlock was deeply asleep, slumped on John’s shoulder, out like a light. John caressed Sherlock’s naked shoulder, relaxing himself and settling for sleep, but it wasn’t as quick to come. There were too many emotions bubbling in his chest.
“Hello,” said Sherlock, flickering drops of water from his fingers. “Was that really necessary?”
Until he opened the fridge.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathed out before John finished his sentence. One of the tentacles finally touched Sherlock’s cock.
Back in their flat, they were mostly silent until they climbed in to their bed and turned the lights off.
They ate, and though John still looked remorseful, his posture showed less of despair by the time the evening ended.
“Still. Care for a back rub?”
And then Mycroft said some magic words.
When John went in to his room, Sherlock wandered in behind him, looked around and went out without a word, only to reappear a moment later through the connecting door, roll his eyes and shut those as well. They had adjoining rooms then. John wandered if it was a coincidence, or Mycroft arranged for that, and what it meant, if he did. Most probably, Mycroft expected John to rein Sherlock in, as the detective was so reluctant to take this case.
Sherlock and caressing him in an offer of comfort. Sherlock might be dismissive of bodily pleasures, but that didn’t mean there was a reason for him to suffer, especially in what was supposed to be an expression of desire and attraction. Sherlock glanced at John and once again denied the assumptions.
“I’m not afraid,” Sherlock tried to scoff and failed miserably. John couldn’t bear to look at the raw emotions on Sherlock’s face, so he grabbed Sherlock’s shirt, pulled him closer and rested his forehead on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock not only didn’t push him away, he hugged him loosely, caressing his back.
“Alright, alright,” John looked back at Sherlock, who looked impatient, hungry, eyes roaming about John’s face, but hazed, without their usual focus. Being in the centre of such need robbed away all the ideas of taking it slow.
“You were wondering about Turkish baths in London. I’ve been to a good place, and you’re welcome to join next time.”
“I’m ashamed of what I’ve done, but in my defence, I did my best to not give away too much. Just enough to give her an impression I was working for her, until I found the solution.”
“A child,” replied John, rubbing his face. Sherlock didn’t know the details, but he understood enough. John’s practice meant he rarely had to deal with deaths of his patients, but injuries and terminal illnesses still existed, and even John Watson couldn’t save everyone. Something had to be done, before John plunged into self-blame and hopelessness that would last for days.
“I didn’t meant to. Kristen approached me here, a year ago and convinced me my husband was doing something illegal,” Jane managed a sad grin. “I became worried and gave Kristen financial data from my husband’s home computer. Mostly it was old or public, but there were some confidential documents.”
“No. I don’t think I can.”
Sherlock looked at his reflection. There he was, the most exceptional thing in creation, yet he was wasting away. He already solved all the riddles and deduced all the love triangles, explored all the mysteries and visited all the forbidden places. The only place he had no knowledge of was the underwater of the lake. It guarded its secrets well, so Sherlock had to be content with rumours and myths. Certainly, none of them had any grain of truth in them. The dark water gave only the reflection of the things above, and yet, Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes of it.
“There’s nothing to investigate if one of your minions lost an USB flash on his way to Jacuzzi,” growled Sherlock, folding tighter in to his gown. Witch he probably wore for a third day straight.
John drove himself to exhaustion. He wasn’t thinking clearly anymore, and his temper was shorter than ever. At this rate, he might strangle Sherlock before even having a chance to find out if Sherlock would terribly mind being kissed. The cases usually provided a welcome reprieve, allowing him to safely indulge in admiring Sherlock, without giving away the depth of the feeling. Sherlock on a case was safe to be next to, but a caseless detective was a dangerous creature, nosy and scrutinising, too curious about the details John would have liked to keep hidden. John marched towards Baker Street and ruminated about all the ways Sherlock made the situation worse. It seemed that the more time John tried to stay away, the less considerate Sherlock became, always demanding attention, always standing in the middle of John’s path, always probing, deducing and observing, never leaving John a chance to gather his thoughts. It was less like living with a first class detective and more like with a toddler left at daycare for a first time.
“Why is it already morning?” asked Sherlock the moment he woke up.
“What the hell is going on?” spat Sherlock, cornering John.
“Why? Anything wrong with the rooms?”
Surprisingly, Sherlock fell asleep fast enough. John was already out when he finally got up, and Sherlock wandered about in the flat, being unable to decide what he should do next. The despair from yesterday still lingered and it was hard to concentrate, but he had a little more energy, though it was hard to figure out where to use it. He started tidying up his old case files, but got bored quickly and left them in a bigger mess than before, and went to the kitchen to do a chemistry experiment, but discovered that John left him some more sandwiches and ate those instead. Sherlock decided to go through his notes, there were some ideas for experiments in there, but when he went to his room for his notebook, he forgot why he went there and nearly flopped back to bed in frustration.
There was something unfamiliar building up behind the excitement and curiosity that Sherlock felt. It took a while for Sherlock to name the feeling, because it was so new, but he finally realised what it was.
“Were you ever in one?”
“Utterly forgiven,” said John. “Just promise not to stop.”
A nurse opened the door again, followed in by a fragile looking old man. John straightened the lapels of his white coat, gestured for the patient to sit and set to work.
“I told you I was a software developer. I coded a discrete virus that transferred all her files to my server, including the physical location of her device. And then it should scramble all the files in her end.”
“Maybe,” said Sherlock and glanced at John with a soft smile on his lips. John’s heart soared – was Sherlock hinting that John was the one?
What didn’t change was Sherlock’s hatred towards his inability to fully control his mood. Darkness was creeping up on him, sticky and suffocating like tar, and the truly worthy case was only able to postpone it. Sherlock paced in the flat, trying to grasp to something interesting to distract him, but his will was weakening. John would have been able to think of something, but he wasn’t home yet. Sherlock concentrated all his efforts on waiting.
“My son is very well too!” the woman brightened up even more. “He’s such a smart boy! He recently learned how to tie the shoelaces and now he does it quicker than me using both of my hands!”
Fifteen or so minutes later Sherlock woke up in that unnerving way of his, fully alert the moment he opened his eyes.
Finally, there was no directionless longing, no uncertainty, no pull to seek the unnamed. Sherlock found his match and he was finally content. Even now John’s eyes had a twinkle that promised more games, more adventures and even more pleasure and the two of them together had endless possibilities to make life exciting. No more boredom. There was nothing stopping them from staying together for an eternity from now on.
John woke up with a start from a knock on the door and sat up straighter at his desk. A nurse peeked in.
This was a sort of happiness that should have lasted a lifetime. Sherlock was so confident in his ability to keep the promise it was especially hard when his dark mood hit him again. Ashamed that John’s love was not enough for stopping him from plundering into misery, Sherlock holed up in his room, but John had none of it. This time it was a bath together – Sherlock couldn’t say no to that, and as irrational as that was, water did dilute the blackness in Sherlock’s mind a little.
Mycroft raised a disbelieving eyebrow. Jane looked at him straight in the eyes.
“Why should I care about the rooms? The case, John, she’s new here and useless for the case!”
John swam closer and tickled Sherlock’s foot with his tentacle. Sherlock kicked the leg to splash John. They were both grinning like idiots and Sherlock once again felt the goosebumps on his skin, but he didn’t want to show his excitement too much. It was much more pleasant to let John take the lead, and John apparently read his thoughts, because he chose that moment to curl the tentacle around Sherlock’s ankle and yank him into the water.
Sherlock just rolled his eyes, grabbed John by the hand and tugged him towards bedroom so eagerly he tripped on his own feet.
It was almost midday when something huge forced out of the water, splashing the tree and Sherlock on it, reached the height of Sherlock’s face, twisted mid-air and dived gracefully in the water again. After a couple of breaths, John surfaced again.
The nurse nodded and closed the door again.
John stayed in bed for a little bit after Sherlock left, and stretched contentedly in the luxurious sheets. So what if he was in love with a man who couldn’t return his feelings? Sherlock was special in many ways and he chose John for companionship, to share his work and his flat. They might not have a very conventional relationship and John was not sure it was even possible with Sherlock, but they had something. Sherlock made John feel butterflies in his stomach, even after all this time they lived together. Nobody made him feel this way before, not his first crushes as a teenager, not even the girl he dreamt about marrying before leaving for Afghanistan. John was not the one to read cheesy romance novels, but at the moment, he could have sworn every cliché had a grain of truth in it. Apparently, lanky annoying gits was what did it for him. Who would have thought?
Sherlock bit his lip, then smiled tentatively. “You promised to show me. Or are you already done with that?”
“Hi there,” said John.
“You have my overly sentimental brother to thank for this, Mrs Warstein, but I have a proposition for you. We the British government are reluctant to let the talent of the people go to waste if it can serve our great nation. If you would be so kind to join the team of IT specialists that defend Great Britain from cyber threats, maybe we will be able to arrange a less harsh punishment for you crime as well as some discretion,” Mycroft said this in a tone that made it clear Jane had very little choice in this, but she looked relieved and was nodding eagerly even before Mycroft finished.
“We’ll go,” said John, before Sherlock finished his eye roll.
Finally Sherlock gasped for air and John leaned back a little to look at him. Sherlock was dishevelled and wild, as if he was chasing criminals through the greater part of London.
John abruptly stopped in the middle of the street, barely registering the disgruntled apologies of the passers-by that bumped in to him. Did Sherlock act the way he did because he missed him? Sherlock was known to claim that he needed no one, but at the same time, John was always the exception. If there was a slightest chance of returned feelings, John would have liked to know that, but how to start asking, when the person in question was at the same time enigmatic, socially inept and a damn drama queen?
“I’m not the one who claims to be the world’s only consulting detective,” said John and cupped Sherlock’s cheek to prevent the defensive bristle. “And I love you too. I won’t ever stop telling you that. I want you be certain.”
The rational part of Sherlock’s mind knew that if he got up from the sofa and made himself do something, anything at all, eventually the heaviness would lift and little by little, he would regain his functionality, but right now, it simply wasn’t worth it. He was useless, pathetic, and weak, and he wrapped himself in the too familiar feelings like in a blanket. The only consulting detective in the world – the reason there weren’t more was that the world didn’t need any, and would get on just fine if Sherlock would cease to exist. In fact, ceasing to exist was such an inviting thought. Sherlock knew enough about various ways to die to know that there weren’t any neat one’s – death was messy, often painful, and required much more effort than he had to spare at the moment. Sherlock would have preferred wishing himself out of existence, the way he wished to wake up as a pirate when he was a child, but even his strong will was not enough for that.
“You didn’t,” he said and grabbed Sherlock by the shoulders, both steadying himself and preventing Sherlock from fleeting away. “You really didn’t know?”
John turned on the programme they watched a few days before, the one Sherlock enjoyed deducing the contestants in. The host tended to ask the contestants personal questions, so Sherlock could check if his deductions were right. He got about eight out of ten, not bad for something observed only through the screen. John called Sherlock amazing a lot that evening, it was a warm memory.
“Drug addict,” said Sherlock, while the man in the show went on about the strength of his faith in god. John gaped at him in disbelief.
“Stop, John, I didn’t mean anything like that. It’s just that my first time was horrible for both parties involved, mainly due to inexperience and lack of clear communication of expectations. And the subsequent ones were tedious, so I simply stopped bothering with the thing completely.”
“What happened?” asked Sherlock.
“Tea?” asked John during yet another commercial break.
And he vanished.
“Well, it isn’t exactly news to anyone, is it?” John huffed a laugh. “I know you don’t do this.”
Sherlock sighted again, and John expected the conversation to end, but after a moment, Sherlock answered.
“No, I provided a sympathetic woman with information so she could help my family. I didn’t expect it to go so out of hand.”
Sherlock focused on the couple near the water fountain. The two men were about the same age as John, clearly together. They were not obscene or overly PDA, like younger people newly in relationship tend to be, but their affection was obvious and genuine. Sherlock stared at them and John wondered, if it had something to do with the case, or was Sherlock just curious, maybe even jealous of their intimacy. Right now Sherlock had John as a friend and seemed content enough, but what if he started craving more and found somebody for himself? It was hard to imagine a person suitable for Sherlock that was not his clone. John wasn’t even sure about that hypothetical person’s gender, not to mention any other traits. John would have guessed Sherlock was gay, but maybe even Sherlock himself didn’t know that for sure. The two men that Sherlock observed, with their lingering looks and gentle caresses, left, and Sherlock relaxed once again.
“You know. Feelings. Relationships.” John’s mind supplied an image of Mycroft’s snarky face. “Sentiment.”
“They were trying too hard. They kept emphasizing how good friends they were, but none of the signs of real friendship were there. Jane showed a lot of signs of distress and mistrust and Kristen didn’t even know Jane had a daughter instead of a son – so I looked into Kristen’s background and it was a straight road from that.”
“Please, John,” begged Sherlock, yet the probing remained steady and careful, deeper and deeper with each thrust. The tentacle on Sherlock’s cock curled around more tightly and sped up the up and down glide, while Sherlock was being opened further. Sherlock caught the tip of a tentacle in his mouth again and started sucking. Apparently, John also had his limits, because he arched into Sherlock and the thrusts finally sped up. It wasn’t water that surrounded Sherlock anymore - it was John, his smell and taste, his grunts and gasps, and Sherlock wanted to drown in him while riding waves of pleasure higher and higher.
The moment John stepped in to the flat Sherlock understood something was wrong. John flopped down on the sofa without even removing his jacket.
“John, my dearest John,” Sherlock whispered above him and John whimpered. Sherlock’s hand was resting on John’s nape, and slowly it started creeping higher, fingers slipping in the short hair. Sherlock was careful, as if not sure if this was allowed and John would have laughed, if he had any sense in him at the moment – as if he could ever deny Sherlock
Despite reassuring himself, Sherlock still felt on the edge. He listened to every rustle of the reeds nearby, followed every ripple on the water surface and startled when a fish jumped out of the water. There was no shade there, and the bright sun shone right to his face, making him blink and rub his eyes. It was nothing compared to the tranquillity and comfort of lying on the tree. Sherlock was about to stand up and go away, but he bent down to wash his face before that. Just as he lowered his hands from his eyes, he saw a familiar face at his feet. The creature was lying on its stomach in the shallow water, head propped with its hands, tentacles lazily trailing behind it, as if it was there for hours, content to observe Sherlock’s miserable attempts to cool himself.
Sherlock was digging his heels until the very last minute, but John pretended he was about to go without him, and surprisingly, it did the trick. Despite Sherlock‘s sulking, John felt quite optimistic in the train. He took a few days off and welcomed the familiar excitement of the case, though this one promised to be more Sherlock insulting the staff of the SPA than chasing someone all over shady alleys. Halfway through the journey John opened the file to occupy himself, and Sherlock snatched it from his hands. The great detective was not so indifferent to the case after all.
“Right. What do you want me to do?”
The experiment was supposed to be simple. Pick some variables, change them, record John’s reaction and repeat until some definite conclusion can be made. Sherlock did it a million times before. The problem was, a baseline was needed for the experiment to be meaningful and for some reason, John was uncharacteristically uncooperative. Day after day John exhibited signs of elevated mood, and Sherlock kept postponing the experiment. At first, it was irritating, then Sherlock became frustrated, and when two weeks nearly passed, he became anxious. John’s happiness was not the only problem. Even bigger issue was the fact that Sherlock had no idea what caused it and no amount of observation led to a satisfactory deduction. John’s mood was similar to the times he had a requited romantic interest, but he didn’t go out for dates or brought anyone home. There could be something about John’s job, but he kept complaining about it as per usual, and took no extra shifts. There was always a chance Sherlock missed some sports event that John enjoyed watching, but even after the biggest victories the effects didn’t last that long. Something that Sherlock hadn’t accounted for made John positively beaming and it drove Sherlock mad. Though it wasn’t intentional, the irritation reflected on Sherlock behaviour, but even when John snapped and scolded Sherlock for being obnoxious, a sort of playfulness seeped into John’s features. Sherlock’s thoughts kept going in circles, but there simply was no explanation. Even Mrs Hudson noticed John’s cheerfulness and Sherlock nearly bit her head off for daring to suggest that John was extra chirpy that day. Something had to be done.
It wasn't worth the effort.
“No. Why would I?” answered Sherlock with a put upon sight, as he tended to do, when John asked of such things. At least he answered, so John probed further.
Sherlock grinned back. Of course, he did.
“John,” said Sherlock.
“I am not asexual by the most accepted definition of the term. I just don’t have a pleasant experience with it.”
That did it. John went beetroot red and rushed to his room with a mumbled excuse about needing to pack. He folded his shirts and collected his toiletries, his mind buzzing with the need to figure out the next step. They should sit down and talk openly, tell each other their expectations, but John knew this was never happening. They would have done it long time ago ago, if they were capable. He could just march in to Sherlock’s room, take him in his arms and kiss him, but he risked a punch to the jaw and an end to the most important friendship John had in his life. There was always a chance he just interpreted things the way he wanted to and Sherlock was just friendlier because he was less stressed out. John stood with a ball of dirty socks in his hands, lost in thought, until Sherlock came in to ask if he was ready to go. John nodded, threw the socks in the luggage and went out after Sherlock.
Sherlock was special after all. He was the only one in the world, or at least the part of it he could easily reach by walking, which basically meant the same thing. The forest was full of life, brimming with animals, nymphs, satyrs and centaurs, but Sherlock had yet to meet anyone who could resemble himself even the slightest. The other creatures were simpletons, needy and eager, always playing games that were so boring Sherlock didn’t ever bother to acknowledge them. Sherlock was reduced to spending his time alone, looking at his image on the water and wondering if there was a purpose of him being the way he was, with a mind that could solve the trickiest riddles and a heart that yearned for something even Sherlock couldn’t name.
“Yes, please,” answered Sherlock and sat up. His head was still too heavy, so he rested it on the back on the sofa, until John came back with two mugs. They sipped the tea, watched the show, and Sherlock offered a deduction here and there, though not as many as he usually did. It only was worth the effort because John reacted with surprise and amusement.
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes,” said John, simple as that, and Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat. John stated this profound fact with such calm conviction, Sherlock had no choice but to believe him. He tried to reply with something poetic, elaborate and meaningful, to match the gravity of the statement.
A shadow passed in the water below. Sherlock quickly retrieved his hand. The shadow passed again, closer this time. Sherlock felt his heart pounding and he held his breath, waiting for the creature to appear again. It took its time, but when it did, it finally breached the surface. Sherlock saw a face which winked and disappeared under water again, then, as a creature dived backwards, a glimpse of a smooth white stomach and a bundle of thick, black tentacles. Sherlock sat back, affronted. Something dared to wink at him, some mystery inhabitant of the lake that he had never seen before. As much as Sherlock despised others, he also wanted to take a better look at the creature, to figure out what exactly it was. Sherlock stretched his neck to peek over the trunk of the tree, and just under it, there it was – the creature, lazily bobbing on the water surface, hands behind its head, one of the tentacles around the branch preventing it from drifting away. Sherlock was surprised to find himself wanting to touch the mysterious appendices. They looked firm and smooth, and Sherlock wanted to find out if they truly were.
“You will have to figure that out,” said the creature.
At first, Sherlock ignored the show, but his curiosity got the better of him and he turned around. Too tired for deducing, he simply stared at the T.V., catching a detail here and there.
“I know,” answered Sherlock after some time. “But I would prefer to have the whole package if it ever came to that.”
“Stop fishing for compliments, John, you know the answer perfectly well.”
The white and yellow flowers that sprouted on the path towards the tree that Sherlock used to frequent were a coincidence. Nymphs were quite fond of them.
John stared back at Sherlock, unable to utter any of the million thoughts that rushed through his mind. John lived with the most brilliant man there was and yet, both of them somehow managed to miss something that was right in front of their noses.
“Mingle about and take part in some of the so called rejuvenating activities that this place offers. Observe the staff,” said Sherlock, hanging up his spare shirts and trousers.
“I’m fine John,” said Sherlock. “There’s no need to subject some poor quack to the horrors of my subconscious.” John rolled his eyes, but let it go for a while.
Sherlock went to his room to change. One of the reasons he was so meticulous about his wardrobe was moments like these – he grabbed a random outfit without thinking too much, confident that he will look decent enough. This was urgent.
“Don’t you dare say anything about taking it slow!” Sherlock looked dead serious, ready to fight whatever statement John came up with.
“Oh, this is wonderful,” whispered John.
“Wouldn’t be the worst way to go,” replied Sherlock, equally disoriented.
The train home was constantly full, people moving about. Sherlock entertained John with deductions, and complained about the awful sandwiches, but there were also shy glances and bit more restlessness than usual. The need to do something was becoming more intense the closer they were to home, but John didn‘t dare anything with so many people around, not even asking a proper question.
At home, Sherlock was not on sulking the sofa, which could have been a good sign, if it wasn’t for Mycroft, who was sitting opposite Sherlock in John’s armchair. They were clearly in some disagreement. A thick manila envelope was lying on a table between them, so it must be some case Mycroft was trying to persuade Sherlock to take. John usually took Sherlock’s side in these arguments, but Sherlock needed a case and John wanted a distraction, so he went in with a more open mind than usual.
The breakfast was self-served and people were mingling about, chatting and being friendly. The policy worked – most people were in groups, and tables for six were mostly full. John met the women from yesterday and they invited him to join at their table, which John gladly accepted, despite the eye roll from Sherlock.
“Wake up, John, Mycroft is here.”
Sherlock snapped out of his near sleeping state when he heard the door open. John was home. He was early – no pints or dates then. Pity. The flat filled with sounds of John moving about, and on one hand, they were familiar and comforting, but on the other, Sherlock could nearly see the disapproving shake of John’s head when he glanced in the direction of the living room sofa, where Sherlock was still in the same position John left him in the morning. John would change, start dinner and would ask if Sherlock wanted any. Sherlock would not answer, so John would eat his meal alone, and would either go out for the evening somewhere more cheerful, or would do something boring that didn’t require being in the living room. If Sherlock was lucky, this would not be the day when John decided enough was enough. There was some clatter in the kitchen and Sherlock tensed in waiting.
“So did you two meet here?” John asked the women when they sat down with their scrambled eggs and coffee.
John had to get a grip of himself. He was exhausted, taking more shifts than he could possibly manage and the worst part was that he did this to himself. It was stupid, how badly he handled the situation, and yet, he couldn’t think of a way to make it better. John did not want to go home, not yet. Home was a place where Sherlock was, John’s flatmate and best friend.
Next morning, Sherlock went straight to the tree. He went back because of John, and Sherlock wanted John to know that. As Sherlock sat on the tree trunk, feet lowered to the water, he savoured the anticipation. Sherlock knew that John would take his time, this was how this game worked, but that didn’t stop Sherlock from coming here with the first rays of the morning sun.
John woke up from one of his nightmares again. They were much milder now, less shocking, mostly making him reminiscence the army days. He stayed in bed thinking about the horrors of the battlefield, comradery with fellow soldiers, the conflict between the pointlessness of the war and the steady sense of his own purpose. The time after his discharge was the worst, but it was distant now. The suffocating greyness, the lack of meaning in his days, the shame of becoming a burden – he was certain he felt all of it then, but he didn’t remember the feelings, only the words he used to describe them. Sherlock did such a thorough job of stripping it all away. It was unbelievable, how radically John’s life changed and how alive he was now, when he had adventures, excitement and Sherlock. Getting up and going through his morning routine, John’s thought’s kept coming back to the man, to the joy of being allowed to love and admire the genius, and even if Sherlock could not return his feelings, just being his friend was more than enough.
“It must be the massage,” said Sherlock contemplatively.
“Mm? What?”
“They wouldn’t have been, if it wasn’t for you insisting on taking care of that homeless man.”
That was more than Sherlock had ever offered about himself. It explained a lot, but it still baffled John, that somebody had a chance of intimacy with Sherlock, the most remarkable human there was, and made the experience unpleasant. If Sherlock allowed to, he should be cherished and cared for, and somebody had that chance and didn’t take it. It was a sad thought, especially since John could do nothing about that.
“What?” John was still angry, but it slowly gave way to concern. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock stretched out his legs once again. The creature in front of him was powerful, and obviously dangerous, but there was nothing menacing about it at the moment. It didn’t look as if it was about to make Sherlock do something he didn’t want. Might as well enjoy the encounter then. At least the creature was interesting.
“No,” John grinned. “But you liked it.”
“You won’t,” gasped Sherlock, dizzy with want, “I trust you.”
“So you don’t mind then?” asked Sherlock.
That night, John woke up from a loud noise. Sherlock was standing in his room, the adjoining door wide open.
This wasn't Sherlock. Not really.
And anyway.
221 B Baker Street.
He was lying on the bottom steps of the stairs. John checked a few things and then said:
"Of course. How could I say no?"
When something like this happens, my subconscious has a good reason for it.
She looked from John to Sherlock.
And off we both stormed down the stairs.
So I had him on an unexpected but very welcome hook and the game promised to be even better than I had hoped.
Someone very close to Sherlock was Moriarty ... and no one could tell if it was actually a man .... !
He waved me over to the bench.
"But Molly?!" groaned Lestrade. "I can't believe it!"
And his gaze rested on me with a certain intensity - if I hadn't known better, I would have thought he was jealous.
Finally he began to cry. He cried bitterly and miserably. His eyes burned, the blood pounded in his veins, his heart ached. But this flood of tears seemed to bring him a little out of his rigidity. When the tears dried up, he felt a little better.
Well, John had to admit that was true. And yet.
And it was clear, perfectly clear, that Sherlock was clearly interested in me. Despite all his words to the contrary.
"You said we'd probably fight more often."
I needed sex.
As best he can deduce, he's as clumsy as a baby when it comes to emotions.
I smirked. "Yes, I did."
All I knew was that my people had picked her up at random in a supermarket car park.
"... I will swallow the capsule you did not choose ... we will simultaneously ..."
John was horrified by the fact, and deep inside him still lurked a little bit of fear that he himself had been responsible for it.
John swallowed.
I went to the window.
I hate that Sherlock fucks other people. Him thinking I've done the same when I've been faithful to him all this time.
He was simply gone, and Moriarty could not find out where he was.
I was on the verge of trembling with excitement on the inside while remaining calm on the outside. It was once again a very crucial moment. Would Sherlock take me with him? I didn't want to impose, that wouldn't have helped the cause.
Molly snorted contemptuously.
I'd been in love with him for a few years, after all.
"Sherlock? Bloody hell Sherlock, is it really you?"
Lestrade stood up.
"It's okay," I said, "you don't have to explain the process so objectively... even though you make it sound sexy."
John was still trembling with anger and grief at the door of the Baker Street flat. How relieved he was that Mrs. Hudson was not here. He simply would not have known how to face her. His suspicion of her was almost killing him and he felt awful.
Sherlock surprised me again.
No reply. Well, anyway.
Moriarty smiled and turned back to the corpse lying here, naked, pale, waiting for further attention.
John, who had been silent for the last few minutes, stepped to his side.
"What was that all about? Why is the man doing this?"
"Rubbish," snapped Sherlock.
Of course I knew where the flat was. Of course I did. But John Watson wouldn't know and he would definitely find such a thing problematic, so I huffed.
"Why would you give me a clue?" asked Sherlock.
All the things he had gathered there about the suspected Moriarty applied to Molly.
"John, pull yourself together.“
I have no idea how to deal with all this.
He was glad that "Sherlock" was currently not present.
"Yes, I suppose I did," I giggled.
A shot with a handgun at that range requires a steady hand and a lot of experience.
The door from the corridor into the lab opened and Molly strolled in.
I took a breath.
Not that I doubted it for a second, after all, this is me we're talking about, Moriarty, the most intelligent man on the entire planet.
"However, with Lestrade's help, I think my brother has gradually become more open-minded. In fact, Mycroft is about to discover the joys of the whip..."
"Okay, Greg.“
Anyway, the whole thing seemed to work and so I said quite casually after breakfast:
Secondly - my head began to buzz, He had developed first feelings of lust! Hurray! So it went on!
The thing was, I wouldn't have minded ending up in bed with Sherlock tonight, playing "relationship". The thought of faking a passionate relationship that even fooled the partner in the relationship and would involve a lot of sex for my pleasure appealed to me immensely.
"Sherlock, I know you mean well. But please, just leave it to me, who I get into bed with and who I don't, OK?"
And the last case, well... I wanted him to see that I, his much-cherished flatmate John Watson, was Moriarty. I wanted him to see it, but would he? Would his mind prevail, his cold calculating mind, or would his heart cloud his senses. This heart that he still claimed he did not possess?
Several others who know they work for Moriarty but have never seen my face. No, that's wrong; many of them have seen it, only not knowing that they were looking into J. Moriarty's eyes at that moment.
Moriarty.
"So what do we do now?" asked John.
And it would contain precise instructions as to what Mike had to do.
Sure, this was Moriarty, the woman who had taken so many other lives. Who had caused so much unspeakable suffering. The woman who had committed so many crimes.
He couldn't... He wasn't allowed to... I had to do something!
She had learned all the details...
I leaned over and kissed him softly.
Remembering such a number of consecutive characters was no problem for my brain.
"THE NAME!!!"
"There was never anything left in writing. This time there is. Sherlock, are you going to help us?"
Then Sherlock pressed.
"This is for you, freak!"
I had been approached by several foreign powers with the task of obtaining these plans. So far I had not been able to find any approach, any weakness.
First, his mobile phone rang. He picked it up and had a completely distraught, sobbing Mrs. Hudson on the line.
Anyway.
Sherlock laughed.
The next murder was a trivial matter and I actually instigated it for two reasons: firstly, because I wanted to leave Sherlock a few more clues.
"I understand," John said. He understood Sherlock. Still, it hurt.
So, what now?
Stamford ... well, he, too, if you didn't get hung up on Mrs Hudson, was in the suspect pool. So no.
"Sherlock," I said slowly and insistently.
His hands went under my T-shirt and began to gently caress my skin. Then he pulled my shirt off and threw it to the floor.
And in the next moment I realised what he meant by that.
It was only to take a few minutes before I realized that I had been thoroughly mistaken in this assessment.
And yet, it just all seemed to fit. Molly Moriarty.
She pulled herself together.
But I didn't want to.
So I could comfortably enjoy the last phase of this case.
Before leaving the house, he called out to his landlady:
"Do you intend to deepen your collaboration with Sherlock Holmes?"
He was tight as a spring and wouldn't keep me waiting long.
"I won't say anything ..."
Should she shed tears? Or was it too soon? Well, a moment perhaps ...
I drank a tiny sip of champagne from the hollow of his neck.
"Oh, yes, I do," I said, "planning a cosy evening at home tonight. With my sweetheart on the sofa. Maybe a good film, if you fancy it. And Chinese food. Or maybe pizza?"
I got in.
The flat was full of police. Lestrade was furious that Sherlock had just walked away from the scene of the crime and not told him about what was on his mind. So he had arranged for a drugs bust.
A voice that was well known.
On his belly I had arranged grapes and strawberries, which I nibbled down little by little.
Everyday life with Sherlock Holmes was not really easy.
"Have a seat, Dr Watson. Please. I've got some coffee."
"Sherlock, can I help you? Has something happened? Has someone hurt you?"
If not ... well, I'm fickle.
I grinned broadly and kissed him.
"Make me proud and show me what you can do, princess!"
Every now and then, visitors came to the Baker Street flat. First of all, Mrs Hudson. She had simply wanted to check on him. However, after he had once shouted loudly at her, completely against his habit (he had apologised immediately afterwards...), she had got into the habit of knocking and announcing herself and no longer just barging in on him.
“Sherlock, you know I love you, but I swear to god, if I ever see another head in the fridge, I will burn your precious coat!” John smashed the fridge door closed and turned to his flatmate. He expected to see Sherlock exactly where he left him, focused at the microscope, pretending not having heard anything, betrayed by just a hint of a guilty smirk, but only if John was creative enough with his threats.
“John,” the creature answered, and crawled up, until his face was at Sherlock’s hip. “How did you know I was a soldier?”
Jane looked a bit uncomfortable for a moment. John liked Jane – she was smart and elegant, while Kristen was disagreeable for some inexplicable reason. It was like she was trying too hard to be friendly, but maybe John was just too accustomed dealing with extreme introverts.
“Rubbing it in my face? Bit not good.”
“That’s exactly what I said to Francis the other day! I said – if you’re allowed to have sleepovers, I’m allowed my SPA weekends,” agreed Jane.
“Are you here to tell me to keep away from the lake?”
“He will never forgive me, will he?” said Jane, looking genuinely distressed. John expected to catch a hard criminal, a seasoned spy able to blend in and snatch important documents from carelessly left laptops, not a housewife who was barely keeping from sobbing.
“Sorry,” Sherlock looked regretful, “My head, I sometimes…” Sherlock waved vaguely.
Sherlock was already there, lying on a sunbed, still glistening with the massage oil, nearly ethereal in a white fluffy robe. John took a few moments to absorb the sight of him like that, grateful for the physical exhaustion of the exercises and swimming.
“It’s barely a four, John!” whined Sherlock.
“Sherlock,” whispered John and moved closer. “It’s only me. You don’t have to be afraid of me.”
“Good thing you have a doctor in the house, then.”
John was dazed all the way home, and even when he climbed out of the taxi in front of their door. Sherlock, as always, fled the taxi first, leaving John to pay and the familiarity of it was reassuring. Still, going in to the flat was a daunting task.
Sherlock scooted closer and John began caressing Sherlock’s back. At first, it was random and unpredictable, but soon it would settle in to a pattern that would became slower and slower until John fell asleep. It helped Sherlock relax too, and the best thing was he could ask John for that anytime, as well as for other small pleasures of caresses, rubs and kisses. No matter how hard they tried, bad times still happened, but as long as they both had that, for Sherlock it was worth it.
Sherlock wiggled a bit, but didn’t leave. At least John was finally able to cover himself properly.
John gasped. It was as hard to contain his joy as it was the disappointment a moment ago, so he kept his eyes fixed to the front and concentrated on keeping in the giggles that threatened to escape. He risked a glance towards Sherlock, who was equally rigid, except for a shy smile on his lips. John was sure Sherlock didn’t even know it was there.
“And what solution would that be, Mrs Warstein?” asked Mycroft.
“I wasn’t sleeping!”
“You are a son of Poseidon, send here to protect the lake,” said Sherlock and turned his head away to give John a better access to his neck.
As the evening grew longer, Sherlock got more and more restless. John would have been glad to stay longer, have a bit of more wine, but it was obvious Sherlock needed something, so John excused for them both and left with Sherlock. They came back to John’s room, where Sherlock started pacing and spouting his deductions at a speed John had no chance of following. Sherlock made long pauses where he just paced the room, but he didn’t ask of any contributions from John, so he decided to just start getting ready for bed.
Sherlock made an approving grin. Mycroft and Sherlock had one of their wordless conversations that annoyed John so much, and then Mycroft heaved a put upon sigh.
“Is it really me that you want, John?” murmured Sherlock to the crown of John’s head. “From all the options available for you, is it really me? Because if it isn‘t, let’s just stop – I couldn't bare having you for just a moment. I will not be able to survive, if you’ll change your mind afterwards. You may have other options, but for me there are no other possibilities – it’s either you, or nobody at all.”
“Please.” Sherlock’s voice sounded so small, and gently, very gently, John pulled Sherlock’s face down to his. He first caught Sherlock’s lower lip between his, then upper, then firmly kissed the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, while caressing Sherlock’s hair, letting the curls slip through his fingers again and again. Sherlock swayed a little and pulled John closer in to a tight hug, and John deepened the kiss, amused by how characteristically impatient Sherlock became even while kissing. Sherlock kissed like a man possessed, devouring and claiming, so John did his best to calm him by letting his hands wander in wide soothing strokes wherever he could reach.
It took an especially hard episode, when even John’s efforts didn’t make much difference, for Sherlock to agree to go. John helped him find a specialist that looked least like an idiot and accompanied him to the first appointment. Sherlock tried to be patient, he really did, but after a fifth question about his feelings towards his mother, Sherlock stormed out of the room. He felt a perfectly normal and common mixture of devotion and annoyance towards his mother and had absolutely no time for this nonsense.
“The girls were found in this basement,” said Sherlock, standing in front of one of the ordinary looking houses in the street. All the windows were dark.
“You’re not exactly hiding, are you?”
Sherlock did remarkably little thinking from then on. John took Sherlock’s hands in his and lifted them over Sherlock’s head, pinning him to the wall, while the tentacles curled around Sherlock’s ankles and restrained his legs as well. The seaweed on the wall was softer and thicker than it looked, but Sherlock barely felt it, because the caresses of John’s mouth and the ever-restless tentacles nearly overwhelmed him. If those tentacles really had a mind of their own, it had to be brilliant, because the things they did drove Sherlock to the edge of madness in a manner of moments.
They never talked about it. Sherlock probably knew anyway. When John came to terms with falling in love, he briefly entertained the idea to hide it from his flatmate, but it wasn’t worth the effort. Sherlock was a great detective, after all. So John didn’t restrain his affection much, and Sherlock graciously allowed it, accepting both John’s praise and nagging as something much anticipated, yet a great surprise each time. All things considered, John was happy.
“Not really, no. Can I try,-”
“There’s more to relationship than sex,” said John. He was just thinking out loud at this point.
The tentacle curled around Sherlock’s cock, round and round, covering it completely and then gently tightened and loosened in a maddeningly slow rhythm. Instead of bringing Sherlock to completion, it increased his wanting until it engulfed all the thoughts of his vast mind, leaving no space for deductions, observations or witty remarks. Even begging for more was out of the question. Sherlock would have trashed if he was able to move at all. If the pulsing could go fraction faster, just that little bit tighter, Sherlock could catch his release and he kept chasing and chasing it, feeling it so close, and still just slightly out of his reach.
Afterwards, John lain in bed hungry, sweaty and with his arm going numb, because Sherlock was dozing off on it, and yet, he didn't even think about getting up. Yes, he definitely was very happy. Even if there was an occasional head in the fridge.
Surprised, Sherlock looked up at John’s face. There was no trace of mockery there. John meant what he said.
The embodiment of gracefulness and aloofness, the world’s only consulting detective and overall an incredible human was tripping over his own feet for John Watson. The sight took John’s breath away and he momentarily felt self-conscious and undeserving, but Sherlock glared back at him, as if daring to say anything and John just had to swoop in for another kiss. And so they stumbled, clutching to each other, only vaguely keeping the direction they intended to go to. It was alright though, as the flat wasn’t that big, and those
“John!” huffed Sherlock.
John laughed. “There’s something you forgot to mention.”
“Doctor Watson!” greeted the woman the moment they entered a small Indian restaurant.
“Have you ever considered a specialist?” asked John, when Sherlock was finally acting as himself.
“Yes.” John seemed to understand. John always did.
John attempted an alert smile. “Send him in after five minutes, will you?”
John‘s heart sank. He tried hard not to show his disappointment and keep his breath under control. He could never fool Sherlock, but it seemed important keep at least a little of his dignity. John wanted to turn away from Sherlock, but the window would reflect his expression perfectly, so John kept his eyes fixed firmly to the front. Nevertheless, out of the corner of his eyes, he saw Sherlock very slowly removing his gloves, putting them neatly on his lap, and then his hand returned to the middle of the seat, this time covering John’s.
Sherlock descended down to John’s foot and gently massaged it. John shrugged – it was pleasant, but not particularly arousing, Sherlock’s face down there between his legs doing more than the touch itself. Sherlock grinned and swooped up, covering John with his body. He looked much more eager and alert, happy even, and John lost his patience and lifted his head up for the kiss. Sherlock likewise descended and it rubbed them together deliciously. Sherlock’s eyes clouded over and he repeated the action, and so there was nothing left but to give up to the timeless rhythm. They chased the kisses between puffs of breath and chanted each other’s names with moans and grunts and John quickly lost himself in the pleasure. Sherlock fixed his gaze on John’s face and that look trapped John in the moment so strongly he was afraid he won’t be able to survive the sensation.
What he had experienced with Molly hurt so much. John felt as if he had lost Sherlock all over again.
I loved him. I took my time. I was gentle, tender, careful.
I knew him well enough now to know, or let's say, to suspect from time to time, what was going on in that brilliant but socially awkward head.
He smiled at me, he took my face in his hands and he kissed me.
Well, first he looked through the peephole and saw ... nothing.
Once again I could admire his skill at deduction. He was good, oh yes he was.
After calmly finishing his cup of tea, he picked up his smartphone and dialled Mycroft's number.
"But, Sherlock, why the hell haven't you spoken to me in all these weeks? Bloody hell, that also contributed, crucially even, to my thinking you were a hallucination!"
He chuckled. "You have no idea how adorable I look in a crown!"
I spoke to Mycroft in his office at his unspeakable "Diogenes Club." God, what a collection of senile old idiots who thought they were the center of the world.
And that is exactly what happened.
Molly's head jerked back.
This would mean that my organisation, whether for the competition or the law enforcers, would be open for the taking.
That played into my hands because I wanted that stick and was now planning to use it to lure Sherlock to a place I wanted.
Because, by the wheels of the Big Dipper, I was the only one who could know that he had a chance of solving the puzzle!
"Or else ... you die. Right here, right now."
He played it well that I was his old acquaintance. Well, that was better for him.
"Hello, little one," I said and kissed him on the cheek.
I wavered between satisfaction and disappointment.
"But even if he were, I wouldn't be interested in him at all. I have you now after all, little one."
Then the door to his office was yanked open and Lestrade rushed in.
Right, there they were. I saw them, just opposite, in the other wing of the building.
She entered the stairwell and climbed up step by step.
She burst into a loud laugh as she took the teacups to her sink.
However, if you knew whose laptop it was and then looked specifically for it, you might find that it had a second, hidden access.
It could not and should not be that her plans did not work out!
John heard the door open and footsteps enter the room. He had his face snuggled into the pillow. He didn't want to talk to anyone, not Lestrade or anyone else. He preferred to be alone. Alone with his phantom.
"What do you want to know?"
"And I," John said, "will accompany Sherlock. I've just found him again, and I won't allow myself to be separated from him again straight away."
It made me downright sick to help people get better. Curing coughs, colds and back pain.
"Very well, doctor. In that case, that honors you. But even I find it hard to believe that it will last. Do you have any idea how difficult this must be for Sherlock?"
Molly would like to sleep with Sherlock.
A young and talented actor came to my mind. His name was Richard Brook.
That moment, when he had a slightly clearer view for the first time in weeks, and now the soft silk and pleasant scent of Sherlock's dressing gown enveloped him, it hit him like a hammer blow.
I enjoyed the evening to the fullest.
The next morning I came down to the living room late, tired and hungover. Sherlock was sitting on the sofa again (or still?), busy with my laptop.
"I don't know what you're saying, John, it's me, Molly Hooper! John, please, I miss him as much as you do ...!"
I had to grin and I thought, "Don't let Mycroft hear you say that."
And for me it would show whether all my preparation had paid off.
Perhaps, he thought to himself, his mind would realise that Sherlock no longer existed if he later saw the second cup still untouched here on the table. Maybe he should make himself a sandwich too? Yes, that was a good idea.
Sherlock was sitting in his armchair, had put the laptop on the table and had folded his hands under his chin. His thinking pose.
In the initial phase, in the phase of shock, of not understanding, it can happen that the mourner thinks he sees the deceased, in a crowd of people, at the other end of a street; in exceptional cases he even sees him standing in front of him and talks to him.
"You can," Sherlock said.
"I simply underestimated how much I would miss you myself. And how much your presence would upset me. I was afraid of saying something I would regret later ... which would damage the respect you've always shown me, and with it the friendship that binds you and me. Because, John, you are my only true friend and to lose you ... oh God, that must sound like ridicule to your ears. I'm so sorry."
"What's all this about?" asked Lestrade.
And he had done a great job.
He wrote back. Something he really shouldn't do under any circumstances, and if he did, then only in an absolute emergency.
Slowly he walked up the stairs. His thoughts were wandering. Yes, he was really worried about his state of mind. It was just all too much, and he missed Sherlock.
No sooner had Lestrade disappeared than Sherlock gave a sort of cry of joy and exclaimed:
I started to gently lick his glans with my tongue, circling it again and again.
Still ...
I'm brilliant, I'm genius and no one has ....
"What is that supposed to mean?"
He didn't want Mrs Hudson to be Moriarty. He had grown fond of this good old woman, he had trusted her, the only one in this whole mess.
Yeah, I couldn't argue with that. It was true.
"Scared? Of what?"
"That was the craziest thing," I gasped, "I've ever done!"
The "discussions" with "Sherlock" gradually brought him a realisation that filled him with great unease:
He turned his beer glass in his hands.
So, of course, I had hit the target, incapacitated the taxi man and saved Sherlock.
And then I heard a sound coming from him that I thought might have hiccups.
His heart was pounding madly. They were in a damn tricky situation here, but John could hardly take his eyes off Sherlock at that moment, feeling deep down how in love he was and how hot he thought he was.
His eyes lingered on John's lips; he himself licked his lips.
"You...??!!!"
I, however, was clingy that night. I wrapped my arms around him and tried to snuggle up. He took his fingers off the keyboard of my laptop and turned to me and looked at me. His eyes appeared inscrutably dark.
I figured he owed me that.
He was extremely confused.
I made a move to stand up.
Ahh, we were getting somewhere.
"Oh, do what you like," I grumbled.
Well, there was probably no doubt any more. John was obviously so overwhelmed by his grief that his psyche had been damaged. There was no way around it now. He needed professional help.
He had me, and I was very amused by this, write a message on the mobile phone with the certainty that the murderer would read it.
"You don't need sex," I said, "you want it."
And he rushed out of the door, which slammed into the lock behind him, leaving Sherlock and John alone.
What would happen now?
Just the thought of it...
I licked some honey from his left nipple. Cream from his right.
"It took you a really long time to figure it out. Well, since Sherlock already disappointed me so much, though, I shouldn't really be surprised with a simple stupid person like you, should I?"
Moriarty took the mobile phone and, via encrypted message, commissioned an appropriate email, from an unrecognisable sender, of course.
I was on Sherlock, so to speak.
He remained silent.
Not that it would seriously get me into trouble, but I might have to change my plans a bit. And I hated it when people torpedoed my plans. The taxi driver was downright lucky that I had already shot him, otherwise I would still be after him....
I was keen to take matters into my own hands, so I dropped a remark here and a word there, thus influencing him in the direction of entrusting me, his roommate and ... friend? ... John Watson to investigate the case.
"Yes," I said, trying to radiate security and strength.
And to blackmail him with threats against someone close to him, as I had done with Stamford, he was too concerned about his own well-being and had too few intimate contacts with other people.
So convincingly I can perform such feelings, such actions of social interaction between people, that I can have them eating out of my hand if I want to.
Sherlock had already got very close to Moriarty once, too close. That was the reason why Moriarty had manipulated everyone so that Sherlock ended up dead. A pity really, because Moriarty had had a bit of a soft spot for Sherlock....
When I entered the room, he looked at me with an embarrassed smile.
What were they to do now?
He didn't necessarily treat me like a "normal" roommate would treat you. He was Sherlock Holmes. He took the right to chase me around, to let me do most of the housework on my own, not to mention the shopping.
He looked cold and determined. She didn't like that.
Punctually at the desired time, I stood in front of the given address. I had just pressed the door knocker when a taxi stopped and Sherlock Holmes got out with his coat flowing.
That said it all, because he knew what to do, how to get ready and what to bring.
"Well, did you have a little domestic quarrel?", I heard Mrs Hudson say as I put my ear to the door.
"No good? Did I do something wrong?"
"Of course, my darling," I breathed more, that I said it.
"Bakerstreet. Come in when it's convenient. SH"
I described our cases from the point of view of John the ant, overflowing with admiration, but not omitting Sherlock's weaknesses. He had no idea about the solar system because he had simply erased it. I, of course, had also mastered this technique. However, I had learned that EVERYTHING can be important at some point.
We sat on the sofa, held each other arm in arm and simply enjoyed being so close to each other. Knowing what we mean to each other. That we are still best friends and colleagues, but also so much more.
I should've known that wasn't the end of it. Not with Sherlock Holmes.
The school consisted of two wings. Sherlock and the taxi driver were in the right wing of the building on my instructions.
"Richard," I said after he had calmed down and caught his breath.
"And then, when it's all over, no one can forbid us anything any more. We'll both have enough money for a nice life. We'll buy a house... great cars... travel around the world... And if you want ..."
Together with Lestrade, he looked at the crime scene. Fortunately, neither Donovan nor Anderson were on the scene, because John could not vouch for the fact that he had not also taken on Sherlock's legacy as far as the insults of these two were concerned. So he could concentrate on the body and the crime.
I was excited.
Which in many ways applies to me. And why not? There is hardly anyone in the world worthy of my honest enmity.
She took a breath and stepped out onto the roof with a flourish.
"Mr. Holmes, it's about Dr. Watson. He's just come out of the house where Dr Hooper lives. He looks completely distraught, you should take a look."
I kissed him on the forehead.
He, John Watson, was not going mad.
We arrived at 221 B Baker Street laughing and panting.
But I myself was speechless. But then I nodded violently and said, "Yes, Sherlock, I would like that very much. I'm very happy to do it."
I grinned and headed off to meet Sarah, the silly cow.
Then another message with the time and place:
Reporters had been calling for days. Writers from some newspapers, but also TV stations and radio stations. He was even ambushed at the door. Poor Mrs. Hudson was already at her wits' end. John had offered to do the shopping for her, because the good woman was just completely annoyed and didn't want to go out the door any more.
"How did you know about Afghanistan?"
"What?!"
John narrowed his eyes.
"John, I..."
The willingness to prepare a thing down to the smallest detail and to pay attention to every last detail is what makes me so successful. And when you use my services, you have to be prepared to pay a fair amount of money for it, because I am not cheap.
"Who is this?" asked Sherlock.
But she trusted Sherlock.
Sherlock muttered something, but otherwise ignored me. In love with me or not, in some ways Sherlock just stayed Sherlock, and I was quite happy about it. After all, I loved him for who he was.
Yes, he had figured it out.
Greg beat me to it.
"Good shot, John."
Then he jumped up, reached for John's mobile phone and dialled a number.
He was still smiling.
A tall, slender figure, though now slumped, was on his knees beside him.
My alcoholic sister Harry, whose alleged escapades had been the reason for my departure from Sherlock this time, would serve me well in the future.
"I'm sorry, John," Sherlock said again, looking at John with such an expression of concern and affection that it warmed his heart.
"Sherlock, I promise to never again lie or deceive you, right here and now. No matter how much I may have done it for the best, noblest motives. But to always be honest with you and never let my feelings get in the way again."
He was silent for a moment, then he said:
But...
But it did not.
He looked at me with those beautiful eyes and quietly said, "Please."
Well, maybe John should be sent some pictures of that ... Moriarty grinned wickedly. 'Yes, that would be a good idea, wouldn't it?
Now I came to the question of who or what my character really should be.
There was a clang. Richard had pulled down a kidney dish.
But Mike Stamford. Who showed himself to be the good warm-hearted friend ... a perfect cover for a criminal with sinister intentions. And besides, Sherlock had been at Barts almost daily, and had included Mike in much there. Mike, in turn, had been with them often ...
So what was I to do now?
Mike Stamford worked at Bart's Hospital, where Sherlock used the labs for his experiments. They knew each other and got along quite well, which may have been largely due to Stamford's good nature.
So that's my story.
"Thank you," she said, paid him and got out.
"Oh, John," he heard the other say. "Now you're hurting my feelings."
"Well, and because I seek my more adventurous pleasure elsewhere, with his knowledge and consent, he has the right to find other partners for his nissionary sex. That's perfectly fine since we both want it and accept it."
Anyway, Sherlock stopped the taxi and then, well, then I was almost a bit disappointed in him. It turned out that he was only almost as good as me after all. He was far more intelligent than the great mass of ant people, but I was still superior to him.
John shook himself as he realised how awful that was, to really distrust everyone in his close circle, and especially those who were close to him and cared about him ...
I killed that boy, Carl Powers, because he was getting on my nerves with his smugness. Nobody has any business being annoying me and nobody has any reason to be smug but me.
But John Watson was alive and Moriarty was still sure that he would pose no danger.
It would certainly throw the good Dr Watson off his game a bit more.
"And you, Mycroft, are yet to answer me how you dared to know about this and keep me in the dark. I watched you retreat even more than usual into your armour of ice, thinking it was out of grief for your brother. And so I held back ... oh damn."
I didn't know where to start.
The van had the advertising of a non-existent soap, paper towel and disinfectant company. Such a van would not be very conspicuous at the back entrance of a swimming pool.
How he looked to me, John Watson, for help because he didn't understand why.
Sherlock's eyes snapped open and he looked around. Just a moment, the man had said, and somehow he seemed to expect that the real voice of the criminal would now actually speak to him from somewhere.
I'd like to get drunk, but I don't, because that's not going to help either.
John remembered: the shock phase when you thought you saw the deceased.
As I sprinted down the street behind him, I noticed that I had left my damn crutch at the table.
I took a breath and grinned smugly at my reflection.
He didn't want to deal with him now.
On the contrary. The whole thing would probably be extremely amusing.
"On the other hand," Sherlock now mused, "such things should also be suitable as a kind of sexual foreplay. At the moment, it's impossible to think of anything like that. Even though when I cuddle, I begin to feel something that I can sort out as feelings of lust after extensive research. When you nibble my earlobe, my primary sexual organ responds by sending tingling signals through my body and it also begins to stiffen minimally. However, at the moment, harder sexual practices are not for me."
"Sherlock, but that's not true. Molly knew about it. Why do you think I came stumbling into this flat earlier all upset? I came from Molly's, and there I had just found out from her that you weren't dead then, on the pavement outside St Barts. But I also learned from her that some time after that, in Serbia, you did die."
"John?! What the hell ...?"
Something was bothering John. Something wasn't right. But what? He couldn't figure it out.
I laughed and laughed.
The fact that he was obviously far from over this phase.
He decided to go for a little jog to clear his head.
"Mycroft Holmes. I am a man, and I enjoy sex. Yes. But now I'm with Sherlock and I'm not going to shag around! Jesus Christ!"
And from where I was, I now had no way of changing that state of affairs.
I was standing there, thunderstruck.
The man grew paler by the second and began to stammer:
"Look," I said. "Just tell me what you want from me."
He smiled at Sherlock as he came back into the living room with two steaming mugs.
He sat on the crowded Tube amongst the people still out and about at this hour. It was already quite late, and he would probably be pretty tired in the morning when he left for his shift.
"I've already discussed this with Mycroft...“
