Cas wondered, watching in shocked silence as
“Good to be alive again,” said Eileen, smiling back.
Cas walked quickly over to the woman with the cell phone basket. “Excuse me, um …”
“No. No, I’m fine. Thank you,” replied Cas, stiffly.
“You know better than most that family doesn’t mean you can trust someone Dean.”
“We need to find him Dean.”
“What about Lee?”
Cas could do without.
“Fine,” muttered Dean, turning toward the mine’s main passage. “Let’s get out of here.”
“Yeah, pretty sure that’s what’s left of Cas’ grace.” Sam reached over and gently raised Cas’ chin with one hand. Sure enough, he found a small, tell-tale cut on the angel’s throat.
Being human again, Cas supposed he’d need to buy some clothing eventually. He’d ask Sam if he could use one of the brothers’ cards. Or maybe he’d ask him to show him how they managed to get the cards to begin with. The revelations about Chuck had pretty much torn down the last of Cas’ moral scruples about small sins like fraud.
“No, and you should have been. We need to go. Now!”
In the folding chair beside him sat Dean, the afternoon sun glinting off his dark blonde hair as he rattled off a long story about a pool hustle gone wrong, interrupting himself every now to chuckle. When he did, the skin crinkled around his green eyes. He looked so happy, so … light. The weight of the world for once, at least, lifted off his shoulders.
“I tried to, many times Dean. But you didn’t want to hear it.”
“No, it was quite uneventful,” he answered truthfully.
Dean pulled away from the wrecking yard with a screech of tires.
Shaking his head, and muttering “…the fuck’s wrong with you Dean…” under his breath, he quickly felt for his friend’s pulse. It was weak but steady. Dean let out a breathe he'd been anxiously holding and rolled his shoulders, trying to ease some of the ache there and work the feeling back into arms that had been going numb for a good ten minutes now.
“What sort of expert?” Dean asked skeptically before swallowing.
Dean sighed and pulled his phone out of his pocket. All arguments aside for why he didn’t want to pull Sam in yet, Dean knew his brother could track down Melly’s information faster than he could. In the meantime, Dean could hit up the bait shop.
“No, jerk, I know you. Just don’t do anything stupid.”
Cas cut Dean off, “It’s not my first time being human Dean. And I have plenty of experience sleeping on hard floors as one.”
How low were Cas’ batteries that a freakin’ djinn had gotten the jump on him? And Dean had sent Cas into literal hell just weeks ago.
He tried to calculate the right pressure in his arms to convey friendly camaraderie without suggesting anything intimate. It felt awkward, and Dean seemed to register that as well. He pulled back, his face once again unreadable. Though Cas almost thought he saw a glint of hurt in hunter’s face before he gave Cas a tight smile, opened the door, and stepped out of the car.
And with that, the angel abruptly lost consciousness again.
At some point during that long passionate moment, when the shock had faded and Cas had begun to be able to think almost clearly again, he had realized that this really
“Sure,” said Cas, “that sounds nice.”
“Dean, I am not intoxicated.” Cas said sternly.
“No, um, sorry … I just … it’s nice to be on a hunt with you.”
Maybe Cas was right. Maybe it was a good thing he hadn’t come on this hunt alone.
But it was a big deal. A really big fucking deal.
And just like that, Dean felt his anger melting.
“Anyway, Lee and Dad and I … we’d done some hunts together in the past. Actually, I’d, uh, I’d been tipping off Lee on where Dad and I were hunting so Lee and I could meet up when we were in a similar part of the country. I’d see him on and off, over, probably about a two span. It didn’t take too long into the first hunt together for us to figure out we were both attracted to each other. Dad didn’t notice. He was drinking even heavier than he had been then, with Sammy off to college and him starting to find out things about mom’s death I guess.
“Dean Fuckin’ Winchester,” Lee responded. The two men exchanged a tense stare before Lee smiled and pulled Dean into a warm hug, clapping him on the back. “
“Seriously,” said Dean, his good mood evaporating, “let’s change the conversation.”
thought Dean.
“Like hell you are,” growled Dean, “Get out of my car!”
Dream-Dean, however, was becoming increasingly amorous as the evening wore on. His hands found ever more reasons to touch Cas, and they lingered longer each time.
Dean glared at Cas, who returned his look with a puzzled frown.
“Well, thankfully for us your long-time alcohol abuse has made you remarkably adept at doing most things while intoxicated,” said Cas, amusement in his voice softening any criticism there might have been in his remark. “I do appreciate that you don’t drive like this though.”
Dean let out a ragged breath and rubbed his hand over his jaw. “For Christ’s sake Cas, in the future, just assume that Sam and I would prefer you alive over you dead. Period. Okay?”
“No, no, it’s just … I mean don’t take it personally or anything … that you didn’t know, I mean. Sammy doesn’t even know I’m bi, or at least I don’t think he does. Who knows what that guy’s got figured out with that big brain in that big head of his always working away.”
“It’s curious …” Cas began before trailing off in thought.
Roy settled behind his desk and directed a tired “What can I do for you agent?” in Dean’s direction.
“Yeah, I’ve got a location on where he was staying. I’m heading over there now. Then I’ll swing by the Green’s. The bait shop guy knew Cas, called him Clarence. And get this. The last day anyone saw Cas? A body was found in the lake. Drained of blood.”
Cas was tired. And right now, it just felt good to rest a bit, at least for a little while.
Dean turned back to Sam, “The only reason I waited for you, by the way, is that you have the djinn juice.”
“Seriously.”
The crowd was thinning out now that the action was over and half the room was trashed. Cas looked up to find Dean searched the room with his eyes. When he spotted Cas, the hunter let out a breath he seemed to have been holding and made his way over to his friend.
“Nah, I think we’ll stay a bit longer,” said one toughs. He and his friend, both of whom had quite a bit of body mass on Lee and Dean, moved to stand side by side, smirking at the other men with a
“We should go fishing together sometime,” said Dean, his mouth still full of bacon and eggs, “I could give you some pointers.”
“Oh, um, sorry. I was just … thinking … about the case. That’s all.”
Lee turned back to Dean, “
“Yeah, we found it in the djinn’s cave. Sam’s theory is that the djinn needed you to be human for your blood to be useful so he siphoned off the last of your grace.”
“What’s curious?” asked Dean, who was inspecting the now open trunk.
“Let’s take this conversation into your office then.” Dean felt an irrational rub of annoyance when the sheriff sighed (
“Look man, I’m sorry. I know you were as messed up as I was about what we’d seen on that hunt. I should have called you after …”
What he
Dean was starting to accept, not the feelings themselves, but the fact that they did exist. If he was being honest with himself — which Dean generally made it a policy to try
Which is why, instead of trying to find a way to wake himself from the djinn’s dream, Cas was sitting by a lake, fishing pole in hand, Dean — or an approximation of him anyway — seated next to him.
The kiss deepened, becoming rougher once again as a decade of pent up passion poured between Castiel and his human.
If Castiel had been a human hunter, even one as skilled as Sam or Dean, he likely would have left the station by now. It generally wasn’t advisable to hang around investigating a monster when the monster was in a position of authority and must know you were closing in on him.
“How are you feeling? You lost a lot of blood. Scared the shit out of me.”
“Yeah, I know,” said Dean with a weak laugh. “I didn’t tell him, trust me. He um … he figured it out. That was the last time I saw Lee actually.” Dean paused, talking a long gulp of water. Cas took the glass from him and went to the bathroom to refill it. Dean gave him a grateful smile as Cas sat back down on the bed.
But the other discomfort — the heightened emotion and the way he felt loss, loneliness, anger, and sorrow not only in his mind but physically —
“Do you happen to know where Clarence was staying?”
Cas gave the sheriff what he hoped was a sincere and serious nod.
Dean froze for a moment then looked at Cas with something in his eyes that Cas wasn’t sure how to read. “I’m so sorry Cas,” Dean said softly, the words gentle though his voice was rough with an emotion Cas couldn’t decipher. “I was angry, and I was pushing you away. But I never should have sent you there. Not with him.”
“Sam, I don’t think that’s a good idea,” Cas quickly said. “I don’t think it would work out the way you want, if Dean and I tried to pretend … that.”
“Yes. But Dean … I’m human now.”
Finally knowing why they had lost everyone they ever loved didn’t change a thing about the situation. Since learning the truth, they’d already lost Jack and then Rowena … not to mention suffering a double loss with Kevin and Eileen, learning that their friends weren’t even “safe” in heaven where they belonged, that they were instead literally doomed to an eternity in Hell … all because they mattered to the Winchesters.
“What? Why?” asked Cas, startled. True, when Cas wasn’t sleeping he had noticed that Dean had been quiet on the way here, as though his mind was somewhere else. But he hadn’t seemed actively distressed, had he?
Dean, not really. And a real moment like this one felt even more impossible now than it ever had before. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been under the djinn’s spell, but he knew it had likely been close to a day. How much of that time had the djinn been draining his blood? He wasn’t even sure when he’d been taken. Was it in the woods with Melly? Or back at the police station, or perhaps even earlier?
At this, Cas cleared his throat, reminding both men that he was there.
Cas followed his friend out of the diner with a sigh.
Cas’ brain broke.
“Lee Webb,” he said striding up to the man, who turned and gave Dean the same sort of double take.
“Of course,” said Roy, “I’ll leave you to rest then Agent Worley. I hope you feel better soon. Do let me know if you start to remember anything more.”
“No, no, it’s okay that it’s a dream, Dean. It’s okay, really.”
“Oh,” the man said, looking worried.
, though Dean to himself, too preoccupied to shut down the thought before it was fully formed.
Real-Dean, though, Cas knew he
“You alright Sally?” asked Lorna, and Cas’ attention snapped to the blonde woman the men had been harassing.
before hitching up his slacks and leading Dean into the back of the station.
” said Dean, before downing the rest of his beer.
something Sheriff Roy should be looking into. It’s
The last thing he had ever wanted was to feel like a burden to the human. Dean and Sam had enough to carry. The fate of the entire world had been placed on their backs, time and time again. He’d always hoped to be able to help shoulder a bit of the weight, never add to it.
The closest Cas’d ever come was when Jack was with them. Though Dean knew that was really about Jack. The bunker was Jack’s home, so it became, for a time, Castiel’s home too … or at least his home base. Somehow the angel had never really settled in.
The next morning, after making some excuses about taking a drive, Dean poured a thermos of coffee for himself, said goodbye to Sam and Eileen, and walked toward the garage. His head was pounding. He’d maybe overdone it with the whisky the night before.
Which was just part of the reason why, the moment he spun on his heel to face away from Sam, the smile disappeared from Dean’s face as though it had never been there.
“Anyway, the song,” said Dean, turning back to Cas. “It’s one my dad used to like to play before hunts.”
Dean sighed. Now that Jack was gone, it was probably pointless to hope that Cas might actually come live with them for real. Dean’s presence in the Bunker had never been enough to draw Castiel for more than a temporary stay. Which, yeah, that stung. Actually, it made Dean’s chest downright ache when he thought about it for too long …
“Okay, I think that’s all for now. Here’s my card. Please, call us if you remember anything … anything else at all, alright?” said Dean. “Even the smallest detail could help.”
“Lorna,” she supplied with a smile, “What can I help you with handsome?”
“They call it Destiel,” chimed in Eileen. “There were way more love stories about you two in the recent stories than all the other types combined. WAY more.”
Which, when your best friend just almost died and you’re expecting their would-be-murderer to come walking through the door at any moment? Yeah, easier said than done.
, he thought. His internal monologue wasn’t even bitter. It was just stating a fact he already knew. Dean, fucking up again. Story his life.
Especially because Cas could already tell that dream-Dean was not going to give up easily.
“Are you crazy? This is pure angel grace. Even just this tiny bit is like handling a nuclear weapon. We don’t even know how to put it back, or whether he needs to be conscious for it to work, or anything.”
After six hours in the car with Cas, Dean needed to clear his head more than ever. He was debating the pros and cons of splitting up for the next phase of the investigation — pro, some much needed breathing room for Dean; con, a newly human Cas hunting on his own — as they pulled up to the town’s only motel.
For some reason those words just made things worse.
“Hmm, no, I don’t think so,” said Lee, just as Lorna walked up behind him with a glass for Cas and another pitcher of beer for the table.
“How … how’d I get here? We were at the cabin …”
“Already?” asked Dean, worried that this was too soon. It had only been maybe 10 hours since he’d carried Cas’ unconscious body into the ER. What kind of cut-rate insurance had Sam faked for Cas that had him getting kicked out of the hospital already?
He and Cas carried their bags into the room and looked at the single bed. “I’ll sleep on the floor,” offered Dean, “You’re still recuperating.”
“It’s good see you too, awake that is. You gave us a scare there.”
And then Dean was kissing Lee, or Lee was kissing him. Dean didn’t know which it was nor did he know how he kept getting from point A to point B. He felt drunk even though he hadn’t taken a single sip of the beer Lee had pressed on him.
“Cas, this is not a dream. This is real. You are really here. We really saved you.”
he wondered. Then he froze.
“Not relaxed, no. He seemed … well I guess I always thought he seem kinda sad about something. Never asked what though. Didn’t feel like my place,” said Andy.
“Should have called me? Dean, you changed your damn phone number.”
,” interrupted Dean with a sly grin.
It was different than anything Dean had experienced before. Cas’ muscles felt firm beneath Dean’s hand. The stubble on his chin was scratchy against Dean’s chest. The leg slung over his own was oddly heavy. It had been so long since Dean had held another man in any way that approached this sort of intimacy. And even then … a boy in one high school … Lee … he’d never fallen asleep with either of them, never woken up in their arms.
Cas said to the dial-tone of the disconnected phone line before slamming the handset back onto the receiver a bit harder than necessary.
But even when things were at their worst, whether it was Leviathan or the Mark of Cain or the year after their dad died, Dean had kept putting one foot in front of the other. He’d always managed to get the job done.
“I think it’s the only move I’ve got, Sam,” Dean said, his voice quiet and tired, his eyes wet again.
“Still getting used to not having your grace?” guessed Dean. He started the Impala and backed her up into the road.
It had been an awkward but mercifully largely silent ride back from Idaho. After they’d stopped by the bait shop so Cas could say goodbye to his friend, the former angel had moved to the back seat and slept for much of the way. They hadn’t broached any personal topics since that strange hug in the Impala.
“Yeah, it’s nice being here with you too, buddy,” said Dean with a smile that crinkled  the corners of his eyes.
mean I’ve forgotten how to drive Sam. And are you forgetting I just hunted a djinn with you?”
“Oh,” said Cas, unable to keep the surprise out of his voice.
Cas sat by the lake, fishing pole in his hand, and sighed contentedly.
“And, uh, there’s another thing. Something you should know,” Dean was almost stammering now as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a faintly shining vial.
He scrambled to his feet, hurrying into the hallway and down to map room. He shuffled through the tangle of charging phones grabbing the offending one just in time.
“Well, in certain other plot lines, maybe you were mad at me? Maybe you needed someone to blame for at least some of the terrible things that God threw into your path? And that’s okay, Dean. Because that’s not the story here. So you don’t need to worry about it. You saved me. Everything is fine, really.”
“Okay,” said Sally, wiping her nose on her sleeve. She followed Lorna to the front of the bar as the other woman helped her call an Uber.
Cas’ head cocked even further to side, as he squinted at Dean, his mouth open slightly in a look of utter disbelief. Now it was Cas’ hands that were clenched into fists. “Dean, if you’d succeeded … what it would have done to Sam. And to me when I was resurrected …” he said through gritted teeth
Dean moved out of Cas’ line of sight and over to the door, where he leaned out and called down the hallway to the nurse’s station.
“Yeah, and anyway, y
They drove to the motel in companionable silence. Immediately after walking in the door, Dean stumbled trying to kick off his boots. This time there was no one to get in his way as Cas grabbed the other man’s arm with one hand and placed his other hand against Dean’s waist to help the hunter stay on his feet. He could feel Dean’s muscles physically relax under his touch. Dean smiled as he looked up into Cas’ eyes and said, “Thanks.”
” Lorna rolled her eyes a bit and then smiled at the three men before walking away.
It was becoming harder and harder to form any coherent thought at all. When the sound of the office phone ringing cut through the fog, Dean was surprised to find Lee’s hands deftly unbuckling Dean’s belt and reaching for the button on his jeans.
The hunter closed his eyes, his knuckles white as his hand tightened around the small crystal bottle.
fandom. And, not really surprisingly, romance plots were particularly popular.”
Fortunately, however, Cas’ plan seemed to have worked … perhaps a little too well. He’d had to half carry dream-Dean from the car into the building. Still, Dean’s ardent fumbling had failed to progress any further, so Cas supposed this was a win.
Sheriff Roy was definitely leaning more towards suspicious than asshole now. Or suspicious
Instead, it was Sam clearing his throat that broke Dean out of his pizza induced reverie.
Why couldn’t Dean look at him the way he was looking at Lee? If it wasn’t because Cas was a man … was it because he was an angel? Because Dean couldn’t feel attraction for someone who wasn’t really human? Or was it simply that Cas had hurt him and betrayed his trust too many times in the past for him to consider that sort of intimacy. Or …
“You really own the place?”
This time Cas met him, unable to resist another time. The kiss was slow, comfortable. Clearly this was something they’d done before here in the dream world. The easy familiarity of it made Cas ache deep in his chest. What he wouldn’t give to have even a part of this with the real Dean. It didn’t even have to be the kissing part. Just to have this kind of easy closeness once more with Dean, even on a platonic level, would have been more than enough.
Cas understood, of course, that sexuality was spectrum. But he’d never seen Dean express interest like this in anyone who wasn’t in an overtly female appearing body. It was actually one of the things he’d been briefed on about Dean in the early days … the hunter’s very healthy, and very hetero, sexual appetite. In fact he’d been instructed to choose a male vessel so as to reduce the likelihood of his accidentally distracting the Michael sword.
Yeah, Cas had every right to never want to speak to Dean again.
But Cas knew that this time, finally, things were too broken to ever be fully put back together with Dean. He wanted to be angry at Dean … the real Dean, not the dream Dean who was doing some very talented things with his tongue currently. Cas could not be further from angry with dream-Dean.
“Wow, Chuck really doesn’t like a happy ending, does he?” Eileen observed.
“Are you seriously suggesting using the guy as bait? He’s half dead Sam!”
to live at the bunker. When Cas was at his most vulnerable, Dean had turned his back on him. It didn’t matter that it had been to save Sam’s life. He’d betrayed Cas all the same.
And so they laid down, each on their own side of the queen-sized bed, each carefully avoiding touching the other, and fell asleep.
Cas glanced over at Dean, and the hunter seemed to be holding his breath.
“Yes, of course I’ll stay if that’s what you both want. Nothing would make me happier,” said Cas with a relieved smile.
. So Dean couldn’t risk broaching this particular subject with him,
It was becoming increasingly obvious that the sheriff was the main suspect here. The question was which blood drinking creature he might be. Vampire felt unlikely, given his ability to function in his official duties in this outdoorsy town during daylight hours. Maybe a djinn?
“Yeah, I do. And I know life wasn’t easy for you back then. Let’s not dwell on it, okay?” Lee stared at Dean, he eyes going soft with wonder. “I’m just so fucking happy to see you Dean, alive and in the flesh after all this time.” Slapping Dean on the leg, he added in a lighter tone, “Come on, have another drink, they’re on me, all night.”
“Dean?”
For his part, he planned to apologize for anything and everything Cas needed him to apologize for. But would Cas accept those apologies? Could he forgive Dean?
Dean turned around, hitching Cas’ body up a bit higher in his arms.
“Yeah Cas?”
, thought Cas. This really
If so, it wasn’t fair to Dean, or to Lee, Cas tried to tell himself. Dean and Cas were friends, good friends, family even. That was more than Cas likely even deserved from the hunter after the various ways he’d disappointed him over the years, he thought glumly. And Dean deserved to be loved. He did deserve to be happy. If they could find a way through this Chuck situation, maybe Dean could find some happiness here in Texhoma. His dream loop when Michael had possessed him had been about owning a bar after all. Dating a bar owner would probably be a close second. Maybe, Cas thought, this was a door out of the life opening up for his friend.
Was he dead? No … that didn’t make sense. If he was dead, he’d be in the empty, not in heaven, so Dean shouldn’t be here.
“So Lee,” Dean went on, “last thing I want to do here is drag you back into the life, like, at all. You got out and that’s amazing. Most people I’ve known …” Dean paused, wrestling with some emotion, one Cas was pretty sure he could guess, “… not many hunters get that. And just … I’m so happy for you man, really. This is amazing and you deserve it, you really do.”
“Yeah, that’s right. The boy, his name was? …”
Whatever his reasons for coming here might be, Dean felt drawn inside. He found himself opening the Impala’s door and, once again with having consciously decided to, he was moving towards Swayze’s. Towards Lee.
They spread out and entered the tunnel, feet moving as quietly as possible. The first branch they encountered was a dead end, the next, was blocked from what looked like a long ago cave in. In the third branch they found what they were looking for.
“You okay?” asked Dean, one eyebrow quirked up. “Thought you wanted in on this hunt?”
“Hey now there. The lady told you to leave her alone,” said Dean.
“No, I don’t believe that. And I don’t think you really do either. And Dean, he’s got a right to be here. You can’t make this choice for him.”
But the cabin had been bad, even by Dean’s road tripping standards. The roof looked like it had a leak. The whole place had a dingy feel about it, despite the recently used cleaning supplies he’d found in Cas’ kitchen. There wasn’t even a TV. And there were almost no possessions to show that Cas had been staying there. All Dean had found was a tackle box with a few lures and hooks in it, an old fishing pole, and few books that had seen much better days.
He sighed in relief, letting go of a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding, to find Dean sitting on the hood of the Impala, waiting for him.
notice both the sound and the blush.
“There’s even less than I thought,” said Cas, interrupting the silence.
“Yeah, heh, yeah, I think you’re probably right about that,” said Dean, looking embarrassed. “I’d, uh, better be going, back to the motel you know. Cas and me, we should get an early start tomorrow.”
A rock that was looking decidedly pissed off as Sam and Eileen got out of the car to greet him.
“N-…no, nothing like that.”
“We’d just lost Rowena,” countered Dean, his voice rising in volume again. “She was the most powerful witch maybe ever, and she was at the top of her game. If there was anyone, anyone in the whole universe, that wrote her own rules it was Rowena. And she
“Well, it appears you were one of the last people to see my partner. I haven’t been able to get in touch with him since I got into town.”
“Well, now that Cas is here we should probably get back to business,” said Dean, “I haven’t told you why exactly we’re in town. You ever see her around here?”
I said stop it!”
“And he’s going to be pissed if you get hurt trying to save him,” Sam shot back, his own irritation rising to meet Dean’s. “I will be too.”
“Hello?” asked a woman as she cautiously opened the door about 10 inches
Dean was already shaking his head. “No. He’s where he should be, far away from us.”
be angry with.
“Yes, I do,” said Cas, “I’m fine. Just … a little tired maybe.”
Dean growled, trying to hold down the flood of anticipation attempting to swap his brain.
This wasn’t Dean, not
He hung up and mouthed
Too soon the Impala was pulling into the scrapyard. Cas and Dean dispensed with the FBI schtick for the time being, posing as two ordinary friends looking for a part for one of their cars. They ambled through the aisles, checking for Angela’s car which ,Cas had been amused to learn, was an early 2000s Chevy Impala (“It’s
Cas had seen Dean brought low before, had seen him lose all hope. The memory of his fists pummeling Dean an alley made the newly human man flinch. But Sam was right. Dean had never simply laid down and quit before. Even when he’d been planning to seal himself in the Ma’lak box with Michael, he’d been making an active choice. Cas had worried deeply about Dean then, and many many times before. But there was an all-consuming urgency to the worry now that he was human that he simply wasn’t used to.
“You ever feel like this before, Cas? This graceless?” Dean wanted to cry.
“That’s not fair. Cas didn’t fuck anything up. He was thousands of years old and suddenly his whole world turns upside down. He’d never felt – shit,
“Yeah,” Dean whispered like a confession. "Yeah."
“What is? You and him?”
Something between them is almost acknowledged - and then it isn't.
"If this is you feeling guilty-"
The world - well, their little world, the diner and the Impala and the black autumn night - stood entirely still.
“Can you still restore memories?”
Dean felt a warm tear slip down his cheek. He remembers seeing Castiel come out of the bathroom that day he came back from Purgatory. Dressed in his trench coat, all squeaky clean. And Dean had thought:
They both turned to face forward and were met with a thick, suffocating sadness that filled the air. Dean wished Sammy would come back. He wanted this sadness to be whisked away into the dark, cold night. He wanted to not be alone with Cas, especially after he had his chance for that, all these years. He wanted his brother. Cas made a thoughtful, sorrowful noise and spoke again. Dean closed his eyes.
“Fine. So, just start from the beginning. Exactly as it happened.”
Exactly who they were always meant to be.
“You’ll see him again, you know.”
“Yeah,” Dean swallowed. “I – I didn’t know how. I’m not sure what to do with all this and…” And you, the statement went unsaid. “I’ve got Lisa now, and a job…like a real job, one with benefits and shit…and Ben just started college last month…I don’t know, man, it’s all just so…”
even louder.
“So, you owed him. That’s how all this started. He helped you out of a tight spot and you felt like you needed to return the favor.”
Cas looked thin in his blue jeans and a grey T-shirt underneath a warm black jacket. With a pang in his heart, Dean realized it had been over two years since he last saw the angel in that old trench coat.
“Then that’s your right. And you wouldn’t be wrong to. I just want to help you understand him. Understand us.”
“I don’t know, Dean,” Cas said, and once again looked towards the reception, soft light reflected in his eyes. A car drove by, and then another, the sound of tires on wet pavement in an otherwise eerily quiet night. “I don’t know if I can.”
“Cas.” Dean focused on one star and pretended. “Cas, man, I think I really need you.”
“Cas, where are you? Are you okay?” The question was a reflex by now. Answer phone, hear Cas, make sure Cas is safe and functioning and…well, not dead. Dean heard something akin to a sigh on the other end of the phone.
“Yes, Dean, I still get prayers,” Cas said, and Dean could hear him smiling. He wondered if it was a genuine smile or one of his bitter, put-off, sarcastic smiles. Dean wanted to see it so badly that he hurt. “Didn’t get any of yours, though.”
“Doesn’t sound like he hated you.”
"Dean-" Cas started hesitantly, voice tight, but Dean laughed again and shook his head. Cas's forehead was warm against his. His stubble was prickly under Dean's hands.
So, after it was all said and done, Dean finally got his apple pie life. They survived their latest catastrophe by the skin of their teeth. They saved the world just as the last of the sand slipped through the hourglass. It wasn’t neat or tidy or wrapped up in a bow – with God dead, not every supernatural and celestial being ceased to exist. Some angels instantly lost their mojo and fell in flames, but not all. Some demons immediately perished, but not every single one of them. Life, supernatural or not, is stubborn. It is a dying flame that will flicker out on its own, and Dean and Sam were tired of extinguishing those flames. They decided to let them flicker. There were other hunters, now. They could do what they wished with those last threads of heaven, hell, and everything in between.
in that moment; standing in the middle of the lush green cemetery, framed with grey headstones, old and new, crumbling and radiant. He tilted his head as he awaited Dean’s answer.
“I wish that I’d done something about it," Dean said, and it sounded like an apology. "I wish I hadn’t just pushed it away, ignored it, but I did, and now—now everything is—it’s different. It feels different. It’s fucked up, man, and yeah. We lost our chance."
“It takes some angels longer to die than others. Like me, apparently. It’s—it’s hell, not knowing when it’ll happen.”
Besides, would Lisa and Ben even like him? Lisa probably wouldn’t. He tried to imagine Cas in the kitchen with him instead of Lisa; handing him ingredients while he made burgers, and Dean wouldn’t let him help, because Cas would be a terrible cook; he’d burn everything. Cas would help the best he could, though, and he would clean up while Dean finally took a moment to lean back on the couch and rest his eyes, listening to the sounds of Cas doing the dishes, waiting for Cas to come join him, and then later they could go upstairs and Dean would see Cas smile and then they would –
, thinks Sam, grimly,
” asked Lee. “Yeah, I kind of assumed you probably were too. That’s how it usually goes.”
a dream. He was hunting a djinn after all. To keep their victims sedate while they slowly fed on their blood, djinn gave their prey their dream life. It was where the genies granting wishes myth had come from.
“I know … believe me, after all these years I’ve figured that much out at least. But never getting to talk to him about it? And how everything went down in the end with him making the deal to save me … I guess I let his advice get in my head anyway. Lee was only the second guy I’d ever actually been with, and there haven’t been any since.”
The worried feeling that had been growing in Dean’s stomach ratcheted up several notches.
“Yeah, why?” Sally asked again.
“Listen, you know he didn’t want to be found, wasn’t answering your calls. It might just be that. But he’s not staying at any of the local motels. And I found his car, parked by the sheriff’s station. Only the sheriff said Cas had come and gone. I don’t know Sammy, something here just … I don’t know. Anyway, I’ve got a couple leads. I’m thinking maybe Cas might have been doing some fishing—”
“Yeah, and taking him to a hospital helps ensure he doesn’t get
Now it was too late.
had been so happy. Dean didn’t want to bring him down from that just yet. And after all, Eileen surely was still resting. Sam needed to be there to care for her as she adjusted to not being a ghost anymore.
Now Dean was staring at Sam, wordless, his eyes nearly brimming over.
“Fight? What fight? You said you needed some R&R to try to recharge your grace, but then I got that call from the sheriff with you playing FBI agent …”
“Of course, on it now. Melly and Caleb Green,” said Sam, “But Dean, if this is a hunt…”
Cas smiled a bit at that. He hadn’t thought anyone would even notice when he’d disappeared into the djinn’s lair.
“Oh, it’s not you … or, well, not exactly. You see, I very much like kissing you. But I’m afraid you’re not real.”
“I didn’t realize, not that it matters at all, but I just always assumed you were heterosexual. You’re very … enthusiastic, in your pursuit of women that is. I’d never seen you pursue a man or reciprocate one’s advances … that’s all.”
Well, almost nothing.
Because that conversation? It was the last thing Dean wanted right now. Not that there was much of anything he
“Castiel, I don’t know if you can hear this — you being unconscious and not having your grace and all. But if you can hear me, then please, just wake up man. I have so much I need to tell you. So much I need to apologize for. You can’t die not knowing how much you mean to me, Cas. You just can’t. Please, just wake up. Come back to me Cas.”
He walked away, chuckling, leaving Sam burning red and tripping over an indignant response in the hallway behind him.
Sam scratched the back of his head, his face getting somehow even redder than before. He took a deep breath, then explained, “I’m suggesting that maybe, if this plot line appeals to so many people who are fans of Chuck’s writing, then maybe it would do something for Chuck too.”
“Lee and I were just holding each other and kissing a little and then my dad stumbled in,” continued Dean, “and he started yelling at Lee to ‘get your fucking hands off my fucking son.’ I was 26, so it’s not like I was a kid or anything. But Lee did have close to ten years on me. You wouldn’t know it looking at him now though — the man’s aged better than I have. But anyway, I’m sure the age difference maybe made things even worse for my dad.
Cas’ condition and the guilt for it were Dean’s to carry, both literally and figuratively, Dean felt. He assumed Sam had guessed as much when his brother eventually stopped offering, despite Dean’s gradually slowing pace and increasing number of stumbles as they neared the trailhead.
Cas, shook his head. He shouldn’t be thinking about Dean that way. It just made things harder to bear, in the long run. And he couldn’t afford mistakes right now, not with Dean so on edge ever since their drive back from Idaho.
Dean dug his lock picks out of his pocket and fitted them into the padlock as though he were in a dream. It was a heavy-duty type, but even in his befuddled state Dean’s practiced hands made quick work of it, the mechanism clicking open seemingly through muscle memory alone. Opening the door, Dean was surprised to find, not a supply closet after all, but a dark staircase winding down into the building’s stone foundation.
“What do you mean you
I apologize it’s taken me this long to update after chapter 1. I jumped the gun in starting to post this one. I know where I want the story to go, but it’s proving surprisingly difficult to get it there. There’s so much cannon baggage to work through.
Dean should feel more relaxed by now. Except for the whole a-djinn-might-bust-in-any-time-now factor. And also the fact that, when Cas did wake up, Dean was not at all sure how the conversation was going to go.
“It was a brief conversation really,” she replied. “We were both waiting for the sheriff at the station. When I heard he was an FBI agent, I asked him if he could help me find Caleb, because Sheriff Roy, he never takes anything I bring to his attention seriously.”
Which made the fact that Cas couldn’t take things any further with him very, very frustrating, even if it was Cas’ choice.
“Cas…”
Turning to Sam, the smile left her face. “Is Dean okay? I just saw him in the hallway. He looked upset.”
He’d go after Dean in a minute, but first he had three bodies to take care of before some passing civilian noticed. Sam turned with a sigh, then froze.
“I suppose that makes sense. It would explain why the spell worked so effectively on me.”
“No worries there Dean. Your timing actually couldn’t be better. We’re closed Wednesday’s for inventory. You and me have the place to ourselves. How bout I pour you a beer and you take a load off, huh?”
Cas wanted to be happy, seeing Dean so happy and full of laughter, but he knew his own laughter must sound hollow … he wasn’t that good of an actor. Fortunately, Lee was too preoccupied with Dean to notice. And Dean was too deep in the pitcher of beer to be especially perceptive.
Now that he’d finally accepted it, all of it, he had to also accept that Cas simply did not feel the same way. He’d made that very clear once again last night.
After the two friends settled into a booth, Cas filled Dean in with more detail on his conversation with Angela’s sister and with the staff at B’s. The food arrived and the talk shifted to how the fishing had been Idaho.
“Could you point this mine out to me on a map?” asked Dean, pulling up his phone’s GPS.
Cas’s stomach rumbled reminding him, once again, that he was human now and that, yes, breakfast would be a very good idea.
And really, wasn’t that just adding insult to injury? As an angel, he didn’t strictly need to breathe. If he’d been at full power, he wouldn’t even need his vessel’s heart to be pumping blood nonstop through this body.
“No,” said Cas simply, leaning back into his seat and glaring at Dean.
“Sam, I had no idea. I should have been here.”
“Hey,” Dean said as he answered, “you find that address?”
. There was no way to move without waking him. So after several minutes of worrying about the situation, Dean decided to instead lay quietly in the early morning light and try to enjoy the sensation of waking up with his best friend cradled against him like a lover. He’d probably never get another chance, after all.
Still … something felt off and Dean couldn’t shake his growing sense of worry.
“Fuck. Is that what I think it is?” Dean asked.
Dean watched the reunion, schooling his face into as close to a neutral expression as he could manage when his heart felt like someone was squeezing it in their fist.
Getting my momentum back on this one! The "Golden Time" events aren't quite wrapped up with Sheriff Roy still on the loose. Lots still to be said between Dean and Cas, and I plan to take this fic through at least the next episode, "Last Call." Thanks for sticking with me! Let me know what you think in the comments.
Dean checked Cas’ pulse and breathing again, then found himself sitting with the angel’s cheek once more cupped in his hand, staring at his friend’s sleeping face.
Sam jogged to catch up with him. “Hey, Dean, are you sure you’re okay? Cause last night you seemed sort of, um, upset? After Cas shot down that idea Eileen and I had?”
Grand Tetons … that fit. It’s beautiful country. The kind of place he’d imagine Cas choosing to go. Much better than flat Rexburg, Idaho, the sad Gas N’ Sip town Cas ended up in the last time he’d gone off on his own with no plan and no mission.
Dean wasn’t sure if it was his guilt over being the one to drive the angel away, that this was his fault and therefore his responsibility. Or it could be the mild sense of possessiveness he felt at times over matters to do with Cas — a feeling he knew had no right to.
Cas stiffened a bit in surprise at a hard pressure against his leg.
“Sam, I’m good, really I am. I know I’ve been off my game majorly lately. That’s why I just need to get out of the bunker, on my own. Clear my head a bit.”
After considerable maneuvering in the cramped space, Dean finally fastened his belt, straightened his tie, and headed into the local police station, the last place he knew for sure Cas had been.
Dean kissed Cas’ jawbone then his neck as one hand worked, once more unsuccessfully, to undo his belt buckle. Cas noted that Dean seemed to finally be running out of energy, the kisses growing lazier, the roaming hands less goal oriented.
“You think him being somewhere else changes that?”
Dean had gotten on a long explanation of the differences between classic and modern cars, and as he and Cas strolled through the scrapyard, Cas could almost pretend they were just out for a walk together. Dean was in his element here, pointing out different cars and explaining the intricacies of automotive mechanics. It was maybe even better than if they had been strolling through a park.
Even as Cas raised his other arm to return the hug, he could feel his body stiffen.
“Fanfiction research,” answered Sam. “We were trying to determine what plot lines were most popular in the
They drove in silence for a few minutes before Dean spoke again. “Will you be okay now?”
He still hoped they could have a life after their long saga ended though, if it ever ended. Maybe a life with Eileen in it …
“Yeah, it’s me. You’re safe. Just, let me grab the nurse, have her check you out now that you’re back with us.”
camping. And we were being safe. No one drove. The fire wasn’t even that big. No one else’s parents freaked out and went to the police when they weren’t home at the crack of dawn. You always jump to the worst conclusion. I’m surprised you didn’t have them dredging the lake or searching the mine, even though you know I wouldn’t camp in that part of the woods.”
It would be nice, Dean thought. Him and Sam and Cas falling into a domestic routine. Dean cooking, Sam and Cas doing the dishes … or maybe Cas would like to learn to cook. He would hangout in the kitchen as Dean made burgers or chili or chicken wings. He’d stand around and drink beers with Dean while he worked on the Impala too. And together, they’d fix up Cas’ room, personalize it. Because if Cas decided to stay, to make a home with Dean (and Sam, of course, too) Dean was sure that Cas would really
It was Cas. Dean had gotten brief whiffs of this scent before, in passing, but it was easier to contemplate now. Which made sense. He was in the angel’s car after all, where Cas had spent more time on earth than probably anywhere else.
“You’re not in your room” Eileen stated, sounding surprised and frustrated all at the same time as she appeared on the other side of the table.
He and Eileen headed to the garage while Cas wondered into the library, idly picking up a book from one of the tables and flipping through the pages without actually registering the words or images.
“Fishing?” Sam interrupted.
before. Even when he’d come closest to ending it, with the Ma’Lak box or after the last time Cas died when Dean had recklessly stopped his heart on a ghost hunt, he’d still been doing the job.
“Hey.”
But instead of leaning closer, Dean froze. It looked almost as if he had to consciously stop himself from closing the distance between his face and Cas’. He lifted his hand and cupped Cas’ cheek in his palm instead, a sob catching in his throat at the same time his face broke into a smile. His wet eyes beamed at the angel, who looked only vaguely conscious and very, very disorientated.
Sam had been on the other side of the room, having a somewhat frantic conversation with Eileen, half sign language half spoken words.
Dean stared into the flames, his heart still pounding in his chest, a look of horror gradually stealing across his face.
“Romantic history?”
When Dean opened his eyes again, they were dry, glassy, and blank. He turned and shuffled slowly back to his room.
“He was renting this old cabin, down on Sycamore. Kinda shabby looking place, small with a green roof. About a mile, mile and a half outside of town. Can’t miss it.”
. Sam would obviously be there, probably engaged to Eileen. They’d all live in the bunker together, and they’d only hunt run-of-the-mill monsters, no angel-demon-apocalypse shit. Nothing to do with Heaven, Hell, or Purgatory. Their Charlie would be alive again, and their Bobby. So would Mom. Jack would be just a regular teenager, alive and doing regular, if awkward, teenage things. And Cas … well Cas would obviously be there, living with them in the bunker, maybe even in Dean’s room …
The hunter pulled out his phone and brought up a list of local shops that sold bait and tackle. Simmzy’s was the name of the closest one.
“Dean?”
doubles available?” Texhoma was seriously middle of nowhere. What the fuck could have practically the
Cas couldn’t help himself, even though he already knew the answer, and even though he knew it would hurt 'like a bitch' — as Dean might say — hearing it spoken aloud.
“Um … sure, of course,” came Cas’ befuddled reply from the other room as Dean shut the bathroom door.
“I’ll call the sheriff. You go to B’s. I need some time to process this.”
“Oh, I’m not in that life anymore,” said Lee.
The problem, of course, was that “caring too little” had never been a part of his skill set. All Dean had ever wanted was to protect his family. Protect them from death, from evil, from hurt. His whole life he’d thought that was his purpose.
“Dean … is this still the dream?”
“Listen Cas, you’re not used to being human yet. I don’t think you realize how sore you’ll be in the morning …”
He’d never see Dean, the real Dean —
Dean flopped backwards on the bed. Cas set the empty glass on the bedside table before sitting down on the mattress next to Dean…who immediately lurched upwards and knocked Cas down onto his back. Cas shut his eyes, inhaling the other man’s scent — his shampoo and aftershave mingled with faint traces of gunpowder and motor oil — and enjoying the heavy pressure of Dean’s body sprawled across his own.
“Yeah, well, Lee was family once. I know him Cas. This ain’t him.”
Castiel found his voice first, “What are you suggesting Sam?”
“Cas, I …”
“When you find Clarence, can you have him give the shop a call, just to let me know he’s okay?” Andy called after him.
, thought Cas. He’d wanted to cheer Dean up and he’d only made him more sad. “I liked the song,” he offered instead, “the one you were singing together. Dean, I had no idea you were that melodic. Your singing in the shower suggested otherwise.”
He wasn’t even mad at Cas really so much as he was angry at himself. Cas was here. He was sticking around, and that should be enough. It was Dean who was messing things up, yet again.
What had that been anyway? Dean was not usually the sharing type, not without a whole lot of little brother pestering anyway. And had he really drank that much the first night on a hunt? What was going on with him?
I will not abandon this fic! It will get finished! Thank you to everyone who is sticking with me and reading this one still. Life has been rough, depression has been kicking my butt a bit this fall. But things are getting a little better and I'm trying to get back in healthier routines and back to writing. I've gone back through the story and ANY TEXT DIRECTLY QUOTED FROM THE SHOW IS NOW UNDERLINED. Stylistically, it's a little distracting. But the ex-academic in me needed to credit the words that were not mine.
“I didn’t disappear,” Caleb interrupted. “I wasn’t even gone 24 hours.”
If Sam hadn’t been nursing a hangover of his own, he would have pressed Dean further about where exactly he was going, which would have seriously compromised Dean’s plan to give Sam and Eileen some space — and to get some for himself. It was a lucky thing Sam and Eileen had overdone it themselves last night with margaritas. Sam was just too damn perceptive. Like that comment about how Dean had been “upset” last night … He wondered how much Sam had noticed or guessed at. Given how hopeless Dean’s own situation was, he’d prefer Sam not know anything about it at all.
like Dean looking at another man like that … he hadn’t even known Dean
What he was going to
Dean had only a second to register the “F.B.I.” scrawled on the tape on the back of the phone before he pulled himself into character.
Dean’s instincts, honed over decades of hunting, were screaming at him that something wasn’t right. But his mind and body were both fighting him. He felt like he was going to be sick, and he stumbled to his feet in search of the bathroom. Only when he got to the dark hallway on the far side of the bar, his eyes caught on a padlock on a supply closet. Why hadn’t he noticed that last night?
Dean by his side. Not the real Dean anyway.
” said Lee, looking Dean over like he couldn’t trust his eyes either. “
He’d push the last few people he loved away. But to do that, he couldn’t think about Rowena or Eileen or any of the others they’d already lost. When he did, he remembered the pain … and it made it too hard to turn off his feelings and stop caring about all of them … his friends … his family … the world.
For most people, it would be the body burning in the middle of the posh apartment that would evoke this look. Or being the one responsible for setting it on fire. Or at least being responsible for another body in the hall, blood still trickling sluggishly from the fresh bullet wound in the young woman’s chest.
“Fucking hell but I’ve missed you,” Dean’s hand was resting on the side of Cas’ face now, green eyes searching blue, and then suddenly Dean lurched forward, crushing his lips almost painfully against Castiel’s.
“If you continue to insist I get out of the car I am not above calling Sam to tell him what you’re really doing Dean.”
“You trying to get me drunk Lee?”
“Well, we’ll check both,” said Dean, hopping up from his chair and nearly tripping over it.
To be continued!
Of course, Cas hadn’t
So instead Dean just stared at his feet, completely missing the look of comprehension and then sympathy that crossed Sam’s face.
“You serious?” Dean’s head jerked up and he gave Cas an incredulous look.
As Roy reached for his door handle, Sam leapt from behind the nearby dumpster and slashed his arm with the lamb’s blood coated knife. Roy let out a hiss, and suddenly his eyes glowed blue, as did the intricate patterns of tattoos that suddenly covered his skin.
“What was that?” he asked, his mouth quirked into an affectionate grin. It had been so easy, so natural, to fall into this physical intimacy with his friend.
“Well, that’s what we were stuck on too. So after we got back to the bunker I decided to consult with an expert.”
“That must have been difficult, all these years never being able to share a part of who you are with those closest to you.”
“That’s right,” said Lee before smiling at Dean, who smiled warmly back.
“With your grace out. Is it … stable or whatever?”
“What is it?” asked Dean, “Are you cold?”
He cleared his throat, standing up straighter and shaking the sudden feeling of embarrassment off.
“Sure,” said Dean, grabbing the last of the meat lover’s pizza. It wasn’t often that Sam agreed to order what he called ‘the cholesterol special,’ and tonight Dean hadn’t even had to ask him to!
No … even if it hurt Sam, hurt their relationship more even than Dean sending Cas away had, Dean couldn’t help Sam with this. Not with Eileen. Not with the “milk run” to Rowena’s place. He just couldn’t.
“Dean, I know Lee is your friend, but it has been a long time since you knew him. We have to consider …”
They both stared silently into the dying flames. Neither had an answer.
do was stop playing. Stop caring. Stop feeling. Stop living in any meaningful way. If he couldn’t win, he could quit.
Dean and Lee looked at each other. Dean arched an eyebrow and Lee smiled and nodded. The two men stood up in unison and waded through the crowd to the source of the disturbance. They found two men, rough looking guys in biker leather, hassling a younger and very intoxicated blonde woman. She was saying “no” loud and clear and the men were not taking it for an answer.
The next thing Cas knew, fists were flying, and then bodies. He moved as swiftly as he could to Dean’s side, thinking to protect his intoxicated friend. But even drunk, Dean could take most anyone human in a fair one-on-one fight. He and Lee had made quick work of the two jerks, hurling them out the door, and were already giving each other a congratulatory slap on the back and quick hug while also surreptitiously checking each other for injuries.
“No, I guess not,” said Sam, “I’m not even sure he’d know what one looked like.”
Cas had to remind himself to breathe.
cute. It made sense that the angel would go as budget as possible on accommodations. He didn’t have many assets as far as Dean knew, and he hadn’t been using the credit card Dean had given him after the last time Cas had been human.
“I’ll be fine, Dean. I am not a child who you can tell to stay behind. I am a millennia old being who can and will make my own choices.” With that, Cas broke his stare. “Now, where are we going.”
“Yeah.”
It was an idea anyway. Cas waved the waitress over.
The most important thing was to not lose Cas as a friend,
“Dean! Come take a look at this.”
Dean thought angrily, guilt making his breath catch in his throat.
Two chapters in one week to make up for the long break! Might even be able to give you a third this week. :) Oh, and I added new tags...
He knew it wouldn’t be the same as it had been in his dream, but just a continuation of what he and Dean had right here in this booth? That would be enough.
“Sheriff Roy,” said Dean, his whole demeanor immediately shifting to one of polite professionalism. “Good to see you. You saved me a phone call actually. My partner here called me from a parking lot out in the national forest. Doesn’t know how he got there, but he’s back with us, safe and mostly sound.”
He’d never admit it to Cas or Sam, but he’d always liked knowing — after he met the angel — that there was someone listening to his prayers. Someone who actually gave a shit about him. It wasn’t about faith. He had lost that, if he ever even had it, long before he’d learned the truth about Chuck. It was more about knowing he was never completely alone in the world. Even when Cas didn’t come, Dean had known the angel still probably heard him. And that had been enough sometimes.
Sam’s glaring at Dean now. He felt bad about the anger that entered his voice, but he couldn’t help it. Dean hurting the people he loved in an attempt to save them … it was an old freakin’ story and Sam was over it.
Scratch that. He didn’t look like an asshole. He was, in fact, being an asshole.
“You want Cas and me to pretend to be a couple,” said Dean flatly.
“ And her car, that disappeared as well?” asked Cas
“Yes, that’s part of it,” answered Cas, staring out the window but unable to appreciate the bright, clear morning that stretched around them.
, with a smirk. Four sets of eyes glared at him, and he quieted back down with a frown. Lee’s good mood seemed to have evaporated completely.
He approached the glowing spot slowly, and was unsurprised when his light illuminated an angel blade and a small glass vial among the pile of IV bags, syringes, and rope.
Meanwhile, two states away, Castiel stumbled into the parking lot at the Jenny Lake trailhead. Melly and her son Caleb were already long gone. As thankful as they’d been that Cas had saved them from Sheriff Roy the djinn, the mother and son were even more unsettled by revelations about the existence of the supernatural. They’d been eager to put as much physical distance as they could between themselves and the events on the lakeshore.
his fault. It wasn’t just the hunting lifestyle. It wasn’t even just the whole apocalypse-destiny-thing. It was literally just them, Sam and Dean. They were the single biggest danger to anyone they considered family.
“I know that. Wait … Eileen? Sam’s friend Eileen? I thought she was dead.” Cas was becoming more disoriented by the second.
Ninety minutes later and Dean had checked every motel in town. At each reception desk Dean flashed his FBI badge and a photo of Cas, but no one remembered seeing him.
Cas slowly became aware of bright lights around him. Then a beeping sound entered his consciousness. But even after his eyes flickered open, it took him a solid minute to put two and two together and realize he was lying in a hospital bed.
“Thank you,” said Eileen, taking the keys from him, her tone clearly saying
to be useful. We want you around no matter what.”
And most depressing of all, there had been no clues as to the angel’s whereabouts.
Dean swallowed, nodded one small, tight nod, and shoved the vial back into his pocket. His tone was flat as he replied, “Good thing Sam wouldn’t let me put it back in you then.”
“Why do you say she was raptured?”
He froze in shock. This couldn’t be happening. It had to be some sort of dream. It couldn’t be real … could it?
witches, these three no less than 95% of the rest of those he’d met, even if they hadn’t been spewing any bodily fluids around when he arrived on the scene. Well, other than what Dean’s witch-killing bullet was responsible for splattering on the wallpaper in the hall.
“I don’t know Lorna,” said Lee, “That seems a bit too obvious right? Wouldn’t the lake be safer?”
“You must be Eileen. I was happy to hear of your resurrection,” said Cas, extending a hand. Eileen shook it with a smile.
“Uh, I don’t think you do,” said Dean, a little awkwardly, “But I’ve found whiskey doesn’t hurt.”
“Yes, that’s what her sister told me as well,” offered Cas, soothingly. “She sounds like a very virtuous person.”
Sitting by the bedside, watching his friend sleep, Dean had ample time to worry over what Cas’ reaction to being saved might mean.
Dean woke up, once again, with a pounding headache. No matter how much he drank, or how often, the hangovers never went away.
“I’m not sure we should be splitting up Dean,” said Cas, squinting his eyes and giving Dean that appraising look he was so good at.
So maybe this was still a part of the djinn dream? Last thing he remembered he’d been curled up in bed with dream-Dean, wishing it was the real-Dean he was holding in his arms. How could he have gotten from there to a hospital with no knowledge of how it happened? Did time jump like this in djinn dreams? If it could, it was the first he was seeing it. But he hadn’t been in the dream for that long, so it was possible this was just the first he was experiencing the phenomenon?
, thought Dean. “You ever seen any bodies round here like that before?”
“Sam and I, we were on this hunt, this serial killer ghost psychiatrist. I needed to know where the victims’ bodies were buried. So I used this drug to stop my heart to talk to the ghosts in the veil. I knew the risk I was taking, I knew it was stupid, I just didn’t care.”
Dean’s thoughts were cut off abruptly once again by a sudden drop in temperature in the bunker’s kitchen.
“Yeah,” said Dean, taking another drink and shuddering. “Yeah that one was … what happened to those kids … it was hard to forget.”
So he’d do what he needed to do. He was Dean-Fucking-Winchester after all. He’d been to hell and back, multiple times. He’d saved the world at least five times over. There was nothing he couldn’t do if he put his mind to it … even this.
Sam sat next to Dean, knowing the best move here was to wait for his brother to start talking on his own.
“Sheriff’s out,” the woman responded, barely glancing up at him before her eyes returned to the novel she was reading. Dean squinted at the book. It looked like one of those cheap romance books you could find at truck stops … not that Dean had ever picked one of those up out of boredom or curiosity or anything.
(See the end of the chapter for
So tell me I'm not the only one that was picking up serious sexual tension between Dean and Lee in that episode. Totally unacknowledged as always, but also totally there! Next chapter is actually mostly written. I'm on a roll; I've been looking forward to writing these scenes. I'll try to get that one up in the next few days. The new tags can give some extra foreshadowing in the meantime.
“You do have it though, the djinn antivenom or whatever right? I found a local butcher and got some lamb’s blood for the knives.”
“Yeah, the trunk smells like bleach. Like someone was trying to make sure no evidence would be here for the police to find. Seems like more effort than the typical monsters Sam and I hunt.”
He wasn’t sure. To have his real life blend so seamlessly with his dream world … the djinn must be a very old one, very skilled in the tools of its kind.
“We’re not sure what it means. I hung up immediately. Fortunately I was using a new burner — I didn’t want Becky to have one of my primary numbers, for obvious reasons — and I smashed it right away. But anyway, Chuck went to a fanfiction writer and expert for some reason. So I think it might actually lend credence to the theory Eileen and I have been working on. You see, when we couldn’t reach Becky, we started doing some research.”
Lee sidled up beside him, adding, “You two fellas have had enough. I think it’s time you went on home.”
He wouldn’t realize until much later that the phone was still clutched in his fist.
“Dean,” said Cas, placing a hand on the hunter’s chest to stop his momentum as he leaned in for another kiss.
“Dean,” said Cas, sitting down across from the two men.
Dean came out of the bar and — now Cas was sure he was imagining things — cast his friend a guilty glance before tossing him the keys to the Impala. “Would you mind driving us back?” he asked.
Dean chewed his lip. He didn’t like the idea, but Sam was right — it did kill two birds with one stone. And it was a djinn they were dealing with, not some high-level demon or anything. They’d never hid from djinn before.
“But it’s more than that. Dean … it’s almost like whatever took Angela knew we were here … knew we’d likely find this car and report it to the police.”
“Must be an enchantment,” Sam mused, a smile tracing his face as he thought about Rowena and her foresight in planning for burning bodies in her apartment.
, Sam realized with bewilderment as he pushed himself to his feet and walked slowly towards his brother, the way a person might approach a wounded animal.
If Dean couldn’t protect the people he cared about, then the only thing left to do was to try to care less. In fact, he could try to stop caring at all.
As soon as they were through the sliding doors, Cas grabbed the chair’s wheels, skidding it to a halt. “I can walk by myself.”
Cas sighed. It was a problem for another time. For now, he focused on reviewing what he had learned about the case.
“What is it Cas?” the man questioned, eyes still confused, and now looking a little hurt.
“Maybe that’s your answer,” replied Eileen, “Show him a happier, better way to finish the story.”
“Yeah,” said Sam quietly. “Yeah, I guess it was a dumb idea after all. Forget I mentioned it.”
The intimacy of the moment, despite the crowd around the two men, made Cas feel like an intruder. He shrank backwards to give them more space.
“Cas, for the fifth time, this is Dean. Listen, please, I know you’re mad at me. You have every right to be mad at me, I get it. I do. Just … if you can do this one last thing for me and then … well, then if you never want to talk to me again that’s fine, I’ll understand. But please, just call back just this one time Cas. … I need … just … please. Call me. Alright, bye.”
But then again … why hadn’t Lee recognized one of his regulars, especially one who had been in the newspaper? And had something been off about that discussion of where to hide cars too? Cas shook his head. He was probably reading too much into the situation again. These human emotions were just so much more … prominent than angel ones. Not that he hadn’t felt things as an angel, and felt them deeply. He’d just been able to compartmentalize more efficiently to maintain his logic despite the distractions.
“No, no … we don’t know if it is yet Sam. And Eileen is probably still resting—”
“Listen, how about you go talk to Angela’s family. Hear from them whether or not they think the Sheriff is right, that Angela might have just run off in search of brighter lights and bigger things. I’ll go check out this bar, Swayze’s, and see if Angela’s friend Sally shows up.”
thought Dean …
Dean felt like his blood had suddenly frozen. He’d been thinking basically the same thing, but to hear it stated so firmly and quickly by Cas … it felt like he’d just been dumped by someone he’d never even been in a relationship with.
Occasionally in the past he’d allowed himself to imagine a moment like this — those fantasies in fact going further, physically, then he’d allowed things to go tonight. But he’d never imagined Dean saying those words. He’d never dared hope, even in his wildest dreams, that this precise moment was possible.
“That’s not…” Dean began before stuttering to a halt. He tried again, “I never said you weren’t useful Cas. I just said you need to rest some more, okay? It’s not just that your angel batteries are drained. You’re not even at human 100% right now, not after that much blood loss just two days ago.”
“I’d like that,” Cas responded. Everything felt so easy between them. Cas wished they could get in the car and drive away from Texhoma and this case and Lee … forget about Chuck and Lilith … find a lake somewhere and sit side by side and fish away the rest of the day.
“His red blood cell count is back up into a reasonable range. Other than the bruising on his wrists that you explained was, um, from certain … recreational interests he has” — at this point Cas hid his now red face in his hand, one eye peeking out to glare at Dean who had the decency to look abashed — “he seems to be just fine. I’m prescribing you an iron supplement, Agent Worley. And I strongly suggest you follow up with your regular doctor about this sudden, severe anemia. It’s really quite abnormal, I’m not sure how to explain it. But keeping you here another night isn’t going to bring us any more answers I’m afraid.”
“Sheriff Roy. I’m Agent Plant, FBI. I believe you spoke to a colleague of mine, Agent Worley.”
“She woke up a few hours ago actually,” said Sam with a low chuckle, “just about cleaned out the refrigerator and hasn’t stopped asking me questions since, about Chuck and the ghost-pocalypse and everything else that’s happened in the last year. I think she’s itching to get out and stretch her new legs.”
Cas was wondering what the ethics of this situation were.
“I know Sammy, I know, but what am I supposed to do?” Dean’s voice broke completely, tears flowing freely once more.
“Dean, you wouldn’t…”
he let himself think — ever again.
“I’ll follow you.” And with that she turned on her heel and walked briskly to the Sam’s non-descript back up car.
the same thing, Cas,” Dean had grumbled more than once).
thought Cas. How many times had he already upset dream-Dean by explaining what was going on, and here he was, doing it again.
He wasn’t sure if he could have done anything much to help, but he was kicking himself for not having tried. The last time Dean had lost Cas he’d killed himself after all — temporarily, to be fair, but it was still reckless. Sam couldn’t help but feel like he should have been watching his brother more closely, no matter that Sam was also dealing with losing his mom, Jack, Rowena, and then basically Cas, same as Dean had been.
“Yeah. An angel. He was sent down from God to pull me out of hell.”
“I mean, below-the-crust-of-the-earth, ring-of-fire, devil-may-come hell. Yeah. I made a bad deal with a demon and got tossed down under in my late twenties. Cas got me out of it. I didn’t officially meet him until I dug my way out from six feet under, but yeah, he – ”
He hoped Cas didn’t get lost.
. There is no place for me with you. Maybe there never was, no matter how much I tried to convince myself.”
There was a familiar rush – a sudden presence, and Dean caught his breath.
“Sorry. I know.” Cas was smiling again, and Dean would have sold his soul one thousand times over just to see it. There was another long pause, and when Cas spoke again, the light in his voice was gone. “I’m not quite sure what to do with myself.”
Dean’s eyes slammed shut at the realization that he hadn’t contacted Cas in over a year. He just let him go, that day at the cemetery. That handsome navy blazer and those clear eyes in the late summer sunlight.
“Don’t you want to see me? Don’t you want to be with me? C’mon, man, what do you
"The two of us together - romantically, we'll call it - well, it would have been very special. Very..." Cas paused. Dean met the angel's full, expressive eyes, and Cas smiled sadly. "Ethereal."
"We both did."
And for the past twenty years, not with himself. Not when it came to Cas.
“Congratulations, then,” Cas said, and his voice sounded tight; probably because Dean’s shoulder was pressed into his neck. “I’m sure you’ll be a wonderful husband.”
“Exactly. There’s not much to say. I’ll just…continue my work with the other fallen angels, I suppose. Or at least, try to.”
has. And now, because it’s convenient for
.” Cas advanced with angry, confident steps and Dean instinctively backed away until his back hit the brick wall behind him. They stood in the small alley hidden away between the reception hall and the hotel next door. Cas radiated heat. His chest heaved, inches away from Dean’s.
ask me to.”
When the casket was lowered, Dean turned away to wipe at his face and saw a very still figure standing by a faraway tree. He didn’t have to get a closer look to know who it was.
There was no place for Cas here.
“Of course there is.” Dean grabbed at Cas’ coat, only to have the angel knock his hand off dismissively. “There always has been. Nothing about that has changed.”
Dean opened his eyes and stared straight ahead, suddenly extremely awake. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Cas casually fiddling with the dials of the radio, like he didn't just set the world in motion. Dean cleared his throat quietly, unwilling to ruin the softness, the stillness of the moment. When Cas didn't speak again, Dean realized he was actually looking for an answer. Oh, yeah. What was his question, again?
“That’s why I called, I suppose. I’m afraid. And you calmed me, whenever I felt something I wasn’t used to. Which was quite often, after I met you.”
“I also know what you’re going to say because you’re my friend, Dean. I know you. If you remember.”
Dean thought,
Dean tried his best to forget about the phone call after that night, but forgetting Cas proved to be more difficult now than it ever had been before. Now that the excitement of this new, fantasy-fulfilling life had died down, and the routine into which Dean settled became monotonous, he found himself itching to bolt. He didn’t know what, exactly, he wanted to run towards. The old hunting life? Not really. When Dean said he was tired, he sure as hell meant it. And without Sam, what was the point?
“And Ben,” Dean added absently, nodding away the image of Cas in the passenger seat of the Impala. “Her son. Maybe I can finally give them the life they deserve, if she takes me back. Maybe I can give them a good life.”
When Dean neared the tree, he vaguely registered that Cas was wearing tan pants, a white button-up, and handsome navy blazer, none of which Dean had ever seen before. Did Cas go shopping? What was that like? Would he have liked Dean to go with him?
Always full of so much that Dean couldn’t decipher. Or maybe he could. It scared him.
"I love you, I love you, I love you."
“You called. Call it a reflex.”
It wasn’t until the crowd began to disperse that Dean pulled away from Cas and stood by his side, both of them watching Sam’s grave.
The air stilled.
“It’s good to hear your voice.”
“So you were never a really good friend to him, huh? Well, up until the end, that is, when you were a bit too good of a friend.”
"Stop - you don't have to say anything. I shoulda been saying it for years. You deserved to hear it every day, every time I saw you, you deserved to hear it. I'll never get that chance back, and I'll never forgive myself for letting you go all those times - but we're here now, right? Right, Cas? So here it is, twelve years too late, but here it is."
He missed it sometimes. He told himself he didn’t, but he could only lie about so many things. But the adrenaline, the satisfaction of finishing a job, laughing at Sammy when he looked like an idiot and drooled when he fell asleep. Sammy, Sammy, Sammy.
for his father. Dean wanted to trust him, but after all this time still being stuck in captivity, he just wasn’t so sure anymore.
Dean just lay there, staring at the ceiling and wondered how much longer he could keep fighting. He had to find a way out.
Flicking his eyes up at Castiel as he began to fuck into him again took Dean’s breath away. The look of sheer ecstasy on the man’s face made Castiel look beatific. After always being taken from behind, Dean didn’t expect to get lost in those lust-blown, sapphire blue eyes as Castiel continued to take his pleasure.
Dean hesitated. That car was his one and only prized possession. “You aren’t going to take my car away from me, are you? It’s kind of special to me.”
Looking at the alpha, Dean’s brow knitted in confusion. “I thought you said there wasn’t a chance I could get pregnant?”
“He had this rule,” Dean explained. “All omegas in his household had to be spanked, twice daily. If their bottoms weren’t red enough for his liking, he’d give them some extra or order their mates to do it.”
Dean was dreaming of being back home again with his parents and Sam. Despite everything, he missed them, especially his brother. Dean was just dreaming of being in the backyard throwing around a baseball with Sam when he was gently woken up by a shake to his shoulder. “Dean, wake up. We can’t be late for dinner.”
“Fuck, you’re still as tight as a virgin, pretty boy,” the sheriff grunted as he hilted himself inside Dean.
Castiel explains why it had taken so long to rescue Dean, and then the pair have a much needed romantic reunion.
Dean looked up at the monitor and couldn’t see anything but a mass of black and grey. Realistically he knew his child would be too small to see after only a month, but he kept hoping to see
“What makes you say that?” the prosecutor asked.
“Yeah, wow I had never even considered that angle,” Dean said. “That’s awesome!”
“You’re already so wet for me,” Castiel purred as he scooped up some of the slick with his fingers and coated his length with it. “Are you ready for me?”
“We…don’t need to practice that. I just needed you to be aware of it because my father will expect your ass to be just as red as all the other omegas. If he sees one that isn’t red enough, he will bend them over the nearest surface and use his belt.”
“What the fuck are you talking about? Of course, I’m human! Just because my biology allows me to mate with an alpha and get pregnant doesn’t make me less human!”
“So… I’m not about to let you hunt alone,” Sam said. “I told Eileen as much and she started pulling away.”
Castiel grabbed his new favorite coat, a tan trench coat he had picked up on sale a couple of weeks back. The man practically lived in the thing now, Dean thought in amusement as they made their way out of the suite.
“Sorry to startle you,” the man apologized. “My name’s Chuck and I needed to talk to you about something.”
As Jenny bared her fangs, Sam snuck up behind her and cut off her head, much to Dean’s relief. Then as Sam went to attack one of the vamps holding him, Dean turned to sucker punch the other as soon as his arm is freed.
“You have been found guilty of some of the most grievous mistreatment of omegas that I have ever heard. The fact that you actually believed that how you were treating omegas was right, and that you tried to bribe the very leaders of our government in order to make your actions legal, is reprehensible,” the judge began. “I sentence you to the maximum punishment. You will be fully castrated, with the removal of your entire scrotum and penis. You are also to be forcibly mounted by a series of alphas until such time as you have turned and have become an omega. Finally, you are to be incarcerated for the rest of your natural life with your three alpha sons, Michael, Balthazar and Raphael. You will be the only omega they are allowed to mount for as long as you live.”
“We’ll escort you back,” the officer said. “Just to make sure you don’t have any more trouble.”
As soon as he’d fished the card out of his wallet, his dick twitched with anticipation.
“Yeah, because things changed between us,” Dean explained. “He got me away from the estate after his dad threatened to send me to a training facility to be properly
“Alright, but they’ll have to stay outside,” the bailiff said as Dean was escorted back. “The judge wants to speak with you privately.”
“I’ll tell you everything, but suffice it to say my father has finally been arrested,” Castiel said with a smug sound in his voice. “How are you doing Dean? I was getting regular reports from Gabriel, but I was worried that you were being mistreated.”
Lining one wall hung a variety of painful looking straps, paddles, and whips. Hanging from the ceiling were a pair of wrist cuffs attached to a set of chains. Below them on the floor were steel ankle cuffs bolted to the floor, along with a drain. In one corner was another large cage.
The alpha…Castiel…nodded in understanding. “I am sorry Dean. These last few weeks have not at all been what I pictured being mated to you was going to be like.”
John blinked and the next thing he knew he was standing in a darkened bedroom. Looking down, he recognized his son sleeping in the bed. This clearly wasn’t a sleazy motel room, he realized as his eyes adjusted to the dim light and noted the personal touches around the room.
“Well, let’s finish enjoying the pie first, okay?” Dean insisted.
“Dean, I want to make love to you. This time when I claim you, I want it to be from a place of love.”
“Do you have any questions regarding the list of rules I gave you?” Castiel asked.
Dean was surprised to see a flash of anger cross his father’s face before he schooled his features. “Yes, of course. Please, take care of him?”
Before Dean’s mind could swirl completely out of control, Castiel arrived, closing the bedroom door behind him. Walking over, he ran his hand through Dean’s hair before giving it a little tug. “Hmm, I think we’ll let this grow out. I like to be able to get a good grip when I’m fucking.”
“It’s the least I can do,” Gabriel replied. “After all the pranks I played on him as a kid. Cas didn’t have it easy being the youngest.”
Cas sat up on the bed and reached out his arms. Rolling his eyes, Dean climbed onto the bed and settled into the man’s arms. He felt a mix of ridiculous and comforted at the same time.
Dean asked himself as he stared forlornly at the bit of broccoli he’d picked up with his fork.
His hips twitched while Castiel kept sucking him. Dean was close, but not close enough. Letting out a whine of desperation, Castiel slid two fingers into Dean’s well-used hole, rubbing his prostate again. That did it. Dean saw stars as his dick pulsed a load of seed into Castiel’s mouth, the man swallowing every drop.
They sat in companionable silence for a moment while Dean processed, while Castiel ran gentle circles with his thumb over the back of Dean’s hand he was holding. Finally, Dean took a deep breath and looked back up at Cas. “Look, here’s the thing. I want all of that. I’m so glad to have you back and I want to do
Dean thought about it for a long moment as he kept enjoying his food. “Mechanic. I always wanted to be a mechanic. I worked with my dad on his car all the time. A classic 1967 Chevy Impala. Man, I loved that car.”
Dean’s eyes widened at that revelation. “You popped a little blue pill just so you could fuck me into next week?” Dean asked with a laugh.
Dean was so stunned he merely nodded before the alpha closed the door and moved around to the driver’s seat and got into the car himself. Using a remote, the alpha raised the garage door for the bay the car was parked in and put the car into drive as soon as he had clearance.
Castiel looked at him nervously. “Well, um…”
Castiel came back with a couple of bottles of water and bags of chips for them. “He didn’t seem suspicious of me. I couldn’t smell any sort of recognition on him. Thankfully I’m looking pretty scruffy compared to any photos that might be circulating, and you do as well.”
Dean was beginning to realize that he was falling in love with Castiel. He was ready to let the alpha fully and truly claim him, once and for all.
Dean’s father-in-law was suddenly hovering over him with an angry scowl. “It had to be you. Out of all the omegas in this house and out of all my sons. My rebellious son and his defiant omega had to be the ones to produce my coveted triplets!” he growled.
“I’ll probably be in the training rooms with my new mate for at least a week, maybe more,” Castiel told his father. “It’s clear he was never given proper training by his family.”
“You argued with him, but you still went along with that rape ceremony? And you treated me like a subhuman possession for weeks!”
Castiel maneuvered them so they could lay on their sides while his knot kept pumping seed into Dean at regular intervals. Dean hugged the alpha’s arms to his chest and cried for all the love he felt from this man, his mate. His alpha.
Such a wave of joy rippled through Castiel that Dean could literally smell it on him. Before he knew it, he was on his back again, being kissed fiercely. Castiel was all smiles when he knelt between Dean’s legs again, but this time Dean had another idea. He turned around and got on all fours, and presented himself to the alpha like a
“You did when I was human, yeah,” Dean said. “But I’m not human anymore. Plus, I didn’t want to tip Sammy off.”
Castiel and Dean continued to relate their story, of the constant surveillance they were under at the Novak Estate, the punishments that Castiel’s father had insisted upon, and the constant fear for Dean’s safety. Then they addressed the issue of the Dissolution of the Omega Rights Bill.
Dean screamed as Castiel’s teeth tore into his flesh. When he felt the mating bond snap into place at the same time Castiel’s cock began flooding his hole with potent alpha seed, Dean’s body was wracked with an intense orgasm. The blinding pleasure was almost too much, and it took him several moments to come back to himself.
When Dean reached out and stroked Castiel’s cock, the demon whistled. “Nice package you got there, angel. Too bad you’ll ever get to use it.” Before Castiel could even whine in protest, Dean grabbed something from the table. “I’m going to keep this bad boy caged up, nice and tight.”
“What were your father-in-law’s plans for you after your pups were born?” he asked.
Dean was breathing heavily, and he whimpered at every thrust from being oversensitive, but he nodded anyway. “Yeah, I’m ready Alpha.”
“Oh man, do I have a lot to catch you up on,” Dean said, looking at his angel, his mind racing a million miles a minute. Then his mind stopped, recalling the last thing Castiel had told him. “But first, I… I need to tell you something. There was no time the other day, what with Billie breaking the door down and the Empty just swooping in like that—”
“Dean could be ready in a few minutes or it could take another hour or so,” Gabriel said. “He’s farther along than I would have expected. Dean must have slept through the earliest part of his contractions.”
Once Dean was finished washing everything else, he shoved the body wash back at Castiel and leaned forward to whisper into the alpha’s ear. “Please, don’t make me touch you there.”
seemed to keep going on forever when finally Dean felt the alpha grip his hips tighter, just before he slammed his knot into Dean, causing yet more screams. Just as the knot tied them together, Dean felt the alpha lean over him and whisper into his ear. “You’re mine now, pretty one.”
They had a long way to go to reconcile their differences, but Dean appreciated that Cas had stood up for him and spirited him away before he could be sent to one of those god-awful training centers.
Dean flipped through the pages of designs, spotting a few that he’d never agree to, like
“True, but look, if all this hadn’t happened, we wouldn’t have called attention to what your dad and others like him were trying to pass in Washington. Now at least the world knows and maybe…just maybe that’ll be enough to stop it.”
“I don’t care, doc,” Dean insisted. “I need something. Please!”
. Not like that. If you are being punished, you will be informed exactly what the punishment will entail and why you are receiving it. Afterward, you will be forgiven for whatever you did to earn the punishment,” Castiel explained. “When I need to bring you pain, even when you have been well-behaved, I will also clearly tell you what I will do, and I will try to tell you why I need to do it.”
“They passed omega equality laws there a few years ago. If I can get to Canada and plea for amnesty, I could live free of all of your dad’s God forsaken protocols.”
“I’m sorry, Cas. I wasn’t thinking. Maybe you could tell him I’m scared about the
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good,” Dean said. “That bastard had it coming. I hope this ends the bid for any sort of future alpha rights legislation.”
“I’m almost ready, Dean,” Castiel said as he came out of the bedroom. “You’re awfully eager this morning.”
“How much
“Isn’t that obvious?” Castiel asked as he pulled Dean closer to him.
“Thanks!” Dean said gratefully as he arranged the tray on his lap and bit into the burger. It was hot, juicy and oh so delicious. “This is perfect!” It took only moments for him to devour the entire burger and fries, washing it all down with the milkshake.
When they both broke for air, Dean pulled Castiel into another hug. At the same moment, Miracle made himself known, jumping up and pawing at them. “Oh, hey there buddy,” Dean said as he pulled back. “Castiel meet Miracle.”
Dean leaned forward. “Alright, let me give this to you straight, Your Honor. Yes, the first few weeks with Cas were rough. I did not consent to the claiming, nor would I allow him to train me to be the
As he’s being held down, a fifth vamp walked up. This one isn’t wearing a mask and Dean recognized her. “I know you! Jenny?! Son of a Bitch!”
Woulda, coulda, shoulda.
“Cas…” The words caught in Dean’s throat. He forgot how scary Cas was when he spoke like this. Dangerously calm. Furious in that cold, calculated way. All those years in heaven, repressing whatever it was he felt.
And If Dean said, “Cas was an angel of the Lord,” well, then, Dean probably wouldn’t be able to say much more, at least not without the help of the expensive whiskey.
And Cas. Cas was all that Dean had left of that life, and Dean didn’t even call him. It wasn’t that he didn’t think of him – he did, all the time. But Dean didn’t know where Cas would fit in, in all this normalcy. He didn’t know what he wanted from Cas. A friend? An ally? A fellow hunter?
“I can’t. I
“We’ll find a place in the picture. Just for you, Cas, yeah? Just for you.” The stars began to spin as Cas finally looked Dean square in the eye.
Dean promptly vomited all over the front porch.
And then, Cas, being Cas, turned it upside down.
Dean blinked back unwelcome tears and tore his gaze from the sky.
“There are quite a few messes left that I have been cleaning up. Some demons still roam the earth. Other supernatural entities terrorizing families. Fallen angels.” Cas made a small noise in the back of his throat. “I’ve been trying to manage it all. I’m not a very good hunter. I’m not very good at connecting with the fallen angels. A lot of resentment, there. But I’m trying.”
But for Dean, of course, it was none of those things. Dead bodies, one burning and two that needed burning … that was just another Tuesday. And besides … witches.
“Took you long enough,” Dean snapped at Sam, before turning to Eileen and immediately shifting to a smile and a gentler tone. “Hey Eileen good to see you all … alive again.”
“Sam and Eileen are already on their way back to the bunker,” said Dean, “Sam said to tell you he’s sorry he couldn’t visit you in the hospital. With him taking out the sheriff, we figured it was best if he didn’t show up on the security cameras. But don’t worry about your car. Sam’s driving it back, and Eileen’s driving back the one they brought out here.”
“Well, we were at B’s. I was finishing my drink from last call, so Angela and I were the last two to leave as they were shutting down. They don’t get the crowds there that they do here at Swayze’s. It’s why Angela liked to try to get us to go there instead sometimes.
And so they found themselves being bustled through the discharge procedures until, suddenly, Cas was sitting in a wheelchair being pushed out of the hospital by Dean.
Dean wondered. Andy went on, “He was usually the first costumer here in the morning. Real early bird Clarence. And he’d usually chat with me a bit before he headed to the lake.”
Cas’ brain spun, part screaming at him to run, part telling him to trust Dean, part just trying to figure out what the hell was going on.
He’d found him. Dean had found in him time. But he still felt like an utter failure. And it wasn’t just about Cas getting hurt after Dean had let him walk out of the bunker and out of their lives.
“It’s, uh, a story for another time,” said Sam, who had gone an even deeper shade of red. “Back to the topic at hand, I tried to call Becky, but she didn’t answer her phone. Chuck did.”
Cas’ heart sank to his feet.
“You don’t have
“What?” said Dean, his face taking on a stricken look.
Dean, finally sans boots, scooted up to the headboard — leaving one side of the bed clearly open for Cas to sit down as well — and turned on the TV to begin flipping through the channels. He stopped on an old Western, one he and Cas had already watched together previously. “This okay?”
He sat in one of the vinyl chairs Charlene had gestured at, noting that not a few of them were occupied. In Dean’s experience, small town sheriffs went one of two ways. You had ones like Jody, who took their duty to protect and serve extremely seriously, and then you had those who were in it for the authority, who tended to think they were above the job and the people they were meant to help. It was starting to look like Roy was the later.
“I do. But Dean, we need Cas too.”
And Cas had the ridiculous thought — absurd really, because it would never happen — but he couldn’t help thinking that he didn’t want their first time to be less than real.
Sam let out a relieved breath and smiled broadly. “Good.”
“What’s the matter there Cas? I got something on my face?” said Dean. Cas blushed and looked away, though Dean’s voice sounded oddly pleased rather than irritated.
Cas looked more baffled than ever, his head cocked to the side. “What? … Dean, you do realize that makes absolutely no sense.”
He was vaguely surprised to find himself working very, very hard to hold back tears.
“Sally Anderson?” he asked.
“I haven’t seen him that messed up since the whole Michael possession thing. And even then, it wasn’t like this. He was at least still doing the job, going through the motions. The last few weeks though,
“Wait, wait, you just, drove all the way here to help me with a simple djinn hunt?” Cas was still feeling bewildered. Dean wasn’t telling him something. This was
Castiel led him out of the car and over to his dad. “We can’t stay long, Mr. Winchester, but Dean really wanted to talk to you.”
They finally made it to the passport office without seeing any signs of Michael. Castiel led Dean to the counter, where he dutifully knelt. “Hi. I’m here to pick up the passport for my omega? My name is Castiel Novak and my mate is Dean Novak.”
“Dean, please,” Castiel tried pleading.
“Do you still want to stop by your parent’s house?” Castiel asked. “We shouldn’t spend too much time before we start heading north.”
Gabriel sat on the bed next to Dean. “It’s not for your benefit, that’s for sure. He was hell-bent on having you broken six-ways to Sunday in that training facility of his. It’s that baby you’re carrying. He doesn’t want to risk harming one of his grandchildren, regardless of which of his sons fathered it. His legacy is what matters to him.”
Then Dean was being unbuckled from the altar and guided up. Before he could even get his bearings, Dean was led to stand in front of the alpha. “Omega, kneel before your alpha,” the priest directed.
Castiel and Dean hold a press conference to share their ordeal with the world and hopefully sway the vote in favor of omega right. On their way back to their hotel, they run into an unforeseen complication.
“A lot is riding on the outcome of this trial,” Castiel said. “There is no doubt in anyone’s mind is that out father is guilty. I think all the testimonies will help determine the extent of punishment that he’ll be due.”
Once Castiel was done, Dean turned around, grabbing for the bottle of body wash Castiel had been using and repeated the process on the alpha. He started with Castiel’s shoulders and back and worked his way down, before Castiel turned around and Dean worked his way up, ignoring one prominent body part. Dean was still in his cage so Castiel had been able to ignore Dean’s penis, only perfunctorily soaping his balls a little. Castiel, however was uncaged and now fully aroused.
Castiel began to pepper Dean’s ass with gentle spanks, making Dean’s skin sting and tingle. As the blood in Dean’s body rushed to his lower extremities, Dean realized that his hole also ached and leak slick. He didn’t want to like this, but his body had other ideas.
“Omega Rights Amendment?!” Dean and Castiel said in unison.
Castiel released Dean’s wrists and wrapped his arms around Dean’s thighs, pulling him closer before fucking into Dean hard. He set a brutal pace, slamming his hips into Dean hard and fast. Dean whimpered at the renewed fervor of their coupling, his cock stirring fully back to life as his prostate was again being targeted. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d gotten hard twice in a row this quickly.
“Well, as far as I’m concerned, you’re a shoo-in for Heaven,” Dean said with a smirk, reaching out to straighten Castiel’s perpetually crooked tie.
Dean was still in a bit of a daze as they were driven to the tiny airstrip and led onto a small plane. As they settled into their seats, Dean willingly snuggled into Castiel’s arms and watched through the tiny window as the world dropped away.
“As long as you keep wearing your cage and plug, no.”
Dean nodded. “Gotcha.”
“I wouldn’t have had it any other way, my love,” Castiel replied, kissing Dean on the forehead.
Pulling over and turning off the engine, Dean waited. The sheriff sauntered over with a smug look on his face. “License and registration, please.”
When Dean existed the judge’s chambers, Castiel was already there waiting for him. Dean ran to his alpha and flung his arms around Castiel’s neck. “I was so afraid she was going to take you away from me!”
Dean continued to drive, following Castiel’s direction as they zig zagged their way along various highways and side roads, avoiding towns as much as possible. Dean did his best to keep to the posted speed limits to avoid getting pulled over.
Dean let out a needy whine as those spanks increased his arousal. A moment later, Castiel mounted Dean, grasping his hips tight and spearing his enormous cock into his very core. As soon as Castiel was hilted, he bent over Dean, grasping the back of his neck between his teeth. As Dean felt his entire body go pliant for the dominating alpha, Castiel rutted into him at a punishing pace.
“Um, yeah, I think so, how are you? What happened?
That had Castiel loosening his grip, running soothing fingers over his pained scalp. “Well, I don’t plan to just
“When is your next heat?”
Once Dean’s hair was combed, Castiel led them down to dinner.
“What? Wait, you’re telling me, if I don’t wear one of those damned contraptions, any alpha at the estate can just rape me?”
Just as they are ushering the kids out, they are confronted by the vamps whose faces are hidden behind those bizarre clown masks.
Dean’s fingers came up to run his fingers across the thin metal. “Nah. I think I want to keep it. At least for now. It’s the first piece of jewelry you ever gave me,” Dean said with a wink. “Besides, it’s a reminder of everything I’ve had to endure.”
“Well, no, we had a bit of a rough start,” Dean replied. “But we worked it out.”
They also included a swimming pool, a kiddie pool, and a hot tub in the back of the new mansion, along with a playground with every imaginable equipment for the kids. They wanted this to be a happy place for the pups to grow up.
“We might still be,” Castiel growled. “Michael is following us. I am guessing my father has become suspicious and has sent him to spy on us.”
from the Pizza Man.”
“Hey, you naughty pups,” Dean groaned. “Couldn’t you at least have waited until morning?”
As he and the other omegas continued to be spanked, Dean could smell the mix of both alpha and omega arousal in the room. Everyone seemed to be getting aroused by the proceedings.
“I also know you find both men and women attractive, and that you are deeply ashamed of your attraction to men,” Castiel stated, matter-of-factly.
Dean got a goofy grin on his face as memories from the past three months flashed through his mind. “He’s been a great dad. We have a nanny, but he still helps with feedings and diaper changes. We both play together with them every day and he loves to read them stories.”
“Cas?!” Dean asked hesitatingly.
“How soon can you begin the process of breaking him?” Dean heard his father-in-law ask. “I’m sure you’ve seen the news, so you know he’ll be a difficult omega to bring into line, but if you can tame him, it will prove that all omegas are tamable.”
“Thanks for letting me kiss you. I was just so happy, I didn’t know how else to convey it.”
Castiel just nodded, ignoring Dean’s sarcasm. “I’ll call Gabriel and see if it’s safe to go back yet or not.”
Nodding his head, Dean acknowledged that. “Yeah, after I presented, dad really freaked out when I went out one time. Nothing happened, but I get it. I see it all the time on the news when an omega gets caught by one of those alpha gangs.”
Gabriel pulled out his cell phone and dialed someone. “Hey, it’s me. Yeah, we’re out back. Ok. Yeah. Got it. Thanks.”
“Why is the Prime Minister being so nice to us?” Dean wondered aloud.
Dean turned back to the looming vamps. There were only four of them, so this should be easy.
“Okay Dean, the pups are probably hungry after all that,” Gabriel said as he came into the room. “You need to start feeding them.”
“So, what changed your mind? Besides the shiner your dad gave you?”
While Cas was kissing him senseless once again, he reached over to his nightstand and pulled something out of the drawer. Looking over, Dean laughed when he saw it was a bottle of lube.
When Castiel returned, he set out the food in the kitchen before putting away the groceries he’d gotten. Dean noted that he restocked the canned food he always kept handy, while also getting some bread, fixings for sandwiches, fruit, veggies and even some steak. “I thought we could maybe grill these for dinner tomorrow,” Castiel explained as he saw Dean watching him put away everything. “I even picked up an apple pie.”
Gabriel then spread lubrication all over Dean’s abdomen before turning on the machine and pulling the ultrasound probe free. He began to slowly run the probe over Dean, below the stomach where his uterus was. He went slow, pressing in more in some spots and making thoughtful humming sounds every now and again.
Mary looked at him with tear filled eyes. “You have no idea. Come on, come inside. I’ll make some coffee.”
At least Dean still wore his collar, which were required of all mated omegas. He now saw it as a symbol of commitment to his mate, rather than that of oppression. He had wanted to get the anklet removed but it had been fitted exactly for his ankle and removing it may injure him. So, Dean accepted it would remain there permanently, as a stark reminder of omega oppression. At least they had been able to carefully remove the ring attached to it that had allowed him to be chained.
“Yes, sir,” Dean said, giving Sam a final squeeze before John pulled Sam away.
“I’ll expect you to help clean around the house and with maintaining the property,” Castiel explained. “I’ll ease you into everything tomorrow. You will not leave the property without my permission. In fact, I’d like for you to hand over the keys to your car. Driving into town will be a special privilege you can earn for being my good boy.”
. Twice each day. If they don’t have a red enough bottom…my father will…correct the problem.
John suddenly sat upright. “What about Dean? Is he okay? Did something happen to him? To Sam? And where the hell is Mary?”
“Dean? Are you sure?” Castiel asked as he hesitated.
Dean rubbed his hands over his face and through his hair while he thought about everything they’d just talked about and learned from each other. He looked over at the alpha and really studied him. Besides the nasty black eye, the man wasn’t bad looking. To be honest, before all this mating business happened, Dean would have thought he was kind of hot. He also had a look of abject misery and desperation on his face and for a second Dean almost felt sorry for him. Almost.
,” Gabriel said as he turned to the scowling man. “There is something we need to talk about.”
Dean thought.
Dean couldn’t help the flinch when Castiel caressed his ass. “Relax, omega,” Castiel warned, while massaging Dean’s buttocks. “Focus on how much pleasure it will give me to see this beautiful, pert ass of yours turn a rosy shade of pink.”
“My new son, Dean Winchester, soon to be Novak, I welcome you into my family and my home. This will be your first round of discipline from me. If you are a good and obedient omega, may also be the last.”
Dean drank gratefully, suddenly realizing how thirsty he was.
Then the cock breached and slid into him. A long, slow, continuous slide. The stretch and burn around the large member was worse than it had been for the plug and Dean was screaming anew. Then the alpha set a rapid pace, thrusting in and out of Dean hard and fast.
Dean moaned at every thrust as the sheriff grabbed Dean’s cuffed arms for leverage, letting him pound even harder into Dean, slamming against his flaming backside and sparking a perfect mix of pain and pleasure.
As Dean had suspected, things didn’t change for omegas overnight. While some employers were willing to hire omegas immediately, many realized that most omegas hadn’t had an even basic education yet and were only suitable for menial labor.
A shudder ran through Dean as his mind processed that mental image. “Y… yes, sir.”
he was. Following all the idiotic rules Castiel taught him would be one thing. The one problem he knew was going to be able to keep his mouth shut. As Castiel came around to release him from the back, Dean took a deep breath
“So, what’s going on?” John asked. “There isn’t a problem is there? We’re sorry we weren’t able to train him up proper for you Mr. Novak, so I’m sure you had your hands full with Dean, but it looks like you have him well in hand now.”
“He’ll get life in prison, right?” Dean asked as they sat down to watch the sentencing.
With that, the man stood up, pushing Dean’s plug back into his hole. Then he pulled Dean up on wobbling legs and once again pushed him to his knees. “You know what to do,” the sheriff said, waving his soft dick in Dean’s face. Rolling his eyes, Dean leaned forward and did his best to lick the sheriff’s cock clean. Thankfully, this time the man did not ask him to lick his spend from the side of the car.
Dean relaxed at the news. “Why is the old man being so nice to me? Besides keeping me chained up and naked. I was expecting to wake up and get my ass beat from here to kingdom come.”
Eventually, Dean started to feel restless, and he was twitchy when he’s restless. One morning during breakfast, after Sam had left for his usual run, Castiel poured Dean another cup of coffee. “What’s wrong?”
“I’m already happy to know you were the alpha who bought me,” Dean confessed. “I really hoped it was you. I… enjoyed meeting you last week.”
They continued on their way to the garage and Castiel secured Dean into the back of his car as before. It wasn’t until they were away from the estate before Dean felt like he could finally speak freely again.
Thankfully, the hypersensitivity slowly eased and being fucked began to feel good again. Valiantly Dean’s cock tried to rise to the occasion as it kept being rubbed between the towel and Dean’s sticky abdomen. Castiel slowed his thrusts and let out a filthy groan, making Dean think he might have come. Instead, Castiel slid his still hard dick out of Dean’s ass and flipped him over onto his back, grabbing him by the thighs and folding Dean in half before slamming back into him.
When Castiel and Gabriel came back, they immediately scooped up the boys and turned off the television. “Let’s all go to the park,” Castiel suggested. “No need to sit at home and stress over the election results so early in the day. We can do that after the polls have closed and the boys have been put to bed for the evening.”
“Just stay safe, for both your own sake, and for the sake of all the omegas in our country,” the sheriff replied. “That’s all I can ask for.”
“It will work in our favor. They are looking for a wealthy, clean-cut alpha and his very naked, clean-cut omega. With your build with clothes on, you look more like an alpha from a distance. Keep your collar under your clothes and we might still pull this off.”
“You feel amazing,” Castiel groaned, peppering Dean with kisses.
For the hundredth time, Dean dragged the now crumpled sheets of paper out of his back pocket as he lay back on yet another motel room bed. Unfolding them, he stared at the title as he unbuttoned his jeans and took out his already semi-hard cock.
Dean remained dumbfounded as the alpha drove them away from the estate. The alpha seemed to be keeping to the back roads and avoiding major thoroughfares. After over two hours of driving, Dean felt the lack of whatever he was being fed through the IV as his stomach grumbled.
“I won’t let them rattle me,” Dean promised. The twins had finished feeding so Dean stood. “Time to put these two down for their nap. I’ll be right back.” Dean carried the twins into the makeshift nursery they set up in the apartment, and laid them next to each other in the crib.
“Dean Novak, you are dismissed,” the judge said. “Counselors, I’d like to see you both in my office.
Sitting back down, Sam picked up his plate and then the next thing Dean knew, the pie was being smooshed into his face, while Sam laughed. “I have wanted to do that for a
“Place your hands behind your back, pretty boy,” Castiel directed as he began to open his belt and unzip his jeans. “Now I promised to keep you well-fed. I’m going to give you a little appetizer to tide you over until dinner. Open that pretty mouth.”
“Yeah, I got that impression. We’re just pleasure slaves and brood mares to men like him. But we have minds and feelings and opinions.”
“What’s this?” Sam asked before looking at the document. “Is this… a job application?”
Later that night, still enjoying the pleasant ache in his ass, Dean checked into a motel in a town several hours down the highway. Sitting on the single bed, he fished out the paper in his pocket and unfolded it. What it said made his dick twitch again.
“I think we should let Dean get some rest,” Castiel said. “Why don’t you all join me downstairs for some refreshments?”
Castiel thrust the knot into Dean as he bent over his mate. “Last chance Dean. Will you let me claim you properly this time?”
Castiel flashed a brilliant smile before pulling Dean in for another kiss.
A shiver ran through Dean. “You really want to mate me…
omega.
“That’s more like it,” the sheriff said, pulling Dean upright, turning him and pushing him down until the dirt and gravel dug painfully into his knees. Looking up at the sheriff, he watched as the man opened his fly and pulled out his rock-hard cock. “Now, be a good boy and get my cock nice and wet. If I feel teeth, you’ll earn yourself another sound whipping, do you understand?”
Dean’s hands clutched his abdomen protectively at the thought.
There were several people already in the room, setting up all the equipment. Castiel was pacing in the corner on his phone. “Yes, we’re sure. His water broke. Please, just make sure you’re ready in case we need you.”
As he relaxed, he realized he could feel how pleased Castiel was. It wasn’t just from the pleased scent rolling off him in waves. He could
“Rufus lives about five miles that way,” Bobby continued, explaining where many of his long-lost friends were. “It ain’t just Heaven, Dean. It’s the Heaven you deserve, and we’ve been waitin’ for ya.”
“I sure hope so,” Dean said as he wrapped his arms around Castiel. “For the sake of our boys at the very least.”
Cocking his head, Castiel regarded him for a moment. “Why?”
Dean turned sharply, very likely leaving skid marks on the road as he turned. Castiel guided Dean through several left and right turns to try and circumvent the troopers while still heading towards the border crossing. Unfortunately they had to get onto Highway 89 in order to make it across the border. There were no other border crossings close enough to reach with the amount of gas they had left.
The trial against Castiel's father and brothers commence.
Sitting in the bunker kitchen, each sipping on a beer, Dean filled Castiel in on everything that had happened.
Turning to face Dean, Castiel reached out to stroke his now age-worn face. “You’ll always be my pretty boy, Dean.”
Dean cried out again as another contraction hit. Once it had passed he looked at Gabriel with pleading eyes. “Hey, didn’t we talk about me getting an epidural? Please?”
“Well, I still remember the last time—”
Dean pictured the horror of the picture Gabriel just painted and tried to choke back a sob. He reached out and grabbed Gabriel’s hand. “Promise me something. If I don’t make it out of here before the pups are born, please end my suffering? Please. You could say I died in childbirth or something, right? Please?”
Castiel flashed a bright, gummy smile. “I very much enjoyed meeting you as well,” he said, while stroking Dean’s hair gently. “I look forward to knotting that sweet ass of yours frequently.”
Pulling back and looking at Castiel with a smirk. “Beloved, huh?”
The clerk did more shuffling. “Oh yes, my apologies Mr. Novak. I hadn’t noticed that check mark. Most people prefer the convenience of having them mailed. In that case, you can come back in three days to pick it up.”
That night was the first time Dean ran away. He made it as far as the bus stop before they’d caught up with him and dragged him back home. The second time he’d been picked up by the sheriff in the next town. The most recent attempt had been just two days ago, and he nearly made it across the state line.
Castiel ran up and used his machete to lop off that vamp’s head before turning to help Sam. Once all the vamps are dead, Dean leaned against a post as the adrenaline started to drain out of him.
Dean had never heard such a bald-faced lie in his life, but he nodded all the same.
Now, Dean wanted nothing more than to get those years back. Maybe if he’d forgiven Cas sooner—if he’d looked at the bigger picture and realized what Cas was trying to do—
And he was gone.
"I love you," Dean said again, because he could.
“Aw, Cas, you were never creepy.”
But the phone kept buzzing, so Dean fumbled with his keys and dug into his pocket.
“Are you gonna tell it honestly?” Ben asked. Dean cleared his throat and felt his entire body burn for the bottle of whiskey that sat on top of their refrigerator, despite having not touched the stuff for five years. Honesty. He hadn’t been too good at honesty, lately. Not with his wife. Not with his stepson.
Lisa was there, though, and she was happy. She gracefully allowed Dean his drinks and his nights alone. She lent a sympathetic hand to his shoulder when he jumped at imaginary noises in the night. She offered to hold Dean after a nightmare, no matter how many times he shrugged her off and stalked downstairs to pass out on the couch, frozen with fear and anger and tears. She was there. And that was good.
Dean settles into a new life. He does everything right.
"What do you mean?" Dean asked. He kept his eyes down at his lap, but yeah, now he could feel Cas's eyes on him. The angel probably wore that mildly annoyed look on his face reserved exclusively for Dean that Dean had grown so used to. Or, fine, the look that Dean had grown so adoringly
And as Dean pulled Cas's lips to his, Dean glowed too.
“I’m oftentimes so angry with myself I can’t stand it. I want to scream. Sometimes I do. I didn’t realize what I was feeling, and when I finally did…when I should have done something…I didn’t. And even if I had, you would not have reciprocated. I know that much. There were so many times you wanted nothing to do with me. And now—"
“I was. I still am.” Cas looked back toward the reception hall. “I’ve got such little power left – sometimes it acts out on its own. Like it’s afraid of disappearing. I go to sleep in my bed and wake up in a field halfway across the country.”
Dean swallowed hard.
"Yes?"
Then Cas spoke so softly that Dean's heart broke with its gentleness.
Cas nodded and then his face crumpled. He turned toward the window. Then there was Sam, jogging back to the Impala with more food than they needed, and when he opened the door, all of the
Cas left after the boys saved the world, just like he always did. And Dean let him go, just like he always did. He briefly considered reaching out to Cas a handful of times over the past few months – but Dean didn’t know what to say. He didn’t know what to do. So he just…didn’t.
“Just…” Ben sighed. Dean knew he wanted to say it’s okay or it’s fine, the polite fucker. But he didn’t. Dean didn’t deserve that, and Ben knew it. “Just keep going. Tell me what happened after Sam – or – Lucifer, I guess – blew him up.”
In the year after the funeral, Dean became part of Lisa and Ben’s life so seamlessly, it was like he’d always been there, tucked neatly inside that white picket fence. He got a job at an autobody repair shop a few miles down the road. He helped Ben apply to colleges, or at least, he tried to, having never been to college. He fixed up their front porch, and then their neighbor’s. He went to dinner parties and laughed as Lisa’s friends flirted with him. He befriended an exceedingly average man named Dan.
“Sounds to me like Cas was trying to help you.”
The church was beautiful, Dean had to admit. It seemed to glow in the cool spring drizzle of rain, puddles on the grey steps reflecting the tall, proud cross stretching from the church to the sky. He kissed Lisa hard and their guests clapped, the sound muted in Dean’s ears.
“Are you serious?” Fear gripped Dean’s chest and turned to anger as he spoke. “Come on, man, do you really want to leave me again? Again and again and again, you leave. That’s always the way it is.” It was so unfair to say these things. Dean knew this. But the alcohol in his system and the desperation in his chest moved him along.
Cas opened his arms and Dean wordlessly fell into them.
“Cas?”
“I’m sorry,” Cas finally said. It was an unnecessary apology. It probably wasn’t even meant for Dean.
“And now we’ve missed our shot, huh?” Dean forced himself to speak. It wasn't a question. Just another fact. "We had time, but we lost it."
From their hiding spot, Dean slowly, subtly rubbed his thumb against Cas’s elbow, feeling the fabric of that stupid jacket. Reveling in the touch that he so rarely felt. Cas’s hands burned on Dean’s waist. They trembled so violently that Dean wanted to take them in his own hands and squeeze them. It wasn’t until the bridesmaid and the man and the Lyft were far gone that Cas finally pulled himself away. Dean immediately felt ice cold.
“I – huh.” Dean felt a familiar burning sensation bloom behind his eyes, though he didn’t know why. “Well, yeah. I guess. Never thought of it that way. Petty Cas.”
Dean sniffled grossly. Cas laughed.
“Not taking a peep into my life anymore, huh?”
“No, thank you, Dean. I just wanted to hear your voice.” The words were laced with panic – that seemingly calm, cool panic that Dean got to know so well – as Cas began to come apart.
changed. You have a wife. You have a family. I don’t fit into that picture.”
“We tried to be good to each other. But we also tried to be good to other people, and that got in the way, I guess.”
At that moment, the door to the hall swung open and the sweet, crooning voice of Sinatra spilled out, along with the teetering laughter of a very tipsy bridesmaid and her date. Cas and Dean listened as the woman drunkenly ordered a Lyft and plopped herself down on the front steps. Her laughter was high and bright. Her date’s was muted and amused.
“What I
“This is Dean,” He answered, and it still felt strange having only one cell phone, and that he got to be Dean Winchester on that one cell phone. No aliases. Just Dean Winchester.
They were silent, save for the quiet rustling of leaves on the trees that surrounded them. The chatter of bugs at their feet in the vast green field. The blood rushing in Dean's head.
"What about here?" Cas asked hesitantly, and Dean had to laugh at the beautiful, clueless angel in front of him. Cas cocked his head to the side.
Sometimes he dreamed about Cas drowning. The angel’s tan trench coat billowing in the water around him. Sometimes he dreamed about Cas disappearing into the greyness of purgatory, Dean’s frustration and hurt as vivid as it was then. Sometimes he dreamed about Cas standing in the middle of a circle of flames, burning up as he watched Dean walk away.
Dean’s bones ached as he turned back toward the party. He distantly hoped that Cas made it home safe, wherever home was. He hoped Cas didn’t get lost.
Cas turned back to face Dean and his eyes were bright with—something.
"I know that's not fuckin' enough, Cas, I know it ain't even close. But I - I - I'm so sorry, Cas, I'm so, so sorry."
tumbled out and were swept up in the wind alongside the swirling red leaves.
Cas reached out the open window to catch one, and as he held it to his face and studied it with such intense curiosity, Dean couldn't help but think that the angel looked ethereal.
Dean’s breath caught and his keys clattered to the ground. He knelt to pick them up, jean-clad knees digging into the cobblestone path he finished just a few months ago. By his side, the plants in Lisa’s garden were mostly dead. Dean stayed there on his knees for a long while before speaking.
He looked, as he always did, mighty. Mighty and broken.
The first time Dean put his faith in the angel, body and soul. The rush of hearing Cas's wings and turning around to see the angel standing before him. The daydreaming, the wondering when Cas would be back. Pulling Cas into him in Purgatory and touching his cheek.
Dean swallowed. Cas was so fucking close. Dean could touch him, if he wanted. He wanted, he wanted, he wanted. Suddenly, Cas looked at Dean, took him in in his tuxedo, and then back at the reception hall.
“Cas.”
Dean watched Cas watch him. Dean had thought that this conversation - and yeah, he thought about this conversation a lot, in a lot of different ways, with a lot of different endings - would be awkward. He thought it would be, at least, filled with much more denial and gay panic and, let's be real, anger. He thought it would most likely end with him yelling and Cas resignedly walking away. But here Cas was, presenting this hypothetical relationship, this lost opportunity, as a fact. And Dean can't argue with facts.
“You can give them the world, Dean,” He said, and Dean suddenly wanted the conversation to be over. He looked away from Cas’ imploring eyes.
There was a long pause.
Dean decides that this is the perfect phrase. If he’d said, “Cas was an angel,” then Ben might’ve thought that it was a pet name, and he would be giving Dean a look even more disgusted and betrayed than the one he wore now.
Dean drank those thoughts away.
"Here?" Dean looked around and nodded, as though assessing the circumstances. When he met Cas's eye again, the angel was smiling slightly, in that little way he always did - like he was thrilled to be part of a joke, thrilled to be part of a family, thrilled to be
“You still got your mojo, then,” Dean said, ignoring Cas’s curiosity.
“You’re doing the best you – ”
Christ, he couldn’t even say it. Here it was, unraveling, falling apart in their hands, something that even Cas couldn't piece together again. Cas, who fell from heaven for him, who endured pain and torture and fear for him, who kept quiet and aching for so long. And Dean couldn't even tell the angel that he loved him. All Cas wanted to hear. All Cas needed to hear.
"I think I could give it a shot. Lucky for you, I got a lot of time to get it right."
Dean had a brief thought about making a run for it, but he was still too weak to make it very far and he had no idea where they were, so he thought better of it. He was slowly climbing out of the car when the alpha came around and helped him to his feet. “Come on, let’s get you some food.”
On one hand, part of him didn’t want to give the alpha a second chance, not after all the abuse. Yet, Dean was beginning to realize that perhaps Castiel was just as much of a victim in all this as Dean was. This still didn’t explain why his parents forced this on him, but Dean was beginning to suspect they may not have had a choice in the matter either.
Dean tried not to flinch at those words. He wasn’t happy about the idea of getting spanked, but knowing it would make his alpha happy, he would endure it. Especially if it meant he would get to come on his knot later.
Once Dean was situated in the chair, the proprietor made to strap him in and Dean sat up. “What the hell man?”
Not understanding the source of Dean’s struggle, Castiel broke the kiss and gave him another wicked smile. “Remember, focus on your Keeper’s pleasure,” Castiel reminded him. “Just take your fucking like a good boy.”
“Fuck!” the hunter exclaimed in ecstasy.
Dean took a deep breath to calm his nerves. “Yes, Your Honor.”
They approached and engaged the vamps, and pretty soon Sam lopped off the head of the first one. Adrenaline began pumping through Dean.
John reached out and pulled Dean in for another hug. “I could never disapprove of you being happy.”
“Yup,” Gabriel grinned. “You showed the world that omegas are the same as everyone else.  It might take some time to sort it all out, but I think this will boost our economy. Think about all the new wage earners with an income there will be? And the schools that will have to be opened to educate all the omegas. Maybe your omega brothers-in-law may want to get an education too, so adult omega schools will also need to be opened.”
Looking at Dean stoically for a moment, Cas shrugged and smiled again. “Who knows? Maybe!”
“You’re having three boys,” Gabriel said. “It looks like they may even be identical, but we can’t be sure until we test them after they are born.”
Dean relaxed then and nodded. “Yeah okay, just don’t scare me like that.”
Castiel seemed to be trying to treat Dean like a human being for the first time. Dean’s life over the past several weeks had been hell, but perhaps that was coming to an end now that they finally had an understanding between them.
Dean roared his release into Castiel’s ear, before sinking his teeth into the angel’s shoulder. His entire body shuddered, and his cock spurted his hot, demon seed deep into the angel’s body. When Dean finally extracted himself from the angel, he flicked his eyes to black for a moment while giving him a lascivious grin. “Now that was one hell of a good fuck. Let me finish up this little spell, and we’ll do it again. Maybe next time you’ll get on your hands and knees and beg me to put my cock in your hole, huh?”
Dean nodded in agreement. “Don’t I know it. So, do you think that vote will still go through?”
Dean hadn’t seen too many people at the estate because he’d spent most of his time in the training room or Castiel’s suite, but when he thought back on it, every omega he had seen did have a rosy blush on their bottoms.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, he’ll finally get to see what life is like for an omega,” Dean said. “Actually, being a castrated omega has got to be even worse. I mean he’s literally just going to be a hole to use for them, isn’t he?”
“I have a plug that can be locked inside you,” Castiel stated conversationally, even as he plunged two fingers into Dean’s ass. “That’s another possible punishment, to make you ask permission to do something as simple as take a shit.”
“No torture sex dungeons,” Dean insisted, which made Castiel laugh.
“Let’s get you back to your hotel,” she said as she pointed them to the back door where a limo was planned to be waiting for them.
“We’re just enjoying some fresh air as a family,” Castiel explained.
,” Dean said matter-of-factly. “The plan was to then turn me into the
When Castiel began to move, the pain was gone, and Dean was overwhelmed by the intense pleasure as Castiel’s cock slid in and out of him slowly. Dean had fucked and been fucked by a lot of women, but he’d never had someone make love to him. Not like this, and especially not by someone he felt
Dean was just drifting off to sleep when he felt Castiel slide into the bed next to him and curl up around him protectively. Dean fell asleep feeling warm, safe and loved.
Then doctor went off to run his tests, leaving Dean splayed and stretched, still completely unable to move. After what felt like hours, he came back with a concerned look on his face. He had a phone in his hand and was dialing a number. “Mr. Novak? I’m afraid we’ve run into a complication…No, sir, he’s perfectly healthy…we can’t proceed with his condition, sir. You see, he’s pregnant. Which means he’s carrying your grandchild. Any attempt to break him now could harm the child…” the doctor walked out of Dean’s earshot again as he paced in and out of the room.
Dean wanted the new home to be bright, modern and airy. The previous Novak estate had been dark and oppressive, with far too much wood paneling for any home, much less an entire mansion.
“I’ll pick up some omega maternity clothes,” Gabriel said as he glared at his father. “You’ll start showing soon, so those will be more comfortable for you.”
Castiel yawned and got out. He pumped the gas first this time, before heading to pay the attendant who also seemed half-asleep. Hopefully the kid hadn’t been paying that much attention to the news. At least with a full tank, they should make it the rest of the way without needing gas again.
The alpha helped Mary remove the bit and Dean flexed his jaw, trying to work the stiffness out of it. “Thanks,” Dean said, speaking to his mother, his voice rough from screaming.
Pulling up to the house that his phone GPS had directed him toward, Dean took a deep breath to calm his nerves. It was a small, unassuming craftsman style house that sat at the edge of the small town. It was situated on a few acres of wooded land. That gave the sheriff a lot of privacy from neighbors. Slowly, Dean stepped out of his car and took in his surroundings as he retrieved his pack of belongings from the backseat. Seeing the woodshed next to the house made Dean’s heart skip a beat, as he imagined being led there for punishments.
The last door in the hallway led to a small bathroom.
“There’s a new amendment? What for?” Dean asked and Gabriel shushed him as he pointed at the television.
“I was aiming to drive to Winnipeg, and the most direct route is to take I-29 straight north. However, since I saw the news in Sioux Falls, I’ve been following Highway 75 instead. We can take that almost the entire way, but once we hit Donaldson in Minnesota, I was going to jog east and take Highway 59 up to Winnipeg instead. It’s less traveled.”
Once Dean was standing, he was shocked to see several of the alphas were still in the room, vigorously fucking their omegas that they had bent over the table. Dean hadn’t even noticed as his entire world had zeroed down to the burning pain in his ass.
“She’s been dropping hints, about leaving the hunter life,” Sam said with a shrug, picking up a slice of pie.
“Fair enough,” the man said, putting the gag back in place. “Sweet dreams, omega.”
“I’ll go get the others,” Dean heard John say. “Watch him.”
A whimper escaped Dean’s throat at that image, as his eyes adjusted their focus onto the sizable bulge inside Castiel’s jeans. “Be a good boy and fetch me the hairbrush from the bathroom counter.”
“I was sent back to the Novak estate,” Dean replied. “I was chained up in Castiel’s old suite. I had enough length of chain, so I could go to the bathroom and shower, but I was mostly confined to the bed.”
Dean had no words, and just let it happen. Once Dean’s ass was filled with lube, Castiel slid the speculum out of him. Then he stood up and began undoing his belt. Dean’s eyes went wide when he realized what Castiel was planning to do.
“It’s a lot better, but there’s still a bit of bruising. It might take several more days before it’s all faded,” Dean replied.
Dr. Kadinsky squirted some lube over the speculum before just forcing it into Dean’s hole, making the omega scream. “Now, don’t you wish you had been more cooperative?” the sadistic doctor taunted as he began to ratchet the speculum open, stretching Dean painfully.
“What was that about?” Dean asked as Gabriel began to push his wheelchair faster along the path. “You’ll find out soon. Please, just stay calm. Don’t risk your pups.”
Looking at the door of the cage he was in, it was unsurprisingly also locked. Shifting around so he sat cross legged on the little mattress that lined the bottom of his cage, Dean winced in pain. That’s when he figured out where he’d been tattooed, in the center of his lower back. Reaching back, he winced again as his fingers brushed over the sensitive skin.
Dean looked at Castiel. “What is going on?”
Then Castiel began to trail his kisses over to Dean’s neck before whispering into his ear. “I’m sorry I just really wanted to celebrate. I’ve done it. I just got word that your passport application was approved! All I need to do now is bring you in for a final interview and have your photograph taken. If we go tomorrow, we could leave here in less than a week!”
“Thanks, Bro,” Gabriel said. “I managed to squirrel away quite a bit without Dad suspecting so I should be able to find a place of my own soon.”
Once he was clean and rinsed, Mildred held out a fluffy towel and helped him dry off. “Now stand still, dear,” she ordered. The next thing Dean knew, she was rubbing scented lotion onto his skin. It smelled nice. “Alright dear, let’s move along. Your new alpha is set to be home soon, and I need you to get into position.”
Castiel saw his father stand. His face couldn’t be seen but his hands looked like they were shaking as he rested them on the table in front of him to steady himself.
Castiel kept making love to Dean, slow and steady, never wavering in his gentleness, while Dean ran his hands down the alpha’s back until he was able to grasp the man’s ass, kneading and caressing it in rhythm with his movements.
Dean was dubious, but he was in no position to really complain. So, he sat down and watched the alpha bustle around the kitchen, clearly knowing his way around it. Once the chili had been warmed up, the alpha placed a bowl of it in front of Dean, along with a glass of water before sitting opposite of him at the table.
Just as Dean began drifting off, he heard Castiel confess something. “Thank you, Dean. You were perfect today. Thank you for everything. I love you so much.”
“I’m going to do an ultrasound. It’s a bit early to see much, but I want to make sure everything looks healthy without being too invasive,” Gabriel explained.
At the bottom of the stairs was a dark corridor lined with doors that Castiel lit with the flick of a switch. “Most of these rooms are for storage, and I keep a well-stocked wine cellar,” Castiel explained, leading the way down the hall. At the end was yet another door, and this one Castiel opened with a key he fished from his pocket. “No one is allowed in here except for me, and now you.”
John then sat down on the bed next to Dean and reached out, placing a hand on his shoulder. Dean bolted upright and had a gun—the Colt—pointed directly at his chest.
, to remind all of the omegas in our household their place. Typically, it’s done first thing each morning, and once more after dinner. The omega’s alpha will just take them over their knee and spank them until the desired color of red is achieved.”
“Now that you’re back, I must also insist that you eat dinner with the family tonight. Is that understood?”
After dinner, Castiel led Dean to a room he called his study. There was a large desk, the walls were lined with books, and a fireplace on one wall. Sitting in a large, overstuffed chair by the fireplace, Castiel pointed to a pillow that was on the floor, giving Dean a pointed look.
Castiel growled at him, and Dean threw up his hands in self-defense. “I’m kidding, I’m kidding. I know Anna didn’t have her grace when that happened, so not the same thing.”
“I promise Dean. This first time should help me gauge how many we’ll need in the future. Going forward I won’t do more than I am doing right now.”
Still lightheaded, Dean wobbled to his feet and did his best to comply. Soon he was following as Castiel led him up a flight of stairs to the upper floor of the house. There was a hallway with four doors, and Castiel led him to the one at the end of the hall. “This is the master bedroom. When you’re good, you’ll sleep in bed with me. If you’re naughty, you’ll sleep in that cage in the corner. There’s also a cage in the basement for more severe behavior, but we’ll talk about that later.”
Giving Castiel his best cheeky smile, Dean shrugged. “Maybe I’ll do the ravishing next time.”
Stepping up onto the auction block, Dean felt the heat of embarrassment as so many alphas ogled his naked body. The leash attached to his collar was secured so he couldn’t run, and then the auction began. Everything was happening so fast, and Dean couldn’t keep up with what the auctioneer was saying. The bright lights also kept him from being able to see the faces of the alphas bidding on him.
Without his machete, Dean started trading punches with the vamp while Sam struggled against the other. The fight continued and at one point Dean is flung against a wall. Shaking off the blow, he stood up and lunged at the vamp again.
“So Castiel’s brother, Gabriel? He was your doctor and took care of you while you were locked up there?” John asked.
read to them as they were escorted towards one of the state troop vehicles.
“Oh, okay.”
Dean wasn’t sure what that meant, but he dutifully followed her out of the bathroom, through the bedroom and down a set of stairs, toward what looked like the main entrance of the house. She led him toward a pillow that had been placed on the floor.
“Yes, sir.”
“Oh, I’m considering some decorations for my mate. Perhaps a piercing or a tattoo. I can’t decide what would look best so I’m bringing him along to try a few things.”
“Is this the place?” asked Sam.
“Mr. Winchester, I need to have a better look inside,” Castiel stated. “Now lie still.”
Dean smiled and looked down at Castiel and kissed him one more time before crawling back to his place and clipping himself onto the leash.
“Hurry up Cas! We’re going to be late!” Dean called as he pulled on his coat.
The sheriff pulled up to the border patrol and rolled down his window. “Howdy, I believe I have a couple of people you folks are looking for. They are here seeking asylum.”
Dean merely nodded at that, noting the second time the alpha had said please in the span of a day. He wasn’t sure what the hell was going on, but he figured he could hold out until they got to wherever it was they were going.
Later that night Dean woke up, tossing and turning. He was drenched in sweat and felt like he was in a sauna. Getting up, he tore his pajamas off in an effort to cool down.
“Dean has been holding back his feelings for Castiel, largely in part because he feels you would disapprove of his being intimate with a male. I need you to speak to him. Reassure him that you would still love him regardless.”
What Dean didn’t realize until it was nearly over, was how the spanking calmed him. After the last blow landed, all the tension had gone out of him and he lay limply across the alpha’s lap. The tingling burn in his ass actually felt…good.
Sam looked confused. “Yeah, okay.”
After a few agonizing moments deliberating, he made a choice. “I’ll get this one, on the inside of my left wrist,” he pointed to the design he chose. It was a small red heart, with black wings spread from it.
“I’m certain. Stand up, Dean, so you can look through the catalog.”
“So, you’re saying you would like to get to know me… carnally?” Castiel asked with a flash of fire in his eyes.
“I thought as much,” the judge said as she made some notes. “That’s not unheard of in a case like yours. Have you allowed your alpha to attempt to claim you again?”
“This brings us to the rules, pretty one,” the alpha continued, ignoring Dean’s struggles. “I’ll give you just a few we’ll work on first, but over time there will be many rules you will need to learn in order to be an exemplary Novak omega.”
Dean reached up and pulled Castiel down into a searing kiss. “I want you, alpha. Every god damn inch of you.”
Castiel’s vessel slowly grew accustomed to the rough fucking, his anus relaxing against the repeated intrusion from Dean’s cock. If his own dick hadn’t been caged tightly, Castiel was certain he’d have become aroused, as being fucked began to feel pleasurable.
“After you were hurt by the electro stim procedure, I was really worried about you. I had already come to care for you, regardless of your defiance. After you told me that omegas truly are human, and not subhuman as my father seems to believe, I did a lot of research. It really changed my perspective and when I went to confront my father with what I’d learned, that’s when he attacked me and threatened to send you away.”
When Dean woke up he found himself in a room that looked very much like a hospital. As he blinked the crust from his eyes, the first person he saw was the alpha who rushed to his side with a smile and a look of relief.
room. Dean saw himself being lead towards some piece of furniture and tried to weakly protest.
“Come, omega. Let’s take a shower.”
“Oh, Dean! Is this what the bond is meant to feel like?” Cas whispered. “It’s, wow. I had no idea. Thank you, Dean. Thank you for letting me truly mate you. I love you. I really, truly love you.”
Castiel turned and Dean just fell into his embrace, sobbing. The release of emotion overwhelmed him. Castiel just held him while he just let it all pour out of him, until he hung limply in the alpha’s arms.
It’s been almost a year since Dean was taken … no,
Setting his bag down, Dean bent over to remove his boots, Dean nodded. “Yes… sir?”
“Yes, Your Honor,” Dean replied. “They had to strap me down and gag me for it, and when Cas gave me the claiming bite, I resisted. So, that claiming didn’t completely take.”
Dean’s face flushed again as he tried to keep a straight face while the angel was literally fondling his balls. Turning his head, he made a little cough.
. Three…at ten John finally stopped and Dean’s throat felt raw from screaming.
“Oh, he’s around,” Bobby said. “You’ll find each other sooner or later. It’s a big new world out there. You’ll see. You got everything you could ever want or need or dream. So, I guess the question is, what are you going to do now, Dean?”
“Are you ready for me, Dean? I don’t think I can wait much longer…” Castiel rumbled, his voice thick with lust. “I don’t have the same level of control over this body as I used to.”
“I bet,” Gabriel said. “Carrying three pups is a lot. Let’s see how they’re doing!”
Dean took a tentative bite. It tasted edible so he ate more, trying to fill his empty belly.
“I’m getting close and I want you to see my face when I fill that pretty little hole of yours,” Castiel said with a growl. “Keep your eyes on me, pretty boy.”
Dean was grateful that his father-in-law had agreed to let him have a television in his room, which gave him a small window into the outside world. The room was truly Dean’s now. Castiel’s scent had faded weeks before.
“Well, we’ll see,” Dean’s father-in-law said as he walked around them. “I see you gave him a proper spanking before coming home. Very good. However, you know what I’ll do if he steps out of line.”
NaNoWriMo went well. I now have an almost complete 2nd novel in my science fiction series that I'm writing. Afterwards, I needed a few days to recover from writer burn-out before I could dive back into this story. Thanks everyone for your patience! :)
Chuckling into his ear, Castiel kept gently petting him. “Don’t you worry about that, little omega. I have a houseful of servants and I’ll hire nannies to help care for the pups. Your only job is to give me pleasure and pups. I’ll take care of the rest.”
From what Dean could remember, omegas born to beta parents would be removed from the home and raised in facilities like the current omega training facilities. They would also be adoptable by alphas, who could raise them as their own children or groom them to be a future mate.
They got Dean settled in Gabriel went to put on his scrubs and to scrub his hands and arms. He came back looking far more like the doctor he was. “Dean I need you to put your feet into the stirrups for me, so I can see how far your birth canal has dilated.”
“Yes, alpha.”
“I’ll make sure to tuck them in and keep an eye on them,” Martha offered. “You all do so much for the pups already.”
The most adorable blush bloomed on Castiel’s face. “Not every time,” Castiel said, pouring some of the lube onto his fingers. “However, there were times I allowed myself to indulge the needs of this vessel. I didn’t need to but, I was curious. Especially with as often as you boys seemed to enjoy doing it.”
“What’ll we do if your dad blocked your money transfer?”
“Rule number one, omegas should be seen, not heard. You are not to speak or make other sounds unless asked a direct question or given a direct order,” the alpha repeated.
“What’s happening?” Dean asked, as he was secured to the bench.
Castiel started slowly but soon increased the speed of his thrusts, snapping his hips hard, driving his cock deep. Dean let his eyes close as he gripped the blanket beneath him tight, holding on for the ride. Castiel’s hand slid deliciously over his cock, in perfect sync with his hips. It drove Dean to the edge, fast. The heat of pleasure coiling low in his belly as his balls began to draw up.
“He,” Chuck clarified. “Therein lies the problem.”
Chuckling, Castiel smirked as he happily ate his dinner. “I gather you’re not used to eating healthy. Don’t worry, if you’re good, I’ll allow you to eat some of your favorite foods on occasion. However, as your Keeper, part of my job is to keep you well-fed, and that does not mean stuffing you with junk food.”
(See the end of the chapter for
treated would be put through training programs, alphas and omegas alike. Beta parents of alpha and omega children would lose custody of them and see them taken away so that the children could be raised
The judge paused as if debating something with herself before she turned to him and smiled. “Yes, Castiel Novak will not be charged along with his other alpha brothers. I can’t find any evidence of wrongdoing on his part. The prosecutor also assured me that he was instrumental in helping to bring down his father and rescue you. I just needed to reassure myself that he wasn’t mistreating you.”
Dean looked up at Castiel and then at Gabriel who was seated between his legs. “Push Dean. You need to birth these pups now.”
“I… haven’t told Sam yet. I wanted to go on one last hunt with him, for old time’s sake, before hanging it up for good,” Dean said. “So, please don’t tell him yet, okay?”
“Come with me,” Castiel ordered as he led Dean out of the room.
Castiel was gently licking his mating mark and making pleased hums as Dean’s hole continued to milk his knot. “That’s it, good omega. Milk my knot dry and take every drop of my seed,” he purred between licks, sliding one hand down, gently rubbing the flat plane of Dean’s abdomen. “I can’t wait to see you swell with your first litter.”
Looking over at the festival, Dean was surprised at the wave of emotion that overcame him. From this day forward, his life was going to change and even the prospect of pie wasn’t enough to tamp down on the roiling emotions that stirred up inside of him.
Finding himself without the bit in his mouth for a change, Dean looked sternly at the alpha. “Because it’s wrong to treat another human being like this!”
you?” the defense attorney asked.
The alpha glared at him for a moment, before he leaned back in his chair with a look of defeat. “My father. We were having a disagreement. About you, actually.”
Lacing his fingers with one of Castiel’s hands, Dean returned the smile. “I love you too, Cas. Damn, it feels good to finally say it. Now, let’s go get a shower. I’m feeling all sorts of sticky.”
As Castiel sat on the couch in the living room, he looked down at his kneeling mate and noticed the tears and reached to brush them away. “Don’t cry, Dean. Please?”
If you're curious about the tattoo, the design/placement was inspired by this photo: https://i.imgur.com/UjrYSIz.jpg (will Cas get one too? Maybe...but not until they are in Canada because tattoos are for omegas, not alphas in this screwed up version of the US). ;)
Dean led them into the barn, cautious and quiet. They heard a noise and found the missing kids locked away in a small side room. “Boys, ‘k c’mon, stay behind us with Castiel,” Dean pointed to Cas. “We’re going to keep you safe.”
“Look at me, Dean,” Castiel said.
“It’s nothing,” Sam insisted.
“You’re a strong and independent omega,” Castiel said with a happy laugh. “You would have been fine, but I’m glad as well.”
“Asking for something like that? That takes guts,” John said. “I’m proud of you. That would have been the right call. I’m glad you didn’t have to make it though.”
They managed to get to the highway going north without incident and within several hours they had crossed state lines, when they finally stopped at a gas station for a break and to refuel. “Let me go in first,” Castiel said. “I’ll make sure it’s safe.”
“I was to be shipped back to the training facility to be thoroughly
“So this Castiel, she’s supposed to be Dean’s soulmate or something?”
Sam’s eyes went wide. “Seriously? But…”
Dean took a deep breath and nodded as he reached up and grabbed Gabriel’s hand. “Thanks man. I dunno how I’d have managed the past few months without you. If I ever get out of here, I’ll make sure to tell Cas how good you’ve been to me.”
“Nah, you bit in the right place. I just fought the bond and I could tell it didn’t fully form. You got my body, but not my heart.”
“Gee thanks.”
Dean defies every attempt Castiel makes to "train" him to be an obedient omega, which earns Dean increasingly worse punishments. A few unguarded moments make Dean wonder if everything about Castiel really is as it seems.
“Hey Dean-o,” the petite beta greeted. “You’re in luck. Dad put me in charge of taking care of you during your pregnancy.”
I hope everyone enjoyed this happy interlude. The drama isn't entirely over for the boys just yet, but my updates may be a bit slower this week. I really need to make a push to finish the revisions on my novel first.
Behind the two of the other doors in the upstairs were bedrooms Castiel had converted into a home gym and office. The gym came complete with a treadmill and weight machine, with a TV hanging on the wall. The office had a large desk, one wall lined with books, and a cozy armchair in the corner. “I often spend my evenings in here reading,” Castiel explained. “I may have you warm my cock when I’m in here reading.”
Gabriel took a deep breath and looked at the guards behind them briefly before continuing. “Also, I just found out something even more troubling. I don’t want to jeopardize the health of you or the pups, but you need to know this.”
Dean just couldn’t help his overwhelming need to hug Castiel. He crawled closer to the alpha and just pulled the man into an embrace. “Thank you. You kept every promise you made ever since you took me up to that cabin. Every one. I owe you so much. I know we had a rough start but dude you’ve turned out to be an awesome mate.”
“I should hope so. Don’t make me regret this mating.”
“Your son Dean.”
“Through the Internet Cloud, believe it or not,” Castiel said. “Gabriel would take extensive notes regarding your condition. It all looked like standard medical jargon, but he and I had developed a code with each other years ago, so he was able to hide specific details within his notes. I had his login and password, so I could make edits to the notes, which is how I conveyed my information back to him. If Dad ever bothered to check on any of it, which he probably did, it would just look like Gabriel was posting and editing the medical notes he kept.”
Castiel helped him stand and pull his pants back up. “Congratulations, my love. Now you have the right to spank me too!”
it. Castiel planted a little kiss to the side of his sweaty head. “That’s the mating bond, my dear little mate. You and I will be able to sense each other’s feelings. You will always know how much you’re pleasing me through this bond.”
Dean could hardly believe his ears. He gently pushed Castiel back to look into his face and the alpha nodded with a brilliant smile on his face. Dean felt a burst of hope bloom in his chest and before he was even thinking about it, he began to kiss Castiel.
Pulling Dean back onto his feet, he was once again bent over the trunk of his car. His plug was pulled out, and while one hand gripped his hip tight, the sheriff began feeding his dick into Dean’s prepared hole. It didn’t hurt going in nearly as much as it had the first time the sheriff had taken him.
http://twitter.com/Kleineganz (not as active here as I should be)
“Wow, sneaky,” Dean said with a chuckle. “I missed you. I had your scent in the room for awhile but even that eventually faded. I worried about what might have happened to you. I tried not to worry too much because I didn’t want to stress the pups, but I couldn’t help it.”
Dean took a deep breath and squeezed Castiel’s hand one more time before rising and making his way forward. He was sworn in and then sat down, feeling a sudden rush of nerves as he looked out over the crowd of people in the court room. He hadn’t considered that when he’d been mentally preparing himself. He focused on all the things that either side might ask him about, and he hadn’t considered he’d be responding in front of a crowd of people.
Then the night after his eighteenth birthday party, without being told and certainly without his consent, John had placed Dean on the omega registry. Dean wasn’t told until his parents had found him a “suitable mate.” Some alpha from the rich and powerful Novak family, no less.
As they watched the trial proceed, the prosecution brought up witness after witness, detailing all the horrifying ways omegas had been treated at the training facilities. Many of the witnesses were former employees of the facilities, testifying as hostile witnesses. There were even one or two brave omegas that had survived their
A few days later the official sentencing was to be read. Dean and Castiel tuned in from their private video feed to hear exactly what sort of punishment was in store for their tormentor.
“Yeah, so what are they? Fraternal or identical?” Dean asked impatiently.
“That’s quite a shiner you got there,” Dean ventured. “Care to tell me how you go it?”
“Oh, yes, little one,” Castiel said with a low growl. “That’s why I was willing to pay your premium auction price. You are a little treasure. Not only will you provide me pleasure but also a houseful of pups.”
“I had a feeling you had already picked out names. Those are good names,” Gabriel said. “None of those sanctimonious angel names like our dad gave us.”
All Dean could do was lie there and take it, letting Castiel take his pleasure. It was too much and not enough all at once. Their eyes locked as Castiel kept pounding his ass, claiming it, making it his. No one and nothing could ever compare to this.
“Yeah,” Dean replied. “All I have to do is them the truth, right? That’s easy enough.”
Finally, Dean could feel Castiel’s knot forming. This time it just felt amazing as it caught on his rim even while it slowly grew. “Are you ready for my knot, my love?”
“So what’s the plan? I don’t suppose you’d be willing to let me go?”
“Unfortunately, no. You may have noticed I didn’t pack anything. I keep this place stocked with non-perishable food and a few changes of clothes. But I don’t have my passport or a lot of cash. We’ll need that if we want to head to Canada. You’ll need a passport as well.”
legacy to rest.
At least by the time they made it downstairs for breakfast, Dean was no longer a bundle of nerves, which was good because for some reason his father-in-law was paying particular attention to him this morning.
His father-in-law scowled at him for another moment before turning to someone standing next to him. It was another alpha, dressed in a lab coat. Dean blinked and looked around. He wasn’t back at the estate. The room he was in was clinical and sterile in it’s almost blinding whiteness.
Dean shook his head. “No.”
Swallowing thickly, Dean shook his head.
“Dude, I don’t want to follow those protocols, ever. Why can’t you understand that? I mean some people might be into that stuff as a kink, but to be forced to live like that? It’s not right.”
Dean reflected on how much his world kept getting turned upside down. Dean had to wonder why his parents betrayed him like that. They must have had a good reason. Perhaps someone threatened them? What kind of threat would cause them to give up their son the way that they had? So much of this still didn’t make sense.
Dean’s mind stuttered to a halt. “You want me to get naked? Right here? So you can do what? Play doctor?”
“What is it?” Dean’s father-in-law asked.
Dean was pulled out of his reverie when he heard Cas walking up the pier behind him.
“Dean? Are you awake? Please, Dean…are you alright?”
. John, Mary and Sam, naturally, along with the parents of the alpha who was claiming him, any close siblings and the priest, and of course the alpha himself. A man Dean had never even met and had refused to get to know through some damned online profile. He didn’t even care to know the man’s name, and just thought of him as “
“Yeah, I get it,” Dean said. “I wouldn’t want a war started over me. I’d feel guilty as hell if that had happened.”
“Yeah, you bet your sweet alpha ass I do,” Dean replied. “Starting with, what took you so long?”
“Good boy. Now, up on the bed, on your hands and knees.”
“That’s it, omega,” the alpha growled with pleasure. After a few shallow thrusts, Castiel took both hands and gripped Dean’s head firmly. “Now, take a deep breath through your nose and relax your throat. I’m going to fuck your throat until I come.”
"Let's get started, then."
“He got me outta there, alright.”
The silence lasted an eternity. Just the wind and the rustling trees and an occasional passing car. Shallow breaths from Cas. The diner was busy, Dean could see through the brightly lit windows, but Sam would be coming back soon. Probably with pie. Probably thinking that the three of them would just pick up where they left off. Dean couldn’t remember what they had been talking about before all this, but Sam was laughing at something, and Dean remembered he was grinning. Cas must have said something funny.
"I feel like I never have before. Right here, standing with you, I feel somethin' I ain't never felt in my entire life. Didn't think I could feel it, not even in death. And shit, I'm just rambling, ain't I?"
Cas seemed to think for a moment.
It was almost…what? Poetic? Ironic? Honestly, who gave a shit?
“I called Lisa last week.” It was true. Lisa was the closest thing Dean ever had to normalcy. And he couldn't imagine starting from scratch with some new woman. Dean wondered if Cas even knew who Lisa was. If he didn’t, he showed no signs of it.
Cas said, before Dean got in his car to put the funeral behind him, “You’ll be so happy.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Please tell me you’ll come back,” Dean said, and this time, he meant it. Sure, Cas was weird in this part of Dean’s life, but now, as Dean looked at Cas—the narrowed eyes, the chapped lips, the head tilt and the fucking sexy jacket and everything that was so undeniably Cas—he never wanted him out of his sight. He’d find a place for Cas. They all would. He’d make sure of it.
The music from inside swelled. Thanks to the open bar, the party was only gaining speed. It caught Cas’s attention, and the angel lifted his chin and looked toward the entrance.
That weekend, a small church in Kansas overflowed with people showing up for Sam. They filled the pews and the aisles and the back of the church, and then the grassy, rolling cemetery right next to it. So many people they’d saved. So many people with so much love for Sam. Dean swelled with pride as they spoke of Sam. His little brother. His little brother who worked so hard, saved the world, and finally,
He didn’t call Cas again. He worried what he might say. He worried that the truth might slip out, whatever that truth was.
“Hello, Dean.”
How long had it been since he’d breathed that name into the world? Had Cas’s name ever once been said here? Did the house feel different now that Cas was suddenly part of it? He felt dizzy. Tipsy, he told himself, from the drinks. He decided to say it again.
There was probably another reason, too, but Dean didn’t know what it was.
Cas chuckled drily at Dean’s silence.
“He fought heaven for a lot of reasons. It was corrupt. I know that sounds crazy, but it’s true, you’ll see that more later.”
“What would you have said?”
“So can you – I’ll tell her everything. And give her a choice. She doesn’t have to remember if she doesn’t want to. But if she does, if she does want to know, if I tell her everything and she believes me and—Jesus, now that I’m saying it, she’ll probably mace me, huh?” Dean tried to laugh.
He got a bit drunk at the reception. Nothing that was (too) noticeable but drunk all the same. After a couple hours of dancing and socializing and smiling at people he didn’t even know, Dean excused himself and made his way out of the reception hall and into the cool spring air. Purples and pinks and yellows glimmered against the wet ground. Dean tilted his head up and watched the stars shining bright in the inky black sky.
Okay, yeah, that was a good question. What would Dean have said? Would he invite Cas over? He tried to picture Cas at the dinner table with him and Lisa, and his gut twisted painfully. The picture looked much nicer when it was just him and Cas.
“God’s gone. It’s all gone. Angels, demons…we’ll all lose it soon. We’re…running on empty.” Cas paused. “I’ve befriended one named Jessica. She lost the last of her grace two weeks ago. I’m afraid I’m not far behind. I’m afraid—” Cas paused suddenly and Dean wanted to say something, anything, to comfort him, but his stupid one-track mind was stuck. Jessica. Who the hell was Jessica? A friend? A girlfriend? Did they hunt together? Did Cas know her soul like he knows Dean’s? Did they sleep together? It would be different than it was with that bitch April. Cas would be so kind. Did Jessica even deserve that?
do it again when you inevitably cannot find the space for me. I
Once Ben calmed down a bit, he didn’t say much. He laughed when Dean recounted how the glass shattered with the noise of Cas’s true voice. He scowled when Dean remembered stabbing Cas almost instantly after saying hello. He raised his eyebrows, incredulous, at the story of Dean and Cas posing as FBI agents together for the first time. (His eyes clouded over with anger when Dean mentioned that Cas didn’t know how to lie to save his life – Dean hurried on quickly, eager to get off the topic of lying.)
“Okay, then,” Ben said, and leaned forward again. “Keep talking.”
“Where will you go now?” Cas asked Dean as they slowly began to make their way to the Impala. A gust of autumn breeze ruffled Cas’ hair, blowing it into his curious eyes. Dean shrugged.
"Take us home, Cas."
“No. Wouldn’t dream of it.”
“No.”
"I'm gonna kiss you now."
“I do, Cas,” Dean whispered. “I’m so—”
Sam was so tired that he fell asleep at the wheel of a car just two months later and crashed into a tree on an abandoned road.
"Me, too."
“I must be confusing you with another Dean Winchester, then,” Cas grinned—he actually fucking grinned, the stupid handsome bastard—and Dean shot toward the angel like a bullet, wrapping his arms around Cas so tightly that Dean worried he might break this spindly thing before him. Cas staggered backwards and laughed out loud. Thin hands came up to grasp at Dean’s back.
“I understand. I was upset and mourning. I didn’t mean to make you upset, too.”
“Goodbye, Dean.”
– before. I mean – can you even imagine? For thousands of years you blindly follow directions without any knowledge of another life – and then – and then one day you have choices. And feelings. And doubts. Don’t you think he was confused? Don’t you think he was scared? Didn’t you think for
“Because I do,” He whispered, and just an inch forward and –
Old habits die hard.
"I have a lot of faith in you. Dean Winchester. The righteous man."
“Damn, Cas,” Dean said, and took a step towards the angel. His throat was so tight it hurt. “And you ran on that battery to get here?”
Two years since the old Dean Winchester died and this new one was born.
“Yeah, I’m—” He’s what? Domesticated? Just getting home? About to unload the dishwasher and go to bed? It all sounded small and stupid compared to the enormity of hearing Cas’ voice again. Dean couldn’t breathe.
Second installment of this angst-fest! Enjoy! Feel the slow burn!
When Cas opened his eyes, they were shimmering. He didn’t say anything. So Dean let his eyes drop to Cas’s lips and continued speaking.
“I’m fine, too.”
“I’m gonna try, Ben. I promise. But sometimes it’s hard to—I don’t know—” Dean tapped his fingers on the table. He built it himself a few years ago. The callouses on his hands, the satisfaction of a job well-done.
“I really loved you, Dean.”
Dean thought for another second.
“Cas, I’m sorry I haven’t called. Or – or prayed, or whatever. Do you still get prayers?”
“I’m trying very hard not to, Dean. I figured you would like some privacy. Not some…creepy angel watching you sleep, or showing up behind you in the bathroom mirror.” Cas smiled at Dean and outshined the stars.
