Toni reaches out and plucks the two cards out of Carter’s hand, runs her fingers over them, tucks them into the inner pocket of her suit jacket. “And you can also tell Fury that I want a new liaison. The one he sent me is broken.”
Tony falls into bed cursing himself for developing morals and ethics instead of having an appropriately outrageous midlife crisis like any other self-respecting playboy, and dreams of photo albums filled with blank photos all night.
“Toni.” The word slips out automatically, and then he remembers. He throws himself away from her, scrambles off the bed and onto the floor. He presses his palms into his face, panic and fear and guilt punching him in the gut as she starts coughing and sucking in air. “Jesus, Toni. Jesus fucking Christ, I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”
“You are not broken,” Toni says tiredly, still hunched over her hands. “Because you’re not a fucking clock. You’re a human being. And even if you were broken, it doesn’t even fucking matter, because fixing things is what I do for a goddamn living.” She straightens and turns, scrubbing her face with the palms of both hands. “God, I can’t do this right now,” she mumbles. “I’ve been up for thirty-six hours. I need to go to bed. I can’t fucking think straight.”
, endearment. "sunshine" or "little sun"
The Tesseract dissolves the Red Skull, and Steve shields his eyes at the explosion of light, ducking and covering by muscle memory, because he’s too stunned by the sight of a tree made of stars opening in the sky overhead to protect himself by anything but instinct. When the light fades and he looks up, it’s in time to see the Tesseract burn a hole through the plane, and then it’s gone , leaving only glowing, melted slag in its wake.
She shrugs and smiles. “We wanted to be here, darling. Knowing how to take care of ourselves won’t hurt a bit.”
She closes her eyes, burrows back down under the blanket. “Fuck off, it’s too early. Why’m I in your lap?”
Someone remembers Steve is an artist, he knows because they tell him. And they give him paper. Lots and lots of paper, finer and smoother than any kind he’s ever had in his hands. Pencils too, and pens, and all sorts of drawing media he’s absolutely flabbergasted to even realize exists. He doesn’t know what to do with most of it, isn’t sure why he needs six different kinds of erasers and God Almighty, the colors they have in the 21st century. Boxes and boxes, markers and pencils and paints piling up in his room, a wealth of supplies unheard of in his day.
She doesn’t question it, not a second time. She’s heard Clint speak about the sniper’s reliance on a higher authority, someone they can trust to make the right call. She never thought she’d experience it, but right now, Coulson is her voice of God. She may be compromised, but he is not. She’s free to let the rage and hate and righteous fucking fury boil up to the surface, steamroll over her, released from its stifling cage of artificial calm. Because she doesn't have to make decisions right now, she just has to listen to the decisions he makes for her.
He’s more than a little shaken as he gets out of the car and walks to the door of the shop, because Hogan’s stories are hair-raising tales of broad daylight kidnapping and bombs exploding and multiple assassination attempts. Part of him wants to rush back to the mansion, check with his own two eyes that Toni’s still there, and then wrap her in cotton and tuck her somewhere safe.
“As I understand it, ma’am, when one is as rich as you are, one often develops unfortunate eccentricities that occasionally results in monetary loss. I'm sure Ms. Potts will understand.”
Fennhoff nods. “We learned quite a lot while the Winter Soldier was still in our possession,” he says. “What compounds would work, which techniques were most effective. The Winter Soldier was trial and error. Captain America, on the other hand…It was just a matter of adapting our techniques to account for Erskine’s purer version of the formula. Once we adjusted the process, he fell swiftly into line.”
Bucky finds himself in Toni’s workshop, dark and dimmed, and blinks at the suddenness of it all. He straightens from his instinctive crouch, and stares around at the consoles and machines and strewn-about tools for long moments before he realizes what that niggling feeling of something being off is.
“And… this makes you happy?” Six years together, and there are days Toni despairs of ever figuring him out.
“I didn’t have my bow,” Clint says through his teeth.
“I talk to Toni all the time,” Steve replies evenly, and does his best to not dig the pencil into the paper as he sketches a broad-stroke, rough outline of Clint’s pose when he sees Clint’s smirk widen and his mouth open. “And yes, I know what you meant, Barton, but I don’t want to talk about it.”
Toni opens the slim drawer of the workbench where she stores her more delicate tools, pulls the silver half-loops out, slips them on. “Don’t worry, Phil,” she says, and holds her arms out wide as the Mark VII spins in from the fabrication room. “I’ve only given JARVIS the ability to take control of my inactive suits and go completely homicidal in the event of another extreme breach of security. What could possibly go wrong there?”
And she’s pretty sure that herself is an inconsiderate
“Well, no. Like I said, balls, throat. That’s my plan. But you don’t like it when I get possessive and caveman on you.” He grins, pulls her up and slides his arms around her waist. “So I’m comforting myself with picturing all the ways you’re going to end up utterly destroying him, because you are cold and ruthless and a fucking
She’s babbling and waving her hands like a lunatic, and she really hopes she’s not insulting him with all the gagging and protesting. “I mean, I’m sure you’ll make someone a very happy soulmate someday, but oh god, gross. No, I am one hundred percent sure you are free and clear of any marks I may or may not be concealing on my person. Fuck, you’re my best friend! You’re like my brother, for chrissake!”
“Then please accept my sincere apologies, Ms. Potts,” he says. “Next time, I’ll make it a point to stop in and say hello before I leave the building.”
Sweat pops in chilly beads on his forehead with the effort, and his eyes burn. Hot, tight knots of emotion hammer at him from either mark, fear and panic and arousal and a whole bunch of other things too tangled to name scratching across his suddenly-raw nerves and clenching around his lungs. It’s never been this strong before, from either of them. Jesus fucking Christ, have they lost their shit completely and are finally trying to kill each other?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Indeed, ma’am. Welcome back.”
Phil can feel a headache coming on. “What you
and people use them to ask questions when they aren’t sure about things.”
Tony doesn’t move a muscle for a long, long moment after Steve moves into the adjacent room, very carefully keeping his facial expression and his breathing under control. He doesn’t know how he manages it, because the surprise of Steve’s hand enfolding his warm so quickly transmuted into cold, screaming horror when he’d caught a mental picture he knows damned well didn’t come from his head, and it’s making him want to flee this place as fast as he can.
She growls wordlessly. “This is what you can do with your favors, Rhodey.” And flips him the middle finger with both hands. “Get in here so I can kill you properly.”
They make it half a dozen steps across the room when music suddenly blares, loud and strident. She shrieks in surprise, and Bucky twists and drops her. By reflex, she lands fist-down, the Iron Maiden classic three-point crouch, and muscle memory whips her hands up, palms out,in a firing stance. Somehow, despite dodging the other way from where he dropped her, Bucky’s managed to get halfway in front of her, like a human shield, eyes wild, knife out, every muscle a tense coil of predatory instinct.
She launches herself at him, a few running steps to give her a jump. (
Toni stops, blinks, runs through her last few statements in her head. Closes her eyes. “Well, fuck.” Shoots a glare at Bucky. “He might not have noticed that if you didn’t bring it up, you know.”
“I know,” Obadiah says as he recaps the snifter, the crystal chiming with the movements. “The tabloids always have a field day when you and your boytoy hit the party circuit. I read something about you skinny-dipping in the Trevi Fountain last month.” He shakes his head and sips his drink as he approaches. “Not exactly the image you should be creating for your father’s legacy.”
“I believe Captain Rogers, like sir, is what is colloquially known as ‘a keeper’, ma’am,” JARVIS says dryly.
“Well, you’re online now. That’s all that matters.”
Panic sets in fast and hard, and he’s on his feet in a heartbeat, wildly looking around for a ship, an alien, hell, even a red-suited witch, to explain his current situation. Useless instinct has him holding his breath in a desperate attempt to not suffocate which he knows is utterly ridiculous because he doesn’t know how long he’s been up here unconscious, but however long it was, he had to have been breathing the whole time.
Notes Updated June 29, 2016.
Tony blinks, blinks again, and then shakes his head sharply. “Clearly,” he says, combing through his neural pathways for his brain’s reboot button, “I wasn’t completely thorough when I burned the crazy out of your skull,” and Steve looms over him, smiling in that gorgeous
There’s a hand on her face, pressing against her cheek, holding her against someone else’s face. The scent of cucumber and pear shampoo, Natasha’s brand, and a song, lilting and minor, Natasha’s sweet alto quietly singing in her ear, “Богатырь ты будешь с виду И казак душой. Спи, мой ангел, тихо, сладко, Баюшки-баю.”
The Hawkeyes have commandeered an Avengers quinjet, the Guardians another. Both cargo holds are packed full of mutants and altered humans and normal people who are just
She arches an eyebrow, even though he can’t see. “Is anything broken?”
Bucky stiffens, feels the knot of dismay and dread tighten and tangle. “Okay,” he says, stands there for another moment, trying to think of something to say. Some way to repair what he’s just fucked hideously up. He can’t. “Okay,” he repeats, then slumps and turns to leave the workshop.
“I think it’s always been a bit like high school,” Spider-Man, the grown-up one, says from where he’s hanging upside down from the ceiling. “It’s all awkward side-glances and panic attacks at the thought of asking someone to dance.”
“Wake up, sweetheart. I know I was just yellin’ at you to sleep, but this is something you need to wake up for.”
“They are, Natasha.”
“Good. That simplifies things. Their other offensives won’t pose a problem to the suit. They'll turn off the interstate soon, onto a smaller highway. There should be significantly less traffic.” He doesn’t say the words
, so just fuck off and leave me the fuck alone, wouldja?”
“Is something wrong?” she asks, deliberately keeping her voice light, a bare touch of concern coloring her tone.
He presses against her back, folds his arms around her, and bends his head to hold her close, engulf her in warmth. “Don’t go, Toni,” he says softly, flats his palm against his star, feels her start in shock. “Stay here with people who love you. You don’t need to join me in the ice. I won’t be there much longer. I promise, it’s all going to be okay.”
“Of course, sir.”
He dreams of voices and hands, harsh commands and wheeled gurneys. Dreams of hallways and stone-faced men dressed in black. Dreams of the prick of a needle in his neck, dreams of a man with craggy lines in his face, sandy blond hair and a politician-sharp suit leaning over him at him with a satisfied smile.
“Rhodey and Carol are military. Clint and Tash are SHIELD. They sign on, they’re
. Because
“They have these great inventions in the 21st century,” Bucky says. “They’re called
He retches violently, barely makes it into the bathroom and coughs up bile into the sink. He leans his head against the mirror and turns on the tap to wash it away, splashes water onto his face when he feels like he can open his eyes without the light stabbing into them.
Now, she thinks, absently calling for JARVIS to give her a progress check on his hack, now she can sit and wait for actionable intelligence. She's done all she can to prepare.
Her eyes are wide, and he can feel her heart hammering beside his palm, and she goes still under him, very still. “James,” she says, deliberate and clear, though it’s strangled and harsh. Her throat spasms under his fingers. “You’re safe. You know me. What’s my name?”
Next time I’m fighting off a goddamn army, I’ll just ask them to pretty please wait until I can text you for permission.”
, he wants to say, because he can still feel her pulse fluttering against his crushing grip. “Yeah,” he says instead, and hates himself for the weakness. He raises his head to watch her approach, seeing the bruises and the scrapes and the dark circles under her eyes. Sees the careful way she favors her left side, drowns in shame because he’s the reason she’s injured. He pulls his knees up to his chin, hugs his arms around them.
His answering grin is wolfish and eager. “Betchoo got klahws, kitten
If this is another dream, triggered by the desperate
Squint for Clint/Toni/Natasha.
Toni smirks as she regains her altitude, watching the two drones plummet into the ocean. “How ‘bout that, kiddo? I killed two with one blow.”
To: sgrogers@starkindustries.org
Tony does his very best to not let his irritation
That gets a wince, a flinch, a spike of guilt, everything he was looking for. It doesn’t make him any happier. “Yeah, shit. I got nothing there.” She runs her hands through her hair, blows out a breath. “Yeah, that’s on me. No excuses, honestly. It’s just something we’ve always done. I didn’t even stop to think, and I really should have.”
“Amazing,” the other man says, walking forward to peer more closely at him. “He hasn’t aged at all.”
“Alright,” he says, and leans his head against the back of the chair. “Let’s see if we can unjumble it a bit. Ask me something.”
When Bucky wakes up, it’s the first day of the rest of his life. He doesn’t consciously think of it like that immediately, won’t start counting from this date until long after he’s stopped worrying he’s still in cryo, dreaming of a life he’ll never have with a woman far too good for the likes of him. But somewhere deep in the back of his mind, he recognizes that this morning is the morning that everything changes.
Tony smiles, opens his eyes, and settles his hands on either side of Steve’s face. “You begged me to wake up and try to stop you,” Tony says softly, and takes an immense amount of satisfaction in the way Steve’s eyes go wide and panicked. “And sweetheart, here I am, just like you asked for.”
She bites back the bile rising in her throat, biting her tongue so hard the taste of blood blossoms sharp and metallic in her mouth.
“Occam’s Razor,” Tony murmurs, though not without some sympathy. “When you remove the impossible, whatever’s left, no matter how improbable, has to be the truth.”
Good thing he’s got that whole Extremis electronic communion thing working for him. If not for that, he’d be totally screwed.
Content: Mild violence/abuse warning. Also misogyny and attempts at slut-shaming.
Figures shimmer in the corner, gleaming from the backsplash of computer monitors and low-banked lanterns that are all her captors have given her for light, and she stretches out a hand to them, manages to get it halfway up before her strength is gone and it drops back to her side. “I wish you were here,” she rasps, coughs and chokes on the metallic tang of blood in the back of her throat. “I’ve lived a good life, for all that I’m not even thirty. I have good partners.”
“Bucky, are you sure?”
Fragments of Steve's monologue Tony catches are lifted from
” She’s always known that she’s one bad day and a shitty cup of coffee away from snapping and conquering the world, tries the best to keep looking forward, keep tying herself to anchors she trusts will never let her float into chaos. She never thought it would happen like
Shadows and darkness and something scarily close to apathetic resignation blows through her eyes. “Not anymore.”
They both roll to their feet, Toni blowing a puff of breath upwards to shift a loose lock of hair out of her face. Steve is so graceful she’s rabidly jealous on principle, barely landing on the floor before he back-rolls over his shoulder and into a crouch. She shifts her stance from left forward to right, arms tucked tight to her sides. For a long moment, she stares at him, and he stares back.
There’s a moment of silence, and then Pepper asks, “Anything I should know about?”
Toni taps at her StarkPad, wishing she had the time to get around to miniaturizing the holo screens, because as smooth and nigh-instantaneous as the apps are getting, she really hates bending over a haptic lap screen. Even with the stylus, it’s slower than she’s used to, and she has to restrain herself more. No big gestures and flinging things all over the room, spreading them out in some semblance of order that makes sense to her, if no one else. She has to flip between apps, scroll like a normal person. She knows she’s terribly spoiled by her holotechnology, but this is
she replied shakily, as tears filled her eyes, as the bodies of her people drifted in frozen death around her. Verdandi, Urd, Tyr and Freya.
Toni’s smile is tight. “My father fucked anyone with a vagina and a heartbeat who gave him even the vaguest hint of interest, Uncle Obie,” she says pleasantly. “I hardly think he cared if I had a hot tub party in Rome, if I skied naked down Mount Everest, or let both the Windsor princes tag team me in the ballroom of Buckingham Palace.”
“I don’t know.” She finally answered him as the elevator dinged its arrival.
“Keep your eyes open. Something isn’t right.” Steve called out and hoped to high heaven that no one – Tony – did anything stupid, like go into the situation head first and without backup.
How the hell did I end up so far from where I should be?
“Us? Nope. This is on you.” The first voice responds candidly and Clint breathes a sigh of relief. These must be new agents. “Were you really that stupid to walk right into his line of sight?”
“No, this song is perfect.” Peggy replied and they started swaying to the music.
“Tony.” Steve groaned and pulled the man into another kiss as the other man returned to working them to completion, taking their throbbing erections into his hand once more. Steve came with a shout first, vision whiting out until he felt Tony slump against him.
“No, Pep. I- I’m not crazy. I promise you. I- I’m fine. I’m not crazy.” Tony pleads.
Tony leaned forward and gave him a chaste kiss. “Mmm, that sounds great, but I’ll probably be stuck at SI most of the day. How about we make that dinner instead?”
He had followed some kids into the parking lot, hoping to lose the agents on his trail when he found his ride. As soon as he had seen the two students stoking up on junk food he knew they would be his best bet to get out of town, and he didn’t waste any time charming his way into joining them. He was on the road before the agents probably realized they had lost him.
Clint shakes his arm out, feeling a small prickle of electricity where he collided with that red- Oh hell. Clint ran toward the closest train, he knew that red head looked familiar. She was fucking a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. He needed to get the fuck out of dodge.
Tony considered his friend for a moment. “I see. Unfortunately, I’m afraid I won’t be signing those contracts.”
“I don’t know. I – I honestly don’t know. I -” Everything felt wrong, he couldn’t breathe.
“what’s going on?”
Steve pulled him into his arms before he could walk away. “You are, Tony.” He gave him another kiss and held his face in his hands. “I love you.”
“Yeah we’ll see if that’s still funny when you don’t get any vodka.” Clint looked at Natasha over his shoulder as he walked over to the bar.
“You know, since you already know most of the new interns, its only makes sense that-” Tony is about to suggest Pepper take over for him for the week when she cuts him off.
“Thank you.” Steve smiled against Tony’s mouth as they pulled away from the kiss, resting his forehead against the billionaire’s and closing his eyes. Reveling in the feeling of being in Tony’s bed, in his arms.
“There was an attempt on Senator Brandt and his family this morning.” Hill hands Coulson a file, moving to pull up more information on the laptop closes to her. “We have no definitive chatter yet, but we think it was her.”
Bruce squeezed Clint’s shoulder. “Would you rather have Cap bench you?” Bruce asked from Clint’s side, causing the other man to grunt and shrug Bruce’s hand off his shoulder.
Now that he could relax, at least for a while, Clint wondered what his next move would be. He could go into Canada and wait for the agents to forget about him or he could go down to Mexico and take a long needed vacation. The only problem was that something didn’t feel right.
“If you need anything just ask Jarvis.” Tony continued. “Oh and just like in the tower, you all have your own rooms here so make yourselves at home.” Tony shouted over his shoulder as he began to walk inside. “Party starts at two by the pool. Don’t be late.”
“Hey. Look who finally deemed us worthy of his presence.” Rhodey greeted him from the couch.
She looked over the files of her next mark – another business man – once more before making her way to his private estate. This was to be the simplest of the three jobs she was hired to do. She simply had to rig the house to blow and move on to her next mark. Simple.
“Dammit J.A.R.V.I.S.” Clint swears, lifting up his arms high into the air before letting them drop.
Coulson looks up to see a blurry picture of someone they assume is the famous Black Widow.
Bruce yells, angrily picking up a lamp and throwing it against the wall and storms out of the apartment without cleaning up the mess.
“With all do respect, sir. Why is this guy such a priority for S.H.I.E.L.D.?” Coulson recognized the agent as Warren, one of Agent Hard’s recruits.
“Yeah, it is.” Steve said with a smile. “But I’m okay. I’m happy.” He lied.
“I know that for most of you, this is your first assignment, and as such it is my duty to let you know that your performance during this op will determine the rest of your career.”
Bruce laughed from the pool. “Clint, are you drunk already?” He asked, giving the man a questioning look.
Apparently they had all been waiting for Steve’s approval because as soon as Steve agreed and Tony opened the floor, everyone spoke up at once.
Steve laughed at the disgruntled look on Tony’s face while the rest of the team discussed, rather loudly, possible locations. Clint spent the better part of 20 minutes trying to convince Thor that Six Flags was better than Disneyland, that particular discussion ended with Natasha having to intervene when Clint started waving arrows around erratically, though no one really knows where they came from.
“You? A friend?” She asks suspiciously. Hammer is a pain in the ass.
“No, Pepper. No hospital, please, I’m fine.” Tony repeated as he rubbed his hand over his face and felt tears running down his face.
“Yes! Coming right up!” Clint gave him a salute and turned to pour the mead.
we take the weekend off.”
“AND TO OUR MIGHTY TEAM!” Thor added and earned a laugh from everybody present.
His head is killing him, he’s been having blinding headaches and hallucinations. At first, he blamed it on something he ate, but they have been more frequent as of late.
Tony simply nodded and pulled him close as the music started.
He is stopped by a guard and Bruce takes a step back, confused as to why the guard won’t allow him into his apartment.
“Yes, father.” Thor replied at the same time Loki said, “Fine” and walked out of the chambers.
“Poor girl.” She states and looking at the girl as she walks toward the kitchen.
“I don’t know I’d rather stay out the sun.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“The Wrecker was in DC.” She told him, knowing he would catch on quick.
“Really? Then why were you so quiet this morning? Why didn’t you want to eat with us? And please don’t insult my intelligence by saying you weren’t hungry because I know you, you are always hungry. And why are you having secret conversations with Thor? And why are you avoiding us? Avoiding me?” Tony whispered that last part, so low that Steve was sure he wouldn’t have caught it had it not been for the super soldier serum.
“Nice try, but you’re coming.”
“Remember, just smile and play along if you want him to leave you alone.” Natasha told Bruce as she grabbed her drink and moved to sit on a chair next to him.
Tony made sure to keep his eyes on the screen when he replied. “I told you, I don’t know.” He sighed and looked down at his hands.
“Everyone is to be on comms at all times, and keep your eyes peeled for Beckett or the Purple Man.” Coulson called out as they shuffled out of the quinjet.
Steve blushes and turns back to Peggy. “I am so sorry.”
“You are all here because you are the best. But make no mistake, Barton is not to be underestimated. We are only going to have one opportunity to catch him. Don’t fuck this up.”
“Yup, peachy keen.” Tony answers and gives the waiter a cheeky grin. “We’re gonna need another glass of water and another coffee cup please. Add this one to our tab.”
“What? NO, no no no. You said it yourself, we are on vacation. You need to loosen up and drink with the rest of us!”
He felt alone and couldn’t figure out why. He’d been on his own for years now.
It vibrated again.
“Sir?” J.A.R.V.I.S. asks, and shit this probably wasn’t the first time he was trying to get his attention. “Ms. Potts is on the line, should I ask her to call back at a later time?”
Natasha and Bruce were already in the water. While Clint was at the bar, mixing drinks, already looking a bit tipsy.
“So what you really mean is he suggested we take the weekend, but we can, in theory, take the whole week if we wanted, right?” Clint asked in an amused tone.
Pepper sighed and placed a hand on his shoulder. “Tony, it’s alright. Breathe. Everything is going to be okay.”
Tony put his hands up in mock surrender and motioned for the team to start heading out to where Happy was already parked and waiting for them.
They were almost to the water when Tony finally spoke. “So, is this vacation everything you thought it would be?” He asked with a smirk.
“What else could they be then son? Do you really expect me to believe that the Gods have granted you the power of knowledge and comradery with unknown aliens?”
“Tony, leave the man alone.” Bruce scolded Tony from the stove while Steve poured his coffee.
“Why do I feel like coming here is going to come back and bite us in the ass?” Natasha asked Tony with a raised eyebrow and an easy smile.
To be honest, Natasha wasn’t sure. She knew – they all knew – that Steve was happy, being with Tony had certainly helped but she also knew how miserable this time had made him when he first woke up. Maybe he had just accepted his fate. Accepting the fact that he was here was not the same thing as wanting to be here. An opportunity to go back to his time was probably too big of a temptation to pass.
“Yeah, I’m with hard-head over here. Besides I thought the fact that Thor is still on earth was a mighty good reason not to mess with the Avengers.” This time the one without a weapon spoke up.
“Hey! No fair, I am a harmless human! Watch the God-strength, will you?” Clint wines after Thor shoves him into a wall a little too hard. “Or I swear the next time we are in the field, I will shoot you in the ASS!”
“Loki! Thor! That is enough.” Everyone in the room turned to look at Odin as he stood. “I don’t know what you two are fighting about today, but you will both sit down and join us for dinner or leave these chambers. Am I understood?”
They walked toward the water in a comfortable silence, the moonlight lighting their way. Every few steps Steve would sneak a look at the smaller man and more often than not, he would catch the other man staring back. It made him strangely giddy to think that the slight flush on the other man’s cheeks wasn’t all due to his intoxication level but something else entirely.
“Morning, Steve. Coffee?” Howard greeted him as he entered the kitchen. He was already dressed to go to some meeting no doubt.
Tony groaned deep in his throat, his eyes darkening with arousal. “You have me.” And kissed him again, all the urgency from their first kiss returning.
“You know how Thor is mother. Brute and arrogant, he is probably just upset about seating arrangements.” Loki said not without resentment. “What, did I take the seat you wanted beside Sif?”
His student looked confused and Bruce immediately felt bad, that was the last time he quoted Ton-
(See the end of the chapter for
<<this wasn’t part of the deal
The whole team was already there when Steve walked off the elevator. Bruce and Natasha were standing in a corner of the lobby, deep in conversation. Thor sitting on one of the chairs by the door, and Clint at his side shooting little pieces of paper at Tony, who seemed to be arguing with someone on the phone. By the look of satisfaction on his face, he was winning.
Clint snickered while Bruce and Pepper laughed from their place in the kitchen, Pepper handing Tony his coffee before focusing her attention to her phone and berating Tony for being late.
He gasps, coming back to himself. His head is pounding again but he remembers. He doesn’t want to become his father. He promised himself – promised his dream team? – that he wouldn’t.
“Tony,” Steve starts and reaches to place a hand on Tony’s arm, “its fine. It’s actually really sweet that you cared enough to forget I have super healing.”
Maybe Steve wouldn’t have to sacrifice anything for his team.
“Yeah.” Tony rubbed a hand over his face, the shield forgotten inside the crate. “We were fighting aliens if you could believe it.”
His head hurt. He hadn’t felt this bad since-
“Yeah. So, what is so special about this target then - Sir?” Another of the new recruits, Skye is the one who asks the question.
“Oh.” Steve said sounding a little disappointed and slumped back on his pillow.
“That’s it baby.” Steve whispered, kissing down Tony’s jaw. “So beautiful.”
Tony immediately pulled his fingers out of Steve and sat back on his heels. Slipping the condom on and slicking his cock before lining up against Steve’s entrance. “You sure about this?” Tony asked one last time, giving Steve an out if he wanted it.
“Oh no. I think I’m going to sit this drink fest out thank you.”
“Great! That settles it. Our leader has spoken.” Tony chuckled, “So, where would you all like to go?”
?” Clint asked, the video feed didn’t have a great quality but he was sure the man on the screen wasn’t what you would call “normal”.
“I have been having dreams that seem real. I see people, know people, that don’t exist. That shouldn’t exist. People I have never met, yet in my dreams they are real. I live a life that is completely different. I live with these people, work with them, fight alongside them. I see myself living in a different planet of some kind. I see flashes of things that seem all too real, yet I know can’t be- that I know I haven’t lived. I know how it sounds, but I think its real or could be real. Maybe I have been given the power to see the future or maybe I was dosed with something or maybe-”
“Brother! What are you doing here?”
“It’s a date.” Steve smiled.
Thor feels foolish. He should have expected his reaction.
Tony scoffs at him but doesn’t protest the pillow theft.
“Yes, sir.” Cap answered and ended the call as he relayed instructions to Jarvis to have Tony on standby and left to grab his shield.
“Hey.”
“Well well well, look who finally made it to the party.” The Wrecker called out with a laugh, gripping his crowbar with both hands.
“Of course not, brother. Why would you think that?” Loki asks but there is a sense of falsehood in his words that Thor had never noticed before. He realizes with a jolt, that its always been there, Thor just never noticed. “Father and I were merely discussing-”
“Yes, you did.” Steve replied at the same time Clint cheered from across the room. “You definitely know how to throw a party Stark!”
“No,”
“Maybe because when Fury said we could take the weekend off he probably didn’t mean for us to leave New York, let alone the country.” Clint chimed in with a laugh, grabbing Natasha by the shoulders and walking towards the back of the car to grab their bags.
“No.”
Tony shook his head and tried to get the images out of his mind. “Pull up the next file JARVIS.”
“Does Cap know yet?” Bruce asked, reaching toward Clint’s shoulder to pat his team mate.
“Well at first glance it appears to be some sort of basis for time machine of some sort. Based on Beckett’s papers and the files we looked at last night, however, we think it’s something else. Something having to do with inter-dimensional travel of some sort. Several components would be redundant if time travel was the case -” Tony began what was sure to be another famous Stark rant – and god did Steve love this man – before Bruce thankfully cut him off.
“Steve.”
Coulson stares at Mack, he is a good agent, but a bit combative. He wishes more agents were like Mack.
“Bigger how?”
“Of course not.” Tony answered with a small smile and turned to his friend and PA. “Just having a friendly little chat.”
Great, his group was officially worse than Hill’s.
Steve sighed in relief as the nurse took one last vial of blood and walked out of the room. He hoped this was the end of it and he would finally be allowed to leave – though at the moment he wasn’t really sure where he would go since he didn’t exactly have a home. He felt a sharp pain in his chest at the thought. He didn’t have a home. He knew he should be happy that he didn’t die and leave his friends but he couldn’t help but feel a deep sadness settle in his chest. What was he supposed to do now? How was he going to be able to survive this time without-
“That won’t be necessary, sir. Your bill has already been taken care of,” the waitress smiles sweetly, pointing toward a table in the center of the room, “courtesy of that lady in the purple dress.” She seems unaware of the turmoil inside his head.
Steve stood frozen in place, not sure how to reply.
Pepper is also making sure Obie is busy at the office and, by extension, staying away from Tony.
“Yeah, okay. Let them know I’ll be right up.”
“It also appears that they are in DC, so you two,” Fury directed his glare at Clint and Tasha, “need to go down there and see what those two are up to. And I don’t need to tell you to be discreet.”
Clint looks around and realizes that he can’t see the agent anymore. Fuck.
Natasha drove off, throwing the disposable phone out the window. This wasn’t what she signed on for. She knew it didn’t make sense. She wasn’t proud of it, but she had killed children before, whole families even. This wouldn’t be anything new but she just couldn’t do it.
Peggy gave him a questioning look. “You’ve been missing for a year, Steve. It’s a miracle Howard was able to find you in the ice.”
Tony tightened his hold on Steve, holding him close before kissing the back of his neck. “Morning.”
“Widow, gorgeous, how are-”
“Look I know you missed your date with Peggy and I’m sorry, but learning to dance isn’t the same as betraying her, it’s moving on with your life. She would want that.”
“What for?” Steve asks, honestly confused as to why Tony is apologizing. “You’re not the one who broke the coffee cup. If anything, I should be apologizing for ruining-”
“Shut up.” Betty reaches for a stack of papers sitting on the dresser and hands them to Bruce. “Ta-da.” Betty sings and laughs again.
“I’m fine.” Tony had his head in his hands,
“Thor, is everything alright?” Sif asked from her seat.
“Containment. I want the Wrecking Crew under S.H.I.E.L.D. custody until we figure out what this Beckett guy’s plan is. Thor, I want you to take the Wrecker, your hammer is the best defense against his crowbar. Banner, I want the Hulk to take on Piledriver. Iron Man, you and Hawkeye got Bulldozer. Black Widow and I will take on Thunderball. I want these guys taken out quickly and safely.” Steve called out orders as Clint landed the quinjet a safe distance away from where the Wrecking Crew were causing havoc.
“I wouldn’t dream of it.”
If it were up to Coulson he would recruit the guy as S.H.I.E.L.D. had originally intended once upon a time, but he doesn’t know what happened with that. All Coulson knows is the he got the order to take Barton out, and that was what he intended to do.
Bruce, who was a great deal sober than the rest, repeated the sentiment and waved goodnight, rushing over to help Natasha put Clint to bed.
There is a small voice inside her head, however, that is asking her to stay at the carnival. It’s all very unnerving. The large crowd is the only thing keeping her calm. She has a gut feeling that she is missing something. Something important.
A loud screech followed by the sounds of people running makes him freeze.
“Captain Rogers, I need you and all the available Avengers down at the Federal Reserve Bank at Liberty and Williams immediately. Coronel Rhodes, and Agents Barton and Romanoff are otherwise engaged so you will have to make do with whoever is on hand.”
He’s allowed to live a little.
“Right away, Mr. Stark.” Pepper rushes past the two men.
Looking up to see the other two men staring at him.
They were almost to the door when the Avengers alert went off on Tony’s phone.
Natasha doesn’t think she has ever truly relaxed before, taken time for herself, she isn’t even sure it’s possible. She thinks it would be nice to finally do it, go to the mountains and commune with nature, maybe go over to Europe and get lost among tourist, disappear in the crowds and be invisible for more than just necessity. Maybe she can go to the beach, stick her toes in the sand and enjoy the calm waters.
“It sounded like it was coming from the main tent, come one. It’s probably Barton.” The two rush out as the female agent begins yelling into her coms. “All Agents to the main tent.” She really should try to be more subtle.
“Sorry, it really is nothing personal.” She apologized as she went to stand behind the man and slit his throat.
“And now Fury wants Cap to bench him from the team if he doesn’t apologize.” Natasha said in an amused tone.
“Amazing? Incredible? Fantastic?” Tony finished for Steve, looking up from where he was spread over him and grinning at the super soldier.
“No, thank you. Just the check, please.” Sam is sitting in a corner booth at a small café. His eyes keep straying to the door, half expecting someone to walk in looking for him. He feels his heart start racing every time the little bell above the bell rings. Every time he looks up, he is filled with disappointment.
“Yes?”
He will find the answers he needs here in Asgard, and if he doesn’t…
“I don’t know!” Tony answered cutting Pepper off. “I don’t know.” He repeated, whispering softly, feeling like he was losing his mind.
Natasha tries to imagine what life would be like if she finally walked away. She imagines she would feel calmer. She could find another job, one that wouldn’t have her looking over her shoulder at every turn, though she knows she would be able to live off the money she has made so far, at least for a little while. She could find a small home in a quiet mundane state and live comfortably.
“Your bill, it’s been paid.” The waitress smiles, looking a little confused.
“By God Stark,” Phillips interrupted and turned to Howard, “you did it.”
“Morning.”
“God no, can you imagine? I’d be even more fucked up than I already am, if he was.” Tony pulls a few wires and grumbles under his breath when sparks shoot out from it. “That honor actually goes to my butler growing up, Edwin Jarvis. Steve actually met him a few times. I think if he could, he would go back in time just to thank him.” Tony chuckles.
Tony released Bruce and waved at Happy as he pulled up. “You know me so well Legolas.” Clint flipped him off and tried to shoot Tony again, this time Natasha stepped in and blocked the shot.
Peggy’s laugh is infectious and Steve can’t help but laugh with her. Most of the patrons still in the diner have turned to look at them but Steve can’t find it in himself to care.
“Thanks Jarvis.” Natasha answered pressing the button for the appropriate floor and turning to Clint. “On a scale from one to ten, how angry do you think Fury will be tomorrow?”
Steve smiles at Tony and squeezes his arm before letting go.
“It appears so.” Phil answered as Fury made his way over to the three.
Eventually everyone seemed too entranced by their conversation to wonder about what was said between him and Thor, which Steve appreciated. Steve was especially grateful that Tony’s questioning eyes never lingered much on his face and he never voiced his questions, even as he tried to include him in the conversation. He knew himself too much to know that he would give the man anything – in hindsight he really should have known how he felt sooner - and everything he asked for and this wasn’t something he wanted to share with anybody, let alone him.
“Yeah, I guess I should. I mean I don’t really have any swim trunks or any beach wear at all for that matter.” Steve sheepishly replied, reaching to scratch behind his neck, a nervous habit he picked up from Tony himself.
“That means yes.” Supplied Natasha, earning a laugh from Bruce and Steve and a snort from Clint. Thor seemed too preoccupied with the mead to even notice and Tony – well Tony was having what seemed like a shouting match with Jarvis across the room.
>>The price of his head just went up
“Fuck. Coulson is going to murder us.” A male voice answers, by the sound of his accent the dude is Scottish.
He has to- Just as quickly as the thought had formed, it disappeared. Leaving Thor bereft and with a blinding headache.
“Fury?” Agent May asks, her face blank, revealing nothing. “As in Former Agent Nick Fury?”
“Agent Hill.”
“I may have believed that if I hadn’t just seen you crying in the kitchen, Tony.” She sighed and pulled up a chair beside him. “I’ve known you long enough to know that something is wrong. Even you wouldn’t use tears to get out of a meeting. So I’ll ask you again, what’s going on?”
Steve shakes his head and looks down at his drawing.
“We should, probably stop.” Tony muttered after a few minutes, tangling their hands together. “Although it would be really hot to stay and continue this
“On your left.”
Steve cut off the other man’s words with his lips. It took all of two seconds after Tony repeated his question for his resolve to break. Tony was asking why he hadn’t kissed him and Steve knew he couldn’t deny the man any longer.
“Yes.” Steve replied, no hesitation in his voice. He wanted Tony more than he wanted to breathe. “Please.”
, yes it was very,
He asked the university for a few days off and often finds himself taking long walks around the park, he is probably simply overworked.
Natasha looks down at the phone in her hand. The caller ID shows a blocked number. She answers with a sigh.
“Thor listen, about last night-” Steve started only to be cut off by Thor’s laughter.
“Yes, she did.” Pepper replied moments before Tony walked into the kitchen and said, “She didn’t call me.”
Steve tuned him out and focused on his coffee, avoiding the stares coming from his team.
A knock at the door brought him out of his thoughts and he looked up to see Peggy and Howard at the door.
“Most likely. It’s too big of a coincidence for it to be anything else.” Natasha answered taking out photographs from their surveillance and pushing them toward Steve. “This man was also present in DC which leads us to believe that there is something bigger at play.”
“Do you ever talk to him about it?” Natasha asks, taking a seat at one of the work benches. She faces away from Tony, not wanting to pressure him. “Steve, I mean, about the whole Obie incident?”
The mission had been – informative. Fury had sent them down to DC to stakeout Dr. Beckett and the mysterious man seen with him in the security footage they obtained that morning. Beckett had been on S.H.I.E.L.D.’s radar since the physicist published a paper on theoretical time travel – though given S.H.I.E.L.D.’s interest in the subject, Natasha is willing to bet it may not be theoretical after all. The physicist had disappeared shortly after his publication and now that he reappeared it was their job to make sure he wasn’t planning anything crazy.
“Enough!” Odin seems angry now. All the amusement gone from his voice and his body is tense, as if ready to strike at a moment’s notice. “Now, here is what is going to happen. I am going to pretend that you are simply tired. I will choose to believe my son, the heir to all of Asgard and the nine realms, is not losing his mind.
Steve was surprised that they made it upstairs and into Tony’s bedroom without any of the others coming out to see what all the commotion was, but the thought quickly left his mind when Tony cupped him through his swim trunks and pushed him back against the bed.
“Something like that, yeah.” Steve laughed and leaned down slightly to kiss the other man’s temple.
“Is everything ok, Steve?”
Tony huffed and glared half-heartedly and won another chuckle from Steve. “Captain America being smug, what has this world come to?” Tony mumbled as he got out of bed.
“Tony can eat an apple for now, plus I’m sure the interns will have some sort of breakfast ready at the office. Come on, we have a very important meeting to get to.”
“Again, I am so sorry, Howard.” But you kind of deserved it. Steve thought.
Odin is speaking to Loki when Thor arrives, they both fall silent when Thor walks in.
“No, don’t worry about it. This isn’t your fault.” Peggy assures him and reaches for his hand. “You can’t help the fact that you’re, you.”
Bruce looked up at her and took her hand in between both of his. “Nothing.” Betty laughed, a sweet carefree laugh, and leaned down to place a small chaste kiss on his lips. The moment, however, was broken by the alarms going off and Jarvis informing them that Fury was on the line.
“In my defense, this was all Clint’s idea.” He shrugs and moves to sit against the couch, stealing one of the pillows to use as a seat cushion.
Steve scoffs and they all place their orders. It doesn’t escape Sam’s notice that Steve moves his hands to cover the small pouch on the table.
Bruce shook his head.
Tony smirked and put his arm around Bruce’s shoulder, “Yeah.”
Are they even trying to stay under the radar now? Worse than my trainees at Shield…
“Did you start early in anticipation for this? You are kind of making me nervous.” Bruce informs her but accepts the champagne flute and the punch his words earned him.
“I’m sorry Ian. I’ve just had a long day. You were saying.”
“I see. Loki, leave us alone for a minute.” Odin dismisses Loki without a second thought. If Thor hadn’t been paying attention, he wouldn’t have seen the way Loki’s face contorts in betrayal, but he is paying attention and he does see it. “What do you need to speak to me about?” Odin finally asks when Loki steps out the room.
“I can’t get drunk. There really is no point in me drinking.” Steve countered, it had been years since he last tried to get drunk but he remembered all too clearly how it hadn’t worked.
“Sorry to hear that big guy.” Howard patted his shoulder and moved to sit at the table.
“Please, I have a wife. I have kids!” The man begged for what had to be the hundredth time.
“And this job, for your friend? I don’t suppose you get something out of this as well.” Natasha asks, she is feeling extremely uneasy about this whole conversation. Hammer is a sleazy fucker and there is something about Malibu-
“Trust me, you don’t want to know. Would you boys like some breakfast?” Bruce asked pointing to where the stack of pancakes was sitting on the counter. “I made plenty.”
Bruce shook his head and took a deep breath, suppressing a shudder at the thought of hulking out with so many of his friends in close quarters. It has been a while since the last time he accidentally hulked out and he would hate to break that streak let alone hurt his friends in the process, again.
Tony was relieved that neither Pepper nor Rhodey had said anything in front of Obie – distrusting the man whom he had once thought of as a father figure.
the project, Stark.” Natasha quipped before turning back to her conversation with Clint.
“Have it your way.” Tony said as dodged the ball and sent a repulsor blast toward Thunderball, sending him flying back and just like that the fight started.
With that he gets up and leaves without looking back.
Sam lets out a howling laugh and Steve rolls his eyes.
“I’m sorry?”
Clint squeezed her arm and she looked up to see the man frowning at her in concern. She unclenched the fists she was unaware she had made and relaxed, nodding at the man that she was alright. Clint released her arm and she gave him a small smile before going over to sit next to Steve.
“You know, you make it really hard for me to love you sometimes.” Pepper hangs up before Tony finishes his sentence. He really should be more offended that his personal assistant keeps cutting him and hanging up on him. “J.A.R.V.I.S. remind me to change Pepper’s ringtone on my phone,” he laughs, “and to buy her something really nice for her birthday.”
“You shot two trainees in the ass yesterday.”
They were all in combat when they heard Coulson report that Beckett and the Purple Man had been spotted. Thor had already taken down the Wrecker and was currently assisting Iron Man while Hawkeye distracted Piledriver with exploding arrows for the Hulk to take down. Steve was momentarily distracted by Coulson’s announcement when everything went wrong. A bright light coming from the park’s side entrance started brightening the sky and he ended up on the wrong side of Thunderball’s demolition ball.
Coulson picks a team of four agents to help him follow Clint. Three are new recruits but he has known Agent May for a couple of years and he knows her reputation. If you need a job done, she is who you go to.
Tony thought as he let himself be held.
“Bruce, trust me, we could all use a little bit of sun.”
Thor walks into the room to see Tony and Steve already camped out in the good couch, surrounded by various pillows and blankets.
Fury?” Tony questioned the archer but answered him anyway. “He
Tony cleared his throat as soon as the other three were gone. “They really don’t look bad Steve.” He gave Steve an encouraging smile. “Trust me. I have excellent taste.” He added with a wink.
“Oh here we go!” Clint chimed in and came up to Thor, patting the man on his back. “Ain’t no party like an Avenger party! Come on big guy. Bring the mead over to the bar so we can start serving these nice folks.”
“Seriously, what’s up Cap?”
“Come on Bruce, live a little.”
“Dude, whose side are you on?”
“Steve. You’re so great. So beautiful. You feel incredible.” Tony mumbled as he fucked into Steve, shifting his position in an attempt to find the other man’s prostate. “Talk to me baby. How does it feel? Please tell me you love it.”
“Yeah, so stop twitching or the next person to be shot in the ass is going to be you.” Natasha supplied with a smile that had Clint sliding his chair away from her. He has worked with her for long enough to know that she wasn’t opposed to shooting anybody, especially when they got on her nerves.
“Downtown? Pepper what are you talking about?” Tony began to protest, he didn’t know what was going on and now Pepper was telling him he needed to go downtown.
“Good morning.” Steve greeted sounding far less cheerful than most mornings.
“I’m sure she’ll get over it.” Peggy laughs as the woman makes her way over.
“That sounds nice, actually. We can -” Tony, whom was now much closer than before, licked his lips as he spoke and Steve’s eyes were immediately drawn to the motion. He’d barely have to move and he’d be in Tony’s space, his lips would be on Tony’s and he would finally know what it would feel like to kiss Tony.
“No, thanks, Bruce. Tony doesn’t have time for breakfast this morning.” Pepper answered for Tony and the billionaire shrugged as he drank his coffee.
She makes to hang up before she hears his words.
He had been staying with Howard in his mansion in New York since he woke up from the ice. Both men had built a tentative friendship where they were comfortable around each other, even if most days Steve felt the urge to punch his old friend – though the last part didn’t make any sense.
have shot off a few arrows, and they
“Except for that.”
Thor flashes to late night tea and coffee therapy with the team. Its 3 am on a Wednesday and no one can sleep.
“What if this guy is building an actual working time machine? Do you think- I don’t know, that maybe Cap will want to go back?” Clint asked looking more troubled than Natasha had seen him in a long time.
“Seriously Barton?
“Congrats Jane.” Sam lifted his drink toward Jane.
Tony gave him a breath taking smile, one Steve couldn’t help but return and made his heart skip a beat. Last night’s revelation still fresh in his mind.
“Didn’t I tell you this was going to be a great party?” Tony asked, smirking at Steve, there was a slight flush in his cheeks and Steve wondered whether it was due to his alcohol intake or something else.
“Later Captain, right now S.H.I.E.L.D. needs Agents Barton and Romanoff.” Coulson answered as Clint and Natasha went over the files Coulson brought in, both were already in what Bruce liked to refer to as
“Right. I can’t.” She answers and promptly hangs up.
Steve felt like he had just fallen asleep when the Avenger’s alarm went off. Yesterday had been a long day. Between Natasha and Clint going off to DC, Tony in meetings all day, and the rest of the team dealing with the aftermath of their fight with the Wrecking Crew, they had barely gotten any time to rest. Even his dinner plans were ruined, the whole day had been a complete and total bust.
“He wasn’t always crazy.”
“Steven,” Thor spoke in a low tone from behind Steve, “may I have a word with you in private?”
Steve grabbed the back of Tony’s neck and pulled him into a kiss. It was meant to be a small kiss, nothing but their lips pressed together but damn if Tony wasn’t going to give into it. Bringing his hands up to cup Steve’s face Tony deepened the kiss, slipping his tongue into Steve’s mouth when the other man parted his lips.
“Sir, if you don’t mind me saying, by the sounds of things, this mission is personal.” Mack, one of the new recruits, states staring at Coulson asking him to defy him.
“Tease.”
Steve shook his head, “No thanks, I’m not really hungry, just wanted a cup of coffee is all.” He walked to the coffee maker with his head down to avoid eye contact with his team members.
“Correct, Ms Potts. Captain Rogers has not requested Iron Man’s presence but has instructed that he have the suit on standby.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, don’t take it the wrong way. I don’t mean to pry. Well maybe a little, but I totally understand if you don’t want to tell me or whatever. I just mean – well see you’ve just been acting a little weird lately, not that any of us are exactly normal or anything, but I mean it’s not normal for you, which isn’t to say you’re weird but -”
“Please. I can pay you anything. I’ll give you anything you ask for. I can pay twice what your employer paid. PLEASE!” the man begged.
. God, Tony. You feel amazing. You’re so big. Of course I love it. Of course I love -” Steve groaned loudly as Tony found his prostate. “Tony.” Steve whimpered, lost in pleasure. Wanting to come, but not wanting this to end. “I need to come.”
“Of course Agent Barton.”
The bell above the door rings and Sam looks up to see Natasha and Steve rush toward him.
Packing up and sending a text to her employer.
“Come on, don’t be a spoil sport and toast with us.”
“The right thing?” Rhodey exclaimed, standing up. “What the hell are you talking about Tones?”
This may have a bunch of mistakes but here you go. Updating just to be a pain in the ass.
“Maybe had you not shot those two trainees, I’d be inclined to let you help the rest of your team.” Fury told him before walking over to Hill to ask for an update from the situation on the ground.
Natasha tells herself she declined the job because she already has another mark down in Phoenix, a serial rapist this time. She doesn’t think twice about the fact that her new marks all seen to be criminals and that she is barely making any money on these kills.
“So, what group activity do you have planned for us tomorrow?” Tony asked, startling Steve out of his thoughts. His eyes were still closed when he started talking – which Steve was thankful for – but they promptly opened when Steve didn’t answer. “Cap?”
He had barely gotten to his feet when he turned and saw Thunderball coming toward him.
“That was…” Steve trailed off, too blissed out to even finish the sentence.
The best part of the night, for Steve anyway, was that he spent it mostly by Tony’s side, which was only partly due to the courage provided by the mead. Eventually though, more than one Avenger began to stumble and they moved the party over to the living room, if only to keep Jarvis at ease, though they were all still in their swim wear and it was well past midnight.
were the one that insisted breakfast be a team bonding activity right?” Tony asked in a tone he usually used when he was trying to make light of a serious situation.
Tony groaned and resumed pounding into Steve, harder and faster than before. It only took a few more thrusts and he was coming, crying out Steve’s name. He collapsed on top of Steve and they laid there for a few moments, trying to catch their breath.
Now though, when he was alone with his thoughts, Thor couldn’t ignore a sense of longing.
“I – um – still you are a team member and we never should have –” Steve clears his throat, “I don’t want things to be weird with the team.”
