“I do not advise that, gentlemen.” A pleasant female voice came over the comm. “Mars’ atmosphere is only one percent that of Earth’s, and the Reapers have invaded the Sol system. Shepard, the best place to put them is in the Medbay, particularly since two of them are injured. I’ve secured the door to the AI Core, so they will not be able to access my vital systems.”
“You did, Dean.” The angel snarked. “Twice when we were going to confront Eve, and once more after Metatron stole my grace. But I suppose you’re right. Bullets wouldn’t feel very...” The three of them looked up as the sky darkened and they heard a rumbling of thunder accompanied by a metallic groan. Red lightning flashed in the clouds. Suddenly a gigantic black ship descended out of the dark clouds, wreathed in red static and spreading out five enormous legs. A red beam of energy shot out from the ship as it landed, making the ground shake, and burned its way along the ground toward the hotel and a large building on the other side of the docks. The front of the hotel exploded in flame and showers of glass, followed by large fireballs that vanished in small blast-waves as they hit the street, leaving wiry grey-skinned humanoid zombies and lumpy potbellied creatures in their wake. The zombies began running toward a group of people that had come running out of the burning hotel and leaped on them, biting and clawing. The lumpies shambled across the street toward an apartment building, firing at fleeing residents with cannons that took the place of their right arms.
Castiel took a step forward, but Shepard caught his attention and shook his head. Udina’s grip tightened on the pistol, and Kaidan fired one shot that hit the human Councilor square in the chest and dropped him. Castiel snapped his aura off and staggered. Sam and Dean grabbed their friend and helped him sit down on the deck. Dean handed him two bottles of energy drink, and Sam fished several meal bars out of Castiel’s coat for him. “That was pretty risky,” Dean whispered. “You gonna be okay?” Cas nodded and drained first one energy drink and then the other.
Shepard blinked and shook his head. “One of these days, I'm sure I'll get the full story.” He pointed back over his shoulder. “Sam, report to the Medbay ASAP so Dr. Chakwas can give you a complete exam and a psych eval.” Sam nodded and headed out of the brig and up the stairs. Shepard watched the hunter retreat, and sighed.
Hackett raised an eyebrow. “And Castiel?”
Sam chuckled and got up out of bed. “Don’t talk with your mouth full, Dean--finish your pie and get dressed so we can go have some actual breakfast.”
“What’s with the facepaint?” Dean whispered to Garrus.
SAM: (groans) Oh crap....
“Dean’s here.” Sam jumped up from his chair, and Azrael quickly leapt in front of him and placed a hand on his chest. “Wait. He’s indoctrinated, and full of implants. But that’s not all--the Reapers are here too. Whatever Cerberus was working on, the Reapers want to shut it down. Wait, let me finish,” she said when Sam opened his mouth to speak. “I managed to get us out of containment when some Cerberus fucks came to terminate you. We’re hiding in a sealed research lab. There’s somebody else here--human, and unindoctrinated as near as I can tell--but I don’t recognise her. She doesn’t seem hostile, but I--” Azrael vanished for a second, then reappeared. “Go drive. I’ve got this.”
“Dean, Sam, you guys there?” Joker’s voice crackled over their comms.
make me a prisoner.”
“Something like that,” Gabriel quietly replied.
“Actually, I am here.” Jimmy shot back, somewhat acidly. “I’ve always been here, Castiel, and you know it.” He pointed to the angel’s heart when he said it. “All the times you died, I died with you. All the times that God brought you back, He brought me back too. You’re very special to Him.” Cas closed his eyes for a moment and felt a faint rush of energy. He opened his eyes and looked to see Jimmy still sitting there. “He wants you to learn. To understand.”
“Save it. I’ve...lost too much blood.”
Shepard fished out the packet of cat treats from his desk and put a few on the desktop before depositing Ninja there and leaning in a little closer to the holoscreen.“Hi Mom. I managed to escape Vancouver--Anderson and Hackett have me going to the Citadel to try to get help.” Shepard paused for a moment. “Uhh, listen Mom--this will sound like a really odd request, but...”
“And you would have let me do it,” he replied sadly, acknowledging the double-entendre. “That man died on the Citadel.” Gabriel took her hand and kissed the palm. “I won’t force you come with me, Rasa.”
“He’s acknowledging you as his son. The touching of foreheads is a gesture of affection for a loved one, among our people.”
“Where’d he go?”
Gerrel finally replied after a pause that seemed like an eternity. “Very well,” he said with resignation. “All ships, stand down.” Shepard smiled, and Dean and Sam both breathed a sigh of relief.
and toward an end on his own terms. It would be all over soon.
“No,” Sam said. “I’m almost done.” He wiped some sweat off his forehead and resumed using the cutting torch function of his Omni-Tool to burn the foot-wide half-foot deep lines of the Reaper Trap into the rock. “Do you really think this is going to work, Cas?”
The shuttle’s console beeped, and Hackett keyed in a series of commands before speaking again. “I’m sure,” he replied. “That was the auto-dock prompt. We should be okay, now that we’re clear of the asteroids.” He turned to face the mother of his sons. “Hannah…” Hackett smiled and got out of the pilot’s seat to kneel in front of her, then brushed a stray lock of silver-streaked dark hair from her face. "I should have done this years ago." He reached into his shirt pocket and fished out the ring Israfel had given him. "Hannah Shepard, I told you once that I couldn't be the husband you deserved--and like the idiot I was, I rationalized it by quoting regs." Hackett held out the ring to the mother of his son. "Fuck the regs, Hannah. I have always loved you, from the moment we first met as recruits. If you'll have me, I..."
“No. Wherever he is, he’s very well-hidden.”
"Cerberus is attacking the Citadel--I'm with Thane, we just evaded two squads of Cerberus commandos."
“Damn,” Dean observed as they walked past crumbling walls and fallen columns, “This place looks like a war zone.” He reached down and picked up a pebble from the ground, which he put in the same pocket as the pebble he picked up on Sur’kesh.
DEAN: Oh, I think James is helping with that too. (SAM facepalms, CASTIEL gets a briefly confused look on his face. KAIDAN shakes his head and then looks back at SHEPARD)
“Because we kinda need to.” Jimmy held out the pomegranate half. “We need to stabilize ourselves, Cas. Whatever’s happening, we need to let it happen because it's the only thing that'll keep us from getting torn apart by all this dark energy.”
“Yes sir.”
“That was not a request, Mr. Winchester.” The doctor’s jaw was firmly set, and her dark eyes flashed with ire. “You will cooperate, whether you like it or not.” She nodded to her assistant. “Shut him down,” she said. “We’ve got enough data for today.” She stepped over the bodies of the dead troopers and walked out. Two more troopers came in and dragged their fellows out of the room. The assistant tapped another button on his Omni-Tool, and the world went dark.
“Here. Use this.” He put Dean’s Omni-Tool in his hand, and the clasps wrapped themselves snugly around his fingers. “That should do the trick.”  Lawson stepped back again, and Dean clenched his fist. The Omni-Tool lit up, and a flaming orange blade flicked out. Lawson and the troopers backed through the entrance to the room, and the door shut in front of them. “Drop the force field,” he said.
Shepard activated his comms unit. “Go ahead.”
“No,” Thane said. “Castiel and I evaded their commandos with the help of Major Alenko.”
(See the end of the chapter for
KAIDAN stands and paces toward the fishtank, then turns to face the group.
“Come on in--this is your place, after all.” Her green eyes sparkled, and she indicated the chair. “Did you sleep okay?” He slowly walked toward the chair and carefully sat down in it after poking at the cushions. “Don’t worry, it won’t bite.” The strange woman chuckled. “Care for some iced tea?” He started to shake his head, then changed his mind and slowly nodded. The woman poured some tea in a glass and handed it to him. He sniffed at it, expecting to detect some sort of toxin, and smelled something that he couldn’t identify. He took a tiny sip, and tasted something tart and mildly sweet under the tannins of the tea.
“They won’t last long enough to figure it out.” Shepard punctuated his statement with an emphatic slash of his open palm. “I’ll make damn sure of that.”
There was no point in fighting anymore. She had served her cause, fought her war, and now she was ready for the end. She closed her eyes and shut out the sound of approaching Reaper minions, waited to become a nameless martyr for humanity...and met silence.
“Esteban!” James’ slightly panicked shout came over the comms.
Ori if Azrael hadn’t been here backing me up, Stannis--and he wouldn’t have had a lot of trouble either, given all the implants that Cerberus must have put in him.”
Miranda narrowed her eyes slightly. “You said you were captured by Cerberus. That means you’ve more than likely had implants put in you and God only knows what else done.”
Castiel scratched an itch on the top of his head for a moment. “Every sentient being has a soul,” He explained. “When an angel takes a vessel, the vessel’s soul remains and serves as a renewable power source. Jimmy contains and augments the eezo in my nervous system, like a regulator of sorts. He’s also awake, insofar as he’s able to see what goes on, even though I have control of the body. You could say that he’s, uh...watching from his living room. He could talk to me, I suppose, though he hasn’t had much reason to lately.” The angel sighed. “Even so--I know what all of your questions are getting at. I’m strong, but I am not invincible.”
“You know what this place reminds me of, Sammy?” Dean looked up at his brother and scooted over to let him sit in the shade. “New Mexico. Only with more water.” He took a deep swig from his canteen. “Cas send you over here?” he asked, nodding towards Castiel. The angel had his tongue out and looked to be actively concentrating on his work. Dust flew up into his face.
Dean’s eyes grew wide. “Wait--so you can use that thing to gank somebody?” he asked somewhat gleefully. “Just run up on them and shiv ‘em in the back?”
“We don’t have a lot of time, so I’ll make this quick.” Sam jumped back from the mirror when the image spoke to him in his own voice, and collapsed at a sudden stabbing pain in his skull. The image winced and knitted its brow, and the pain subsided. Sam slowly got to his feet and gaped at his reflection, which put a finger to its--his--lips and lowered a hand to indicate that he should keep his voice down.
Castiel nodded. He got out an energy drink and opened it up. “Yes--now all we have to do is find the Reaper.” He took a drink and looked at Dean. “I’ll be fine, Dean.”
SAM: You’ve gotta be kidding me!
“I should go,” he said as he put his glove on again. He walked back through the door, calling “Good luck getting them out of the vaults, Dean--you’ll need it!” over his shoulder as the vault’s mechanism slid it into an open slot on the wall.
“So what’s that got to do with the husk?” Gabriel poured himself a glass of water, drained it, and poured himself another. The water was slightly fruity, which encouraged him to drink. “Did they ally with the Reapers?”
Udina’s voice continued, the word “alien” dripping with contempt.
Castiel heard a high-pitched trilling sound, and he opened his eyes to Ninja staring at him with his inquisitive green eyes. The little black cat started softly purring and gave the angel a nose-kiss. “Hello little cat,” Castiel said quietly. He reached up to pet the cat, who affectionately headbutted his hand and squirmed enthusiastically under Castiel’s touch. Castiel’s Omni-Tool pinged, and he paused to read a text message:
“Shouldn’t we try to rescue them?” The child asked. “I mean, shouldn’t the Winchesters be with the Normandy?” After a few seconds, he added “For that matter, how did Sam Winchester ever consent to another angel be--”
“Dean, you may want to be--” Kaidan’s voice was cut off by a slightly agitated feminine voice.
Angels watched the battle play out in the Cargo Bay, invisible and silent. Some wanted to help the one they referred to as Elder Son, others wanted simply to separate the two and have them make peace--but this was a fight that they had to stay out of. Shepard and his clone had to settle this between themselves.
“Actually Castiel, it was.” Shepard looked back to see Sam standing there with the Mark of Death on his forehead. The hunter’s eyes glowed briefly, and a faint shadow of spreading wings appeared on the wall behind him. “My name is Azrael.” He sighed. His knees started to tremble slightly. “I’m an Angel of the Lord, but I’m not exactly what my baby brother believes I am.” Azrael looked over at the Lawson sisters. “You sure you’re going to be okay, Miranda?”
“We’ll keep up with you,” Dean said. “We’re not leaving anyone behind. You need a moment to catch your breath, you let us know.”
Adams frowned a bit and sighed. “Come on, you and I both know that’s not what she’s going to say.” When Joker shot a glare at him, the chief Engineer got up and moved to sit on the console next to Joker. “She just wa--”
they’ve run up a body count. They're murderers and thieves, neither the PPB nor the courts were willing to do anything to stop their marauding, so in my opinion they kinda had it coming.” He sat down, and indicated a seat by his desk. “Grab a seat, let’s chat.”
“We can, but we don’t really need to, and it takes a little concentration for angels to taste food the way mortals do. Mostly we eat for the benefit of our companions. Same with sleep, bathing, and the like. Since our vessels are our companions, we like to show them some gratitude by caring for their basic needs.” Israfel sat and took an orange from the bowl, and started to peel it with her fingernails. “Anyway. You’ve got a kitchen here that you can use to make your own food. You’ll run into some other angels--your aunts and uncles, for lack of a better term--but if you don’t want to cook with them, we do have recipe books you can use.” She paused. “You’ve got a million questions, don’t you?” When her son nodded, Israfel continued, “go ahead and ask. I’ll answer as much as I can--though some questions will require fairly long and involved answers.”
“Great.” Shepard looked down at Sanders. “Can you scrub this footage? Cerberus is going to send another ship around eventually, and I don’t want them seeing this.” Sanders nodded, and Shepard opened his comms to the Normandy. “Dean, Sam--I’ve got confirmation that Castiel was here. There are some other Cerberus troops on the station, so we’re going to check it out. If we find him, do you have any advice for trying to talk him down?”
Sam sat looking quietly at a spot on the floor of the observation lounge in his mind. Azrael sat across from him, her expression dark.
After a long pause, Castiel replied, “Yes.”
JOKER and EDI are sitting in the cockpit of the Normandy. JOKER clears his throat.
Shepard kissed Kaidan again and reached up to wipe away a tear. “I don’t care, Kaidan. I’m just happy that I don’t have to worry about taking down the Reapers without you. But now I have to go talk to Cas about his little stunt, and explain to him why it’s a bad idea to leave the house without telling anyone.”
Adileh shook her head. “I’ll be fine. My heartrate got a little up there for a few seconds, but no harm done.” She looked over at Hazariel. “You know they’re going to shit bricks on the
regs, Steven. You’re both still head over heels for each other--even a blind, senile hanar can see that. Here,” she said. The angel reached into her uniform shirt and pulled out a glittering platinum ring on a chain. She took the ring off of the chain, and pressed it into Hackett’s hand. “You two have always been married to each other, Steven, even if the only hint was the two of you listing each other and Stannis as next-of-kin. So do this old romantic celestial a favor: once this war is over and we’ve blasted the Reapers into The Empty, make it official. Ask Hannah to make an honest man out of you.” The hum of the engines changed, and Israfel stood.
“Commander,” Castiel volunteered, “It may be faster, once we get into the system, if I go to the dreadnought and open a docking tube for you. Just a suggestion.”
“Then we’re going to call her before I head back to the
“How are the scans coming along?” The doctor asked. Her assistant shook his head in amazement and pointed at the monitors.
“Sam,” Joker said with mock indignation, “Why didn’t you tell us that you guys know how to trap Reapers?” Sam rolled his eyes. “Seriously,” Joker continued, “If we could trap Harbinger? I guarantee you that this war would be over in a week. Though we’d probably have to put up with a bunch of--Joker lowered his voice and did his best to sound threatening--“THIS HURTS ME”. Just think about it. It would be great--though The Illusive Man would probably try to assume direct control, and just screw everything up.”
Israfel chuckled. “I haven’t taken up arms as an angel in millennia, but you make a fair point; I'll surrender the OmniTool. Fermat will insist on being my second, though.” She heard the sound of a vehicle rolling into the gravel parking lot, and looked over to see a black SUV. “And since you’re already here, I’ll walk back with you,” she said. The archangel nodded toward the SUV, and hung up as Bartholomew, Eleena, and another angel got out.
“Stannis...” The three men and the krogan turned to see Liara standing there. “I could use your help with something.” Dean and Sam looked at each other. Sam mouthed,
Shepard sighed and the blue sheen faded from him. He held his head in his hands for a moment, looking down toward his feet, and shook his head. “Join the Navy, Mom said,” he muttered to himself. “See the galaxy, she said.” He looked up. “I don’t know whether to laugh at your obvious disconnect from reality, or just space the three of you and be done with it.” He sat back and pinched the bridge of his nose. “OK, say that you’re telling the truth. I’ll just go ahead and assume that you are, since I have no way to prove otherwise. You’re still civilians. This is a Warship, and I can’t let you stay here. You tell me that you help people, so you’ll do more good helping the refugees that are going to be heading to the Citadel.”
Cadfael stood at the map table, reading a report from a field agent. “Vas’jak perash!” He frowned at the report scrolling up the screen in front of him.  Annother angel--a strapping red-headed woman who looked like Cadfael’s identical twin minus the beard--standing opposite him looked up from her own report.
“Understood. Sit tight and be ready to retreat through the relay.”
Admiral Raan responded. “Patrol Fleet, take up flanking positions on the Heavy Fleet.”
his brother. Where are the Winchesters?” Kael grabbed Camael by the shirtfront and got up in his face. “We know that you’re the one who leaked the Noveria mission to Cerberus so they could capture the brothers," he growled. "And try to capture Castiel for God only knows what purpose. Where. Are. They?”
“Holy mother of crap!” Sam threw his glass of water at the creature and jumped back from his seat at the table, spitting out rapid-fire latin. ”Exorcziamusteomnisimmundusspiritusomnissatanicapotestas, omnisincursioinfernalisadversariiomnislegioomniscongregatioetsectadiabolica...!”  Dean jumped up and grabbed the chair he was sitting on, trying desperately to wrench it from where it was securely bolted to the deck. Cas spun around and settled into a fighting stance.
Shepard tackled his doppelganger, punched him in the face twice, and they rolled to the edge of the cargo bay. They hung there, suspended, and the clone looked over at Shepard.
>Bodies can be made whole again, EDI. Souls, however...not so much.
working for the Admiral in charge of the allied war effort. We still need to account for surviving fleets, begin the cleanup of the war zones, tally refugees and coordinate relief efforts with the other allies, get to work figuring out how to fix the mass relays, and...well, you get the picture. The Consensus is doing what they can to help on Earth, and as they get word from other parts of the galaxy they’ll pass it along; keep in mind though, there aren’t a lot of them--even before the war started, there weren’t more than about three thousand or so angels. That makes all of this a group effort.” She sighed heavily. “And, of course, there’s the search for whoever can be recovered from the wreckage of the Citadel. Kael and his recon teams are handling that work so that we mortals can focus on stuff groundside.”
“Have a seat,” he said, sitting down and crossing his arms in front of him, his back to the door of the medbay. The Winchesters pulled up chairs, but Castiel remained standing. “Now, somebody I care for a great deal is hanging on by a thread thanks to that
“We’re encountering heavy resistance here too, Ninth Platoon. We’re moving as fast as we can.” Shepard charged a trooper using a heavy riot shield, staggering him long enough to blast him in the face with his shotgun. Around another corner, they saw Cerberus troopers jumping onto a shuttle, which quickly lifted off. “Looks like Cerberus is bugging out! Let’s move, people!”
Nobody steals Shepard's ship--not even Shepard!
“Please Wrex,” Shepard quipped, “I’m a professional.”
“Fighting for everyone,” Sam shot back. “We were on Earth when the Reapers hit--we saw what they were doing, and there’s no way we can take them on alone.”
before going to track down wherever the
Dean grimaced. “Cas, did you warn him about Udina being Crowley Junior?” Castiel’s face turned bright red in response to Dean’s question. “Aw man...okay, then we’ll just have to try to get to the Council before Cerberus does. Grab a weapon and some clips, we’re rolling out.”
underwent refit on the Citadel.”
“Thanks,” Tali replied. She and Kaidan scrambled down the catwalk after Shepard and took up positions on either side of the walkway heading into the interior of the base. Tali looked over the railing and saw the blast shield slowly closing. “Do you have that targeting system that Admiral Xen gave you?”
“I remember, Israfel...I remember everything. What was done to me, what I was made to do...” He looked at Rebecca and Malachi, nodded, and then turned his gaze to Israfel. “I’m in, and my people have given me leave to tell you that they’re unanimous in their support. That said; will you restore the memories of my followers?”
Shepard nodded and turned to the krogan female. “You’ll see Tuchanka again--I promise.” He turned back to his squad. “Head to the elevators,” he said. “We’ll meet Mordin and the female on the top level and provide covering fire while Wrex and Mordin get her onto the shuttle.” They ran back to the elevator.
Doctor Chakwas chuckled. “They do indeed. If it hadn’t been for my experiences at the Collector base, seeing things that I didn’t even think were possible, I honestly don’t know that I’d believe any of it.”
the correspondent replied.
“How?!” Sam looked up at his angelic tenant. “How could my brother work for Cerberus, Azrael?”
“Sounds like turians and humans have a lot more in common than we think,” Vega mused. The group picked up the pace, trotting forward through the remaining Cerberus troops. “They’re fighting a delaying action,” Vega observed. “Trying to keep us from the bomb.”
“None here,” Sam said. Dean and Castiel both shook their heads.
“So they’re a bunch of mooks,” Dean said, “trying to take over the galaxy on behalf of a power-hungry dick.” He looked over to Sam and Castiel. “Sounds like Crowley.”
“Greetings, Querent,” the image said in a lilting voice that reminded him of water flowing through a riverbed. “I am an interactive curator, programmed to respond in all currently-known languages. This case contains the Five Scrolls of Law from the First Ki’ith Assembly, dated 997,814 BCE, Earth Standard Calendar. These scrolls were transcribed by U’r’th’et of House A’s’th’, on paper created from water plants indigenous to the Ki’ith’aar homeworld of Khar’shan.”
As with the Rannoch missions, I'm breaking up the Citadel DLC plotline (irrespective of the visits and hanging-outs) into two stories. Mostly for flow, but also because I don't want the chapters to be ridiculous long. :) As always, comments and con-crit are more than welcome. :)
“And you,” said Shepard as he walked down the hallway to stand next to Castiel. “Why didn’t you say anything when you first got here?”
Sam slowly closed his book and set it on the table next to his chair. “Umm...the...problem?”
Gabriel smiled slightly. “I didn’t die. It’s a long story. I came to see you because I want to help you escape, find a lif--”
“Yes,” P’a’l said. “They all did. But this husk--Harbinger ordered something special done to my brother. The nanides that created the husk persist, and work much faster than normal. Any damage is repaired or routed around, effectively creating an indestructible object. It’s a fate that I believe Harbinger intends for your brother...or for you.” P’a’l sighed deeply. “My brother… Israfel spent forty days and nights in here after she captured K’a’l. She was inconsolable, Gabriel. She still comes to visit him, as you have seen. He manages to assert control, with the help of this containment field, powered by the grace of archangels. But fighting the nanides is taxing. So most of the time he is inert.”
Suddenly, the shuttle lurched hard to port, tossing Shepard and Castiel into a bulkhead. Legion quickly grabbed a handlebar with one hand and gingerly caught Tali around the waist with the other before she crumpled face-first into Shepard’s back as the inertial dampeners quickly engaged. Dean and Sam lurched in their seats, and Kaidan staggered.
“Hey Cas,” Dean hastily interjected, reaching over to pat Castiel on the shoulder while Sam gave Joker a look of incredulity. “Just out of curiosity, why are you wearing your trenchcoat over your fatigues?”
“Who knows, this may wind up helping further our understanding of biotics.” Castiel turned and left the medbay with the Winchesters.
“I’ve got them,” Castiel said. “Go!” The angel grabbed Sam and Dean and vanished with a deep blue flash, and Shepard leapt onto the undocking fighter, diving inside and sealing the entrance hatchway behind him.
Cadfael nodded. “Yeah--we’ll get these three on their way, then Zari’ll zip you back to the
Castiel took the drink and quickly drained it. “Thanks.” He sat down next to the gun’s control panel. “My apologies--I figured the sooner we get this taken care of, the more people we can save.” He closed his eyes and deeply inhaled the faintly salty air tinged with the pungent aromas coming from the native plant life. “Legion and I had a brief conversation, just outside the War Room--that’s probably when he scanned me. He said that the geth decided to take care of this world, after what they call the Morning War. Preserve it, safeguard it in the event that the Quarians would make peace with them.” Castiel sighed. “He reminded me of…”
--and take your life over, just so he could ruin everything you’ve done.”
“Azrael.”
"Same here." Shepard let out a slight sigh. "I'll be in my quarters if you need me, Doctor."
“Izzy…” Meshach whispered to his sister. “You don’t have to wa--”
is imprisoned. His fate was the fate of our people--if you want answers,” he said evenly, “then you must control your anger and let Israfel explain.”
, and marked it for future reference. She watched the medic reach over and touch the tips of her right index and middle fingers to Kaidan’s forehead for a second, then lean down to whisper something in his ear--right before she looked up to wink at EDI’s camera and put a finger to her lips to indicate silence. The medic vanished, and EDI watched as her energy signature left the
“Dammit!” All eyes turned to Garrus. “Dean’s here--this terminal shows live security footage. He just came out of nowhere and jumped Sam and Miranda.” Garrus tapped a couple of keys to reverse the camera, and hit replay. The footage showed Sam and Miranda making a sweep of a laboratory, when Dean and a Cerberus assassin dropped from the ceiling behind them.
“Sam?”
Shepard would like you to give her a call to let her know that you made it off-planet in relative safety.” The elevator stopped at its destination, but the doors didn’t open. “Would you like me to take you back down to the CIC so you can contact her?”
Garrus chuckled. “No harm done,” he said. “I’ve got an aircar rented for the day, so I can take you around to the wards and my favourite practice range.” Dean let out a frightened squeak, and the colour drained from his face a bit. Garrus did what looked like the turian equivalent of raising an eyebrow. “You okay?” Dean shook his head and took several deep breaths.
If anyone wants to take on the task of being my beta, please shoot me a PM or hit me up on tumblr. My requirements are pretty simple: Ask lots of questions, be thorough, challenge me, and be willing to call me on my bullshit if you think I'm going off the rails.
Castiel looked over at Eve for a moment, studying her. His eyes glowed blue-black, and a brilliant biotic aura blossomed over him. He reached up and gently took Eve’s hand from his shoulder. He smiled, patted her hand and gave it a slight squeeze, then vanished with the sound of rustling wings.
“Oh hell no!” Dean unhooked his shotgun and extended it in one smooth motion, then blasted a Cat 6 trooper in the face. The room erupted in a hail of gunfire as the Normandy’s crew scrambled for cover and the clone calmly strode out the exit, locking it behind him and leaving his mercs to fend for themselves. Sam activated his Omni-Tool’s battle-gauntlet function and smashed a heavy trooper in the side of the head with a flaming orange fist before following up with a blast from his own shotgun.
Castiel nodded. “An angel.”
“How’s Castiel doing, by the way?” Garrus’ voice carried a note of concern. “I heard what happened to him.”
Thane smiled a bit. “Commander,” he said, “I’m afraid I won’t be joining you.” He coughed a couple of times.
“The Winchesters saw to that,” Bartholomew snarked. Malachi opened his mouth to retort, and Israfel put up a hand.
“Wrex!” Shepard turned and took a step toward the krogan, but was too late to keep him from jumping out of the shuttle to the landing platform. “Dammit,” the Commander muttered. “Get ready to roll,” he said to the remaining shuttle occupants. “Cortez, set us down. I’ll see if I can straighten this out.” Shepard patted Cortez on the shoulder and led the ground team out.
A turian wearing white facepaint jumped down and approached the group. “Commander, thank you.”
“Hmm?”
“It’s not a no!” As soon as he said it, Shepard charged one of the mercs and piledrove him into a wall festooned with promo posters for the latest Cision Motors models, then dove into cover as Kaidan headcapped a sniper that was drawing a bead on him.
“Azrael is an assassin and a master of subterfuge. Her name struck fear into the heart of every angel--I want to trust her, but we should still be careful.”
“What? What’s going on?”
“What?! No!” Castiel looked up in shock. “No, absolutely not. I smote the Cerberus soldiers in the gunship. The drive core though...”
“Heh, like he needs it,” Vega laughed. “Hey man, you gonna eat all that?” He pointed at the plate of noodles with his fork.
Forseti and Tyr both stood. “That’s all we ask,” Forseti replied. “You sure you don’t want to stay for samosas and lamb korma?” Azrael smiled and nodded, and the Frisian god of Justice shrugged. “Ah well--more for us I suppose.”
“Roger that,” Joker replied. “ Cas and the Winchesters just popped into the middle of the shuttle bay. Wiggle the wings or something, so I know which one you are.”
When they heard the elevator coming down, the three of them quickly stashed the guns, vaulted over a railing and ducked behind a group of crates in one corner. A couple of armoured Marines came out of the elevator and grabbed weapons from the armory, led by a dark-haired olive-skinned man with a pretty face and brown eyes wearing blue fatigues. He was joined by a muscle-bound brown-skinned guy in a tight grey t-shirt and fatigue pants. They each grabbed a rifle from the armory, uncollapsed it, and popped in what looked like a clip of some kind before running for the back. A large loading door opened up, and the Marines started to lay down fire. They saw another man in fatigues leap aboard, assisted by the dark-haired man in blue. The new guy talked to somebody outside the ship briefly before walking back into the cargo bay as the door closed.
“Mmm.” He swallowed and wiped his mouth with a napkin before continuing. “Thanks. Kaidan’s awake and talking now--and Councilor Udina offered him a Spectre position. I hope he takes it.” Shepard sounded hopeful. “He’ll be a damn good one.” He got up from the table. “But that’s not why I came to find you four. We need to get back to the ship so we can go host a summit.”
After a pregnant pause, Dean heard a sigh of resignation. “Ancestors forgive me--uploading coordinates.” Dean and Castiel’s Omni-Tools pinged, and Dean clapped Castiel on the shoulder.
“So, Cas.” Sam pulled up a chair next to Dean. “What the hell happened? We saw that Cerberus ship--what was left of it anyway.”
Comfortable. He couldn’t get the word out of his head. The room and bathroom with their tasteful decor, the bed, the clothes. Everything here was designed for comfort. His comfort, from the looks of it. He stalked to the bedroom door and opened it, half-expecting to see Alliance colours and armed guards staring him down from behind a force field. Instead, he walked out into a fully-furnished apartment.
“Okay guys,” Vega said. “These three lockers are yours. They’re unlocked until you go see Adams for your Omni-Tools. So go ahead and get changed, and you can stow your suits here. Hey Loco,” Vega remarked to Shepard.  “These three learn damn quick. Can’t wait to see how they do in the field!”
Cadfael nodded. “Yeah. Thanks Gabriel.” The angel looked over from his screen and smiled slightly. “It's a good name that you took.” He sat back in his chair and clasped his hands across his chest like a bear after a good meal. “If he were here, I think that your namesake uncle would take a liking to you.” He sat forward and continued, "I'm also very appreciative of your help. You're a natural for this stuff."
After four hours of fitting, refitting, and learning how to attach and detach weapons, Shepard came back down. “How are they doing?” he asked Cortez.
“It’s a device that will stop any cranial bleeding.” Blue Lady looked up at Sam. “And I’ve given him a mild painkiller.” She sighed and scratched her forehead. “He should be stable, but he still needs a hospital.” Blue Lady looked over to the mannequin, then back at the newcomers. “I need to move this into the AI Core,” she said. She picked up the mannequin and carrying it toward the back of the medbay. “I’ll need you to move well away from the door, please.”
“We can,” Dean shot back defiantly.
“Harvester! Incoming harvester!” A giant winged creature that had pretty clearly been altered by the Reapers landed and started firing down on the turians. Shepard and Vega unhooked their assault rifles and started firing on it. Dean and Garrus did the same, with Sam popping off shots from his heavy pistol and hitting the harvester with repeated overload jolts until the creature finally flew off.
Shepard looked back over at the woman in the circle. "What?"
At noon, the trio left the hotel and walked down the street to check out the “military installation” that Castiel spoke of. They stood outside the gate at a giant dock, where one ship was berthed under heavy guard. The warship arced forward from swept-back wings, with protrusions on the nose that jutted forth like stabbing mandibles. The word NORMANDY was emblazoned on the side, and the ship’s hull was painted in a blue-and-white paint scheme with a logo on each wing that looked like a stylized A over the planet Earth. Sam and Dean looked at each other and nodded appreciatively. Castiel took a look around, then started to walk forward.
“However...what?”
I never cared overmuch for the way Bioware handled dextro food, and I'm a bit of a science honk, so I decided to come up with something a touch more scientifically plausible. Sugar is d-amino, so I extrapolated that a levo eating dextro food will probably suffer a fatal (or near-fatal) diabetic reaction since the body would read it as a particularly egregious excess of sugar, and vice versa. Far more plausible than anaphylaxis.
Dean grimaced. “That’s a pretty crappy thing to do,” he spat.
Dean reached up and patted Shepard’s hand, half-smiling, and nodded. “Thanks.” He took a deep breath and sighed, then took a swig of beer. “Hmm--pretty good.” He took another swig, and slowly set the bottle down. “So...that trick you did on Sur’kesh, where you knocked all those guys over? What the hell was that?”
“Dean,” Cas said, “I should find something to eat.”
Joker gave Castiel an incredulous look. He removed his hat, scratched the top of his head for a moment, then put his hat back on. “You really just said that?” He looked at the angel. “Wow, you really just said that.” Behind Cas, Dean buried his face in his hands. Sam got a pained look and opened his mouth as if to say something before quickly closing it.
EDI: The descriptions of the main characters and the events in the stories are almost an exact match to their anecdotes and hunters’ diary. The probability of this being somebody else is so remote as to be effectively non-existent. In other words, “it is so them”. I should also point out that there are several dozen extranet sites already devoted to the exploits of what I believe is referred to in “The Song Remains the Same” as “Team Free Will”.
“Almost done over here,” Sam called over his shoulder. “Our Omni-Tools might need to be replaced after this, though.” He paused and massaged a cramp that was starting to take over his right arm. “How you guys doing over there?”
Cadfael smiled and started typing.
SHEPARD: Stand down, Dean. Don’t worry about the books--As far as the galaxy is concerned, they’re entertainment, and it’s a morale boost for the crew. You’ll get some more ribbing, but eventually it’ll all die down and it’ll be business as usual again.
KAIDAN, now wearing briefs, stretches out on the bed next to SHEPARD and lays his head on SHEPARD’s shoulder to read.
“You can do that?” Shepard asked. He tilted his head to one side slightly. “How will you manage to avoid detection?”
“He’s a nervous flier,” Sam explained. “It got a little hairy in Vancouver, when we took a cab from the park where we “landed” to our hotel.” Dean nodded quickly. He put up a hand and continued to take very slow breaths while Sam and Castiel both rubbed his back.
Shepard keyed the QEC. His scar blazed crimson down his right jawline. He clenched his hands into fists as he took a deep breath and held it. Exhaling, he felt the heat of his scar fade as the image of Admiral Hackett appeared.
“Jack.” Sam, Dean, and Thane looked back to Castiel. “I was there, when she told Shepard he should never have trusted Cerberus,” the angel explained. “I got the impression that she had some experience with them.” He paused for a long moment. “She did, didn’t she?”
The asari archaeologist turned and leapt back in surprise when she saw Castiel standing before her, eyes blazing blue-black flame and static rippling over spread wings. “Castiel, what…”
“Negative Commander, protocol states that--” the technician’s refusal was cut short by an electric shock that made him shudder violently for a few seconds.
NINJA THE CAT: (trills inquisitively and looks up)
out.”
The tattooed woman blinked. “Shepard?!” Before either of them could do anything, there was a sound of flapping wings and the distinct smell of ozone reached their nostrils as Castiel appeared in the middle of the room, eyes blazing with blue-black flames, and a biotic aura spreading out like wings from his body. He charged forward and quickly grabbed one trooper after another with inhuman speed, clapping each on the top of their helmets and letting the bodies drop with tendrils of smoke seeping out from under the faceplates of their helmets. The last centurion tried to run, but Castiel grabbed him by the handle across the top of his backpack and pulled him back to tear his helmet off. He smote the centurion and dropped the smoking corpse on the floor, then looked over at Shepard and nodded.
Sam and Dean head to Tuchanka. Castiel takes his new wings for a test drive. And some crazy crazy shit goes down.
“That’s not gonna work on these things. They’re Leviathans, you gotta decapitate ‘em to slow them down.” Lawson stepped forward.
“You going to eat that pie, Dean, or make love to it?” Sam sat up in bed, giving his brother a slightly amused look.
“Oh, right. Sorry.” Castiel got a slightly sheepish look on his face and went to get dressed.
“Yes, Mr. Lawson.”
“A very good catch, nephew.” Meshach smiled at the child, “You really do need to take a name by the way,” he quipped. The angelic mercenary rubbed his forehead for a moment. “And we need to know what Castiel is up to. Do you have a team that can scout that location?” Cadfael nodded, and Meshach shrugged his left shoulder a few times to scratch an itch under his armour. “I’ll let you get to it then.” He sighed, “And I’ll have to let Izzy know what happened.”
“So am I right in presuming that this is also a War Council?” Rebecca asked. When Israfel nodded, she hrmmed. “Bartholomew, you have access to Buddy Boyle’s network, correct?”
“So,” Sam said, “You want to tell me what you found out?” He took his jacket off and threw it on the other bed before sitting at the table by the window.
“That’s an understatement. I was worried that I’d have to call Liara to come down and put him in a stasis field--fortunately, the Primarch’s apology and the fact that his own son died to keep that bomb from going off made it easier.” Shepard sighed again and opened his eyes, looking over at Sam. “EDI told me Cas vanished from the medbay. Eve or Mordin have any answers?”
“We’ll do our best to make sure that won’t happen,” Castiel blurted out. Tali looked at him and blinked, then looked at Shepard.
“We do our best to keep up with the Salarians,” she replied. “But this is something that not even they can crack.” Tali hacked the lock, and the door opened to reveal several Geth near a console. Three Hunter platforms cloaked, and two began firing rocket launchers at the group. Tali immediately popped up a bright orange combat drone. “Go get ‘em, Chitikka!” The drone began to dart around the room, firing electric shocks at random geth, distracting them enough to allow the squad to bring them down in a hail of gunfire and biotics. “Now that we’ve cleared the room, I should be able to get at the console.”
“Fascinating--the eezo in your body...” she said quietly. “Rather than merely acting as a sheath over your nerves, it’s now directly bonded to the entirety of your central nervous system, which I have never seen in any biotic.” She looked at Shepard and added, “Not even Jack.” She looked back at Castiel. “How do you feel?” The doctor continued her scans while she spoke.
“Don’t you dare talk that way about our best hopes for finally beating the Reapers,” Kael hissed. "
“Thank you, I’ll go check those out.” Sam smiled. “Thanks again...” he read the clerk’s name from her nametag, “...Luisa.”
saw. “At least...before you
Liara’s jaw dropped a bit when she read the sentence. She stared at the screen dumbly for a couple of moments. Her fists clenched tightly and her expression darkened. The asari took a deep breath and let it out slowly as her fingers flew angrily over the keyboard.
“Cas is asleep,” Dean rasped. “Apparently he decided to get too close to the ship’s drive core and got zapped a bit.” He cleared his throat and shook his head. “According to the doc, he was damn lucky that he didn’t flat die--but he’ll be out of commission for a while.” Movement to his right made Dean look over just in time to see Shepard set a piece of berry pie in front of him, along with a fork and a bottle of beer.
“There was,” Liara explained. “A biotic one. About the same time that the power dipped across the ship, something rather explosively triggered my biotics--and it wasn’t me.” She sighed and looked at the wall where her monitors had been mounted. Several were smashed beyond repair, most of the rest were either scattered on the floor or hanging by wires from the wall. The only monitor that survived intact was the large central monitor. The asari picked one of the smashed monitors up and sighed again. Dean and Sam looked at each other for a moment before quietly starting to clean up the mess.
The Big Push to Earth. Gabriel visits somebody from his past and Israfel makes a special request.
“I won’t,
Chakwas had gotten Sam up and into the medbay to tend to him. He had two black eyes and was bleeding from the nose, and his face was starting to swell. Castiel followed them into the medbay and observed the doctor carefully applying Medi-Gel to Sam’s face before lowering some sort of device over him. A series of tiny needles came out on mechanical arms and started to lightly prick Sam’s face, focusing on his nose and left eye socket. Sam clenched his fists at first and tried hard not to squirm, but quickly relaxed when the upper left quadrant of his face started to numb up. “You’ve broken your nose and left orbital bone, Sam. I’ve given you subcutaneous injections of Medi-Gel to help your bones heal and keep the inflammation down.” She raised the device and helped him up, leading him to another bed. “Rest here, and I’ll check on you in a few minutes.” She turned to look at Castiel and asked, “Is there something I can help you with, Castiel?”
The form encased in the force field stirred and moved, bluish-white lines of circuitry lighting up on its grey skin. The husk's eyes focused on the angel, pale blue-white and outlined in black like it had been smote, and it put a hand against the glass. “Isssrafffel…” Its voice was slow and thick, forced and sluggish with the sibilant and fricative consonants drawn out. Israfel smiled slightly at its acknowledgement.
Dean stared at the panel for a moment before randomly pressing a button. The panel lit up, then quickly went out. The mess emptied in short order as the lights dimmed and a quartet of floating balls of light popped out and started buzzing around the deck, randomly zapping people with small electric shocks. Dean yelped and ducked into the kitchen to grab a frying pan from the stove and swing it at the balls, which darted around him as the vegetables, noodles, and sauce that had been in the pan flew everywhere. He hit one ball, causing it to flash and dart back to zap the pan. Cas stood there for a moment with a somewhat confused look on his face.
“We’re in the base now,” Shepard responded, the sound of gunfire in the background. “The geth closed a blast shield over the base, and Legion’s trying to get it open.”
“It’s cool, Izzy. It’s not the first time we’ve had to adjust our schedules for an emergency.” Adi smiled back at the angel inhabiting her body. “I’m ready to go whenever you are, old friend--let’s go see if we can’t rescue a lost child.”
Castiel moved his attention back to Dean’s shaft. “Good,” he whispered as he took Dean into his mouth again. “Mmm.” He sucked that much harder, and tasted a few drops of salt on his tongue. “Mmm…” He pulled back until Dean was halfway out of his mouth, and felt his shaft throb.
“Not as hot as some places--Wrex told me about the vorcha homeworld.” Sam looked at Dean and raised an eyebrow. “Vorcha,” Dean explained. “Those demon-looking dudes we saw on the Citadel? The ones that Garrus thought weren’t even allowed there?”
“Dammit! Legion, where are the escape pods?”
Sam and Dean looked at each other in shock.
ship! C’mere, you little shit.”
“That’s why we need that network center,” Tali explained with some mild frustration. “We tried everything to try to hack that signal--flooding it with junk data, brute-force, every decryption algorithm we could think of...but it’s locked down too tightly.”
Shepard rubbed his jaw. “You’re not telling me anything I haven’t told myself, Jack.”
“Yes, I helped Shepard defeat the Collectors, along with a handful of others. I reminded him of the value of embracing the unorthodox.”
, she angrily shot back.
Shepard looked at Cas with an expression of incredulity. “You’re serious?” the angel's expression didn’t change. Shepard shook his head and looked up toward the ceiling. “You’re serious,” he sighed. “Okay, I’ll bite." He looked back to Castiel "What possessed you to think that salt would work on husks and cannibals?”
Shepard watched the clone fall, and averted his gaze right before he would have impacted the side of a building. He slowly stood and turned to go back into the cargo bay. Garrus started to say something, but Shepard looked at him and sadly shook his head. Sam and Garrus both gave Shepard a gentle pat on the shoulders and nodded.
“Well I’m pretty sure I wouldn’t be a big green dick to everybody and call them “primitives”. Has he met Cas yet?” Sam shook his head, and Dean snorted. “Boy,” he said, “I’d love to be a fly on the wall for that conversation.” He looked back down at the stones on his bed. The golfball-sized stone he picked up on Sur’Kesh had greenish veins running through it that reminded him of the planet’s lush jungles. Another rock was slightly jagged on one side and semi-polished on the other, and easily the largest one of the bunch at just over a quarter of the size of Dean’s palm. “Hey, I wonder if this rock from Tuchanka is radioactive?” He popped up his Omni-Tool and started scanning it.
DANIELS: (eyebrows raise) So it’s all true?
“The door!” Sparatus, the turian Councilor, pointed back to the door, which was being cut opened by somebody on the other side. Shepard and Kaidan immediately raised their guns and pointed them at the door, and Sam and Dean sprang up and ran to take up positions next to them, shotguns at the ready. Castiel stood and summoned up a personal barrier, and took a few steps toward the door, which opened to reveal a group of armed C-Sec officers led by a strapping square-jawed senior officer with a greying blonde crew cut.
TITLE: SUPERNATURAL splashes across the screen as an orange hologram against a background of stars. Occasionally a star blinks into an Enochian character. A crimson blast from an MHD cannon blows everything to bits, accompanied by the teeth-rattling sound of a Reaper horn. Cut to black.
“Dean,” Sam called out, “The gun’s over there--cover me, I’ll go take it down while you and Cas keep the geth busy.” Dean reached down and clapped Sam on the shoulder twice, and Sam scooted over to the AA cannon’s control panel. He activated a bypass program on his Omni-Tool and let it run just in time for a stray shot to whiz by his right ear, making him hunker down in front of the panel. “Keep ‘em off me please!”
At the apex of the trail, the three of them saw a glint of light on metal and ducked behind some rocks. Two troopers stood watch over a burning escape pod and the bodies of its former occupants. A pyro-trooper and a rocket trooper marched toward their position. Castiel vanished, then popped into view again when the pyro and rocketeer were right next to him. He set off a biotic shockwave that sent them flying toward the Winchesters. Sam popped up and let fly with a heavy overload that caused the pyro’s tanks to explode, raining fire on the trail in front of them and detonating another mine. Dean switched to his shotgun and immediately unloaded a full clip into the incoming face of the rocket trooper. The remaining geth lay broken and sparking against the rocks. The brothers made their way down the narrow defile to Castiel’s position, where Dean immediately checked one of the Quarians. “No signs of a firefight on these people--looks like they all died in the crash.”
“I’ll see you soon.”
“I’m from Kansas,” Dean said. “It’s a place on Earth. Wide plains, farmland...but my brother and I, we kinda go all over the place.” He sighed and patted Castiel’s hand. “Cas here, he does too, in his own way. He wants to help people, like Sammy and I do.”  Before he realized it, Dean started telling Eve about his parents, about Sam and Cas and the job. He showed her his anti-possession tattoo and talked about the Apocalypse and the angels, about Bobby, Ellen and Jo, Ash, Gabriel finally standing up to his own family when he realized that things didn’t have to be set in stone, and his wager with Death to get Sam’s soul out of the Cage. The krogan listened raptly as Dean talked about the Leviathans, his year in Purgatory, and the Batcave that they inherited from their paternal grandfather.
He nodded. “Me. I’ve got my own name now--Gabriel. We don’t have a lot of time,” he said. His voice was serene, no more anger or jealousy like before. “I’d hoped we’d have the luxury of being able to talk, but...well.” Gabriel took a knee before Rasa, and removed the gauntlet from his right hand. He reached out to her, but she shrank back.
“Thanks, you too,” Dean replied. A furious bellow made Dean look up to see Shepard stand up, spread his arms wide, and then clap them together before bull-rushing forward in a crackling blue streak to barrel over a group of troopers. Three of them went flying over the edge of the building, and the rest flew into the wall before crumbling in a heap on the floor. Shepard blasted one of them with a shotgun, then headed for a nearby door.
“I saw you die,” Rasa whispered, her eyes widening slightly. “You…”
Sam looked at the sandwich when Shepard brought it over to the table with a bottle of fruit juice, and raised his eyebrows in surprise. “You’re not going to eat that whole thing, are you?” Shepard sat down and took a bite, nodding and washing it down with the drink.
“Dammit,” he hissed. The hunter dove for cover, and tapped out a short message on his comms.
SAM: ...they’re all true. I mean, there are some things that Chuck--the guy that wrote them--left out, like when (SAM gets a guilty look) I was drinking demon blood (Liara’s eyes widen briefly). I know, hard to imagine me being a monster...but yeah. Everything in there--and more--really happened. It’s not just stories that we made up. (SAM runs his hands through his hair for a minute or two, then sighs)
“Good thing we have some extra firepower,” Dean commented. He collapsed his sniper rifle and hooked it over his left shoulder, then unhooked the shotgun at his waist. Legion raised one of his headflaps, and Dean nodded toward Cas, who had darted in to go toe-to-toe with a hulking Prime. “I’ll answer your inquiries later.”
“No problem.” Ruth looked at Gabriel. “How you feeling, babe? That was a pretty rude shock, and your reaction is pretty understandable.” Gabriel gave her a slightly consternated expression. “If it’s any consolation,” she said, “you took it a lot better than your brother did. He wouldn’t talk to any of us for months after he met K’a’l.” She leaned over and kissed her nephew on the head. “I promise, we certainly don’t hold anything against you.”
SAM, DEAN, and CASTIEL sit around a table in the NORMANDY MESS, eating breakfast. CASTIEL’s tray has a ridiculous pile of food on it, and two large glasses of orange juice sitting alongside. A small group of crewmen are clustered around a datapad at a nearby table, giggling, whispering, and stealing occasional glances at the three hunters. DEAN looks over at them, then back to SAM and CASTIEL.
“How’s your friend doing?” Dean asked.
“I’ll be fine, Adileh.” He walked down the steps to the sleeping area of his cabin. “Thank you. Have a good night.”
DEAN: (disgusted) Yep. We were on our own, high and fucking dry.
DEAN: He sent you fanfiction too?
“It was the least we could do,” Dean said. “We didn’t know your dad that well, but we owe him big time for convincing Shepard to give us a chance. If there’s anything you need, let us know and we’ll do our best to help out.”
“Uncle Urdnot’s back in town--and he’s brought the boom!” Wrex charged a pair of mercs on the top level and sent them flying over the edge to the floor below, where Kaidan dispatched them with a fusillade from his assault rifle.
DANIELS: I had a few minutes before I go on-shift, but I wanted to apologize for this morning, in the Mess.
Sam sighed. “Okay. Uh, thank you,” he said. He and Dean walked out of the medbay and went toward the elevator. The doors opened to reveal Shepard. “Hey.”
“Hang tight Brooks,” Shepard responded. “We’re almost to your position.”
“Dammit,” Dean muttered. He got up from behind the crates he’d been using for cover, and walked over to the console. “How the fuck do I open these damn things?”
DANIELS: You can call me Gabby, you know. I know I didn’t say anything about...well, you know--but I should have--
“Getting some sleep,” Sam said quietly. “I guess all the excitement on Gellix wore him out more than he thought.” Castiel nodded in response and went to look out the windows overlooking the shuttle bay. Vega was in his cubbyhole working on a rifle and Cortez was standing by one of the consoles. Vega looked up from the rifle he was modding and looked over his shoulder for a moment, then walked over to Cortez and put a hand on his shoulder. The big Marine looked at him and softly smiled, then caressed Cortez’s cheek before opening his arms wide to hold the pilot in a tender embrace.
Castiel vaulted a gap between two terraces to smite another trooper. “Not really, Dean.” He teleported back toward the Winchesters, his expression pale. “I’ve had nothing but IVs and the occasional jello cup for the last two days. That won’t be enough to maintain my energy level.”
“Thank you, Jimmy. I know that I haven’t exactly been considerate or kind to you...but thank you,” Castiel said quietly, “for saying yes.”
“Look at you! What makes you so special?  Why you, and not me?!” The clone looked on with rage as Kaidan and James made a human chain to grab Shepard. He looked up toward “Brooks”, who looked down at the deck and then walked away. The clone’s face fell when he watched her retreat.
The portal stopped just above the unconscious trio for a second, then vanished in an implosion of light and static as the floor opened up. Adi staggered and teetered on the edge of the sudden chasm, and Kael grabbed her in a biotic stasis field. Fourteen seconds after it opened, the portal slammed shut and static crackled over the sigils on the floor for a moment before dissipating in little puffs of ozone. Kael removed the stasis, and Adi fell to her knees, panting.
“It uses our networking architecture to broadcast the Old Machine command signal to all geth, simultaneously.”
“I knew they couldn’t be trusted!” Wrex stomped to the door. “Let’s see them try to stop a Krogan Airdrop,” he grumbled, hitting the emergency hatch release. The doors on the shuttle popped open to show the Salarian base, with snipers positioned on rooftop perches and marines on the ground with their weapons trained on the shuttle.
(DANIELS sits down on the cot opposite CASTIEL)
Joker watched them retreat and sighed quietly. Then he looked up at his visitors. “So...you hunt monsters, huh? I bet you three had a ball when the Reapers landed.” He looked at Castiel. “And you’re an honest-to-god angel?”
“Conventional tactics won’t work against the Reapers,” the angel explained. “I figured that it was time to try something unconventional.” He opened his comms. “Shepard, this is Castiel--what’s your status?”
“Biotics?” Gabriel raised an eyebrow. “So those tattoos he has were eezo?” Chuck shrugged.
A keening wail in the distance pierced through the ghostly whispers. Cool winds swept away ash. The wail stopped, and a blinding light sprang forth to cast Shepard’s shadow before him. He saw countless bodies scattered across the landscape. Some were raised on dragon’s teeth. Others lay on the ground; some missing body parts. Shepard knelt before the nearest body and turned it over. It was human, a man wearing a Cerberus uniform. His eye sockets were empty, the burn-patterns of a smiting on his face. Shepard sighed, and a voice whispered to him.
“Good.” Azrael sighed and yawned a bit, then leaned back. “I split myself in half when I brought you here. The other half is in my original vessel, acting as an anchor.” She patted her round stomach. “This is what she looks like. Very nice girl named Nadira.”
GLYPH: (helpfully) It is a text-only message. I was asked to show it to you when the Winchesters were not around.
“Izzy,” another angel whispered. “You had nothing to do with any of this. The hubris that led to this wasn't yours. You did what was necessary--and it was the right thing to do, we all agreed on that. You know this. Let them settle it.”
Garrus shrugged. “I got nothing, Lieutenant.”
A tense silence settled over Shalmar Plaza for several seconds that seemed felt like an eternity.
“One,” Mordin said. “Immune to genophage.” One female krogan stood in a containment cell, partially encased in a metallic cocoon with medical sensors on it. She was covered from head to toe in ornately brocaded cloth, a veil covering everything except her eyes. “Please be careful, krogan slow to trust.”
In the airlock, Shepard and Kaidan performed a final check of Castiel’s helmet and hardsuit before checking Sam and Dean one last time. “Looks good here Stannis,” Kaidan said. “You going to be okay, Castiel?” Castiel nodded, and Kaidan gave him a pat on the back. “Good.” Kaidan gave Shepard a kiss on the helmet and stepped out of the airlock, sealing the door behind him.
Team Free Will goes after the geth jamming towers on Rannoch. Castiel's true nature is revealed (more or less) by a very unlikely person. Kaidan hefts his helmet again, and Cas thinks he's Chow Yun-Fat.
” Azrael said as he looked back over his shoulder to Shepard, “’s...good to finally see you.” The angel’s voice was thick with fatigue, and he sleepily nodded to Kaidan. “We need to talk, Castiel--but I really, really need sleep first. Probably something to eat.”
“Absolutely not,” Shepard said firmly. “Legion helped me stop the Collectors.”
“Oh crap. Uhh, sorry sir,” Sam said when he saw the Volus. “We’re just here to get our friend.” He picked up Castiel and carried him toward the door.
why this is called the Mark of Death?”
“Azrael.” Castiel spat the name through gritted teeth before holstering his SMGs and drawing his blade. He rushed Sam, and the two of them tumbled through the holopanel display. Castiel’s eyes blazed blue-black with rage as he pinned Sam to the floor. “I should kill you, right now!” Castiel held his blade to the hunter’s throat. “What did you do to Sam? What lies did you tell him, to get him to say yes?” He pressed the edge of the blade to his friend’s throat. “Answer me!” Castiel bellowed.
was painful.” The group chuckled for a moment. “Okay--since Izzy is all set, let’s get these guys home.” The fourteen participants in the ritual raised their hands, and the room fell silent except for the crackle and hum from the portal.
“She didn’t get to talk to you before you went through the Omega-4 Relay, son.” Hackett looked back at his son. “I don’t want something like that to happen here.”
Sam ducked when another zombie leapt at him, then quickly spun around to grab it by one leg and swing it against a lamppost. The impact broke the zombie in half. Sam looked at the half a body in his hands, then immediately swung it around again to shatter the remaining half of the zombie against a shambler that was trying to attack Dean. The shambler’s skin was brownish and burnt-looking, like an overdone roast. Like the zombies, it also had blue glowing eyes--four of them--and a glowing blue roundel on its distended belly. Sam looked at its right arm, and saw a pair of eyes and a tormented human face staring back at him from the thing’s shoulder. “Holy Mother of Crap!”
“What?” Dean looked over at Sam, who looked back at his brother before indicating Vega’s cubbyhole and Cortez’s procurement console, and then nodding toward the shuttle. Dean watched the shuttle for a few seconds, then raised his eyebrows when he saw it shake slightly. He and Sam looked at each other, then to Castiel.
Dean rubbed his temples. “So what do you think? Cas have his mojo back?” He sighed deeply and leaned back against the rear bulkhead of the shuttle, briefly fidgeting with the belt on his uniform before closing his eyes and listening for Sam to reply to him. The plating on the shoulders of his tactical armour and the stock of his collapsed sniper rifle dug uncomfortably into his back.
Liara gasped. “Goddess...how is that possible?”
“Wow,” Sam commented. “I did some reading up on your people before you came on board, Tali--aren’t the Quarians some of the best hackers in the galaxy?”
“I would be honoured,” Shepard replied. Kolyat opened the book and began to read.
“Roger that--you guys be careful, okay?”
CASTIEL: I don’t know. Like I told Shepard after we first came on board; we were in our world, fighting some demons that had ambushed us at the old Singer residence--then there was a bright light, and… (CASTIEL’s voice trails off. His eyes widen, and after a few seconds he smacks his forehead) You have got to be kidding me.
“It’s about your brother, isn’t it?” Gabriel nodded slowly. “Son,” Israfel said, “You have a chance at your own life--your own destiny, that you can write for yourself outside of this war. Stannis has his destiny already.”
Garrus tapped Shepard on the shoulder, then  pointed to a terminal in the corner. A picture of Miranda flickered on the screen. “While you do that,” Garrus purred, “I’ll try getting this terminal running so we can see what’s up with Miranda.”
Castiel heard flashes of conversation, in the dark.
“Yeah,” Dean snorted, “if you mean the Chinese curse kind of “interesting”.” He yawned and looked out the window onto the arms of the Citadel and the passing vehicles in the traffic lanes. The artificial sunlight provided no warmth, which Dean found disconcerting. “I don’t know about the rest of you, but I am wiped out. And if I'm going to sleep, I'd rather do it in a place where I know the light's from a lightbulb rather than a fake sun.”
“Uhh, Stannis, we have pockets.” Kaidan patted Shepard’s ass and winked. The two of them laughed and shared another kiss as they put their wallets in their back pockets and the cellphones in a front pocket of their jeans. A pair of jackets were thrown over the arms of the desk chair. “At least we’ve got something, rather than just being left to our own devices like the Winche--” The words died in Kaidan’s throat when he walked over to the door and looked out the open viewport. “Holy shit!” He opened the door wide and ran out into the main part of the basement. “Stannis, get out here!” Shepard ran out of the panic room and pulled up when he saw flames.
Sam looked down at the Salarian and grimaced. “This poor bastard’s had half his face blown off.” Another customer, a human, had been almost cut in half by gunfire behind a rack. Sam sighed and shook his head. “You think Cerberus is just going after a bodycount?”
The doors opened, and a salarian in white turned from a conversation he was having to face the group. His skin was scarred and rough with age, and one of his cranial horns was broken off. He saw Shepard and smiled.
“The drive core on that Cerberus cruiser,” Shepard said. “EDI said that there was no trace of eezo when she scanned the wreckage.”
Sam sat at a table in the mess and dug into an enormous dinner-plate-sized bowl of cereal and milk. A chubby young woman sat down across from him and regarded him with deep-set hazel eyes. She was wearing a grey wide-leg pantsuit, and her long dark hair ran down her back in waves, barely restrained by a large barrette. On her forehead was a birthmark that looked like some sort of Enochian sigil.
“Here’s their elevator!” James called out. “Jump!” The three of them jumped on the elevator carrying the remaining members of the Council, and almost immediately had to dodge bullets that pierced the elevator’s roof from inside. The elevator came to a stop, and Shepard levered off one of the roof panels with James’ assistance.
Liara raised an eyebrow.
“Shepard, it’s Wrex! Cerberus is attacking the base--get the females out of there now!”
Dean's Omni-Tool began blinking before he could do anything. He tapped the tool, and a screen popped up showing Castiel, who had swapped his hospital gown for his fatigues and trenchcoat. “Dean, what’s your location?”
“Is that why you decided to join Cerberus?” The gravelly voice of Admiral Hackett cut through the air like a buzzsaw as he came down the steps. "Because you see God's creations as animals unless they have a form you approve of?"
“I suspect that they’re trying to stay one step ahead of a very pissed-off brother of mine.” Azrael got up. “Stay here--please. It really is the safest place for you. Let me do the heavy lifting with Cerberus, and I promise I’ll keep you up to date on what’s going on.” Azrael held out her arm, and an Omni-Tool appeared. She tapped a couple of commands, and a new force field sprang up around the mess, which shifted to become the Normandy’s starboard observation lounge. The walls shimmered to indicate that the angel’s shield was still in place, but other than that the room looked like it did on the ship. “I’ve got the implants shielded as best I can. I just hope it’s enough.” She vanished, leaving Sam alone.
“That didn’t sound good.” Kaidan looked over at Shepard for a moment and bit his lip.
EDI’s cameras panned the room, trying to identify the source of the command. When visual scans showed nothing, she switched to a frequency scan. The outline of a being with a muscled body and enormous wings on its back came into view at her command console. The being looked up at the camera for a moment, and EDI saw flames in its eyes and lightning crackling over its face and around a shining mark on its forehead. The being looked back to the panel, and EDI watched it enter more commands.
“Cas!” Dean hissed, making towel-wrapping motions around his waist when his friend looked back at him. Castiel looked down at his naked body, then looked at the towel in his hand. After several seconds, he got a look of realization on his face and quickly tied the towel around his waist like a cummerbund, covering absolutely nothing. Dean smacked his face with his palm and shook his head.
Shepard nodded. “Okay--get to security. I’ll go get your classmates, and we’ll all get off this station together.”
Shepard stepped away to chat with a salarian in black armour, leaving his four squadmates to chat with Wrex, who had decided to amuse himself by loudly talking about the best ways to prepare salarian liver. Garrus tossed in a quip about vorcha preferring it grilled, to the guards’ consternation and Wrex's great amusement.
“Cas, wait!” Dean scrambled after him, but only heard the sound of rustling wings and smelled ozone as he rounded the corner. “Dammit!” He signed and turned to Sam. “There anything left of that pie?” Sam showed him the empty box right before he tossed it in the trash, and Dean rolled his eyes. “Okay, let’s go get a cab.”
Every Allied ship cut loose with Thanix cannons and conventional mass-accelerator ordnance. Thanix bolts slammed into Reaper capital vessels, shattering armor and opening holes for smaller rounds to sever limbs and do damage to internal systems. Allied fighters zipped forward to engage their Reaper counterparts. An Alliance heavy cruiser fired a salvo that severed two legs from a capital Reaper with help from a Turian dreadnought’s Thanix cannons, which responded by slicing the cruiser in half with its MHD laser.
“I do.” K’al smiled. “And I know that look. Does our
Dean narrowed his eyes a bit. He sat back and crossed his arms. “Really. So what brings you here, ‘Councilor’?”
“Can I fly?” Castiel asked. Kaidan nodded, and Castiel nodded in response, “Yes, I can fly if I absolutely have to. I prefer teleporting, though, from one location to another. It’s more energy-efficient, and less exhausting.” Castiel grunted slightly, and Kaidan looked up to see him struggling with a shoulder closure on his own undersuit.
Legion’s eyes blinked. “Query unclear. Please rephrase.”
“Thanks. I’d rather not have to deal with another concussion.” Castiel took his armour from his locker a piece at a time, dropping it on the deck.
SHEPARD: (coolly) No Dean, you can’t injure my pilot.
He dreamed of falling, letting go and pushing away, plummeting away from
“You…?” he croaked. His eyes went wide, and he raised the pistol to point it at his clone.
The archangel gave the Admiral a tight squeeze. “I will, Hannah.”
Israfel pursed her lips for a moment before continuing. “I work for him--he doesn’t know it though, because I walled off his memories of me on the way out.” She stared at her son for a moment, then got up from her chair. “You need to eat; you're looking quite pale. Come on, let’s get you some food.” The child slowly stood and followed Israfel to the dining table. The tray had several thick sandwiches on it, cut into triangles, along with a large pitcher of what looked like more iced tea and two glasses. A bowl contained an assortment of fresh fruit.
“Among others. I don’t know, I just never understood the idea of a vengeful deity that got mad if we didn’t let Him tell us what to do all the time. Thanks for taking the time to give me an update, Doctor.”
“We are many.”
“We’ve seen it here too,” Sanders said. “You’ll...see when you get here.”
JOKER (laughing maniacally): Seriously? Oh, this is too much! I need to share this. Team Free Will is about to become Normandy Famous in 3...2...and (swipes over a holographic button labelled SEND. Behind him, the holographic lock on the door spins and turns red.)
“Shepard, wait. For all we know Legion is being controlled by the Reapers.” Tali’s voice was heavy with trepidation.
Castiel turned to Dean, giving Sam the opportunity to give Joker a quick head-shake and mouth the words sore subject. “Oh, I er...I don’t want to lose it.”
“I dunno Sammy,” Dean replied, “But we need to find something to fight those bastards with, because two pistols and three clips are not going to do it.” The two of them ducked out the back of the store and ran through a maintenance tunnel to another door. Dean tried the door, softly cursing when he saw that it was locked.
“I think we saved all those men,” Garrus announced.
“What is it?” Hackett picked up the disk.
“And it isn’t even my
Sam fished the credit chit out of his pocket and set it the table. “This—the clerk called it a ‘credit chit’, so I’m guessing it’s like the 22nd-century version of a credit card. I found it on the ground by the cab stand at the park.” He picked up the chit and handed it to Dean so he could look it over. “I don’t know if it has a limit or anything, so I think we should kinda be careful with what we use it for.” Sam got up and walked over to the window, and looked outside.
“Yeah yeah, moment of silence for the camera drone,” Joker said, levering himself up out of his chair to get up in the angel’s face. “Where’s EDI?”
“What,” Dean commented, eyes still closed. “You mean like when Naomi was controlling him?”
A Shepard is found in the wreckage of the Crucible, and we find out just how much time passed in Heaven during the War.
Camael snorted. “And so my sister wears her Admiral suit again.” He spat in Israfel’s face. “Go to hell, you blasphemous whore.” Israfel-as-Hackett glared into the traitorous angel’s eyes and concentrated. He sighed, and let go of his brother.
to need him. When the time comes, let me take up his burden. Please.”
Kaidan nodded, jaw set. “Let’s unleash hell, Stannis.” He popped up and generated a warp field around a pair of geth. Shepard immediately stood and charged. The impact of Shepard’s barrier with the warp fields set off a detonation that crushed the troopers and and dropped the shields of a cloaked hunter, enabling Shepard to finish it off with a shotgun blast to the torso. Shepard immediately ducked behind another half-wall to let his barrier recharge, and Kaidan and Tali rushed up to join him.
Sam smiled. “Thanks again.” He took the pad and walked from the desk over to where Dean was sitting with a semi-conscious Castiel. “OK,” he remarked quietly. “We have a room.” He looked down at the pad. “And apparently my name is now Buck Dharma. Let’s go before somebody wonders what the hell we’re doing here.” Dean slowly turned his head to look up at Sam. His eyes were wide and the colour had drained from his face.
“Shepard’s inbound on C-Sec HQ in a shuttle with James and Liara,” Joker said. “Thane got a hold of us on an emergency channel and told us what was happening when we didn’t get an answer from Alliance Control. Want me to have Cortez come get you?”
“I told you--this is Heaven, and I am an angel. So’s Camael.” She pointed over to the table. “There’s food on the table for you, if you want it. I promise, it’s all real.” The child rolled out of Israfel’s arms and sat on the floor for a moment with his hands on his knees, dumbfounded. The angel stood and reached down to help the child up. “Look, son...I realise that this is a lot to take in, bu--”
“Don’t be foolish,” Udina snorted, “The other races are only concerned with their own agendas--humanity doesn’t matter to them, never has. And Shepard? He’s a loose cannon. He’d only been to Earth once, up until six months ago. Do you honestly believe that’s the kind of person we need representing humanity’s interests?”
The child nodded, and Israfel sighed heavily. “I was going to wait until later to tell you this,” she said, indicating the chair by the fireplace. When he sat in the chair, Israfel bit her lip for a moment as she mulled over the words she wanted to use. “Don’t let the body fool you...but I’m your father.”
“And then you live.” Shepard reached closer to the clone.
“What if we faked an emergency,” Shepard asked, “like a fire?” Tali’s fingers flew over the keyboard as she started typing in commands.
“Er...Yes.”
The camera focused on the phantom. “You don’t know what you’re doing,” the ghostly child pleaded. “The work isn’t finished!”
Israfel nodded. “I’ll see you soon.” The archangel took a deep breath and touched the portal. Grace flowed from Israfel’s eyes and mouth into the pool of dark energy, and the now-empty vessel slumped to the floor briefly before regaining consciousness.
“No, Dean,” the Prime said, “I’m sorry--Legion sacrificed itself to give us all intelligence. And we will honour Legion’s promise.” It looked at Shepard. “The Geth will assist you when the time comes to retake Earth, Commander Shepard, and our engineers will assist with the building of the Crucible.”
Shepard chuckled a bit. “Thanks, EDI--remind me to find some way to thank Joker for taking care of the little guy for me, by the way.” He opened the doors and stepped inside, scooping up his cat. “Hey there, little Ninja.” The cat trilled and settled down in Shepard’s arms as he sat down at his desk. A couple minutes later, his mother’s face popped up on the holoscreen in front of him.
“Aye sir--reports will be waiting when you and Admiral Shepard return. I’ll see you soon.”
“Damn!”
“See you soon.” He stood looking at the floor in silence until his reverie was broken by Liara’s voice in his head.
Castiel floated past them, a few inches off the ground and cloaked in his biotic aura. “No wings--but yes.” The angel stopped and settled to the ground at the edge of the field. He hopped across the ditch and turned to face the brothers, then leaned back against the car parked at the side of the road. When the brothers emerged from the cornfield, Dean’s eyes lit up.
CASTIEL: Where’s Dean?
He did his best to stifle a sigh. When Castiel turned to look in his direction, Shepard looked down at the ground.
Israfel clung tightly to the mother of their sons. “You’re right to be angry at me for the subterfuge Hannah,” she rasped. “I won’t ever begrudge you that. I...”
Liara and Sam had shared stories over a bottle of Hyetania Icewine until Sam passed out on Liara’s bed. She was now curled up on her couch with a beefy redheaded man in blue Alliance-style fatigues while a copy of the latest
“What “task”?” the woman shot back. Her eyes glowed brightly for a moment, and a golden mark appeared on her forehead.
“What are you suggesting?” Shepard asked. He reached up and wiped some dirt from his brow.
LIARA’S QUARTERS. LIARA is sitting at her desk with a mostly-empty glass of milk. Her face is still slightly flushed from the spicy ice cream, but she is no longer sweating. GLYPH hovers over to LIARA’s desk.
“Commander Bailey,” Shepard said. He lowered his gun and shook the man’s hand. “You’re a sight for sore eyes.”
Azrael scratched her head and pulled a single gray strand of hair down to eye-level. The end was split, and the angel sighed. Nadira, her vessel, had never been into what she considered “fancy” hair care routines. She looked at the split end, and pulled it apart. She watched the hair split, and hyper focused on the scales of the individual strand of hair.
Shepard sat sullenly on the couch in his quarters, tumbler of whisky in his hand. Ninja sat purring on the back of the couch, nuzzling and nosing him in exchange for occasional skritches under the chin and behind the ears. The door opened to admit Kaidan, and the little black cat let out a high-pitched “mew!” before going back to trying to comfort Shepard.
“Afraid of what you might find?” Chuck leaned over and patted Gabriel’s hand. “Let me give you some advice, Gabriel. The angels here...they’re not raging dicks like the angels where I came from. They’re different--it’s pretty obvious to me that they care for you and your brother a lot, and they care for the people in this galaxy too. So give ‘em a chance.”
“No,” Shepard said from outside the circle. “Not Sam.” The woman sighed.
The woman in uniform raised her eyebrows. “What?  Oh, right, sorry. My name’s Israfel. You can call me Izzy, though. And the reason why I look a lot like you is because this,” she said as she patted her stomach, “is--or was, rather--my first companion. Her name is Adileh, with an I. and she’s your ancestor.”
“Well you’re still here, so it couldn’t have been very nice for him either.” Dean smirked. Garrus winced and rubbed his head. “You okay?” Dean asked.
“How do you mean?” Kaidan asked.
The airlock door opened. “Ready or not, here we go.” Shepard took the first step into the docking tube. “Seems stable enough. Sam, Dean, your feet may feel a little heavy because of the magnetized soles of your boots. Take it slow and easy, and you’ll be fine. There’s gravity in the dreadnought.”
Shepard took two steps forward. The firing chamber lit up one last time as what looked like a gigantic electronic eye cast its gaze on Shepard. “Shepard…” a voice boomed.
Mordin looked up from his microscope. “Sorry. Busy with genophage cure. Didn’t see.” The salarian scientist stroked his chin for a moment, then added, “Heard sound, however. Like bird taking flight.”
“Anyone can be indoctrinated,” Tali pointed out, “given enough time in close proximity to a Reaper.”
she typed.
“Shepard-Commander…” Legion said over its comms. “Good luck.”
’s AI core. Azrael waved a hand, and a force field sprang up around a small grey box. She flopped down in a chair next to the force field, and leaned against the wall. “We’re safe,” she said with a sigh. Her face was drawn, eyes heavy with exhaustion.
Shepard sat up in bed with a gasp. He looked over to see Kaidan sleeping quietly next to him, then looked out the window at the stars as the
“This place is certainly...interesting,” Castiel replied. “It looks like Sam’s up, by the way.” They looked and saw Dr. Chakwas sitting Sam up and slowly passing a wand of some kind over his face before patting him on the shoulder and sending him out. The two crewmen that had gone into the medbay were camped at the door to the AI Core. One was scanning with his funky light-glove, and the other had gotten out what looked like a fire extinguisher. They both had put on some sort of mask. Sam still had a little bruising around his left eye, but otherwise looked unharmed.
Israfel walked into the ready room and saluted. “Admiral.”  Hackett indicated the chair next to him at the table as the door closed. She walked forward and sat down, and Hackett took off his cap, setting it down on the table. “You okay, Steven?” she asked.
“Admiral,” Dean said with a nod. “I’m Dean Winchester. This is my brother Sam, and this,” he said as he barely suppressed a smile, “is Castiel.”
“Your caution is understandable. Once free, we will submit to any restraints you deem necessary.” Legion’s headflaps bobbled as it spoke.
“Good.” Shepard led the group forward. “Let’s make sure they have a rendezvous point to make it to.”
“Kill her?” Sam was incredulous. He held up his Omni-Tool and fired up the medical diagnostic program, which showed her running a fever and showing signs of various internal and external injuries. “Damn, look at that--what did they do to her here?”
“Sam…” The angel sighed deeply. “It looked like they gave him a full load of implants--and unlike you, he didn’t have an angel to shield him.” She shook her head sadly and looked out the window. “From that point, it would have been a simple matter of appealing to his hunter’s instincts--saving humans and hunting things that threatened them.” Sam opened his mouth to speak, and Azrael looked back at him. She smacked her face with her palm and sighed. “Shit, that was cold and unnecessary. I should have worded it better. But Sam, if I could have saved Dean from indoctrination, I would have. But right now, I have to compartmentalize. More specifically,
“What?!” Sam looked at his brother incredulously. “No, Dean, you’re not going to shoot out the windshield while we’re going a hundred miles an hour!”
“It’s just us,” Dean lied, wincing in pain. “No compadres here, Crunch. Uhh, look. We’re not exactly armed to the teeth, so I think it’s OK to put the gun down.” Muscles nodded in their direction, and Esteban came over and started to pat them down. He took Dean’s demon-killing knife and Sam’s angel blade, tossing them to the deck after holding them up and fixing Dean with a nonplussed look. “Oh come on,” Dean protested, “Who in their right mind really thinks they have a chance with a knife in a gunfight?” Esteban gave him a slight shove and pulled Dean’s 1911 Colt out of his waistband.
SHEPARD: I didn’t, but since we’re all here and we’re off-duty… (SHEPARD walks over to a panel on the wall and touches a button. A set of glasses and a bottle of whisky pop out.) We may as well have a drink.
“I find the diary to be quite enlightening, Sam.” EDI closed the diary and handed it back to him. “I have read through it several times.”
Dean looked longingly in the direction of the pastry shop. “But the piiiiie...” he whimpered.
“Shepard-Commander,” Legion broke in, “We will exit ahead of you and infiltrate the base. We can bypass security and procure an escape vehicle.”
Gabriel crossed his arms. “I did nothing. My understanding is that this part is supposed to be infused with a small amount of grace--specifically, grace from fifteen angels who were specially marked by God and elevated to the rank of Archangel.” His expression hardened. “You’ll notice that the grace that was inside this tiny cylinder has been replaced with eezo. If you look closely, you’ll also see that the tiny Reaper trap inscribed on it has been defaced, rendering it useless.”
Castiel paused for a moment. “Grace is what makes an angel an angel. If you take an angel’s grace from him, or if he separates himself from it, then he becomes mortal. He can be affected by disease and injury, he ages....”
“Quiet,” Muscles snarled.
“Get into position,” Shepard shouted. “Watch out for the Centurions--they've got the gold helmets, they’ll throw smoke bombs to cover chokepoints.” Black-helmeted assault troopers in yellow-and-white armour laid down covering fire. A smoke bomb from a gold-helmeted soldier landed right by Sam, who rolled out of cover and ducked behind a desk, right next to a trooper. The trooper turned and trained his assault rifle on Sam, who raised his hand and fired off a burst of electricity from his Omni-Tool. The super-shock staggered the Cerberus soldier, buying Sam enough time to blast him in the face with his shotgun and send him flying back over a nearby half-wall.
Tyr, the man with one hand, laughed. “The cops will live--they’ll be hurting for a while, but they’ll live. After all, you can’t learn anything if you're dead.” He looked to Forseti and asked, “You got another of those sparkling loganberries?” The god smiled as he was handed a bottle. “Appreciate it. So, to the reason why I’d called you; we really do need help with this one.” He nodded toward Forseti, who pulled out a thick manila folder and set it on the desktop in front of their angelic guest. “This casefile has all the info that we’ve found so far. We've got friends in the medical examiner's office and the county sheriff's department who got us copies of the crime scene photos.”
Castiel lay on a bed while Doctor Chakwas scanned him with her Omni-Tool. “It’s pretty incredible, Commander,” she said. “I'd better show you, because I can’t explain it.” The doctor led Shepard to her desk, where she punched up a diagram of a human nervous system. “Where biotics such as you and Major Alenko have nodules of element zero embedded in your nervous system,” she said, changing the diagram to show small dark nodes scattered over major nerve centres.  She punched a button, and the nodes in the diagram spread out to change the nerves deep blue. “Castiel nerves seem to be covered with it.”
“I knew you wouldn’t have any problems Cas,” Shepard said. “Let’s boogie.” He unhooked his shotgun and opened it up, then beckoned for the rest of the squad to follow into the interior of the dreadnought. The lights were widely spaced, casting many long shadows through the angular architecture.
“I thought you’d want to be with the fleet Tali,” Shepard said. “Rather than tromping around a geth dreadnought with us.”
“I don’t even want to think about it,” Shepard muttered. He looked at the exploded microwave, then at the oven’s door, which was still lying on the deck outside the medbay. “Do I want to know what happened?” he asked.
“Balls. Need…” Dean was gripping the sheets tightly in both hands, his body tensed. Castiel ran his tongue over Dean’s ballsack and flared his barrier a bit, and was rewarded with a groan of pleasure. “God yes…Fuck Cas, that feels so good.” Dean felt Castiel’s breath as his tongue trailed static back up over his cock to his pubic bone, and bit his lip. “Mmm…”
Sanders punched up a display. “This is from the security cameras. I couldn’t believe my eyes.” She punched a button, and Shepard watched three Cerberus shuttles land and disgorge troops. Most of the soldiers hustled into the station, while a handful of troopers stayed behind with what looked like some kind of non-combat officer to keep watch. After about a minute or two, a brilliant white light exploded like a miniature star in the middle of the shuttle bay. Shepard’s jaw dropped when he saw flashes of light coming out from the troopers’ helmets as they thrashed in agony before dropping over. The light in the shuttle bay coalesced into the form of a dark-haired human male in fatigues and a trenchcoat. The man was wreathed in an intense biotic aura that flowed out from him to resemble a pair of wings, and his eyes blazed with blue-black flames.
“Some of them start out okay--even helpful or downright friendly--but after some period of time, they usually become vengeful and start hurting people. Might be days, might be months or even years, but it happens eventually. That’s when we have to find their body, then salt it and burn it along with anything that the vengeful spirit may be attached to.” Dean sighed deeply. “It happened to Bobby Singer. Bobby was another hunter that helped my dad get started in the life, and he was like a second father to me and Sammy. When he died, we gave him a hunter’s funeral by cremating him, and thought that was it. But he was attached to this hip flask that I had.” The hunter half-snorted. “He had unfinished business and wanted to bring down Dick Roman--the leader of the Leviathans.”
Sam woke up on a bunk in a just-over-dimly-lit room. He sat up and looked around after letting his eyes adjust to what little light was there, then swung his legs around to sit on the edge of the bunk.  He felt a slight ache in his legs and down his back and arms, combined with a dully throbbing headache.
“I'm modifying a program," Castiel said. "I will have to wait until we’re in a battlefield situation to fully test it--but the results should be interesting to see.”
“Well, time to see what this baby can do.” Dean and Sam closed the doors, and the canopy lowered. Dean put his hands on the steering wheel of the car, and a panel immediately lit up in front of him. He stabbed a finger at what looked like a “start” button on the panel, letting out a surprised yelp when his hand went through it and his finger jammed hard into the dashboard. “Ow!” He pulled his hand back and rubbed it. “Dammit!”
“Incoming!” The squad quickly ducked into cover as the robot started firing. The deck shook slightly as several more units dropped in.
“He knows you are here.
“We will answer your inquiries later,” Legion responded. It pointed to where several geth platforms started dropping into the room. “Hostile geth are attacking.”
“Yes,” Castiel said.
“Put her through,” Shepard replied.
“You’ve all been fooled,” Shepard announced. “Councilor Udina’s behind this. Councilor Valern uncovered proof that Udina was passing money to Cerberus.”
“What brings you here, Tali?” Shepard asked. “I thought you opposed war with the Geth.”
“We’re about three-fourths done with the Reaper Trap. You need backup?”
“I find myself drawn to the diagrams and sigils,” the AI explained. “They are very detailed, even artistic. I was also fascinated by the Enochian vocabulary, especially because it helped me to interpret what Castiel said to Dean after his accident in Engineering.”
“Come with you?”
“We tried to determine the nature of Castiel when he engaged us in conversation, outside the War Room. Visual scans suggest that he is human, but we detected dark energy readings far exceeding that of normal biotics. A further scan indicated that he is not any known species.” The geth’s eyeflaps bobbled. “We judged that you may be able to provide us with additional data.”
“Slow,” Castiel replied matter-of-factly. “Confining.”
Israfel pulled up her own chair. “What’s on your mind?”
“Hey, Halstead.” Camael looked up from his work to see Chief Faber looking down at him. Faber brushed a stray lock of mousy hair from her face and rubbed her bleary brown eyes as she stifled a yawn. “Sorry, just rolled out of the rack. I’ll take over on that panel. Chief wants you to go crawling the ducts to replace that busted thermal pipe.” She stifled another yawn.
Castiel heard a steady beep, and opened his eyes to find himself in a hospital bed with an IV in his left arm. Sam, Dean, and Shepard were standing next to his bed, talking to a salarian doctor. “Dean...” Cas croaked.
“There’s one of the escape pods. Our first casualties.” Shepard gave the bodies a cursory examination. “Looks like the pod got taken down by a harvester. What do you think--died in the crash?”
Castiel looked up at Shepard. “I...err...ate it.”
“Anyone got a mop?” Dean asked. One crewman stood up from the table and pointed to a closet next to the kitchen.
Steve smiled and kept going. After several minutes, the rebuilt coil lay there on the deck, shiny and brand-new. “I think Engineer Adams told you something about fabrication when he gave you your Omni-Tool. The function needs materials to work. Usually, it’s whatever happens to be around, which in this case would be the Normandy itself. But for something like this, you can use the part to rebuild itself.”
Gabriel walked into the hall and paused to take a long look at the exhibits. From primitive cave paintings and reproductions of pheromonic signatures to scrolls, hardcopy books, vids, and displays of knick-knacks, the hall catalogued the rise of the spacefaring species harvested by the Reapers that cycle. “Whoa…” He reached out and touched a display containing several scrolls, and a small holoprojector popped out. A small representation of what looked like a human male appeared, clad in a flowing cassock-like coat over wide-leg trousers and supple boots. The image had slightly curly hair that cascaded over his shoulders, a flat broad face with large almond-shaped eyes and a high forehead, and flowing filigree tattooing which evoked the image of waves washing over his body.
“Right,” Shepard said. “This thing.” He looked at Tali. “But Legion helped us fight the Reapers before--there’s no way he would have agreed to this.”
“Clear--let’s go!”
Dean set his coil down. “I take it we can’t exactly head to a parts place and buy what we need.” Steve grinned and pointed to the Omni-Tool on the back of Dean’s hand.
“We’re not exactly young anymore, Adi.” Israfel said to the soul of her vessel.
KAIDAN: Wait a minute--don’t angels hear prayers? Can’t you pray to them, and one of them will answer? (KAIDAN scratches his head) Maybe that will work?
“Permission granted,” Shepard replied from the CIC. The crew was lined up and standing at parade rest, save for Joker.
“He was the best,” Dean said somewhat wistfully. “He was a hard-drinkin’ sonofabitch, but he was always there when we needed him. He was like a second father to me and Sam.” He looked up to the kitchen. “Hey Cas, leave some for the rest of us willya?” Garrus and Vega turned to see Castiel finishing the preparation of an enormous sandwich in a hollowed-out loaf of bread. A second plate was heaped with some sort of noodle dish. The angel picked up both plates and brought them to the table, then sat down. He picked up the sandwich and lifted it to his mouth, then stopped and looked at the other three occupants of the table.
“All hands,” their comms crackled, “this is Joker--Shepard and I were at this sushi place in the Wards when some armed thugs attacked. I think he might need some help, guys.”
“She’s retired after a little over two million years of hanging around me, and she’s doing her own thing now. She's on the other side of a door that we've got to get unsealed. Alive and well, and with luck you’ll even get to meet her.” Israfel sighed and leaned against one of the bookshelves. “Look, Addy. If you say yes to me, I promise you’ll get the full story...and it’s a long one.” The angel bent down and picked up the datapad from the floor. “This datapad, it’s...it’s one of a metric fuckton-and-a-half that exist in an actual library. But I’m getting ahead of myself. Addy, please. I really do need you--not just your body, but also your perspective as a mortal. I won’t lie; it’s going to be scary at times. We’re going to be in harm’s way ninety percent of the time, we’re going to get shot at and stabbed and probably even set on fire a time or two. But I promise that I won’t hide anything from you. I’ll eat at least once a day and make sure to stay hydrated. I’ll shower at least twice a week, and I’ll even take a break every couple of days so that you can get some sleep for the sake of your mental well-being.”
Joker put up his hands. “Hey whoa, EDI monitors everything--usually she doesn’t do anything with it, but she’s trying to understand what it’s like to be like us organics so she’s been paying closer attention. She didn’t mean anything by it, she just didn’t feel comfortable coming to ask you because it looked like you were kinda upset.”
Sam grabbed his jacket and stood up. “Maybe we’re here to stop it, or to help stop it, or...something. I can’t see us getting thrown almost two hundred years into the future to this bizarro-world, without there being some kind of purpose behind it.” He put his jacket on and ran his hands through his brown hair. “OK, I tell you what--before it gets too much later, I’m going to see if I can find a library or a bookstore or something, maybe dig up some info that will help us get our bearings. Oh, and I don’t think the bottles in the mini-fridge with the red tops are meant for…well, us. Humans. So, don’t drink those.” He pulled on his jacket and walked to the door. “I’ll bring back pie.” He stopped, turned around, and came back to Dean. “Oh yeah, need the credit chit.” Dean handed the chit back to Sam, then sat back on the bed to watch the local news as Sam left the room.
“So did your pistol,” Xen sniffed dismissively. “Shall I--”
“I understand the need for “shock and awe”,” Castiel explained, using airquotes, “But it’s not a good idea.” He took a deep breath before continuing. “Some very rare, very special individuals can perceive my true form without harm,” he put a hand on Legion’s shoulder for a moment to punctuate his point, “but all others either go blind or die outright.”
Castiel started snoring lightly, which made Eve chuckle. “I think he’ll be just fine.” Dean looked back at the krogan. She towered over him. Her eyes were gold, as opposed to Wrex’s red eyes. The heavy veil was more a headdress. A peaked portion covering her forehead was decorated with an elaborate brocaded design, and three golden cords looped down over each eye. “Does my appearance shock you?” she asked.
nonhuman.” To punctuate his point, he flared his barrier, making his “wings” flutter.
“He did,” Shepard said.
“Yeah,” Kaidan added, “especially with those biotic wings of yours. I know they impressed the hell out of the Council.”
“Don’t remind me.” Shepard sat back and looked up at the ceiling.
“Commander,” Joker paged, “We have a priority transmission from Admiral Hackett, requesting permission to come aboard.”
The shuttle shook slightly as it began its descent into the atmosphere of the salarian homeworld. “Commander,” Cortez said when the shaking stopped, “I’ve got the base on scanners.”
“Cerberus?” Shepard set his jaw. “Then we have to get it away from them.”
“We voted.” The voice at the other end of the phone sounded pained at saying those words. “We’d like a place at the table.”
“...by demons,” Castiel interjected. Shepard arched an eyebrow, but didn’t move.
are finished.
Hackett nodded slowly. “I think so.”
Castiel finally gets his biotics under control, with help from Jimmy Novak. Shepard and Kaidan confess their feelings to each other. Dean discusses spirits with Vega and Garrus. And Sam talks Reaper Traps with Joker and EDI.
“So, ‘Councilor’,” Dean snidely asked when the recording finished, “I'm betting that you thought your Cerberus buddies would gank the three of us at the hospital and then come save your sorry ass. I'm so sorry to disappoint you.”
“You know I’m not leaving you to go in there alone,” the Geth said to his friend. He raised an eyeflap, and Israfel nodded.
“Don’t leave anyone behind,” Dean said from the barrier at the end of the cargo bay. He and Sam started to make their own chain to rescue the clone, when Shepard put up a hand and reached for the doppelganger.
Liara bit her lip for a moment, blue eyes wide. Castiel’s touch was warm, and she felt electricity rush through her body. “Castiel…” She protested. “You can’t kill every Cerberus operative in the galaxy--your biotics are considerable, but...” Darkness started to eat away at her vision in tiny bits, and her left arm started to shake. “Cas, please…” Castiel removed his hand from the archaeologist’s shoulder when he noticed her pained expression, and Liara sat down and immediately started massaging the pins-and-needles feeling from her arm and shoulder. “You’ll burn yourself out. You’ve expended yourself several times already, and we don’t know if your biotics are stable enough for sustained usage even with your increased caloric intake and the supplemental eezo that we’ve been able to requisition for you.”
“Don’t get your hopes up,” came a purring voice from behind them. “I suspect that Joker’s already staked his claim by now.”
“You.”
“Everybody back to the elevator--I’ll cover you!” Kaidan ran toward Councilor Udina, barrier up and pistol out, when the asari councilor pointed behind him.
“Go on…” Sam sat back and crossed his arms, and the woman turned to face him. He fixed her with an annoyed glare.
Admiral Shepard looked up. She reached for the bottle and poured herself three fingers of whisky.  She sighed and ran a hand through her dark hair, brushing aside a streak of silver that had fallen into her face. “Don’t. Just…” She picked up the datapad and looked at it, then tossed it back onto the table. “Fuck, I thought Steven had lost his mind when he told me about this.” Hannah knew that the person in front of her was Lt. Benson, Admiral Hackett’s aide. She saw the outline of the Lieutenant, but what was in that outline was not the person that everyone else on the
“Wow,” Sam commented, “this is kinda freaky.” He shuddered. “It feels like someplace we’d be hunting monsters, not trying to shut down a transmission from a ship.”
“Yeah,” Sam said. “It’s sitting on the table for you--hope you like raspberry, because that’s all they had. Also got a couple of magazines, found a grocery store and got some salt and some water...and this.” He held up the device. “The clerk at the newsstand I went to called it a datapad. He loaded it with a couple of guidebooks and a link to some sites on the extranet, which I’m guessing is what the Internet’s turned into. Said I could find a lot more info there.” Sam browsed a couple of entries on the datapad, then looked at the clock by the bed. “Here.” Sam laid the pad down on Dean’s pillow. “Feel free to browse. I’m going to get some shut-eye.” Dean reached behind his head and took the datapad, opened one eye and looked at it for a second, then set it down on the nightstand and went back to sleep.
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, I heard about his little stunt on Mars. I bet you had a lot of fun fixing this thing up after that.” He looked around, hands out from his sides a bit as if searching for something on his person. “Man, I feel like I need a beer in my hand if I’m going to be talking auto shop. Anyway,” he continued, “James suggested that you could teach me something about fixing a shuttle. I get the feeling he thinks I could maybe give you a hand from time to time.”
Castiel looked up. “Finishing up now.” He came over and took a look at the sigil Sam was burning into the rock. “I can finish, if you like.”
“I forgive you,” Sam whispered, and he felt tears falling on his face.
Tali opened her comms. “This is Admiral Tali’Zorah. Shepard speaks with my authority.”
CASTIEL: I figured out how we got here. (CASTIEL takes a deep breath) The last thing I remembered before blacking out and waking up in this world was a bright light and…(CASTIEL massages his temples for a moment) Sorry, I have a bit of a headache.
K’al chuckled. “Go, my love. You waited for me.” He stood and reached down to help Israfel up. “It’s my turn to wait for you, now.” They kissed again. “Go on. I’ll be here when you return.”
Dean looked down at his partially-modded shotgun, then over to Steve, then back at the shotgun. After a long moment, he shrugged. “Sure,” he said with a half-smile. “But don’t blame me if something breaks.” James patted him on the shoulder again and laughed, then took the shotgun off the table and secured it in a nearby armoury locker. Dean hopped over the procurement console and then leaned back against it to watch Steve work. After another minute or two, the pilot stepped back, looked at the open thruster, and sighed. “Problems?” Dean asked.
“You know Dean,” the gaunt man said without looking up, “I would say that I am really getting tired of your shit--but you didn’t bring yourself here, so I’ll just point out that I’m getting tired of meeting you like this.” He indicated the seat across from him. “Sit.” Dean quickly moved to the table and sat down. “Have a varren skewer. I really do like the...what’s it called?”
“This man’s been shot, Mr. Vega. He’ll need some medical attention.” Esteban looked up at Dean’s black eye. “Make that more medical attention.”
Silence.
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?”  Cas turned his head to see himself sitting there. Or was it? He didn’t know. “The power to manipulate. To destroy. To move.” It was Jimmy, sitting next to him in his dark suit. “Is this what God uses?” Cas grimaced at the mention of his Father. “Sorry,” Jimmy said. “Didn’t mean to bring Him up.”
“Stannis,” Kaidan said, “when I was in the hospital, I got to thinking about how I was so focused on the job that I never took the time to find somebody--then I realized that maybe I was just waiting for somebody who was already there.” He paused. “Somebody I already knew. Somebody...handsome.”
“Something like that,” Garrus responded. “I’m sure I’m forgetting something, though, so you may want to ask Doctor Chakwas when we get back on the Normandy. Oh, try the Varren skewers with the Tummy Tingling Tuchanka Sauce,” he said to Dean. “Spicy, but I’m told they’re pretty good. Of course, it was a teenage krogan who told me that so...what’s that phrase? Your mileage may vary?”
He heard the cries of anguish and fear from a small blue-green planet, and knew what he had to do. Purpose drove him down through the atmosphere, a single word running through his mind as the wavelength took form:
Sam squeezed Azrael’s hand hard. “Let’s do it.”
The hunters looked at her in stunned silence for a moment before Dean tentatively extended his hand. “Dean...Dean Winchester. This is my brother Sam, and that’s Castiel in the trench coat. We’re, uh....”
“Hey Cas,” Garrus handed Castiel a cup of coffee from the dispenser. “Where’s Dean? Don’t worry about the coffee--it’s not dextro.”
"And for the record,” Castiel snarled defiantly, “I am an angel of the Lord, created to be a shepherd and steward of all His creations--human
Shepard grinned. “No more eating drive cores, I hope.”
“Shepard!” Wrex tromped into the mess from the elevator, looking very agitated. “There was almost a diplomatic incident in the War Room!” He stomped over to the table where Shepard was sitting with Sam and Dean. “It felt like somebody was messing with my amp--I almost creamed half the War Room without even intending to!”
“Acknowledged.” The Reaper managed to straighten itself up at least partway. It opened its firing chamber, and Shepard squeezed the trigger on his targeting laser. The Reaper fired off a wild shot over the ridgeline, and was answered by a salvo from the Quarian Heavy Fleet that staggered it again. The giant killing machine wobbled and looked like it would topple, but righted itself and started priming for another blast. Shepard trotted to his right and squeezed the trigger on the targeting unit. Right before the Reaper opened fire, a second shot from the Heavy Fleet smacked into its firing chamber and sent it face-first into the ground. One of the Reaper's feet punched further into the weakened stone, and the ancient machine stumbled. Sam and Dean carefully made their way through the brush to the hovercraft’s location just as another barrage from the Heavy Fleet hit the Reaper. The Reaper finally loosed its foot from the rock, sending heavy shards of stone flying. It stomped the loose foot on the rock as it primed for another shot, but the stone completely collapsed under it and its foot sank up to the knee, staggering the giant machine once again and giving Shepard precious seconds to paint its firing chamber again. A final devastating fusillade rained down from the Quarian fleet, and the Reaper collapsed for the last time, wreathed in scarlet static.
“Yeah,” Sam said softly. “I guess so.” He started to tie his hair back in a short ponytail.
“Yes sir.”
came to talk to you about. Her hardware’s a bust, from what I can see--however…”
Shepard crossed his arms. “Uh huh.”
vid played. The man had a mark on his head like the one that Sam had when Azrael was controlling his body, and he held Liara close while she slept. The burly redhead looked up at EDI’s camera, smiled, and nodded.
LIARA: What is it, Glyph?
Gabriel silently advanced to the crossroads where the prismatic energies of the Crucible were split into three equal parts, then turned to his right and continued on toward a pylon that crackled with crimson energy. He raised his brother’s Carnifex, dialed up Armor-Piercing rounds, and fired three times to punch a hole in the casing of the pylon. The camera panned down to show him unsheathing a silvery shortsword that Alliance Intelligence reports had termed an “angel blade”. He spun the weapon in his hand so that he was holding it with the blade pointing downward as he approached the pylon. Deep red tendrils of static crackled toward him, dissipating when they hit his barrier. Gabriel took a deep breath and held the blade in front of him with both hands.
“This is our rescued child, eh? How’s he doing?” the angel whispered. The child looked up and saw the Alliance uniform the angel was wearing, and stiffened. Israfel tightened her embrace slightly, and the new angel held up his hands. “Whoa, relax! I’m not your enemy.” He stuck out a hand. “My name’s Camael--I and my vessel serve as an engineer’s mate on the Orizaba. It’s an honour to meet you, truly.” The child tentatively reached out and took Camael’s hand, and the angel gave him a just-firm handshake. “I need to get back on duty--I was just here to give my vessel some rack time, and decided to bring you something to eat on the way out.” The angel stood, then vanished with the sound of rushing wings.
“Shepard,” EDI said over the intercom, “I was also subject to a “disturbance”--and I believe I have uncovered the source. Liara, may I use your central viewscreen?”
Includes a couple of short POV segments featuring the ship's cat and the creative use of an open ammo box.
“Roger that.” A C-Sec shuttle went blitzing past the skycar, coming a little too close for Sam's liking. “Wow, they’re in a hurry!”
“What the--”
“What’s up?” Shepard asked. Dean looked down and saw everyone staring at him. Legion raised an eyeflap slightly.
The door opened, and Sam and Dean turned to see a handsome green-skinned Drell standing there wearing a black coat and bodysuit. “I hope I’m not interrupting,” he said, his voice slightly gravelly. He stepped into the room and put a hand out. “Thane Krios. You and I have a mutual friend in Stannis Shepard.”
Dean blinked, then slowly sat up and looked around, gently feeling his face and wiggling his jaw a bit.
Dean’s eyes grew wide. “Wait--you mean to tell me that you got to see what Cas has on under his kilt?”
The team gets a very unpleasant surprise when they get to Thessia.
Sam blinked for a moment. “Credi—oh yes. It’s been a long trip, sorry.” He reached into his jacket and took out the object that he used to pay for the cab ride, and handed it to the clerk, who swiped it over a section of her holographic keyboard before handing it back to him. The holopanel in front of the clerk chimed, and text scrolled up the screen.
Cut to COMMANDER'S QUARTERS. SHEPARD is laying prone on the bed in his underwear, reading from a datapad. A little black cat is curled up next to him. SHEPARD occasionally skritches the cat behind the ears. He hears a sound and looks up briefly to see KAIDAN coming out of the bathroom with damp hair and a towel around his waist.
Israfel scrunched up her nose a bit and let out what sounded like a cross between a huff and a sigh.
“Are you positive these are the right coordinates?” Hannah asked.
“Biotics. My mom was exposed to element zero when she was pregnant with me, thanks to a drive-core accident. So I was born with eezo nodes embedded in my nervous system, and I’m one of those lucky people that can generate mass effect fields to do different things.”
Sam and Dean try to get their bearings and see their first verified alien on the nightly news. Cas has a brief scare, Dean macks on a pie, and all hell breaks loose shortly after breakfast.
“Yes, Commander.” Glyph buzzed the vault.
The students hurried past Shepard and his squad, and the door closed behind them.
now.” Israfel stood and approached Gabriel. “Son, please. Come meet--” The angel’s smile faded when she saw her son’s expression.
“Already working on that.” Sam gunned the engine, and the cab shot forward right as a couple of bullets from another gunship pinged off of the fuselage. “Try to call Cas.”
“There,” Dean said. “Pie, made from some fruit native to Thessia. If you’re still hungry after this, Cas, I swear I’m going to take you hunting for another Cerberus cruiser.” He let out a slight snort when Castiel opened the box and started digging into the fruit pie. “Pastry chef told me it’s got eezo in--.” Dean raised an eyebrow and started counting fry boats. He looked over at the Fishdog menu board. “For the love of your dad, Cas, you spent 250 credits on varren skewers?!” Castiel blushed slightly, and Dean shook his head. “I hate to think of how bad the grocery bills will be if you’re still biotic when we get home. How’s the pie?”
Gabriel rubbed his chin. “And of course, any of the angels can come down this Hall,” he said quietly. He got up and held something out to Israfel. “Do you recognize this?”
“Shit.” Miranda quickly holstered her sidearm and grabbed the medkit, her medical instincts taking over. “What do you need me to do?” she asked, taking a deep breath to steel herself as she got a scalpel from the kit.
Castiel came out of the elevator as Sam rounded the corner from Engineering. “Where’s Dean?” he asked.
“Sorry,” he said apologetically. “I’m a little, er, hungry.”
“And you assuage those regrets through service,” P’al said with a slight smile. “I heard the tail end of your conversation on the way down.”
“An angel,” Kaidan said with awe.
About halfway down, Gabriel paused and put a hand on the wall for a moment, and leaned into it when he felt a slight vibration in the walls. The vibration resonated in his body as a hum, the speech of angels without the ear-piercing shriek. He closed his eyes, and turned to put his forehead to the wall. It was warm, almost alive, and he felt like he was becoming a part of the wall as imagery filled his head of summer days and nighttime fires, children being tucked in with bedtime stories, and lovers finding bliss in each others’ company. The happiness of each soul’s Heaven made him smile, and he felt the peace of Heaven surround him like a warm hug. He concentrated on Israfel, and saw her walking down one of the Library’s halls in the company of another person that he didn’t recognise. Gabriel straightened up and waited for the imagery to fade, then continued down the hallway to the lift.
