he’d tell him. It was getting close to the time Steve usually made dinner anyway, maybe he’d wake up soon and Bucky could tell them both over dinner.
Bucky quickly waved a hand at the two, trying to ignore the knowing looks from Natasha, Bruce, Clint and Thor for just a moment or two longer. “It’s not like I’ve got anything Stevie hasn’t seen before,” He said with a bit of a shrug. “We used to share a bed in the Winter when we were younger, s’not a big deal.”
“I-It’s nothing. Sorry…are you watching
“You look at me or you don’t get to come and I know you’re dyin’ for it,” Tony threatened and was pleased as punch when Steve let out another one of those delightful whines.
, goddamn it. For a while.
By the time they were two movies in and had made their way through not only dinner, but several bouts of popcorn and treats; Tony was snoring softly whilst spread across both Natasha and Steve’s laps and Bucky found himself thoroughly distracted by the sight they presented through most of the second film.
in his ass and his cheeks flushed crimson at the very thought. “
“Something we need to talk about, James,” Tony informed him, still looking at him with that same sort of stern, yet stubborn set to his jaw.
“ Steve tried to plead but Tony just shook his head and snapped his fingers.
“What’s weird?”
His voice was so quiet, so small and Bucky wasn’t even sure Tony had even
” Tony shrugged lightly and Steve smiled, turning to look at Bucky.
or anything. The blond quickly grabbed Thor who was nibbling on a few stray crumbs of what appeared to be the remains of his Pop-Tart by the elbow and asked if he could have a word with him in the living room. The Team thought it a little strange, but no one was really awake enough to figure out what was up just yet.
He tried to read, really, he did. But he kept getting distracted by the blond curled up on the sofa close by. He was curled up facing the coffee table, head resting lightly atop one of the throw pillows. There was one of the many blankets that littered the apartment draped over his middle and it appeared to have fallen from his shoulders during sleep.
,” He explained.
When the kiss broke, he found Tony
Soon it was just Steve and Bucky in the living room together and the blond curled up on the little love seat across the room. He pulled out his book and started in on it and before long most of the afternoon had bled away. By around 3:30pm, Bucky stirred when he heard voices and he sat bolt upright, startled by the noise.
Steve seemed to understand then and Bucky watched as the blond struggled with himself with the urge to touch and comfort Tony…in
Bruce sighed deeply then. “Alright, well, I’ll be down in the lab if you need anything and Thor? Maybe you could come along for a bit? I wanted to ask you about the spell and see what you can tell me about it.”
Steve smiled softly at her, “Hey, Nat. How’s it going?”
” His copy shouted.
The others never asked him
love you, so,
“ Steve whined pitifully and Tony licked his lips, shifting his hips in his seat.
Steve shrugged a bit as he glanced down at his own cup. “It’s not your fault and really, it could have been worse, I think. I’m just glad my two best guys are getting along so well.”
Natasha shrugged gently, “Maybe he doesn’t really believe that. Maybe he wants to believe it but is too afraid of he consequences to consider it.”
And it was quiet here, so much so that every soft gasp and shaky breath he took felt as if they echoed around him. And he was doing
“Much better,” He agreed and Tony chuckled, moving to busy himself with putting the razor away.
to bring the man the drinks Steve made, all except Bucky, of course.
“I’m fine,” He muttered, shaking his head and pinching the bridge of his nose.
Natasha reached out to card her fingers through his shorter hair and he turned his head, resting his cheek against the counter to look at her as he pressed slightly into her warm hand. He tried to give her a little smile, but it didn’t reach his eyes. “You’ll be fine, Barnes,” She consoled before slipping off the counter and striding over towards the bowl of fruit by the fridge.
Tony laughed, soft as if he were embarrassed by the compliment and Bucky couldn’t help his smile. “Thanks,” He chuckled, shaking his head as he stood back up and even if he hadn’t managed to get some of the little hairs to quite stick where they were meant to, they did frame his-
Tony frowned, brow knitting in agitation. “I’m pushin’ forty, Buck. You two are barely even thirty at this point, if you don’t take into account all your years as popsicles.”
Bucky shook his head and managed to calm down enough to get out a
He shook his head, a wry smile on his face as he cast Tony a knowing look of his own. “
Bucky nodded slowly.
didn’t work.
“S-stop using pet-names, Tony. It-it’s too-“
Everyone saw it, of course, and Steve flashed a worried glance towards Bucky, in Tony’s body. Bucky tried not to grimace and simply nodded, averting his gaze as quickly as possible. “I feel alright too. I think it’d be a waste of time. I mean, Thor said it’s not permanent and it’s
Bucky smirked and pushed himself up into a sitting position, resting back on his hands. “Thought I’d go for a bit of a run is all. Didn’t expect it to take quite so much outta’ me,” He laughed.
of you can’t-“
Steve felt himself tense and he tried very hard not to let his shoulders hunch or his body curl inwards in an attempt to hide. “I bring you coffee sometimes,” He mumbled, trying not to sound too petulant and failing.
It didn’t help that he’d had to spend the night on the sofa
“Bathroom’s right this way,” He announced and Bucky hesitantly stood up to follow.
“I know, I
for crushing on my best friend’s fella.”
at Tony. “That is
“It looks like the spell was reversed,” Steve said gently as Bucky propped himself up onto his metal arm to better survey them.
“It was my mother’s,” Tony interrupted his thoughts, his voice quiet, thoughtful and Bucky turned to look at him, startled.
Bucky barked out a laugh at that and shook his head incredulously. “You can-can’t be in love with me.
Steve frowned, looking down at his hands. “He just
-don’t finish that thought. I’m beggin’ you, Nat,” He told her, his eyes pleading with her.
Steve downright
Bucky swallowed hard and nodded, glancing down at the genius still trapped in his body. “Sorry...I know this must be really weird for you, Stevie,” Bucky murmured before taking a small sip of his coffee.
“So, you gonna’ freak out?” Natasha hedged.
Bucky and Tony fell, the soldier falling nearly on top of the genius, but thanks to Steve’s reflexes, he managed to catch Bucky before he crushed him. Natasha was hauling Tony towards her as she swooped in to catch him as well. Thor’s booming voice was resonating throughout the Tower as he called after his brother. But of course, Loki was already gone.
“I cannot say, but I do believe it would be in your best interest to leave as soon as possible.” For a split second, Tony can only think of the worst, but the thought leaves as quickly as it arrived. He peels off his dirty tee shirt and grabs one of his MIT sweaters lying on the stool. With a flick of his hand, the lights dim and all the projections disappear.
“Yeah, Tony Stark. Even though he’s Howards son, it isn’t as nearly as awkward as it sounds. It’s been almost ten years,” Bucky looks back at him. Behind his blank mask, Steve can see a small smile.
“I’ll give you a hundred kisses!”
Just as Tony opens up the door, a mass of limbs and curly hair slam into legs, almost knocking him over.
“I killed a lot of people. I tried to kill you. I-...I can’t remember, a lot. Why do you want to help me?” Bucky doesn’t make eye contact, hunching over like he’s expecting to be hit.
Before either of them can get a word out, Steve’s phone starts buzzing on the table. Steve sighs, grabbing it off the nightstand.
“Nat thinks that there’s an abandoned Hydra base that might have something we can positively ID him with. She only knows about him from the Red Room, but she does think that he had a life before Hydra,”
“That’s...great,”
“Who...you’re married?”
“Yeah, but I can tell you more about him later, just try to get some rest before Cho comes back,” Steve got off the bed, heading towards the door. Just as he got past the doorway, he turns back. “I’ll be right down the hallway if you need anything, but really, you can relax Buck. We’ll protect you, but you have to trust us.”
“I’ll give you a billion!”
“Only if you call,”
“That’s ok, I can help you pick one...what happened to your arm?” Steve cut in before Bucky could freak out about the question.
“Peter, this is one of my friends, Bucky. Buck, this is my son, Peter.” that causes Bucky to actually look at Peter, more intrigued than anything.
“He turned seven just last month,”
Peter is six.
“Why?” Steve hasn’t heard that voice in years, but he can still hear every conversation in his head.
Bucky shoves himself into the wall, pulling his knees to his chest and covering the back of his neck with his hands. Steve stands up, ready to block whoever bust in. The last thing he expects is Peter to run into his legs, climbing his way up to wrap his arms around Steve’s neck.
“I don’t- you, I don’t know. My memories are messed up and- and I can’t see things clearly, I can barely remember my own name...why do you want to help me?”
“Hey, bear, you want to say high to my friend?” Peter nods, looking a little less guilty than before. Steve helps him climb on top of the bed, sitting across from Bucky.
“Peter? What happened-”
“Well, then, Mr. Collector, what do I get in return for my son?” Peter gasps in his arms, clearly shocked by the betrayal.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sir, Peter is requesting assistance in the master bedroom,”
“A million?”
Peter is seven.
“He’s not Papa, he’s The Collector! He said that he collects little boys named Peter and he keeps them in his lair!”
“Maybe a kiss?” Peter cuts Tony off before he can respond.
“Daddy! You have to save me!” Tony lifts Peter up to his chest, looking around the room.
“Y-Yeah. I’m fine.” Steve turns back toward Peter.
The room is quiet; so quiet it makes Steve’s head hurt. He can’t stand the smell of bleach or the burning of the lights above. But, he stays. He sits there anyway, watching as his presumed dead friend rubs at the cuff marks on his wrists and picks at his scrubs.
“Papa! I was with Miss May and heard Doctor Cho say that you were back but Jarvis never said anything!”
“Well then,” Tony propped his chin on Steve’s chest. “Why don’t we have a nice dinner from our favorite takeout place with Peter, and then you can feed the leftovers to Barton when you go.”
“He got caught by some really bad people, but we’re gonna help him get better. Now, why don’t you go back to Miss May before she yells at us both, ok?”
“It’s true,” Steve says nonchalantly from the bed.
“Why what?”
“Penny for your thoughts?” Tony asked quietly.
“Hi, I’m Peter. My favorite color is red, what’s your favorite color?”
“Bring me up, J,” Jarvis drops him off at the penthouse without a word.
“Save you from what exactly?” Peter presses his face as close as he can to Tony’s ear, trying not to giggle as he whispers to his father. “The Collector? Is that Papa’s new name?”
“The guy that shot you?”
I’ll be gone for two weeks starting on Wednesday for camp without a phone, see ya later.
“That’s not fair Daddy!”
“Ok! Bye Papa, bye Mr. Bucky!” jumping off the bed, Peter ran back out of the room, leaving behind the two men.
“Clint and Nat are on their way back from Shield. She says that they got a lead somewhere in Berlin and that we should head out as soon as we can,”
On the bed, he sees Steve lying face up, his arms stretched all the way out and a smile lighting up his face.
“Sorry kiddo, but a deal’s a deal,” Tony, without warning, throws Peter onto the bed. Steve reacts instantly, pulling Peter onto his chest and squeezing him in his arms. Tony drops onto the bed next to Steve, watching as Peter struggles to get out of his father’s arms while attempting to muffle his giggles.
“Hey, Buck, everything is fine. Peter isn’t gonna hurt you,” after a minute of coaxing, Bucky slides back off the wall, sitting crisscrossed on the bed. “You good Buck?”
of gasping just then. He’d come down here to try and settle himself after the scene he’d stumbled upon. He had definitely not expected to find Steve in such a compromising position and seeing the blond all spread out on his bed, big hand wrapped tight around his cock as he jerked himself off was enough to have Tony’s body responding before he’d even fully digested the situation.
Bucky shifted, withdrawing his hand from his friend’s chest. He couldn’t help notice that Steve wore nothing more than a pair of sleep pants that were hanging
Tony let out a shaky breath at the sight of his lover and licked his lips, legs spreading wider in his seat in an attempt to make room for the growing problem in his jeans.
Still, he blushed anyway and Tony smiled, grey-blue gaze sliding along his body, adoring the light flush to his skin, the way his cock jumped at the soft praise. “Go on then,” Tony murmured, shifting minutely in his seat, spreading his legs in an attempt of his own to get more comfortable.
Tony eyed him warily for a moment before nodding hesitantly. “Uh…sure, can never say no to coffee. Why don't I come give you a hand?”
Tony frowned, shaking his head in his own brand of confusion and Steve blinked stupidly at him. “But you…don’t like coming down here, maybe it’s too sterile, smells weird? Or maybe it’s all the machines, the tech. That’s why you don’t come visit, right?”
Steve exhaled shakily and tried to give Bucky a reassuring smile, but it faltered when Bucky shook his head and said, “No you aren’t. You love Tony.”
Steve shifted uncomfortably and looked down at the still steaming latte on the counter and realized that he was actually going to have to do something about it. He winced a little and tried to think of an excuse and...couldn’t really. Instead, he shot off a message to Bucky to tell him it was alright and he’d see him when he got back. And a moment later when he’d pocketed his phone, he was about ready to start a staring match with the damned coffee and promptly decided he could do this.
on the other hand? Asked him
at this.”
Even a
and really, what more could Steve ask for other than for the man to be healthy and happy and okay, so, he was working on that aspect of his life, but Steve knew he would get there in time.
They were quiet for a while longer, only the sounds of the razor buzzing away and their quiet breaths filling the space between them. “Alright, that should be it. How’s that feel, Buck?”
at the command and Tony smirked, lips curling deviously as he watched his lovers cock jump against his belly, pre-come already glistening at the head.
He forced his gaze away when Tony huffed softly under his breath and Bucky just managed to catch sight of the growing bulge between Tony-
He knew that if he were to try and lie in his bed, he’d be thoroughly unable to distract himself from the two lying together in the opposite room…in the same bed…in his body, next to Steve…
Thor nodded, rising from his seat. “Of course, anything I can do to help.”
panic in a situation like this? Bucky outstretched his hands in front of him, both made of flesh and blood and he inhaled sharply, close to hyperventilating when he took in the sight of his frame. “Oh my God,” He breathed, his eyes widening in obvious shock.
So of course his anger left him in a rush when in the next moment he walked in and found Steve asleep on the sofa, no Tony in sight. His shoulders dropped and he felt like his strings had been cut at the sight of the man sleeping, face slack,
” Bucky denied and Tony barely resisted the urge to hang his head in frustration.
Steve’s face crumpled at his sudden withdrawal and Bucky couldn’t help wincing at the almost grief stricken expression he saw there. “
a library. He’d stumbled upon it rather early on during his stay and had taken a liking to coming here to relax and de-stress either with a good book or just to simply bask in the quiet.
Tony smirked at him and shook his head in amusement.
The huge smiles Steve and Tony broke into Bucky was sure would forever warm his heart. He let himself be swept up in their strong arms and soon enough they were lying in a tangled comfortable heap on the floor.
, are you okay?” It was Steve’s voice right next to his ear.
Tony hummed, shaking his head, but he wasn’t looking away from himself and Bucky tried not to squirm beneath his stare and
Steve rolled his eyes and huffed, “Yeah, I know. I really do want it to work out though...I just...I have no idea how to bring it up. I mean, I’ve not told him how just
Steve took a deep breath in, held it and then let it out slowly before taking a step towards the brunet. Tony was looking at him,
“ Steve tried and Tony dropped his hands from the man’s shoulders as Steve came closer. “I
“Thanks, Cap. You're the best,” Tony told him before taking a rather large sip of the steaming coffee and making adorably sweet yummy noises.
“I’m starting to look a little rough there,” Tony chuckled, touching his chin as if to emphasize his point and Bucky flushed, taking another sip of his drink.
“ He heard the blond whimper and Tony could hear the hitched breath he took next.
Bucky couldn’t accept that, not yet. Not even now, really. And when he had unceremoniously confessed to killing Tony’s parents right there in the damned hallway, backpack of his few meagre possessions slung over his good shoulder, Tony’s face had gone tight for the barest of nano-seconds and then he calmly blew out a breath and told him he knew that the Winter Soldier was the one responsible for the deaths of his parents and in the same vein, told him that there really was nothing to forgive him for because it wasn’t him. How could Tony forgive someone for something they simply didn’t do? It had been Hydra, pure and simple. According to Tony.
that Steve had found someone to be with and sure he had been incredibly surprised by that particular conversation. Finding out your once lover and best friend was dating a new man. Of course it was a bit of a shock and it fuckin’ hurt like hell, Bucky couldn’t deny it. But he consoled himself with the knowledge that if things ever went badly between the pair, he might be able to swoop in and be there for his friend and maybe, just maybe he’d have a chance to be with him the way he wanted to be once more.
in an attempt to distract himself for a while.
Tony sighed and reached up with his flesh and blood hand, pinching the bridge of his nose as he let his eyes drift shut. “I-I can’t sleep without my light,” He whispered.
Bucky shook his head in disbelief, “You two are unbelievable.”
Bucky nodded sharply and started towards the kitchen ignoring the way he could feel Tony’s gaze tracking along his frame. Soon the two were busy making chocolate chip pancakes and had a pot of coffee put on and it didn't take long for the smells of breakfast to draw out other Team members. The kitchen was promptly full of grumpy Avengers all in the search for coffee and sustenance.
“ Tony huffed, turning his gaze towards his chest of drawers. “I’ll grab you some clothes or-or you can pick some out if you want.”
“Uh…okay?” Bucky replied, swallowing down the lump in his throat.
He was honestly so
Bucky’s breath hitched, but he caught himself. He knew Tony didn’t mean it like that. So, he laughed instead, rolling his eyes at the man. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m a
. “What are you apologizin’ for?” Steve breathed, eyes wide, still panicked and now there was a lovely flush to his cheeks that was
When he pulled back from his task, he was surprised to find Steve looking up at him, a gentle smile on his face and his baby blues barely visible beneath his heavy lids. “
even if they’re things that aren’t exactly okay.
Bucky frowned, not understanding. He cocked his head a little and asked, “Your light?”
“Thanks,” Bucky said gruffly, still not looking at him. “But you don’t have to lie ta’me. I’m no Tony Stark, I know that.”
Tony huffed, shaking his head at Bucky’s obvious lie. “
, spreading his legs a little and Bucky did let out a tiny noise at that.
Not five-minutes later did Bucky really begin to question his life choices and how they’d led him to this moment. He was sitting as still as he possibly could…on Tony’s bathroom counter, hands planted on either side of the cool marble in an attempt to ground himself while Tony-while Tony…
Just when he managed to get his brain back online and
can’t. J-just, it’s fine, I’ll go take care of it, I just-“
sweetheart,” Tony consoled. “Tug on your balls, baby. I’m not ready for this to be over yet.”
Bucky sighed and stood, having witnessed the almost kiss and he was feeling a little conflicted at the moment. “Hmm, maybe I'll go take a nap or something. I'm kinda tired,” He said aloud, yawning a bit.
to see Tony. He just
“You know what…I think I need more coffee if I’m gonna’ make it through the day,” Bucky muttered with a shake of his head.
decided that we wanted to love you together. Well, it wasn’t exactly a decision I had much control over, and what I mean by that is, I never expected to fall in love with you.
Bucky finally felt like he could breathe again when Tony took a step back, eagerly waiting for his reaction, apparently. Bucky gently smoothed a hand over his face and blew out a breath as his fingertips encountered the now clean lines of Tony’s goatee and the soft smooth skin of his throat.
and that was all that mattered, was that he was here and whole and well.
Bucky bounced back a bit and nearly stumbled, Tony’s flesh and blood hand darting out to steady him, but Bucky just squirmed out of reach, shooting the man an apologetic look as he headed for the door, near on
Steve hummed, barely resisting the urge to say,
He braced himself, tried to check his anger and then pushed open the door.
but the
So, he thinks he’s doing pretty well with technology, in his own way.
He got to his feet and took a deep breath, clenching and releasing his hands as they balled into fists at his sides. “You can’t keep doing this, pal,” He breathed. “It ain’t right and no amount of you beating yourself up over it is going to fix things. You’re a person and you’re allowed to
He came, grip just the side of too-tight-not-enough and thrust his hips up, fucking into his fist pointedly as he coated his stomach, the warmth of his come nothing in comparison to the heat of his skin. Tony was moaning-
exasperated at this point. “I hate magic,” Bucky found himself muttering and Tony snorted inelegantly.
But then he remembered
Steve smirked and managed to get out of the way before he ended up on his back. “Oh stop it, you’re like children, I swear,” Steve huffed with a grin.
from across the hall. His eyes widened and he choked on his next breath, sitting bolt upright.
Bucky’s brows creased deeply and he watched Tony nervously, not really sure to say to that. That had not been what he was expecting at all. “Well?” Tony prompted.
, but Tony had never seen
“Here,” Tony announced as he came back into the living room with a pill in his flesh hand and a bottle of scotch in the other.
“Well, I don’t-“ Steve blurted, eyes wide and confused as Tony’s dark eyes met his.
, but he was so close.
,” He hummed and Steve smiled a little to himself as he pretended to be absorbed in one of the screens. “You’re really getting better at the whole latte art thing too.”
Tony trusted him enough to let him in if he was ever so inclined and Steve knew this.
He let his eyes roam across the expanse of muscle and took in the sight of the scarring around the metal device snugged deeply in his chest. He swallowed hard and reached up with his right hand to gently trace the metal edge of the device. He inhaled sharply as his fingertips caressed the skin where metal met flesh, goosebumps breaking out and racing like wildfire over what felt like his entire body. He was just so goddamn
” Steve said, way too patiently. “I am in love with you
and it’ll be closure for you, pal. Then you can get over them and you’ll tell them that you’re going to get over them because they deserve to be happy
worse,” Bucky confessed because in the grand scheme of things, how bad could this really be?
But then Tony was just
exasperated. “
Steve blinked…and could do
Bucky wasn’t sure how to move forward from this slightly awkward conversation, so he cleared his throat and tried another tactic. “I could uh…give you some of my clothes, if you want. I uh…well I know Steve tends to wear his shirts a little tight,” Bucky offered, a lopsided tilt to his lips as he let himself look at his own body and the way he was stretching out the grey t-shirt rather obscenely.
Steve smiled quietly as he watched the pair before Tony glanced over at him and took in the sight of the cup of coffee. “Is that for me?” He asked, reaching out and making grabby hands for the cup.
Tony’s eyes narrowed a touch-
Bucky didn’t say anything,
in front of him, but it was still
Natasha glanced over at him and nodded. “Could be a lot worse, I suppose,” She sighed.
Steve positively
Natasha sighed and patted his thigh, “Any idea when you two are going to finally have that talk with him?”
Tony let out a startled squeak as Steve kissed
Steve nodded, “Sounds good. I'll see you later.”
He frowned, wondering if he was having a bad dream or something, but his face remained peaceful…and then he shivered again. Bucky stood, not thinking much of it. Steve was clearly cold, his shoulders only covered by his thin t-shirt and Bucky could fix that. He walked over quietly and gently lifted the edge of the blanket draped around his middle and carefully tugged it up to pull it over his friends shoulders.
“You’re an idiot,” Tony muttered but he was smiling, grinning actually and before Steve had a moment to get his thoughts in order, Tony was kissing him.
Well, it was enough to have them both feeling stretched thin.
He hadn’t had a headache in so damn long. He frowned, rubbing at his temple a little harder than perhaps strictly necessary. “I said,
Loki chuckled darkly and shook his head. “Oh, but I haven't done anything yet. Steve and I had a bit of a chat and I’d hardly call that productive.
Tony shifted, glancing away from the way Bucky was stretching in
Bucky to be there with him and the fact that he couldn’t have that was a painful ache in his chest, made his next breath in a bit of a struggle. He found himself whimpering, eyes nearly shutting in his moment of weakness, but he managed to keep them open the barest amount, gaze heavy lidded as he focused on Tony, Bucky’s body, the sound of his best friend’s voice, Tony’s words.
Steve shrugged, “Nothing substantial. He’s actually just gone to get cleaned up and we were gonna’ grab a bite to eat. Want to join us?”
and he-“
There was a curiously fond glimmer in Tony’s dark brown eyes and Steve tried not to let himself get lost in their depths as he held out the coffee in offering. Tony turned to face him fully and Steve waited-
wasn’t wearing a shirt either.
Bucky glanced to him and watched as Tony took a sip of his drink and had to look away from his own face and distract himself with a sip of his own. “It’s weird, isn’t it?” Tony murmured and Bucky swallowed the mouthful he’d taken, savouring the beautiful smooth burn of it.
Bucky exhaled shakily, unable to look away from the genius. “And I told him that I would step aside if it meant the two of you could be together-“
Steve was shaking his head before he’d even finished speaking. “That-that’s not why I don’t come down here, Tony,” Steve said gently and Tony’s brow furrowed.
After about ten-minutes of this he managed to pull himself together enough to slip into his bathroom. As soon as he caught sight of himself in the mirror, he groaned. His eyes roamed over the body before him and he struggled to keep his breathing even and his thoughts out of the gutter.
Bucky smiled softly and nodded, following him to his drawers and they spent a few minutes grabbing him some pants and shirts, some pyjamas too. Tony’s gaze strayed around the private space of the man’s bedroom while Tony idly put together several articles of clothing for him to wear. It was opulent, surely, but tasteful and far more lived in than the rest of the space he’d seen so far,
He knew he was going out on a limb here, putting himself out there but if he didn’t do it now, would he ever?
Neither seemed to know how to break their little stare-off but thankfully Steve seemed to pick up on the slight struggle and jerked his thumb over his shoulder towards the mats. “Did you want to spar for a bit, Tony?”
“ Steve said, tone pleading and the genius’ mouth clamped shut with a barely audible clack.
over Steve’s body, adoring the light flush to his pale skin.
, that Bucky had no choice but to meet his gaze and he…he looked
Steve’s eyes widened nearly comically so, his jaw dropping open slightly in disbelief, “
-“ Bucky breathed, stumbling
,” Steve confessed and in that moment, three things happened.
entirely caught off guard as Steve pulled him down on top of him. He squirmed uncomfortably as Steve’s arms wound tight around him and before Bucky could get out more than a, “
Tony’s eyes-
Tony and Bucky had barely said two words to each other since their initial conversation in the living room and the rest of the Team seemed to notice that Bucky was a little off this morning as well. So they let him be. It happened often enough that no one wished to provoke the man. If he wanted to talk, he would. He never did though.
Bucky nodded and sighed deeply, reaching up to pinch the bridge of his nose. “Could be worse, a
went and fell in love with you too and Steve and I knew that we would tell you eventually and
And that was
sorry-“
Bucky shrugged and then slowly nodded. “Yep, probably the minute I’m alone and happen across a mirror. So, if you hear me screaming or flipping my shit, please come and save me from myself. The last thing I want to do is hurt Tony’s body or something equally as stupid.”
Bucky didn't even make it until 2pm before he was passed out on the couch, his head tipped back and snoring softly into the room. Clint shook his head, “Barely even got an hour out of him before he passed out.” Clint told Steve as the blond walked into the room.
. He knows what happened and yet he’s still restricting some of my access because of stupid protocols. Took me an hour just to get into the suit schematics, which, just
Bucky couldn’t find the words, nor the ability to breathe for several long seconds, but Tony hadn’t noticed, too busy watching as Tony shifted and leaned over the vanity to pick up a bottle of cologne, something that clearly belonged to him that had been sitting on the table on a small glass mirrored plate. It had been sitting amongst three other bottles of what looked like women’s perfume, but Tony could tell simply by the colour and design of the bottle that this was a man’s cologne.
Bucky could vaguely hear people yelling around him, but he felt so tired all of a sudden
-” Tony quickly stuttered out.
Bucky swallowed thickly and Tony merely blinked,
“I’m sorry,” He blurted and Tony stilled before slowly bringing his gaze back up to meet Bucky’s. “I-I know you wouldn’t lie to me, I just…I don’t know why I said that.”
Thor seemed to deflate a little, bright eyes shifting from Tony to Bucky…back to Tony again…and then Bucky…and then surprisingly…
there too. Wanted the three of them tangled up in bed together, limbs thrown over one another in a haphazard mess. He wanted soft sighs and languid moans and warm mornings and bright laughter. He wanted sweet kisses and passionate kisses, hungry and needy kisses and he wanted hugs, so many damn hugs.
“To be able to see yourself like this. Even if it’s not entirely me. I am a narcissist after all, so of course I’m getting a kick out of this,” He snickered and Bucky glanced away, feeling the man’s gaze like a brand on his skin;
Bucky reeled slightly in surprise and watched as the red-head looked him over. “Seriously, Barnes? This is pretty amazing, not gonna lie.”
hands were tangling in his dark locks and drawing his face closer to his own.
, he was hard pressed not to do something about his hard-on.
, he could hear Steve coming out of the bedroom calling after him apologizing and it was
It was beautiful, perfect and everything Bucky could ever want, ever even hope to dream and it was
Steve lifted his gaze then and Bucky’s gaze softened, seeing the glistening of tears held there. “He knew that I was in love with you, Buck.”
Well, that’s not entirely true. He can brew coffee just fine, can even grind the coffee beans himself and not make a mess. But the espresso side of things? Okay, so, to be fair, the
say anything. Did he always look that terrifying when he was angry? It was no wonder people tended to give him a wide berth. “You don’t have’ta lie to me,” Bucky repeated, quiet, words stilted.
Steve turned to meet his gaze and gave him a dazzling smile and for just a moment, Bucky let himself believe that that smile was really meant for him and not for the genius the blond was madly in love with. He inwardly shook himself and strode towards his friend and Steve’s gaze softened a little, obviously noting the clothes Bucky was wearing were too big for the genius’ body. “He had fun at least…though it was more about me making sure he didn’t break too much stuff,” He confessed.
“It’s wrong, Tony. You’re-he’s-you’re in
, who was panting, breathing roughly as he shuddered hard, that damned metal hand pressing and rubbing at his cock over his jeans and Steve watched, entranced as his hips bucked up as if of their own accord and oh
was coming-and Steve
Clint cackled evilly. Well, so much for hiding the bit of fun he’d had in the shower, even if it had been tainted with guilt. Steve was looking at him with a bit of a nervous smile and his cheeks were slightly flushed and Bucky realized that he needed to get the fuck out of there, like
“Yeah,
things to him. He swallowed thickly and turned his head away from the sight of him. “Alright, well…thanks for the clothes…and the shave,” He cleared his throat and went to pick up the bundle of clothes Tony had left on the dresser.
Bucky left the apartment in a rather mad dash to escape and Tony was left floundering in the living room when Steve came barrelling in looking dishevelled and flushed,
” And it was Tony, Bucky’s voice but so entirely
Steve kissed him and it was so perfect, so wonderfully sweet and tender and Bucky crumbled, letting the tears fall as Steve practically pulled him into his lap, Bucky’s mismatched hands flying out to rest against the blond’s chest so that he didn’t topple over.
Natasha chuckled softly and sighed and then Tony called over to the pair, “What do you two want for dinner later? Think we can convince everyone to get Chinese?”
, Tony. Not
Bucky’s next breath got trapped in his lungs. “What?” And
“Scoot up, lay on the pillows and make yourself more comfortable, darling,” Tony murmured and Steve’s breathing hitched.
The others had given them a bit of space and Bucky really couldn’t fault them for it. Bucky felt like he was hanging on by a thread and Tony, although seemed to be fairing rather well, Bucky could tell that he was just as upset by the whole thing. And now with this thing about a possible
See, the Team was well aware of the fact that Bucky was in love with Steve, had been in love with him since the 30’s and although he had never explicitly told them, they sort of just figured it out on their own. He was also pretty sure Steve had never told them what Bucky and he were to each other, once upon a time. He didn’t know about whether or not Tony knew though, thought it might explain
He’d started off slow, stroking himself slowly, hand and cock still hidden beneath his sweatpants, but it didn’t take long for him to tire of that. He shoved his pants down, just enough to bare himself and then just a touch further-he liked to look at Tony’s thighs, okay?-and then rucked up his shirt nearly to his armpits…just in case things got a little messy.
“ Bucky apologized, scrambling back inelegantly from his friend’s lap and Steve let him, nearly taking a knee to the groin as Bucky hastily got up.
Steve blinked, hands dropping to his sides. “Pardon?”
he thought, panic seeping into his very bones.
Clint grinned. “You
And Steve now had a
Steve frowned and then Bucky was striding towards the genius with purpose. He reached out and placed a hand on Tony’s flesh and blood shoulder and gave him a small smile. “Just admit that age is just a number.”
Steve laughed, “He does like his coffee. Anyway, I’m gonna’ grab a shower and then I’ll meet you downstairs?”
-as he let Tony decide if he was going to take it from him or make Steve set it down today.
Surrounded by holographic screens in blue and silver, bathed in that light blue glow of the dozens of screens he had up around him, wearing nothing but a thin black tank-top, a pair of blue jeans that had seen better days and a shockingly red pair of his treasured
beautiful and I just-“
Steve smiled and soon they were arguing over what to order for dinner. Not long after, the rest of the Team came down to join them and once dinner had been decided upon, they ordered and settled in to watch a couple of movies together.
Steve vaguely heard the sound of the coffee mug shattering against the floor but neither made a move to pull away from one another right then. Tony’s lips were so damn
. What the fuck had he been thinking when he’d agreed to this?
“You’re so fucked,” Bucky muttered to himself, unable to stop from continuing to pleasure himself.
an asshole,” Tony scolded and Bucky laughed, finally having stopped the abuse.
He trailed off and Steve blinked, baffled. “I-that’s not-“
happy, t
Bucky frowned the attempt to distract, “Yeah, but…what’s wrong? You look all tense. Is the arm botherin’ you?”
he’d come into the bathroom in the first place; to shower. He huffed out an exasperated breath and scrubbed his hand over his face, grimacing when he realized he had been expecting the coolness of the metal hand instead of the warm fleshy one. He groaned even louder at that and quickly turned away from the mirror. If he was really going to shower, then he needed to not look at himself while he undressed.
Tony snorted and looked down at himself and Bucky felt himself flush lightly at the way his gaze seemed to darken at the sight. “Nah, I’m good,” Tony told him and Bucky didn’t know what to do with the fact that the man was now looking up at him through his lashes.
“Yeah, yeah. Well, I think Stevie here’s got us both beat,” Bucky teased, grinning evilly as he tried to trip the blond and get him on the mat.
Steve took a stumbling step backwards, but Tony didn’t give him an inch before he was stepping into the blond’s space and pouting sweetly. “Don’t be like that, pal-“
Steve and Natasha just rolled their eyes and shook their heads at the man but Bucky just looked apologetic. “I’m sorry the arm is giving you so much trouble, Tony. Is there anything I can do to help?” Bucky asked in earnest.
” Bucky asked, looking between Steve and Tony.
“He loves
Bucky tensed up instantly, the whimpering ceasing as he realized they weren’t alone. Tony was sitting up beside Steve, the soft blue glow of his Arc Reactor illuminating his worried features in the darkened room. He wasn’t wearing a shirt…and they were in Steve’s bed-
Before he’d realized it, his feet had carried him to the workshop two floors down and half a world away or so it seemed to him. He always felt so far removed from the place, this safe space Tony had created for himself. Not many people had access to the workshop and Steve wasn’t stupid enough to think that the fact he had access wasn’t a
” Tony announced, shifting to face Bucky better. “Bucky, you don’t seem to be getting this, so I’m going to paint a little picture here, alright?”
“That’s it,” Tony whispered, tongue darting out to wet his lips and Steve whimpered, hips shifting up from the bed.
Well, they’d caught on and his friends had all seemingly conspired against him. Now they
He huffed and shook his head, hands dropping from his temple. “
rub it for me?” Tony asked and if Bucky could see him right now, he’d definitely realize that the genius wore a puppy dog face worthy of rivalling even that of Steve Rogers.
Tony hummed and sidled up beside him, cup of coffee raised to hover near his lips and Steve tried not to think about how he could see how his first sip had left them wet and pink with warmth.
Steve was watching the two with a furrow between his brows and Bucky’s frown deepened. “Age is just a number, Tony. You’re only as old as you feel and lemme’ tell ya’-I don’t exactly feel old after a run like that. Sure, a bit tired, but I still feel pretty damn good,” Bucky explained, stretching and rolling his shoulders.
“Bye,” Tony said quickly, about to yeet his whole body into the car but then he stopped. His heart lurched and he desperately wanted something more than words from Cap. He turned to Steve and then leaned up, kissing him chastely on the lips, “Catch you later.”
The blond turned, “A suit.”
“Oh my god.”
Tony hadn’t even realized he’d had his eyes shut. He opened his eyes and looked up at the other man, not sure if he wanted Steve to slam him into a wall or if he wanted to run away, his thought processing power was pretty much gone. All he could do was stare at Steve’s lips and feel those powerful, large biceps under his own palms. He licked his lips and then gulped in some of that charged air between them.
Over the harsh rain, the only sound heard was the men groaning, shifting, or cursing at them in what sounded like French. Natasha came over too him panting. Her hat was gone and she was covered in white powder down one side. She was clutching her right arm and smirking at him.
Steve gestured with a hand, “It was really nice.”
“I’m not having second thoughts at all,” Steve’s voice was even. The way he said those last two words went straight to his dick.
Steve glanced at the snowfall out of the window. “I don’t know, it doesn’t look that bad,” he said.
“Mhm, yeah…” he said, moving their hips together of his own accord because the feeling of Steve’s member inside him was just too good. “A big one…”
“He’s already at the front door, Sir. My system urges me to insist you to at least find out what he is here for.”
Steve did get the hint, or maybe he was impatient too, and really began to work Tony’s ass. He began stretching out Tony’s bottom like a pro, and suddenly Tony was very certain he’d done this before. His suspicion faded to something like joy when Steve made it a point to drag his fingers nice and slow over the swell of his prostate with each movement. Oh, fuck yes...He couldn’t take it anymore, he needed it now.
people beg to differ…Have you even been on the internet?”
“He’ll be fine,” Steve encouraged, kissing Tony’s temple and watching Peter drive around. “He’s a better driver than you are.”
Tony turned a corner and his eyes went wide. He blinked once or twice to make sure what he was seeing was real and he wasn’t just straight up dying or something.
Tony frowned as he watched the man (Was he even old enough to be called a man?) run along the beach and kick up sand. This dude was one of
Steve’s fingers guided Tony’s chin up so their lips could meet in a light kiss. Tony tilted his head and kissed him back, pressing harder than Cap was. He pulled away, huffing, and then stood up and crawled in bed. Cap joined him when Friday dimmed the lights. Tony felt a pair of big arms wrap around him, pulling him into being the little spoon. He’d allow it, since it felt so good having his best friend and lover’s body up against him like this. He did end up sleeping much better.
, and he was surprised that Thor absolutely loved it—so much that he often used
Quill turned, smirking and scratched his (out of control) facial hair. “Thor? You awake, bud?”
“It’s 1 AM, Sir.”
“I know,” he said, sipping some tea and trying to calm down. After some discussion of other related material, Tony stood to go to bed. Cap followed him. They hadn’t been sleeping in the same bed together, but they had had sex one more time since the breakfast date. It was good, and it had been just as fast (a little too fast seeing as how they were both way too lonely for their own good). As of late, Tony hadn’t been very affectionate. His mind was so hyper-focused on other things, and he knew Cap was just as distracted. He checked on Peter, who was sleeping like a figurative bug-in-a-rug.
“He’s not 21 yet, Thor. He turns 21 in August. Maybe one, but that’s it,” Tony shook his head.
Thor looked at him and then just started belly-laughing, grabbing a healing tab—a type of pill they’d jacked off of some Kree militia—and tossed it to him. This wasn’t exactly new for them. Ever since getting Thor, they all got hurt a lot less. However, Quill still managed to get hurt more than all of them, even with the god at his side. Quill chewed one of the chalky tabs, wincing in pain as his shoulder and leg throbbed. He was actually leaking a lot of blood through his pants and jacket. Nebula came over to help him take off some items of clothing, shaking her head and giving Quill water. “Can I trust you two with nothing?”
Steve did that thing where he turned but when he looked up to meet Bucky’s eyes his eyebrows went up too. “Yeah, Buck?”
I really hope you like it. These are my favorite characters of all-time right here folks. Don't hesitate to let me know how you feel and if I've done them justice.
“Yeah, for sure. I didn’t even finish elementary school. The kid’s a genius,” Star-Lord said, nodding his head. “Love that little dude.” After the Peters argued for hours about pop culture, they did discover that they had more in common than either of them could have ever known. And as they slowly starved to death, they’d become very good friends. Quill would die for that kid any day, and Peter had started thinking of him like a big brother. His superhero family was the only family Parker had left. Even if his older brother was now a bum from space. And his older sister wasn’t even human. “Welp,” Quill slapped the table, startling Thor into jerking awake again. “Time to hit the ol’ dusty trail. Got shit to hock! Yes!”
Steve met his eyes as he chewed. He swallowed before replying, “Doesn’t really matter. Maybe one or two. I’d like a boy and a girl.”
Steve physically leaned back and his lips parted. “Bucky,” he warned.
This chapter is dedicated to my friend BeenAsleepFor70Years!
“Welcome home Peter. Welcome back Mr. Rogers.”
“Yeah, actually.”
“This is too fast.”
The blond looked over at him and shrugged, “Nah. Thought I’d show him a good time. I miss him too. We did eat bad food though, that’s on me. Steak ‘n Shake just sounded good.”
Steve’s cheeks seemed vaguely pink as Tony kept talking. “Look, I’m not ready to date either, I get it. But, you will be one day. Why don’t you let me teach you? It’ll be instructive. Besides. I’m bored.” Maybe this was just crazy enough to work.
Waves crashed as water slid beneath his board, sending him along like he was gliding on a cloud. He was a master of his surfboard—a veteran surfer—and knew just when to turn or lean. It wasn’t the sunniest of days, but it wasn’t raining. Surely, he couldn’t expect more. Urging himself closer to shore, he sighed, enjoying the sun on his back and the wind in his face.
Cap shook his head, knowing what he meant, “Not that I know of.”
“No.”
Mr. Rogers looked down at him with a pleasantly surprised expression. “Peter, hi. How are you?”
“I don’t know, Sir.”
He blinked, “What? You kissed me, bastard,” Star-Lord put his hands on his hips, gesturing wildly with a hand but having no words to say.
“Mhhm…?”
He pulled his mouth back and started sucking and licking the head only, pumping Steve’s length in a tight grip that nearly had the other man whining. By the breathy way that Steve was breathing, he could tell the head must have been his favorite, so he kept it up, sucking and pumping until Steve moaned and his hand flew into Tony’s hair.
“Oh, yes I love it how that still works. Live in fear,” Stark said, scritch-scratching his beard with a sly look.
Bucky stayed and then smirked, “I knew you liked him.”
Steve looked at them both and nodded. “Yeah. We are. We’re trying it out. There’ll be a second date soon.” For a man over six feet tall he sure seemed smaller when his expression was that cute. Bucky grinned.
Cap laughed quietly in the soft lighting of the floor. They were both standing near his office door. His bedroom was quite a ways down the hall. “You know, dates haven’t changed that much at all since the 1940s.”
Steve wasn’t blatantly ogling him, but he swore it looked like the other man was staring at the beads of cooling sweat on his neck and forehead. Those blue eyes flicked down for just a moment at his body and then went innocently to a nearby painting.
“So I have to ask, you’re still gonna be Spider-Man, right Peter?” Steve asked as he opened the door for the kid, finally arriving at the restaurant.
“Yes!” Thor turned to him, grinning and slapping a fist on his own leg. “She travelled with me and the Warriors Three! She is a feared Asgardian, and one of my mighty friends that helped me protect the realms. Loki told me he’d banished her and hadn’t heard from her since. She’s been presumed to be dead after all of…well you know…Anyway, she’s alive, I can’t believe it,” he said, voice filled with joy. Quill smirked, nodding and shrugging.
He heard a man to his left and ducked just in time for the man’s fist to graze his hair. He turned around, grabbing the man’s arm and throwing him into a boarded window so aggressively that the board splintered and caved in. The man was half in the window and half out. Between he and Nat, the place suddenly became deadly silent in less than ten minutes.
“Tony.”
He nodded, already wanting to go back to Avengers HQ. “Get that all the time.” He felt and looked like shit and hadn’t shaven in a few days, it wouldn’t surprise him if he lost a Tony Stark look-alike contest right now. For good measure he hid near a hallway, pulling up his Avenger emergency locator on his phone. It would tell him where Steve was. Jesus, he was used to this sort of thing, but how was Steve handling this? The actual Captain America? Poor guy, modern mixers are just an excuse to get drunk and smash.
“It seems he’s a few floors below you at the event this evening.”
“I know, I know. I just, gosh, this is just so big. I really want to impress them!”
“Feels like it.” He rubbed his face and looked outside. There was a lot of activity happening at ground level but he didn’t really care. As long as that activity didn’t come up here. He heard Sam snoring quietly.
“God! I fuckin’ love the 80s stuff on this thing. Yes,” he shrugged his shoulders in time with the beat, pressing his lips into a fine line and looking genuinely kind of silly. “How can you not like this Nebula? It’s a masterpiece.” He shimmied his way backward in his socks, nodding his head melodically as he ripped open a candy package. He chewed on one of the long pink straws, offering one to Nebula.
“I’ll be right back,” he said, kissing her once more and then jogging to the stairs. He didn’t really like elevators, and he always had a lot of energy to burn. His mind vaguely wondered if Steve always had this much energy as he tried to get the thoughts of Natasha’s gaze out of his brain before he showed up downstairs with an embarrassing accessory.
Gravelly, Steve said, “You, just you Tony. I hate when you carry me.”
Tony followed the phone up a few stories before it pinged behind a wall. So, Steve or just Steve’s phone were a little farther.
The time away had not been kind to her either of them. Even though she was all smile and laughs and joy, her body told a different story. The woman had choppy short hair, barely an inch and half long. Her muscles were much more prominent than your average woman, and she was cut and battered in some places. She had a large scar going across her lips, and her clothes were war-torn. She had on a set of armor that looked like it was harvested from about four or five different non-matching sets of armor and she was nearly as tall as Thor.
Steve ate a bite and said, “Someone was trying to get about a dozen Ultron drones working again. They’d bought them on the black market somewhere in Europe. It was a quick thing once Banner and I busted in there. I was kind of surprised he was willing to help this time, you know with how popular he’s gotten.”
“Yeah, it sure is. I’ve taken the liberty of hiring quite a few people to get you started so the building doesn’t fall apart. The scientists you hired are already working on that silica panel research and oof—” Stark got a massive hug from Peter, so hard he could barely breathe but he just grinned and hugged him back. “You’re welcome.”
Peter frowned and nodded, jutting out his lower jaw a bit, “That’s cool, that’s cool. When’s he uh, done with all that?”
time. Just as the pair really got jamming, she noticed their message signal was beeping. Quill was off in his own world, mouth full of Gears Shift brand gummy straws, dancing in his socks and undershirt. It was how he dealt with things. He’d even packed on quite a few pounds from sadness-eating. God, he was pathetic but she still managed to like him.
“You wanna know what I want?” Tony said in a smooth way, palm still moving over Rogers’ hard member. “I want this,” he squeezed Steve through his jeans, earning a moany-rasp. “In me. Sound simple? You’ll love it, promise.” He thought his words would turn Steve into a blushing bride or something but instead it just made the other man’s brows furrow and he grabbed Tony by the back of the head and kissed him, moaning into the kiss as his cock was squeezed again. Tony grinned, pushing Cap flat back on the bed so that he could press their hips together and just
“Wow, the first of many, Happy!” Peter hopped up, grinning with excitement and pacing. “Oh man, I wonder if I can get that translator working by the time the conference in Berlin happens.”
He didn’t know if he could ever get a taste of that life Nat was always telling him to get, but at least he could experience it secondhand by being a part of Tony’s life again. It turned out, not everyone had to be miserable.
“No. It was his idea. I made the mistake of telling him I’d never been on a proper date. He decided it was his duty, so I let him.”
“Bucky,” Nat said, quietly. The sound of rain was loud wherever she was. “I see crates. You should get in here. You can get to me by…” she began explaining her position to him. He followed her directions and soon he saw her lovely figure squatted in front of him. They were both wearing tactical black gear, not leather or anything glowing. She was low, right near a blown out window.
“Where?”
Tony’s chest felt heavy. “Rogers,” he chuckled once, shaking his head. “You are.” Tony wondered if there was some dissonance happening with what Cap wanted and what his 1940s expectations told him were appropriate. “Unless you’re having second thoughts?”
Cap was rubbing circles in the middle of Tony’s back, and walked him down to Tony’s basement apartment. Cap followed him in, sitting on the corner of the brunet’s bed and just watching him.
He laughed and then stood, grabbing her by her waist and snatching her to him. “Respect your elders,” he growled, squeezing her sides.
Steve nodded, “Okay. Let me walk you out.”
“Oh,” Peter said. Tony’s suit receded back into his chest piece. He pulled his glasses out of a pocket and just shook his head slowly. Peter could tell he was worried and beyond angry, he was too, but mostly because they all could have died. And someone did, he felt so guilty he couldn’t save their stewardess. She’d been his stewardess for over three years, and he had really adored her. His mind was still trying to process the whole thing. It was rare they were ever in dark about anything. It didn’t help that the Avengers were pretty scattered right now with everyone off on important missions, so only Rhodey was able to come with Tony when they made their emergency exit.
“I’m calling it now, it’s gonna make your ass look great.”
He turned to her with a little cup of espresso in one hand, and mouthful of chicken. He mumbled, “Were these for something special,” while continuing to eat them.
Steve watched him, his super-soldier brain somehow keeping up with his words. He was proud of him. The kid was a living testament that the new generation was going to be better, smarter, and different even after all that had happened. Steve was glad to see it. As he sat watching him his mind drifted slowly to the man who’d fallen asleep upstairs. He and Tony had had a bit to drink last night, and one of them wasn’t exactly a super soldier. They’d stayed up all night trying as hard as possible not to talk about things before the Snap. They’d laughed together. He’d seen that friendly-vulnerable side of Tony that he didn’t know he’d missed so much after all these years. He could tell Tony’d missed him too, and for the first time since Thanos, things felt something close to great.
“I see. Well Tony, I had a great time.”
Steve got so that his legs were in between Tony’s. Tony lifted his legs so they were around Steve’s lower waist. The blond just stared down at him for a second with his lips slightly parted, looking focused and incredibly turned on. Steve leaned down and kissed him, reaching between them and using his hands to put himself into position. He found his mark, slowly pushing the head of his member against Tony’s rim. Stark reached up and wrapped his arms around Steve, rubbing up and down his muscular back, kissing him hungrily. Steve’s shirt had fallen back down, but he didn’t care at the moment, as long as he could feel his warm muscles.
“Whatever,” she hissed, standing and washing Quill’s blood off of her hands. Thor was useful when he actually got off of the couch and helped them. She was thankful he at least contributed, even if he was hammered 90% of the time. His hair was still long and his beard was still nuts, but she beat him with tools if he didn’t bathe, so at least their ship didn’t stink (anymore).
Cap reached up and took off his helmet as if Stark’s comment reminded him he’d been wearing it. Softly he said, “You.”
“And cheese?” Bucky said, crossing his arms.
Peter blew air out of his lips and then just shrugged, “I was going to ask if you wanted to go out for a morning milkshake if you were still awake. But, I’ll let you go back to bed. It’s fine, it’s just…different. We can talk about it more later.”
There was something magical about eating breakfast with Steve while they watched snow cover the lake outside. It was lovely, and probably a much better date than getting sweaty at a park. Steve was beautiful in his washed jeans and socks. It wasn’t the date he would have chosen, but it was nice anyway. Rogers was a such a giant sap. He watched as the man ate his pancakes—he was such a hungry guy—and then got more. He wished he could focus on the conversation, or eating, but the only thing he could really focus on was the way Steve’s lips curved around that fork. The way his eyes would warm when they looked at him. Or maybe even the way his biceps flexed when he brought his cup to his mouth. It had been years since Tony had slept with anyone, and fuck if this man’s very presence wasn’t like holding a burger over a starving man.
“Anything I can do to help?”
“Of course not. I’m fine,” he said, knowing that if he were to turn his head it would be so simple to just kiss Steve. He could kiss him. He was right there, he could feel his breath warming the side of his neck and shoulder.
He shouted, activating the thrusters on his suit after wrapping an arm around Happy’s big waist, flying straight toward the front half of the plane. Happy held onto him tighter as he yelled at Karen to increase power, flying hard and fast toward the cabin. With the special vision tech through his mask, he could see the captain was alive, strapped to his chair, the sudden force had probably knocked him out.
“Oh, yeah, it’s great. You should try it sometime. Since when did you become Captain slacker?”
“Good.”
“Hey, Rhodey. Home, why?” That is, the New Avengers Facility.
“Thanks, Friday. Oh, Tony, hey,” Steve threw a (frankly cute as fuck) smile his way and did that one-sided smirk thing that used to make his arc reactor feel like it wasn’t doing its job.
Steve was dressed in jeans, winter boots, a dark navy sweater, and a brown bomber jacket. Jesus he was always looked so good, like the clothes he wore were made for his body specifically. It didn’t help that he had pink-chilled cheeks. His hair was styled like it used to be in 2012, and he looked as youthful as ever. He looked just plain cute. He was surprised he didn’t turn up in plaid again like a freaking baby boomer.
“Peter Benjamin Parker.”
“Hey, I know,” Bucky said, tone friendly. “What’s wrong?”
That made Steve chuckle so hard Stark knew his pecks would be bouncing if they weren’t bound by red, white, and blue. Steve pulled Tony’s legs up and around his waist. Stark was completely pantsless, so Cap just walked away from the discarded clothing to the couch, holding Tony to him tightly. Tony loved it that he could throw him around like a ragdoll. “You’re ridiculous,” Steve huffed.
“It was just a date, Buck. It went really well. We ate dinner, saw a show…danced,” Steve’s eyes took on this almost dopey-cute look at the memory. Oh no. Bucky had seen that before.
For those of you that may not remember, Nat can't have kids!
“Peter, you have class in 24 hours. You’ve got to work on your thesis. Berlin’s not for months.”
Cap chuckled, kissing him with tongue and gently continuing to move their hips together. He ran a hand through Stark’s sweaty hair, cupping Tony’s face and smiling down at him with adoration. It made Stark blush and look away like they hadn’t just done the nasty in the most publicly used area of the penthouse.
When his eyes had adjusted and he really looked around, he noticed Steve wasn’t in here. That was weird.
“Rogers!”
“What? But you know you are Captain
“How was it? Your first time?”
“Absolutely.”
through 3
“For fuck’s sake. At least talk to people who aren’t crying at a support group. Make some new friends, you’re miserable.”
Peter threw his arms away from his sides, palms up. “What!? Of course! I just gotta learn how to do my day job first. Are you gonna stop being Captain America!?”
For about three minutes there was a heavy, awkward silence filled only by the sound of Peter’s thumbs tapping on his phone.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Darlin’ for so long, you and I been findin’ each other for long,” he shimmied backward and forward, “And the feelin’ that I feel for you is more than strong, girl, take it from me—” he turned to grab the remote just as he caught sight of Thor just standing there and watching him. How long had he been there? He never really felt embarrassed for singing, but something about Thor’s look irritatedly made him feel sheepish, “What? Gibb’s the man.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve let go of his hips, Tony could see Cap swallow as he did so, “Yeah. I’d like that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you for reading this chapter, I hope you liked it.
Also, krykor is a substance I just made up. I think space would definitely have some substances just as cool as vibranium.
Instead of responding, Steve just looked at him and said, “That’s the first time I’ve ever heard him call you ‘Dad.’”
“…and so that is why today, I’m asking you to join us in making a difference. What can you do to help make the world a better place for yourself, your kids, their kids, and everyone that comes after? What can you do to be a part,” he paused for effect as a giant image slowly appeared behind him on the screen. “…of the solution?”
It was also really nice to have Peter home in Avengers HQ. Everyone had missed him. Tony missed him so much it hurt, and he was right here. Steve kept giving him little looks across the table, and Tony did find them comforting. They had been dating for a few weeks now, and it was nice. He’d also forgotten how good it was to spend time with the only other people on the planet who cared about him, go figure.
Steve licked his lips, running a hand through his hair and nodding with vigor, “It’s perfect.” After their drinks, another song came on. This one was a bit slower. Tony was still trying to come to terms with the flip-flops his heart was doing when Steve took his hand and led him back out to the dance floor. He took Tony by the waist and used it to pull him close. This proximity and closeness was making Tony’s heart thud in his ears. He was unable to make eye contact with the other man, and looked down and to the side, focusing on anything other than those perfect blue eyes. There wasn’t much quick movement or spinning. It was just slow and agonizingly romantic.
Tony blinked really feeling like a piece of shit suddenly for cock-blocking poor Steve and feeling jealous on top of that. Maybe the poor guy really was a 100 year-old virgin, and he didn’t know what it was like to love without a war or he’d never gotten to express his sexuality or something. It was actually really sad.
“Yeah, I’ll take some. Let me get it.” Steve stood and began to divvy their portions, looking up when he turned to grab something and seeing a picture of Howard Stark on a shelf near the sink. Tony caught him looking at it and crossed his arms.
Friday warned Tony a cop was parked behind a billboard and Tony slowed down just enough to avoid him and continue on. Cap shook his head but looked amused.
“Hey Steve, what’s that?”
There was a soft almost-awkward pause before Rhodey spoke again. “Nat told me this morning that Tony’s been ignoring calls.”
“Yeah?” Peter turned around in his desk chair, face innocent as he feverishly tried to use his body to cover his computer screen. A pencil flew out of his hand like a little rocket while he scrambled to turn.
“I’m just telling the truth,” Steve said in a hushed tone, stealing tiny smooches from Tony’s lips.
“Great. All the things are great. Come on in.” Tony led all of the Guardians into his kitchen, and soon each of them had a glass of something cold to drink and a sandwich. They all talked about some of their more recent and interesting adventures. As well as, what was in Tony’s “care package.”
“Peter’s graduation. And…a date.”
Quill's shirt from the second movie with the Gears Shift logo:
“Can you imagine? An old guy Captain America?” Peter grinned, mimicking the way Steve liked to stand with his shield. “I can do this all day—until my Xanax kicks in…oh, my back!”
“Yes, ma’am. Tony is in the basement. He’s been in since last night.”
“When’s this happening?”
“Well shit Rogers,” Tony laughed, a hand patting Cap’s chest. It was hard to think with those hands rubbing up and down the meatiest part of his upper thighs. “Need another lesson, Champ?”
“Guess you’ll have to come and find out,” Steve said, getting up and leading the kid outside. Quill stayed behind to finish off a pizza. God he’d forgotten how good Earth cheese was. When they all got outside, Peter shouted and threw himself at a beautiful black Ducati motorcycle that was just sitting outside.
Thor came toward him and took him by jaw, looking at him for a moment. One of Quill’s eyebrows quirked and he licked his own lips, heart suddenly falling out of his nearly-broken ass. Before he could say anything, Thor kissed him roughly, just as the song ended. Thor’s lips were warm and his beard was scratchy. It was wonderful and dirty and holy shit he was kissing Thor. Quill’s arms flew out and he grabbed the other man’s forearms. “Whoa!” He said looking evenly at Thor, who was barely an inch taller than him. “What, I mean…like,” he stumbled, having a hard time concentrating with Thor’s warm and rough hands smooshing his cheeks in a way that was almost goofy.
“Of course.”
On the eve of their second date, Tony had stayed the night at the Avengers Facility. Cap was off on a mission and was going to get back while he was still sleeping. Anticipation rose in Tony’s chest when he’d arrived. He hadn’t spoken to the man since their first date…and last kiss. The only bad part was, he woke up to a snowstorm. It was only supposed to flurry. Guess it was mother nature telling him an indoor date was how it just had to be. There were worse things.
She watched him, scratching a non-cyborg part on her arm. This was her life now. And it could have been worse. Not much worse, however.
Steve nodded, “Yeah.” It was the first time they’d seen the Guardians in months, and it was the first time all of them had been in the same room even longer. Peter’s birthday wasn’t something  that Okoye or Captain Marvel really cared about, but they had been invited anyway. They didn’t come of course because they were too busy, but hey, that was fine. Tony’s heart felt full as he watched Peter laugh—then snort soda out of his nose at something Quill said. Peter began to whine that the soda burned, laughing hysterically and then Quill was laughing and both of them were just holding each other’s arms and laugh-crying.
Aedi was a beautiful planet that looked a lot like Earth. It was home to the Aedians, a cone-headed species of noseless aliens that were all very snooty. They weren’t unkind however, and once warned they were coming in for landing to pick up someone, let the Guardians into their airspace. The Aedians were a protective community, and one of the few species of aliens whose whole planet was at peace. Their planet thrived on an atmosphere similar to Earth’s but with more oxygen.
Thor nodded, not having taken his eyes off of her. “Sif, you’ve got to tell me everything. Where have you been? What happened when my brother banished you? How’d you get on Aedi?”
“Hmh oh my god,” Tony just shook his head. This was really hot and really inconvenient at the same time. He really was a 100 year-old-virgin. Rhodey owed him $80. “Wow.”
“Me? Oh, Mr. Rogers, please go on,” he smirked, taking Cap’s helmet from him as they entered the tower penthouse. They were the only resident Avengers home except for Nat (who had decided she was going to investigate the terrorists’ suppliers). Tony tossed Cap’s helmet on a nearby couch and then leaned against the bar. He was wearing dark jeans, converse, and a Play Station shirt. “Like what you see?”
Oh god, he couldn’t breathe. He gasped, looking down and watching as the water rushed ever closer. He gasped and noticed beside him Happy was hyperventilating. He couldn’t calm him while holding him like this. “Karen, call my dad! Call someone! We need help,” he caught his breath, slowing down and flying more vertically so that his thrusters would cushion their fall. All of a sudden he and Happy and the Captain fell into the thick expanse of the water, the massive waves sloshing them around. He  took one of his wrist bracelets off and slapped it on the captain. “Karen, give him a helmet, how are his vitals?” The tech went up the captain’s arm and a spider-helmet formed around his face, making an airtight seal around his neck and right arm. The new space metal he and Stark had been working on had the ability to convert carbon dioxide into oxygen under the right conditions. Even though it was a prototype, Karen reported it was working and his vitals were stable. He had no major injuries. Grabbing Happy, his own mask faded away and he tried looking the man in the eyes. Happy’s hair was crazy, there were tears in his eyes—probably more from the wind hitting him in the face so hard than terror—and he looked shocked, but not as frightened as Peter thought he’d be.
"Yes, sir."
“Even I don’t know,” Tony was grumpy, seeing him on it made him mad…but he looked so darn happy. “Put on the helmet before you ride that thing around.”
Tony huffed. “Two? Believe it or not, I’m letting the kid handle a lot of the planning. I wanna see what he does. So far, I’ve approved in writing a new facility he thinks we should build solely dedicated to the project. It’s not as flashy as something I’d design, but it’s a start. Did I tell you I made him a co-owner of Stark Industries?”
She laughed quietly, turning in his arms and kissing him. She wrapped one arm around his neck and pressed herself against his body. He grabbed her by the hair with his normal hand and kissed her hard, even through a grin. She kissed him back, melting into his kiss and then deciding to wrap both arms around his neck. He knew that cut must be killing her, but she didn’t seem to care. Fuck he adored her.
Both Peter and Tony stopped. Peter first looked excited, squintily confused, and then suspicious. He knew for a fact Tony was still really mad at Cap. What could be so important that he’d come here and willingly talk to him? Peter wished they’d be friends again, it was obvious this separation made Tony sad. Tony and Peter needed each other more than ever, and even Peter knew that they were each other’s one true tether to life. Tony had lost his world, his Pepper. But Spider-Man knew Cap was special to him. Maybe this was a good thing? Or really really bad.
Those blue eyes lit up. “Alright…Sounds fun. Just, let me get my board.” Steve flashed a movie star smile and chuckled once, seeming a bit excited at the prospect and jogged off.
Thankfully they were able to mostly move past it, and the fact that they’d shared something so naughty, so forbidden, really made them even closer. Bucky was Steve’s one and only confidant after that, and vice versa. He had had secrets to burden Steve with too of course, and right up until he’d fallen to what should have been his death, they’d been closer than ever.
Tony sighed, the kid was a great freaking driver even without his spider-sense. Still didn’t mean he liked the sound of it at all. “Maybe. Graduate first.”
Steve stared at him long and hard for a moment, his expression flickering between a few emotions. Bucky knew Steve didn’t need his approval, but he also knew the other man really liked to know what he thought. And Steve always needed a push when it came to matters of the heart. He was always sort of adorably hopeless.
Thor just looked at Quill’s face and nodded, a sober and kind look crossing his features, “Oh hell yeah, fire them up.” The pair walked to the Guardians’ miniscule kitchenette built into the wall near their parachutes. Star-Lord threw some potato-like things into a bowl and popped them into their quick-oven. Thor heated up the cheese-like sauce—it certainly did not come from cows—in a separate device.
“Aw…I’m sorry Stevie. How can I ever make it up to you?” Stark said, shoving his ass against Steve’s hands and effectively impaling himself. “Oh, mm…” He turned back to look at Steve who was giving him that quirked eyebrow of amusement. He met it with one of his own.
“You know, it’s okay to like people. He’s an asshole, but he’s good for you,” Bucky said, a sly smirk forming on his lips. He had his arms crossed, the one from Wakanda still shining proudly against his body.
Steve’s eyebrows furrowed as he put one hand on his hip and leaned so close to the window it fogged with his breath, eyes unfocused on the scene outside. “Still?”
“What kind of things do you paint, Steve?” Tony did want to know.
The two locked eyes and Tony didn’t think he’d ever seen something so wrong and right in his whole life. Steve Rogers was standing there with wet lips and pink cheeks which were turning redder by the second. His hair was mussed, there was an obvious tent in his jeans, and he looked so panicked and beautiful all at once Tony just wanted to scream at him.
“Tony?”
“What? That wasn’t such a bad night. ‘Sides, Nat let it slip to me that the only thing you ever do other than visit me is sleep and do group counseling. That’s sad. You could at least go on a date for fuck’s sake. It’s 2020, live a little.”
The automatic doors recognized them and opened. It was late enough that no one would be alerted that they were here if people were sleeping.
Steve held onto him looking annoyed and bored, but he still accepted his fate and passively allowed the other man to fly him up to the tower. It was quick and efficient after all, Cap was a huge fan of that. “I was expecting it this time.”
“Run! Run, Jesus Christ!” Quill shouted, running and weaving toward the Benatar through alien trees as a slew of shots rang past his helmet. He heard the bumblebee like buzz-hum of the laser rounds just barely missing his head. He may have been chunky, but he was fast! At least he thought so. Until all of a sudden felt immense pain and one of his legs gave out, making him fall down hard before he had a chance to zoom away on his leg jets. “Fuck! Did I just get shot in the ass?!”
“I was just curious to what kind of party they were having. I was shocked to see so much…freedom of expression. There were men and women holding hands and dancing,” Cap’s eyes softened. “It was nice. I’d seen it on the television, and in movies sometimes these days, but I’d never seen how far we’ve really come with my own two eyes. Sometimes it feels good be reminded of what all these battles we keep fighting are for in the first place.” Cap put his hands on his hips and looked down. “It wasn’t like this where I’m from, you know that. I mean, you would’ve gotten arrested for holding another man’s hand.”
She laughed once, shoving him lightly. “Friday, take us home.” As the quinjet lifted off, Nat called every authority figure she could get ahold of, told them the issue, and then finally collapsed on a bench to take off her boots. “I swear to god Bucky, you’d think after the end of the world, more people would answer their fucking phones.” He liked that hoarse rasp her voice got when she was mad.
Tony knew Steve liked to design things and sketch—after all he’d helped design every suit Tony made for him—but he didn’t know he was a full-on artsy fartsy guy. Somehow it never came up in their conversations. They were never very sentimental when they spent time with each other. Their talks often diverged into the semi-personal side, like movies they liked, people, or stories of better times. Tony felt like a piece of shit for not knowing things like this. Well! That was what the date was for!
“I know, it’s okay. I, wow, Thor. Okay, well, I’m glad you guys have each other,” Peter nodded, and then flopped on a nearby chair. He shook his head, wanting to change the subject, he just couldn’t get the image of them going at it out of his head and he couldn’t deal with that right now. “I want to tell you what this is!”
“I want you to have it. But I’m not making anymore for anybody else, so don’t go showing that thing off.” Tony sat at the table and broke crackers over his chilibowl, face growing warm from something very different than the spices. Cap was just standing there, looking down at the shield and testing it. It just looked so right in his arms, and he felt arousal and pride swell in his chest as he watched. Then, he sat and placed it on the table near him. Steve was smiling to himself as he ate his chili. Cute ass.
“No, Dad,” Peter huffed. “I’m good. I’m glad you guys are happy. Just…warn a dude first.”
Steve watched him for a moment and then put his hands on Tony’s hips. Tony was so stunned he just barely caught Cap’s eyes flicking to his face, watching for his reaction. This wasn’t a dance floor, what the hell was he doing. “Steve?” he breathed with wide eyes, all at once surprised by how quickly the big blond leaned in and kissed him.
“Oh yeah?” Steve growled lovingly, wet lips kissing the corner of his mouth. Tony tilted his head to capture Steve’s in a full and messy kiss.
Without even asking he grabbed three skewers of chicken and ate them while making himself an espresso. It was only when Nat sauntered on in wearing one of his shirts and those yoga pants he liked to see her in that he realized maybe they weren’t for him.
It's kind of a naughty reward for sticking around for so long...
Tony was in the best shape of his life, he somehow had his best friend back, and had a kid who thought the world of him. Even though the Avengers had failed, he felt happier than he had in a long time. If he was anyone else he might have felt guilty about how satisfied with his life he was, but he didn’t, he was past that.
Cap leaned forward, looking interested. Tony liked it when he’d just sit down here and let him talk nonsensical science at him. They’d spent many nights that way. “It’s a spacesuit. And a spacecraft. And an emergency shelter if need be. It’s also got a way to recycle piss, shit, spit, sweat, whatever. It’s my god damned magnum opus.”
“Oh! Oh, okay, Rogers,” Tony said, pinching Steve’s ass. Steve grabbed his wrist and kissed it, smirking.
. The friendly, small-town nice guy with an altruistic streak. He liked those, those were fun. Chewing on his lip, he'd completely forgotten and ignored his assistant. "What, what are you saying?"
Cap watched him with an expression he didn’t care to decipher. “Yeah, guess I will.” Steve watched him go, came over to him and clapped him on the shoulder. “It was good seeing you.”
Steve smiled, “It suits you. You did a great job, Peter.” The kid beamed at him and then began to blabber on gesturing wildly to Tony’s “super-secret” suit project.
“Aw Steve,” he breathed. He knew the big blond had wanted some sort of dance when is plane went down. “Well, this date is for you. Dancing is an admittedly old-fashioned thing to do, but it is still well-within the realm of date-approved activities. I haven’t danced in ages.” Tony looked out at the much more casually dressed crowd and then at Steve, who looked like he was having a memory of something far away. Even Tony Stark new this was a big deal. The poor guy just wanted a dance, fake date or not. “Alright, well you know what? I know how to dance, let’s do it.”
They just breathed each other and kissed, both refusing to move. The afterglow bliss didn’t last long as Tony cussed quietly, shifting one of his legs which was starting to cramp.
“You ever think about that night in Rochester?”
“Can we talk?”
Tony mumbled, “Not really,” to no one in particular, only Peter heard it probably.
“Everyone has always told me to move on. Go on a date. And I want to. I really do,” Cap’s eyebrows were knit and he had a hand squeezing the hell out of one of his knees. Bucky could tell he was overwhelmed by something.
“Goodnight Tony,” Cap breathed, offering him a smile.
“Oh you know, things,” Thor said gruffly, looking up at him and nodding. “Why? What’s up with you? You look better.”
By the time Quill woke up, his body felt heavy, but he wasn’t in pain anymore. He rolled over and groaned, staring at the ceiling and coughing. God that sucked. The sound of a song softly playing filled him with some joy, there was nothing he liked more than waking up to Bill Withers’ smooth voice. “Ain’t No Sunshine” was playing quietly as he sauntered on up the stairs to the cockpit of the ship. The brilliant colors of space and stars streamed by the windows, casting ghostly colorful light on the metal of the ship’s interior. One of his favorite parts about being the captain—and he was the captain, absolutely not Thor—was this part. Watching the stars go quietly, but that was the problem. Space was too quiet.
“Maybe I will. Not every day an Avenger graduates,” Bucky said, nodding and then slapping Cap on the leg.
There was a whining, sharp ring in his ears as wind suddenly sucked him and Happy from the craft. There was screaming, and fire, and he was falling with Happy’s arm still clutched tight in his grip. His suit formed around him just as a second explosion rang so loud it nearly knocked Peter out. His eyes were wide and focused. He wasn’t even breathing as he looked up and around, seeing the back half of the plane falling, on fire.
The song Quill was singing:
She turned to him and looked him up and down, face breaking into a toothy smile, “Hello Star-Lord. I am the Lady Sif.” She bowed to him like a princess even though she looked like a crazy trash person from Sakaar. Nebula came over and introduced herself too. She was very uncertain about this new person.
“Fuck me, who would have guessed this place had beef shawarma,” Tony said to everyone as he straight up downed a cheap and crappy European beer. Cap, Tony, and Sam had stopped by a Mediterranean place on their way back from saving the state from some batshit Swiss guy bent on anti-patriotism. They got the guy, Karl something, and all of his accomplices. It was routine, laughable really. The armor had some scratches but they were all fine.
Steve Rogers was standing on a roadblocked street in his full Captain America gear, careful eyes scanning the roads. Steve, Tony, and Nat had all been deployed from Avengers Tower to deal with a horde of terrorists wielding contraband Chitauri alien weapons. The terrorists were humans, but they were angry with the government and had been trying to destroy anyone and anything that had political significance in New York City…which happened to be quite a few things. Nat was off trying to find their base of operations while Steve and Tony worked with ground forces stop the carnage while limiting the loss of human life as much as possible.
“Ugh, no you ass!” Nat smacked his thick chest and sat up, looking offended. “I made spaghetti. With garlic bread.”
Bucky heard her say, “No,” and immediately stopped running. There was junk and debris everywhere, but the clean wrappers of food and fresh garbage betrayed the presence of who ever was here. He rounded a corner just to see a large white man walking right toward him. The man didn’t get a chance to shout at him or finish pulling his gun out because Bucky rushed at him and tackled him, wrapping his arms around his neck in a chokehold. Taking his pistol off of his thigh-holster he bashed the guy in the side of the head with the butt of it. The dude crumpled to the ground unconscious.
Steve blinked, made a funny face and then smirked, “Good, I think.”
Tony liked the sound of that. “Sure thing.”
Tony kissed him again, and then paused with their foreheads together, letting Steve speak.
“Nah, we were just talking about you,” Steve said, looking over her red head and meeting Bucky’s eyes.
And he was kissing him. Steve was kissing him, and he was kissing him back. Overwhelmed and suddenly breathless, Tony immediately grabbed Steve by the biceps and leaned up to kiss him harder and with a better angle. He wanted this so bad, was this happening? Oh, God, oh fuck, his mind completely left him as his lower jaw gently moved to slot his own lips against Cap’s lips in ways that had his stomach feeling like he’d gone down a rollercoaster. He was too god damn old for this many butterflies.
"I’m headed out of the U.S. today. Nat gave me my orders.”
Tony used to get tested all the time, and since Pepper was as clean as a whistle, he knew he was alright. “Same. Can I just go for it? It’s a huge inconvenience for me to get up. I’m good if you are.” Tony’s bed was so big, it would indeed take effort to reach the side table.
Cap didn’t have time to yell at him as the line went silent. He smirked at his phone and then quirked an eyebrow, shaking his head. Damn Tony for spreading that rumor—it should have died in 2012.
“Did he sprint?” Peter asked looking up at Tony. “He’s so fast!”
There was such a loud and large round of applause with hoots and hollers that it took a lot longer than it should have for the student after him to get their name called.
“Alright then, scooch up,” Tony helped maneuver Steve so the other man was sitting back against the headboard and pillows. “Comfy?”
Quill and Nebula couldn’t recall a time when Thor was ever this excited. The moment they landed the ship, he flew out of there, running faster than Quill knew he even could. His massive (sandaled) feet kicked up white clumps of sand. The beach they’d landed on was gorgeous with blue-green waters, and there were some tree-covered mountains in the distance. It was hot, and Peter was already feeling sweaty when he made his way out of the ship.
Tony looked up at Cap who was now eating one of the appetizers. He hadn’t known the other man wanted kids. “How many?”
It wasn't something written, just some mind-canons. :)
When Thor put her down, she took a step back and just looked at him. Her face was crumpled and she started, “Thor…” then she grinned, “You look just like Volstagg! I can’t believe you can even accrue that much fat on your body!” She hugged him again, nearly picking him up from her excitement. "I'm so happy to see you. I worried about you so much, even though I know you didn't need it. I've missed you more than words can describe, my friend."
Steve’s eyes held no secrets, and thus Bucky rose any eyebrow, meticulously watching how Cap greeted Tony.
Tony gave Peter a genuine smile that Cap wasn’t for sure if he was imagining or not. The two had really grown close if Tony was already referring to himself as Peter’s parent. If someone would have asked, Cap wouldn’t have thought Tony would ever be ready to be a dad. But then again, he supposed a lot of things could change when the world went to shit.
When Steve pulled his fingers out of Tony’s ass, he slapped his non-spanked cheek with those wet debauched fingers, causing Tony to shout Cap’s name. Tony could hear Steve pop the cap and lube himself up, but it just wasn’t
Steve nodded. “Destroyed. We handled it. It was a pretty big operation, I’m glad we got tipped off so early in its development. What about you? Anything exciting happen in the few days since we’ve seen each other?”
“You know Nat. She worries. I know he doesn’t talk to you, but man he hasn’t been talking to me either. I can’t go check on him. I’m busy, and I know you just got back…but listen, I’m in no position to ask you this Steve, but I’m more than a little worried about him.”
“Ah, thanks…” Tony reached out and grabbed his pitifully soaked bag, scoffing as he assessed the damage. "I thought this sucker was gonna float out before I could get down to it. It’s full of my work shit, y’know, kinda need it. Remind me to never to bring anything but booze to the beach again, Jarvis. Good thing I write in pencil, should be able to salvage it…” he muttered, opening the bag and frowning as a piece of sea debris slipped off of it.
“Eh, I’m pretty fond of watching old movies and making fun of them with my kid. I like to play videogames. I also have this super weird addiction to audiobooks.”
Steve looked at the door thoughtfully, then to Tony, leaning down and kissing him. “You need more sleep.”
Steve had been wondering why he hadn’t seen more Spider-Man in the news. The kid was busy, busy learning how to take over an empire. It seemed daunting, but he knew the kid, and he was certain he could take it.
“Okay, are you ready to go see a show Mr. Rogers?” Tony was blotting his mustache with a napkin.
Steve’s eyes were hard and his jaw was tensing, he had his arms crossed too. He looked visibly surprised by Iron Man’s nonchalance. “I didn’t mean to put you in such an uncomfortable position.”
After about twenty minutes, the door to the room opened and Cap’s silhouette just stood in the doorway.
He took a shower and finally put on something more presentable. Hopping in the elevator and bobbing his head to one of Quill’s favorite songs—“Dancing Queen” was a guilty pleasure—he arrived in the basement, surprised Tony wasn’t working on something down here. Maybe he’d managed to get to sleep tonight? He opened the door to Tony’s room, which was never locked. When it was, he minded his own business.
Steve tilted his head a tad, looking around. Who was Jarvis? He wondered if that was the man's name. Then, he noticed as the man got closer, he had an interesting piece of technology over his ear. Oh! It was that new wireless phone he'd seen on the internet. “It’s no problem. I knew I could get to it pretty quickly.”
His heart hammered and his jaw muscles tensed. God damn that Steve.
“Good.” Tony sat up, watching Steve throw away the condom. “Need a minute? Shower?”
“Mr. Stark had them ordered from Oishi, a Japanese restaurant about twenty miles from here. Mr. Hogan delivered them.”
There was a new silence between them, one that was more comfortable. It was broken by the very loud and obnoxious sound of Peter’s stomach growling.
Later than night, two out of three Avengers were drunk enough that it was good cause just to chill in a local hotel for the night. There was some sort of festival thing happening tonight that Tony prayed wouldn’t keep him up, but he didn’t really care. Normally he’d like a good night out, but he was sort of drinking to forget Pepper leaving him for the umpteenth time…and it felt good to be in a place that was as far from home (in a sense) as possible. Tony had been overseeing that new augmented reality tech, and it only made him want to drink more. Everything made him want to drink these days.
“What he said,” Tony yawned. “Who walks into someone’s bedroom without knocking anyway?”
Nebula knew them well enough to know that usually when their hands touched they’d smack each other around or just be stupid about it in general, but this time, the pair just looked at each other in the dim glow of the tech.
Steve patted Tony’s ass cheek pleasantly and then out of nowhere slapped it. It was loud enough to make a noise and it stung nicely. Stark gasped, turning around wide eyed with his lips parted.
Tony cocked his head slightly, eyes hardening.
“Um…well you…you’re drunk, so…Maybe we can talk about this when you’re not about to collapse?” Quill rubbed the back of his own head, cheeks burning a bit.
By some magic Thor snorted awake, “Ruddy space pirates. They use their tech to jam your signals and navigation equipment. Then they storm your ship and take your stuff. Not a problem for the Asgardians of the Galaxy, eh guys?”
“It could be better.”
“Shit, Friday what time is it?”
“Yeah?” Tony gave Cap a slew of three deep kisses in quick succession, at the end of which he could feel Steve’s smile without opening his eyes. His hand was now slowly cradling and massaging Steve’s bulge, god he felt huge.
“No.”
“I’m not God but you’re welcome,” he joked, trying to break the heavy air.
“He’s in the hotel, Sir.”
older. “I can’t say. I’m sure I will.”
“You already do.”
“Mr. Roger’s has currently taken Peter into town for lunch.”
“Huh, who’d have guessed?”
And so he did. They walked together, all the way out to Tony’s beautiful car. When Tony finally got to the driver’s side, he opened the door and then turned to look at Cap. “Alright, bye Cap—” he got shushed by a kiss to the cheek. Steve was leaning on the car and watching him with a look that just about made him melt into his shoes.
Peter let out a massive exhale, collapsing onto the floor, and then scrambling up to hug Tony. He wrapped his arms around him and squeezed him tight. Tony wrapped his arms around Peter, burying his nose in Peter’s wet hair.
“If she’s that important to you, then let’s go get her. Hey, Nebula! We might have another girl on the ship! That’s cool right?”
“Of course, Mr. Stark.”
“There you go soldier, eat up. I’ll make us some snow icecream later. Oh, that reminds me, I’ve got something for you, a really cool sled.”
“That’s pretty traditional. I think one’s a huge handful. This is good,” Tony mumbled through bites. Tony was actually pretty elated that Cap was telling the truth. Of course, he was, he was Captain America, he shouldn’t be surprised, but still. This was starting to feel more real than he thought it would.
“Like a cop?”
“I’m gonna stop you right there, Cap.”
Reaching between them, Tony gently moved Cap’s hand away from his member, and then dropped his hips, positioning their bodies and his grip so he could grind his length right against Steve’s. A deep groan left Steve’s lips as Tony rubbed their lengths and bases against each other, slowly and then more quickly. Between them they had achieved a delicious grind, the only sound kissing and caught breaths.
Steve noticed himself being watched and gave Tony that one-sided smirk that has always driven him wild. For heaven’s sake Tony wished he was that pancake Cap was chewing on.
The moment they got in the craft, Bucky had Nat take off her top layers so he could look at her wound. She’d dusted most of whatever drug they’d been trying not to breathe out of her hair, and once she was just sitting there in her pants, boots, and compression bra, he got to work. A bullet had sliced open her arm, but it wasn’t deep. The thing about those kinds of injuries were that they hurt like hell even though they weren’t deadly. He sat beside her and delicately stitched her up with the small first-aid kid they always had nearby. When he was done, he sprayed it with antiseptic, and wrapped some gauze around her arm. He leaned down and kissed her shoulder, then her cheek, purring, “All better,” into her hair.
“It was for my art class! I swear!”
Steve ultimately began to softly dip his middle finger in and out of Tony’s bottom until he’d found a good rhythm and just kept going deeper with each push. Tony was so turned on that even the minimal stimulation felt great, and he was very relaxed. Steve was being gentle with him. He kissed his way up to Steve’s lips and took them again. As his tongue met Steve’s the man below him moaned softly, most of his entire middle finger having disappeared inside of Tony. Steve thrust the finger in and out before quickly adding another one—almost a little too quickly, but Tony didn’t really mind.
“You know I love chili.”
“Oh, oh fuck! Fuck!” Tony shouted, body roughly jolted forward with each violent slap of their hips. He leaned his chest all the way down on the counter so he could just barely grasp the opposite side for leverage, arching and moving his body to meet his lover’s. His mouth was open wide and he was loudly-moan gasping against the table, and his legs wobbling with weak tremors. “Oh, yes, Rogers, faster…ah-ah…”
“Yeah, and water’s wet. What’s happening in your life Cap? How’s that uh, counseling thing going at the community center?”
“Hi, stranger,” she said, coming over and hugging him. He was a little surprised by the hug but he’d missed her so he’d allow it. What Tony didn’t see was the sudden look Bucky gave Cap.
“Yeah, I get it. There something you’re not telling me Stevie?”
“Hey Tony. You look busy.”
Steve shook his head, sighing, “I didn’t. I commed her when I spoke to the SWAT team.”
“It’s the, well it’s my, ah new prototype suit! Ever since I learned the tech, I have been really into making it better, right? So this one is made of nanobots, but I’ve been tweaking things. It’s so fun being a real scientist Mr. Rogers.”
Both Steve and Tony turned around to see Sam watching them from the doorway.
Oh, shit. He had so much to do and he slept until dinner? “Damn, wow, alright. Where’s the kid? He still in the lab? When did Steve go home?”
“I like to draw. I’ve gotten into painting now, too. I actually painted a huge one for a friend recently. I didn’t realize my hands were still so steady.”
“Just world-changing tech, robots, super-computers. Satellites. Augmented reality. Nothing special. What about you? What do you do for a living?”
“And!” Star-Lord squeezed the remote, not seeming to know what else to do. This was a lot, he thought the sexual tension they had was like bro tension, every dude felt it. But maybe it wasn’t? And he kind of really liked that kiss? And he was lonely as fuck? “I don’t know!”
“From what?”
It had taken a little over an hour for them to reach Peter and the men. The quinjet’s cargo door dropped open and Tony flew out in full red-and-gold armor, swooping down to grab peter up under the arms. He flew all three of them back into the carrier, safely depositing them onto the cold metal floor of the jet.
“He means if he dies or gets old, squirt. Can you even get old?” Tony made a funky gesture pointing at Cap with his index finger as they all made their way into a fancy country club. It was dark outside now, but Steve was pretty sure there were huge golf courses just beyond the tree line.
“Have you ever even been on a real date before? Like, I mean, the whole shebang? Dinner, maybe a movie, awkward small talk? Little smooch at the front porch?”
The blond watched him for only a moment before following him.
“So…Can I get a motorcycle?”
“By that she means we got jumped by jammers. After we took ‘em out we jacked their crap. Got the Benatar some upgrades. I mean, after we paid to get it fixed. Jammers, man.”
Steve gave him a veiled irritated look, but then nodded. “It just feels good to say.”
“Hello Nebula. It’s nice to meet you all. So these are the warriors you’ve been traveling with, Thor?”
Tony’s toes curled at the feeling and he wiggled his hips at the loss, already wishing for rounds two through four, “Oh yeah. You sick, truthful fuck…”
“A date?” Oh, now this was news. “Go on.”
“Phew! That is great news Mr. Rogers. He’s here, wanna come in?”
He actually peaked in just in case Tony was sleeping. It was dimly lit since Tony hated to sleep in the dark. He could still only see a big lump in the shiny satin comforter. He listened for a moment, hearing even breathing, and then what sounded like two sets? “Dad?” he called softly. Someone immediately sat up from his voice, and instead of his father it was Steve-freaking-Rogers, hair messy and shirt rumpled.
“Who caved first?”
Tony leaned forward. He’d bought out the whole restaurant, so no one was here to take pictures of them. “Of course, you wouldn’t get it Sam. You’re not an original Avenger. Sorry.”
“I was wondering if you remembered what I’d said about dinner?”
The taller man spun Tony out, and then chuckled when Tony shot him a playful pouty look. Steve was a wonderful dancer, and he was so confident and happy looking it really was infectious. Tony let himself be dipped (not very low) and full-on laughed when Steve popped him back up. Steve picked up the pace, and the two found an easy rhythm with each other. By the time the second or third song ended, Tony was panting and Steve was flushed from something that looked a lot like joy. Honestly some people were staring at them, but Steve didn’t seem to care. Tony certainly didn’t give a rip. They walked over to the bar. Tony got a martini and Steve got a coke. They drank in silence before Tony turned to him and said over the music, “What you wanted?” Tony had loosened a few of his shirt buttons and taken his suit jacket completely off. Steve was still in his full suit and everything.
“I reiterate; ancient.”
“There’s a party tonight at East Beach. You should come. Up to it?” Tony asked, eyes roaming over Steve in a way that would have been obvious to anyone else. He was a player. This dude was hot. Steve didn't scream "gay" at him, but who knew what a night of drinks could bring? And if he knew anything, and he did, pretty boys liked to drink. And when pretty boys drank, their standards and expectations blurred. Would he stop a pretty blonde man with impossible pecks who wanted to get kissy? Probably not.
Steve nodded, “Yep. Horrible.” He stretched and leaned back on the couch, a heavy breath peacefully leaving him.
With a sigh, he posted some tweets to his Spider-Man™ twitter account, ate some more food, bothered Happy (who was doing much better but had trouble sleeping too), watched some TV…he looked at the clock—only thirty minutes had passed. He groaned, running his hands down his face.
“I just want to let everyone know how far Peter’s come in only a few short years. He’s got three degrees, he’s built approximately 2.5 spider-suits by hand, he’s building another branch of my company out of nothing, he’s already got two patents on new communication tech…and he’s just a superstar. I couldn’t have asked for a better, more talented kid in the whole world.” Stark downed his drink and then clapped, everyone else in the room following suit. Peter looked a little shy but grinned big, waving a hand.
Steve leaned forward, “What?”
“No! I mean kind of, some of them, but actually most of them come from here.” Peter lifted up his shirt and revealed a thin arc reactor resting on his back that was more rectangular and covered with metal so it wasn’t glowing. “This is for if I ever need it, y’know? This is where the powerful ones are, we’re still working on them. It’s so flat I don’t feel it! Kinda tickles when they come out though…I wanted to put a tattoo there shaped like my symbol but Tony said that was tacky.” Peter rolled his eyes.
Suddenly he had an idea. Tony had been really angry and depressed all week. If he was still having trouble sleeping, they could go for an early morning milkshake. Just a small drive through upstate New York. It’d be really nice. Peter had been trying not to focus too much on the incident, after all, that wasn’t the worst thing that had ever happened to him, and kept trying to focus on that at least he saved everyone he could. He did his best, and he was only comforted by the fact the stewardess had had a quick and painless death. He tried to push down the thoughts that screamed at him that it was his fault in the first place she was gone. If he dwelled on those too long he wouldn’t ever leave his room or get out of bed. The price of being a superhero and being famous was often insurmountable.
“I’m glad for you.”
“No, Buck thank you. The suit’s nice. Maybe you should get a suit.”
Rhodey made a noise somewhere between a scoff and an exasperated shout, “Excuse me? I am not getting this from you!”
Thor grunted something that didn’t even sound like English.
Steve chuckled, “Consider your debts paid.”
Bucky held up his hands, “Sorry. I’m just saying, you’ll never know until you try. For Christ’s sake, I’ve got a life now. What kind of sick irony is that?”
Peter woke up in the middle of the night, ate breakfast with Bucky—who was always awake—and then got to work on a special translator he’d been developing over the past few months. It was made with a space tech similar to the kind Quill had in his neck. Quill’s sensed the point you wanted to get across and the emotion you wanted to convey via brain wave detections, while having a massive database of languages throughout space. It was a complicated device that made the user able to hear what the other person wanted to get across in the language one’s brain was wired in. Quill’s even understood sarcasm and suggestive themes. It was such an amazing and complex piece of space tech that Peter had begged Quill to get him one. It turned out the things were crazy expensive, but a few months back Quill had managed. He’d been studying the thing since Quill’s had even worked on Earth. Peter had been trying to make one that humans could use that worked on a similar principle as a side-project, but he wasn’t having much luck. With a sigh, he looked at his clock. It was only 6 o’clock in the morning.
“Scenery. Sometimes people I know. I paint Nat and the lake a lot. I’ve painted one of your suits before,” Steve said looking almost shy.
“Oh you most certainly are,” Cap chortled to the window.
He looked at his reflection and a muscle in his jaw tensed.
“Shut up,” she hissed somewhat affectionately.
Running a hand through his hair and turning to look at nothing in particular, Steve set his mouth in a sort of line and turned to meet Bucky’s gaze. “I want something real.” Steve’s face crumpled subtly into a barely-there miserable expression.
“You’d know, wouldn’t you?”
“Of sorts. It’s a multipurpose tool,” Tony put his own bowl of chili on the table and then disappeared, coming back with a little something he’d made for him. Honestly, Tony had meant to give the thing to Steve a while back, but he’d kept improving it. It was a new Captain America shield, it looked just like the one Cap had dropped and abandoned. Tony was an idiot and Cap deserved the shield, that’s just how it was. This one was made out of pure vibranium—with Okoye’s blessing—and some krykor from a far-off region of space. Upon stress tests, he’d found it was an even stronger sonoluminescent material, i.e. it converted extreme vibrations into light. It was more lightweight too, so now maybe it could be thrown even farther. Fuck, he loved himself. “Whaddya think? Thought it was about time you had it.”
“C’mon, Steve, don’t be like that. Tell me. It’s been a while.”
When Peter eventually did make it home safe and sound from his little victory ride, Tony did give him his present. He guided him into a room and then gestured to a table. The table had a thick stack of papers on it. Peter looked at him suspiciously and then picked them up and read them.
as a bribe.
Tony, genuinely offended stood up. “Excuse me, Bird Shits?”
“How was your date?” Bucky asked, sitting in a nearby chair and slurping his third or fourth espresso. Nat had a cup of tea in her hands and was leaning both elbows on the counter, watching Cap intently.
Meanwhile Tony was irritated. It wasn’t the first time someone’s tried to do that. But it was the first time someone tried to do it to so many. Luckily with the CPUs destroyed Ultron was dead in the water, but it was possible that if a drone was reactivated in the right way, a version of Ultron could come back online but with a fresh slate and no memory. That was dangerous news. The US government was
Happy nodded, patting Peter’s back and then sitting down. “You did really good. It was kind of cliché, but it worked.” Soon the plane was up in the air, making the long trip back to New York from London.
She smiled and grabbed his wrist, kissing his normal hand. “Yeah? I’m not sure how to feel about yours.” Pulling him down all the way she kissed his chin, and then his lips. He felt a warmth spread through him as he grabbed her by the cheeks and kissed her roughly. She made a soft noise into his mouth from the force. He pulled away, thumbs caressing the corners of her mouth.
“Yeah.”
As he panted and gasped, he turned his face and kissed the man behind him sloppily. Steve’s hand was still pumping him idly, and he moaned as his overstimulated body sent little tremors down his legs. Steve was pretty fucking good at this. Why was he ever surprised? “Mhhm that was nice,” he chuckled, turning so he could kiss Steve properly. The blond wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist, hugging him close and meeting his lips, not caring at all that Tony’d just gone down on him.
“You would have conveniently found a prototype I left in its place.” Tony knew the stealth suit and the suit he wore when they helped save Sokovia were the last suits Cap had left that weren’t destroyed to hell.
“I’ve got to tell you some—th—mmh—”
“Don’t get too excited, my gift for you is like a million times cooler,” Tony called, watching Peter drive off shouting with verve. He knew he should have never let Peter try out Steve’s bike.
“Wait!" For the first time Tony met  his gaze and after seeing those beautiful brown eyes Steve was struck with the sudden recollection of why he put up with all of this. He loved this man, even when his imagination was definitely getting the best of him. The tone of his voice got a little gentler as he continued. "Tony, what is your point,” He was half expecting Tony to tell him he thought Clint was some kind of double agent, that he was working for Hydra or something. That was not what he got.
Steve wasn't really sure how to answer that question. He knew A Stark but their relationship was nothing like this. Sure, there was a time when they were close and Steve would be lying if he said he hadn't thought about it but...he and Tony...that just wasn't even a possibility.
“You know, the phone calls! He always takes them somewhere away from the rest of us, always. Who is he calling?" He was speaking quickly, the way he did when he was talking about his machines. "and have you ever noticed that he never talks about his personal life? Not once have I heard of anything from his past besides what Fury tells us. That and he and Natasha are constantly disappearing and he brings up Budapest all the time but-” Tony's rambling was starting to get a little out of hand, Clint was going to hear him, so Steve cut him off.
“Hmm well, I guess all the dimensions have their differences.” He leaned down and greeted Natasha with a kiss. They stayed together for just a moment. When the other Steve pulled away he just caught Steve’s eyes as he broke a stare. He must have seen the longing in his eyes, felt something that Steve couldn't put into words, because he leaned down and whispered something in Natasha's ear and she left, giving Steve prime a weary look on the way out.
“So when this baby goes off” she patted a pointy ray machine that was pointed directly at Steve, “it is going to analyze your molecules and find the dimension that you belong to and send you back there. Also, just a warning,, you may flash through a few other dimensions on your way, dont worry about it, by the end you will back at home ready to keep doing whatever it is that you do. Are you ready?” she waited for his answer as she moved her hand over the activation key in anticipation. Meanwhile, the other Steve held out his hand and Steve took it.
“I’m sorry to have inconvenienced you” the other Steve motioned for Steve to take a seat. “….my wife has been doing some experiments with dimensional travel recently...I guess something went off while she was out. When she gets back we can sort all of this out.” He reassuringly put his hand on Steve’s shoulder and nodded but in the haze of new information, there was only one thing that Steve retained.
When he spoke again it was so quiet it was like Tony was hoping Steve wouldn't hear it. "I can't lose them Steve, I can't lose you.” There was a deep seeded sadness in what he was saying that Steve could only imagine went a lot deeper than just fears of losing the team, but decided rather than dig into that, he would just hug him.
“At this moment it's not doing great, a couple years back the avengers split and when it really mattered, we couldn't get back together...it was all because of this stupid argument I had with Tony…” It always seemed to come back to that. Steve felt the weight of all of it on his shoulders as he remembered the way that the world had blown away in front of him. Usually he didn't like to play the ‘what if’ game but he couldn't help but wonder what might have happened if they had all been together when Thanos arrived.
"Look," Steve started, suddenly a lot less worried about this particular shenanigan. "all I'm saying is that if he was dating Natasha why would he sneak off to talk to her on the phone when she is in the same building?" Steve had him there, but Tony didn't stall long before he waved off the idea and insisted that even without the phone calls they had been acting weird.
“Alright Steve, we'll give it one more chance” and with that, they shook hands.
It was a small gesture but it was the start of something bigger. It is amazing what a little cosmic context can do, even for the most serious feuds. When the next big fight came, they fought together and they won. This time around they trusted each other a little bit more and they were a little more patient, over time they started to realize why they were always together across the multiverse. They still fought, they wouldn't be them if they didn't, but now they always had that little voice in their heads reminding them that they were better when they were together that kept them from splitting up again.
“There’s not really a lot of time for romance in war and I've been in the war since I went rogue in World War II. There just always seems to be something in need of protection or something to fight.” Steve realized at that moment that he hadn't put that into words in a while and it sounded a lot sadder than he remembered. But, It was like he was always telling Tony, the good of the others always had to come first...not that that had really worked out very well for him in the past. He thought back, all the way to the Avengers split. There wasn't a day that went by that he didn't wish that could have gone another way, a day that he didn't wish he could have convinced Tony to join him....a day that he doesn't wish he had just swallowed his pride and signed the damn paper.  But he did what was right….didn't he?
“Well...sort of.” Steve blushed a little “In my universe, his name is Tony”
“So what does that mean then? Are we like soul bonded or something?” He asked the question sarcastically but didn't bother to move his face from its position about three inches from Steve’s.
Steve wasn't sure what he expected but it wasn't that.
“You married Romanoff?!” he blurted out without thinking.  He loved Natasha..but he never thought that he would date her,much less marry her. That's just not what their relationship was like. The other Steve almost laughed.
“Yes, Stark” Crap did I say that out loud? “Do you know her in your world?”
“Steve I-” Almost mindlessly he started fiddling with his wedding ring, another warning sign. He only did that when he saw Steve off on solo missions, when he was afraid he might lose him. Oh no, Tony thought he was going to lose him over this.
“Second, how in the hell did you get here mystery Steve?” Natasha was quick to drop the bags she had been carrying by the door and was now leaning down almost to Steve's eye level soaking up every detail of his face.
Clearly Tony didn't expect his comment to be taken seriously but when it was he let the ramifications of it sink in. His composure changed from one of disbelief to one of contemplation.
“What did you just see Steve?” he asked, awestruck that the man who once tried to kill him was now so keen to make up.
The other Steve smiled in a sort of love sick way. It was weird for Steve seeing this expression on what basically amounted to his own face.
“Has Barton been acting weird?” He put a special emphasis on every word. This time Steve fully abandoned any hopes that he wouldn't be pulled into this shenanigan and set down his book. He turned at an uncomfortable angle to fully face Tony who was still consumed by Clint.
Steve sighed. Reluctantly, he lowered the very interesting book that he had been reading, to watch his dangerously bored husband, spy on their other teammates. It had been almost a week since they had had a mission. While Steve was enjoying the time off, he was starting to think that it was going to drive Tony crazy. By about the third day he had started trying to plan extravagant trips for he and Steve. When those didn't pan out, he was trying to invent a new way to make toast, because apparently, the old way was too antiquated. Now it seemed that he had resorted to spying. Well, “spying” was a strong word, Tony was leaning across the counter of the tower's kitchen and watching Clint who was down one of the hallways leading from the room. He wasn't being very subtle either, but then, nothing about Tony Stark was ever really subtle.
“Alright I get it, you win.” He threw up his hands in defeat but he sounded happy. “but jokes on you, I had already signed us up for dance lessons before the bet. It was supposed to be for your birthday but, I guess we'll just have to move it up some”
"Sweetheart I’m telling you, those two are crazy about each other." Tony finally moved away from his stake-out post and flung himself onto the couch beside Steve’s chair in such a way that he managed to take up the whole thing. “One of these days they are going to stand in front of us and tell us they have been dating for years, and when that time comes I will get the great pleasure of saying I told you so.” There was a glimmer of amusement in his eye that was just begging Steve to contradict him. Something in the gesture made Steves' heart lift, but on the outside, he only rolled his eyes and started to go for his book again. He didn't quite make it to the book before Tony’s hand met his and stopped him.
“Natasha..” The other Steve groaned through a facepalm.
Without pulling away Steve started giving voice to the only lucid thoughts he had in the moment
Tony’s entire face scrunched up as he laughed at Steve's request, because of course that's what the man out of time would want,  but he agreed to it. They shook hands and the bet was set.  Personally, Steve couldn't wait to get to dance again.
The next morning one of the celebrity tabloids would have some fluff piece about how the worlds super-couple had had a night on the town with some surprisingly tasteful pictures taken through what must have been one of the ballroom's windows, but it didn't really bother Steve the way it sometimes did. After all, they were nice pictures. As he read the mostly empty article over his breakfast, he smiled at the memory. Maybe it was a small moment, but it meant the world to him.
"You don't believe me"
Steve wasn't sure how he had gotten there, one second he was having yet another fight with Tony about what was “the right thing to do” the next he was standing in a lab that looked eerily close to the one Tony used to work out of in the tower...but not close enough. In the first couple minutes he was just confused as to where he was, but it wasn't long before he ran into another version of himself in what looked like the living room of Avengers tower. This quickly led him to the conclusion that he was in another dimension.  It wasn't necessarily something that Steve really understood, dimensional travel, but he was an avenger, weird incomprehensible adventures were kind of part of the job. After a short talk with the other him and a lot of rethinking his world view, he was able to wrap his mind around it, as much as he ever was going to be able to at least. Lucky for him, this other Steve seemed to have a bit more experience than he did.
Having apparently accomplished what he came over to do, Tony got back up to start whatever the next thing was. He moved back to the kitchen counter to fiddle with something on one of the many screens he had set up around the tower just as Clint walked back in from his phone call. Steve had to admit, Clint did look a little odd after that call, but he was still pretty sure that he was right.
Steve shrugged “Something like that”
“What?” Steve responded in a very tired voice, this was going to be a thing, he could already tell. Tony had got his mind set on something and whatever it was didn't sound good. The last time this happened Tony had been convinced that some actor was Bucky and it took about 3 weeks to convince him otherwise. By now, Tony had zeroed in on something and wouldn't be letting it go.
“We’re superheroes, Tony, we can handle whatever the world throws at us,” he mumbled into Tony’s shoulder. “You won't lose us.” When he pulled away Tony had regained a hint of that smirk, even if there was still lingering sadness in his eyes.
“I have to admit,” Tony said, taking a moment to look up from his feet and into Steves' eyes. “This was really fun, and clearly, we’re naturals.” As if on cue, at that exact moment Steve stepped on his foot. He winced.
“We might still have a bit to work on.” Steve offered apologetically, but Tony took it another way.
“Natasha” he said it like Steve prime knew her.
However, he was pulled out of his trance the moment he saw Tony, really saw him. Before he could stop him Steve wrapped his arms around him. At first Tony was stiff but after getting over the initial shock he seemed to give in and hugged Steve back.
The other Steve didn't seem that weirded out by this.
“Remember what I told you” He nodded knowingly at Steve who returned the gesture, a little more open to his idea this time than he had been the last. He then looked at Natasha and told her he was ready.
“Rogers!” Steve heard Tony yell as he started to sit up. He must not  have been gone long seeing as Tony hadn't seemed to have moved from where Steve left him. “What the hell just happened? Where did you go? I mean one minute we are having an argument and the next you just disappear!” Tony rushed over to help Steve up off the floor and Steve only kind of heard what he was saying.
“First of all, this,” She motioned with her finger between the three of them. “would be super hot if you two are up for it-”
“Well then Captain Rogers, we are sending you home”
Steve prime shrugged, almost apologetically.
Steve decided it was best to be honest.
“Sometimes, we haven't been the most honest with each other over the years. When I think about it now we never really got the chance to let trust build before we split. At this point I'm not sure we will ever trust each other.” Steve was now firmly examining the ground. “But it wasn't all bad. For a few years in there we really were friends. Maybe if things had gone differently we could have been more but…”Steve lost his nerve and let the words evaporate before he could say that they were doomed out loud.
“You’re married?”
“Do me a favor Mr. Rogers,” The other Steve said in a hushed tone, “give him a chance. I can't stand to see myself this miserable and if your Tony is anything like my Natasha, I promise you that he needs this just as much as you do.”
With one look Steve could tell whatever Tony had to say was going to be heavy. It looked like he hadn't slept and he wasn't even trying to hide the fear in his eyes. This was always a warning sign, Steve knew things were at their worst when Tony couldn't even pretend to be fine.
When they reached the lab Natasha pointed Steve to an x marked on the floor and began to set up her equipment. As she did she rambled about how everything worked and tried to explain what was going to happen when she sent him back. It didn't help much, but then again Steve had never been good with this kind of stuff.
“I saw everything, every timeline, every alternate world and in every single one of them where we were winning, we were fighting together. I think..I think that's the way it's supposed to be.” Steve confessed, hoping to heaven that Tony believed him.
“I heard what you said, what are you talking about?”
“Tony, it's okay." he put his hand on Tony's to stop him from twisting his ring. "I...I don't agree with what you did, it was risky and...rash.” There must have still been a part of him that was angry because his voice came down hard on the word “rash” in a way he hadn't expected. It just came out and he couldn't stop it. After pausing to take a breath and stop himself from letting the feeling overshadow what was really important, he continued. “..but I understand. You don't have to apologize for trying to protect us.”
“So what are you guys up to?” Clint asked as he entered, Tony and Steve made eye contact in a very suspicious way.
“Always the optimist Rogers.”
“I’ll be honest Steve, I didn't really think that you would be into bets about our teammate's personal lives, isn't it intrusive?” Tony mocked the tone Steve used when he was lecturing. Steve shrugged.
The moment he realized this Steve stopped him.
“That sounds like a pretty tiring life,” he said softly.
“Well you know hun,” Tony said as he leaned in to kiss Steve’s cheek. “if you had just told her we were dating sooner she probably would have given up, that's kind of on you if you really think about it.” He was right but Steve didn't really regret not telling anyone until they got engaged. It was a big thing when the world found out two of their biggest superheroes were together, they became a bit of a power couple, literally. While this was great and Steve was happy that he didn't have to hide his love for Tony anymore, sometimes he missed those nights when it was just them, sitting on the roof of the tower watching the stars, no one’s business but their own.
“Does it seem like Barton has been acting funny to you?”
“Alright, Mr. Rogers, if you wanna be that way, how about a bet?”Steve let his hand fall into Tonys and decided to humor him. Once he knew he had Steves full attention he set his parameters. “If I am right and Clint and Nat are out there loving it up, you have to go with me to nourriture de fantaisie in Paris.” At the mention of the city of love, Tony kissed his hand, in a joking way, but it was still endearing.
At this point, the other Steve stepped in and pulled his wife away from Steve long enough to introduce her.
Two months later, yes two months, the life of a superhero is very busy, Steve put on his best dress shirt and took his lovely husband out to learn to dance. It was everything that he had hoped it would be. He never understood why people didn't dance anymore, back in the 40s it was so popular but now it just didn't seem as important to people. When holding Tony in his arms and feeling the way they synced up while trying (and often failing) to get the steps right, he couldn't think of anything in the world that was more romantic.
“Well, then I guess we'll just have to take another class.” He answered just as Steve got back into rhythm enough to spin him. Steve couldn't think of any way that night could have gone better.
Tony looked him up and down. The shock on his face only grew but the fear disappeared.
“I think Barton and Romanoff are dating.” Rising from the counter, he punctuated the statement with a clap of his hands and looked at Steve as if he was expecting him to agree. While this comment did succeed in fully capturing Steve's attention, it was not because he agreed with Tony. He actually almost laughed at the idea and didn't do a great job of hiding it. Tony crossed his arms and faked offense, but he kept that sarcastic smirk that was so iconicly him.
“It is” There was a pause, then Steve prime decided to change the subject. “So your wife, who is she?” The other steve regained that smile.
Stark, he just said Stark
Nourriture de Fantaisie was a very fancy, as in gold silverware and diamond wine glasses fancy, restaurant and Tony had been trying to get Steve to go there with him for months, ever since he saw some article about it online. He insisted that Steve would like it but it had seemed a bit too superfluous for his taste. Steve was really more of a home- cooked- meal- on-a-summer- night kind of guy and it wasn't like they could drop everything and go to France anyway. Still, he was pretty sure that Tony was wrong about Clint, and there was something that he wanted too.
