“Is Dean Winchester talking about retirement?”
. Dean had arrived somehow to the kitchen, probably his stomach had guided him,  and now was trying to find something to eat.
“What? No, no. There’s nothing wrong with Dean…”
The only answer he got was the door closing behind Cas.
“What do you want, Cas?”
Dean took a step forward. He started to laugh. Cas watched him in confusion but laughed silently at his reaction.
“Oh.”
“What do you mean? Don’t we have the Men of Letters Bunker already?”
“You’re okay.”
“You look like you slept one second and then woke up” said Sam, grinning across the table “. Did you, honestly, get any sleep?” He took a sip from his mug and kept looking at Dean.
“Yeah, it’s me, Cas” Dean didn’t turn around to see the angel’s face. The blood of his dream was too fresh, and the feeling of having lost another person he loved still danced in his mind.
Frustrated, he closed the fridge. The mission was to go to his room and avoid Cas at all costs, but the angel had other plans; he laid a hand on Dean’s shoulder and watched him with those piercing blue eyes. They stood in silence for seconds, maybe hours, it was difficult to say. All the Winchester knew was that he didn’t like being analyzed like that, like he was an open book, When he tried to move, Cas’ hand tightened.
The hunter didn’t even turn the corner when he heard the angel’s sigh and the sound of chairs moving. “Are you going to tell me what is happening now? Did something happen between Dean and you?”
Maybe it wasn’t exactly what he needed right now, but it was something. Dean wasn’t spending much time with the angel lately and didn’t know the reason for it yet. Was it because  Cas was busy with other things? Because he was with someone? Was Dean being stupid? Or jealous? Who would date the angel anyways? What if there was another angel?
“For fuck’s sake Cas, pick the green one, I don’t care if it’s healthy or not.”
“Hey, Sam, don’t you want to settle somewhere?” the words came out of his mouth rather unexpectedly, and Dean cursed himself for it.
“DEAN.”
He wished he knew how to talk.
The shopping cart was full. Yes, he had gone out grocery shopping. With Cas.
“I was busy thinking about stuff.”
“Thanks.”
“Oh, God, sorry Cas… I… I shouldn’t have done that.”
“No, it’s not that.” Cas looked like he was trying to say something but didn’t know how. Dean was regretting so much kissing him. Well, he didn't. But he felt awful. The angel looked at the sky and then back at Dean, only to sigh and say:
Dean went back to the fridge and took a beer as Cas asked “What stuff?”
“Dean? Are you there?”
It was a nightmare and he was going to wake up and Casn’t wasn’t going to be dea…
“So that went well” he said to the empty parking lot.
“DEAN”
“Yes, but… I was talking about settling somewhere and retiring from this life.” He needed to stop talking. Now.
Sam was giving him the worried brother stare, which meant that he wanted to talk about this; nonetheless, Dean wasn’t going to talk about it, not now, not never. How was he going to explain that he had nightmares of Cas dying while Dean begged him to live? Nope. That wasn’t a fun conversation to have.
“Yes…”
From the corner of his eye, he could see how the other’s whole body language changed.
“What?”
“Dean…”
Dean wasn’t sure where had gone Sam's eyebrows. He seemed to be in shock.
There was another question behind his words, a question Dean wasn’t sure he’d understood properly. Could he be asking if he had heard the conversation or…?
doing? It’s three in the morning.”
“I couldn’t help but hear the conversation you had with Jack” Cas’ whole expression changed from relaxed to mortified “, and I just wanted to ask you who it is.”
Dean closed his eyes and was immediately transported to the cabin. As it wasn’t a dream, but his imagination, he pictured himself there, at peace; he’d not have to worry about monsters or someone dying on a mission. He’d wake up and go fishing.
He wasn’t.
Dean leaned in and kissed him. No matter how many times he had imagined it, how many impossible scenarios he had played in his head, this was totally different. This was real.
“I assumed you must be seeing a woman giving your heterosexual tendencies and your desire to settle down.”
“I think it’s a good idea, especially now that we’re getting old.”
No one responsed.
There are moments in our life when we can’t think; we do stupid things, we do amazing things, we cry, we laugh and all we want to do is dance in the rain until our feet break. And that happens because the unstoppable force is moving us, controlling us. An unstoppable force called love.
“Imagine owning a house near a lake, living there with someone...”
, he scoffed.
The unstoppable force was them. And if there was no tomorrow, they didn’t care, because they would live a lifetime in this moment, over and over again.
“You’re okay” whispered Dean. His heart was screaming of joy.
Each step was an exhalation, a tear falling down his cheek. The problem wasn’t Cas or the person he loved. The problem was Dean had to accept that information and bury somewhere his will to live.
He could imagine the angel’s concerned glare, wanting to help and not knowing what to do.
Cas frowned and he seemed confused by Dean’s behaviour. However, before he could say anything else, someone else arrived in the kitchen.
Dean didn’t like to feel anything, ‘cause that made him feel vulnerable. He was vulnerable now, carrying his racing heart in one hand and trying no to scream of rage. Why did he ever consider that the angel had felt something for him?
And then Cas gave him a timid
that made Dean want to throw the bags and kiss the angel desperately. But he didn’t.
Still laughing, they closed the distance between them and kissed again. There was no big declaration of love, no fireworks or violins. There was, however, a sense of peacefulness in the air. Even the birds stopped singing to hear it properly.
Dean stopped walking at the mention of his name. What was going on? Quietly, the Winchester lurked in the hallway, unsure what do. It was no tokay to listen to private conversations, but if he was supposedly involved… there was no problem, right? Dean knew he was doing it partly because he was afraid of going to his room and having the nightmare again.
And the way Castiel acted since last night wasn’t helping at all with his nerves. The angel seemed to be suddenly a hater of Dean’s touch because he flinched when their hands touched in the car, or when Dean pushed him gently to move forward moments earlier.
Dean started to turn around, his fingers clutching the hair of his head.
“What?”
The night was like any other those days. Dean woke up, panting and not being able to fall asleep again; the dream was always the same: he was walking in a forest towards a cabin, birds singing above his head and timid rays of light kissing the trees. Dean could never reach his destination because there was a voice, a too familiar voice, calling for help. The hunter could never reach come in time— the corpse laid at this feet while he screamed again and again. Why couldn’t Dean save the angel, no matter how hard he tried?
“Who?” the question came out from the angel’s mouth, and it sounded more like an exclamation. Dean couldn’t feel more stressed.
“Mmph...” Dean put tension as he rubbed the two of them together. Dean toyed with both of their tips, feeling the slimy precum erupt out. Castiel instinctively grabbed onto Deans arm and dug his head into his shoulder.
"Actually, it's kinda late to show off right now. I still have to shower and stuff." Dean got up but turned to look at Castiel, "But, if you'd like, you can come over and watch."
“Ha... haa... mm...” Dean dropped his head onto Castiel’s shoulder panting on his neck making Castiel trembled. ‘God... it’s so hot... so hot... he’s sweating, ahh, under my... hand...’
“Cas...” Castiel unzipped his pants slightly, pulling them down.
"Oh."
"Oh really? Well, I'd say yes but what's the point if you have no interest in the subject. I've heard that you're quite the womanizer."
"No, heh, I have a bigger waist than them apparently... I, uh, was with a guy who was into this..." In Dean's head, he drank a glass of milk and snorted it out from his nose.
“Yeah sure.” Dean cleared his throat and stepped away. ‘Jesus Christ that was painful...’
"Oh uh, Cas?" I threw my uniform in my bag, Uncle Bobby was going to let us wash our clothes at his place this weekend.
"Oh! Yeah... Thanks." instead of attempting to do something about it, he simply raised the collar of his shirt. It took Dean a while, but he got the memo and looked Castiel up and down.
"Uhm, whe-...where'd you get it anyway? One of your sisters?"
"Oh really?"
"Dean? Are you done yet!" Sam yelled from outside his door. Dean scratched his head as he put his phone away and grabbed his letterman jacket and backpack.
“I’ll bet you are buh...” Dean groaned as he fumbled with the doorknob. The door swung open and Dean slumped in. He saw the male stranger suddenly stand. He was in his plain solid green colored shirt and boxers.
"Cas?" Dean froze waiting for a response. He heard a sigh and saw more smoke.
“Yeah yeah.”
"I'll be leaving now." Castiel leaned in close to Dean, their chests hitting, and he settled his lips near Dean's ear, "Bold claims coming from a man so tense," he whispered running his hands up his right arm making Dean's skin crawl with goosebumps. Castiel put out his cigarette on the ashtray he saw behind Dean and swiftly made his way into the house.
"So??" Sam had decided to block the door.
"Damn straight." He lifted his fist at me and I bumped it back and they all left me alone for the day.
“Well, all that won’t help you, not that you can think when sober,” the crowd around him laughed. He shook them off. Dean took a swing at the nearest glass bottle of who-knows-what other than it burned and tasted bitter as hell and made him feel warm until he finished it and hazily turned around and attempted his way down the same hall where the rooms were. Dean lumped his body against a door with a loud thud.
"Forgot something?" The guy exhaled. Dean closed the door behind him, not letting the sight of him go.
"You know... it wouldn't kill you to hangout more; not just with Sammy." Castiel exhaled smoke, this time away from Dean.
"Shut up, you fool!" Dean laughed and jogged back into the building where he quickly showered. As he dried himself off the bell rang announcing to anyone within 15 feet of the school that school was now in session, and Dean scurried into his clothes.
"Cas- !" Dean said in a hushed tone.
"Of course."
"You're room hasn't really changed." Dean looked at the posters on his walls Led Zeppelin, Metallica, Billy Joel, Bad Religion and other popular names scattered around; he still had his small full-sized bed and the same drawers. Some of his lamps did change and he got rid of a lot of the toys he had, except for his cowboy figurines.
"Right, well, thank you..." Dean watched the skirt lightly float up as Castiel twirled around to leave. Dean stood for a minute replaying it in his head, with girls it was fun to see them in short skirts but there was something about that modest one that felt promiscuous in his head. Dean ran his hands through his hair a few times before leaving the locker room to join Arthur and Benny.
"Hungry? If that's the case," Dean landed on the floor with a little jump and dramatically turned around, "then we can just stay at home." Castiel's jaw vividly dropped.
Dean looked up at him now, wide eyed, surprising Castiel as well, "What?? No, no I don't... I'm not... maybe at party's when playing, like, kissing games or truth or dare but never with real intention and it's never more than that. If anything Gabriel is the womanizer!!"
"Says the man who created the Thoughtform because he never said to his angel that he's in love with him for what? Twelve years?"
"Thank you for everything man. You know you'll always gonna be part of this family right?" Sam asks.
"I know it doesn't sound so bad, but..."
"You kidding, I have tons and tons of guilt to carry. I'll be right back" Saying this Dean leaves.
"Dean, can I speak with you for a moment?" Sam asks and indicates the living room. Dean follows him until there.
"I killed those people Cas. I created the Thoughtform"
"And she felt guilt of that?" Cas asks.
Only than Dean realizes that he was crying and might have tears in his face, he tries clean them up the more discreet as he can, but he know nothing pass Cas. "Yeah, everything is okay" he tries answer the more careless as possible.
"Yes..."Cas again diverts his eyes "but there's where I belong"
"I will and you... you tell Kaia, right? Deal?" He raises his fist and waits.
The pain and pressure in his chest is released and he opens his eyes to see the Thoughtform disappearing in flames and light, like ghost do, and he knows it was gone for good. And even though a different type of pain on his back and chest tells him something is wrong, he smiles.
"Aren't you? We could be living his ending right now"
Cas breaths heavily and than he takes a deep breath and stands up, he's still breathing heavily, sweating, looking tired and scared but seeming better, seeming okay. "What was there? Are you okay?"
"So good things do happen Cas" Dean says remembering one of the first thing Cas told him, when they met.
"Not always. Sometimes they can attack on a pattern based on what feeling they were created from. Let say someone feels guilty about killing someone, so badly he creates a Thoughtform based on guilty for killing, the thing might kill its creator but will also starts to kill everyone around that feels guilty for kill someone, it feed on guilty, the the person feels it the stronger it gets."
Eelin opens her mouth to ask something but she seems have changed her mind for the relief of Dean.
Cas can't know. Firstly because not even himself knows. Although the Thoughtform seems to knows. With Cas gone, suddenly he knew, he loved him in that way, now Cas back and he just feel... terrified. Besides, he just can't allow himself think about this, feel this cause... tomorrow Cas will be gone again.
In one second it's there in another it's trying get Claire again. Dean is throw back, falling in the ground.
"Yeah" Dean smiles thinking about Jack, missing him but also proud of him. "He's like you, you know, have a kind heart. A strong heart"
"We used to send each other letter, love letters. But than I broke up with her and I gave back the letters she had sent me." He makes a pause and sob " It was a mistake, I loved her. I never stopped thinking about that, about her, I tried talked to her later but whether by pride or because she had moved on she just didn't wanna talk with me, all I know is that because I was too scared I ended up..."
"I hope they find a way to enjoy the time they have left"
"You know I think your angel would be a great father" Jody says.
It turned out to be a good thing. Now Cas is talking to Claire, that would be the last time she would see her father's face. And he is sitting in the porch with Jody drinking a beer.
"Why you never said anything?"
"Yeah I think this is something I need tell personally, we neee find a way to stop this thing before is too late"
"Well maybe later we can look for him, let him know that if he needs something we're here" Sam suggests. Dean agrees. They have a lot to try to make it up with him.
Sam finds Eelin inside the house, after saying goodbye to Jody. "Hey, are you okay?" He asks.
"Yeah." Sam tries to think about it. Were they connected somehow? "So I guess it wasn't Letitia ghost. Alright, I'll search the lore and the local deaths and you go investigate her?"
Claire is face to face with the Thoughtform, who has its hand in her chest. "No! Claire!"Dean shouts.
"I know, thank you Sam. It was an honor to meet you." They hug each other. And than Sam leaves, allowing Dean and Cas finally alone.
"Don't need babysitter me Sammy, I know how to fight with some thoughts."
"Forgive myself? Sam I killed those people" Dean explodes.
"Hey... what's up with you and Kaia?"
Maybe he should just kiss him. And he was about to actually consider answer him by doing that when a scream breaks through the night, coming from behind the house, they immediately run towards it.
They all gather together, Donna, Jody, Cas holding Mary, Dean, Sam, Eelin and Bobby, in front of them, kneeling by the side of John and Gerty, it was Charlie, Stevie, Claire, Kaia(Claire and Kaia were engaged) and Alex. Jody prepared the photograph camera and ran back to them.
Dean wakes up in the middle of the night with a stranger feeling, a feeling of familiarity, of being watched.
"Right, thanks Bobby."
"Did he find something?"
"Dean listen to me" Sam approaches him "it wasn't your fault. And I believe the only way to destroy it for good is if you forgive yourself. For everything."
"The thing we're hunting attacked him" Sam answers.
"The Thoughtform. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have come here" Dean realizes. He just putted them in danger. He kept doing this, putting people in danger...
"No Dean, but actually she's right, it doesn't sound so bad compared to what he was promising us"
"Wait, wait... parents?" Sam asks.
"Sure"
"That's great news. Really, I suppose he was the one who brought me and my family back?"
"The one that made you go all psycho? Sure, how can I ever forget?"
"Yeah, she does, she's great. I'm really happy for him" Dean says with sincerity.
"Good. I gotta go, so Dean just in case, don't go hunt vampires and if you do don't get in a barn and if you do watch out for any nail, screw, anything like that, right?"
Dean smiles, “yeah it's been a while, huh?”
“Yeah okay,” Dean mumbles, annoyed. He clamps his hand down onto Crowley’s, which had still been wiggling on Dean’s side. “When I get up I’m gonna shoot you in the face.”
“With your feathered friend? Yup, I thought he was about to eat me yesterday, man talk about jealousy,” Crowley chuckles.
Cas sits alone... thinking.
Dean continued long strings of swearing as Cas kept dipping a tiny bit on every part of Dean’s dick. “Okay okay I’ll cooperate just please!”
“If you don't hurry up I'm gonna change my mind,” Dean remarks playfully, but fuels Cas to scramble at grabbing Dean’s flannel and pushing it off Dean’s shoulders. Dean helps a little. Pulling the sleeves off his arms behind his back. In quick repetition Cas grabs the edge of his black t - shirt, sliding it up Dean’s torso. Air in the room glides over dean’s exposed skin, reminding him that he’s nearly bare. Cas pulls the shirt up and over, tossing yet another article of clothing limply on the floor.
“Then he insisted on leaving and with the look on his face, I couldn't object. And that’s when I called you. Dean, what the hell did you do?” Sam’s face is etched with worry and insistence.
“That’s not true,” Dean pulls out a seat, sitting across from him. “I need you to understand something, Cas. For one thing, Crowley’s a dick. There was nothing even close to the - emotion that you give me. He’s just a body to touch when I - I really just want you.”
They stay here, ravishing each other with their hands and lips until Cas pushes himself up, hovering over Dean and resting his hands beside him.
“Well,” Cas keeps looking between Dean and pretty much the rest of the room at this point, with something clearly on him mind, “I - um.”
“You went hunting?” Cas inquires, seemingly not very surprised at this assumption.
Don’t think.
“Dean,” his voice is extra gravelly and he too sounds absolutely wrecked.
“Also, we need to leave him alone for a few hours, maybe overnight, and if you want to go in, I have to go first,” Cas instructed and saw that Sam grew even more confused, “just trust me.”
“I don't know how that’ll help you understand sensation,” Dean replies, wishing he could just rest his head on Cas’s soft, warm skin forever.
“Not with anyone? I mean if there’s any way to live as a human, I’d say it’s taking advantage of the perks,” Dean shrugs, attempting to make this as casual as possible.
“Shit, Cas. You know I'm sorry right? It’s like I told you, I’m fucking sorry. I was the one that started all this and now i'm the one that destroyed it and hurt you in the process. Fuck, you should really just get away from me while you can,” Dean laughs bitterly at the end.
“I do, okay? “ he smiles, and kisses him again.
But holy crap, Cas just asked if there’s something he can do about his boner. And there is nothing about that which isn’t eliciting about a million dirty jokes in Dean’s mind.
Cas pauses and stares at Dean, his face unreadable, “it is generally lost on me.”
“Yeah, I’m the crazy one, Mr. No hands and Flying Goats,” Dean mutters.
“Cas?” Dean says carefully.
“You’re funny when you’re nervous, kinda like a middle schooler at a dance,” Dean comments lightheartedly, setting his bottle down on the nightstand.
Cas actually begins to chuckle lightly, “Dean. I just experienced my first orgasm. I’m VERY okay.”
He finally let the water drip onto Dean’s sensitive cock and watched as a stripe of burning appeared along with Dean’s cry of anguish. “Holy shit stop!”
Sam isn’t finished yet but Dean has to look away. To think Cas was in such bad shape… because of him?
Dean can’t stop his rambling until Cas takes the words directly out of his mouth, kissing him fiercely, even pushing him backward until he has to lie down on the bed.
“How did you find me?” Cas’s voice shook as he spoke.
Sam pauses, definitely frustrated, “and I’m guessing you saw him go down this road?”
This is to help Cas. This is important.
And Castiel suddenly found himself collapsing onto the floor.
Cas tilts his head, like a puppy who’s learning their new name. Dean always thought it was cute. He brings up his hand, slowly brushing his finger against Cas’s jaw. He licks his lips and watches as Cas looks up at him, something seems to be holding him back, just behind his eyes.
“Fuck,” Dean breathed his eyes closed tightly and as Dean fell on the brink of cumming, Cas moved his hand away, eliciting a heavy groan of annoyance from Dean.
Dean can only blink. Relationship?
Never a good angel either.
An empty pit.
Castiel made sure he had his phone on him and his toothbrush and began to walk out.
Cas grinned to himself, hunter-turned-demon completely oblivious to the gears turning in his head as he kept rubbing the gland. Dean’s stare was hot and heavy and almost took the breath out of Cas before he gained his composure. He looked down to find a clear liquid trailing down the length of Dean’s dick, precum. It made him feel proud since he barely had to touch Dean at all to make this happen. Cas kept going, rubbing, and beginning to make Dean lose it. He watched as Dean threw back his head with a smack and clenched his fists tightly.
“Because I was scared,” Dean answers passively, his smile losing as he thinks about all the things they should have done.
‘Am I gay? This doesn’t make me gay right? Maybe I can just pass it off as being very close friends, because that wouldn't be gay… right? If I’m just slightly closer to my friend then most guys? Well none of it, like, MEANS anything. I’m just… close with Cas. Yeah, we’re just close.’
"I'll just leave you to it then," Crowley says, breaking the last straw and Dean looks up, ready to charge and knock the hell out of Crowley; only to find that Crowley had teleported, presumably, back to Hell.
“You mean you didn’t wanna mess things up between us so you could have me all to yourself?” Dean questions, his eyebrow raised.
That wasn’t real.
“Not really, they are able to subdue their vessel’s desires. Like hunger for example,” Cas shifts a little in his seat.
Crowley stares at him for a moment, “I can't say it wasnt fun to be watched, or fun to give him a little wink here and there, but there’s nothing more to it than that.”
And then something catches Dean’s eye, and he isn’t weirded out by it, but rather…
“How do you normally deal with a situation like this?”
“I think eventually you will heal but - Dean - you must understand that it is a painful reminder of your indiscretions.”
Dean watches that angel who is hovering just above him get lost in the feeling and touches and everything they once shared. Of course, it isn't the same, it can’t be, but there’s no point in thinking too hard about it.
“Shut up,” Dean groans, and reaches his hand back, to do some things to Crowley now.
“He doesn't actually have his car,” Dean says it a little faster, hoping maybe Sam would just say ‘cool’ and not question him about it.
He lowers down and sits with his legs dangling. He can’t jump. No matter how badly he wants to.
“It’s good to be human, huh?” Dean leans into Cas’s neck, kissing him and licking him until Cas turns his head and their lips touch.
Before Dean can even begin to stand up, Sam is already on his feet, “no, Dean, maybe you can shut me out when it comes to your personal turmoil - or whatever - but this isn’t just about you anymore. I’m not leaving until you tell me what’s going on between you and Cas.”
“Steve, you can’t quit! You’re my assistant manager and you’ve been the best employee I’ve had… well ever! Do you want a raise?” She asks with panic in her voice.
And with that, Dean acts on more of his curiosity, reaching his hand out to rest it on Cas’s knee. He rubs a little down the inner side of Cas’s calf with his thumb.
“Well, for starters, sensation, mostly biological ones. They’re so demanding. Have you noticed how painful it is to go without food, Dean? I don’t know you deal with it all.”
“Um, Cas, I don’t know that you mean that,” Dean keeps his voice level, even dismissive.
Barely a single thought runs through Dean’s mind, other than the sheer need of feeling Cas’s skin on his.
She halfheartedly returns one and sighs, “morning.”
“No, I mean I’ve wanted you for quite some time, I see it now. You say it was your fault that you started this, but I think we’re both to blame.”
Cas crouched lower, his lips just barely grazing Dean’s jaw as he whispered, “you want to be a demon? I’ll fucking treat you like one.”
“Dudes usually don’t get hard around each other either but I guess we can ignore that for now,” Dean smirks slightly, not trying to think too hard about what all this means.
“Long enough to think he should've just taken a picture already,” Crowley replies casually.
Cas shakes his head, “there is nothing to discuss.”
“Enough,” Cas sharply stood right in front of Dean, gazing down to look at the cuffs around his wrists and straps around his legs and torso, completely held down for Cas to use.
More tears fall unannounced from Dean’s eyes, and he feels his chest tighten. He doesn't deserve the angel that fell for him and gives him his love. He will ruin this angel, but he can’t stop it.
Also, I have indicated where the most graphic stuff is with a '---'
"There are not many things I understand, and I know you are fully aware of that, but I do understand intercourse," Cas’s voice remains emotionless.
Standing at the door… watching silently. That tense, dark stare that he figures would actually be arousing under other circumstances. As he sloshes back another hit of whiskey, his head happens to lookup and his eyes happen to drift over to that man. Who happens to look over at Dean.
Finally, Cas looked up, with a smile on his face, ready to accept and see his best friend again.
“Uh, alright,” Sam sounded unsure and took a beat to look between the offending men, but nevertheless left the dungeon, the door slamming behind him.
Dean just lets his hand stay at his knee for a moment, letting Cas get used to the idea of it all. He travels his hand over the whole of Cas’s calf, and he seems to be slowly relaxing and focussing on the touch. A small part of Dean wishes there weren't any pants in his way, but he keeps going, now up along his thigh. Feeling the pressure and movement of a hand still seems a bit new to Cas. He stirs a little when Dean’s hand grips lightly at his  hip, his breath coming in slightly louder. Dean moves closer, now just a few inches between their position on the bed. Dean moves his left hand farther up stil, onto his side, his hand reaching inside Cas’s trench coat.
Dean debates in his head, having suddenly gotten himself trapped in the web of spiraling doubt.
“Please - just - tell me if there’s something I can do, I can’t lose you.”
It’s not weird that he wants to know so much, like, this is what friends are for right? For talking about how you’ve gotten laid?
“What?!”
Oh, what the hell.
Her face doesn’t soften even as she averts her eyes. “You said…”
“No Dean, that's not what this is about,” Cas turned his head to the side, his dark glare never faltering, “this is about how pathetic and weak this all is.”
“You can leave now,” Dean spits, his frustration very clear.
Dean shakes his head, “no, stop using that word. Being with me will just hurt you, and I can’t hurt you anymore. Cas, I just won’t.”
Cas’s face fell immediately.
Sienna leans down and kisses him on the cheek before getting up to make breakfast. She knows he has a tough time concentrating after one of his nightmares. These are the mornings she takes care of things and these are also the mornings he reminds himself how lucky he is to have her.
Time to head out.
“And I don’t give a damn if it’s unacceptable for me to say yes, 'cuz I’d like that a lot.”
… Cas deserved to live with Dean?
“Mmmhmm,” Cas stares at him, waiting, and both of their anticipation builds, looking each other in the eyes and glancing at the other’s lips.
Dean wouldn’t come searching for him and he certainly didn’t need him right now. He could just call if he did, but he didn’t. Castiel was not needed. Castiel would never be needed. And that was okay.
Things get heated pretty quickly,  eliciting grunts and moans here and there. But there’s no connection, or soothing touch - nothing like…
Dean runs to the edge of the cliff, heart pounding and hands shaking. He would be drenched in sweat if the rain hadn’t already soaked through his clothes. He’s been running for what feels like days. He isn’t sure what’s chasing him but he knows he can’t stop running.
Dean rolls his eyes, “I know, I know, as an angel you don't have the capabilities to handle such emotional connection, or whatever, right.”
Dean begins, “well, other than jacking off, the next best option is waiting for it to go away. But  I'm still here so you probably shouldn't just whip it out or anything,” Dean says, on the verge of cracking up with laughter.
“You’re bloody and wounded,” Cas says superfluously.
“Wait, please tell me,” Dean’s eyes beg him to stay, to be honest and let him in.
Fuck. That makes him want to wretch. How dare he hurt Cas like that? He had no idea that Cas could literally SEE that Dean was - what? - cheating on him?
Dean absentmindedly licks his lips, “or, maybe, if someone were to touch you?”
*NSFW WARNING*
After struggling to thoroughly dry off his body with a towel, his large cut making it impossible to do so without shooting pains, he gives up and puts on his loose sweatpants. He decides to leave off his shirt for the time being, so he can deal with this darned cut.
Castiel stood still for a few minutes. His heart bumping, bumping, bumping on his chest. He couldn’t focus on a single thought anymore… what was happening?
Dean was taken aback, and hesitates for a moment. He could never seem to get used to the blunt way in which Cas speaks.
aimed with angry art,
Dean responds tiredly, with his head still half-facing his pillow.
“Dean?”
“So a werewlf jumped you in a bar?” Sam questions, his eyes still focusing on the needle he’s weaving through Dean’s wound.
Dean sighs, having trouble with the thought of promising anything.
Dean was not…
“It would be more thorough, you see it matters what material is touching the skin. Skin to skin would be most beneficial,” Cas says it a little too quickly, a little too needy. But Dean shuts his mind up.
Cas glances down, smile fading, “I thought I already understood what humanity felt like, but, actually being completely human is just so - overwhelming.”
‘Zzzzzzz,’ his phone buzzes incessantly on his his thigh, and Dean mumbles out a, “yeah?” as he answers it.
He wanted, maybe needed, to tell Cas what was really going on. All he could think about was the way Cas looked so damn heartbroken, and he realizes that things are better this way. He should be free of me.
“Well, pigs have been flying since we made that deal with Michael, ya know the one where we gave him your hands,” Sam answers matter-of-factly.
Then from behind him, he hears the sound of feet running in the distance. There are so many. They’re all heading for him as fast as they can and he has no idea what is attached to those legs. What would happen if they caught him?
And now… he wasn’t good at his job. Was there nothing in this universe that Castiel could actually do right?
“A giant? Hey, stop tickling me!” Dean flinches, sensations of fingers running down his side.
Of course, Dean is well aware that all this should be happening with a certain coat-wearing, grace-having, bee-loving man but… oh well, it’s time to stop thinking.
A crash sounds from behind Cas as he runs into his chair.
“Man, I don't know know okay, but maybe we should just focus on the fact that he could be 100 miles away from here and we can't call him,” Sam adds, annoyed.
“Well I guess that works out. I'm an angel now, as you remember that means… I have lost certain…” Cas trails off. He can barely just detect of note of disappointment in his voice.
“I had to ensure that I didn't drive you away,” Cas is more cautious with his words than ever.
Dean momentarily breaks apart and breathes, “you can put your hands on my waist or something.”
He disconnects their bodies, Dean groaning.
“Cas?”
Cas nods slowly and nervously gets to his feet, and silently waits.
“I’m sorry, I just wanted you to stop,” Dean’s eyes search for any hint as to what he is really thinking, and as Cas speaks again, the emotion in his voice catches Dean off guard.
“Yes, right away,” Castiel replied, guilt-stricken.
One chapter to go.
"Me? You make choices of your own will, if you didn't know," Crowley rebuttals, keeping his eyes on Dean to make sure he doesn’t do anything stupid - well - more stupid…
Dean pulls away, settling his right hand onto the steering wheel. Cas looks at him with concern, and is seemingly a little somber at the loss.
“Does that include touch?” Dean’s voice is softer, laced with an air of hesitancy.
“What? We can't even-”
As Crowley’s hand does it’s thing, Dean leans his back into him, noticing for the first time… the feeling of bare skin.
“Hey, is it flying?” Dean asks Sam, standing in a field watching a small little pig start to hover above the floor. After growing wings.
Cas stalls, shifting his eyes around the room, thinking. “No. That’s not entirely true.”
“Okay but - um,” Cas shifts again, “it’s rather uncomfortable.”
“I apologize, how may I help you?” Cas greeted.
Ringing makes Dean look up in confusion, but he can already tell its not coming from his own phone. He turns around and finally spots something black that’s peeking out from the bottom of the bed. He walks over and reaches for it, now seeing clearly that it’s Cas’s.
And with that, Cas turns around to begin heading up the road. “Wait, Cas.”
No one was standing in front of him. Castiel just stared into the wall on the other side of the overpass. Dean wasn’t here at all. No one was around him. Castiel imagined it.
Cas’s mind seems to be wandering, over all the little things he’s noticed about his new life, and he closes his eyes for a moment. Dean’s wanders a little too, thinking, ‘biological sensation, hm? I wonder…’
Cas took a minute to recompose, “you and I both know we’re past tenderness, unless of course you want to give up now,” Cas gave a casual shrug, meanwhile he felt anything but.
There is enough light (in combination with the impala headlights and the full moon) for them to both see in what condition the other is in. Cas looks over to the road, clothes lightly rustling in the chilling breeze. He looks worn out, like he’d been searching through a dark and empty cavern for years, in hope of finding one last breath of air.
Dean makes his way into the library, sighing with relief when he finds Cas standing still for a moment. He is stood with his back toward Dean, crossing his arms. Dean takes a moment to breathe, just waiting for an outburst. The dim light originating from a small lamp on the table to their right highlights only Cas, marking a faint line across the carpet that separates the two of them
That’s news to Dean. “You mean to say that I messed with my soul?”
“I don't understand, are you asking whether or not angels take their rings off? Cas tilts his head, his brows slightly furrowed.
Dean is still about a foot away but Cas shifts uncomfortably again, his pants seem to be getting even more tight.
And now Dean is a little unsure too.
He couldn’t make out the details of the man’s face, but Castiel said, “hello. Welcome to the Gas n’ Sip.”
“Look - I know I fucked up,” Dean begins. Cas looks back down, to continue reading. “Maybe we can - I don’t know - talk? We never really did that.”
He didn’t *want* to die but… he didn’t much care one way or the other. Never really had. He had just wanted to make the world better… For humanity… For…
“Sammy!”
He debates if he should stay here, comfortably lying down with a body close to him. It’s warm, relaxing, and tinged with a subtle yet engrossing feeling of obscenity. It would be so easy just to give in again, to the feverish desire that calls promising intoxication and euphoria.
“Dean,” a familiar deep voice calls his name from below.
“Dean,” there is an icy yet burning fire in his tone, “tonight - I didn’t stop you. You let him into your room - and into… and I didn't stop you. Please, show me some respect and leave me alone.”
“Actually, he may be closer than that.”
And when he has those nightmares… a small part of him wishes they would never end. He wants to go back to sleep and hear that voice say his name again. On mornings like this it takes all of his energy to keep himself from sleeping forever.
Sam just stares for a second, “um - how should I know?”
“What in hell,” Dean growled, his face contorting from the burn. Dean let out a sound that seemed to mix a growl and a yell.
This time, they aren't slow, they aren't calculating the subtle reactions of each other. Especially since every reaction is far from subtle. Dean leans into Cas, giving him all he’s got, all the bottled up emotion and words unsaid come out through his fast, unbreaking kiss.
Dean likes Sienna. She’s nice and pretty and used to be a hunter too. He met her a couple of months ago at a bar and they just clicked. He remembers calling Sam the night they met, worried because he hadn’t tried to really impress a girl in a long time. He’d had one-night stands here and there but nothing serious. Sam reassured him that if he was ready then he should go for it, especially now that they both lead pretty normal lives.
“Holy water? Wow, how original,” Dean shook his head.
“No, I, uh, I mean,” Dean calms down, not sure that he should even ask this or why wants to, “can angels like get freaky?”
“You don’t need to ask everytime,” Cas replies with amusement.
“I think,” Cas tilted his head slightly, “that's exactly what you're going to do.”
“I'm sorry, I wasn't sure if you wanted me to keep going, because you don't want me right?” Cas feigned ignorance, hoping to make him regret his pathetic insult now that his orgasm had been denied.
“Please,” Dean breathes.
With a sigh, he limply grabs at a napkin, halfheartedly wiping at his arm that’s still holding the steering wheel. Grunting, he gives up, opting to wash himself up when he gets back. But thinking about it, he really doesn’t wanna go back. In fact, going to the bar and almost getting laid before the guy wolfed out, that was all kind of fun actually. Maybe it’s fucked up but, it gave him perspective. He had been in the same position that a lot of people he saved (or was too late to save) were in. Being hunted unsuspectingly by a creature that goes bump in the night. Except Dean can fight them, which is more than a lot of people can say. But that is his job after all, to fight those kinds of things.
… So… that just happened.
“Later,” Cas is clearly siding more toward the ‘rip all clothes off,’ approach, as he roughly grabs the base of the knot and pulls it loose.
“I shouldn't have done that. Hand holding is - kind of - romantic,” Dean explains to Cas.
Sam looks at him with furrowed brows, confused.
A mix of nerves and surprise cause Dean to start laughing, hugging his stomach with his hands, “yeah, you’re absolutely  wrecking me, Cas and it's fucking awesome.”
“I don’t want to assume things here, but uh, I think I have reason to believe you might be into me,” the man speaks with an air of confidence that Dean has to respect.
Cas’s eyes flick up to him.
This is my first time posting a multi chapter fic and it's kind of exciting. I'm definitely having fun with this. Well, except I hate Cas being upset but that's what you sign up for when ya write angst *shrug*
“Well that’s what you signed for when ya nabbed a male vessel. Honestly I think you missed an opportunity, being a girl is probably way more fun,” Dean chuckles, Cas looking slightly confused again.
He just can’t say it. It’s like watching an animal try to talk for the first time.
Cas fell silent again, looking things over in his head.
Cas reached down to grip his cock and slowly rubbed the length a couple of times, for no reason other than to tease Dean. He removed his hand and twisted off the cap of the holy water, nice and slow, for Dean to watch. He took Dean’s dick once more and with the other hand, slowly leaned the bottle down. Cas glanced up for a second to see Dean’s look of fear and hatred.
“Have sex?” Dean’s teeth tugs at his lips a little, “yeah, I am.”
“Geez Cas why don't you get it over with and shove your dick into me, I know you want to,” Dean sounded demanding, and Cas couldn't let that slide.
Frankly, it’s downright heavenly when Dean finally gets the last button done. He begins to hold the edges in order to take the shirt off Cas, but Cas beats him to it, rushing to get free. But one of his arms gets caught in the sleeve and Cas grunts as he insessantly tugs and yanks it.
Dean runs up to him, and holds his wrist to stop him from continuing. Cas yanks his arm out of his grasp, holding it closer to his body, and Dean realizes his mistake. Both of them stand there, tense, emotional, and silent.
Crowley gives a huff, and snaps his fingers. His bed is empty and Dean feels it all cave in.
With a contained little chuckle, Dean says, “Wait, wait, here.”
“Perhaps you could remove your clothing as well,” Cas sounds small again, unsure of his request.
A clinging noise alerted him immediately. He turned, ashamed that he had left his post. A good employee should not do that.
Cas rolls over onto his back, and Dean watches as he stares up at the ceiling
“Yeah but normally we also don’t talk about sex,” Dean shrugs, “screw normal. Just, sit still and tell me if anything feels wrong or if you want me to stop.”
Dean scootches closer placing his left arm under Cas’s head and leaning his body sideways on Cas, his right reaching over  his body and finally moving to touch Cas where it really counts.
‘Cas… Cas… please…’
Cas shakes his head, “that’s not an option anymore.”
“Just rip it or cut it or - I don’t know Dean but I just can’t wait for-”
Castiel looked around the gas station, waiting and waiting to see another human. The sun was shining brightly through the windows, lighting up the magazines and snack foods that he had always seen *him* eat. But... nevermind those memories or his past life. His mission now was to stay alive.
“Wait, Cas, is that you? Cas?!” Dean calls out, standing close enough to notice the features that all remind him of his friend. And then Cas turns around, warily avoiding Dean’s eyes.
Dean comments, “earlier I asked if there was anyone you wanted to do that with, and then you get a boner. Hm, I think there’s something you’re not telling me.”
"Cas!" Dean runs around the bunker like an idiot, dodging corners and door knobs, speeding his way to catch up with the surprisingly quick angel.
“I love you, Dean Winchester,” Cas whispers.
Cas just eyes him again and replies, “You know as well as any that you are a complicated person Dean.”
“Yeah,” Sam replies and then puts his arm over Dean’s chest, stopping him from getting up, “maybe I should talk to him?”
Downing the freshly ordered whiskey, he groans at the song beginning to play over the chatters of the rest of the bar.
“What?” Dean doesn’t mean for his voice to come out angrily, but he’s just feeling so urgent he can hardly control it anymore.
“Let’s go.”
Dean takes a moment, to pause, staring into Cas’s longing eyes, “you want this, right?”
“Before I would’ve easily been able to sense your heartbeat with no touch necessary, it’s just something angels are wired to pick up, since we were created to serve humanity. It was hard to adjust, you know, to the loss of such an innate sense. And I missed the beat of your heart, “ Cas looks into Dean’s eyes, “but I didn’t know, yet, the sensation of actually reaching up and feeling your heart beating.”
“Are you okay?” Dean whispers.
“What?” he sounds lost.
That wasn’t real.
Suddenly, it all comes back to Dean, every night and every touch. With both angel and demon. Dean can’t do this, he can’t let Sammy know what an absolute fuck up he really is.
The pie tasted like nothing, is been days that Dean is eating more for obligation than for pleasure. Everything just feels so... dim.
"Cause Eelin found a case here, and the thing is, her case is exactly like ours. We've been keeping each other updated about our huntings and she just told me that, how similar it is, she's coming meeting us here. Oh here, she sent me the files of the new victim. A teacher just died in her apartment, everything was locked, she was alone..."
"Is that really you?" Sam asks approaching carefully.
"The victims are the one who created them?"
And for the second time that night Dean actually considers simple kissing him. But than decides to wait. There were things he needed to say. With all this he had almost forgot that  Cas time was running out. Their time together was running out.
In the exactly time she makes a move in his direction something beats on her and just like a ghost she disappears, Sam stands where she was with a bar in his hand. "Are you okay?"
"Minutes" Cas answers with that smile  in his face, similar to the one that he had on the day that The Empty took him.
Dean just smiles. The thing was after him, not her, and he needed that. Now despite the hour that was getting close he was almost happy, relieved somehow and Jody were right, take things off your chest, admit things even if just to yourself does has the power to liberate you.
"Cas..."
Dean smiles sadly. "I did, but there's the thing about death, after the imminent threat passes is easy to go back to the old ways and forget all the fear and promises you made with the rope in your neck. And than with all that happened after that, first there was Amara and I was confused back than and than I was about to die... again... than came Lucifer, again, and... and... when I saw Cas in the Apocalyptic Wolrd, I got so desperately, I thought I was gonna lose him and didn't... and those fears and promises was all there again, if he made out of that, if we survive I'll say it all, I was so relieved when he made it, I think I was about to keep my promise when he died, in front of my eyes." Dean trembles with the memory. "And than when we came back there was Jack and that was really complicated at first, and than came Chuck and all the doubt of what was real or not. Now I know, I know he was real, his feelings are real and also mine. That wasn't Chuck, that wasn't on Chuck script. That was us."
"The Empty, a quite interesting villain, promised take Cas when he was happy"
"Like what?"
Chuck was still in the power playing with him. That's what Dean's first thought was. Cause those words... right after... Cas... Cas... "Thank you for your time" Dean say slowly trying to put himself together. He doesn't even remember how he get in his car.
"Do you think she did?" Dean was picturing the story, rejected woman die for him, comes back and ripps his heart out. Case solved.
"Mr. Barns are you aware of the letter that was found with her body, a love letter. It was directed to you?"
Dean smiles. "I'll get there, I promise"
"Yes. Is Dean okay?"
"I'm not leaving now. I'm right here Dean."
"About thirty and five years ago, we lived near each other through all those years."
"What?" Dean asks again curious.
Cas smiles satisfied. "I'm happy for hear that."
"No more monsters" Cas repeats. "He'll also close the gates of Heaven and Hell. No more demons, no more angels on Earth."
"I already have told to the agents before."
"Yes, but he don't meet the boys again. The thing about this ending is how he puts, is the message in which the story ends. This is how you'd ended if Dean didn't had go after Sam or if Sam had refused to help him in the first book. Dean would die young hunting in one of his dad's case, Sam would have a normal life, growing old without his brother and Castiel would still be an angel helping God. The message was that you can't escape fate, is mocking the whole Team Free Will thing, he wanted to give you guys a feeling of freedom just to take it away. To laugh at you, so in the end of the book we get to see that the villain, God himself actually won, even if technically Sam and Dean had defeated him, his ending was already written, as it was written so it shall be. Also you two ended up alone, just the two of you, actually it kind felt a bit incestuous for me, anyway he took away all family you found in the way, his way of mock our favorite motto: family doesn't end in blood. Cause It did. So this is his ending. No free will, no family by heart, no chance to live for Dean, Sam's only chance to live is after his brother dies. If you ask me I think he hated you mostly Dean. Anyways I'm just really relieved and happy that you beat him, so now you are free?"
"There's more. Changes." Cas proceed "The monsters they won't be able to create more monsters, or passes on their gene. Those who exist will still exist, just there won't be anymore of them in the future."
"Doesn't matter"
"Dean"Sam calls him "are you okay?"
"Oh yes, we're fine. Oh my God, does that mean I dated God?"
"We should go back to search more. Search for something that happened three weeks ago around here, that might have triggered this."
"I don't know... something's wrong"
Before anyone can answer, everybody is toss in a direction, falling in the ground or against the car and being kept there. Dean is tossed against a part of a wood pillar broken by the car, he feels a sting pain in his back and chest even though the Thoughtform is right before him. He feel he can't move, the thing is keeping him there like is doing with everyone. It gets closer to Dean. He has to think, he has to find a way, because he wanted to live and because he has to protect them, after finishing him up, it would hurt Claire and who know who else, it was his creation, his responsibility. He has to find a way...
Few years after John was born Dean and Cas adopted a baby girl they named Mary Ellen. Dean would put her to sleep singing Simple Man from Lynyrd Skynyrd. And there was something that he always, always said to her, especially when she was crying or uneasy, something he thought we would never say, but things were different now, he had hope, he had hope and faith that there was something above them, he knew there was something good, there was a God now that was in their side, he knew now that good things could happen. So he would always say to baby Mary, before putting her to sleep, rocking her in his arms "it's okay beauty, everything's okay, the angels are watching over you." Cas would smile and kiss her forehead and sometimes he would joke about how she had a dad for angel. "Former angel" Dean would correct him smiling. They would laugh and kiss each other. Life was good.
Dean smiles at that. The shock makes hard to process everything he's saying, everything that Cas is saying. Cas is saying cause he's there, alive.
Sam takes a deep breath. "The Thoughtform Dean... I believe it was created by you."
"Hello Dean" Cas voice breaks through the darkness of the room. For one moment Dean can't move or say a word.
"No" She replies "I'll rip your heart out cause you've already done yourself"
"Is everything okay?"Cas asks as soon as his eyes fall in Dean.
"Well after I become demon, when I was back to myself but still bearing the mark I felt like I had an appointment with death, I felt I would've to be put down any moment... and so it became hard for me to supress those feelings cause... when you think you're about to die you starts to think about all things you wanted do, all things you wanted to experience... people you wanted to I don't know... be with in a different way, feelings you wanted to explore more deep to figure them out better but you didn't because of whatever reason and you realize is too late and... a feeling of sorrow and despair starts to fulfill your heart... you know... And you starts to think if only I had more time... it was in this moment of my life that I admitted to myself that I truly had feelings for him, that if I had more time I would've tell him and I would've explored those feelings to understand them, I would've tried..."
"So you guys are okay?" Sams asks concerned.
When Sam kisses her, he feels how he truly loves her, how everything seems to had lead to that moment. How he is happy.
Sam smiles at this too, but Dean can only think in one thing "Does that mean you too? You won't be... here anymore?!"
"Son of a bitch" Dean whispers.
Cas knows what is he talking about. He gets closer to him. "No I wasn't. You're just letting pain and guilt blur your judgment. Dean the thing you need mostly in this world is the one thing you were never able to give to yourself, but you have to. Love. You need learn to love yourself and forgive yourself is the first step to it. So those people lives is on you, how many people's lives is on me? On Sam? We all made mistakes, we all did things that can't be fix and we have to learn how to live with it, how to forgive ourselves."
"Cas please..." That was something stupid to say, cause it wasn't on Cas hands... but maybe... a prayer starts to play in the back of his mind... Jack if you can hear me... let him stay... please... if he wants to, let him stay.
Sam look from Eelin to Dean to Cas.
"A Thoughtform?" Dean asks drinking a beer, trying his best to sound and look as himself, he just can't allow himself to fall apart in front of Eelin, neither Sam should've seen him like that. But it was just too much, another story that worked once again as a reminder of what happened between him and Cas. "Right, and how do we unform the thought hm?" He smiles with a fail attempt of joke.
"Are you kidding? A world with no monsters, with no innocent people like Garth being changed or killed, that's the closer thing to paradise we can get. And also no more demons, that's a really great news"
"And what happened? I mean you won time"
After dinner they gather together in the dinner room to talk about the case, he knew he couldn't keep the truth from Cas for too long, but he was just expecting have a chance to tell the truth privately. Sam was still willing to lie about why the Thoughtform was after Dean, and je was damn grateful to him.
She takes a deep breath rolling her eyes again but bump her fist on his "Deal." They smile, knowing they would keep their word.
"Adam is not in Heaven, when Jack brought back everyone, he did him too, and remade his body. He's somewhere out there, alive"
Moment is gone. Thanks god, cause Dean had no idea of what he would say.
"Jack." Cas realizes smiling. And Dean knows he's right and suddenly he realizes that he's okay and Cas is okay and Sam is okay, they were okay, they won, they weren't in danger anymore  they could finally breath. They were free. And Jack... Jack was out there, was there with them, watching over them. Thank you Jack.
"Dean he... he doesn't even wanna tell him, he thinks it will be easier for them if Cas doesn't know. I don't know I just wish there was a way to... make Cas stay"
"Of course you are, she's your ex" Dean teases.
"No! Cas... " Dean barely recognizes his voice, how much desperately he sounds, and in the desperation of knowing that Cas was going away, he kisses him. Cas' lips is soft and hesitant at first, and Dean is tense with the despair, but soon they both relax and it feels like they had always been kissing each other, it felt familiar like and old song that remembers you home. When they step back Cas is smiling and crying and he looks at Dean almost with unbelievable, grateful and sad eyes, yet happy.
Something cracked inside Dean. A best friend dying for the other. But he couldn't possibly think about that now. Focus on the case. Focus on the case. Dean stand up and leaves.
"What?"
"She didn't created the Thoughtform, did she?"Eelin asks once they're outside.
"I knew you didn't feel the same way. I didn't wanna lose you. Lose your friendship. Or... make you uncomfortable."
"No Dean. It won't. Say it and enjoy a few hours, even minutes is better than never say at all. Trust me. Is worth. You own this to yourself Dean" She holds his hand on hers "you deserve at least a moment of happiness by the side of the man you love"
"Right than, sounds good to me" Dean tries his best to sound like his old self, cheerful."We should pass on that dinner on our way, I'm dying for a pie"
"Can't blame the kid for not getting in contact with us" Dean can't help in comment, they left him the cage and brought him nothing but pain, Adam is probably better off without them, but Dean was happy in hearing that he was alive, he deserved a chance to live.
"Sam, the ritual you said, do you get it?" Alex asks.
"What?" His mind runs through thousands of problems, from the case to Chuck's returning, he still thinks that case was way too ironic.
"One day." Cas answers looking once again to them.
"Yes, but we need some ingredients and I'm not sure if we get time to gather it all."
"We did."
"It was. He fixed all Chuck's evil doings." Sam replies.
Sam's car appears in the same moment that Cas.
Sam in deed knew him. He was right. Dean hated himself. He blamed himself for everything and every time he thought about how his life sucked, how he wanted something better he would feel like he didn't deserve something better, he deserved the life he had, he deserved the pain, that was  his well deserved punishment. When Cas died, he died because of him, because he went after Billy, and after Cas confession, the fact that he didn't say it back, he didn't say nothing at all haunted him, it made all pain of loosing him worse. And he felt that was a deserved pain, if he only had said it... so yeah that makes sense. In his pain and grief and guilty he created a Thoughtform that killed innocent people simple because they, like Dean didn't say it back, didn't say what was really on their hearts. He killed those people. How could he not hate himself? How could he not blame himself?
"Werewolves?" Dean suggests, although the neighbors probably would hear something.
"Where's the sister?" Dean asks.
"I'm afraid so. Jack wants leave the Earth for humans and humans only, with no supernatural creatures at all. Even witches will at time loose their powers. He's also trying to make some deals with some ancient gods."
"Who feel guilty about something. Anything at all" Dean interrupts Sam's answer.
Sam calls Dean to let he knows. "Dean?"
Does Jody knows? "Right. I... here's the thing... I think, no I'm sure, I have... feelings and thoughts... about Cas that I... that hadn't always been there."
"You know I'm glad for her."
"Well as long as they don't demand for human sacrifices and crap like that..."
He needed breath, he needed some air. Outside he take a deep breath.
On their way back to the motel, Sam's phone ring, is a message from Eelin, his hearts beats faster for a moment as usually do when he sees her name. After trade some messages with her she tells him something interesting. "Hm... Dean I don't think we're done."
"And than you're gone. For good" Dean says out loud, he needs say out loud so he understands. He was already gone, and now he's back and that's great cause at least he's not in the Empty, but he still will be gone. For good.
"Hey man" Dean speaks in the other side "we didn't get luck here, there wasn't much new information. How about you?"
"About be in the pattern, or you would be able to you know..."he smiles and is actually a genuine smile cause he can't help but feel happy about his little brother, that he's finally happy, that he got Eelin.
Dean slowly turn his back, to find Cas right there, a few steps far from him. Just like he remembered him, just like he was on that day. Cas...
"Yeah bye Sam" Dean turn off the phone.
"Wait, Dean you don't wanna that what happened earlier happen again, do you?" Sam is already about to follow him.
"Doesn't matter."
"Hold on" Sam asks and turn on the speaker. "So Becky, we already know about Chuck."
"And... you'll be happy in there?"
"You can say that. She took a bullet for him"
"What?" Both of them say at the same time.
"You were right. About Jack. About how he would bring paradise on Earth"
"I need tell you something. Something I found out today." Sam speaks cautiously, what alarms Dean.
"And Dean is in love with him" she says, it wasn't a question.
Sam and Dean hesitate, he can't help but think about Becky's words, how Chuck's ending happened in the books after Chuck be defeat, after they experimented a brief peace and happiness for be free.
"Cas..." Dean begins without know for sure what say, and the moment he takes to decide, Sam calls them.
"Right, it's time for the photo" Jody announces.
They stayed in silence for a long moment, just staring at each other. Cas words running through his mind. He wanted... he wanted so bad... believe and forgive and love himself. But he didn't knew how to. "I want to..." he admits while tears drops from his face "but I don't know how."
Dean smiles at Sam protective words. "Alright, so you gotta a case right? Doesn't it sound like vamps to me, so lets hit the road."
Cas sounded so sad that Dean looks at him, he's about to ask what's wrong when it comes to him, this is his last day on Earth(his heart got tight and painful everytime he thinks that) and probably be stuck at a motel into books is not his ideal idea of passing the day. "Cas I just realized something, this is your last day around, you should enjoy it. We should do something."
"Dean I consider myself the happiest being of the wolrd, just for have met you, for have loved you, I'm free and completely happy even if..."
"Oh God... anyways, I just needed call you guys and warn you about him and about his ending. Considering he's God that means he actually makes things happen right?!"
"Because... I've never felt this way before, never" A tear drops as he realize how true that was, he loved Lisa, he might had loved Cassie, but never got close on how he... how much he loved Cas. "And he'll be gone and I... I don't know what to do."
"Right, I wait here in case he returns"
"I'm so sorry Dean. I really am." He could begin say how sorry he was. "I agree with you tough, you're not safe" if what Dean was saying is truth than he does fits the pattern. What all those people have in common apparently was guilty of not saying back, for not giving an answer after a love declaration "Come on" Sam helps Dean stand and up and drive him back to the motel.
"Yes" He was still trying to makes sense in what she said.
Dean wake up. Another day is starting. For one moment, the brief moment of blissful oblivion from everything makes he feels fine, than everything comes to him. They beat Chuck, they're free, the kid is friggin god now, he smiles and than remember that Cas is not there anymore. The smiles dies out. Another morning. Another day in a world where he is... Dean get up. Push a smile in his face. Cause that's what he would wanted. Cause he can't allow himself to do anything else than not smile, can't allow himself to grief his death, cause he's afraid that if he starts, if he starts crying he would never stop, and he can't do that. He can't do that to him. He have to live for him. And for Sammy. And for everyone who ever cared for him, who ever died for him. So he wouldn't cry, he would smile, even though every second of the day was miserable painful.
"It can waits. We're back at research I guess, that's Sam thing, besides he and Eelin can handle"
"Dean" Cas voice brings him back to here and now. He turns back to him. "What happened?"
"No yet, hold on" Sam keeps reading something "Okay, I think I got something, right here actually, a man died inside his home, with the heart ripped out of his chest. The doors were all locked. The neighbors didn't see or heard anything"
"So I just talked to Charlie, she said Stevie had a similar case in the past and she used a ritual to get rid of, they'll send it me later. I guess is our best shot" Sam says joining them after turn off the phone.
"We have to find out who created it, maybe this help destroy it" Sam suggests.
Part 1.
"I guess. I mean... yes."
Her friend, Jane, laughs awkwardly. "Well... not as close as she wanted I think."
"Hm... I think so." He analyzes his hands and than put his hand over his heart. "Dean... I think I'm human." They look at each other surprised. "How?" Dean asks waiting for the joke, for the however.
"What happened?" Cas asks also almost ready to follow him.
Sam tries smiles but fail. "Hey, I go check the teacher's friend house, is the only contact she had in town, so Dean probably went talk to her"
"What's wrong?" Dean asks as soon as they're alone.
"Why is that?"
"Nah, nothing I can't handle. Besides I got an angel by my side, right?" He slaps him in the arm.
"Can you please tell us what happened?"Sam asks.
"How do we kill?"
Yes, but he meant something different for you, didn't him? That's what Sam want to say but what he actually says is: "Yeah, we did." Dean would tell him if, when he feels ready for it.
It was strange how Cas words could affect him. He thought about what he told him before the Empty come. How those words stayed with him, how he tried live up to Cas expectations on him, Cas saw him that way, as person of love not of hatred and he tried to prove himself that Cas was right, Cas was gone, sacrificed himself for save Dean, the least Dean could do was don't disappoint him, so he was decided do that, live and make decisions based on what Cas believed. He spared Chuck. All to ended it up killing innocent people now. "You were wrong Cas"
"Something's wrong. This is Chuck's ending Sammy. He won."
"How about the case?"
"A.B?"Dean asks not letting pass Sam's attempt to put him and Cas alone.
"Hey" he shouts standing up "its me that you want"
Cas simple smiles sadly.
Dean wanted to take him to a lake, to fishing with him, just the two of them, but that would mean that soon or later they would have to talk about the elephant in the room, and Dean wasn't ready for that yet, he didn't know what to say, what he wanted to say, if he say he loved he too, if he be true with himself, admit what he always thought about it, what he always wanted... would worth it? Considering they would have to say goodbye again in a few hours. He didn't knew what to do, so instead of turn left he turn right and ended there. On Jody's. They got there at the sunset. Dean had sent a message to Sam from the car to inform him where they were.
"Why did you break up with her?"Eelin asks.
"Yeah, why?"
"Is wasn't your intention."
Dean tries keeps his whole attention in Becky's narrative, no in the fact that at least that goodbye, those words from Cas was real, was his own words. Was not on Chuck's script.
"Son of a bitch!" Dean yells at the wind "is everybody okay?"
"Not likely. His heart was right by his side. Whatever it was just killed him, didn't ate his heart."
Dean laughs at the memory, how things were different back than. How Cas made him laugh and smile after so long without doing so. Cas also laughs. "No, that wasn't a good idea at all, was it? But was fun. Good times. I don't know man we could go eat something"
"I like Eelin" Cas comments while  Dean drives to Jane's nephew's house. "She seems to make Sam happy."
"Guilty? Dean I know you, you feel things too deeply, you blame yourself for everything, will you tell me that you didn't blame yourself for Cas' death? For don't say it back? That you didn't feel like... you... deserved be punished?"
"Alright" Dean agrees, part of him wants to kill Sam, other wants to thank him cause part of him is not ready for be alone with Cas while another...
"Dean..."
No one has an answer. But at least it seems that the Thoughtform had gave them some time. They run back to the front of the house, when the cars are parked. Everyone looking around. When Dean's car turn it on.
"How?"
"Yeah..." Dean stand up and go outside without say another word.
Dean chuckles. "Alright. I got an ideia."
"Hold on, did you read it?" Sam asks what Dean was thinking.
"Yeah" he simple answers looking back at Dean judgmental.
Dean looks at her. "Sorry for put you in in danger."
"Did something... strange happened recently? Someone maybe died...?"
"I'm okay" Claire states.
Dean and Sam look at each other. Ghost. "Did she died in a violent way?"
"Dean where are you? I've been calling you for edges" Sam turn off the phone after leave the thousandth message for his brother, something was wrong, Dean wasn't picking it up, did the thing got him?
"Sam" Jody go hug Sam and Eelin.
"I'm okay." Dean says "how are we gonna stop this thing?"
"I'm scared" Dean admits.
In the cemetery they dig it out Letitia's body, salt it and burn it. Sam look at Dean for one minute, wondering, what connection did Dean found with this case? Than it became obvious. John and Letitia were best friends, Letitia confess her love for him and die for him, without ever hear it back from him. Was this what happened between Dean and Cas before he died? Sam had always been suspicious of that, but... "Dean, I'm sorry about Cas" Sam says before be able to refrain himself from do so.
Cas nodded and pressed a final couple of buttons, “that will be $10.05.”
Warning for smut - it's about as in depth as the scene between Dean and Crowley last chapter, so, not really detailed whatsoever. No 'certain body parts' are named or anything, but there is rather physical contact so if that is a problem I think next chapter will be better for you.
Dean rests his head in hands for a moment and looks at him, “you know things have been complicated with…”
Dean allows his eyes to drift upward from the sink and land on his reflection in the mirror. There’s some red marks on his arms, a few minor scratches on his face and stomach, and then the throbbing slash that’s covered in dry blood at the top of his sternum. And don’t forget the splatters of wolf blood on his face. It’s almost gruesome, but Dean’s used to the look of it all by now. He leans against the sink, closing his eyes, trying for a bit of peace and a moment of utter silence. He winces as the gash reminds him again that he needs to get on with it.
Castiel scooted himself back and leaned against the bumpy concrete wall. He sighed, his heart still pounding and his hands felt like a buzzing telephone but, he tried to remain calm. That wasn’t real.
The human with the beautiful soul which left a mark on Castiel as he grabbed it and hurled it toward Earth to be free from damnation. The soul that never belonged there in the first place. He, having heard the full story, acknowledges the irony of the righteous man serving in Hell due to the strength at which he loved his brother. And now, there he was, the beautiful soul, the man who deserved to be saved, the human Castiel devotes his life to, engaging in hedonistic acts with a beast void of and in defilement of God’s light. It was disturbingly blasphemous, and Castiel never dreamed that sort of thing would matter to him ever again but… for some reason it does. To watch that soul, which had recently been saved yet again from the torment of perdition, willingly infect itself? With the King of Hell? With Castiel’s personal arch nemesis? That was the most horrifying event he’d ever seen. And knowing all of the things Castiel has seen, that truly speaks a lot, in and of itself.
Dean shakes his head slightly, “no, I went out to drink and then, ya know, guy kind of… came out of nowhere.”
And in the end, the damn impatient Cas is the one to plant his lips on Dean’s. The roughness and bits of stubble shock him at first, as he remembers how truly male Cas’s body is, but he ignores it. Cas isn’t a dude, he’s just an ex-angel in a dude’s body.
Dean tries to hide his sudden attack by leaning in, sliding his head on top of Cas’s shoulder. He wraps his arms around his back, feeling that bare skin for the first time.
The man says a few words to the fellows he’s presumably come to the bar with, and makes his way over to Dean.
Dean is the first to speak, "let me explain."
“Huh?” Dean questions and looks down to see that his arms… have no hands whatsoever. Like none at all. Dean can’t help but scream.
Cas retracted his hand from Dean’s neck and placed it on his shoulder. Cas’s legs moved between Dean’s allowing for them to be more close to each other than they ever have been before.
Then his moans halt, his body absolutely stiff, his eyes squeeze shut, and Dean’s hand feels warm where liquid has touched it.
“Well, is there something I can do about it,” there is worry in Cas’s eyes, and he genuinely seems to want an answer.
Dean breaks the kiss, “I want you, Cas - fuck, I can't - just make me stop thinking, I need you, I need to feel you, Cas.”
There is a deep pain in Dean’s voice, and he finally understands why he never let himself think too hard. It’s just pain and only pain here. It’s self-hatred and disappointment. The best thing he can do is make Cas see that he’s the worst possible thing for him.
“No. I am going to leave, now. Goodbye, Nora.”
“Come on baby, give me it to me,” Dean replied bluntly, lifting his head to gain back as much dominance as he can.
Dean more or less quotes Cas himself.
He squinted and rubbed his eyes until he could mostly see again. He kept walking and walking and walking. This road was busy but no one seemed to notice or care that he was all alone. On top of everything, he’d left all of his money in the storage room, so he had nothing to get food or drink. Castiel accepted his fate.
Dean gulps.
“You said that my soul’s been touched - or whatever - by - you know,” Dean starts, his stomach turning slightly at the thought of presenting his idea to Cas, “and that happened because a demon was in me. Cas, you’re an angel. Maybe you need to be in me and then everything will be okay.”
Too sexy for my shirt
“I wasn’t in a very good place, Dean. I still wanted you but you didn't want me. And you must understand, I’ve never had to deal with a situation even remotely similar to this. In all my training and fighting in Heaven, never has a relationship with a human been brought to my attention.”
“I hope you have a loving family. Maybe friends. I hope you are not out here, alone, like me. You deserve better than that, my friend.”
Dean is just glad that the impala is always prepared for battle. He isn’t, however, very happy that he had to spend a few hours cleaning up a random motel room so he doesn’t get charged for murder. And he, without really thinking about it, kind of wishes that he can ask Cas to heal the bleeding gash across his chest. But he knows full well that would be a stupid move. And he doesn’t need him anyway, right? Considering he’s been hunting for far longer than he’s known Cas and always found a way to walk off things like this. And who’s to say that Cas would even want to help him right now…
This is a smaller chapter, something shorter again and to try my best to wrap all this up. :)
“You have his phone right?” Dean asks Sam as he pulls over.
And yeah, drinking at the bunker would get him to the same destination it would anywhere else, but it’s really the change of atmosphere that he craves. The alcohol is basically the cherry on top of the metaphorical margarita. And in this particular situation Dean severely needed to get the hell out.
“Okay, yeah,” hesitantly, Dean nods, encouraging Sam to get out before they could scare Cas away.
“I’m just - that's  not something you want. Not with me anyway,” Dean’s practically encouraging Cas to leave him, but that seems to be the thing he’s most comfortable with the thought of. Somehow.
“Well there’s still, um, certain things I’m learning.”
“Awww,” he said aloud, “hello. My name is Castiel.”
“Rise and shine my grumpy princess,” a gruff British voice whispers in Dean’s ear.
Cas stares down at him, roaming his eyes over every visible inch of Dean’s unclothed skin. At once, this feels a little nerve-racking, eyes beaming at every groove and freckle like a laser, but then, need takes over Dean’s mind.
Dean clenches his jaw, and releases, quickly searching his scattering thoughts for what to say, “It’s not important. I’m gonna go try to sleep this off.”
“Is something wrong?”
Cas began to trace down Dean’s neck, using just one finger. Cas could see Dean slowly tensed with the teasingly slow action.
“Yep,” Dean gives Sam his best reassuring smile, but it’s forced and Dean doesn't have the energy to really think about what state Cas could be in right now.
Dean stands up slowly and feeling himself tense with every step. Cas’s eyes furrowing in confusion. Dean walks around the table, until he’s standing right in front of Cas.
Maybe pigs can fly?
He tried to scan the chips and soda as fast as he could, but the shaking of his hands gave him trouble. He dropped one of the chip bags and the man groaned.
Castiel carefully grabbed the money and nodded, saying, “thank you, have a wonderful day.”
“So, let me just understand this one thing,” Sam glances to Dean.
“If I'm gonna teach you about touch then I think kissing is kind of important,” Dean says, wanting reassurance from him before he proceeds with anything.
“Cas?”
“I have some ideas of how we could use this tie,” Dean looks down, the blue fabric lying snugly around Cas’s neck. He stares at the thing like it’s as sexy as a naked breast.
...Never a good friend. Good friends don’t betray or hurt the ones they care about most.
Getting himself together, and pulling on a t-shirt, he walks out of his room. He notices the khaki color of Cas’s trench coat, as he walks near the library.
Sam sighs, staring at him for a second before nodding sternly.
But then it feels good, Cas feels good, leaning into him.
And Dean feels bad - or - worse than he already does, “he was walking last time I knew.”
Sam sits up, a bit groggy at first but realization hits as he looks to Dean, “Uh, how about we start with you explaining things?”
He kept walking. His stomach grew angrier and his throat grew drier, but he kept walking. Maybe he would find a homeless garrison again and make some new friends. Maybe he wouldn’t.
“So,” Dean takes a sip of beer, “how’s life as a human?”
“Pants?”
He glances to the cupboard on his left. He knows where the ingredients are. For that dream spell.
For once, they just talk...
She continues, “you were talking in your sleep, Dean. You even woke me up. Are you okay?”
“Well you were with him last night and I know this wasn't here before I left,” Dean says, sure of himself that something must've gone down.
Dean stares at him in confusion.
At last, Dean coaxes himself out of standing around, waiting for some miracle that would all at once admonish him for his wrongdoings and bring his angel back. That isn’t going to happen, and it was getting very cold. ‘I hope Cas is okay,’ his mind thinks before he can get the the better of himself and squash the girly sentinement right away. He turns back and makes his way over to the impala and down that road he had planned to drive down a few minutes ago.
Cas isn’t at functioning ability to speak, or respond in the slightest way, so Dean gently kisses his jaw, waiting for the wave to hit.
Dean walks inside, and familiar surroundings welcome him. He takes a once over at the place, which is decently packed for a random Wednesday night, and people are laughing, arguing, and best of all: drinking. Bars like this happen to act as a kind of home, something they never had growing up. And bars are the one place he can be whomever he chooses and ignore any problems that threaten to take hold once he leaves.
The two of their gazes meet, a table wedged in the middle, and their future unknowable.
“Okay, well, and then after I dealt with that, Cas was just walking around outside and told me you could explain that so, could ya?”
He started shaking.
And so Dean does just that. He plants his lips on Castiel’s for the first time in weeks, maybe months. They act slow, still both weary and a bit uncomfortable with each other. The kiss is soft, mostly consisting of light grazes. Then Dean feels two hands very lightly press against his hips, holding him. Dean uses this as confirmation that he can move his own hands up to Cas’s shoulders, wrapping his arms behind his neck. It feels new all over again, except now, the pricking of stubble doesn't freak him out. Insead, it’s welcomed because it reminds him that this is the man he truly wants.
“Drive me away?” Dean is even a little incredulous when he adds, “by telling me you didn’t want to stop?”
Now somebody else comes waltzing into the mind field that is Dean’s head. A certain, suit-wearing, red eyes-having, deal-making, King of Hell. Hmmm… yeah.
A few hours later, after they have all gotten safely back to the bunker, Dean looks into his mirror again. His heart beat steadily increasing and his breath quickening, but worst of all, his eyes are forming wet little droplets. He has to see Cas.
Sam raises a brow, starting to pat the wound with a napkin soaked in the whiskey.
Cas took a few steps closer to Dean and admired how his cock stayed perfectly erect, just popping out of his clothes and against his will. Dean must've noticed him staring at his dick because his limbs went crazy, trying to somehow get out of the restraints, but it was all futile.
“I kind of wanna make up for something,” his voice is small, unsure.
“Cas - I know-”
“Yes, and you're an angel,” Dean stared into Cas’s eyes with an unbreakable will, his lip upturned as if he enjoyed being tortured and subdued. “While we’re at it let's mention how, well, hot and bothered this makes you.”
A moment later, Castiel looked down his hands, and thought, ‘if only they didn’t shake and drop the bag.’ He was never a good employee, after all.
At that Dean’s smile grows wider, and he kisses Cas on the lips.
She called out to him, but he was already out the door. The light blinded his eyes a bit, as he had been at the shop all day and night. This never used to happen when he was…
(See the end of the chapter for
Don’t think.
Cas is silent, not looking directly at Dean anymore.
Suddenly a real hand grabs his ankle. He kicks, his heart rate climbing faster than he can shake the thing off.
And sorry that these chapters aren't very long, I'm trying to work on adding more with chapters to come. Bare with me.
“Shhh it’s just... just the beer...” Dean’s face burned up as Castiel chuckled. He pulled the underwear down just enough for his dick to came out; Dean inhaled.
“Are you kidding me right now?!” Dean scrunched his face walking towards him. ‘Cas looks so adorable when he’s mad at me...,’ he swooned.
"My name is Castiel you ass, I'll staple your balls to this board too if you say any shit like that to me again." The kid whispered a small apology and hurried away. Dean watched Castiel walk away. He only got a glimpse but was sure of what he saw and felt his face warm up; he tried avoiding him, knowing he'd gawk and burn red at the sight of that skirt on that body.
“Do you not remember the porch light sign?” Castiel squinted and furrowed his brows.
"Yeah!! I don't live in a pig's nest like you!!" Sam yelled back as he fixed up the couch.
- - - -
"You know I can't Cas."
“Ah!! Ahhh!” Castiel bit his lip shut. Dean bit and sucked on Castiel’s skin from shoulder to shoulder, focusing on his neck. He used his hand to push him closer as he rubbed the two faster and faster. He felt flustered as Castiel started to lightly thrust into Dean’s hand and dizzy to hear him moan.
“Dean, what the actual fuck you dickweed!?” Castiel sputtered. Dean looked at him with a squint he was shirtless without pants and only in his black briefs. He gawked at the sight of his broad shoulders, the little rolls his stomach made as Castiel sat slouched, and how soft his thighs looked. Is that... that’s a.. that’s a semi!?? He gulped, somewhat sobering up.
"So, about those pushups?" Castiel grinned and softly punched Dean on the shoulder.
"Ah yes, a classic destination." Castiel turned and walked with Dean following behind.
"I guess, but you gotta plan ahead y'know! Middle school could be your practice time so in high school you can impress top dollar schools, or local, with you skills! Imagine it, Dean! You could get a full ride!" His eyes twinkled.
"It'd be difficult for you, still, I think..." Castiel dropped his head down, sucking in more of the nicotine.
"Mm... nnh.. ah... ah.. Ah.. Ca- uhhh..." he felt the warm substance fill his hands. He sat there for a while trying to calm his heartbeat, ‘Just wanna be friends...’ Dean sighed loudly rubbing his eyes with his clean hand.
"Oh hey, found you. I thought I'd stay around to help out since my day's clear, but I ran out of flyers." Dean had eased his way into being able to look at Castiels' eyes without burning up.
“Oh, hey Dean!” He looked over to see Megan on Lucifer’s lap as he talked with an outside linebacker from a school near our district. “Cas is still here, man. I told him you were here for some time now.” Dean went up to them and stole the bottle of vodka Meg was holding and drank what she had left.
It was two months into 6th grade and puberty still hadn't given full effect but I had developed a more masculine and muscular toned body which was all I was asking for out of the phenomenon. God did I really want to grow up already, look the part and live it too.
“De-... Dean...” Castiel grunted rolling his head back exposing his almost always bruised neck. Dean gulped and dug his nails into Castiel’s back before reaching close and taking his first bite.
"So... Who was that you were twirling around with out there?" Some of the kids behind him laughed and I began to feel nervous. I looked back at Lee, who seemed tall enough to loom over me and older in the moment.
“No no I swear I have! I wanted to say sorry!!” There was a brief silence.
“Can I hold you..?” Castiel nodded, not looking at him but at both of their dicks.
“Then I’ll try to be there!” Castiel forced a smile as he walked back into the hallway leaving Dean sitting on the bathroom tile who covered his face with his hands, took a deep inhale as he repeated what came out in his mind, and exhaled in disappointment.
“Cool...”
The following week, Kansas High School had had an outbreak of an issue. One of the quieter girls of Dean's grade had reported a case of sexual harassment against several of the school's basketball team members, nothing to an extravagant level, just verbal. Not a lot of attention was given, though, as the girl only mentioned it to one administrator and the situation was brushed under the rug. Over time, more girls reported the same problem and there was an outbreak of angered girls speaking out on the situation. It was on a Wednesday, as he walked among the crowd of students, they cleared a path for him as they watched him walk by, becoming bystanders. Most of the crowd was in shock while others, mostly guys, giggled at the sight. Castiel came to school that day wearing nothing but a black crop top and a dark blue pleated skirt that reached to his calves, he wore his dark ankle lengthen docs with the rim of his socks poking out, his hair was the typical mess of curls. He carried a stack of hot pink paper in one hand and an open stapler in the other. He reached the first bulletin board in the hall and stapled the papers on them, which showcased words of anti-rape culture and male pride in the sexual form.
"When we used to play with my cowboys in the backyard," he pointed at the shelf above his low drawer, "and how grossed out you would get when I caught a lizard or gecko thing."
"Not coming with?" Dean shook his head.
Once Dean was at his limit, he slowed down his pace until coming to a final stop in front of the bleachers. He bent down, hands on his knees, and attempted to catch his breath.
"Like I said, college kids, you won't know anyone there." Dean looked at his reflection through the microwave and considered shaving.
"Why do you care?" Castiel asked again. Dean didn't respond he, instead, sat slowly on the corner of the bed with his back facing him.
“Nervous?” Castiel dragged his hands down Dean’s arms and onto his chest. ‘You’re looking at me... like that..,’ Castiel thought. Dean’s hands slid down the tiled floor to crawl up Castiel’s thighs, feeling their shape. He licked his lips as his eyes grazed Castiel’s lips, but in the corner he noticed the bruises again. Dean, eyeing them, ran a hand up feeling his backside and his stomach and his chest as he continued upward until he reached out for Castiel’s neck pulling down on his shirt collar slightly tracing a finger by the spots of fading bruises.
"Well duh, last I saw he was in the living room playing beer pong." Dean thanked him and found his prankster buddy being cheered on as he nailed the game like the professional he was.
- - - -
"Yeah of course everyone's already iffy at the fact that I'm, gay and to start wearing a skirt?"
“Tell me about it.”
“Dean!” Dean quickly glanced away. “What the hell are you doing?!”
“Oh well, your face just kinda looks all grumpy like that naturally.”
“Too late.” Castiel got up, kissing Dean. He could taste the bitter remains. Castiel sat atop Dean’s lap. They both looked down at Dean’s hard on and the big bulge in Castiel’s underwear.
Dean sat on the edge of his bed looking at his phone, his leg tapping at high speeds, and he stared at the recently added contact. ‘Should I text him? How would I start? He thought. He's gonna ask how I got it! I uhhhh I can say that I, uh, asked Meg! But why would Meg even acknowledge me, like, ever? I asked one of his brothers? That seems good, right? I can blame it on Gabe...’ he thought.
“Oh- is that weird to say? I’m not the one usually making the moves first!” ‘Uhhhhhh what?!’
"Oh please, I know you love it Sammy!" Dean said as the chorus kicked in. He dropped off Sam at his middle school and took the shortcut to get to his.
“Yeah...” they stood there, drinks in hand.
“My back...” Dean stretched out his arm around Castiel, adjusting his hand to rest on his shoulder blade. Castiel wrapped his arm around Dean’s head and rested his head in the nook of his shoulder. Dean’s hand crept close to both of their skin and hesitated.
“One more time, minute man?” Castiel teased.
Dean closed Baby’s door and stared at the house. There were groups of two and more huddled here and there, all smoking and talking with one another. Dean went up to the house where the door was open to anyone and looked at the packed house with three different schools of teenagers inside, Dean recognized them from when he played against their schools. He didn’t see Castiel in the living room area and headed down further into the house.
"... I did have practice, but uh, I'm so good I can afford to miss one or two times. Plus, I wanted to join you." Dean's eyes wandered down to the hem of his skirt, "You should go, they're gonna get suspicious for being in here too long."
As they stood in the garage, Castiel sat on the hood of Baby and Dean faced him leaning back on a workbench, both about a foot or two apart. They had a single lightbulb in the far corner turned on and they could barely see each other. Castiel lit his cigarette and inhaled.
“Im too sober to handle this rationally.” Dean slurred his words.
“Of course,” Castiel whispered reassuringly, raising his hand to Dean’s hair. Dean held both shafts and started moving up and down.
Dean took a moment, "... Gabe."
"Nothing much. Meg isn't here today, and I was bored."
"But Deeeaaaa-" Dean walked towards Sam , crouched down, and laid a hand on Sam's shoulder.
“Oh, uhm, well, I just... uh... Look, I’m sorry, I just kinda have to go right now...” Dean made up as he stumbled away. ‘I’ve been bored out of mind while he’s out here planning to eat some shit dick! ... No, wait, maybe he just didn’t even know I was even here...'
- - - -
"Hey kid, I saw you playing," I had a fleeting moment of hope, "You're kinda shit with your legs, no offense," oh great, thanks man, "but you're a good goalie, good hands and instincts, I think you're better off trying out for football instead." And I thought, ‘Not what I was expecting, but it's still a sport.’
“Oh that’s, uh, ok I have one; I think.” She rummaged through her purse, Dean squinted in despair.
Me and Cas sadly didn't have a lot of classes together, but we still met up after school and when doing group assignments or to study. Cas was really the nerd whose nose was in a book, whereas I took an interest in sports. The school had different options but from the sight of kids just sitting on bleachers was disappointing, but the soccer team seemed to be the most active so I decided to give it a try. After casually playing soccer with the other kids, I sat on the bleachers panting my lungs out and sweating profusely and my legs ache, an older looking kid sat next to me.
On his way to lunch, he saw him chatting with Meg in the hallway that had kids parked outside their lockers still. He gave her a small awkward grin, which was returned with a glare. He walked past them, turned around to look at Castiel, and jerked his head, signaling him over. Castiel said his goodbyes and followed Dean into an empty hall.
The guy looked at him, puzzled, "Uh, yeah..." Dean quickly took out his phone and let the man type. He thanked him and let him walk away. Dean turned around and stared at the door, slowly approaching it. He leaned his forehead on the wood and paused with his hand on the door handle. Thoughts ran through his head all getting ignored by instinct, instinct that made him turn the knob opening the door. He was welcomed to a calming blue room; it was rather small but there were wall length windows covered with thin white curtains letting the room bathe in moonlight. Definitely much more pleasant than the rest of the beer stained home. Dean looked onto the bed, marveling at the muscular back facing him. The figure was smoking, sitting up with an arm standing on the bed. The man was covered from the waist down with bed sheets.
Dean fumbled with his thumbs, "We can, like, talk..." He looked back at Castiel.
"What?" Dean had trouble looking Castiel in the eyes, so instead looked at the corner they just turned.
"Coach Singer is rather loud... Thought you said you were free?"
“Hey!” Castiel smiled as he pulled it down letting Dean’s dick out; he felt his mouth water.
"Uh, yeah, that'd be," I inhaled quickly, "fucking shitty..."
"It, uh, looks good on you, heh." Dean definitely couldn't look at him though he wanted to.
"Hey there bud, you did really good out there even as a newbie."
"Cas?" Dean whispered at the door of the shower rooms. Castiel peaked his head out from the last shower stall; Dean cocked his head back, signaling for them to leave. Dean showed him towards the back exit.
"Play outside you ass, shouldn't you be in class," the messy haired lad got up and dusted his pants, "playing football will surely get you into a hotshot college, thank god, 'cause those grades say otherwise I'll bet."
“Oh.” They both stood there staring at the crowd without Castiel.
"Uh yeah sure, I'd like to, I love playing."
Dean turned back to the girl, “Uh, are you going to drink that?” He pointed at her cup of unknown brown liquid. She shook her head, handing over to Dean. He chugged it down, wincing at the burn of bourbon. ‘Oh, she raided this,’ he laughed a little. When he opened his eyes to face the girl, he saw Castiel dragging a boy behind him.
Lucifer dragged his eyes off the girl, "Yeah, which one? Most of the usuals are."
“What the fuck do you want?!”
"So, what brings you here?" Dean motioned him to scoot over for him to sit.
"Dean, do you not care about the what's been going on or have you not even heard, which I doubt."
"Oh my god!!! It's Cas! Cas! Omg!! Hahaha." Castiel placed Sam on his shoulders and circled the living room with sudden U-turns and harsh turn around until he finally threw both him and Sam onto the sofa. They were a giggling mess.
"I wonder whose fault that is." There was a long silence.
"Wha... What about Lucifer? I know him!! He said we're pals and stuff!! And Ruby..!"
“It’s not my fault you never fuuuckin’  lock the door when shit... like this happens..!”
“Dean!” He heard Castiel from behind the guy.
"I'm glad."
"What? No way, Lee! Why would I?? What made you think that?" I felt my back start to seep with sweat.
“Are you?” Dean bent his knees to level his eyes with Castiel’s.
"Ahh, alright..." Castiel reaches his arms out to him, making Dean panic at first, raised the towel to drape over his head, they both smiled.
“Shut up!”
"I need a smoke."
"Glad you could join me." Castiel handed him a wad and one of the two tape dispensers he had. Dean opened the locker door for him, Castiel hesitated, exhaled deeply, and took a step in. Dean noticed the gym bags of his teammates.
"Sweet, will you do some push ups now? If so, it's preferable you take your shirt off!" Dean jerked his head over to see Castiel slouching back at the top of the bleachers. Dean exhaled, shook his head with a small grin, and picked up a towel he had set down on the third step, and as he went up the steps he wiped his head, mostly off of sweat, leaving it rest around his neck. He reached to where Castiel sat looking down at him, as he looked up at him. He got to examine him better now, though not even chilly Castiel wore two layers: a dark brown turtleneck and a dark loosely fit and unbuttoned shirt over it alongside black jeans and his typical docs.
"Hmm, well, watching such activities does make me hungry. So keep that in mind when you think of a place 'kay?"
"Hey... Hey!" Dean scrambled to his feet and approached the man wearing a Kansas State College sweatshirt, "The guy you were just with... Did you get his number? I, uh, he owes me money..."
Dean turned back around, "Then how about I do some and then we can go somewhere after?" He started going down the steps.
He walked in to see the oddly empty and quiet room. He heard a sudden shuffle beside him. In a flash he felt a forceful grip on his arm, a harsh pain on his calf, the pain of falling onto the cold floor, and a heavy weight on his back.
"Sammy, you clean up your room???" Dean yelled inspecting the clothes in his drawers. Saturday had arrived and Dean had given the house a one over with a broom, inspecting all forgotten corners and even dusted.
“Mmph,” Dean’s body grew warm as he swayed closer to him. Castiel pulled away, “Dean, you’re drunk...”
“Yeah and your high,” Dean whispered, leaning back in. Dean sat down beside him, his hand unknowingly crossing over on top of Castiel’s thigh, and stayed there. ‘He feels so warm and hot... I want him to be closer, I want to... god I’m burning up, like, everywhere.’ Castiel rolled his tongue into Dean’s mouth, making him twitch. Dean lifted his hand from his thigh and cupped Castiel’s face. Castiel soon narrowed the space between the two of them and draping his hand on Dean’s knee, gliding it upward, Dean’s leg tensed up. His hand grazed Dean’s boner, making him twitch, and undid his belt. Castiel pulled away, watching Dean lean forward to nothing but air, chuckled, and got onto his knees.
He parked in his usual spot and grabbed his backpack as he stepped out the Impala. Dean made his way towards the sports field into one of the side doors of the school building leading him to the locker rooms where some hot pink flyers still stood, Dean smiled to himself. He settled his backpack in his locker and took out his gym bag from his locker. Dean dressed himself in black sports shorts with a gray t-shirt with the school logo and head out through the door to the outside. He started jogging to the field, paused to stretch, and began doing some laps. He was in his element he enjoyed the feeling of the heat his body emitted, though sweaty hands and dripping on his face made him self-conscious, but he lived with it. Dean wasn't a fan of unnecessary exercise, but Sam annoyed him so much about his diet and exercise he promised him he'd do some work every now and then.
“You know this guy..?”
"Yep, let's get going." Dean and Sam both rushed out the door speeding toward the Impala arguing over whether Sam could sit shotgun; he did anyway. Dean jammed out to You Shook Me All Night Long by AC/DC, blaring it loud enough that the inside of the Impala trembled.
"Yeah... So I'm gonna head out now then." Cas traced the carved-in growth chart, his was in the kitchen; Dean remembered they stopped measuring Castiel after 6th grade, ‘Not because we wanted to.’
After speeding to Meg's house, he waltzed in giving out high fives to his friends and looked out into teen filled rooms. There were people already drunk and stripping, a crowd of jumpers and head boppers dancing among themselves, several drinking games taking place, and there never fails to be a good one or two couples borderline having sex on the couches at parties like these.
"So you and 'Cas' are what, friends?"
"Oh," I felt myself get warm, "yeah it's all thanks to my awesome teacher." Lee chuckled with a short nod.
"Scholarship? Dude, it's too early to even think about that. That's miles away." I laughed as his hand slid down my arm and rested near my hand; I wrapped two finger around his and swung our hands. ‘His hands have always been so soft.’
Dean immediately stood up, “Uh, I don’t think we can, uh, hang today. I don’t have any protection so...” He felt himself sweat nervously.
"Meg and I are close, even if she is a feisty little thing. Though I can't deny that I like that." Lucifer chuckled as he joined scribbling with Dean.  "C'mon there's for sure to be alcohol and girls there..." Dean wrote down a yes to which Lucifer celebrated quietly drawing a smiley face to then turned back around in his seat.
"Yeah, guess not," he thought for a bit, "guess I wanted to conserve some of the memories." He sat up and saw Castiel leaning on his door frame smiling and exhaling a laugh.
"Uh then," Dean pulled at Castiel and gave him the remainder of his flyers and the tape, "go hide in the last shower stall on the right, no one goes in that one." Castiel nodded and rushed out.
"Right." Cas nodded his head, "About that, did you have football practice today?"
“Yeah...” Castiel sighed, “Could you, just...” The guy looked back at Castiel and exchanged incomprehensible mumbles. The young man turned back around, glared at Dean, and stomped out reaching for his thrown pants slamming the door behind him.
"I miss you." No response. "Why don't you come over? After school, on weekends maybe, I never bring the other guys to my place. I bet Sammy would love to see you again."
"Damn right," Coach ruffled Dean's hair, "You can stick around for your friends if you'd like. I better see you and the boy for dinner tonight." Dean nodded.
“Oh yeah?” He responded unconsciously. ‘Well I do, but I don’t care... Fuuuuuu....’
"Yeah sorry Coach, I, uhm, had to do a thing for a teacher." Dean saw his teammates come in giggling among themselves at Dean getting scolded.
“Aggh!! Ok ok wai... wait... I just... mng. I’ve been trying to talk to you all week!”
"Dean!!! Let me go with!!!" Sam, Dean's 14 year old brother, called out.
"Seems occupied today, we should hurry and do this quick." So the two started plastering on every other locker and shower stall in silence. After 10 minutes, the two heard the door leading to the outside field and they could both hear chatter.
Dean twirled his pencil by the eraser watching the led drill into his half written note page letting the historical facts walk through and out his brain unnoticed. He was barely sat right with his face planted on his other hand being held up on the desk where he was practically drooling and dozing off until the shriek of the school bell sparked him properly awake. Dean swiftly threw on the letterman jacket with his name tightly plastered on the back and brushed up his books into his backpack. He joined the crowd huddled at the door shouting his goodbye to the teacher as he left the classroom. His groupies joined him outside laughing at the gossip that goes around their school about girls who are and aren't available and teachers with their tests and sharing answers. Traveling through the crowd, Dean and his buds threw around the football from across the halls constantly hitting against lockers and the occasional freshmen who had yet learned to dodge them like their older peers had adapted to.
“Ah... mm...” His head spun, ‘His mouth is so... mm...! So hot and ah... ah... wet... he sounds so... ahhh mmm... I wanna... I wanna...’  Dean dragged his hand up Castiel to the crown of his head and tried to push his head deeper. Castiel took his hand off Dean’s thigh to slap his hand off. ‘Fuck... mm... ahhh but the noises... he’s making... aahhh plea-...’
“Huh?”
It had been at least a week and half and he would catch only a glimpse of him in the hallways, but Dean hadn’t been able to talk or see Castiel at all for all that time.
“Get over here,” Sam motions him over with his hand.
‘Hot? I just called Cas hot? I called a dude hot? What am I doing? Cas is standing right here, with his freaking shirt off! What’s happening? What are we doing?!’
“Sex with?” Cas finishes.
“Y-you’re- ,” Dean groaned, the words struggling to leave his mouth.
*NSFW OVER*
"Like I said, your explanation isn’t required. I would, however appreciate it if you did not follow me into the kitchen," Cas speaks as if he believes any loud noise might cause the walls to come crashing down, keeping it monotone and carefully quiet. His eyes flick to Dean’s for a moment, but long enough for Dean see that shutting him out is the last thing Cas wants to do, but that it’s his best option. His eyes are also the only indication that Cas is feeling anything at all. As Cas turns back slowly and continues walking past the library, Dean thinks, I fucked up.
“I remember a lot from that time. Like when you told me to leave and forgot to mention that an angel was possessing your brother,” okay, that definitely stung, “So, yes. I remember.”
Not nervous butterflies.
As long as he never hurt Dean Winchester again… that was okay.
2. You have no idea how excited I am to finally publish this. But I'm not gonna tell you why.
“No, Cas, stop. please stop,” Dean opens his eyes, pleading again. Wishing that Cas would just save HIMSELF for once.
Now he really needs to stop thinking.
“Ahem,” someone from behind alerted the angel, and quickly Cas turned back.
Chapter title from the song 'I'll follow you into the dark' by Death Cab for Cutie.
“He’s left a mark, Dean, laying with a demon has - you can't see your soul but I can and it’s,” Cas shut his eyes, “it’s horrible.”
“Like this?” Cas sounds just as winded as Dean.
words can sting like anything
And then, a couple miles down the road, a coated figure drifts into view. It’s somewhat distant but Dean gives Sam a hopeful look. As they inch closer, it becomes clearer and clearer: they found him.
After a few moments, Sam walks up from the hall. He looks between Dean and what's in is hand, “is that Cas’s phone?”
“You mean, have I engaged in,” he pauses, “sexual activity? No, I haven't and I don't think I plan to.”
“Uh, okay, well that's good, really,” Sam sighed, visibly calming down, “now i'm curious, what did you do?”
“Well, first, I can’t really do this myself,” Dean gestures to his chest, “so could you maybe-”
“Well?” Sam got up immediately when he saw Cas enter the room, signaling he was finished with whatever he’d done to Dean.
Can he just get one minute of piece without thinking about that fucking angel?!
They ignored him and walked down the first aisle, and Castiel sighed. At least he was being a good employee. Cas turned and checked on the Icee machine, analyzing its parts and testing the mechanisms. He also cleaned it a bit for good measure. The handle for the blue one was jammed, however, and Castiel rolled his eyes. It’s always the blue one.
Dean…
Maybe Dean should’ve know that Cas doesn’t understand that gesture but, nevertheless his confusion and innocence is absolutely hilarious. Dean expresses this with a giant chuckle.
“No, Cas,” Dean smiles again, shaking his head, “for a guy that knows so much you really don't get subtleties huh?”
“Hey, not to ruin the moment,” Dean sighs, “but why was your phone here earlier, after you already left?
“Shhh, it’s okay,” Dean looks into his eyes, with a calm, reassuring voice, “be patient.”
“Fuck you,” Dean’s eyes held a burning anger, his fists clenched harder and he was very tensed up. It only made Cas grin.
“Like when I hold things?” Cas gives im a nervous glance.
And then Cas again.
“We should get undressed,” Cas sounds hoarse, and just as deliciously needy as always.
(See the end of the chapter for
His body ran cold.
That human that…  he saved.
Cas just nods slightly, acknowledging Dean but clearly refusing conversation.
“And that’s good. Yeah, I can just - get mine fulfilled somewhere else,” Dean hopes this will be a comfort, but Cas tenses up.
“May I touch you?” Cas’s eyes are still lingering on his form, carrying a similar need as Dean’s.
Cas stares at him, now wrapped in utter confusion. “Please stop using metaphors and gestures, I cannot comprehend-”
"That's really great to hear" Sam says smiling. "Hm, do you know if Adam is there too?"
Sam laughs "it seems like"
"That's not your business" She starts to walk away, Dean get in her way.
Cas sits in a bed, Sam and Dean in the other in front of him. "Yes. Now there's only one Heaven, instead of private Heavens to everyone, and instead of you relive your memories, you just well live, make new memories, live in peace, in the way has always suppose to be. And he wanted you to know that he's happy, and also Mary and John and Charlie and Bobby who was released from his prision, in fact there's no more priosion and Kevin was allowed into Heaven. He's at peace now."
"So Cas, Heaven huh? That's your next stop."
"You tell him and enjoy his final hours together. And in the future when pain comes, those memories, will be a tourniquet. Dean, you'll feel better just for saying"
"Yeah, he wanted us to kill each other, what happened to that?"
Sam was more than certain that the Thoughtform had caught Dean. He drove as crazy through the streets, when he saw the car still parked in the front the house, he didn't knew if that was a good or bad sign, than he saw Dean sitting in the stairs in front the building, in the dark.
"You can't do that man" Dean whispers.
"Thank you for your time Mr. Barns."
"Do you see yourself now the way I do?"
"I knew you'd like that. Now you and Sam in the future can retire. You can actually open that bar you were once talking about"
"That's not Chuck's ending Dean, that's our ending." Cas says looking in his eyes. And Dean believes. Chuck was really gone. They were free and his life was just beginning. His life wasn't gonna end like that, in fact that wasn't an ending at all, his story was just beginning. A story that would be written by himself, by themselves.
Sam was on a rollercoaster of emotions. He was sad about lose Cas and Jack. He had tried close his eyes and reach Jack somehow. He was god now. This idea makes him comfortable, there's a God above who cares, just like he always wanted to believe there was. And he would swear that sometimes he doesn feel some peace that seems come from nowhere, and can only be Jack's presence in the wolrd. When this happens Sam smiles , happy for him, happy for being alive. Happy for Eelin be back, alive and well. But ever time he think about her, every time he for a moment allow be happy for having her in his life, for they have a chance to start something, he remembered of Jess, of Sarah, he remembered how everyone he ever loved died. Eelin been there, maybe she's imune now. He laughs bitterly. He wants to believe that, all that was Chuck and now he was free, and they are safe, as safe as anyone can be in this world. But sometimes he just... he's dealing with, but he still needs time to feel safe again. And than there's Cas. He wouldn't even know how to start to express how much he misses him. But he knew it was being worst to Dean. Dean was acting normal, every day, making jokes, smiling, but Sam knows, he knows his big brother, he know Dean is devastated beyond words. He knows Dean is hiding something. He didn't give details on how Cas summoned the Empty. Something happened there. Something that changed him somehow and wasn't just Cas death. And Sam wishes that Dean would open up with him, but Dean is Dean. He'll keep all to himself untill he can't anymore. Sam take a deep breath. Worrying about Dean, happy for have Eelin, sad for Cas, happy for their be free, sad for Jack, but happy for his destiny, he seemed happy. So many feelings.
"Yeah, John Carter, 42 years old, single, lived alone, was found dead this morning by his sister, poor thing is traumatized, some manic ripped his heart out. The thing is, according to the sister everything was locked."
"Great" Dean says vaguely, observing Cas, who looks back at him, all he had to do was say Cas I need talk to you, and take him outside and say it all.
"Listen, you said I don't see myself the way people do, but I gotta tell I don't think you do either. Cas I never said that but I should, you're the creature with the greatest and kindest heart that I've ever seen. And that's not on me, that's on you. You have this bright soul, you always wants do the right thing, and you always follow your heart and that for many times had been you downfall, but you never changed, not in this, not in what matters, neither you should. I admire you Cas, cause you're brave and open hearted and selfless and... you said I changed you, but you changed me too, you leaft a mark in my arm when you raised me from hell, and after that, after all those years of you in my life, I can say you leaft a mark in my soul too. It has always been me and Sam, until you came into our lives, and it became me, Sam and you, always. You're important to me, and when I say I need you, all times I've said this, I didn't mean because of your powers or because of the help in the fighting, I mean I needed you there, with me, I needed you in my life, by my side. Always. And just like I can't picture a world without Sammy, I can't picture a world without you, without having any hope that you'll be back. That's why I'm having really hard time in find it out how I'll carry on after... after you gone." Dean swallows, feeling the tears in his eyes. Cas has tears in eyes too, he looks surprised, almost scared. Dean get closer. "Cas... I don't know how or when it happened but it did. And I know it for a while, It's been a while that I haven't think of you simple as a friend or as brother, I mean you're my best friend and you'll always gonna be but... it's been a while that I've been wondering with myself how would be... be more than friends... it's been a while I've been wanting to experiment be with you in a different way than before, but now is too late... and I... I guess either way I need try see if what you say is true, if I can find happiness in simple by saying... Cas you're loved. I hope you know that. You're loved by Sam, by Jack and you're loved by me. Cas I love you." And Dean hoped that he understood that the way he loved him was very different from the way that Sam and Jack did. "And I wish I was feeling happy like you did, but I can't, all I can feel is despair because you'll be gone in a couple of minutes and I..."
“Hey this one’s being used!” Dean heard from the other side of the door.
Dean fetched the cards in Sams' now well organized cabinets and considered sitting next to Castiel but decided it'd be best not to. He sat on a chair across from the couch Castiel sat on watching the two of them chat and play. After some time had passed Sam let him join as they were about to play a board game.
“Is this ok...?” He asked aloud as he listened to Castiel’s heavy breathing.
"What?" My voice cracked.
Coach Singer saw Dean first. "Dean? What the hell, boy? You're pretty damn late, kid. Practice is over already."
"I'll think it over."
“It’s fine...” Castiel looked up at Dean’s lusting eyes and reddened face. He ran his hands up his thighs reaching his briefs; he jokingly snapped the waistband.
"Why do you care?"
Squinting at him was Castiel Novak, a popular figure, as in the not the good type of popular, among the students of Kansas High School for being an infamous target for most high schools: loner punk, highlighted queer, reputable background, honors kid.
"Hi Dean..." Castiel considered putting out the cigarette but didn't, "What do you want?"
He walked into the dinner room where they had pushed the dinning table against the wall to make room for kids dancing to the blaring music. Dean awkwardly walked over with his head bobbing up and down to the current song’s beat, not that he really enjoyed the song or even knew of it, and poured himself half a cup of soda. He stood there a while looking at the others carelessly swing their arms up and bump hips together and couples grind against one another.
Dean eventually ended up in the garage among the stoners, lost from his previous drunken group. He wasn't much of a smoker now a days but he did have an occasional like now as he exchanged with Clark Barker, who was hopefully at least a freshmen not from his school but somehow always at these parties and always providing. He light his blunt taking in a deep inhale and while the smoke cleared up he watched a couple in the corner canoodling, he didn't look at them directly but through the corner of his eye. Two guys. ‘They are... kinda on top... of each other..,’ Dean noted. They were facing each other, an inch apart at most, one blowing smoke towards the other. A rather "good" tension could be felt from even where Dean sat which made him tense up a bit. The other inhaled the smoke and leaned closer for a kiss. Dean almost finished up the joint in one go as he watched the scene go down. They spread apart and exchanged words. One of the guys started running his hands up the other's leg and rested on his waist. They continued to talk for a while, exchanging smiles, smooth and handsy movements were made until they finally finished their smoke, holding hands, one being dragged by the other upstairs. Dean contemplated the hundred thoughts in his head for five seconds when he got up, handed his leftover joint to Clark who sat beside him, who happily accepted, and followed the couple.
“Ca-... I’m... I’m gonna... huff ahh ah..!” Dean felt Castiel’s mouth fill up with his warm substance. Castiel pulled his head back, taking it in.
“What did you plan?”
Castiel inhaled, "Makes it seem like you're the stalker..." he craned his head towards Dean and blew the smoke on the side of his face. Dean flinched. Castiel got off Dean's shoulders and stared at Dean's leathered back while he dressed himself.
"What are you doing?? Aren't you, like... like, yeah you're out and stuff but still..."
"Hey Winchester! Go further imma launch!" One of his teammates shouted. Dean joyously smiled and lightly jogged backwards watching the moment his pal would shoot the ball and, as the warning bell rung, he eyeballed it flying across the heads of students and below the hall lights. The ball was headed towards the other side of the hall across from Dean. He leapt towards it, merely scrapped the leathery surface of it, and tackled a bystander, bringing them both down. Dean cursed as he got up, looked at who he knocked down and grew serious.
"Didn't know you were so up to date."
"Ayy!! It's the one and only!! Here, your turn, you madman." And then started the round over round of games between the frisky teens where kisses were exchanged, clothes were taken off, beer spilled, pairs went upstairs, the games moved from room to room.
He played Aerosmith's Toys in the Attic as he picked up Sam, playing Walk This Way twice, and drove home. Dean parked the Impala with a grin, unable to wait until Castiel came around when he heard Sam realest himself, "Dad's home."
"Oh cool. Well, uhm, I'm not, like, punk but like, can I help you put up posters? I noticed I didn't see any flaming pink in the science wing and I'm heading there next." Lunch detention for cheating on a quiz on ions, but he didn't feel the need to share that.
Castiel pondered the idea, "Seems like a bit of a waste. I mean, just for a few sets?"
"Hey Luci, your brother here?"
"Look kiddo, I'll get you something you really want for Christmas if I can scrap up the money for it 'kay?" Dean attempted to convince.   Sam sighed and stepped out the way. "You're a champ!!" Dean hollered as he shut the door behind him and hopped into his dad's impala.
“I’m, uh, Cas invited me.”
“What do you want,” Castiel put pressure with his knee, “stalker!”
“-Uhm, look for Cas...”
“Yeah, sounds good.” He thought, ‘Why bother staying if he won’t even show up?’ Dean squinted his eyes at a kid in the corner who had his back to him, with slightly curly hair looked familiar. ‘Mmmm.... turn around for a bit, would ya?’
“Wha-,” Dean groaned.
"You know the rule, Sammy." Dean returning his hand to the steering wheel, tapping it against the leather.
"Good. Try outs are tomorrow here on the field. I'll see you then." The boy got up and left. I would later found out his name was Lee Webb he's an 8th grader who was captain of both the soccer team and the football team. I learned to love him as if he were my older brother and respected him a whole lot. I followed everything he told me to do, after all he was older and that's what my dad taught me to do. He and my other teammates taught me how to be and act like a grownup man from what their dads taught them.
"You two queer?" The boys behind him laughed.
I should be used to it..., he would reason with himself seeing him walk past his class or waiting for Meg to get cafeteria food, everything feels different when he’s out of reach but still visible... Son of a bitch! I hate when dad comes back unexpectedly!
"If you're so eager to talk to me why not do it in public; in broad daylight even." Castiel put out the small stub of cigarette out.
Cas laughed, "Oh yeah ha, the gecks and I are cool now... Sammy's asleep."
"What?"
"Dude that first half rhymed!" Lucifer, the team’s right tackle and evidently one of Castiel's older brother, shouted with his hands cupped around his mouth.
Dean sat up, “This isn’t a threat, right?”
“Ahh fuck...” Dean whispered.
"He's still out. Fine, he's fine... Hasn't said when he'll come back yet." Castiel looked out the window. Dean still had the image of his blue eyes in his head. Castiel got up and headed toward the door.
Winter break came and I had my first kiss. I remember what I thought that night after Cas left. I turned off the lights immediately and jumped under the covers, sweating nervously, so I wouldn't have to talk to dad.
“Yeah..! Yeah, he’s here...”
“So uhm, I’m gonna go-...” he said awkwardly.
"Sure sounds cool." Dean smiled as he took the papers. He headed down the science wing suddenly no longer hungry and started to staple down the flyers after acquiring the proper tools.
"It just seems right to not be a dick."
"Football?! That's awesome!! You could work on a scholarship!" Cas jumped up and down and shook my shoulders.
"Yeah, y'know I'd like to keep something above a 70." Coach Singer raised his eyebrows in agreement, Bobby would look over his grades before Dean signed them for his dad when he wasn't back, and looked around the locker rooms. "What's all this? You seen anyone before you came in?"
"Better be, I don't expect to have a queer in my team that'd be mad gross." The guys behind him grunted in agreement.
“Why did you invite me..?” He mumbled louder.
We were both roughly 12 or 13, barely starting middle school. Dad wouldn't be home for a couple of days, so I invited you over. We played in my room with Baby Sammy and when I came back from tucking him in we sat here, on my bed, talking about growing up. You looked so pretty and we finished watching some romance oldies. I can't remember how but, I felt butterflies in my stomach and it somehow felt right when you got close. I thought about how the couple in the movie kissed, how they leaned in and took in each other's lips, you closed your eyes as I crept my hand barely grazing your fingers. My tongue quickly swept across my lips, feeling my heartbeat against my rib cage, as you leaned in and, by god, your lips were so soft. My head was spinning and I felt my body melt; it felt so good though. My first kiss. There was a knock at my door and you almost pulled away but the moment made me feel good in my stomach and I didn't want it to end so I pushed forward, not letting you leave. If Sammy sees I'll just pay him to not tell dad, offer him a toy maybe. My room was dimly lit so he could've thought I was asleep and leave. In the blur that was my mind at the time, I somehow remembered how the man held the woman's hair and shoulders and I wanted to do the same, I wanted to hold you. I rose my arm and moved a centimeter when I heard the door creak open. I opened my eyes slightly, hoping it was just Sammy but, instead, I saw my dad. FUCK. My eyes widened and I pushed Cas away with my hand making him fall back and I threw myself on my back too. My face was red, my jaw was clenching, my heart was still beating, but it was drastically different and I could feel it in my ears. Fuck fuck fuck fuuuuuucckk.
Cas presses his fingers onto the skin under Dean’s neck, slowly trailing down, admiring the feel. Cas pauses on Dean’s left peck, flattening his hand over the area and pressing gently. Just over Dean’s heart.
“You could say that, sure,” Dean pauses, “So, why are you out here?”
“Let it take over you, okay, it might feel little odd at first but it’’ll be incredible, okay baby?”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean greets him once he sits down in the back seat. Dean leans back a little, locking his eyes with him for the first time in a while.
“I have an idea,” Cas leans up to whisper into Sam’s ear. He can tell that Sam was about to lose it from having to witness his brother as a complete monster, the beads of sweat and purple under eyes told the whole story.
Edit: I hope to post chapter 4 this Friday or Saturday :)
“Can angels have sex?” Dean boldly states.
Cas turned to the side and walked over to the cart containing multiple weapons and tools to aid torture. He gazed over all the options and pulled out exactly what he needed. As he turned back to Dean and showed him the clear bottle, Dean groaned.
As the ladybug wandered off, Cas said, “goodbye, little friend.”
Dean puts his hands around Cas’s neck and kisses him. He’s air and water, and Dean knows this is what he needs. This. Something emotional.
He pulls the shirt off swiftly, getting a small nervous look from Cas.
Dean furrows his brows for a second. ‘Oh,’ he thinks, ‘Cas doesn't want to see me, huh?’
Cas knew he couldn't answer truthfully, mostly because he wanted to keep their budding relationship a secret but also because the truth would probably scar Sam for life. “Uh all that matters is the result.”
“And you didn't say anything?” Clearly Dean’s wrong.
A dream is a wish your heart makes.
Cas reached for the top of Dean’s pants, whisking off his belt and steadily zipping down. When all that stood between the contact they both desperately wanted was Dean’s underwear, Cas smiled triumphantly at how Dean’s cock was almost bursting out the seem. Cas tucked out Dean’s dick and used his thumb to graze the underside of his tip.
“I’m still just learning,” Cas sighs, smiling sadly, “I’m still just… so lost.”
And he's fallen hard.
The man took cash out of his wallet and said, “keep the change. A loser like you would need it.”
“I cracked him, he should be more compliant to the treatment now, no need to thank me,” Cas accidentally let out some of his snarky side to Sam, and Sam raised an eyebrow questioningly.
He moved his hand to cup Dean’s chin, faking a tender and love filled gesture. Dean’s face was still and hard, but his breathing gave him away.
To clarify, yes, this is a flashback.
“Why have we never done that before,” he’s quiet, his mind seems to still be unfocused.
“The fuck, halo?” Dean spit out gruffly, his breathing becoming rapid and unsteady.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ganking a werewolf will do that to a guy,” Dean shrugs.
And Cas brings his head close to Dean, their lips touching once again. Dean can’t move, he can only close his eyes as a small tear escapes from his hold.
A few hours later, the sun had set. He found an overpass where he could lie down and rest his sore legs. He massaged them a bit and tried to focus on the sensations instead of the thoughts whirling around in his mind. This was his life now and he would make the most of it. To his right, he noticed a small ladybug crawling near him.
Cas’s next breaths are especially heavy, his teeth pulling his lip up to bite it, his hips moving ever so slightly up and down. He is absolutely, fucking, beautiful.
"Why the fuck did you do that?!" Dean yells, pure anger coursing through his veins.
Nodding, Dean leans back in for another deep, needy kiss. They’re both tasting something new and they both absolutely love it.
"I see now that none of this meant anything," Cas utters. Watching him from behind, Dean notices the way Cas lowers his head, his shoulders sinking, and his arms suddenly dropping loose to his sides. “Perhaps this is my punishment for finding love.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean removes his hand from trailing up Cas’s shoulder. Cas stands up, with a tad too much enthusiasm and shrugs the large coat off his shoulders. Dean looks Cas up and down, with only the suit left on, and is surprised how much more casual he looks without the coat. Then he begins to open his suit jacket but Dean stands up and takes hold of the edges. He tells Cas with one glance that, ‘I got it.’
Parking the impala in front of his establishment of choice, he takes a step out and looks around for a moment. The moon is climbing ever so lustrously up the sky for the first hint of nighttime. A full moon. The LED of the sign rests over the scene like a twisted halo. Silence would have made the whole sight dim and depressing, but faint hums and the sound of music transforms it into something a little more comforting.
“Man, I’m just tired. What is it? Like 4 in the morning? Let’s sleep and I can pour my heart out to you first thing,” Dean stands up and gives Sam one last half hearted smile. He hears Sam mutter, ‘not likely,’ under his breath but he just keeps walking back to his room.
“I believe that’s my decision to make,” Cas slowly tips Dean’s head so he looks at him again. He shakes his head with a sigh, “you still don't believe you can be saved.”
They watch each other, both debating how this can turn out, every once in a while roaming their eyes over the other’s lips. They remind each other of what they've been through. With Cas, it’s betrayal and worthlessness. For Dean, it’s self-hatred and disorientation. Neither of them want to think too hard about any of it, and focussing on each other’s breath is much more comforting. Looking at each other again is especially comforting. And Dean sees an angel, one just trying to understand. Always. Just. Trying. It’s inspiring, even, how much the guy cares about this little planet. He probably knows billions of them, but yet, he cares about this one - and about the little humans on it - and about Dean.
What happened?
but silence breaks the heart.”
He watches Sam close the door and, ahead of them Cas stops in his tracks. He turns half way, his hands in the pockets of his coat, and glances in the direction of the Impala. Sam walks up to him, and he still doesn't turn completely around.
He stops kicking.
“That is true,” now Dean is really curious, “I can't possibly tell you everything I know for I have collected much knowledge over the past millennia and-”
“I - I thought we weren’t supposed to talk about it,” Cas’s words come out a bit stumbled and hasty.
I wasn't sure if I should tell you blatantly but, I'm feeling nice, so a goat represents the devil and a giant represents a nephilim.
“You would normally not do this,” Cas tilts his head again, confused.
Cas’s eyes shoot back to him, and then to floor again, “no.”
“And blowjobs aren’t?” Cas quirks a brow.
“It feels…” Cas trails off, his voice even a bit deeper than usual.
Dean doesn’t really listen to the whole thing, his eyes honing in on Cas’s moving lips. He moves closer, kissing him again. This time, with his heart beginning to race, and nerves beginning to tingle, edging him closer and closer, deeper and deeper, into a state of passion and desire. He can’t think at ALL anymore, twisting his hands in Cas’s hair and moving his hands up and down quickly along his back and neck and thighs, touching every piece of skin within reach.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Morning, sweetheart,” he forces an even bigger and more charming smile.
He isn't very hopeful that Cas will be anywhere close, It’s been hours and Cas isn’t a slow walker.
Well… maybe there’s no point anymore.
Then Cas has that look, the one that’s been seared into Dean’s mind, and drives him crazy. Then just as quickly is it comes, Cas’s lips are back on Dean, passion and need driving their every move.
Then warm pressure rests on the areas just above Dean’s hipbones, and again, it really does feel good.
EDIT: AHHH! So as you can see, I've just figured out that there will be 8 chapters in total. I'm gonna stop talking before I spoil anything, see you soon!
Cas looks back at him, fervid and fierce. Dean continues down the shirt, each small button taking a couple seconds. He notices the  way Cas’s breathing patterns are unstable, watching his chest rise and fall.
“Aw, is ‘Deany boy’ giving up?” Cas expertly transitioned his face to the fake sympathy Dean had given him, and Dean’s arm tensed.
It’s like trying to capture a hurricane inside of a butterfly net. Only harder.
Dean watches him, unable to stop himself from doing so, and leaning down every so often to kiss his neck. His right hand transitions to rubbing over Cas’s lower stomach, easing him as he comes down. He smiles, just genuinely smiles, out of real happiness.
“Dont beg,” Cas backed up to face Dean once more, “it's pathetic.”
“Well, at least we can make up for it,” Cas reaches out his right arm and cups Dean’s left. They stay like this, holding hands and Dean staring at him with bemusement.
All this late night driving seems to be getting to him, now that he’s thinking again. The way his thoughts are going, things almost sound… deep?
He runs his hands through his hair and responds, “comin’!”
“Um, well, we were alone,” Dean adds with trepidation
“It’s nice right, to have someone touch you?” Dean’s own voice sounds a bit nervous, which is not anything like his usual self.
“Like how to tell your friend you have a boner?” Dean winks, feeling a little sympathetic as Cas’s eyes widen in total shock.
He smiles and nods, “yeah. Just a bad dream.”
“To cut it short, we kind of - accidentally left it,” Dean answers hesitantly.
“Hey, um this might be an awkward question but do angels - you know…” Dean purses, gesturing with his hands.
He finally gets up and fixes up the blankets as he does. Even with the crushing weight of regrets and memories, he cannot stand to have a messy bed.
But again, it really isn't graphic.
Dean sighs, recognizing the road as the one that leads to the main entrance of the bunker. As he hesitantly turns right and onto it, a figure walking along the sidewalk on the far side of the road looks suspicious enough to catch Dean’s eye. They also seem to speed up when they see the car. It’s hard to really make anything out of the guy, but Dean doesn’t mistake that particular coat on that particular build.
