“Yes?” Cas asked, evidently confused by Dean’s reaction.
“Close, Cas. So close,” he murmured against Cas’s cheek.
“Wow.” Watching Cas’s mouth work was... well. If he’d thought the cherry sucking thing was hot, the stem thing topped it by a mile. Especially since Cas never broke eye contact the whole time. “Um, I get off shift in about twenty minutes, but let me know if you need anything.” Why was he getting so flustered again?
“Well, that reading, Mr. Winchester, has given me some insight into your character.” Turner scratched his nose. “I believe that you are, at heart, a misguided soul. I think you were a boy who started out good, and made some bad choices out of necessity.” Turner’s eyebrows lowered ominously then, before Dean could even start to hope for surprise leniency.
“Man. You really don’t remember me?” He looked away, scratching absently at the back of his head. “Wow, um, this is kinda awkward, then, I guess.”
The Cas in the dream wasn’t
Not that Castiel had understood just what he was feeling for Dean until after he’d fallen and become human. Human emotions were known of by angels, but they weren’t known and understood. Castiel thought it much the same as the difference between seeing the painting of Mona Lisa and having actually met Mona Lisa in life and known her as a person. One, though recognizably beautiful, was flat and two dimensional. The other was unbound by simple dimensions. Knowing the surface, at any rate, did not quantify the whole and such was the way of human emotion. Seeing did not mean
Though he was old and should have been wise, Dean had been with him for several years before Castiel could admit to himself that he was in love with the young man. Perhaps it wasn’t so surprising, since he had never experienced love before in his long life.
and waits while some truly
!” Cas shouted as Dean’s hand and cock hurdled him over the edge and into his orgasm.
Dean designs furniture. Castiel comes to a realization.
“Because you didn’t want me back, so it was the only way I got to be that close to you.”
“Very much, Dean. Do you have more of their music?” Cas asked hopefully.
When Dean didn’t answer immediately, instead choosing to stare at Cas with wide eyes that were half aroused and half terrified, Cas inched closer. “If you don’t want this,” he whispered, “Then you need to stop me. Otherwise,” he said, only a hair’s breadth from Dean’s lips, “My tongue is about to sweep through your mouth and make me forget where we are for a minute.” His voice was barely audible.
Sam raised his eyebrows as he walked into the room, as if to ask
“Bobby was talking about you today,” he said as he turned down their street. “He says you’re a great carpenter and he’d hire you for good, if you didn’t have to go home in September.” Dean smiled, trying to pretend there was not a “Please don’t go back in September” hidden under his words.
“My brother… I did not need to see that. Is your room free?”
The doctor was quiet for a beat. “Mr. Winchester, do you have power of attorney for Mr. Novak, in the event that he is incapacitated?” Her voice was calm, like she knew the answer.
“What?” Cas said, looking genuinely surprised at the question.
? No!” Dean sat up straighter and grabbed Cas’s fingers. “No, man, that’s not it at all. This,” Dean said, gesturing between them. “Is fantastic.
“Babe? Come on, I’m making breakfast!” Dean called from the kitchen doorway. Then he returned to the stove and started pouring up the pancakes onto the skillet.
, man. Even getting
To his dismay, Cas was standing right there next to Sam, looking distinctly uncomfortable.
Cas downed his shot, barely flinching—much to Dean’s surprise.
He immediately dropped back to his knees and took Dean fully into his mouth without hesitation. Dean’s head fell backwards and he cried out, mindful of making too much noise, but unable to contain it. He dropped his head again so that he could watch Cas, but that just made everything ten times more intense.
Once he bottomed out and lifted off again, Cas set a steady pace of bobbing and licking and stroking his balls. It felt so amazing, it wasn’t long before Dean could tell he was close.
It wasn’t a huge change from before, but Cas had stopped becoming embarrassed or flustered at Dean’s teasing gestures and remarks. While Cas could not wink the way Dean did, he would respond to Dean’s winks with a dance of his eyebrows that never failed to delight Dean. Dean, for his part, did not seem to want to question Castiel’s change in attitude, apparently content to enjoy it without wondering why it was happening.
“I can do it, since your brother is here,” Cas offered, but Dean shook his head while Cas was still speaking.
“Okay, so we’re going to work clockwise. You have to kiss whoever the mouth of the bottle points to, even if they aren’t your gender preference. This is college. It’s about experimenting, right?”
Then Cas found Dean’s prostate and Dean felt the arousal coil up tight inside him.
Castiel frowned. He was not ashamed, as his body responded without his permission, but nor was he happy that he had these responses. He knew this would mean trouble for him. He knew what he was feeling. He quickly finished washing himself and climbed out of the bath. When he got out, he found Dean in the common room, looking over the book shelves.
“She is, yes. Some honey, too, I think. He will have a lot to carry home with him,” Cas agreed with a small smile.
“What the
“What’s up?” he forced himself to ask.
“Oh, Gavin, hello. This is my boyfriend, Dean.”
“No case, man! He sent us here to-to-to make us do what we did!” He turned back to the phone. “You’re sick, Sammy! Sick, sick, twisted and sick! I mean, who does that?”
Sam sighed. “Okay... did he say anything or just send the video?”
Thanks for sticking with me! This has been some week! And if you think I'm strictly speaking the election... I won't be the one to tell you otherwise...  (no spoilers!)(I got spoiled Hella hard myself, but it's okay)
“All right, it looks like we gotta find a room with a window. If we can’t, then we’re gonna have to go upstairs, but I’m hoping for door number one.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The road was rough and Dean was bored as hell. According to the agreement, even though they were now lawfully wed—and the gender neutrality of the ceremonial words meant Dean
“More often than not, though, the monster hadn’t done anything. My dad would always say ‘Yet, son. They haven’t don’t anything
Dean was all for it. “Sounds good, Bobby. Cas, Sam, you ready to go?”
Cas slipped his arms around and pulled Dean to him again, not for a kiss, but into a tight hug. “I’m very happy, Dean,” he whispered into Dean’s hair. “Happier than I’ve ever been. Thank you,” he said softly, kissing Dean on the side of his head before pulling back and letting go.
Cas glanced up from his book, barely aware that Dean was talking, but then his eyes took in Dean’s state of undress and went wide before snapping back down to his book. “Um, I—yes. I think I’ll do that,” he said in a rush, stumbling up and beating a hasty retreat to the bathroom.
Cas looked shocked again, but only for a split second. Then he leaned forward to whisper in Dean’s ear, quietly enough not to be overheard.
“You have no idea. I thought you were straight, remember? I thought you’d be angry, or at least so uncomfortable you’d never be able to look at me again. I couldn’t bear that idea. That’s why I came over.”
Dean had trouble catching his breath, but he finally managed to say, “Yeah, Mom. Stopping hitting on the guy I’m in love with.” Cas’s look of surprised joy gave him the strength to continue. “And in front of your husband too. You should be ashamed.”
Tomorrow is tour day, and Nashcon is after that, so the chance of getting another update before Monday is low. I meant to post sooner, but I had to turn in my Destiel Reverse Bang draft (posting for that starts in mid-March, I think), which meant I had to finish writing it, so...
Novak gave a put upon sigh and said, “I should be able to finish with what I’m doing by the time you get down here.”
He flipped over there only a few minutes into the show. He listened to stories not so very different from what Cas had gone through. Then came the horror stories of families finding out and shunning then. By the time it was over he had tears drying on his cheeks and he knew exactly why Cas had reacted the way he had the day before.
There were reasons why he’d never pursued anything with Cas. Lots of really, really good reasons that his mind had decided to fix in his Djinn dream and now he couldn’t stop thinking about Cas in ways he couldn’t have him.
Cas latched onto one of Dean’s nipples, biting softly. Dean had always had sensitive nipples and his back arched now, driving his chest closer to the touch. He keened and writhed as Cas licked and sucked at the hard little peak. Cas removed one of his hands from Dean’s wrists and used it to skim a trail from Dean’s face to his hip as Cas’s mouth continued to torture him with nipple play.
“You’re tossing and turning because it’s weird being in bed with someone you’re not touching. So get over here already.”
Dean had somehow faked a smile and gotten out of the room under pretense of needing a shower. All he had really done in the bathroom was let a few tears of disappointment leave wet trails down his face for a few minutes while the water ran.
that about him." Dean hit the wall with the side of his fist. "This is awkward as fuck, but you were the best person I could think of to ask. I mean, you did all that research when we were kids."
“Dick!” Dean accused.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to linger like that. I know you guys don’t really do the whole touchy feely thing like Englishers.” He smiled at Cas, letting him know he wasn’t offended or judging or whatever thing Cas’ panicked eyes said he was afraid of.
“Come on, Castiel.
“Cas, do you want to stay for dinner? I’m making pizza,” Mary asked.
Missouri arrives.
“What’s wrong?”
“If you want this to last, you should stop that and turn over,” Cas said.
“Dude! You are not getting my mom high!”
“Goddammit, if you weren’t so hot, I’d punch you in the face, I swear!” MHBD growled.
“Oh, my God,” Cas breathed.
This time, Cas used his tongue to part Dean’s lips and stroked across Dean’s cheekbones with his thumbs in a way that was somehow both gentle and possessive. Dean hadn’t been kissed in... well, it had been a while. And the way Cas kissed was like he wasn’t sure if it might be outlawed at any second, so he had to get every thing out of it that he could. Dean liked it a lot. They might have kept on with kissing like that, except Dean’s phone rang, shocking them apart.
Shit. Cas wanted to get together
Before either of them could protest, Garth came back on the intercom.
It was the taller man who spoke this time. “Uh, a friend of mine came to you last year and you helped her quite a lot. She insisted you were the real deal.”
“Well, I guess that depends on whether or not you intend to be a dutiful husband in the bedroom in the meantime.” Dean, rarely as smooth with men as with women, felt his face burn with a blush, but he held eye contact.
“People have been turning up dead at a couples’ retreat in Minnesota. Bodies intact with their insides dissolved into liquid. It’s impossible for anyone to tell if any of the organs were taken, because everything under the skin—bones, glands, organs, blood vessels—have turned completely into soup.”
They struggled with it for a while, Dean occasionally wondering what his mom and Cas were finding to talk about, but mostly he was too focused on trying to drag the fridge-loaded dolly up uncooperative steps. After about ten minutes, Cas strolled over.
Dean ran to the window, where he could see that other places around the block still had power. He knew he had candles, but he was equally sure he couldn’t find the box with them or his flashlight in the dark. He used the light from his phone to guide him to the couch and he sat down heavily.
It started out an ordinary Tuesday night. Dean was off on Wednesdays and Cas set his own schedule since he primarily worked from home. That meant that Tuesday night, like Saturday night, was a play night. When they had nowhere to be the next day, they could scene to their hearts’ content without Dean having to worry about having to go out into society when he was vulnerable to subdrop.
Hi muffins!!
Dean found himself grinning. Bobby really was one of a kind. “Yeah, I like you, too, old man,” he teased.
Dean pondered this for a moment, unable to find anything to ask or say. Then Cas was showing him the motel where he was staying and they were pulling into the lot. Dean knew that Cas’s reasons didn’t really explain the need for kissing, but he definitely didn’t want to make that argument. He was all for the kissing. And the rest of it.
“But you—I mean,
The gorgeous man took a deep breath and blew it out slowly. “Okay, let me start over. You’re hot so I asked a dumb question because hot guys make me nervous.” He ran a hand back through his hair. “I really, really need help. My neighbor’s dog chewed the shit out of my brother’s copy of
“Cas, this isn’t you. It’s got to be that stuff, whatever you found in that jar.”
“Okay, first off,
“Does that make sense?”
“Sorry to disappoint you, Winchester, but you’re not my type. It may be as tiny as your brain, but you still have a penis.” Henrickson gave him a smirk. “Not really my thing.” With that, he turned back to Castiel. “Sit with him till I get back. I’ve got to go check out his story and from what I know, he’s entirely capable of escaping if we leave him alone, cuffs or no cuffs.”
Before he could get Dean out of the room, however, the screen went dark and a voice said, “I’m sorry, but your allotted time has expired. If you wish to continue your journey, please authorize another $200 charge to your credit card. Do you accept?”
“Of course not. You’re being very open-minded and you haven’t refused to try anything. It isn’t as though you like all non-vegan food either, right?”
“Please, Dean, I need to speak with you.”
dollars.” She sipped her tea and then pointed at him with her fork. “That’s more than you ever get, am I right?”
“’That’s all,’” Cas repeated, his voice barely a whisper. He laughed, but his eyes shone with tears. “Dean, you have no idea what—”
“Actually, not for some time yet. I had intended to just let you two catch up until time for visiting with people, but if you want to come to the woodshed with me, you are welcome to do so.” He smiled at Sam. “After visiting, my guardian would like us to help her make cheese.”
Cas snorted and Dean smiled. He looked far happier than he had when he’d come out of the bedroom. Cas couldn’t help staring at him. Dean really was quite lovely to look at. Cas forced himself to return to the matters at hand.
“Hey, whoa! Cas, man, look at me.” He took Cas by the shoulders. “Take a deep breath, okay? No one is going to mock you. You look like your dead grandma came to play peek-a-boo and you’re freaking me out. Last thing I’m going to do is laugh at you.”
His voice cracked, but he managed to say, “I don’t know, Your Honor,” Dean said. He hesitated, then added, “Except for the part where I started out good, I guess.”
, at any rate, so either they should both be ashamed or neither of them should. Castiel thought neither sounded like the better choice. He got dressed and stepped outside.
“Yep. See you at ten-thirty!” Ben called, running toward the front door with his friends trailing behind.
,” Sam huffed. “That isn’t what I mean and you know it.” Dean could feel him staring at him for a minute before he went back to looking at the bucket between his feet. “Do you
“So what are you going to do?” he asked, terrified of the answer still being Cas was going back to Daphne.
Dean felt disappointment cover him like a too-heavy blanket. “So, you didn’t really invite me back here for sex?”
For the next half hour, the two conferred. When they were done, Cas went to implement phase one of the plan. It involved knocking on Dean’s door, which Cas was hesitant to do, but ultimately managed, after only ten minutes or so—and Dean’s gruff “Dammit, Cas! Come in or go away!”
"Look, you know I don't believe in all that Alpha-Omega crap. Never have. Right?" Dean paced the hallway outside the bathroom, making awkward apologetic eye contact whenever anyone came through.
Suddenly, though, all of Dean’s normal excuses and bullshit deserted him. He realized that he no longer had to deny what he felt. That mark meant it was okay. That mark meant he and Cas were destiny. Weren’t he and Sam always getting shit for fucking with destiny? Surely that meant he could now reset the balance by accepting his fate for once... right?
Cas pulled back and glared at Dean in confusion. It took a moment for Dean to understand why.
“Well, we’ll have to see whether we find an apartment with utilities included, I guess. If we do, it’s kind of decided for us.” He took a bite, obviously thinking before he spoke again. “Um, we do need to decide about
Cas rolled his eyes. In a gesture he’d learned years before from his shortest brother, he made a swirling motion around his face with one finger. “Uh, psychic, remember?” The pot made it seem as if he could actually see the sarcasm drip from his own lips. He licked them and watched as the green-eyed man’s eyes tracked the movement. Then the man was awash with yet more shame.
It was the truth, but Dean was grateful for the excuse to get away anyway. For the first time in his life, he was reacting, not to a hot guy, but to an Alpha. This wasn't just regular attraction. He'd felt that plenty of times. This was the primal pull of his inner Omega. Wasn't like he hadn't met Alphas before. What was different about this guy?
Dean closed his eyes, the ache in his chest feeling like he was on fire from the inside. “Cas, I didn’t—”
Cas found some wet wipes on the table of toys and used them to clean them up. Then he curled up next to Dean on the bed, lazily stroking his fingers across Dean’s belly.
Dean stared for a second. “Is there an answer to that question you’re going to like?”
“If you’re sure you wouldn’t mind... I think I would like to sleep there. At least for a while. Perhaps we could take turns?” he offered shyly.
Dean’s smile was huge. “Yeah, Cas. I’d really, really like that.” His smile faltered. “People might mess with us, I don’t know,” he warned.
Dean smirked. “Yeah, but we were finished. Also, I’m bisexual, so everyone should process that shit. I’ll give you a second.”
Dean made a face. “I’m super glad I made you wait to tell me this until after breakfast.”
“Sorry. Skipped lunch today.”
Cas didn’t waste time with responding. He just hopped off the bed and started stripping and made Dean forget entirely to breathe for just a moment. When Cas glared at him after Cas was completely naked, Dean jumped to remove his own clothes in a hurry.
Mary swatted him on the butt as she walked past. “You could learn a thing or two from your betrothed, Dean. Go set the table.”
With that, Bobby hung up and Dean stood there for a second, stunned.
He hadn’t intended to tell Sam anything, but when he had him on the phone, he found it rushing out of him as soon as his brother asked how he was doing.
better and... the last thing I want is to screw that up.”
“No, but... I already kicked you out of your bed once. I don’t want to kick you out of your bedroom too.”
“No!” Dean shouted without thinking.
Dean smirked. “He just wants to have more in common with that girl Eileen he’s got a crush on.”
“Well, if you plan to pursue something with this Cas guy—and I’m not sure you should after the way he treated you—then I guess you have to move out.” She sighed. “That’s going to suck.”
“You will only be shunned if you tell them of your intention to be with Dean. Since you have not yet been baptised, they will not shun you just for not joining the church.” Jacob sighed. “I had never entertained the idea of telling my parents or my many brothers and sisters, for fear of shunning.” He shook his head. “But I feared I would be found out, anyway. That I would lose everything and that he would not stand by me.
At first, he wasn’t sure why. Soft light filtered in through the window of his hotel room and down onto Dean’s freckled cheeks, making him glow like an angel of the surf. The sex had been incredible, and waking up next to Dean was glorious.
*boops your nose* Hey you. ♥
When the doorbell rang a few minutes later, he sighed and heaved himself up. He plastered on a a smile before he swung the door open to find only Charlie and—
She reached over and took Cass’s hand to reassure her. Cass gave her a grateful smile and they rode in silence to the restaurant. Deanna took her hand back to navigate into the parking lot and then found a space that was far away from the other cars, so they could have a bit of privacy for whatever Cass needed to say.
“I used to watch you sleep.”
“Yeah?” he asked, turning around. To his surprise Cas was right behind him.
“You are hungry?” Castiel asked, surprised. He was told that Dean would be fed before he arrived.
Dean hoped his little brother was right, but the closer it got to 5 o’clock, the harder it was to believe it. He had washed every surface that he could and done all the things he could think of to get the place ready for their (his?) exit. He tried to watch television to distract him, but it didn’t work. He stared out the window and watched a storm in the distance for a while.
“—done all they can for now, but he’s not currently conscious. His physical injuries aren’t too severe, but his head trauma was acute. They’ve got him in the ICU, on life support right now. You can come and see him. Room one twenty-six.”
“Dean, the other reason I’ve asked you here is because I find you very sexually attractive and if you are amenable, I would very much like to have sex with you.”
“Um, my name is Dean.”
“Dean, we need to study.”
At least he hoped so. He could always ask Charlie, but Charlie had never been a fan of Lisa’s so he knew what she’d say. On the other hand, Cas wasn’t coming to the party, so that was a small blessing. Dean had no idea what he would have done if Cas had said yes. He knew that he should tell Lisa he’d run into Cas—he’d always tried to be a relatively honest partner, especially when it came to exes—but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. He was pretty sure he was still too raw and that if he said something, everything he’d felt in that moment would show on his face. Until he decided what to do about his very inconvenient emotions, it was better to keep the meeting to himself. No reason to hurt Lisa unnecessarily.
Cas rushed through it and Dean slammed it behind him.
Castiel took in the sight in front of him. Dean, bent at the waist, bowed legs spread wide, ass arched up, erection straining his jeans. His cheeks were flushed and his green eyes were black. His lips were full and reddened from all the licking and chewing he’d been doing. Instead of speaking, Castiel bent down and grabbed his head, pulling him forward.
“Damn right we will,” Dean said, popping his eyebrows and winking.
. He didn’t know why it seemed so much more intimate than the blowjob... or maybe he did. Cas was in places no one else had been. Much the way Cas had been inside his soul and his brain, he was now entering his body, with the same delicate, loving touch Dean had come to depend on.
“Because a lot of things, kiddo. When do you think you can come see me? I’m free tonight and tomorrow, but I work from Tuesday until next weekend.” He was obviously hesitant to ask, “Would... I mean, do you think you could come by tonight? Would, uh, Dean drive you here on short notice?”
C'est fini! Enjoy! (Make sure you read chapter 6 which posted earlier today!)
“I need power of attorney to decide whether or not my husband
“Nothing, man. Eat your burger.” Sam took a bite of his own and waited for Dean to take a mouthful. “By the way, I’m booking my own room tonight.”
Dean reached out, grabbing him by the bicep and hauling him back so they stood flush.
to do, aside from running errands and rare family obligations, he was usually quick to respond. He was also pretty good at telling Dean if he had to go do something and couldn’t talk just then.
“Okay,” he whispered. “I see a window over there. If there’s someone in the next room, stand back and leave the fighting to me unless you’re directly attacked.”
Dean looked into those blue eyes. “Yeah, for the first time in a while, I think maybe I do.”
“And you can still come sleep with us when you have a bad dream or get scared of the thing in your closet,” Dean added.
“Cas? You okay?” Sam asked.
Soon after, Jacob arrived and Cas went to sit in the wagon to allow them a few moments for a private goodbye. Evidently, it was a good one because they were both grinning when they got to the wagon. The ride to the end of the road was much less somber than the first time.
Dean nodded and stood, grabbing his keys from the desk. Cas tried not to focus on how the cut of his suit accented his body. He tried not to be overwhelmed by those clear green eyes. And he did his best not to listen to the nervous thoughts pouring off Dean in waves.
Dean nearly came when Cas’s soapy, perfect grip slid over his shaft and his other hand slipped over, under, and around his balls. Only Cas whispering in his ear and asking him not to kept it from happening. Normally, he had good stamina. In fact, sometimes lately, it had been harder to have an orgasm and he’d been lasting almost
“I do, I think. Um, where did I leave off?” he asked, though he thought he knew.
Dean turned around, looking relieved. “No, I got it, Cas. You read. I’ll call you when it’s done.”
They were walking side by side now and Dean looked at him, confused. “What do you mean, into the world? Aren’t you, like, my keeper or whatever?”
“He does” Cas interrupted, nodding. “He wants to go out with me
Cas lay awake for a long time that night, listening to the sounds of the apartment. Sam had fallen asleep with the television on and occasionally snippets of conversation from the show he’d been watching drifted through.
Okay, so this is a stand alone, but I may come back and revisit these guys, either for another chapter or just in their own fic. Because oh imagine the possibilities, would you please?
...” Dean moaned pitifully.
Dean was getting close, Cas could tell. Without warning, he reached between them and started unstrapping Cas from the cock harness.
Cas lifted his head to look at Dean, expression full of wonder. "Really?"
utilities we’re going to have. I mean, are you going to be comfortable with having a television and telephone in the apartment?”
He let Sam and Bobby go on ahead and hung back with Cas. He wrapped his arm around him and kissed him lightly on the cheek. “This is all ours, Cas. Can you believe it?”
“You’re Gabe’s
“Cas, you’re an angel—”
“This will close D’s third eye and force him to look inward. Think of this like a “reboot” of D’s chakra, flushing out all the unneeded processes and starting fresh.”
“Dean,” she said with a soft smile. “There’s no passion here. On either side. Things are easy and that’s what I was looking for. It was enough for me, but... I always wondered if it was for you. I love you, don’t get me wrong, but I know it’s not the storybook kind.”
Instead, Cas pinched his cheek. “My beautiful trophy-wife to be....”
Dean smiled, slow and deliberate. “Oh, I definitely think so. But just in case you aren't sure, I brought this,” Dean said, pulling out a pair of handcuffs. “And this,” he said, extracting a leather paddle.
“He has a rather attractive posterior for a ‘douchenozzle,’ don’t you think?” Cas asked as he turned back around. There was a challenge in his eyes.
like and then said, “Whoa, there, Castle on a Cloud. Not so fast. This one’s a cutie. Maybe I want one too.”
Castiel enjoyed Sam’s visit immensely. Sam was much less confusing to be around than Dean, though Castiel could not say he preferred Sam to Dean in any way aside from that. However, Castiel got along well with Sam and enjoyed the same sorts of books and he was a nice distraction from Castiel’s unwelcome feelings for Sam’s older brother.
“Okay, then! Be right back with your coffees.”
“Angel, you’re amazing,” Dean whispered, pressing a kiss to his inner thigh.
Some of Cas’ anger came back at that. “But you almost
The bang of the gavel was the best sound Dean had ever heard. He was free again. This time, he was going to stay that way. His shoulders sagged in relief and he couldn’t control the sappy grin that spread over his face. Cas, uncaring evidently that Jacob was present, yanked him into another bear hug.
It had been easier than he’d thought to adjust to sleeping in separate rooms, but mostly because they both left their doors open and had their beds so that they could see each other across the hall. However, it was only a couple of weeks into their arrangement – a few days after kissing had escalated to more – when Dean suggested that Cas sleep with him in his bed.
make you sticky.”
“Aw, where did Handsome go?” Gabriel asked, returning at last from the bar.
Pap smiled kindly. “Castiel, you never fit in among the plain folk. I do not mean that unkindly, but you know it to be true. There is something… different about you. Something that we suspected the English might be better suited to accommodate.”
“Dude!” Dean bent over at the waist as the mirth took him. “You’re—you’re fisting that skeleton! I mean—” At this, Dean had to stop talking he was laughing so hard, but he all too quickly resumed. “You’re boning his bones!”
“Can’t fly but you can still do dreams, huh?” Dean reached out and pulled Cas forward. “No more games, though, Cas. I don’t like being manipulated. Some might argue consent issues, but I’d say I obviously wanted it. You didn’t have to do more than suggest sex in the dream and I was rip raring to go. I don’t like the lie of it, though, man. So from now on, honesty only, all right?”
, Cas thought with a pang. Dean was so broken even before the Mark.
Sam blushed from the roots of his hair down and refused to look at Dean. “It’snothingIwasjustwondering,” he mumbled in a rush.
Cas bit his lip, then nodded. “The stupidest thing is that I could have just played with you, gotten aroused, and just not done anything about it.” He made a face. “Not that it’s any more honest than what I was doing, I just mean, if I wanted to hide it.”
Their cocks rubbed against each other and it was as close to heaven as Dean thought he was ever likely to get. It felt like magic and joy and everything good. It felt like the best sex, ever—and they were just getting started.
Dean flushed with embarrassment and then pride. “How about gorgeous?” he asked breathily. “That a good enough word for you?” He looked Castiel up and down again. “I’m not sure it is.”
After that, they logged off and didn’t respond to further mental prodding, either. Dean gave up and went back to work.
Cas was more determined than ever to put his plan in motion and try to revive their dimming passion, the only way he knew how.
Dean looked at him in shock. “Dude, how do you know all this shit? Are you some famous survival guru or something?”
hands, I should say.”
“No, I know, sweetheart, I’m not mad at you. I didn’t mean for it to sound like that. I’m just gonna miss you so bad.” He hugged Cas to him and kissed his temple. “I only just got you and now I gotta give you away. It sucks, is all.” He kissed Cas’ mouth, firmly. “But I’m gonna stop being a big baby and we’re going out to dinner.”
And they lived happily ever after.
Cas’ gaze flew up, blue eyes bright with something Dean couldn’t read. Cas licked his lips and shifted away slightly. Then he sighed and turned away completely. He mumbled something Dean couldn’t understand.
“Dean, I—”
They hung up and Dean stared at Cas for a moment, debating whether to go back to kissing. He decided if they did much more kissing, he’d really want to be clean, so he might as well bathe now instead. He cleared his throat.
(See the end of the chapter for
He didn’t want to go.
This time, there seemed to be no reaction from Cas, so he slid his finger further and Cas moaned, writhing even more on the bed. Dean worked him open like that, alternating between concentrating on Cas’ cock and his hole, until he was using three fingers and able to scissor them.
The throng of people was unsettling for Castiel, but it wasn’t so bad with Dean by his side. He wasn’t sure how he was going to deal with it when he was all on his own. Dean looked stiffer than normal, out here among “his” people. Cas gave him a questioning look.
He didn’t say that. Instead, he went with his old standby of machismo and cockiness.
The leather snapped as it shot forward, and then cracked as it connected with the jean-clad flesh of Dean’s lovely ass.
Dean looked stunned and hopeful. “Yeah?” he asked breathlessly.
Sam nodded gratefully, skin still a dusky pink shade that Dean knew must burn. Dean stepped out, semi-deliberately whacking Charlie with the door as he exited. She looked affronted, but he raised an eyebrow and she stepped back sheepishly, saying nothing. When Sam came out, though, she stepped up and did an over-excited rapid arm pat and a low-volume squeal.
“Hey, Cas.” He stepped back from the door to let Cas inside.
"Well, the thing is...."
Set during 9.06 Heaven Can't Wait, in the fanfiction gaps.
“Show me what you got, Winchester.”
“Okay, done. I’m going to take off your blindfold and undo your hands now, all right? But don’t touch your stomach or chest or look at it till I say, promise?”
count. He forced himself not to remember how that had ended via John Winchester.
"Lube Mobile, how can I help you?" a no-nonsense female voice asked.
Cas squinted at him, obviously trying to find the lie he was sure was there. Dean stared back, impassive. Cas frowned. Dean blinked. Cas squinted harder and his mouth firmed into something more determined. Before Dean could hope to stop him or move out of the way, he reached out and grabbed Dean by the wrist. Cas’s eyes went wide and he dropped Dean’s hand before disappearing. Not before Dean had seen him turn bright red, though.
“Gerda still needed Dean, but he sent me back to pack.” Sam climbed the steps, but went no farther. “So, you’ll really come visit me, right?”
“It’s okay, Cas. What do you need from me?”
Dean’s smile was a kind of magic. “Yeah? Well, you’re in luck because I know the place that’s got the best bacon cheeseburger in the whole state. Their pie isn’t the best, but maybe we can swing by that place some other time.” Dean’s smile faltered and it was like the sun ducking behind a cloud without warning. It left Cas feeling chilled. “I mean, if you wanted. I know you don’t, uh, like me much.”
“Fuck kale!” Dean shouted, tossing his keys onto the counter and flinging the grocery bags onto the floor.
“What the fuck, Sam?”
Cas continued to look confused. Apparently, he really didn’t know. Dean shook his head. “Wow, okay. Um, well, since I guess you’re unaware, I’ll just tell you that half the unattached female population of this little community has the hots for you.”
Dean shrugged. “A little.”
"Yes. Please, yes. Fuck my ass. Want it so bad. Fucking need it-"
Lisa had scrawled it in her looping hand and felt the need to capitalize it too. Dean shook his head, eager to grab it and go. He was marking it off at the same time as he reached for a bunch of the dark green leaves, so he reached out blindly. Instead of cool damp leaves, what he felt were warm solid fingers.
“Hey, Sammy.” He walked over and put a hand on his brother’s shoulder, squeezing in a silent thank you. “Bobby and Charlie still around or did they go home?”
She made a small frown and walked over. Dean wasn’t sure what to expect when she leaned over, but it was not a gravel bass voice saying, “You should know that I am not really a female.”
As much as he wanted to believe that Cas would stay, though, Dean became more convinced day by day that Cas was going to leave. In all likelihood, he was going to choose Amish life over their life together and Dean wasn’t sure he could bear it. He was considering either moving in with Bobby or taking the Campbells up on their previous offer and moving in with them. As much as he enjoyed his freedom, he didn’t think he could take living in the apartment without Cas in it.
"I shouldn't have made you leave," Dean blurted. "I should have yelled. Or made you stay somewhere else for a few days maybe. But I should never have kicked you out. I reacted purely on instinct. We should have talked it out."
“Son of a bitch, boy, what did I tell you about switching the damn drinks?” Pamela walked into view.
They were so close that Cas doubted even tiny electrons could pass between them. It was the best Cas could ever remember feeling. And in that moment, he knew he couldn’t go on pretending he felt only friendship for Dean. He abruptly backed out of the kiss.
Dean, once again lost in sensation, was in a fog. “I haven’t what?”
“That’s cool, Dean. I’m glad. Man, I’m really glad. I wish I could come and visit you there, see you in Amish clothes,” he teased with a chuckle.
“Have you been speaking to him at all? Holding his hand?”
♫"They're in my room; They're in my bathroom; They're steaming up the mirrors... There's a ghost in my head..."♪ - Louden Swain, Overachiever
Castiel was still able to spend a few hours a day with Inias. However, that now meant spending at least half that time with Dean, also. Since baby Inias was hardly a conversationalist, he found himself talking to Dean and learning about his life. He knew it wasn’t the smartest idea, but he felt himself growing fond of Dean. Quite fond indeed.
“Led Zeppelin is my favorite band,” he explained.
Dean didn’t know where his shy virgin of a boyfriend had gone, but he liked this new guy a lot too.
“You gotta be kidding me,” he mumbled as he got out of the car.
He waited, refusing to check his phone again yet. He got up to pace instead, knowing it couldn’t have been more than a minute or two. Cas would be here soon. If he got lost, he had the phone, so there shouldn’t be a problem.
He hoped so.
(Follow my
“I kinda thought you guys couldn’t really afford me?” he asked awkwardly, not really sure how to be tactful about it. There were other questions, but he figured that was the easiest to talk about.
Cas pursed his lips. “That was not the same situation, but I can see how you might construe it differently. What I was saying then was that, if you were going to kiss me and pursue a relationship with me, you could not also go out with other people. I was giving you a choice, not a command.” He looked at Dean levelly.
“Spin again, Winchester,” someone said, but Dean wasn’t even sure who.
A topless hostess in tasseled pasties led them to their table, a fox tail bouncing jauntily off her backside. Once they were seated, a chiseled man in booty shorts and a leather BDSM harness took their drink orders and promised to be back to check on them shortly. Dean’s eyes were captured by the dancers on stage for a while, a woman on one side and a man on the other. They were both his type and it was hard to know where to put his attention. Every time one would do something to hold his eye, the other one would top it.
Cas had been unprepared for what the sound of Dean saying his name could do to him while he was in a vulnerable, aroused state. The instant Dean had called out to him, Castiel’s orgasm had swept through him, unexpected and intense. He struggled to keep silent, though he wanted to yell out with the power of it. However, when it was over, it was obvious Dean was already long gone. Cas had called his name just in case, but there was no response. Castiel hadn’t even heard what he’d said after “Cas”, so he hoped it wasn’t important.
Dean used the ancient knocker and heard its boom echo through the house. He could hear someone speaking inside, but couldn’t make out words or the voice.
Cas gave him a slow, happy smile. “I’d love to.”
Cas squinted at her with a serious expression. “Your cockblockery is duly noted and will be repaid in kind some day, Miss Moore.”
"I'm not making fun of you, Dean. You
“No, I, um, I have a car coming for me.”
“We’ve shared a room before. I can’t imagine it will be much different. I don’t sleep, after all. It’s not as though we’ll have to share a bed.”
Cas did not look any less affronted. “I don’t like it. She should rely on her natural beauty. Looks are not that important anyway.”
Dean’s whole face lit up, either at Castiel’s words or the sight of the pie plate. “Dude! You’re the best! Thanks, that is awesome!”
, is that what you’re telling me?”
They went through a door and then onto a bed, where Cas removed his own underwear and then Dean’s. When their cocks brushed together again, Dean was pretty sure his spine liquified into pure heroin.
“Hey, you okay? You sound funny.”
“What?”
They'd been together several years now, and while the spark was still very much there for Cas, he was worried that maybe Dean's fire for him was waning. He'd been worrying over it for weeks now, ever since Dean had come home from the last bounty hunt. Dean hadn't attacked him with his usual ardor upon their return and not much had changed in the intervening couple of weeks.
Dean sat there on the couch staring Cas down for a full minute, trying to process what was happening enough to make a rational decision. When the minute was up, he practically leaped up from the couch and
Dean nuzzled Cas’s ear, ignoring Crowley all together and murmuring—just loud enough for the other man to hear—”How about I do
Cas gave him a soft smile, his shoulders relaxing slightly. "Me too. At least all you've got to do is sit through my apology and not give your own, right?"
Castiel waited until Jacob left and returned with his brother’s latest letter. Then he said, “It is time I left. I have much to think about. I thank you for your kindness and your advice. I will let you know my decision.”
Cas was having a little trouble believing how well Sam’s plan was working so far. Dean had gone with everything Cas had asked of him, including kissing back like he’d been doing it for years. That hello kiss hadn’t been part of the plan, and it had taken all Cas’s reserves of courage, but he’d been rewarded by the sweetest few moments he’d known since his first years in Heaven.
Cas was acres of tan skin and rippling muscles and all 200 lbs or so was currently pressing Dean into the door while those fat, pink lips were crushed to Dean’s own. His tongue slipped out tentatively, almost shyly. Once Dean allowed it into his mouth, however, all hesitation ceased. Cas went from shy to plundering in a nanosecond, laying claim to all that lay beyond Dean’s lips.
“What’s wrong?”
Dean swallowed hard. “Yeah?”
“Ok, so you’re bisexual, but you’re not out, is that about right?” Cas asked, bluntly.
When Castiel turned to see if Dean was ready to move the mattress, he found the older Winchester leaning against the wall just inside the hallway, watching them. Cas saw gratitude on his face along with something else Castiel could not identify. He shrugged it off and offered his help with the mattress.
“G’night, Cas,” Dean said in a low voice that crackled with emotion. It was not showing on his face, however.
Cas put a hand out and lightly touched his arm, silencing him instantly. “No. I mean back then. I was in... I had feelings, but I didn’t think you could return them.”
Cas had the strangest dream.
It was Dean’s turn to frown in confusion. “How do you figure?”
He started thrusting too, the two of them frotting against each other with abandon.
“It’s fine, Dean.”
After Pam left, Dean watched Cas’s chest rise and fall, rise and fall. He waited, each time, for it to slow down and then stop, but it didn’t. He hadn’t noticed any change at all in Cas’s breathing. He remembered Pam’s words and didn’t get his hopes up, but it hurt.
Yes, everything had definitely changed.
Castiel would have made his goodbyes then, but Sam asked, “Do you want some help with that cart? I wouldn’t mind learning how to do that stuff.”
Then Castiel started thrusting less evenly. He took a hand off Dean’s hip and wrapped it around his cock instead and Dean was close once again.
“So, how’d things go with Daphne?”
Gabe shrugged again and smirked. “Eh, I just thought it’d be more romantic for you to chase him down at the airport.”
“Ooh, yeah, I like those!” Sam agreed.
John screwed up the kingdom and now it's up to Dean to clean up his mess.
Cas’s smile was brighter than the star on the Christmas tree.
With every extra second the kiss lasted, Dean’s confidence in it grew. He was a good kisser, and little by little, Cas could tell the “kissing a guy” part of it left his brain and allowed him to do what he did third best. The second was flirting and the first was fucking and, dammit, Cas wanted to experience them all.
“No clue. Bobby and Jody brought him. I didn’t even know they knew him, and yes, it is weird as hell.” Dean nodded to where a small blonde was obviously flirting with Chuck now. “Hey, but bright side, looks like that chick from Lisa’s office finally has a new target for her crazy. Looks like you might be off the hook.”
Cas looked relieved and even gave that tiny hint of a smile Dean loved so much. “So you don’t mind if I...?” He leaned forward slowly, drawing out the final syllable.
He leaned forward and gave Dean a small kiss, barely a brush of the lips. He looked deep into Dean's eyes with that penetrating stare of his and Dean felt his skin flush as a moment swelled around them.
“You do?”
-----
“Oh, thank God,” Dean said sincerely.
“Do you think... would you like to go out with me sometime?” His heart was thumping so hard he thought his ribs might break, but Cas knew he had to ask. To finally do something about this stupid crush he’d had for all this time.
Two hours later, he had not convinced the attorney to ignore Cas’s legally binding wishes, but he’d gotten her to agree to give him ninety-six hours to try and fight the order.
Dean pulled Cas into a hug. “Dude, when are you gonna realize that whatever makes you happy makes me happy?”
When the echo of the slamming door had died, Castiel thought he might be sick. He had known Dean would be upset, but he’d never expected him to react like this. Cas should have explained himself better. Or maybe he shouldn’t have tried to hold his emotions in check like that.
"Oh. Well, that can only be a good thing, as far as I'm concerned." Dean, however, was afraid to be too hopeful. "Don't suppose that means you've made a decision?"
"Another letter?"
“That works too,” Dean hissed. “But, maybe food first? I have to pee and I’ve got death breath.” He smiled, but he didn’t meet Cas’s eyes as he got out of bed.
Dean did not look relieved. There was a very definite—if very brief—look of hurt that crossed his face at Cas’s dismissal. He smiled at Cas, but it did not light his eyes at all. Cas’s confusion only deepened.
Cas pulled Dean in for another face-melting kiss. Dean had had his fair share of kisses, and he’d even given up control in plenty of them to some rather forceful women. The way Cas kissed, though, it was different. It felt like his mouth and his crotch were both being conquered at the same time. For a moment, Dean got too inside his head and thought back to his first kiss and how badly he’d done. Then Cas growled against him and pulled away.
Cas dared to look at Dean. His face was inscrutable.
“My brother warned me I might get undue attention, but so far no one has been unpleasant when I explained that I was male.” Cas broke eye contact and stared at the napkin under his drink. “You are the first whose interest continued, however.”
Dean nodded and dialed.
“Best fake-turned-real boyfriend, ever,” Dean replied.
“Oh, well, yeah, that, but I just meant people might call us names. There’s a lot of bad names for boys who hold hands, Cas,” Dean told him unhappily.
Dean grinned at him and Castiel felt himself being warmed by it. “I’m guessing making decisions isn’t really your strong suit, huh? Don’t worry. I can help you out with that, Cas, buddy.” His charge winked at him and Castiel felt himself flushing, unaccustomed to such mannerisms.
“Dean, it’s a very complicated system.” There was still amusement in his voice and something like fond exasperation. “It’s probably going to take me the full four weeks.” He dropped his voice to a whisper, even though he was in a hotel room. “They’re also not very smart.”
“Mr. Winchester, for what it’s worth, I think you’re doing the right thing here. I know you really aren’t being given much choice, but if you had had a choice, this would have been the one I advised you to take. I hope you can see that someday.”
Obviously, potentially having sex was one of the reasons too, but that was almost as scary as it was exciting, if he was honest about it. He’d never gotten farther with a guy than a few hurried handjobs and a couple of sloppy blowjobs. And while he wanted more—desperately—he was also afraid of screwing it up if he topped or getting hurt if he bottomed.
Dean intended to take full advantage of both.
“Yes, well, story time is over and romance bores me. You two love birds try to keep it down, all right?” With that, he sauntered up the stairs to his usual room.
grabbed Cas by the sides of his head, dragging their mouths together in a kiss he’d waited literal years for.
“Oh. That’s cool.” He ate some of the steamed vegetables and drank some more of his tea before he said, “Thanks for taking Dean in to live with you guys, Mr. Davidson. Juvie’s not a good place.”
Dean so wasn’t ready for a face to face with his hot, evil ex. Still, he’d started this and he
why I can't tell my dad, dammit! You
It had been nearly six years since Castiel moved in with them and that funny feeling had only gotten stronger. Of course, Dean was pretty sure by now what the feeling was—and equally sure he couldn’t do anything about it. He was choosing to date as many girls as possible to try and make it go away. It wasn’t working, but he was trying anyway.
Then she spoke and the bottom dropped out of his stomach.
Dean started to turn away, but was stopped when Cas called his name.
Dean at last allowed himself to smile.
“You kept stealing?”
Deanna looked at Cass in full for the first time, taking in the acres of tan skin and lean curves. Her breasts were smaller than Deanna’s, with large brown nipples. Deanna had had no idea they were pierced until now. Cass spread her legs in invitation and Deanna felt the fire between her own legs catch, igniting the ache deep in her pussy once more.
After getting assurances that he would be reimbursed for the lost furniture and that a new contractor would be located immediately, Cas hung up and dialed his brother.
Dean’s mouth went dry and his eyes opened wide. He could only nod, unable to find words. He wasn’t sure what Cas would do, but the next moment, Dean found himself completely naked and on the bed.
Dean jacked himself as Cas pounded into him. His orgasm wasn’t as intense as the first one, but it was still plenty strong and he groaned Cas’s name as the first fat white drops started to land on Cas’s skin.
The smile didn’t waver. “Nah, he likes it. Don’t you handsome?” the cowboy asked, turning to his captive audience.
“Oh?” she asked with obvious interest. “Such as what?”
Dean tried to be as polite and discreet as he could, stealing Sam away at the earliest possible moment. They stood off to the side of the backyard and Dean looked around at everyone else while he struggled to find his words. Lisa’s friends were taking turns seeing who could make Bobby blush by flirting with him—which Jody was watching with amusement. Garth had Chuck cornered and was giving an impromptu puppet show while Chuck just looked vaguely nauseated.
“It’s okay, Bobby. You try to do what you think is best, it just doesn’t always work out being best in the end. We kind of have that in common. I can’t exactly be pissed at you for making bad choices, can I?” Dean gave him a rueful smile which Bobby returned. “So how much are we talking?”
“Very well done, indeed, Dean. You have put in a good day’s work for me.” She smiled at him fondly. “I will save this pie for you to take to the dormitory with you. Come back and get it after supper is over.” She laughed at his look of joy. “If you ever want to come back and work with me again, I will show you how to make filling,” she told him, with a final pat on the back. “See you after supper, Dean.”
“No, I
Dean squatted down to try and reach a box of napkins that had fallen behind the other things on the bottom shelf. He heard the door jingle and then Charlie boomed, “Yo, Winchester! Where are ya?” Dean jerked in surprise, banging his head on the bottom of the bar. As he stood up, hand pressed to the knot that was no doubt forming, he saw that the hot guy was looking unsettled by Charlie as well. Those pretty blue eyes were wide and slightly terrified looking.
Dean cleared his throat and shifted in his seat, Castiel acutely aware of everything he did. “So, we went into the system and they put us together, which was a miracle. First house we went to wasn’t bad. People were nice enough, there was plenty of okay food, rules weren’t too strict, but we didn’t get to stay there for long. I forget what happened, if I even knew.”
He wanted more than this, but he was afraid. Before Dean could walk away when they stood up, Cas grabbed his hand.
Dean laughed at the tears in his eyes. He could laugh at them, now that he had Cas for real. This wasn’t one of his daydreams. Cas was really here.
“No,” he whispered. “Ho-how hot?” It was all he could do to form words.
Dean nodded and reached for Cas’s cock, drawing another gasp from him. He fastened the snaps on the leather strips firmly in place. Unlike the collar, he tightened the cock ring as tight as it would go. The small harness had the duel effect of keeping Cas from being able to orgasm and also presenting Cas’s testicles front and center for Dean’s enjoyment and whim.
“Oh.” Cas looked away and then turned back, eyes suddenly sharper. “Why?”
(PS While you are thanking SFG for me having this idea, you might also blame her for my tendency to launch into ALL CAPS FOR NO REASON AT ALL. But you might not. Entirely your call.)(I love you SFG)
“I’ve known Rufus a long time. He knows I do not lie or give praise where none is due. He will believe my positive report. I am pleased with how well you have acclimated and the way you have behaved.” Jacob cast a look over his shoulder. “If I am pleased, so will he be.”
Cas rolled a fat joint, lit it and took a deep drag. He didn’t have any appointments today, so he figured it was a good time to indulge in nature’s memory-blocker. He’d had too many weird visions lately. Too much bad juju going on in his head. He hadn’t had sex in months, either. Neither of those things made for a happy Cas.
“You’ve got a bit of syrup on your beard, dear.”
, Dean always told himself, when the ache in his chest was so strong he thought his arms might reach out for Cas on their own.
Sammy’s face scrunched up in confusion. “You’re gonna buy him a family?”
"I don't want details, but when you say he makes you glad to be an Omega, you mean, like... physically?" Sam's voice was pained.
The air conditioner had been off for long enough that Dean was starting to be thankful for his lack of shirt. He noticed Cas was starting to develop a sheen of sweat on his face. No surprise, then, when Cas closed his case and slid off his jacket. They had both made their way to the floor while eating, but they were maintaining separate sides of the elevator for now.
“Dean? What’s happening?”
His arms were starting to ache from kneading and rolling, but he kept on as the filled pie plates came back to him for covering with a second crust. He was tempted to taste the blackberry filling, but he resisted. Finally, he was covering the last pie with its second crust. Gerda came back as he was pinching the final part of the edge together.
“Man, it is good to see you, Sammy!” he told his brother, ruffling his hair as he let go of his shoulder to walk around to the other side of the wagon. When he climbed inside and took his place next to Sam, he said, “Jacob invited us to dinner, so we’re heading to his house now. And then afterward, Cas and I have to milk cows. You wanna come?”
When their hands actually touched, Dean knew—this night was gonna be something special.
“Yeah, hey, um, I got picked up again? But I’m not in juvie.” Once again he waited for the angry response, but it still didn’t come.
There was no reply, which was probably just as well. He was so unprepared for seeing Cas right now, but he knew it was probably for the better, if there was a chance in hell of them saving their friendship. The most difficult part of the next fifteen minutes proved to be resisting the urge to watch the video again. He knew he should delete it, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to do that yet.
“You think I’m going to just put out before we wed? What sort of man do you take me for?” Cas asked, raising that eyebrow again as if he
Dean couldn’t believe he’d been in the Amish village for a month already. He looked at himself as he got undressed and realized just how ripped he was getting. All the manual labor and the lack of junk food was paying off in a big way. He looked himself over and made a considering face.
“Well, looks like you two idjits are still happy enough,” Bobby said, grabbing each of them by the shoulder. “You should come over to my house for New Year’s. Jody’s invited some friends over and I think you boys would get along with them.”
“Um, let’s see. Puberty? Birth? Conception? Jury’s really still out on that, but one of those, probably.” He rolled his eyes. “Dude, I dated Aaron for a year. How is this news?”
“Ha, I suppose. Speaking of, that’s why I came over. Should we start putting out the desserts? I think everyone is pretty much done eating now.”
Food perked Cas right up, though and he was much more appreciative than Dean would have expected. The guy probably had had breakfast made for him every morning, so it wouldn't have been a shock if he took it for granted. Clearly, though, he didn't. If anything, he seemed touched.
For a moment, Cas was afraid they knew that he was a homosexual, but there was no indication that they intended to shun him. He wanted to know for certain, though, so he asked, “What do you mean?”
“I know you saw me with the blonde, but it wasn’t what it looked like. I mean, kind of, but not really. I didn’t want to. I just thought you didn’t want me.”
He’d been at Cas’s for about fifteen minutes, and so far all he’d managed to do was piss the guy off more by spilling a glass of wine on his carpet. He’d apologized for
“Are you ready, Dean?”
Cas sighed and shook his head, returning to his bank website.
Dean felt better than he had all day. “So if I turn them down, chances are they won’t be that disappointed – and they’ll probably be willing to let Sam come stay with me ?”
“Good choice.” Dean looked pleased. “Now, Mr. Novak, will you be using ThumbPay today or another method? Looks like you’re almost out of Barista credits.”
"We're both up for it," Dean told him confidently. He smiled at Cas so hard his cheeks ached.
Dean burst out laughing. He yanked Castiel toward him and squeezed him into a hug. When Castiel’s forehead creased down the middle in a confused frown, Dean laughed even harder.
Dean could feel his orgasm building all too soon. He didn’t want this feeling to ever end, but at the same time, he wanted to shake apart while wrapped around Cas, whom he had loved and wanted for so long.
Cas was silent so long Dean thought he’d decided to just ignore him. Dean went to sit on the couch, so that Truffles could jump up and cuddle. Damn, he was going to miss this dog. He couldn’t stand the idea of him with a stranger. He was not a fan of Cas’s, but he knew he’d take care of the dog. When his phone chimed, he jumped.
PS Yes, I researched it and some self-lubrication is possible as is orgasm, but lube is nearly always needed for entry.
The thing was, Dean couldn’t sing for shit. What he could do was play guitar like a man possessed and work a crowd like nobody’s business. Those talents combined with his natural good looks and his very special mic meant he’d been playing to sold out arenas for the past six months.
It wasn’t one word of a lie. He’d had a small fight with Sam. He’d had a huge fight with Dad. He’d almost gotten fired—and still might. To top it all, his on-again, off-again relationship was off for good this time—because no one calls someone that if they plan to ever have sex with them again in the future.
Dean stilled instantly, eyes snapping open and pinning Cas in place.
“He grabbed the white drink,” Cas explained. “What’s happening?”
This is going much more slowly than it was meant to. These damn kids do what they want and to hell with my plans. Say hi, please. It do soothe me so. ❤❤❤
“I have always done carpentry throughout the day, since I was old enough to wield a hammer, Dean. I would enjoy making a table for us. How large would you like it to be?” Cas pulled out a small notebook and took down the measurements Dean gave him.
That seemed to be the right thing to say. Cas seemed intent after that on kissing every single inch of Dean’s body and Dean couldn’t find it in him to object. He felt like he should be doing more for Cas, but he felt too limp and lost to really do much more than writhe and moan under Cas’s mouth and hands.
,” Dean asked, wanting Cas more than he’d maybe ever wanted anything.
“Try to seduce the most gorgeous man I’ve ever seen? No, this is a new experience.”
“Dean?”
“Cas?”
Cas’s smile faltered just a little. “Too much?” The smile disappeared completely.
“Wow, look at all these books! It’s like a little library in here,” the boy exclaimed, walking close to hover his fingers over the tomes, never quite touching.
Cas was more than a little surprised by how easily he had slipped into the submissive role. He knew that he would likely fight it later, when the edging really began, but for the moment, he found himself becoming aroused by Dean’s confident orders. He’d almost whimpered when Dean chastised him for not undressing quickly enough. The idea of displeasing Dean made him feel dirty, but the thought of being punished felt wickedly
He had had his fill of social interaction for the moment, so he was happy to see that Dean took the hint and left with a nod and a weak smile. He dialed the superintendent and sat on the couch. He quickly realized that he was too tense to sit, so he got up and paced a few feet away instead.
“So, are you gonna come live with us when you leave here? Mom’s been clearing her sewing stuff out of the spare bedroom, just in case.” Dean didn’t think he sounded excited, merely curious.
“Same here, Cas,” Dean promised with a smile.
He was practically hysterical and he couldn’t hold back the scared tears anymore. He wasn’t full-on sobbing, but neither was he calm. Tears streaked down his face and he sniffed as he walked back and forth from the window to the kitchen and back. Then a particularly loud crash of thunder brought darkness with it as the lights in the building went out.
“Cas sent me a dirty video.”
"You saw a counselor?" Cas asked, eyes going wide in surprise.
Out in the city they had parks. Dean had said that relationships between men were more acceptable than they had been previously. Castiel allowed himself to wonder if maybe they could have a walk like that, out in the English world. It was rumspringa, after all and he was allowed to try otherwise forbidden things. His heart lifted at the idea. It would only be temporary, but having even a brief time with Dean would be…no. Best not to think about such things.
“Awesome,” Dean told him, still grinning. Castiel was coming to learn it meant something different to the English than to his people.
As they rode along—and once he finally shoved his own selfish worries aside—he could see that Dean was also becoming nervous. The joy had not lessened even slightly, but Dean was also afraid of something. It took only a moment of thinking before Castiel had worked out what Dean must be frightened of.
“Nice to meet you, too, Cas.” He signaled the bartender to refill Cas’ drink. “So you’re a big Xena fan?”
Chapters 1-4
They rocked together, staring into each others’ eyes. It felt like too much, but Cas couldn’t make himself look away. Dean stared back just as intently. His green eyes sparkled in the low light and went wide whenever Cas hit just the right spot. Dean bit his lip and it sent another spike of arousal into Cas’s gut, causing him to need more. He grabbed Dean’s hips and thrust upward, hard and fast, causing Dean to cry out with pleasure.
For a moment, Cas felt a flash of hope. He quickly quelled it. “Unlikely. It’s much more probable that Rowena simply tricked me into doing her a favor and gave me a faulty spell.”
“Smartass.” Bobby sighed. “Look, your parents didn’t have a lot, but they did try to make sure you boys would be taken care of.” He sighed again and sat down. “Sit down, kid. This is gonna take a while.”
Cas wasn’t so sure it
“You’re right. I don’t think I compensated enough for your lack of experience. I’m sorry. I’ll be much more thorough this time.”
Before he left, Gerda told him she would miss him when he left. She suggested he consider staying and he smiled at her. A big part of him was so tempted, especially since he knew Cas would be here. He didn’t think he could do it, though. He’d get caught kissing Cas for sure, if Cas followed through on his promise for while they were in the city. Dean didn’t think he’d be able to stop once they started, if they stayed close enough to touch.
Tonight, he was not. He only wanted sleep. In sleep, he might dream of Dean, in all the ways he couldn’t have him in waking life. It was a guilty pleasure, but one which he welcomed openly. He had been denied much in the way of comfort since becoming human. He thought it only fair then that he allowed himself indulgences when he could.
There was dead silence for a beat, then Dean could hear Crowley giving the driver the address. “I hope you know what you’re doing, Dean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean frowned.
“Not sure six months is going to be enough of that,” Dean said as he drifted in a bliss-haze. “That was fucking awesome.”
The next few weeks passed more quickly than he’d have thought. Sam visited two final times, during which the three of them made plans for future apartment sleepovers. Sam was almost as excited as they were. Before Dean was quite ready, there was less than a week to go.
Cas’s hands and feet were soon free. Then before he had time to do anything about it, Dean was on top of him, kissing him long and deepy. Cas kissed back hungrily, trying to tell Dean everything he was feeling, just by using his tongue and lips and teeth. He wrapped his arms and legs around Dean too, unable to get as close to him as he really wanted.
Cas’s gaze hardened into ice. “No. At least I had the excuse of believing you were straight for not telling you my feelings. What’s your excuse, Dean? Cowardice?”
"Seriously, I will stab you with this letter opener and it will hurt—"
In the face of Dean’s overwhelming beauty, everything else looked lackluster and dull. Flowers looked ugly and colors muted whenever Dean was in view beside them. Castiel could not help but stare at him, often and unabashedly—at least until he would get caught.
“Dammit, Cas, what did you do?!”
“Cool. So, how long do we have?” Dean started digging through his bag, looking for his favorite button down.
Dean took a deep breath and leaned forward, not expecting the guy to grab the back of his head and hold him in place—not that he was objecting. If anything, the hoots and hollers were louder this time. When he came up for air, he noticed Benny had disappeared. He thought it was strange, but he was too distracted by the kisses the waitstaff gave him to worry too much.
“Sam, you
Sometimes brothers can surprise each other. And sometimes, they can be absolute shits.
“I screwed up. What’s new?” he said morosely as he headed toward the hallway.
Dean had read it, smiled, and moved on, sure it was some girl who had been hoping he'd ask her out—or one of his friends thinking they were being cute. Either way, Dean had too many other things to worry about. Like the beyond annoying crush he'd been developing on his best friend. As if thinking of him had conjured him, Cas appeared behind Dean, startling him as he almost always did.
Also, I love you.
“Rob, actually.”
Instead of pulling off or out as Dean had expected, Castiel increased his efforts. Within seconds, Dean was spilling deep into Castiel’s mouth with breathy cries. Cas worked him through it and swallowed it all down before pulling off and wiping at his lower lip.
Cas looked adorably like a deer in headlights. “I had not realized there was a need before, but yes, I can make a table for us. Would you like me to do that, Dean?”
Cas sputtered, shocked himself. “B-but, I know that’s what I heard Bobby say. ‘Rufus lost his wife two years ago this July.’” He waited and then said, “Perhaps I was mistaken, but… no, Jacob, I don’t think I was.”
A loud knock sounded on the door. “Knock, knock!” Ava called through the door. “We had a cancellation so you gentlemen are slated for confection therapy now! May I come in?”
He couldn’t see Cas’ smile, but Dean heard it in Cas’ voice when he said, “Then I’d like that very much.”
“Oh,” he said, bite of cake still fully inside his mouth. “Oh, my.” He made an involuntary near-gagging noise and little head jerk and proceeded to grab a napkin to spit into discreetly. “It seems to be lacking sugar. And I’m sorry to say that the egg shells were not a very good substitute.”
Instead of answering, Cas looked like he might be sick. That didn’t bode well. Dean prepared for the inevitable rejection.
“Sure. I’ve got wine too. I thought... I know today was rough, but I was thinking maybe I could make us dinner and we could cash in a rain check on that date we never got to have.”
Then Cas’ hands started to move and, yeah, those hands were
The room extended beyond the rest of the back of the house except the room below it. The ceiling and three of its four walls were completely made of glass. The view was spectacular right now, even in the rain. Dean could only imagine what it must be like on a clear night when the stars were out.
He wondered if he might persuade Dean to walk with him to take in the beauty of the landscape. On the heels of that thought was the realization that he wished it could be the type of walk that the other boys took with girls. The kind of walk filled with hand-holding and long, lingering gazes. The idea of it thrilled him, but he knew it could never be and his thrill immediately turned to melancholy.
“You were hurt. You felt like he had betrayed you,” Cas said quietly.
So, it has been brought to my attention that I spilled some plot on your smuts last chapter. How irresponsible of me. Sadly, it has spilled over into this chapter as well. Don't worry. It won't last long.
Dean nearly dropped his sandwich, the last bite of which sat in his throat like lead. "What?"
A tear rolled down his face then and Dean tracked it with his eyes.
"Yeah, we'd better. You wanna do that now?"
“I—what?” Dean asked, clearly not sure he heard what he thought he heard.
One more chapter, since I'm guessing you filthy animals want smut (yes, Twist, I know I implied
“You did?”
“What? No, Dean. Okay, so he’s been gone a while, but he probably had a lot of things to do there, right? A lot of people to talk to?” Sam theorized.
“Cas, what’s going on?”
was different, not just the sex.
“Of course, babe. Whenever you want.”
“You—I don’t—what? You come back to my place and you can see how bad I am, how’s that?” Dean huffed. “Bad in bed. Man, I should punch you in the face for that.” Dean had a sudden, irrational worry that Cas was right. Then he remembered that sex was how all of his relationships started, and felt better. “Pfft, people have sex with me and immediately think they’re in love with me, that’s how I am in bed. What’s with you, anyway? You’re in a mood.”
Cas looked at him strangely then. “Dreamed you saying that.”
“Now, why don’t you come over here and show me what one of those kisses tastes like for real, huh?”
“Dean, I have wanted this for so long. Even before I really understood what I was feeling. It took me having intercourse with—”
They shared a brief smile before Dean left to get bed clothes.
They didn’t bother with all that movie scene kissing down the hallway business. They were practically running down the hall, undressing as they went. A third activity would have been too much. By the time they were both on their knees on the bed, only underwear separated them—and only Dean’s at that because Cas hadn’t been wearing any. Cas’s uncut cock stood there, out and proud and leaking onto Dean’s boxer briefs as they came together in another kiss.
"No. I mean, I can see how he might come across that way sometimes—and believe me, his views on bisexuality are archaic and I've been working on that—but he's been through a lot and it's just a defense."
The words stung and Dean had to remind himself Ben was a kid—testing limits and showing off—and bite back the angry retort that popped into his head. Instead, he went another route, pulling Ben slightly aside before quietly and calmly stating, “No, I’m not your dad, but your
(See the end of the chapter for
The voice was unlike his son’s, but the eyes were similar. Though Cas’s eyes were a deeper, more complex blue, Chuck’s eyes had a piercing intensity that held Dean in place.
Cas’ head whipped around and his eyes flashed and he snapped, “I
trust Dean. He did not know that he should trust him as much as he did. The book on sexuality was stirring up all kinds of feelings in him. He needed to read the other one quite badly. Perhaps after Dean went to sleep, he would stay up reading it, even though he was not yet done with the other one.
“Asshole,” Cas said, punching his shoulder with a smile. Then he frowned. “How are we going to keep this a secret from your parents?” He still didn’t refer to them as Mom and Dad and probably never would, though he obviously loved them.
That played perfectly into his plans, so he readily agreed and gave Dean a second kiss goodbye.
“Oh, shit, man, that sucks!”
Then Cas shocked the absolute shit out of Dean by smiling at him. “Yes, Dean. Please go back to your office and finish what you need to. I’ll meet you there at, say, eleven fifteen?”
"Damn, Cas!" Dean laughed as relief swept through him. "You scared me, man. Yeah, I mean, I've been with people, but it's never been, you know... like that. Passionate."
“I hope it’s not because of me,” Cas said, not looking too worried, really.
“Mam, this is Dean Winchester, the Englisher who’ll be taking over my chores while I’m away. Dean, this is Mrs. Shurley, my guardian.”
Cas gets dirty and Dean takes a shower.
!” and yanked at his veil. He blinked rapidly, since the room was much brighter than he’d expected, especially after the darkness inside the veil. After a minute, he was able to take in his surroundings and
Castiel couldn’t believe it was already the night before his time with Dean in the city was to begin. He was overwhelmed by all the emotions he was feeling. As the day wore on, he became increasingly aware of how much he had changed over the past three months. He had been so frightened of rumspringa, and of having to live in the city and make decisions.
“Oh, my God. Cas? Cas! Can you come to the door, please?” Deana called from the bathroom.
"Sounds super fun," Sam said, sarcasm heavy in his voice. "So real estate is your plan? You gonna buy other places besides ours?"
“So, I thought you weren’t into anyone before me?” Dean asked.
“I’m a vampire.” He dared not look at Dean as he said it, unable to bear the look of horror that might appear. “I come from a family of vampires. I was never bitten. I was born this way, as were all of my immediate kin.” He felt as if a shadow crossed over his vision as he turned his gaze inward toward his memories. “I grew from a baby just as you and other humans did. For the first fifty years of my life, things were peaceful.
“Yeah, that doesn’t really—you know what? I’m gonna wait in the kitchen till you’re ready, all right? You get dressed and we’ll have breakfast and go.”
Dean led them back to the thankfully-empty elevators. They only had to go down to floor thirteen this time, so the trip only took a few minutes. As close together as they stood and as strong as his attraction to Cas was, Dean was itching to touch. When the doors opened, he tried not to run, dragging Cas behind him. Instead, he calmly stepped out and let Cas trail behind him.
try to make me come. You’d
Then he smiled and Dean was pretty sure he was a goner.
When he could get a word in edgewise, Dean said, "It really does look great, Cas. Can't wait to put it in the apartment. We're gonna have to buy coasters now, huh, Sammy?"
"Letting your hormones get the better of you is what life is all about, you big dummy!" Gabriel was practically yelling and it was very unlike him.
“Dean, I—” Cas stopped and his face went blank. “No,” he admitted.
Dean snorted. “Mostly dumped them into my cup, actually.”
. I can tell you’re a good dude and, I don’t know, that makes me more accepting of the other people here.”
“Man, angel mojo is some sexy shit,” he said.
“Sorry about him. He means well, but he’s... overzealous.” Dean didn’t know why he was apologizing to this man, but there was something about the way he’d handled his attacker, about the blue shade of his eyes, that drew Dean to him.
… he told himself.
Please leave a message after the ♥.
“Well, the world’s not all bad, Cas,” Dean assured him, as if he could read Castiel’s thoughts. “There’s plenty of good stuff you should try once. You know, like, music and movies and dating.”
“A judge? What, like community service or something?” Gabriel asked, no judgment evident inside the obvious curiosity.
Dean gets a visitor from among the living.
What's that? You want a Christmas present? Well, here you go! This is NOT complete, in case you missed the chapter title. I hope to finish it soon. I started it a while ago and hoped to get started with it, but Sabriel BB and real life were kicking my butt for a little bit and I wasn't getting much done that I didn't absolutely feel like I
Sam just laughed at him. “Dude, it’s cool. I got homework left to do, anyway. Let me know about this weekend. I love you.”
When they came to pick up Sam next, Dean knew the Campbells were waiting for an answer. He still wasn’t ready to give one, though. Not because he didn’t know what answer to give, but because he wasn’t ready to disappoint Sam – and Cas hadn’t given him an answer yet, either.
Cas was looking at them all in wonder, apparently shocked at how amused they were by his words.
!” she exclaimed, her voice high-pitched as she struggled to draw breath. “Oh, man, Bobby, read it!”
He checked on the casserole he had in the oven for dinner. Ordinarily, he’d have done something a little fancier for a meet and greet like this, but Charlie specifically asked for his “famous Cheesy Chicken and Potato Sex Casserole, Dean.” It was nearly done, so he turned the oven off. By the time they arrived, it should be the perfect temperature and wouldn’t scald anyone’s tongue off. He popped the cork on the wine to let it breathe and then went into the living room to wait on the couch.
“Yeah? Cool. Sam really digs books on small societies and cultures. I’m surprised he hasn’t driven you crazy with questions about the Amish yet, to be honest,” Dean confessed.
“Well, come up here and ‘speak with me,’ man. Nobody here right now except Chuck and he’s hip deep in his laptop.”
When Dean and Cas first met, a week or so after Dean joined the company, Cas had sensed Dean’s attraction for him and was overtly friendly (which was totally unlike him). Underneath that attraction had been Dean’s fear about his jealous girlfriend Anna, but Cas had noticed too late to keep from being hurt by Dean being a dick. But he
“Dean,” Sam snipped with a judgmental pinched face.
“Oh, yes.” Cas pulled away just enough that Dean could see him smile. “One day soon, I would very much like to take you up on your offer to help.”
“Dean, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have—”
“We do.”
“Apparently not Daphne,” Dean snapped before he could stop himself.
Dean laughed out loud, pleased. He’d programmed the phone with a few things before he’d sent it to Cas in preparation for the trip. It was a necessity because they couldn’t get service out here otherwise, but that didn’t mean he shouldn’t have a bit of fun with it, did it? He didn’t think so.
When Dean came to there was a crab pinching at his shirt and sand grinding into most of his skin. He was on a beach, the raft he’d managed to latch onto when his chartered fishing boat started sinking was only still bobbing in the surf because one of the ropes was tied to one of his ankles. He could tell that the skin under the rope was chafed enough that it was going to be uncomfortable and he probably wouldn’t be able to wear socks for a while.
“Well, yeah, okay, fair point, but what about the car?”
“If you have the time and don’t mind. When can he come visit?”
“The guy that came with Bobby? Kind of.”
Dean noticed that Cas was naked too and, damn, Jimmy Novak may have checked out early, but he’d had a life blessed with a huge dick before that. Dean licked his lips. He noticed Cas watching the movement and then the next second, Cas was kissing him, soft and then more passionately.
“I’ll bring out the next course while you finish.” Cas looked amused as he said it.
On the ride to the road, Mr. Davidson told Castiel everything that he was to show Dean how to do. He had told Castiel once already, but they both wanted to be sure that nothing was missed.
“Dean,” he whispered, amazed.
“Oops, gotta go, Sammy, they’re calling us.” Dean hung up the phone and dropped it. “Where were we?”
“What are you doing, Cas?” Dean asked, a small confused frown marring his face.
“Shut up,” Dean said, but there was a small smile playing at his mouth. “I know who Mapplethorpe is. I read.”
“All right, Winchester, maybe keep it in your pants till you’re out of the creepy basement, huh?” he chastised himself aloud.
immediately recognize Cas, Cas knew him at once.
going to get married and I’m gonna have to go to the wedding,” he complained.
But it did hurt.
When Bobby showed up less than an hour later, he and Dean shared a hug that was mainly composed of back slaps hard enough to leave bruises on lesser men. Dean was grateful for it.
“Excuse me,” He said, walking past the man in the cowboy hat. “I got a report of a disturbance and I came to take your statement.”
By the time they stepped out of the hug, Dean had made it to the porch himself. As soon as Gabriel took notice of him, Cas introduced him.
“All right, but damn. You better explain all this shit when I get there, you hear me?”
Then he was gone, carrying a small bag with him. Dean watched him from the window and was gratified to see Cas looking up in search of him. He waved down and Cas waved up with a smile. Then he was in the cab and rolling away.
“I want you to take me in your mouth, like the good little cocksucker you are, Dean. Suck, lick, play with my balls, all of it, but do
Cas gave his arm a playful shove. "Don't mock me."
“I’d rather not say, Ca—Your Majesty.”
“Unicorn tears,” he said with a smile.
Gabe looked at Dean for a few seconds, face inscrutable. Then he said, “Coming right up, kids.”
He put on a smile he didn’t really feel. “Lucky for you, then, that she dumped my ass yesterday.”
Cas’s eyes narrowed in challenge. “D has...
“Uh, sure thing, Cas. So, like I said, I don’t know how much you know about the Wurther Project?”
Cas seemed content to continue lying on top of Dean after handing him his phone, but Dean forced him to roll off.
“I know that, Cas!” Dean whirled around and Cas could see he wasn’t as close to tears anymore, but his laugh was no less bitter. “We met because I’m a fuck up, remember? I make bad, stupid choices. Look, I wasn’t really going to pick up anybody. I was going to get drunk. Only, the bartender was paying me no attention—and Starla wouldn’t
Dean smiled as his gangly, not-quite-13-year-old brother came around the corner. He’d grown nearly a foot in the past six months and he was nearly as tall as Cas now. He looked over to where Cas and Bobby were coming down the steps with a cooler and a giant thermos.
“I hadn’t planned to follow you around your apartment.”
“I love you,” he breathed, as Dean slipped a hand across his thigh and grabbed hold of his erection.
As soon as he stepped inside, he knew it was perfect. He didn’t even need to see the bliss on Cas’ face to know he felt the same. There was a small kitchen just to the right inside the front door, with bar island that was open to the living room. The living room had a large window with a view of the park. To the right of the main rooms was small hallway with a bedroom on either side and bathroom at the end.
“Then let’s get started.”
“More like
“May I come in? I need to speak with you about a bill I just received.”
I don't know. It's pointless to ask.
Dean could feel the blush spread across his skin. “Oh, thanks, you too, uh, Mis—”
Dean shook his head and said, “No. I don’t think so. His community is pretty progressive about that kind of thing.”
“Because he’ll hate me!” Even the idea of it made Dean feel sick inside.
Supper, as it turned out, was chicken pot pie, the thick sauce inside the buttery crust studded generously with carrots, peas, onions and potatoes, as well tender hunks of chicken. Dean knew he’d never tasted better in his life. He avoided moaning around his fork on the first mouthful, but it was a struggle. It was too hot to eat as quickly as he did, but he’d rarely tasted anything this good. The fact that it was a type of pie certainly didn’t hurt.
“Fuck, Cas, that was....”
“I want you to know, I make an effort to shut it off. I mean... I can’t, not completely, but I can shove it to the back of my mind and ignore it, for the most part, and I try to. It’s only when I’m under extreme emotions or stress that it usually gets the better of me.” Cas coughed and smirked. “Or when people are thinking really loud thoughts during very boring meetings.”
“If I promise to help you study after? It won’t take long, I swear.”
Dean figured a day would come when he stopped treating Cas like his every breath was a gift, but that day wasn’t today or any time soon. For now, he was ecstatic every time he got to see those blue eyes. He hoped that never changed.
“But... everyone at school said....”
Cas nodded.
"Don't worry, boy. You're still on the clock till you get back. There'll be paperwork. Stay clocked in for that too." Bobby hungup without another word.
“Well, no. There’s lots of food I don’t like, actually.”
“And your brother?” Cas asked as the flash came to him.
blue eyes and its—
In the end, Cas thought they chose a mix of both. They tried a little bit of everything when it came to foreplay, but they didn’t do much of it for longer than a minute or so before moving on to the next thing. Before more than ten minutes had passed, they were both naked and caressing each other’s skin with hands, mouths, and any other body parts within reach—which meant most of them.
“You’re telling me. We have a reservation for today. Should be under Page... or maybe Hammett?” Dean looked to Cas as he asked, as if unsure whether Cas had booked under his own name or Dean’s.
“If that is what you wish, I will. If not, I will find another room.”
“Nah. He’s gonna be too happy I’m ending our prank war to care.”
“There is a
“Knew I wanted you, but damn. I didn’t know how much,” he whispered against Cas’s ear, in between soft open-mouthed kisses to his neck. “Feel so good, baby.”
“I’ll wait for you outside the window in case of trouble.”
“Yes, sir,” Dean said.
Castiel frowned more, but covered it with a sip of warm chocolate. He
Dean couldn’t take it anymore. This stupid song was never going to end and the blue eyed guy looked like he might have an actual cardiac issue if the stripper didn’t quit it. Dean got up and walked over, pulling out his wallet as he walked.
With a hearty laugh, Dean stood up and pulled Cas to his feet. too. He took both Cas’s hands and walked backwards, leading him toward the bedroom. He couldn’t help but smile as he saw Cas’s anticipation and excitement grow with every step they took.
“Hug?”
“Dean, I told you I wasn’t sorry that happened,” Cas said, confused.
“Fuck,” Dean finally said before lifting up. He stared down at the mess on Cas’s torso and smiled. “Damn, there’s even more than I expected.” He gave Cas one more peck on the lips before he lifted up. “Juice and then shower?”
It was the night before Dean’s two month performance review with the judge and Castiel was having trouble sleeping. They only had a month now until they both left the village and moved into an apartment. Jacob had said they could look around neighborhoods after court, just to get an idea of the best place to try for an apartment. After Dean’s final court appearance, they would actually look for a unit to rent.
He wanted to call Cas, but he didn't. It was getting late, anyway and he had work in the morning. It had been a long, difficult day. Weekend, really. He was glad that it was over, but also saddened by it. It was one step closer to Cas, in all likelihood, going home to his village. Dean couldn't bear to think about it.
For what, Dean wasn’t sure.
This time Cas didn’t protest at all.
“Actually, you won’t need another psychic. Here’s the name and address of the man you’re looking for,” Cas told them as he’d flashed on the information when Dean waved his hand around. “Once you’ve used the information, it’s no longer a conflict for us to, uh, ‘bang’, as you put it,” Cas told Dean with a smirk.
“Cas? Hey, Earth to Cas?” Sam said, snapping his fingers in front of the angel’s face.
“Okay if we come just like this, Cas?”
, sure,” Dean conceded, nodding. “But you don’t live here. This stuff doesn’t end for him on Sunday night. He doesn’t go back to tv and radio and junk food and dirty jokes.” Dean ran his thumb to check the smoothness of the wood, then shaved it again. “Other people go to church on Sunday, maybe Wednesday, praise the Lord and shame the devil—and then they go back to living in the modern world the rest of the week, maybe not even praying.”
,” Cas said, pulling Dean toward the stairs.
Cas tapped him on the chest. “Dean. Crowley is gone. You can let go.”
“Oh my God!” Sam cried.
Dean felt genuinely upset now. “I’m sorry man, I didn’t—just, sorry. Okay? I won’t bring it up again.” He started to reach for Cas shoulder, then dropped his hand. “I didn’t mean to offend you, Cas. Really. Still friends?”
His hands were sweaty and his heart was so fast he was pretty sure it was breaking world records at this point. He tried to keep his breathing under control and not give away how much he wanted to bolt out of the room or possibly throw up.
“God, how can all three of you be so gross?” Sam whined, appearing behind Mary on the stairs. “I have the weirdest family in the world.”
It broke the tension and Cas relaxed. “Any weirder than asking to watch?” Cas smiled. “Believe me, I’d like to... help... but....” He paused, wondering why he hadn’t taken Dean up on his offer, why it hadn’t felt like the right moment.
He pulled back, holding Cas face in his hands and studying it for confirmation. Cas smiled and it was the most beautiful thing Dean thought he'd ever seen.
“I think at this point, you can call me Dean.”
Cas glared. “So you’ve said.”
They firmed up their plans and rang off. Dean sat for a minute, just trying to grasp what had just happened. He was having lunch with
A voice like a rusted gate opening said, “You’re really here. I’m not hallucinating?”
and my response aka
Dean was sitting at the bar, leaning very close to a pretty blonde and smiling flirtatiously at her. Cas felt sick. Dean wasn’t a cheater. So if he was hitting on someone else, then he believed they were over. Cas knew he must have imagined the sheen of tears. Either that or he’d hurt Dean by sending him to the beach, but Cas didn’t think that was the case. Dean had obviously been anxious to move on when Cas left. He didn’t love Cas back and Cas couldn’t even be mad. Dean hadn’t misled him. He’d been very honest about what sort of man he was. It wasn’t the sort who fell for stupid tourists with naive hearts.
Were such things as relationships between two people of the same sex now accepted out among the English? Castiel knew it had not always been so, that it was one of the few things on which Amish and English alike agreed in years past. However, he had no idea what changes had gone on in the outside world in the last several years.
Dean typed and erased several messages. He just didn’t know what to say. Saying all was forgiven just sounded weird, like Dean had been harboring anger this whole time, which he really hadn’t. Telling Cas it was cool or blowing it off as a long time ago seemed disingenuous, as if Dean had been unaffected, which he really,
Castiel came out of the bathroom and checked the clock on the wall. “We have a little time. It depends on how long you think you will talk. We have about twenty minutes until the supper bell. As long as we show up within ten minutes of that, we should be fine.”
“Dude, just spoon me already, damn.”
Cas relented. “I would appreciate a hand, Dean. My arm seems to be stuck.”
Truthfully, most of it wasn’t that surprising, since he knew Cas so well. According to Dean’s research, Cas was pretty much the best Dom he could ask for. According to Dean’s experience, Cas was the most amazing Dom, ever. It made Dean tingle with pride, not only that his Dom was so good at being a Dom, but that a Dom so good had chosen Dean for his sub. Dean was no longer quite as self-loathing as he once was—Cas being partly to thank for that—but that didn’t mean it wasn’t still nice to know he’d been chosen by the best. The suggestion that he was special felt good, even if he didn’t need it in his bones the way he once had.
“I’m afraid it is. I actually have to get back and prepare for a meeting,” Cas told him with great regret.
?” He rolled his eyes and stepped back. “Dean, we’ve literally just been discussing your own fluid sexuality. Did you really think that
Then Cas was bringing their mouths together and absolutely everything was right with the world as those thick, perfect lips rubbed across his own. When tongues came into play, Dean forgot everything else that had happened in the last forty-five minutes. All he knew was that moment in time, that mouth against his own.
He got a little anxious when the car paused a couple of floors after his, but the way the guy getting on smiled sheepishly after his gaze roamed over Dean’s chest appreciatively instead of smirking or otherwise making Dean feel like a piece of meat, meant he kept his cool.
Cas face lost its teasing smirk. He shook his head. “Never in my wildest dreams, Dean.” He took Dean’s face in both his hands. “But then you are better than any dream I’ve ever had.”
------
“Fuck yes,” Cas said vehemently.
“I think watching TLC for even one evening will prove that is not remotely the case,” Cas said conversationally. Then he smiled at Mary salaciously. “I’d have given you twenty.”
Dean laughed. “’Fraid not, cowboy.”
“Man, I never thought I’d say I missed your wings, but I have.”
“I got the best big brother in the whole world!” six year old Sammy declared. He might not always look up to his brother, but right now, he thought Dean was the coolest thing, ever.
“When’s he moving in?” He smiled to let them know he was on board with it.
“Yep, he gets money, too. No land, though. That’s just yours. Sam’s got the Campbells to look out for him now and I figure I’ll keep his money in savings till he’s ready for college.” Bobby scratched his head nervously. “I was also thinking, if you stayed here with me and got rid of the apartment, you’d be able to save up even more money for supplies.”
“In that case... would you like to get coffee with me?”
“Yeah, Sammy. Love you too, kid. Talk to you soon, okay?” Dean felt good when he hung up. He wondered if he still had time to call Bobby. He asked Cas and got a nod, so he dialed again.
“I still have about fifteen minutes, I think.”
Cas smiled sheepishly. “True. Still. Would you like to come back to my place for a drink?”
Those weren’t the only questions Dean asked, though, not by half. Castiel answered most of his other questions, when he could. If he did not know the answer, he would usually endeavor to learn it in great haste, so that he might come back and tell Dean what he had discovered.
“So?”
Cas got up and moved closer to where Dean was sitting, leaning forward with his hands between his knees. Dean wanted to speak, he really did... but he also wanted to know what more Cas might say to Sam. His soul was beautiful? Cas had never told him that.
Dean wasn’t sure Cas even realized he had spoken. His eyes were closed and his mouth was open and he looked like some pictures Dean had seen once of people blissed out on heroin. Ecstasy—the real kind, not the drug—had clearly taken hold.
“Cas, I get really jealous when other people find you attractive and this woman is making me uncomfortable. Also, I hit on so many women because I know you’re straight and I just wanna get over you, but it never works because you’re just too great.”
“Condoms and lube are in the hall bathroom in the toiletries box.”
“You would... you would live like this? For me? Without electricity, and raising our own food?”
In response, Cas rocked his hips, sliding their cocks together again and rendering Dean mute, except for a series of pleased, overwhelmed noises. Then Cas kissed him again, complete with tongue this time and Dean was fairly sure he had never felt better in his life than he did at that moment. When Cas reached between them and grabbed both their cocks, however, Dean realized he’d been wrong previously.
“Why did you share a bed with me?”
“Well, yes. Fruit pie is one of the easiest things to make a vegan version of. All I have to do is substitute vegetable oil for butter in the crust and the rest is simple.”
Dean never wanted to be anywhere except buried inside Cas from now on, but after a moment, he had to move.
"Now come on, let's get some sleep," Dean said, pulling Cas back down on top of him. "You've got an early day tomorrow."
“Excuse me?”
Cas smiled brightly, eyes made bluer by the moisture building in their depths. “I am glad you think so, Dean. You are the best friend I’ve ever had, as well.”
, he thought.
“Did you say something?” Cas called through the door.
“Use...your tongue. Get it wet so...your lips slide over,” Dean gasped out as Cas’ hand worked slowly up and down.
Cas grinned. “Not unless you wanna turn on the lights and give all the neighbors a good show,” he said in a low rumble before he closed the distance and allowed the kiss at last.
"Hello. This is, um, Cas. We—I'm the one who hit you."
He was almost to the bed when Cas tackled him from behind with a growl and they were tangled on the bed.
“I assume this means you aren’t here on a case yourself?”
“Costume’s awesome,” he told her. “You make it yourself?”
Dean felt relieved, but no less concerned. “All right. Good, I’m glad.” He hesitated, then added, “But you know, if something is bothering you...  you can always talk to me about it, right? I won’t like laugh at you or judge you or...  we’re friends is what I’m saying, Cas.” He shrugged at Cas’ silence, not even sure why he was saying this stuff. “Goodnight,” he mumbled as he left the room.
Now she looked concerned, but she walked over and took a seat at the table without another word.
endurance, is it?” Dean knew they were walking new ground here, but he pressed forward, an idea firmly taking shape in his mind. “I mean, if I wanted to edge—and sometimes you make me just a little, but never like the way I think you’re talking about—you’d drive me right up to the brink and you’d do your damnedest to get me as close as possible, wouldn’t you?”
Castiel walked up to the bar forlornly. He’d hoped that spending more time with Dean would either make Dean see him as something more than a friend or help Cas see more of Dean’s faults. Instead, Cas was falling even more hopelessly in love with his best friend and Dean seemed even more determined to prove he was more the type of bisexual who preferred women—and lots of them.
!” the blue eyed man said, getting a little hysterical toward the end as the cowboy took a few seconds too long to finally get a clue.
Dean has two visitors and Cas doesn't like it one bit.
“Can you let him know the room is occupied?”
Castiel had milking to do and then he was scheduled to read to Mrs. McGillicuddy for an hour before he made repairs to the Miller’s barn. His day was filled with chores and he liked it that way. Unlike the other kids his age, he was not looking forward to the part of rumspringa where he would be out living like the English.
“I’m trans,” Cass blurted.
He pressed a kiss to Cas’ damp mop of hair and squeezed him tightly for a moment. His breathing and heart rate seemed in no rush to return to normal. Since Cas’ own heart and lungs were galloping the same way, he didn’t feel so bad about it. He closed his eyes and breathed in the smell of Cas, shampoo and sweat mixed with the muskier scent of freshly-had sex. He kissed his head again and forced himself to get up.
bring up anything about feelings until I am out of the room, got it?”
“I have a mattress and an easy chair being delivered—and nowhere to deliver it to.” He squeezed his head in both hands.
“I—yes, I would like that very much.”
“Do I ever not make you coffee, grumpy Gus?” Dean handed him a full mug, black and sweet just like he liked it. “You go sit, I’ll bring everything over when these are ready.”
When Tuesday arrived, Dean barely made it through his shift at work. He hadn’t slept well Monday night. He was too keyed up and excited. He’d been looking forward to this night all week. He’d done some studying on what made a good Dom and he thought he was ready.
(See the end of the chapter for
The eyebrow went up again and Dean’s hips rolled on their own. He moaned as Cas squeezed at just the right spot. Precome pooled at the tip and Cas’s hand caught it up. The feel of it gliding over his head intensified the overwhelming sensations and Dean knew he was close already.
I'm sorry I made you wait so long for this. I started a new job. But it's part time, so I still have time to accept all kudos, comments, schmoops, hugs, kisses, squees and assorted other reactions. Love, love, LOVE! ♥♥♥
"I love you so much, Dean," he whispered against Dean's neck and Dean could hear the tears choking his voice.
“Look at you, angel,” Dean purred.
“Welcome. So, ask your question, Cas. I don’t wanna be late to Physics. Crowley hates me.”
“Oh, fuck, Cas,” Dean breathed, bucking up into Cas’s firm grip.
“Um, I can—”
Then his eyes snapped up to Castiel’s and searched his face. “I believe I know why you want Dean to live here, Castiel. It is not because he has embraced our way of life. It is because you do not want to let go of it. Or of him.”
“Who—wait. The douchenozzle that broke your heart and stole all your money?”
“Wash me too,” he said against Dean’s lips, handing Dean the soap.
“Are you ready?” Cas’s voice was breathless, nervous.
Dean beamed at her, green eyes crinkling at the corners. “Not as pretty as you, beautiful! Did you pretend to be sick just to get me and Castiel here to come and wait on you?” he asked, sitting on the edge of her bed. “I bet you did, you little princess.”
Just keeping the chapter because I want to preserve the comments.
Dean thought his face might split from the grin that was breaking across it now. That was the best news he’d heard in a long time. He hadn’t seen Sam in weeks now, maybe even months. He missed him like crazy. Life had been harder for Dean since Sam got adopted and not just because Dean started screwing up more often and spending more time in juvie.
Dean had changed shirts five times. He'd easily chosen the jeans to wear. He knew without a doubt which ones showed off his ass and package the best and were still nice enough for a decent restaurant. But shirts were another beast. Finally, he chose a thin sweater he'd never worn before, a gift from Sam from the previous Christmas. It was cashmere and looked almost as soft as it felt. He wanted to invite touch, right?
The frown line between Cas’ eyebrows burrowed deeper still. “More like what?” he asked.
The unfortunate recipient of said lapdance was anything but happy about his current situation. His bright blue eyes were wide as saucers, his entire body was frozen in an emotion that appeared to be abject horror, and the fact that the companion who had paid for the dance was nearly apoplectic with laughter combined with those body language cues should have been enough to let the cowboy wannabe know that he should speed it along and not get too into it.
And if Dean lay awake long into the night, just watching Cas sleep—oh how the tables had turned—there was no one around to know.
She shrugged. “Hope they’re worth it.”
“Oh, um, yes. Yes, I heard you and yes, I’m all right. Thank you. I’ll just... um, I should get going.” With an awkward wave, he headed for the front door.
“Dean,” Cas said, gesturing at himself. “I’m nothing special.”
“Here you go, Gabe,” Dean said, returning. “Take your pills. Drink the water. Get comfortable. I’ll make us breakfast in the morning and things will feel better. You’ll see.”
The instant Dean rubbed his thumb across Castiel’s face, Cas stopped breathing. That patch of skin felt separate from the rest of him. A bit like when he used to catch beetles and let them crawl across his palm, but without the sense of wrongness. Just a tingling awareness of...
“Oh, my God, Cas!” Sam yelled from the hallway where he’d been eavesdropping.
!” Sam and Dean exclaimed in unison.
“Uh, okay, sure. It’s, um, Castiel, right?”
“Yes! Yes! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
For the first time since Dean had come to the community, Cas slept in another room.
Dean grinned and shrugged, sinking down slowly onto Cas’s shaft. “Got myself prepped after my shower. Not like it’s a lot of work anymore. My body just wants to open up whenever you’re around.”
And have you checked out my
…they don’t include getting to be gay.” Dean stopped working the wood and looked at Sam carefully, to make sure he understood. “If he chooses to be in a relationship with a man, he loses being able to be Amish. He loses who he is.”
Dean grinned. “So it’s a yes.”
“Aw shi-oot, I forgot to ask him,” Dean said, patently ignoring Cas’ smirk at his near slip-up. “But he was cool with me getting my own place and he knows I can’t do that on my own, so I don’t think it’s a problem. I’ll call him back tomorrow to make sure, though, okay?”
Cas tells Dean they need a shower before they can get dirty. Dean turns into a hot, soapy mess.
“Folk, singular. My dad died when I was young, which is how I’m rich in the first place. And no, my mother has only three emotions: greed, social acceptability meter and impropriety detection,” Cas told them drily.
Castiel was more confused than alarmed. They’d had a very nice evening the night before. They’d taken dinner in Castiel’s room with the children and once Inias and Sam had fallen asleep, they’d stayed up late into the night, talking and laughing. What could have changed to make Dean want to leave so urgently?
“I believe it has been just shy of eight years, Dean.” Cas’s eyes looked... sad? That couldn’t be right, could it? “It is very good to see you.”
Love me? Hate me? On the fence? Want more? Tell me all the things. ♥
recently? It's full of more gay love and book updates and stuff like that. You can also follow me on Instagram ( @harpercassidybooks ), Facebook (Harper Cassidy Books), and Twitter ( @harpercassidyb1 ). Come say hi!
From the way Lisa looked at him, he knew he was acting weird, but she didn’t ask, so he didn’t offer any explanation before she left the room. Instead, he just kept right on cooking in silence. In his head he was still freaking out, but also simultaneously plotting how to get Sam alone at the party so he could discuss his emotional crisis. He had no idea what to do and he was pretty sure Sam would.
"Look, I can't tell you who to be friends with, but Bart is kind of an asshole," Dean said, unable to hold it back anymore.
So they watched some TV and joked around with Sam until Bobby arrived and they put the table in and added the coasters to it. The stone looked great on the wood just like Dean had suspected.
“Can we find the bar?” Dean asked.
“Why am I taking you home?” Dean asked hopefully.
Sam snorted and leaned forward. “That was how I found out Dean was bisexual.”
“Hey, no, Cas, it’s not that, it’s just....”
The man made a sound that Dean didn’t understand, until he realized he could see the man’s teeth. The bastard was
“I can see that you and Cas have something between you. I don’t know what and I don’t want to know. But I just wanna make sure that you know what you’re getting into, falling for an Amish boy, Dean.” He roughly scratched his beard. “Like I said, I don’t want you getting’ hurt.”
"Knot me, Cas! Knot m—ahhhhhhh!" Dean came on a harsh cry as Cas swelled inside him, touching him in a place he didn't even know existed inside him. "Oh god, oh god, oh god, Cas, Cas, Cas, fuuuuuuck!"
Cas, unable to answer for staring, vaguely registered Dean pushing buttons and then not long after, heard the tell-tale sound of his coffee making its way toward him.
Cas looked at him slowly, as if having trouble tearing his gaze away from Dean, which Dean thought was a nice touch.
"Do it, Cas. Knot me up. I'm on the pill, but I've also got condoms and that's not optional."
"Excellent! All right, bakers. Your lists are directly in front of you, under the cutting boards. One ingredient list will tell you which oven, the other which mixer. The pantry has been labeled in sections for each couple. Good luck! You may begin."
“Lie back,” Cas instructed, voice at the lowest register Dean had ever heard it.
“Gabriel, you have no—”
? Check it out for release dates, excerpts, writer memes and general foolishness.
“Right here, baby. Just getting everything off the bed. Gonna take off your cuffs now, all right?”
Dean flicked a look in that direction. “It’s all right, I guess.”
They didn’t have time for Dean to answer, because the teachers-slash-judges were now standing in front of their table.
Dean Winchester was a mysterious bad boy no one knew much about, who came from the poor side of town and tried to remain invisible unless someone was starting trouble he felt like ending.
“The best kind,” Dean said in a rough, quiet voice.
“Shit,” he said yet again, confirming his eighth grade English teacher’s assertion that he had a limited vocabulary. He stormed back outside in a cloud of self-loathing, drawing angry doodles until Cas came back out onto the porch.
So Dean also didn’t know his roommate Cas very
Telling Ben had been hard and he'd initially been pissed at them both, but in the end, he'd come around to not being angry. The kid wasn't happy about it either, but Dean thought he'd be okay, once things settled into the new status quo.
Dean held up his hands in supplication. “Bobby, I know, all right? I get that. That’s what I’m saying to you right now. I need to get out of here... but somebody needs to stay with Cas.”
When Dean stood up from packing the clothes away, Cas was right there behind him. Before he knew what was happening, Cas had pulled him into a bear hug. Dean was surprised, but pleased. Part of him went warm at the realization that—for the next three months, at least – he could have this several times every day, if he wanted.
“Thanks, Jacob. That means a lot. I’ll miss the village, too. It’s been pretty great. I hope I’ll still be allowed to visit sometimes,” he said truthfully – and again not solely because of Cas.
“Ready to go?”
“Dean?” he called, walking back toward the kitchen.
Here, have ALL the cheese.
“I’m just going to step to the restroom,” Cas said when they walked inside.
“Sorry, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have—I have to—we
“What?”
“Look at me while I finish your instructions.” Cas waited until Dean complied. “Good. Now, as I was
Sam jabbered excitedly all the way back to the house, not requiring any response from Dean, which was just as well. He didn’t want to disappoint the kid, and he really, really would love to see his brother everyday. The kicker was, though, that he really, really did not want to live with the Campbells again.
“We’re sure you’ve been just as happy getting to see him. We thought you might both be happier if you got to do it full-time again,” Mrs. Campbell finished.
Sam shrugged. “Need some time alone, that’s all. I’m sure Cas here won’t mind keeping you company.” Sam patted Cas’s shoulder.
“Oh.”
“I—oh. Oh.” Cas relaxed and then laughed a little. “I thought I pissed you off and that’s why you told everyone to leave.” He dropped his gaze to the floor. “Then when you called me back, I thought you were going to hit me.”
Dean felt him relax all over as they made eye contact. He risked sliding forward a little more. This time, when he tried to pause, Cas thrust up himself, seating Dean further inside him. Dean took that as his cue to keep going. He backed out slightly and slid forward again until he bottomed out inside Cas.
“Sammy is Sam. Our brothers are married!” Then Cas frowned again. “But Dean... Gabe married Sam over a century ago, how—”
He looked over to glare at Charlie, but she wasn’t looking at him. In fact, instead of the apologetic look he’d expected, he noticed she looked smug. He was going to kill her. This wasn’t about Gilda at all.
“Has the table always been that low to the ground?” he whispered to himself.
Dean dumped the bucket and Castiel pointed him to another cow while Castiel grabbed another bucket and stool. He worked the fourth cow while Dean was milking the third and soon the fifth was done. Without being asked, Dean lifted the rolling bucket, which functioned like a wheelbarrow, and rolled it toward the door.
“Actually, if you don’t mind, I see a Witchblade cosplayer I need to get to know better,” Charlie said with a grin.
“Yes, but I think that it would look even better crumpled up on my bedroom floor, don’t you?”
“You’re thinking too much,” Dean said, eyes hooded as he leaned forward and captured Cas’s mouth.
"Oh, don't get him started. I swear he almost peed in a circle around me at the car dealership yesterday," Cas said from the front doorway.
As it was, he couldn’t resist calling, “Cas?” in a voice that just barely broke. “Going to use the phone.”
Dean felt the pressure of Cas’ warm cock against him and felt a little tingle of excitement. Then Cas pressed forward. There was a mild pain and then—
“Why not sixty?”
Dean took a long drink before answering. “You know, when the judge first said it, I didn’t know what to think. I’d heard about Amish people, obviously, but I didn’t know too much about the lifestyle. I had a lot of preconceived notions, I guess.”
Dean sighed. “Probably not, Sammy. You okay with that?”
“No, it’s cool. Um, let me go get my checkboo—”
I forgot back on the office AU that part of that (the tattoo) was based on
When Dean’s mouth closed over the head of his erection, Cas momentarily forgot to be sad. It felt as though he’d grown erogenous nerve endings in every cell of his body and they were all linked to the part of him in Dean’s mouth. When Dean sucked, the pleasure seemed to start in his extremities and flow inward.
Cas nodded and Dean immediately started thrusting into him in earnest. It didn’t take long for either of them to be sweaty, panting messes. Cas didn’t mind so much, knowing his much-needed orgasm was imminent.
Cas watched as Dean clicked an icon in the bottom right corner and a list of possible connections came up. He looked at the name of the one that said it was connected and rolled his eyes.
“O-okay. Thank you.”
Cas’s brow furrowed slightly, but he nodded.
After having that thought, he made Cas wait while he tasted it. He didn’t want Cas to taste it if it wasn’t good. He forked up a bite and slid it into his mouth, prepared for the worst. Then relief and pleasure washed through him as he realized that the pie was not only acceptable, it was actually really, really good.
The entire rest of the group, except Cas, rolled their eyes. Several people added a “Duh!” for good measure.
Dean heaved a sigh and got out of bed, closely followed by Cas.
A heavy impatient sigh. "What kinda car is it?"
Cas pressed a finger against Dean’s lips and pointed at his torso. Dean looked for a moment before he realized, Cas had several shiny, wet spots on his chest and stomach.
Dean shook his head. “You really have to ask? I was gonna go back with you, remember? I’ll probably keep the phone and my car, but otherwise, I’ll live as plain as you want. I mean, we can pretty much walk to Bobby’s and the church from here, so I’d just use the car for special occasions, anyway.”
“Damn, maybe I should’ve made you my gay thing, after all.”
“You serious?”
“Sorry, you just… normally you’re so out of it in the morning and you look pissed off at being awake, but when you have coffee, you look so happy,” Dean told him with a smile and a shrug.
Dean wasn’t sure, but... was that
Dean made himself smile back even wider. “Well, good. Because I’m happy and I wouldn’t trade it, either.” He brushed a stray lock of hair from Cas’ face, unable to keep from touching as often as he could get away with. “So what do you say we go back out there and hang out with Sam instead of you moping in here and pretending to sleep, huh?”
“Shit,” Dean whispered into the empty kitchen. “Shit, shit, shit.”
I didn't make it the full week. I'd actually have posted sooner if I could've gotten my editing done sooner. I've been pleasantly surprised by all the positive feedback I'm getting from new people. And happy just to hear from my familiar folks :) Love you cuties ♥ Oops, time to add everyone's favorite tag to the top...
“Moonbeam.”
“Would you like to have dessert before dinner, Dean?” Cas asked knowingly.
“Cas, these people aren’t into bees the same way you are.”
He gave Cas his best flirty grin, though he knew it wobbled around the edges. “I think you drew the short straw here, Cas.” Then he winked, and pretended he couldn’t tell his eyes were wet. “Me, though, I hit the jackpot.”
Dean decided to take a chance.
“Drum? Like a bongo or something?”
“God, it feels good. Always wanted to try it, but I never knew it could feel like this.”
because you’re so frustratingly sexy I want to slam you against a wall and hump your leg every time I see you and yet you seemed to hate me.” He grinned. “Of course I’m mocking you now that I find out it’s mutual.”
Dean could hear his heavy breathing and feel the heat and moisture of it. The smell of cinnamon wafted into his nostrils and for some reason that was equally arousing. He moaned as Cas rocked in and out again. He was already close, but he wanted to hold on, so he didn’t touch himself, as much as he wanted to. God, it just felt so[
We have finally reached the end! Sorry it's taken me so long. Lots of things happening both good and bad.
“You think you’d have done better by her to stay?”
Before long, they had both lost their remaining clothes and, wow, being naked with someone was new, but it was
“What?” Dean asked, possibly with a little more bite than was strictly necessary.
Dean turned red at the question. “What? I don’t, um... I mean, I just do, um, videos and stuff.”
Cas huffed, affronted—and then saw the twitch of Dean’s lips. Two could play.
Cas responded by kissing him again. Now that they were naked and Cas was on top of him, their cocks were perfectly aligned for some decent frotting and they rutted against each other with mounting fervor. When Cas pulled back this time, he looked down toward their crotches, then back up at Dean.
that his brain was whispering to torment him.
“Isn’t that what you usually do after a break up?”
“Absolutely. I don’t think the visual appeal is a necessity here. What about you, Ava?”
“Yeah, Lisa is great.” Dean was at a total loss for words now. All he wanted to know was why Cas was in town and how long he was back for and any other details about Cas’s life that a father might possess. Instead, he said nothing.
“Oh, well, why didn’t you say so?” Cas asked, moving a book onto the shelf at a glacial pace while staring MHBD in the eye.
“Knock, knock!” Ava called out from the door Aaron had evidently left open behind them. When she saw them she looked startled. “Oh, I thought you’d have started already. Is there a problem?”
“Everything except a couple things for breakfast in the morning. I’m all packed, you’re all packed and all the chores are assigned to someone else.” Dean shook his head in wonder. “I can’t believe I’m leaving already.”
“You bumped your head, man. Knocked yourself out and then you were on the ground in the snow for a long time. I had to warm you up.” Dean felt himself blushing, even though everything he said was the truth.
Dean looked stricken and hurriedly tried to back away, stammering apologies.
“I don’t know what that is. I’ve never come in contact with it before.” He sniffed it again. “It has a scent, but it’s faint.” He sniffed a third time. “I don’t know what it could—oh.
When Cas moaned around his cock, though, Dean glanced down to see those plush pink lips wrapped around the base of him and those blue eyes staring up at him through heavily lidded lashes and he cried out, coming before he was ready for any of it to stop. Cas managed to get all but the last shot in his mouth. The last one caught him in the cheek. Dean wiped it up with his thumb and before he could do anything else, Cas turned his head and sucked the thumb into his mouth.
Cas took a deep breath, held it a beat and let it out, his shoulders appearing to drop into a more relaxed posture in the process. Chuck did his best to get it all down on the page.
“What happened to polite, huh?” Dean asked, trying to keep his voice low. “I thought we were—”
Castiel smiled at him. “I am not in school anymore, no. What you read was correct, at least in our community. We believe that we continue to learn everyday of our lives, so we stop going to actual school when we complete the 8th grade.”
, we certainly do.”
“How come you looked so scared when you came rushing in here?”
"Agreed. But?" Dean tried to keep his face impassive.
Cas just smiled wider. “I’m not afraid of words, Dean. No matter what they call me, they can’t take away what you are to me.” This last was said more quietly and Cas saw a sheen appear in Dean’s eyes, just before his mouth closed over Castiel’s.
Dean made a horrified face as Sam walked back in the room, vase in hand.
“Can we... proceed with events as they happened in the dream?”
Cas looked less sad and even had a small smile now, but Dean knew something bigger than coasters happened in that store. Cas was subdued all the way back to the apartment. When they got there, he said he was going to lie down until Bobby arrived. Dean didn’t even know Cas knew the concept of a nap, much less that he ever took them. Dean had certainly never witnessed the phenomenon before.
“He had a thing for Ernie!” Dean said, pointing at Cas.
“Dean, have you slept at all?”
In a gentle quiet voice, so unlike his normal speaking tone, Cas whispered, “I felt the same, you know.”
He saw it in those blue eyes before Cas spoke, though. They lit up with surprise and just a hint of joy.
Gabriel's tongue-in-cheek choice of name for their business had appealed to him precisely because his and Gabriel's Alpha status—and their other two brothers' Omega status—meant virtually nothing to either of them. While he was hardly celibate, sex for him was usually a release between friends. He'd been with Omegas, of course, but he'd also been with Betas and even a few few like-minded Alphas. It was fulfilling in the way it needed to be, and he enjoyed sex, but it wasn't something primal that took over his rational brain.
Meg has a chat with Dean, who has a chat with Castiel.
Gabriel grinned up at Sam in a way Dean absolutely did
have been. Those were not his hands, though. Those were... those were
“Sorry,” he said. “Just a little excited.”
"Wow," Cas said. "They really sound like they know you." He looked sad, which was weird.
“Hey, what—”
Castiel followed him back inside cautiously, not knowing what he could say. He knew there was nothing he could really do to ease Dean’s pain, but he wanted to do something to snap him out of the moment. Unfortunately, he could think of nothing for the time being, so he just walked in and sat down with him, without speaking.
Dean grinned. “You promise?”
, Dean thought.
“You sons of bitches think you can break me? You can’t break me!” Dean yelled as he was forcibly strapped to the chair.
Then they went to see that little girl and she was just a doll. He wanted 12 just like her—or he would, if he ever intended to get married, which—as he’d told Cas the night before—he didn’t. He still wondered why Cas didn’t want to get married, though. I mean, Cas seemed to love this Amish life, otherwise—and really, who wouldn’t?
There was a huge crash from next door.
“A little? I felt like he could’ve taken us, kept us out of the system.” Dean shook his head. “If I’d called him and told him what happened, told him where we were, I know now that he woulda taken us in. He wouldn’t have let us go back into care. Then, though, I was just running on fear and anger and a lot of other negative shit.” Dean was so lost in his story, he didn’t even realize he had sworn.
When the knock came, Dean nearly jumped out of his skin. He opened the door and
Cas’ eyes crinkled, but otherwise, he hid his amusement well. “And so incredibly modest, as well.” He finished his new drink rather quickly. “Do you have your own room or would you rather we used mine?”
“Well, damn,” Mary said, looking disappointed.
“Yes. At the kitchens?” Cas asked.
“Karma, dude.” Dean rolled his eyes. “Didn’t really expect my day to include helping former angels get their hands unstuck from dead dudes asses.”
“Y-yes, sorry. Something on my mind, that’s all. Did you ask me something?”
“Dude, how am
“Sam! What’s the news?”
Dean had to laugh at how proud of himself Bobby looked. “Sneaky old bastard,” he said affectionately.
“Wait, Cas. Cas!” Deanna waited until Cas turned around. “Did you buy me some tampons?”
Deanna rolled her eyes. “Give it here.” She took the bag from Cas, then set it next to her on the floor. “Thanks, man, I owe you.” She cleared her throat as the staring got awkward. “And as for the, um, suggestion... maybe after my bath?”
Cas turned his gaze from the couple to Dean and his frown softened into a smile. “Dean, we were never so bad as that. Besides. We’ve learned now, haven’t we?”
mode.
“Keep it up, Chuckles. See if I let you come over this weekend.” They both knew the threat was empty, though.
“Right. Watching men make out does not offend me, Dean.”
Dean had stopped wondering how Cas could always read him so well. Wasn’t like Dean couldn’t read Cas, too. Still, Cas had it slightly wrong.
“That is undoubtedly true,” Cas agreed with a small smile.
Cas stuck his tongue out, a gesture he had learned from Sam. Dean belly laughed and his eyes sparkled in a way that Castiel wanted to paint and hang on the wall. It was a new sensation for him, but one he found he did not mind.
This is a bad idea. Why am I doing this? Haven't I written half these already? Oh, well. Here goes... (based on
“Dearly beloved. We are gathered here today in this house of the Lord Our God to witness the joining in holy matrimony...”
Dean pulled out his phone and tapped out a couple of quick messages to his brother, while Cas got dressed and put his wig back in place.
Castiel couldn’t help the laugh that bubbled up. If Dean knew what a rare occurrence it was, he would be shocked. Since he did not, he just grinned, looking pleased. Apparently, he suspected it didn’t happen often, anyway.
“How long?” Dean was so caught in the moment, he didn’t even notice the high pitch of his voice.
Dean picked something up from a bowl and started fiddling with it. When he held it out, Cas realized it was a key.
“You’ve been using it as bubble bath again, haven’t you? I’m buying you bubble bath, too. All right, I’m out.” He turned and stuck out a hand for Gabriel to shake. “Gabriel, it was nice to meet you. Cas, just call me when you’re ready for me to head back, okay?” With that he was gone.
“They didn’t expect me to say anything but yes, I’m sure. They can’t imagine a world where their way isn’t what everyone wants.” Dean smirked and rolled his eyes. “Even though I thought I proved before that I don’t want their way.”
“Dean. I would much rather you explain the situation to me than remove your shirt when you clearly don’t want to do so.”
But when Dean turned around, questioning look on his face, Cas only shook his head.
He was smiling at Cas, touching his face with his hand, but then his hand faltered and so did his smile. Castiel saw his lip tremble and his stomach dropped.
“Almost ready?” Dean asked over his shoulder as he finished pulling off his pants.
Cas’s eyes widened. “Wow, that’s incredible.”
Cas smiled and walked toward him. When he got close enough he pulled Dean into a gentle hug. At first Dean stiffened up, but when Cas’s hold stayed firm Dean relaxed into him. Dean’s arms came up and he hung on, taking a deep breath. When he let it out, Cas could feel Dean’s whole body loosen even more.
“So, you ready to get started on the table, Cas?” he asked as he helped Bobby clear the table.
Castiel had argued for a long time, but ultimately, Bal had worn him down. The main problem was that Castiel knew Balthazar was right. Bal wasn’t fit for fatherhood, and Castiel could afford to take care of a child much better than Bal himself could ever hope to. Taking on a child who shared his bloodline had the added benefit of stopping dead any questions of when he would marry in order to produce an heir. Questions he’d been getting since his father had first fallen ill more than five years prior.
“That’s sexist, Sam.” Maybe that would derail him long enough for them to get around to the point of Sam’s call.
He stood up and stepped back.
Cas’ only response was to burrow closer with a small, sleepy grunt. Dean smiled and fell asleep.
“What? Why?”
“Hey, Dean. How’s life treatin’ ya? You still got, what, a few weeks?” Dean heard the pop of a can opening.
“Shut up,” he told them, tucking into his food.
“All right, D, what do you think the real problem is with you and Cas? Is it communication? Sex drive? Has there been infidelity?”
Castiel knew that many—primarily those with plentiful orifice options, but not solely them—thought of the ass with negative connotations and unsavory associations. What Cas knew, however was that, with proper attention and care, that tightly clenched hole would relax and open for him.
-----
“You think it is all right if I am not by myself?” Cas asked, still worried about things he could not ask Jacob about.
“Well, listen, I’ll call you back when they let me know something more definite, all right?”
“All right,” Cas said slowly, still not daring to hope Dean was here for the reason Cas hoped he was here for.
Fuck that was hot. How did this guy keep getting hotter? How was that fair? Dean somehow found his voice. “Let me get up onto the bed,” he rasped.
A handsome young blond man in clothes that had seen better days shyly stepped through the door, glancing back and down before meeting Castiel’s eyes. He dipped in a small, awkward bow and shuffled into the room only a few more inches.
“I was going to ask you about something else, yeah.”
“Uh, yeah, I guess so.” He tried for a small laugh that he hoped didn’t sound as terrified as he felt. “That’s what they do in the movies, right?”
And so he cried. He didn’t know how long he lay there, but it was long enough to cry himself out and fall asleep. The next thing he knew, he was waking up to a dry, scratchy throat, a throbbing headache, and the sound of knocking. He grabbed the bottle of water he kept next to his bed for the first problem. He ignored the second for the moment and went to investigate the third.
“My siblings and I knew the only way to survive was to do the same. Vampires have a few special powers aside from immortality. We can communicate telepathically to a degree. We can shrink ourselves. And we can fly.”
“Well, I could say the same.” That eyebrow went up again. “Although I’d prefer to use actual words. Sexy perhaps? Or beautiful.”
“Why are you encouraging them?” Sam whined.
“I believe we were—”
“Hello, Castiel. You’re not due back for another few weeks yet. Have you already made your choice, then?” Castiel would have expected Jacob to be pleased by the idea, but he didn’t seem to be. Not that he was displeased, exactly. He just did not seem especially happy to see Castiel.
him... it was making him feel things he wasn’t quite ready for yet.
"Actually, I believe cake baking requires preheating the oven. Perhaps we should do that first."
“I have a crush on you.”
Cas’s face softened slightly, but the damage was done. “Dean, wait, I didn’t—”
“I’m okay.”
So Castiel called Dean to discuss it with him.
“I won’t outgrow you, Dean. Every single day I find a new reason to love you, even on the days like today when you make me crazy.”
A car pulled up beside him and Dean knew without looking that it was Cas. He could feel him even from this distance, through all the metal. It was ridiculous, but it was true. His heart pounded as he got out of the car, still not looking in Cas's direction.
Cas shifted them so that he was lying on top of Dean and their hips were aligned. Then he slid their cocks together. Dean quickly caught on and reached his hand around them both. Dean held them in place, while Cas worked his hips, sliding their aching erections together in a way that was sweet torture at first. He was going slowly to savor the moment, but it was never going to get them there.
Castiel failed to see how pie inspired awe, but he did not question it. He felt warmed by Dean’s response and he sat happily next to the other boy while he devoured the food Castiel had brought him.
He didn’t recognize the judge’s name when it was called, nor was the face familiar. He thought he’d met all the juvie judges, but he didn’t know this one. He was a glowering black man with heavy eyebrows and gray in his beard. He knew right away that the Honorable Judge Rufus Turner was not inclined to be lenient, no matter how contrite Dean stood there looking. The fact that it was true contrition only mattered to Dean, he supposed.
“Don’t think I’m gonna last, Cas. Can’t hold out much longer.”
“Bedroom?”
Dean's breathing was shallow, and his ears were ringing. This felt like either a date in high school or his own execution and he wasn't sure which would be worse at this point: having a crush on the man who crushed him or being taken out, so he didn't have to feel all this.
Cas was smiling as he walked back to the table. Dean was pretty sure he knew the answer, but it was a relief when Cas told him, “He said that would be fine. He will be happy to speak with Sam’s parents about the visit tomorrow.”
“How are we going to afford the third pool if we have to pay you, Sammy? God, you’re so selfish sometimes. Now come butle these flowers into some water for me, shortstack.”
“Castiel, as you are aware, my wife and child died together when my wife went into labor.” When Castiel would have spoken, Jacob held up a hand. “What you do not know, what no one else in the community knows, is that my grief over their loss is not the reason why I have never married again.” He took a long drink of tea, not looking at Castiel.
Dean pressed his lips to the juncture of pelvis and thigh, soft curls just barely brushing against his face. He kissed across to the other side, deliberately bypassing Cas’ erection. This time when Cas said his name, it was higher pitched, a reedy and begging sound as Cas’ hiked his left leg up to give Dean access to where Cas wanted him most.
Dean couldn't believe it was finally moving day. He looked around his empty room one more time, surprised by how small it looked without his stuff in it. He went from room to room on the upper floor, checking to make sure nothing had been left behind. He found nothing, so he went downstairs.
“My friend loves your music,” Castiel blurted. “She’s obsessed with it really. She made me listen to one of your albums and I didn’t care much, but... then she started making me watch interviews.” Cas peeked up at Dean and then looked back at a fascinating piece of lint on the bed covers. “I was prepared to humor her because you were hot, but then... I started listening to what you had to say and how you talked about your brother and music and... I kind of... got a crush on you, in spite of not caring for your music.” He looked at Dean fully now. “Sorry.”
“It’s so dumb, Castiel. You’re going to think I’m an idiot.”
“Hey, Bobby. You got a minute?”
“What do you think, Cas? Change it up again? Or do a repeat?”
“Call your brother first so he doesn’t worry.”
And as always, your comments give me life, so speak up, beautiful children! ❤
“Can we take off our jeans and do this with just our boxer briefs?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sure enough, as he was walking to visit old man Enoch, Cas fell into step beside him within a few minutes.
They went back to the dormitory for lunch and Castiel put together some sandwiches for them with the ham, cheese and lettuce that had been provided. The ham had not been sliced, but he was adept with a knife. It was one of his few skills in the kitchen. He was happy to see that the cheese was some of Mam’s. He wondered if stocking the icebox was her doing and he resolved to speak with her after supper to find out.
He didn’t wait for a response. He just capped his beer and put it in the fridge, then grabbed his wallet and keys and headed over to Cas’s place. On the way there, he tried to think of ways to find out if Cas was into dudes that didn’t involve actually asking the question. He actually managed to think of something kind of clever, but he wasn’t sure when the opportunity might arise.
“Mark me, Dean,” he growled. Though it sounded like a command, it wasn’t given in the controlled Dom growl Dean was used to but a desperate, wrecked voice that spoke volumes about how turned on Cas already was.
Both of them declined a beverage and Gabriel led them to the living room. They sat in awkward silence for a few minutes before anyone spoke. Dean changed his mind about having a drink and Gabriel went to the kitchen to get it.
“Your safe word.”
Castiel nodded. He had thought he had another week of his own bed. He was not happy to learn otherwise. “When am I to pack my things?”
Which, since Dean knew they were both planning to ditch study hall, he supposed they sort of did.
With one last chaste peck, they separated a few inches and ducked down to rinse off. Without a word, they helped each other wash their hair, then rinse it. Then they stood and stared at each other, droplets of water gathered on their eyelashes. Unable to take the unknowable something that was in Cas’s gaze, Dean reached out and pulled him into a hug. He wasn’t sure if Cas would return it, but he held on just as tightly as Dean.
Dean smiled. “Promise.”
“Now is good.”
When he was dry and dressed again, he stepped back out into the room. Sam was nowhere to be seen. Cas was sitting on the bed, looking a little lost. Dean cleared his throat and looked away.
Lunch went better than he expected. Gabriel was actually funny when he decided to be charming instead of obnoxious. Sam and Cas had a lot in common and contented themselves with a long conversation about bees. Charlie was loving being able to tease Dean about Cas, so Dean tried to change the subject.
"You're cool with moving in with me and Cas, right? I know we give you shit, but you are, right?"
Lunch with Dean was quiet, but not uncomfortable. Cas felt as though they had settled something between them, even though he still unable to make a decision about staying or not. It was nice to hear that he would still have Bobby and Sam if Dean were gone, but he wondered if he’d be able to see them without the lack of Dean tearing him to pieces.
Cas was going to strangle Gabriel. He’d finally decided to give things a try with Dean and Gabe had to go and choose that very night to get drunk and take cabs all over the city looking for Cas.
MORE SCHMOOOOOOPS ♥♥♥
“Cas?”
It had been week since Dean met Cas at the library and they’d spent some time together every single day. Some days they hung out more than others, but they’d managed not to miss a day yet. Sometimes all they did was hang out with Sam, but other times they went out—or went over to Cas’s temporary house for some mind-blowing sex. Dean hadn’t seen him today, but he was hopeful that later he would.
“Mm, well, that’s lucky for me, I guess,” Dean told him with a smile before he finished off the banana.
. And they should maybe discuss the case at some point, which Dean would never admit to Sam he had completely forgotten about.
Dean decided he wanted to make dinner for Cas, to make up for the date they never got. They could still go out, but he had a feeling that not being able to touch Cas tonight whenever he wanted was going to be problematic and it was best not to subject the rest of the population to that.
Cas nodded and dropped his head. They finished dinner in silence. When the meal was over, Cas walked over and turned on the stereo, playing one of Dean’s Zeppelin CD’s. Then he came back and started washing the dishes while swaying slightly to the music. Sometimes Dean caught a snippet of him singing to himself, but he stopped whenever he knew Dean was listening.
Castiel snapped the belt again, this time hard enough to make Dean jump, but Winchester only turned his head and looked backward at Castiel, pupils blown wide. He licked his lips and Castiel swung again, then twice more.
“Jacob said you would have to come to church this Sunday, but after that, you are not required to do so.” He scratched a random itch on his thigh. “You may go to sleep when you choose, as long as you get up early enough to do your chores.” Castiel hesitated only a split second before he added “And do not cause trouble.”
,” he said a little bit louder, kissing Dean in a new place between each call of his name.
“No, I didn’t change it. Fuck, man, I’m so sorry.”
“Oh, fuck. Dean, that’s... wow. I mean, I kinda wondered, but—”
“How—”
“Cas,” he said on a broken almost-sob.
. And when I said that, I meant,
“By forcing me to realize just how much I wanted to see your dick.”
“I’m just gonna....” Sam said before slipping out of the room.
Despite it being a thirty minute drive, Dean felt like he arrived at Cas’s almost instantly. It was way too soon. TO give up Truffles. To see Cas. For Sam to be grown up enough to live with his girlfriend. Everything would stop sucking eventually, right? Right?
Cas reached out and put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean finally looked up and was shocked to see the look in those blue eyes was... kindness.
Sorry for the delay. Busy having a fic-dramatic January.
He had to remove his fingers when Castiel had rolled him, but Cas replaced them with his own. It took a few tries, but Castiel eventually located his prostate. Not long after, the heat of Cas’s mouth combined with the sheer joy sparking out from his fingers caused Dean to arch off the bed with his own mind-numbing orgasm. Castiel swallowed every drop.
Dean knew the judge wasn’t going to go easy on him this time. He’d been in juvie too many times now. It had started because he was trying to protect Sam. To keep him fed and clothed when there was no one with income to do that. But then Sam got himself adopted. And Dean kept right on doing it because it was easier than thinking about how much life without Sammy sucked.
“All right man,” Dean said, slinging an arm around him and pulling him toward the bedroom. “I sleep in the front, so the back is all you.” He grinned. “Just so you know, I was just kidding about the handsy thing ‘cause, fair warning? I’m a sleep cuddler.” He winked as he climbed under the covers. “Holdover from when my brother used to have nightmares and it was the only way to get him back to sleep, I think.”
Sam frowned. “Sounds like he loses who he is, either way.”
“Yeah, man, it was pretty rough. My raft took me to an little island somewhere nearby. Uninhabited. Well, almost,” he said with a glance at Cas. “Um... Did anybody else make it?”
He was naked like everyone else, but he held a clipboard, which Dean thought did not bode well for his sanity. Aaron consulted the clipboard before he spoke again.
“Cas, in no way do I think you’re stupid. Do I want to do more? Of course I do. I love touching you. It’s fantastic. But you’re not ready. If you did it anyway, you wouldn’t enjoy it and neither would I. I only want it if
Cass grinned at her. “Next time. I really like the sound of that.”
One of Dean’s eyebrows climbed somewhere near his hairline. “I never said you were. Prudes don’t tend to hang out in strip clubs, so far as I know. Least not without picket signs.”
“Because I am considered so unpleasant, I can’t seem to keep a partner for the project I’m on. People keep leaving because they can’t stand to work with me.”
“So, I just talk to him?”
Castiel nodded in understanding, his curiosity satisfied. “Perhaps that is what I should do as well? Get a pay as you go phone?” He said it slowly, sounding out the words carefully to make sure he was saying it right.
Happy Halloween! Or, if you don't care about such things, happy Saturday! ♥
“Where are we taking it?” he asked when they were outside.
“The last guy I dated.”
Jacob had business in the city today, so Dean and Cas were not having lunch together like they normally did, but that was okay. Dean had already come up with a plan and he was grateful for the time to himself to get started. Bobby looked at him a little funny when he sat on the porch with the wood and the carving tools, but Bobby always looked at him funny.
“I assume by babes and chicks you are referring to females. I have no preference for how they dress themselves. I don’t -” He cut himself off sharply and shook his head, abruptly standing and taking their empty mugs to the sink for a wash.
that much harder to ignore.
“No,” he whispered, voice pitching up and turning the word into several syllables when those warm fingers closed around his shaft and started to stroke. “Fuck.”
“So, is that something that happens often or am I special?” he asked, smiling as he took one of Cas’ hands and started rubbing it over his chest.
“Yeah? That’s good to hear, Dean. They must like you up there,” Bobby said with a chuckle. “Rufus Turner is hard to please.”
“Did you remember to change the Wi-Fi connection you were logging into? If you didn’t—”
Sam was thoughtful for a moment and then he said, “Do you think it’s because…well, like, we were buying it for the apartment, right? And he lives here now, but…later he’s not going to anymore, so the coasters aren’t really
Cas frowned. “I have no idea what that means.” Then the other part of what Dean said trickled through. “Wait, what do you mean ‘you are, kinda?’”
“Hey, babe, didn’t you get my text?”
The problem came a few minutes later, when they both declared that they were getting sleepy and it was time to air up the mattress so Cas could sleep. The first problem was that it took half an hour to find the box with the mattress in it. By the time they had actually removed it from the closet, Dean’s whiskey had brought him to a state of inebriation not conducive to reading instructions.
“All right. I will lead you there and then give you some privacy,” Castiel told him, walking toward the front door.
“What’s so funny?”
“Thank God. I was worried you only liked me for my mind.”
Dean didn’t ask any more questions.
“Not my money?”
“Eh, you never do it right anyway,” Lisa teased.
Dean caught Cas’s eye and his whole body went lax again. “Yeah. Thanks.” He hung up without another word and lunged forward to kiss his boyfriend.
You should probably brush your teeth. I'm afraid the sweetness of Destiel might cause cavities otherwise. Please feel free to continue saying things to me, and I will try to get back to all your comments old and new very soon. Maybe even this afternoon. ♥♥♥
So, hey, remember how I was gonna hopefully post faster than 2 weeks? Yeah, I did not do that thing. Heh. Sorry! Real life and all that. I've missed you! And, of course, these gorgeous adorable dorks. Hope you like where the story goes in this chapter, since I am moving forward with the final phase of NoWillToResist's prompt, ie bakery-type setting.
was giving the kid a hard time.”
He wasn’t sure exactly what he said, but they did indeed exchange numbers and then he took his cart and finally left the store. By the time he got to the car, he was shaking. It had only been Cas, but it might as well have been a ghost he’d seen. Hell, he would have been less afraid of a ghost.
The guy didn’t have a lot of experience at it, obviously, and Dean had tried to keep his own flirtatious nature to a minimum, but little by little their relationship expanded to include this new aspect. Dean chose not to look a gift horse in the mouth. He just accepted that it
Dean said, “Thanks for…you know, looking into all of that.”
“No. Honestly, Dean. I don’t. I was freaked out and I just... I acted like an asshole. I’m sorry. You already told me you liked... Cas. I know he’s not just some random.”
“Thanks,” Dean said hoarsely. He cleared his throat and sat back down. “So, um, Bobby offered me the job and I was gonna take it and live with him, but…living with him held a lot of memories. When my parents were still around, we stayed with him a lot. And with Sam gone…” Dean shook his head. “Anyway, when my friend from juvie – who really wasn’t much of a friend – told me about this family he knew about that kept a lot of cash and was going on vacation…”
Dean allowed himself to be lost in the heaven that was Cas’ mouth for a few minutes. Then finally, breathlessly, he forced himself to pull back before he lost the ability to think. From the look on Cas’ face, it seemed he might have already reached that point. His dumbfounded expression made Dean smile.
” she insisted. Then she looked over her shoulder at her bookshelf. “Will you read me a story?”
“I think that will be nice, Dean,” Castiel answered, not wanting his own excitement to show.
Cas frowned again. “You didn’t call me, either. You could have learned all of this much sooner.”
He’d been dreaming of tasting those plump pink lips forever, but the reality was so much sweeter. They were soft and warm and he felt arousal zing through him to the tips of his toes. A tug low in his belly told him his erection would soon be aching from the intensity of his wanting.
Cas set the pie down in front of him and—bless the beautiful man—handed him nothing but a fork. Then he smiled.
Cas groaned and Dean knew he had won the argument.
Dean leaped back immediately. “Right. Just wanted to be thorough.” He cleared his throat. “You wanna stay or head out?” He tried to remember how to breathe—and act—normally. “Offer to take you back to my place still stands,” he said with a wink, hoping it sounded more like a joke than it actually was.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah. I was mostly worried about Sam that time? So I barely noticed how much it sucked. Anyway, Bobby talked to the judge and got me out pretty fast. First offense, traumatic loss, domestic violence, all that. And he took us back to his place.” Dean looked as upset as when he’d talked about Sam getting beaten now. “I didn’t trust Bobby. Basically any adult at that point. Our parents left, he let us go into foster care, our foster parents were assholes, the store owner was an asshole…”
“Come on, Cas, you better get out of those before they stain your skin too,” Dean said, hoping to keep World War III at bay a bit longer.
I shouldn't be allowed near writing implements. I need to be stopped.
“i’m moving and i know this is a long-shot but want my dog?? you’re the only other person it ever liked and i hate you but i love it” au
“Castiel.”
“Fuck,” he breathed as more precum shot out to lu be his way. He let the water pound against his back as he jacked himself brutally.
“Castiel speaking, how may I assist you today?” asked a voice made for spontaneous orgasm induction.
Dean forced himself to shove those thoughts aside as he wet a wash cloth. He had Cas right now and that was what mattered. He just had to give him all the reasons to stay – and none to go. To that end, he cleaned his lover gently, then himself. He walked the rag back to the hamper and then curled back up in bed with Cas, who was still only semi-conscious.
“Ah, shit, it was a
Cas sobered and opened his eyes, smiling at Dean. He looked pleased and proud of himself.
Dean felt like he’d been dropped into an ice bath. “Oh. Oh God, Cas, it’s not—shit—I wasn’t—I didn’t—” Fuck, why couldn’t he form sentences? “It doesn’t have to change anything between us, man! I can ignore it, I swear! I can—”
He’d never wanted to be married in the first place, let alone because his father and some snooty royal family from hundreds of miles away had decided they needed a marriage between their best eligible kin to broker a truce. Didn’t matter much what he wanted, though, did it? At least he got to live nearby, so he wouldn’t have to be hundreds of miles from Sam.
Thankfully, Cas felt he had finally hit upon a solution. Something that would reignite the fire they had shared so long. Dean was heading out for another hunt in a short while and soon after that, Cas would be able to launch his plan into action.
Perhaps, then,
He was finally starting to relax when his phone buzzed in his pocket. He waited until Dean excused himself to the restroom before pulling it out of his pocket to look. As soon as he read her words, he wished he hadn't.
Dean had known and yet, somehow, hearing it confirmed aloud was still a little shocking. “Oh. Well, I wasn’t raised to, uh, you know, think it was a problem. Um….” Here he paused, embarrassment getting the better of him. “I’m sorry you had to see it, though,” he finished, a blush warming his cheeks.
Unlike in the dream, Cas’s wings being present meant Dean had to lie on his back for the sixty-nine. Cas stood up beside the bed and Dean let his head hang off the side slightly, to give him a better angle. Back in reality now, he knew that he had zero existing moves, unless the ones from the dream counted. He hoped they did because he was flying mostly blind, having never been brave enough to be with a man prior to now. He was pretty sure that the hurried and incomplete handjobs he’d shared with that kid in Omaha when he was fifteen did
“You’re not wearing a hat,” he told her drily.
Dean laughed that incredible belly laugh of his. “You really gotta work on your pillow talk, man. But yeah. It’s kinda like that.” He shifted and his erection grazed Cas’s thigh, causing him to hiss. “Speaking of... I’ll take this as slow or fast as you want, Cas, but you gotta tell me if you want to stop ‘cause—”
Dean smiled and his green eyes sparkled. “I’ve had a great time. You?”
“Let me think about it, but if my face isn’t going to be in it, I really don’t see why not.” He leaned closer so he could lower his voice and still be heard. “If I’m honest, I’m getting a little aroused thinking about it.”
Dean thought that was just as well. Presumably “more comfortable” was code for “more naked” and Dean wasn’t really on board with that. He didn’t mind being nude, per se, it was just that the whole nude with Cas thing was likely to be problematic. It would be sort of difficult to hide the rather frequent erections he tended to get around his best friend. He was so screwed.
"And you're upset about being lied to or about feeling like we're a charity case?"
Dean was disheartened to realize how depressing the idea of never seeing him again was. With a heavy sigh, he headed back to work.
“Oh. Well, Daphne suggested we be more adventurous and... she asked for the video. While I was making it, though, you texted me without my realizing. I just opened messaging and it went right to yours instead of hers and... well. You know the rest.”
“My cousin spent a great deal of time expounding on your uncanny beauty and the exact shade of green to be found in your eyes. It wasn’t difficult.” Bal relaxed his stance and took a seat on a nearby boulder. “Pray do tell, however, just what the hell you are still doing on the property? It has been some days since he sent you away, has it not?”
“Hm,” was all Bobby said for the moment.
“I’d like that, Dean. Would you like me to make it?”
“What did you call me?” Dean asked in a wavering voice.
“Of course, I have.”
“I wasn’t—That’s not even—just shut up, dude, whatever,” Dean huffed, straightening up and refusing to look at Cas.
Once again, Cas nodded. “It’s fine.”
After another long make-out session and another orgasm each, they lay curled together, Cas lying half across Dean, who lay on his back. When Dean started shaking, Cas looked up at him in concern. He relaxed when he saw Dean was laughing.
“Hey, sugarbutt, you ready to head back to our room? I was hoping we could get in some of that naked cuddling and intimacy Ava was talking about.” Dean’s voice was benign, but he was glaring daggers at Rob as he said it.
"No. But—never mind." Cas turned to look out the window.
“The bar’s this way,” Charlie said cheerily, as if the minor argument hadn’t happened.
Dean has been kidnapped and he's not the only one.
Dean’s eyes widened a little. “You sure?” His own voice wasn’t recognizable to his ears, it was so soft and breathless.
“God, Cas, how do you make me so hot? Feel like I could come already.” He immediately went back to kissing Cas, even more deeply than before.
“Was it good for you?” he asked with a wink.
Porn with feelings.
Then he looked down at his hands. Well, actually, what he did was he looked down to where his hands
“Huh,” Dean said contemplating Cas’ words. “Like I said, Sammy, you gotta go now.”
He wasn’t smiling the next afternoon, however. Nothing was working the way he’d expected, once they’d left Bobby’s house. When Dean made them stop for lunch, he knew it was the right thing, but he didn’t want to stop until they found the right place. The food, however, was delicious and improved his mood somewhat. Not quite as much as it did Dean’s, though.
“God, you’re so sexy like this, Cas. All wrecked and noisy and
“Are you nervous?” he asked.
Cas leaned forward and bit Dean’s ear. “Next time,” he promised, breath hot and wet on Dean’s skin. “Take them off. Slowly.”
