She opened the secret door without trouble, shut it behind her, moved purposely down the hall, and grabbed a jacket from the hooks.
She let out a sigh of relief, relaxing slightly as she lowered herself onto her belly and carefully jiggled the window in its frame before she started to slide it up, very slowly.
“So that,” Maria said. “Is why we decided it would be better for you to go. We can tell everyone it’s part of your continuing education. The conference only allows limited press, and you’ll be well-protected, and I’m hopeful that by the time you’re through, the interest will have died down a bit.”
He first noticed Queen Maria, splayed against the back side of the carriage against the window frame, her golden hair and sky-blue gown covered in blood; her once-creamy skin now turning gray and punctured all over with splinters of the shattered window pane. Next to her, and hunched as if he had tried to curl around his wife as they fell, lay King Howard. His neck was tilted at a deadly angle, his spine twisted in two different directions. Steve almost retched at the sight of them.
“Buck,” Steve gasped, strangled, and heaved his weight forward to kneel at his friend’s head, brushing muck away from Bucky's face as gently as he could. “Buck, it’s Steve, can you hear me?”
Nia dove, swimming back through that fluid, which became thicker and thicker, like jelly, as she fought against it, and finally, with an enormous exertion, caught the person by the back of their collar, and heaved them up to the surface.
echoed through the pass, ricocheting off the rocky walls and down into the ravine beside them, along with a bright flash of light. Tony’s mind had briefly considered asking Bucky if he had seen anything from his perch up with the coachman, when the entire carriage skidded to the side.
Ty stepped forward warily, as if he were talking into a trap. He took the envelope, read the outside of it. “Public Relations...for the
Nia's breath hitched. There was a conversation she had had, more than once, with Howard, about the dangers of being the child of a powerful government official, of the way she might be hurt or taken advantage of, and here it was, something she'd always laughed off, never perceived as a palpable threat.
Steve turned as red as a beet as Natasha slipped out of the bed and strode over to the two men. She gave Bucky his customary greeting kiss, and then gave the same to Steve, to his shock.
When Tony arrived at Natasha’s castle the next summer, neither Bucky nor Steve were present – off on a training mission in the northern mountains with Sir Alexander.
"You might as well stay," Howard had said, dismissively, but Nia had known the dismissiveness was put-on, a reaction to her impersonation of her mother.
. Oh, how Tony hated magic. It was rumored, fabled, even, that some Asgardians possessed extraordinary abilities in the magical arts, which was one of the foremost reasons the rest of the nine realms tended to do all they could to avoid the entire kingdom and all its denizens.
After four years of a distant alliance, it was agreed that King Howard would travel to meet with Lord Fury upon Princess Natasha’s fifth birthday. And so, after a journey of several days across the turbulent sea, the foreign king arrived proudly along with his advisers, his clever wife, Maria di Carbonelli, and his young son, Anthony.
Steve says nothing at the outburst, but does turn a lovely shade of pink. Since he’s still caressing Tony’s knuckles, and Tony is sipping from a cup of coffee he only now realizes has
“It’s easier,” Nia answered with a shrug. “The Academy’ll assign me wherever they think I belong. It won’t be choosing-- choosing-- between--”
So since Bucky had been asked to become a page for Sir Alexander, Steve was allowed to go work with Miss Carter and her father to help run the castle.
“On it,” Bucky mumbled, shooting Loki a venomous glare before striding behind Steve to the back of the cavernous, roofless hall.
“You and me,” Tony affirmed, pointing between them. “Dressed up, heading for a party together. Hell, we live together, don’t we?”
Nia reacted quickly, jabbing her elbow into the man's middle, but her shoes wobbled, barely supporting her. She snatched them off her feet, brandishing the heels like weapons.
Bucky’s hand on his arm and Thor’s sudden grip of his jacket were the only things that stopped Steve from breaking into a flat-out sprint forward. Tony staggered through the water until his bare feet touched the shore, and then Steve refused to be held back any longer. He lashed out at Thor’s chest and shoved Bucky back away from him, but they let him go easily and he tumbled forward the last few strides until he and Tony slammed into each other gracelessly.
early warning, out comes a serious question. “You really sat over there scheming how to get a conversation out of me, and that was the best you came up with? Asking me to play exterminator?”
The doctor nodded. “That may be,” he agreed. “But our offer isn’t for your father. It’s for your mother.”
Steve grabbed Tony on either side of his ribs and lowered his face to press a kiss of furious relief against the knitted skin, then leaned up to curl over Tony and rest their foreheads together.
A question slouches up from the back of Tony’s brain and, lacking a filter, he asks as casual as you please: “Is this a date?”
“I doubt even my brother has the power to wipe an entire life from your friend’s mind,” Thor cut in as reassuringly as he could. “There are ways to make magical alterations permanent, but it requires more power than I believe Loki has.”
“I—” Steve repeated foolishly. There was no point in pretending that he did not know what had happened to the notebook. Tony and Natasha clearly already knew who was responsible, and Steve was no liar.
He started nodding frantically, and had hardly gotten through his eager, “You all really want that?” when Natasha set upon him with devouring kisses, and Tony’s whoop of excitement was smothered by Bucky’s smiling mouth.
And tonight would have been the perfect night to escape—Tony himself had pointed out that if a big, shaggy, horned monster wanted to go out in public on any night of the year, Halloween would be the time. But instead of seeing if Steve wanted to take the chance to get out of the building he’d been trapped in for who-knows-how-long, maybe even get out of the city and go somewhere where he wouldn’t have to live in terror of being discovered…
Tony’s face flashed with anger, which Steve felt was a significant improvement over the snide arrogance, right up until Tony snapped: “If by ‘commoners’ you mean yourself, Rogers. Bucky’s going to be a knight and even baby Sam’s training at the mews. If you're looking for the only other person here who doesn't deserve Nat you have to look no further than your own ugly nose.”
Her mother’s face slowly resolved from the blur, anguished and tight, dark eyes bright and full of rage.
want you there. Not just because he thinks you’re talented. It’s the best place...strategically. Politically. I know there are plenty of people who would feel much safer knowing that there’s another Stark to take over from your father.”
She sucked in a breath; swallowed, gasped at the heavy sensation. “I want to see my friends,” she pointed out between kisses. Her skin was getting hot, sticky; she could feel the back of her shirt clinging to the sweaty spot between her shoulderblades. “Ty, this isn’t how I want to--”
They all met up in Natasha’s dining chamber after Bucky and Steve had time to bathe and change clothes after their long time on the road and out in the wilderness. By that point, Tony was practically jittering with nerves.
“Your eyelashes are…” Steve started, not quite sure where he was intending to go. Tony raised an eyebrow at him when the silence went on a little bit too long. Steve gave up: there was nothing insulting to say about Tony’s long, dark lashes. “Pretty.”
It had been popular, she knew, in the early days postwar, to get an A-mark tattooed there, and there were still some men who had them, pale marks in white ink. But the gesture of gratitude lost popularity after the United States had been dissolved, and now it was considered quaint.
"I'm not angry," Howard said, even though he was clearly trying to modulate his voice, even though there was certainly a strain in it. "I need to know how you got in, so I can update the security."
?” Jim asked, as he slung a warm, brown arm over Nia’s shoulders, whistling low, his dark eyes dancing and bright. He had a fresh haircut, his tight, soft black curls shorn off, his cap propped cockily on his head. “You didn’t even tell them what a shit cook you are?”
– the conceited, vengeful younger brother of Crown Prince Thor of Asgard, said to have been banished from the realm for traitorous actions during their last war with Jötunheim.
Part of that, however, was because after Clint’s final words had hung in the air for a little while (and Steve started to breathe again), Natasha and the others had demanded an explanation for the bizarre question. Clint appraised them of his highly embarrassing run-in with a tenacious swan on his way out of the castle, which made Sam frown at him.
They stayed in silence for a little while longer – then Thor seemed to gather himself up. His crossed arms became authoritative rather than injured, as he planted his feet solidly on the stone floor. “I believe you are correct about my brother’s involvement in the things you speak of,” he announced sternly.
Soon, though, he became aware that the oddness of his body, the strange weight upon his shoulder blades, the disconcerting
“I--”  Howard didn’t move, but Maria did, rising from her seat with a regal air, snatching Nia’s arm before she made it to the door.
“Don’t be a pervert, Steve,” Tony reprimanded, as though he hadn’t totally done that on purpose. “Just do it.” He drummed his hands in an obnoxious rhythm on Steve’s shoulders until he caved, at which point Tony clambered up gracelessly onto his back. He wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist, feeling his enormous forearm snake back to support his weight, then curled one arm around Steve’s neck and threw the other in the air, pointing in Jan’s general direction. “Onwards!”
“—Crown prince of Asgard,” Tony finished, looking him up and down. “Your brother has little good to speak of you.” He met Thor’s eye. “Which makes you one of my new favorite people, really.”
Even as he thought that maybe he should hit the hay instead of the workbench when they got home, a great yawn wrenched its way out of his mouth.
The other boys joined them, but Tony didn’t really care. Bucky seemed alright, but there was definitely something about the other boy—a visible chip on his shoulder—that Tony didn’t like one bit.
“Miss Cerrera-Stark!” called a voice-- a young woman’s voice, shouting over the crowd of journalists.
, Obie.”  She spoke to the window, not to him, and she scrunched up her face as she inspected her reflection.
Yinsen’s blood was going to be used to power a far more potent spell, Loki had snarled, seeming torn between fury and glee. Tony was reeling on the grass from the pain of the blow to the face he’d been dealt by Loki’s omnipresent scepter, stunned and dazed and barely able to process the body lying upon the ground beside him.
Nia shuddered. She didn’t want her mother with these people, under any circumstances. “Don’t agree, Mom,” she said tensely, shaking her head.
He reached for her head, tilted it one way, and then the other, shone a light in her eyes, and then applied pressure to her jaw, so her mouth opened against her will.
But he could not expect her to turn a blind eye were he to bring men into his bed; he simply could not do that to her.
She curled her hands into fists, and marched to the telephone. She dialed like each spin of the rotary was a stab with a knife.
“What do you want?” the prince asked tonelessly, ripping another damp sheet from the notebook and fetching another peg from the basket at his feet.
“I just came to talk to you,” Steve replied with a sad attempt at a grin. “Want to go to the drawing room?”
“Where is Tony?” Bucky demanded, storming over and grabbing Stane’s collar so tightly it pulled white lines into the skin of his throat. “What did you do to him?”
He kissed her without preface, lips soft against hers, and she leaned into him for a moment, then back, but he pressed on, tongue flicking over her upper lip and then into her mouth. Her cheeks went hot; her arms began to tingle, and she snatched up a handful of his shirt before she remembered herself and broke the kiss.
“Not on that particular project,” Howard answered. That was all he said. He shut his mouth, looking stony and severe.
Now she walked quickly through the airport, escorted by a full complement of guards, all with guns and steel-toed boots, past civilian security, and the guards
When his reading well and his faith had begun to run dry, Tony had started to explore his prison. He had, through agonizing weeks of trial and error, determined the boundaries of the castle grounds – whenever he stepped over them during the night, the pain came rushing in and he would be transformed into a bird no matter what time of day it was. He would not then transform back until the following evening. If he crossed during the day, the pain would come but with no accompanying transformation; this pain was soothed only by retreating to the lake and staying there for however many hours it took for the ache to recede once more.
was seated, rather than to Natasha. Tony barely jumped to his feet in time before he was being crushed against Bucky’s strong chest and pounded on the back.
She had run a finger over the picture of flag that would have represented her, in New York, the red and white stripes, the tiny white stars on a blue field. It had been adapted, of course, into the white-and-blue of the UNITY flag, but this was something different, something that looked like the uniform Captain America wore in all the artwork of the Last War. She had tapped a finger to her forehead, imagined a A emblazoned there.
Nia panicked. She hadn't expected this. The last time she'd been dogged by the press was when her parents were in the midst of their divorce, and that had been bad enough for UNITY to pass the Child Celebrity Protection Act, but the act had worked. It wasn't that there weren't stories about her in the news, or photos from the occasional outing, but people who wanted to interview a minor had to gain written permission first.
“They’ve had an emergency,” Uncle Obie explained, as he smoothed the sleeves of his suit-- he looked smart, even out of uniform, in tailored navy, a star-shaped tie tack pinning down his blood-red necktie. “Howie asked me to ride over with you and Jarvis. I’ll--”
She had wondered if they had been talking about her-- she had supposed it had to be her; who else could it be, and what could they be keeping from her? A lot, she had assumed. There was the obvious secret of the room behind the bookshelves. She knew that her father dealt with all kinds of secrets as Secretary of Technology.
She wanted to shout at her father: didn’t he notice, didn’t he see? Wasn’t this the point of UNITY? Wasn’t the global government intended to make everyone more
they were stolen from Rhodey’s apartment), The Slippers, and an ancient M.I.T. sweatshirt that had been dredged from somewhere in his nest of laundry when he’d heard the increasingly persistent knocking on his apartment door. Or, at least, after he’d eventually realized the knocking wasn’t part of some terrible BFG-type nightmare Pepper’d had funneled through his window in an attempt to make him keep normal human hours. Somehow, after everything, he wouldn’t put it past her.
“You two are more similar than you think,” she said to herself, as she opened up her notebook and looked at the blueprints next to her sketch. She tapped a finger absently over her ink drawing of Steve’s face, and then closed the book again, taking the reactor designs into the bathroom.
“Can’t be sure,” Yinsen answered. “No one’s taking credit. Hydra’s the obvious answer; we’re getting too close to their central base, but...January’s people…”
Nia suddenly felt lightheaded, her brain stopped processing in words; everything was raw impulse with no way to verbalize it.
She’d wished they hadn’t tried to make them the same. They had felt false; for one, the sunlight came through the windows at a different angle, at a different time of day. It had felt as if she were on a movie set of her own bedroom-- an attempt at a faithful recreation that hadn’t quite hit the mark.
There was something wrong with Tony, and Steve knew exactly who he needed on his side to help figure out what it was.
The man sighed, though his unsettling smile barely faltered. “It is not up to them. This place is hidden from their sight. Even if they were to stand not three strides from you, they would not see you. They would not hear you. You could strike them upon the face and they would feel nothing more than the wind.”
Once they were gone, Queen Maria turned to look speculatively at Lord Fury, who was looking back at her and her husband with the same sort of gleam in his one remaining eye.
“The last time Miss Stark received an infraction was six years ago,” Officer Knight said, clearing her throat, when no one else spoke. “That means you’re lucky,” she said to Nia. “This isn’t even going to show up on your security reports.”
“My father isn’t corrupt,” Nia answered, her jaw feeling very stiff. It was hard to talk; her voice sounded stilted.
What she did know was that they had stopped speaking-- at least, they’d stopped speaking around her-- and they avoided being in the same place, if they could. They split the house in two, right down the middle, with a dividing line painted in silver down the center of the dining room floor.
It took him several long seconds to realize that he was not dead – but that he wished he could be. The only sounds he heard were the roarings of
“Greetings, Princess Natasha,” Thor called in welcome, striding confidently over to her and bowing to lay a chaste kiss upon her knuckles. He gave Clint a short, curious look and a shallow bow, greeting him by name once introduced but then turning back to Natasha. “It is my great pleasure to make your acquaintance, but you must forgive me, Princess, for my hesitance. Though I am glad you have come to visit my home, I am not quite certain of why you have chosen to do so now, and what other business you bring. You informed my castellan that your concern today was of dire importance.”
It looked so strange in the dark, but he had cherished memories of running through these trees with Natasha when they were very young, Bucky and Steve as they got older, and Clint and Sam when they were older still. Here he had had friends, here he had been loved. This was a place of peace and joy. This is where they had once brought his mother for a picnic, where the men had splashed foolishly in the calm waters of the creek while the ladies teased and scolded them from the grass bank.
The curtain blocked her view of the room, but the first thing she noticed was that it was chilly, as if the room was fully air-conditioned, the cold air leaking out through the open window. She shimmied around so she could climb in feet-first, and she slipped backward into the room, dropping to her feet with a smack against a tile floor that was louder than she intended. She stumbled back, her shoe catching on the bottom of the blackout curtain, and she groaned-- the window was too high, too far out of reach for her to shut it without climbing back up. She pulled herself up on the windowsill and fumbled at the frame with her elbow until she managed to shut it most of the way, then dropped back to the floor, more steadily this time.
, and the thought finally punched a small sob from his lungs—that he was beginning to wonder if he had not read his own situation horribly wrong. Was it possible that it was his emotions about the sanctity of marriage, those old speeches that his frail ma used to give to him whenever he asked her why she did not run from his drunkard, violent monster of a father that were the problem, not his feelings for Tony? Perhaps those speeches had been justifications for her own fear. Perhaps marriage really did mean nothing if there was no real, warm love within it. Perhaps a marriage vow was only words.
Nia sat, stunned. This was her father, this was the man who got on the radio and told everyone that UNITY was the greatest invention of the modern age, this was the man who said, in public, that anyone who dared threaten the security of the new world order would be met with force that would crush them. She’d known him for eighteen years, and this was the first taste she’d had that maybe there was something else beneath that, that maybe it was all for show.
Tony’s mouth twisted. “He wanted my blood—more than he got from doing his best to break my nose once a week, I might add—but he wanted me to give it willingly.”
“They’re just asking for money,” Howard replied. “You can’t give money to all of them; we’d run out of cash, Nia.”
“Listen up, everyone!” Jan called, her voice carrying through the house even before someone turned down the music.
He moved suddenly, and Tony barely had time to turn his head before Obadiah’s fist connected with the center of his chest. But no – not just his fist. He held something in his hand. Tony’s chest hurt with a sharp, stinging pain that did not feel at all like a punch, and he began to sway. Obadiah brought up his other arm to brace against Tony’s back, balancing him between it and the hand he kept pressed against his breastbone. After a moment of dazed confusion, he realized that Obadiah was lowering him to the ground, supporting his weight as he went down. Tony was too dazed to fight him.
Tony wished he could be so simple, but of course he had to make everything so much harder than it could have been. He was certain that if he were to take a mistress or two—or nightly—Natasha would not be upset (well, she might take issue with the nightly rotation, but, frankly, so would Tony).
This was by far the best lead any of them had managed to find on the identity of the mysterious attacker. It was quite remarkable—and highly unnerving—that the person had taken eight lives, one arm, and one prince almost four months ago, and then simply disappeared into the æther.
This was not how things would end between them. They had an entire life ahead of them full of love and devotion, Natasha’s sharp tongue and soft smiles, Bucky’s free affection and determined good sense, Sam’s cheerful scolding and his constantly bringing those nasty birds into their rooms, Clint’s terrible sense of timing and all the horror and laughter it would no-doubt bring them…
liking someone like her-- she was short, thick-waisted, and mousy and had an overlarge, angular nose and a jaw too square for a woman, and there he was, looking like
“Tony,” Steve said finally as he drew away and put his hands behind his back. “It's good to see you.”
Staring silently, quietly at the bookshelf, she realized that the night had ended on a decent note after all: both of her parents, in one place, trusting her as if she were an adult.
Steve stared at Tony with a very odd, uncertain look on his face, as though he was trying to read Tony’s mind. But he was not Natasha, and since Tony was going along with exactly what he wanted, he clearly decided to just let it be, and nodded. “We are friends, Tony. I will always be your friend.”
The pain was pulsing, burning like fire, like each of his bones was being shattered and repaired with every wave of it. He was only distantly aware of climbing a staircase, hurtling down a dark hallway. Of grasping at his heaving stomach as though he could prevent his body from shaking apart if he only clutched it tight enough.
Nia nodded. She looked down, admiring her father’s elegant design, poring over his calculations. “I would have loved this,” she said, sadly. “Working on it for the right reasons. Why didn’t you ever-- you never
Tony had not been found. They had scoured the ravine for days, covered every place he could have possibly been flung and a fair amount of places he could not. And yet for all their efforts, there was no body, no blood, no trails – no trace at all of the man.
After supper a few days later, Natasha disappeared into her bedchamber for a moment and then returned to the cleared table to present them with her designs for Steve’s heraldry, were she to win the bet; presumably in an effort to coax Steve into kissing Tony and ensuring her loss.
The sun was only just beginning to rise, which was their preferred time to attack: giving them a light sufficient to see by, but one that was still strange and shifting enough to put enemies slightly off-kilter. The air was cold, the ground colder still, and even Thor in his great cloak was beginning to shiver the longer they waited.
She wasn’t sure how much time had lapsed when she woke, and it took her a moment to make sense of where she was, sitting up too fast so her face got scratched by the branches of the bush she was sleeping in. It was still dark, and she thanked all the deities she didn’t technically believe in that she hadn’t slept all night in the dirt.
“He is alive,” Thor said, but his grim tone made it clear that it would not be true for much longer. “Do you have either of the amulets?”
“That’s what I just suggested,” Ty answered. “Remember that time my parents were in the Southwestern Territories, covering that revolt, and we had the house to ourselves…” he said.
Many members of the court of Menahahte, as well as some of Natasha’s own courtiers, had insisted that Bucky must have had something to do with Tony’s disappearance. Bucky’s love for Natasha was a rather poorly kept secret, so he certainly had a motive of jealousy, at the very least. What he lacked quite spectacularly, the dissenters vehemently argued, was the means. Nobody was able to come up with a plausible situation in which Bucky could have caused such explosive damage to the scene and sent not only the carriage but six of the escorts to their deaths over the cliff, and five more to their near-deaths. Not least
“I should have him exiled,” Natasha hissed, turning abruptly and stalking back the way she had come.
Tony’s mouth opened and closed a few times before he tried to speak, but just managed a strangled noise as his brain rebooted. “Were you under my bed this whole time??”
At his side, Sam’s eyes were as wide as their forgotten dinner plates, looking from the ghostly white Pepper to Natasha’s self-defensive stance to Steve’s utter stillness. “You knew?”
His eyes remained the same: rich blue and shimmering, framed by long, feathery lashes that Steve lacked the coy art to use to full advantage. Tony would have him no other way. Steve was brusque, and stubborn, and solid, and Tony was hopeless for him. A seemingly endless stream of lovers—female and male with little distinction—had done nothing to change how he felt about Steve, except perhaps to fan his desire for the man into an almost unstoppable blaze.
they had found Tony alive and well, the swan he had—even at the time—noted seemed oddly upset with Clint… that swan might have
Judging by the looks he had been given they were both aware of his lie, which was why he was down here, actually scrubbing pots, to prove that he was not a liar.
Tony had gaped down at it for a good twenty seconds, then leaped off and flopped to the floorboards on his belly to peek underneath. He hadn’t turned on the lights and couldn’t see much, just what looked like a big fuzzy blanket all rolled up and stuffed beneath the bedframe. He stared for a few seconds longer…
And, far worse, leaving Bucky behind might suggest to him that Steve valued him quantitatively less now than before, in the measure of one left arm.
“Good enough reason to divorce a man as any,” she muttered. She edged her way to the other side of the dome-- it was more of an oblong object, maybe seven feet or so in length, and the other end of it left her far from her starting point. She could guess that the room didn’t go on much further, because there were no more lights blinking back on the right wall past a certain point.
She reached for the doorknob, her hand shivering and a little numb, then stopped, realizing that here she was, that this was the room she’d been trying to find a way into for
Natasha somehow cajoled Tony into tucking her hand beneath his arm, so that he could escort her from the room like the adults did. The entire assembly watched them go with varying expressions of surprise and pleasure on their faces. It was, objectively, an adorable sight – the tiny red-headed princess in a glittering white and gold dress, marshaling the older boy to follow her commands. It took quite a while for her short legs to traverse the hall, with Tony having to shorten his stride to pace her. The guards at the end of the hall dutifully opened the doors to let the children leave, followed by an amused Lady Hill.
She felt numb; she couldn’t move her hands. There was a slow, steady beeping sound, and the electrical whir of a fan.
Stane said nothing for a while, letting his head loll in Bucky’s vicious grip, before he slowly turned to look behind Bucky, to Steve. A vindictive smirk took over his face. “You’re too late anyway. If the little fool isn’t finally dead by now he soon will be.” He sneered, looking Steve up and down. “Seems a fitting end for a pair of disgusting, m—”
“Annie,” Maria had said, looking Nia over with an uncertain look, as if she were trying to gauge how much her daughter could understand, intellectually. “There are going to be some big changes in your life.”
“I’m concerned,” Yinsen said, when they were out of Obie’s earshot. “That UNITY is going to make a decision that doesn’t take into consideration that this current generation of Hydra is gaining support from locals because of the steep inequities that UNITY has yet to correct. Add there's a rumor that January--”
Nia gritted her teeth. “That goes for both of you,” she said, clenching her hands into fists. She waved a hand at Howard. “At least I expect him to be unreliable. I figured, fine, maybe Howard’s fucking drunk again, maybe he lost track of time, maybe he’s built a rocketship and fucking
Nia took a deep breath. She’d heard the story before, how UNITY had charged that Viastone was dangerous, that their criticism could destroy the fledgling government before it ever got off the ground. They’d been accused of being radical dissidents set on toppling UNITY, and that the only trustworthy place to get news was through Oscorp, where the news was carefully crafted pro-UNITY propaganda.  Norman Osborn, the owner of Oscorp had been heralded as a hero of the people and leveraged his success to become the Director of the new global government. The conflict between his regime and the remaining news outlets had raged on ever since, and Ty seemed to be its latest casualty.
The effects of the new spell were not at first evident. Tony remained a swan and, until the sun set, he panicked that he had simply been cursed to remain a swan forever.
“I am afraid it is not an ideal solution,” Thor admitted, peering down at the pendant. “It is intended to defend against enchantments being cast on the wearer – but in your case, Prince Tony, the enchantment has already been cast.”
Tony gritted his teeth. “You're wrong. Natasha will believe no such thing. Steve will not rest until he finds my body, dead or alive.”
It took her a few moments to realize that there was a fuss behind her, onstage, where Ty was standing, hands on his hips, facing off with the Dean.
Tony simply held out his arms around Natasha, at which Bucky shrugged but gamely strode forward to hug Tony around Natasha’s body. She grumbled but did not seem displeased with the arrangement.
All of this, however, seemed to lose some of its importance when it came to finding Tony, which had more or less become one of Bucky's sole reasons for recovering from his melancholy. There was little he would not put up with to find his friend: whose absence he felt acutely responsible for, no matter how the others tried to convince him otherwise.
Nia had sat very silent and still, and she hadn’t quite been able to explain the way her forearms had tingled, why she had felt cold all over.
“—How could you, brother?” Thor hollered right in Loki’s ear. “Are you truly so lost? Have you truly fallen so far into this madness?”
Tony deserve better than this self-sacrificing determination of yours and… I have had enough. Tomorrow morning, we are—”
“We can take you home as a swan,” she countered. “We just have to get you back. We have Loki’s notes. We can solve this. The wedding is in two days, and I don’t have any objections to marrying you even in a swan’s body, just as long as it’s really you.”
Nia had nodded, and clasped her hands between her knees anxiously as she realized it was going to be that kind of talk.
,” Obie objected. “We’ve been trying to smoke them out since the war. I say, if a chance presents itself--”
“That was probably on purpose,” Carol answered, and she snatched at Jim’s hand. In her heels, she was taller than him, and leaned down to plant a kiss on his cheek. “Your file probably has
It was a fond joke – a warm, private source of laughter around the castle that the burly, golden Steve’s knight’s arms were to be a delicate, irritable waterfowl. It was not supposed to be dragged in here, into this dungeon, this mysterious place. Should never be spoken of by this loathsome man, who spoke of killing in one breath and then in the next of humor in which he had no place.
Stupid goddamn spider. If it weren’t already dead he’d be wishing a fate worse than death upon it for its meddling.
So it became the norm that Tony would fight with them until he reached his limit, then he would work on his own projects while sitting on a hay bale or against a fence post, calling out insults occasionally or asking their opinions on whatever he was working on that day. He designed a new bow for Clint that had the archer almost mute with shock after he first tried it out, after which he was practically as fond of and loyal to Tony as any of the others who had known him since they were children.
After a moment of stillness, the swan let out a loud shriek and its large wings puffed up behind it. Steve could hardly stop himself from yelling Tony’s name once more, at which the bird’s wings extended fully and began flapping frantically. It shrieked at him again, craning its head around to where the sun was dipping below the trees.
being getting dates and starting conversations with total strangers, with little to copious amounts of actual preparation beforehand. He thinks for a moment about mentioning it, but the idea feels a little sour. Steve’s not someone he just met in a bar. They probably aren’t going to go and have wild ape sex back in either of their apartments once they check off the formality of a date—Tony can feel take-it-slow vibes practically broadcasting from the guy.
All in all, Steve looked like the perfect scary monster. Now if only he could get said monster moving.
But it was Carol who came running like a racehorse across the sand, kicking up clouds behind her, in impossibly high red espadrilles that were
This conversation was held as Bucky deftly swept aside a tapestry Steve had hardly paid any attention to before in their shared rooms, revealing a door hidden behind it. Blowing right over Steve’s indignation and surprise, Bucky opened that door, grabbed Steve by the hand, and led him down a disconcertingly dark hallway. After some twists and turns and a dark stairwell Steve discovered by tripping over it, they arrived in the antechamber of a room Steve did not recognize.
Tony held up a dismissive hand. “Monster, beasty, Wolfman, whatever. I don’t care. Do you want some coffee?”
It felt as though Tony’s heart had stopped entirely. The concept did not make sense. It could not make sense. His parents could not be dead. It simply could not be.
, there’s no—” He skids to a verbal halt, blinking at himself in the mirror over the sink in utter horror. He hasn’t been this useless at conversation with attractive people since he was
Instead, there was nothing in Tony’s gaze when he looked at Steve. A slight wariness, that pervasive uncertainty, and not even a flicker of the bright affection that he had once spilled between them every time their eyes met. Steve found himself wondering how much someone had to change before they really could be considered a different person. He wondered if Tony had come back without the love he'd once had, without those relationships, without his joy, without his fire… if that was the case, was he even still Tony at all?
The scream gave Nia just enough time to whirl around, to keep the man behind her from clapping a cloth-- that stank of chloroform-- over her mouth and nose.  He was dressed in green, a sickly, poisonous green.
“Well, yeah,” Tony forced out. “I mean, I moved into your house. You… you might have been in danger if you left. I didn’t give you a choice, I—”
"He doesn't seem especially conversational," Nia pointed out. "Do you always keep patients in the basement?"
So it was that Princess Natasha and her loyal guard Clint Barton dressed in their best travel clothing, as was only appropriate for an informal visit such as this, and arrived in the capitol of Asgard. The city was quite stunning, with its golden sandstone buildings and intimidatingly towering spires overhead, like great musical organs. But they moved through it all quickly on their way to the palace, where they immediately requested an audience with Prince Thor, as had been promised to Natasha in her recent letter. They were soon ushered into a room just off the courtyard in the middle of the spectacular palace, and given refreshments to ignore while they waited for the prince to arrive.
“Loki,” he said faintly, almost involuntarily. “You are not incorrect, Princess. There is little information regarding my brother with which I would part without good reason.”
Not when Loki visited the castle sometimes in the morning, just to pin Tony to the ground within the castle walls and watch him writhe and scream as the sun rose.
She froze, and didn’t turn around,  “I’m-- I’m sorry,” she said to the reporter who had just asked her a question about her opinion on the recent rise in Hydra insurgents. “Could you please repeat the--”
He declined to call out, not certain he wanted to meet whomever had pulled him from the wreck of the carriage and put him in here.
. The real issue is finding a way to displace the plasma byproduct that’s a side-effect of the process. I told UNITY I needed another pair of hands on the project if they wanted--”
Pepper reacted with nothing so much as incandescent relief when Steve surreptitiously drew her back into her quarters the next day just after the morning meal, and told her that he thought she was right about Tony.
They’d met the night Tony moved into the condo. His dad had bought it for him, big surprise, claiming that the building had way better security than any of the ones on campus. Tony was pretty sure the old man had just cringed at the idea of his son and heir slumming it with the other kids in the spartan dorms, but whatever.
“You wished to discuss the future relations between our kingdoms?” Queen Maria asked, a laugh tugging at the edges of her voice.
Nia silently chastised herself for ever believing that her parents would make it to graduation. “Is everything okay?” she asked. She could feel her face getting hot, but she tried to sound calm, casual, as if it didn’t upset her that her parents couldn’t be present on the most important day of her life.
Nia felt as if her heart had stopped. “Wh--”  She started, but she couldn’t speak. She cringed, her knees locking up, and she turned away from her mother, so Maria couldn’t see her face.
“I hate him,” he snarled, not caring that his ma would have been ashamed to hear such words leave his lips, no matter how well-deserved.
Natasha leveled him with a piercing look. “We believe he may be responsible for an attack upon my lands four months gone. It was perpetrated by a formidable magic-user, resulting in eight deaths and as many injuries, some grievous.”
He successfully drags his eyes back up to the man’s face, feeling like a tool and a complete creeper but lacking the capacity at pre-6 a.m. to actually… stop being so creepy. “Are I?”
It hadn’t sounded parental at all, but that was to be expected from Howard. Nia still sometimes wondered about how, exactly, Howard had managed to become a parent, or whether he’d actually wanted a child in the first place. It instructed her to meet him in his office.
, Tony muses while peering at the beastly thing sitting nonchalantly on top of his neighbor’s drain. If it were any later in the day he’d probably be horrified at the sight of its chunky, fuzzy legs hooked over the entire span of the metal, but as far as he can tell his emotions don’t fully load until either noon or the third cup of coffee. Ah well, there’ll always be time later to be horrified. Preferably when his hot neighbor isn’t within shrieking range.
It was a little needless to say, since he was gone with a whoop a scant moment later, and everyone could hear him colliding with one or the other of the two squires and shouting in joy outside the door. Bucky came bursting into the room a moment later and, to Tony’s utter shock, went in an arrow-straight line for where
“Tony will be in no danger,” Steve assured her, wresting his hand from her grip so that he could retake her small hands between his own. “Natasha would never allow him to be hurt.”
Tony’s return, naturally, caused a great excitement in both Natasha’s kingdom and his own, and all of the realms joined in the jubilation over the prince coming back from the dead. Lord Fury, as practical and almost callous as always, demanded that Tony and Natasha be married immediately, and after long, quite ugly
She had gotten tired of waiting. It was just like Howard, to call her to meet with him and then vanish, and she supposed he would call her back when he wanted to speak. She had been trying to decide how to wear her hair on the first day of her Academy lessons. Regulations for Academy dictated her clothing-- blue trousers, blue shirt, brown boots, a single star on her shoulder to designate her class year-- and she was grateful, as fashion was something she'd never quite understood, but her hair was her own problem.
Thor went utterly pale. “I received word of the attack of which you speak, but I was not aware it was perpetrated by a magic user… you believe my brother to be responsible for the deaths of the noble Stark family?”
Tony looked longsufferingly up at the ceiling. “Of course your name is Steve. Why wouldn’t the monster under my bed be called Steve?”
Oh shit, if it was awkward before, there was no way this wasn’t going to make things absolutely unbearable between them. No no no, how could he be so stupid? Tony tensed up too, his heart starting to pound. He made the executive and not-at-all-cowardly decision not to remove his face from where it was hidden in Steve’s fur. Denial, yep, denial was definitely the way to go.
“You must be the Steven that James speaks of so highly,” Sir Alexander mused, and Steve just nodded, at a bit of a loss. He darted a glance at Bucky, who silently told him that no, he did not understand what was happening either. “James tells me you read, Steven.”
—he was still the same person. Tony was far too strong and self-possessed to be undone by something such as this. Each time the thought faltered, Steve simply had to shore it up more determinedly.
It was then that Tony realized that what he had thought was a torch was in fact a long scepter in the man’s hand – tipped with a golden stone glowing as though it were flame made solid. An enchanted gem, no doubt, and Tony amended his assessment of exactly how bad a situation he was in.
She ran off the stage in tears, sat down on the ground as soon as she’d descended the stairs, and began to sob.
Steve continued to fume until he fell asleep, then the next day he awakened, dressed, and went down to breakfast in the servant’s kitchen with Bucky, fuming still. He could not help thinking about the banquet hall upstairs, where Natasha and the famous
For all his bravado, Tony wasn’t absolutely sure that nobody would kick up a fuss over Steve, but he was a hell of a lot better at hiding his nerves about it. He was just about to make a joke about a nearby group of kids all dressed up as
Nancy tossed her a salute with perfect form and the heel-click of a servicewoman, and Nia felt the tension melt out of her shoulders with relief as she hopped through the circle of journalists to join her savior.
He tried to kiss her again, and she groaned, and leaned out of the way. “I thought we were talking?”
“Nat!” Bucky whined from behind her, and his voice was deep and strong and masculine now, sounding as though it had finally stopped threatening a squeak whenever he became excited.
A few weeks later, King Howard announced that Tony was never again to be accompanied on his visits to Natasha’s kingdom, as Lord Fury had expressed concern that the presence of the other two children had seriously undermined the purpose of the visit, which was explicitly for Tony and Natasha to bond. Tony argued vehemently that Natasha getting along with his friends could only be considered a good thing, and that next summer the novelty would have worn off – but both Howard and Fury were immovable.
Weeks passed, and Steve managed successfully to avoid Tony wherever possible. Lord Stane had skulked around the castle for a long, awkward week, but he had eventually departed. In his absence, Sam had taken to reporting on the prince’s daily whereabouts and activities through his seemingly endless supply of informants in the castle and the town. Unfortunately, Tony’s activities seemed to consist mostly of flirting outrageously with every woman who came within speaking distance of him and then disappearing with some of those women, and Steve tried to convince himself that he did not care what Tony did, nor did he care who he did it with. Sam’s reports began to change from the disbelieving to the dry, then edged towards the plainly disapproving as Tony’s behavior appeared to represent his new norm.
Clint had no answer for that, for either option seemed equally absurd. He threw his hands in the air helplessly. “Who else could it possibly be?”
Tony said his usual warm farewells to the others, exchanged with Clint the very odd punching and hand-slapping ritual they had developed over the summer, embraced Natasha tightly and breathed in the fresh, herbal smell of her hair.
Steve beams and draws alongside Tony as they stride down the hectic New York street. “Terrified. But not so terrified that I needed to run over to your apartment in nothing but a
It was not Steve. Someone was standing where Steve had been standing, sure. And Tony had been wrapped around him like he’d been wrapped around Steve. But this man was considerably less toothy and… floofy.
Jan’s pronouncement gave him an excuse to make a beeline through the kitchen, back into the living room, and into Steve’s lap.
They had been sitting next to each other at events since they’d begun at the Academy: Nia was S-T-A-R-K, Ty was S-T-O-N-E, though it took two years for Nia to even bother to introduce herself, and it was only then that she found out that Ty had been paying close attention to her all along.
“Nobody knows that,” Ty answered. “I was reviewing the footage. Your expressions are priceless. At the end, you begged me to fuck you. Begged and begged, and I didn’t give it to you till you called yourself a whore, told me you were filthy and didn’t deserve it. I think the public would really, really enjoy seeing that side of you, don’t you?”
The line ahead of her dwindled. She tried to breathe in patterns, she breathed out the Fibonacci series, one breath, then two breaths, then three, five, eight.
Despite Natasha’s best backhanded efforts, Steve felt himself retreating further and further from Tony as the summer bled out, finding that he was beginning to wish he were someone else, or that Tony was, which was a thought that could only lead down dangerous and heartbreaking paths. So he went riding with Tony, went hunting. Clint used them all as target practice, and Tony continued to help the blacksmith with his work in exchange for the use of his forge to create individual weapons and uniquely crafted pieces of armor for his friends.
From the close quarters and flickering gem-light, Tony could see that the man was even taller than he had first imagined, with a long, sharp face and extremely high forehead. His long hair was not the more typical Asgardian gold or copper, but was instead very dark, perhaps even black against his pale skin. He was from the northern mountains of the foreign kingdom, then. Perhaps a supporter of the recently exiled prince, or even one of the rogue agents of Jötunheim.
She went from uncomprehending to angry in a matter of moments. Her hands felt hot; her cheeks flushed. She pressed her fists into her thighs.
Her hand pressed up against the glass, she leaned forward, trying to peer inside, trying to figure, from her mental map of the house, what part of the cellar she was near.
The truth was, Steve really had no excuse, and he did not understand it himself. So he seized upon the only other reasoning he had at hand. “You shouldn’t marry him,” he groused, poking mulishly at his pheasant broth.
“It would be unwise to leave it here,” Thor admitted. “I know not what it might do if touched with bare flesh.”
“They tell me you have been made a squire,” Tony said into the silence, still standing with his arms behind his back in front of the harpsichord. “Congratulations.”
Loki was interrogated ferociously by everyone from Lord Fury to the unassuming but somehow quite frightening chamberlain, Coulson, who came the closest to cracking the disgraced prince. From him they learned the key to deciphering the code of the journals they had retrieved from the back room at the castle where Tony had been kept, the one Natasha had broken into, and the notes were set upon rabidly by everyone who could read, seeking any information about what had been done to Tony.
“You are the most… stubborn…” Sam trailed off, tipping his head against the cool stone of the wall at his back. “Are you so afraid to be happy?”
Nia’s stomach lurched, and she realized she hadn’t eaten. Nothing, all day. She’d been too nervous in the morning, and then she missed lunch because she’d conveniently been hauled off to jail, and now it was nearing six in the evening and she somehow, somehow had made it this long without fainting.
“Beheaded!” Bucky contributed gleefully, from where he was prostrate along the length of a low couch.
There was a chorus of boos as Thor the Icelandic football player pumped his fist in the air and caught his candy bar one-handed.
Nia gasped, then looked up at the surgeon's face, and back to his middle again. It was then that she realized he wasn't only covered up for sanitary purposes...he was entirely electronic.
Howard shook his head and waved the other man away. “We don’t even know what he looks like; we don’t have a good photo of him that’s less than ten years old. Even if we knew who to look for, Rand won’t be going after us; that’s not...that wasn’t his parents’ game”
But this particular situation? “Me neither.” Coffee in the dead hours of the morning with his arachnophobic and unbelievably cheeky neighbor? Definitely breaking new ground.
A noise cracked from his throat one morning, while Steve was busily drawing Natasha’s profile as she reclined opposite him in Bucky’s bedchamber. In an instant, both Steve and Natasha were on their feet, leaning over Bucky’s bed.
to go yet. Instead he stood up and started to make his way around the edges of the crowd, Tony cradled in his arms like a simpering heroine. Well, a simpering heroine who was wiggling and twisting and hissing for their freedom, anyway.
She climbed into the steamy bath, bringing her father’s folder with her, and submerged the papers under nearly-scalding hot water until all the ink ran off, until the fibers of the paper came apart and turned into pulpy mush, and then she mashed them all into a cube, which she went about making very precise. She found the shaping of the paper into a three-dimensional object somehow satisfying, and she was certain, now, that the schema were lost to everyone but her.
The light on the lock blinked red twice, then green twice: the signal that it was disarmed properly.
“Found him!” Sam announced, giving Natasha a little bow, then waiting for Tony to acknowledge him to give him a bow too.
It was then that Bucky’s face moved. It was caked with dirt, filth and forest debris, bleeding sluggishly from several deep cuts and scrapes.
The next summer, Tony convinced everyone that he was very ill – by creating a special vest that went under his clothes and was filled with hot water, so he was always overheated, flushed and sweating. He lazed in bed almost the entire summer, reading and studying and pretending to take his medicine, telling himself that he did not miss Natasha at all. He made friends with the chamberlain’s daughter, who was a redhead like Natasha but very little like her in any other way. He really liked her nonetheless, and by the end of the summer they were fast friends. Rhodey liked her too, which was a feat in and of itself.
“Stay by me,” Howard instructed, as they deboarded the plane. “Men here...don’t treat women like they do back home. It’s not safe.”
Nia mouthed the words, but didn’t dare actually try to sing; she was painfully awful at carrying a tune. Ty, of course, sang along in his light tenor. It made Nia want to roll her eyes; even his
,” Tony snapped – or, he meant to snap that, but what came out of his throat was rather more a brief series of hisses punctuated by a surprised
look impossibly like the statue of Captain America outside the Academy, though: tall and athletic, with a twinkle in his eye and softly curling yellow hair that was just a touch longer than regulation, but not so long that he couldn't charm his way out of an infraction.
“Sure sure sure sure sure,” Tony rattled off, digging his fingers into the thick brown fur on Steve’s arm and giving him another tug. “Let’s go, already!”
“Speak for yourself,” Ty answered, wryly. “My future wife isn’t going to work sanitation or food service.”  He gave her a little squeeze around the shoulders.
“Maria?” she asked, plaintive, feeling very helpless, as she walked into the living room on her mother’s side of the house. Maria was reading a newspaper and drinking her morning coffee.
“Put her on an airplane now,” Maria replied. “And I’ll come do whatever it is you want the minute she's home.”
Someone suddenly tapped Steve’s knee, and he looked over in surprise to see Sam peering oddly at him.
Tony was almost breathless with anger. “For any number of his admirable traits, you vile creature. He will find me, no matter what trite spell you put upon me. Have faith in
“It may be that it never heals completely, Your Highness,” Clint said seriously from Natasha’s side. “But you must also be certain that the wound doesn't weaken you, nor fester and poison your blood.”
Natasha cleared her throat as soon as she saw Bucky and Steve enter, and Tony froze, practically tossing his notebook and leather-wrapped charcoal onto the floor across the room.
A few weeks later, Tony’s parents arrived with a fair assemblage of Menahahte nobility, filling the large castle to the brim with bustling bodies and riotous sound.
He’s telling the truth, as absurd as it seems. He looks too awkward to be lying. And, technically, Tony does do this a lot—
“Because I’ve finally managed to ask you, and I really hope you’ll come get coffee with me,” is the ridiculous response, and whatever nervousness there had been on Steve’s face before has been replaced with steely determination.
She groped for the door behind her. The handle was icy, but she jerked it open and vaulted herself from the room, her heart pounding in her chest.
“You’re such a little slut, always so eager to please. You knew I was too good for you; you were so desperate to keep me. So happy that someone was paying attention to you, you’d let me do whatever I wanted.”  Ty chuckled. “Do you know we have surveillance cameras all over the house?”
Tony stopped and turned to look at Steve. His eyes grew wide briefly, and he put his hand on top of Steve’s head. “You’re getting tall,” he observed, since Steve was about eye-level with his chin, now, and showing no signs of stopping.
Howard walked to the whiskey decanter on the sideboard, reached for the top, then frowned back at Nia, and dropped his hand, coming to the sofa. He took off his dress coat and cap, the officer’s cap with its tiny wings etched over either ear, and sat, crossing one leg over his knee. He still didn’t make eye contact, still seemed a bit unfocused, and Nia realized he was mouthing something, maybe whispering to himself.
“My parents issued a public statement,” Ty said, as he caught up with Carol, panting slightly. “They’re not buying any photographs, and they’ll see to it that anyone who sells a photo of you that was taken without your permission never sells another pic to any of their outlets.”
The way those blue eyes crinkled at the corners was one Tony was perfectly familiar with, and he exhaled in a rush of forgotten fear and delight.
Steve always ensured that one of Bucky, Clint, or Sam would be present on these outings, since he knew there was a need for security but he had no desire to get to know the woman who had given Tony to the world, and whom Tony loved so deeply.
But they obviously made her happy, even the quiet, glaring Steve, who was supposed to be six years old but looked far younger and was really,
There was more rustling and shifting audible through the door, and then the guy walked forward with heavy steps.
Flashbulbs went off in her eyes, and, startled, she put her purse up to shield her vision from the light.
“My brother,” Clint told them, his face contracted with old grief, and Natasha touched his arm in sympathy for a hurt she had not known of. Nor had she ever experienced it, for her most enduring beloved ones—Tony, Steve, and James—had never caused her such heartache. The mere thought of it was both ludicrous and inexplicably dreadful to contemplate.
Uncle Obie was personable, affectionate, understanding where her parents never had been. Now, he gave her a wry half-smile. “How was your exit interview?”
Tony’s eyes were probably a little misty too by that point. Fortunately, nobody was around to see: it was late enough that all the kids were home already, and the foot traffic was down to almost nil. Besides, they’d cut through a big alley between streets, which Tony would only ever do at nighttime with a literal giant monster accompanying him.
“Who betrayed us?” Natasha demanded, grabbing Justin by one of his upraised wrists and digging her fingernails into the sensitive skin there. He cringed in pain as she twisted angrily. “Who helped you, Hammer?”
Her stomach churned; she tried to soothe herself. She was first in all her subjects, all twelve of them, after she'd petitioned the Academy to let her skip lunch and to let her take extra classes as independent studies.
Tony returned the bow respectfully. “Hello, James. I have a friend called James too, but I call him Rhodey ‘cause James is his dad’s name too and that’s too many Jameses.”
is Captain America," Nia pointed out. "I almost thought you wanted me to break into your creepy rooms full of coma patients."
Obadiah grinned. “Always liked you better when you weren’t talking. But here it is – you’re finally of use to me. Even your dear
The others looked incredulously down at the chain and pendant Thor allowed to spool like liquid gold in his palm.
Steve was looking at him weirdly, but maybe this time it was a little… warm? Maybe Tony was just reading too much into it.
Natasha beckoned them forwards, then stepped back. “Tony, these are my friends. James,”—She gestured to the brunet—“and Steve.” She flapped a hand needlessly at the grimacing blond. “This is Tony.”
The summer after Tony turned twenty-one, he looked out the window of the carriage as it rumbled through the hills of Natasha’s kingdom, wondering why people had to make life so complicated.
“Just for friends, Your Highness. You're welcome to call me Rhodey,” he returned with a charming smile.
Natasha lurched forward immediately to drag him into a hug. “Three years,” she muttered into his shoulder. “Three years since I last saw you.”
“... Not telling.” If this creeper didn’t know he had snuck into Howard Stark’s son’s house, Tony sure as hell wasn’t going to be the one enlightening him.
“That is not Tony,” Pepper said firmly into the silence, and for once nobody bothered to contradict her.
“I know my brother,” Thor snapped, now visibly upset. “And I know what he is capable of. If my brother wishes the throne of a kingdom, he will have to either do away with me or usurp it from another. Since he has already proven incapable of murdering me in cold blood, it seems he has set his sights on a new prize. There are many things he could do to King Anthony with his sorcerer’s abilities that would allow him to take Princess Natasha’s kingdom, whether by force or by treachery.”
Thor said nothing for a little while, but he was clearly thinking. “Princess…” he said finally. “Would you say that Anthony is a man with great strength of character?”
Every few days, Loki would come by and taunt him. Tell him that nobody was looking for him—Tony did not believe that for a second—that everybody was moving on with their lives—that one might be true—or that nobody cared that he was missing – he hoped that one wasn’t true. Natasha, at least, would probably prefer him to anyone else she could be married to, and do her very best to track him down.
It was as Tony did his best to obey his mother and stop sobbing that Queen Frigga knelt beside the pair of them, after laying a calming hand on Rhodey’s shoulder. She was older than Tony’s mother, and very beautiful with a soft face, kind eyes, and hair a much darker gold than Maria’s. The foreign queen had reached out to Tony, chanting something in a soothing voice that Tony could not understand, and then—with a flush of glimmering light—the skin of his knee beneath her fingertips knitted itself back together, spitting out the gravel ground into the wound and leaving no trace of it but the smears of blood. Tony stared at her in utter shock, and even Maria was transfixed as Queen Frigga deftly healed Tony’s other knee and then, after gently taking his wrists, his hands as well.
… Oh. What, really? Tony’s mouth dropped open before he snapped it shut. His eyes went so wide they stung a little, flying over Steve’s face in search of any sign of a lie.
When he leveled the arrowhead at the swan’s chest, the animal seemed to realize the danger it was in quite quickly and began to back away, though it was still flapping its wings and hissing.
Thor was the first to leap to his feet and sprint out of the room, followed swiftly by Steve and Bucky while Natasha remained behind with Tony, daggers drawn. By the time the knight and his friend reached the main hall, they were greeted with the impressive sight of Thor gripping a struggling, dark-robed figure in a chokehold, while Clint was aiming an arrow at the pair from a cautious distance, and Sam was holding a tall, glowing golden scepter as far away from his person as he possibly could.
As the autumn and the winter passed and blossomed into a beautiful spring, Tony could feel his mood souring further and further with resentment, and it was all he could do not to dig his heels in and refuse to go back, for Natasha’s sake.
As the car rolled into the Academy drive, she was greeted by classmates who were much more certain about their futures.
So when Tony arrived at the castle the next summer, he was greeted not only by Lord Fury, Lady Hill, assorted other staff and the princess herself, but also two small boys of about the princess’s age. One had dark hair and light eyes, skin gold from the sun, a cut healing on his cheek, and a pout on his lips that Tony would soon learn was a constant feature. He was a tiny thing, Tony noticed as he walked warily closer, probably Natasha’s age, though he was smaller than her.
Swans milled around the meadow and the banks of the enormous lake, and Steve leaped from his horse quickly to start practically accosting each and every one of the swans he saw, searching for signs of intelligence. The others were a little more inclined to believe that was unnecessary, since Tony had clearly recognized Clint the first time around, but did not bother to voice this opinion. Quite a ruckus was kicked up amongst the birds as Steve drew closer and closer to the lake, staring into the beady eyes of as many as he could find.
“I feel like that’s probably a matter of public record,” Carol said cheerily. Her hair was pinned back perfectly, shining gold in the sun, her cap under one arm.
On alternating days, Tony would go riding to spare himself the dangers of sparring. He was an excellent horseman, fearless and utterly wild, and the others had to start taking turns with who would accompany him – since riding with Tony on their days off from training was often just as strenuous as the sparring itself. Natasha loved to ride, but she preferred jumping and the more technical aspects of working with a horse to flat-out runs or forest hunts, so she tended to go out in a trio with Tony and Sam. Sam was a good rider but mostly enjoyed it because it allowed him to pursue his much deeper love of falconry. The three of them would set out to hunt on their afternoons, and Tony would come back flushed and bragging about all the animals Redwing had killed, as proud as if he himself were the huge falcon’s trainer.
Tony had shed his cloak at some point, standing a short distance from the door with his hands behind his back, peering at Steve.
They kept living in the same house, the huge house on Long Island Sound that Howard called “imposing” and Maria called “oppressive.”  But it was clear something had happened, and Nia didn’t know what. People didn’t tell children those kinds of things.
Nia made a face, and pushed herself off the bench. “Plush accommodations; I’ll be sure to give it four stars,” she answered.
“It wasn’t my idea!” the man—Justin—cried, trying to back away from her but finding his way blocked by the titanic form of Thor at his back. He held up his hands and turned back to Natasha as if he was planning to plead with her. “It wasn’t me! I was just the puppet! Don’t you see? I’m the fall guy!”
It was at the midday meal that Steve finally saw Tony. Bucky was eating with Sir Alexander on the fields, as usual, and Sam had elected to stay with the falconer since he had brought himself a packed meal. Steve considered not attending the grand dinner, but ultimately decided that he would not allow Prince Tony to turn him into a coward. As he took his customary seat at the second trestle table, he saw Natasha glaring at him from the first table, and felt a pulse of anger at Tony for tattling. Tony, conversely, did not look at Steve once for the entire meal. After the dinner, Steve grabbed his satchel from the floor at his feet and made a break for the woods, where he planned to hide in the trees with his sketchbook until further notice.
“It’s worse than that,” Pepper muttered. She lifted her head to look at Natasha. “In order to have planted someone disguised as Tony in that abandoned castle at the exact time you were going to be there…”
No. No, Steve would get him back. Neither Tony nor he were the type of men to take something like this without a fight. He knew Tony would be doing everything in his power to make it back home, wherever he was right now, and Steve swore upon the stars that he was going to fight to make his way to Tony and bring him home safe.
“Straight run across the meadow from here,” she whispered loud enough for everyone to hear, adjusting the strap of her belt. “No cover. If we’re expecting traps, one at a time is a good way to get picked off. The main door is heavy but rotted, and this style of castle tended to have wooden staircases to ascend and stone to descend.”
"She hasn't graduated yet," Obie pointed out. "Commencement ends at one PM. Legally, she's still off-limits to you."
,” Steve finally managed to get out, which sent Bucky and Sam into paroxysms of laughter, while Tony and Clint beamed and Natasha just smirked.
Tony had mostly grown out of his terrible childhood temperament and manners, though he was always ready to cause mischief, and it seemed—ludicrously—to be
He still wore his shabby shirt and trousers from the night of his capture, but the person meeting him in the storeroom—whoever could get away from the festivities the most subtly—was to bring a suitable outfit for him to wear. He looked forward to the idea of clean, fresh clothes almost as much as he did to the idea of a warm, freshly cooked meal. His hair was long and tangled around the strip of leather he’d been using to tie it back, and he hoped briefly that his friend had brought a comb. It might be too much to hope for some tools to groom his beard.
Leaning into the touch, Tony swallowed and his eyes dropped to the ground. “Well, I’m difficult to get rid of, apparently.”
He cut off at the sound of pounding footsteps in the hall outside. After exchanging a quick, confused look, both Sam and Steve rolled to their feet – someone literally running through the castle hallways this late in the afternoon did not bode well by any means.
Tony could feel his lungs burning for air, and he moved his body haphazardly. He felt jerky, clumsy, as though his legs had been cuffed together at the knees and his arms tied behind his back. His neck
Ty struck a pose, saluting and flexing his muscles at the same time, and he shot her a conspiratorial look, though Nia wasn't sure what the conspiracy was.
They both immediately started laughing and cheering, sprinting back to the castle to tell Natasha, then cornering Sam at supper to tell him the wonderful news.
A large shadow swooped in; Obie's arm at her back once more, and his huge hand covering the microphone. "Are you trying to get arrested?" He asked, sounding more amused than anything.
“Shut up, Steve!” came the faint reply over the cacophony of hooves and carriage wheels on the stone road, and Steve smiled to himself.
As far as he was concerned, that only meant that he had to work twice as hard as they did each and every day of their training. This meant that both Bucky and Steve tended to return from training in the fields in quite a sorry state at the end of each day, good for little more than consuming food and lazing around in the drawing room or elsewhere. They were in their normal splays across the drawing room chaises one day, Steve reading about heraldry (in some bemusement at the needless, self-congratulatory complexity), and Bucky simply enjoying listening to Natasha rant at them as she paced in front of the lit fireplace.
Steve breathed in deeply, and cautioned himself not to give up hope. Not to give up on Tony. As soon as he did that… the man he loved would truly be lost to him.
. It’s a tactic he knows well… but it feels different somehow, with Steve. He’s not trying to razzle dazzle Tony with money or gadgets or a lifetime’s worth of bedroom skills. He’s just… being himself. What a concept.
And Steve hardly had a chance to sketch a bow and return, “Goodnight, Tony,” before the prince was darting from the room like a startled stoat.
She turned, and pushed the blackout curtains out of the way, to find herself hit with a blast of icy air. Shivering, she dropped the curtain back in front of her, like a shield against the frigid temperatures of the room.
He had almost summoned a snippy reply through the fog of shock, but she simply shook her head and brushed right past him. He watched her stalk back to the castle without once looking back at him, scowling at her retreating form and muttering against both her and Tony. And Bucky. And Sam.
“Tun—t–tuh—” Bucky groaned, his eyes slitting open and squinting against the sunlight spilling into his room. His voice rebelled against every syllable he tried to form. “To–Tony, s–s–sa—safe?”
“We simply wish to know if it is possible that your brother performed this attack, considering the fact that he's supposed to be imprisoned, currently, several furlongs beneath our feet,” Natasha said quietly, though firmly.
“Well,” Ty said. “I thought it was high time you got the kind of attention you always wanted. The kind you
“UNITY won't negotiate with terrorists, even if it means my life," she answered, as coldly, as stoically as she could.
Steve glared reprovingly at him from the opposite couch, and waved the book briefly at Natasha. “This says that your arms represent not only you but your entire nation, since you are to be the monarch, so they can go on a shield as usual.”
Tony pressed his fists to his forehead for a brief moment, then dropped them to his lap. “It doesn't mean everything, Steve. … Love means something, too. To me.” It was Steve’s turn to stare in shock, while Tony visibly struggled to keep talking. “Does it not mean anything to you?”
“Everyone on this board knows you’ve been working on--”  said a man in a military uniform-- one she recognized from photographs and press conferences, but had never met, a man who was all hard edges, craggy face, thick eyebrows and grey at his temples.
They had spent almost the entire summer talking to each other, and now, when Tony was about to leave for almost a whole year, Steve could think of nothing to say. He looked up at Tony with what he hoped was an appropriately helpless and pleading expression. Tony always had words to say. But instead, Tony just reached out and dragged him into a hug. He was warm, and a little bit bony, but not nearly as bony as Steve. (Compared to Steve, of course, Tony was downright plump.)
Steve loved riding with Tony as much as he enjoyed doing anything in Tony’s company. Sir Alexander gave Steve permission to borrow his favorite of the knight’s horses: a large, cheerful dun with a jagged white star on her forehead called Liberty. It was something of a group consensus that Tony was not to be put on any horse more powerful than the royal stables’ fastest mare, an energetic young bay named Audi – because considering the death-defying speeds and tricks he did with her, practically flying over the countryside and any obstacles in their path… nobody even wanted to consider what he would do with a gelding or, heaven forbid, a stallion.
, really sleep-deprived,” she realized, and then she realized who she was saying it to, and laughed, nervously. “Wanna trade places?”
His turmoil seemed to have reached a fever pitch on the night of the farewell feast. He was dressed more formally than he cared for, since although he was Natasha’s temporary guardian, he was also her friend and guest. Natasha had him trussed up in a midnight blue tunic with stamped brown leather trimming the cuffs and collar, fastened over his throat with a white laddered ribbon so that the rather wide neck did not splay out too far over his sternum. His hose were an even darker blue, his knee boots brown and highly uncomfortable. The only comfortable piece of the outfit was his sword belt.
Nia hurried after Nancy, her heels clicking on the marble floor of the lobby. They walked the entire length of the expansive room, and then outside, onto a patio lit with bright globes that seemed to float in midair. Nia tilted her head to watch them, curiously, trying to figure out how they were suspended, when she realized that the patio was empty, apart from her and her escort.
“With all due respect, Mr. Stark,” General Ross argued back, “the technology would have been perfected if
The song was drawing to a close, or perhaps Tony was simply drawing his own music to a stop, since the dance was not one Steve had ever heard before. The notes of the song became sweet and warm, encouraging the dancers to move closer, and Bucky glanced over at Tony—who only winked—before he leaned in to press a chaste, loving kiss to Natasha’s lips. The dance stopped with a trill, and Tony got up to bow ostentatiously. Natasha and Bucky gave him an obliging hand of applause, before they all seemed to notice Steve utterly still in tableau on the chaise. Apparently, Natasha and Bucky then seemed to swiftly decide they should abandon him to his fate.
Steve refused to rub at his eyes. The others had slipped away at some point, so it was not as though anyone was paying them too much attention, but still.
Tony laughed, then cleared his throat. Probably bad to laugh at the—absolutely enormous—guy trespassing in your house.
She tugged Nancy down farther, used the inertia of the motion to propel herself forward, and swam past the girl’s corpse, feeling a sharp pang of guilt as she broke the surface and wiped the thick liquid from her eyes and face.
Nia grinned, and spread her arms out, thinking about the airplane wings, about where she would put the power source, if she could build herself a set of her own.
“And once you're certain it's magic,” Clint finished off. “It's simply a matter of narrowing down magic users strong enough to create such a blast, and cross off all the ones with a good alibi.”
“Everything,” Nia had replied. “I like math and physics and history and chemistry and biology and art and…”  She had tried to think of a subject she
Thor shook his head, then offered the necklace cupped in his hand to Tony. “It will quell the enchantment, but at a greater cost. Since the spell has already been cast, the amulet will not be able to protect against it, and it cannot undo the spell. But it will overpower the outward effects so long as it is worn.”
And though all reason told Steve that Pepper was simply fabricating stories for herself to better cope with the fear that the Tony she had loved had not returned, truly, from his captivity… as the days went on, Steve began to find himself falling more willingly into her opinion.
“Steve, when will you learn that all my ideas are good ones? Ask anyone!” He paused, relaxing his grip on Steve’s arm ever so slightly. “Except Rhodey. Don’t ask Rhodey. Actually, I’m not sure I ever want you talking to Rhodey, he knows too—”
Then his nerves were shooting back in full force – because although Steve hugged him, he remained tense and unhappy the entire time.
“Where would he go?” Steve demanded, almost willing to fly out the door himself if he only had a heading.
Ty beamed, his beautiful television-star grin. “Public relations,” he said. “Ladies and gents, I’m here on behalf of UNITY to answer any of your questions about the conference.”
But he seemed pleased by Tony’s reaction, and Tony would have to purchase Sir Alexander something very nice to thank him for getting Steve healthy and strong in a way they never thought he would manage, not after his childhood of poverty and famine.
Tony didn’t have a moment to retort before the door opened and the guy stepped out into the light. He was tall. Taller than Tony had originally suspected, towering at least a head over him and built like a linebacker. But more importantly, he was
After a moment, Tony leaned over to tear another damp page from the notebook, and Steve handed him a peg. They continued working in industrious silence.
Ty dropped to one knee and reached a hand in his pocket. The cameras went off like fireworks on V-Day, and the reporters were all giddy with excitement, all but the one brunette woman, who had lowered her microphone and was looking on with a cold, furious expression.
The papers hadn’t been difficult to memorize, and she’d laughed as she’d noticed that the quadruple-chamber design, the ducts to siphon off the plasma away from the core...it all resembled Maria’s prosthetic heart, the one she had been helping Maria with at home.
“… Ready?” Tony parrots, squinting at Steve as if he could summon an explanation if he only stared hard enough.
The three of them turned to look at the bird, which was now close enough that they could see the dregs of the sunlight glimmer in its eyes, and Natasha was right – the swan was alternately looking between the four people on the shore and the rapidly descending orb of the sun. The looks were getting faster and faster as the sun started to disappear fully below the horizon. It felt as though none of them had moved for hours, and Steve was not certain how long it was before the light disappeared completely behind the trees.
He had dreamed of seeing this boy—this man—again for years, and he had built it up in his head over and over into something it just… it could just never be. Steve was no fool: he knew through careful interrogation of every other boy he knew in the castle that while his feelings for Peggy and for Natasha were natural (if unreasonable), his feelings for Tony were decidedly… unusual. Even if, by some cosmic miracle, Tony shared his terrible affliction, there was no possibility that they could ever act upon it – there was no possibility for a future together.
If that was all their secret room was, she thought, she was a bit disappointed. Though she couldn’t imagine what they did down here for all that time-- or how they bore the cold. She supposed maybe that was all this was-- storage, storage for other experiments, and maybe the lab was another room. The temperatures, she thought, would loan them to medical samples, maybe something her mother required for experiments. Or some unstable material her father needed to keep at a low temperature or risk blowing up the house.
Standing where Tony had been just a moment before was a man about five years his elder, his long face punctuated by a narrow, hooked nose, thin lips parted slightly in shock, and heavy-lidded brown eyes widened in horror. Steve had no idea who he was – and he quickly realized that they had absolutely no idea where Tony was, either.
The robotic man chuckled. Knowing he was a machine made it eerie, to hear it laugh, and Nia wondered if he were a sort of artificial intelligence, or if someone was controlling him, controlling what he said and did.
After a moment of the sounds of quiet conversation and crunching foliage, Natasha and Prince Tony emerged through the trees.
“Want a drink?” Tony asked Steve, going onto tiptoe and leaning in so close that his lips brushed the fur around Steve’s deer-like ear. To Tony’s delight, the ear flickered in response and Steve himself shivered slightly.
The knight nodded, then drew himself up to his full height. Bucky and Steve did the same, sensing the change in the atmosphere. “When you are of age, Steven,” Sir Alexander said solemnly. “I would take you as a squire.”
“Thor,” Steve barked, at which Thor paused to glare up at him, and Loki twisted almost comically in the larger man’s grip to do the same.
Natasha stood up gracefully from the harpsichord and walked over to pat his cheek. “I'm simply giving myself a reason not to wring both of your foolish necks,” she smiled.
“You know what I mean,” Ty said. “They did this on purpose; they hate my family; they deliberately gave me an assignment that would pit me against-- “
“What changed your mind?” she asked a little suspiciously, unwilling to let him go without questioning even through her obvious excitement that someone might finally agree with her.
Bucky hollered with delight and jumped out of his slump to grab Natasha. He began twirling her joyously around the rug and, despite himself, Steve smiled as he watched them.
“Tony,” Steve said softly. “I didn’t want to… rush you or, make you uncomfortable, but…” He rounded the second couch and lowered himself to sit on the floor beside the one Tony had claimed. “I missed you.” The words felt choked, sticking in his throat not with reluctance, but with sheer importance.
“I know no such thing,” Steve retorted, swinging his legs off the chaise and standing abruptly, all but shoving Tony away from him to do so. “You can’t deny it, Tony, I was there the whole time.”
“I'm not sure being thrown off your horse into a ravine can still be considered just a close call, Buck,” Steve’s voice came reprovingly from behind him.
to stop those bombs, and I didn’t pay any heed to his sacrifice. You want to go out there and fight these crummy little insurgents that are a mere shadow of what Hydra was? You do it with my blessing. But we are
“You really are a genius,” Bucky crowed at Tony, who grinned and squeezed his hand around Steve’s arm.
And then, one day, when she had made the move back to her father’s side of the house, a message from Howard appeared on her holoscreen.
“I knew it wasn’t true,” she informed him, turning her head so that her ear was pressed firmly over his heart. “Why did you lie? Why did you not want to see me?”
,” she grumbled, even as she saw his shadow staggering out of the trees. She looked to Jim. “Can I get a ride home?”
was one of the mercenaries sent to collect that bounty, it was something of a miracle that he had been so easily accepted into their social circle at the castle.
Natasha set her hand on his arm, and he noticed that his own hands were sitting frozen on the silky harpsichord keys. “He's still sad,” Natasha told him. “It wasn’t very long ago.”
“Not without his scepter,” Thor grunted, twisting his brother into an even more uncomfortable-looking position in his arms. “Once we have placed him in the runed shackles he will certainly be unable.”
Tony’s eyes narrowed. “Okay, I might, maybe, even conceivably believe that you are my Steve given some time to process and a great big pile of evidence, but if you want me to accept that you were under some kind of spell that has been broken because I said the words ‘I love you,’ I’ve got some bad news for you, champ.”
But before he got to the water, an enormous arm wrapped firmly around his waist and spun him back away from the lake. “Steve,” Thor’s voice rumbled.
“You have my word,” said the robotic man. “After all, it would be foolishness to harm one of the world’s foremost surgeons, one of our greatest minds.”
“A…”  Nia didn’t really know. “Like a...ten or a twelve, maybe? Kind of depending how tight the waist is? A medium or a large?”
Tony rather hoped Lady Hill had been relieved of her duties for good at this point, or that somebody had long since noticed that Natasha was never going to be the demure princess many people would hope for. He loved her just the way she was, deadliness and breeches and all, and he knew she would make an excellent queen. She was brilliant, sharp, stunningly beautiful and one of his best friends. In two years she would be twenty-one, and then they would be married.
Howard nodded. “I’ve got a design for a...for a reactor,” he said. “A self-sustaining reactor. Tandem fission and fusion. The cycles sustain the core, and--”
Soon, though, the cold water and even colder wind worked to relax him, and the pain screaming inside him burned counterpoint, somehow pushed into the background. He remembered that he wished to see the faces of the people he loved, but he slipped away without being able to remember their faces through the fog.
That was how Jarvis found them, a half-hour later, with Nia, no longer crying, but red-eyed and crusty-nosed, lying on the sofa with her head in her mother’s lap, Maria’s fingers combing gently through her hair.
Here, parts of the city looked as she expected any city to look, but in other places, the homes were little more than shacks with clay walls and tin rooftops, barely large enough for a single room. Children ran barefoot in the street, which was torn up and badly in need of repair. She saw people driving
the fucking government. Why would you let them do this to me?!  Do you-- how could you let me go up there and-- you had to have known, you
gleefully as they wrought more havoc that summer. As delicate and prim as Pepper appeared, it turned out (to Natasha’s delight) that she was more than willing to throw her skirts aside when necessary and go wading in the pond, or accompany Natasha on pony rides around the neighboring fields. Tony happily left them to it, since with Rhodey there he was not relegated into the company of Steve-and-Bucky.
Steve expressed his own confusion, to which she simply said, “I have Bucky,” and adamantly declined to elaborate further.
Half the trip was spent breathlessly explaining to Bucky what was going on, and trying to break through his disbelief that the Tony currently in the castle was not the real Tony. That Bucky had no reason as of yet to believe Tony blamed him in any way, shape, or form for how their last trip had ended. As soon as he understood the magnitude of what had happened, somewhere between Kingstown and the Great River, Bucky went from morose to
With the others’ help, Steve hefted Bucky carefully onto his shoulders. Once he was standing, Sam stayed behind to keep searching while Daisy accompanied Steve up the mountain. She was strong and fit, expertly sinking into all the gaps in Steve’s vision and footwork as they scaled the perilous cliff face. She helped Steve get Bucky onto his mare with him, and gave his knee a comforting squeeze before telling him to have Liberty either walk or gallop as much as possible, to avoid jolting Bucky around too much on her back.
“Come on, man,” said a young, female reporter with pale white skin and  dark hair, tugging at the photographer’s arm. “Don’t ruin it for the rest of us.”
“You were right, Stark,” the traitorous Loki tossed out as he stood and brushed off his cloak carelessly. “I could not have prevented anybody from seeing you, were you right before them. I am powerful, but I am no god. But I can ensure that even if they find this place, they will never find
“I’m Tony,” Tony blurts as he takes the wad of paper towels from the man’s hand, reaching cautiously around the door frame. It feels, perversely, like a little a burst of energy travels between them at the brush of their fingers, and pulls the clumsy introduction from him almost against his will.
That night at the afternoon meal, Natasha descended upon Steve. Tony was the only one of the group absent, having been resting from his trip most of the afternoon – they had left him a note telling him where supper was to be found if he woke up before sunrise. Natasha and Bucky sat side by side, as per usual, while Steve and Sam sat across the small table from them in the private dining room within Natasha’s chambers.
He had been gone from the castle for a little over three weeks, but apart from that they knew very little about where he had been and what he had planned. This was becoming the norm for him, without a more defined role within the castle than simply ‘the princess’s friend.’ All of their lives had settled into an uneasy new equilibrium in the months since the attack. Natasha found herself missing the security of her longtime betrothed in more ways than the obvious, as it seemed that every week after the mourning period passed she was receiving increasingly generous and attractive offers of marriage from princes and wealthy nobles from throughout the nine realms.
Technically, he did not need to be either down in the kitchens nor working at all this morning, since today was the day Prince Tony was arriving. Bucky and Natasha had all but flown out the door when the guards spotted the prince’s carriage in the distance, and the need to scrub pots was the only thing Steve could think of as an excuse not to join them.
“The situation’s escalated since I spoke to you,” Yinsen said, beginning to walk. “I’ll fill you in on the way.”
He grimaced, wishing distantly she wasn’t so clever. “It doesn't matter now. I missed you, and I will never do that again. I shall be here every summer, I promise you.”
“I was not talking about Tony,” she interrupted, giving him a cold look. “Make this right. Don't talk to me until you're willing to behave like a reasonable person.”
Not when Loki told him that Steve had just married his dear childhood friend, Miss Sharon Carter, in the presence of all their friends and beloved.
“Search him for weapons,” Fury interrupted, as the castle staff did their best to safely evacuate the bewildered guests from the hall.
“Your parents are here,” the Peace Officer said. She wasn’t much older than Nia herself, probably still in the middle of her Service Assignment, tall and lanky, with dark skin and a pretty halo of black curls that were definitely not regulation, but also, Nia thought, well worth the infraction.
, and Ty was the least of her worries. She tried to sleep again, pulled the covers up to her shoulders, and turned first onto her other side, and then onto her back, but her mind was too full, going a million miles an hour. She tried to count to one hundred, but she got there too quickly, so she tried counting backwards, but she kept getting distracted by other thoughts, by pictures and numbers and noises filling her head.
“Well,” the traitor smirked. “If it isn’t Anthony’s knight in shining armor.” He glanced briefly at Bucky. “And the half-knight.”
“Loki is imprisoned,” Thor boomed, anger radiating from him as he clapped both hands down on the man’s trembling shoulders. “He can no longer fulfill his promises to you.”
The Asgardian shrugged carelessly. “Perhaps I am. I only mean to tell you now that you will never be found. Do not let false hope keep you from doing what is smart, Stark.”
He heard hardly a word as the priest began the long, verbose ceremony. He watched the way Tony fidgeted from his feet to his dancing knees – but Tony always fidgeted with his hands. He watched Tony say the lines he had to somberly and carefully, without making a single joke or playful comment. He watched Natasha’s eyes narrow when he put his lips enthusiastically on her knuckles when told to indicate with a kiss the woman he wished to wed, when Tony had long since moved into kissing Natasha upon the cheek or, sometimes, the lips. When Natasha was asked to perform the same task, she leaned in and pressed her lips to Tony’s, and she and Steve both frowned when he froze and did not even attempt to kiss back.
what their assignments would be, that they’d be posted to the Air Force. It was a proud assignment, an elite assignment, and people had been treating them like elites for months.
Tony blanched slightly, realizing that his need to talk at a gallop when he was afraid had steered him right into the path of a terrible trick.
Then something strange happened. At first, Steve thought the sun was rising again. There was an odd glow emanating from the same direction, but after a moment of confusion he realized that the glow was coming from the
Every cell of Nia’s body wanted to scream. “Ty,” she said, as slowly and as calmly as she could. “I punched you because you were being a
“Fuck,” she whispered, shivering. She shut her eyes. “Okay, Steve. I know this is creepy and weird and I’m sorry it’s not consensual and under
Right now, Steve was realizing how much Tony meant to him. How enormously important he was to Steve’s very existence. Compared to that riotous feeling of joy and fondness and gratitude he felt that he had
Now, months later, he was finally beginning to really adapt to and accept the new life he had to live. One in which he had not only lost an arm, but along with it the entire future he had been training for throughout most of his life – ever since he was a young page running letters for Sir Alexander through the castle, or helping to darn the knight’s stockings. However, now that his sense of purpose was rockier than it had ever been before—even (or perhaps especially) considering the odd jobs and tasks around town he found to fill his days—there was little Bucky would tolerate less than being left out.
There was a long silence. Tony stood awkwardly with just his face poking into the bedroom, squinting and considering his options. The guy seemed genuinely distressed, so maybe he really didn’t know the condo had changed owners. This might actually be an honest mistake. Except…
Maria sighed, and looked heavenward, shaking her head. “That sounds just like your father. Everything on a need-to-know basis, and no one but him needs to know. It’s the Stone boy,” Maria answered. “Nia, I’ve been telling you for years that I don’t like him--”
Steve sighed in response, but he did tilt his head into the petting, almost nuzzling his hand, so Tony didn’t take him too seriously.
That got a laugh from the assembled partygoers, and it also made it less weird that Steve suddenly turned and almost ran from the room with Tony clutched to his chest. It wasn’t until they were outside the house and around the corner that Steve seemed to realize he still had a passenger trapped in his vice grip, and he set Tony rather abruptly down on the ground.
Her knee hit something solid first-- banged it, so it made a clanging sound, and the cold metallic surface of whatever she’d bumped left her with a smarting pain in her knee. She reached out with her hands, felt a smooth surface-- something plastic and dome-shaped, it seemed, with small divots puncturing the plastic at intervals. She kept one hand on the top of the dome as she edged around it, gingerly. The dome, too, was ice-cold. She wondered what, what her parents must be keeping in there; it seemed like it must be some kind of refrigeration unit, something that had to be stored at below-freezing temperatures.
The office was slick, all translucent, milk-white glass and smooth metal surfaces, silver and gleaming. It was neat as a pin, and Nia had sat upright in the leather-and-chrome chair that faced her mother’s desk.
A few days after Loki’s departure with a full guard of Natasha’s knights, Steve found himself standing uncertainly outside the door to Tony’s rooms, his arms folded protectively over his stomach. There was a distinct bittersweet feeling to seeing Tony these days, as the hope of him returning to how he had once been died a little more every day, and the reality of what he had become when taken from them became harder and harder to ignore.
Steve was very careful not to be alone with Tony whenever possible, knowing that there was safety for him in the group. He had no proof that Tony shared his dangerous affliction, but Tony appeared to share Steve’s aversion to being left alone together, despite the clear joy he took in Steve’s company when they were with their friends.
But she slept fitfully, now even more a bundle of nerves over the rest of her life. She dreamed about graduation, about getting on that stage and being told she was expected to speak, but having no words. She dreams about being thronged by reporters. She had uncomfortably pleasant dreams about Ty, where everything was okay, where they fucked in her own bed and then clung to each other, and she was happy, happy they'd worked things out, happy they were together and that it wasn't a dream.
Steve swallowed. A new ache took up residence in his stomach, and he felt he might be sick. “If that isn’t Tony—”
But he realized, with a sort of disappointed lurch, that he had been too overwhelmed at the time to properly remember what Tony’s beard felt like on his skin, even after years of wondering and longing.
Maria arched an eyebrow, and shook her head. “Oh, no,” she said, and she walked to the window, pushing back the curtains. “It is definitely not over.”
Maria barely changed. She’d always been too focused on her work; if she weren’t taking double shifts at the hospital, she was writing an article, doing research, building prototypes, jetting off on some philanthropic mission, vanishing for weeks, doing who-knows what, who knows-where.
Tony tried not to gape. He sincerely hoped he had heard that quite distinctive accent wrong. “Am I in Asgard?”
As a result of this cryptic warning, Sam was about as tense as Steve and Pepper were as they all convened in Natasha’s dining chamber that evening, as per their custom, and he did not even have the luxury of a basic idea what was to happen. Bucky had begged off of this meal as well, as he had been doing more and more frequently, Steve now realized. Steve met Pepper’s eye as they seated themselves down the table from each other, and she gave him a placid look.
Unfortunately for Tony’s dignity—if, probably, fortunate for his grades—, Steve chose to utterly reject Tony’s very logical point that he didn’t
She clapped a hand over her mouth a second later. “Fuck,” she said. Her voice came out a squeak. “Fuck, fuck, fuck--”  The man didn’t seem to stir, and the more she eyed him, the more she was/became fairly certain he wasn’t breathing.
Something deeper than his own mind was pulling him along, though he longed to just collapse in a heap of blood and gore upon the ground.
Tony’s brain reminds him nastily that he’s wearing a sweatshirt probably as old as Steve is, and the gag red-and-gold monster feet slippers gifted to him by Rhodey last Christmas.
“Who sent you?” Pepper stormed over and demanded, in a voice that held the distinct promise of imminent pain.
“What?”  Ty shook his head. “Oh. No. I…No, that was just to get away from everybody else without-- you know, sounding---”
Tony marched over in the direction of the castle, and Natasha gave his back an open-mouthed look before turning to glare at Steve. She then glided over to take Tony’s arm and escort him properly into her home, while Bucky and Sam rushed over to Steve and demanded to know what had happened.
“Ah, my boy,” Obadiah smirked, clapping one large hand on Tony’s shoulder. “It was my pleasure. Now, what is this?” His fingers gripped the chain of the amulet at the back of Tony’s neck, tugging on the heavy pendant so the top of it rounded his open collar.
He made a despairing noise in the back of his throat before leaning down and pressing his mouth firmly against Tony’s, keeping as still as he could but trying to pour every loving feeling he had ever had for this man into the kiss. Every kind thought he’d ever had about Tony, every exasperated one, every time he’d ever thought he wanted to spend the rest of his life at Tony’s side, every kiss he’d wanted to give him, every word of love he’d ever wanted to speak.
“I am no widow yet, Lord Fury,” she maintained, time after time, adamant that she and Tony had been as good as married since their betrothal years earlier.
Nia gulped and crumpled over, leaning her face on the armrest, feeling the coarse fabric of the sofa’s upholstery imprinting its grain on her skin. “I punched him in the, uh. Crotch,” she said, finally.
After the initial public dismay that the princess and her friends seemed to spend most of their afternoons attempting to murder each other in good humor out on the training grounds, it was simply accepted as part of the castle life.
“Night? Uh – right, that night. With the… yeah,” Tony muttered, glancing at Steve and awkwardly away again, which hurt more than Steve would have thought it could.
The next day the four of them arrived back at the castle a little before the noon meal, not wanting their absence to raise any suspicions the day before the wedding was to take place. It had taken some concerted effort and logic to pry Steve from Tony’s side, but in the end he had had to acknowledge that he would only be putting Tony and their plan in peril were he to remain behind.
The most memorable fight he lost was with the quintain. Steve was reasonably skilled with a horse but less so with a lance, meaning that Bucky was given cause to seriously regret inviting Steve to join him in his practice session. It was as Steve was arguing with Bucky on the training field about being allowed a sixth try with the quintain (newly bandaged up from the blow he had taken, as the arm of the device had swung around and struck him rather dramatically in the back of the head), that Bucky’s knight—the renowned Sir Alexander Pierce—approached the pair of them.
Tony was very clever – extremely clever, and he enjoyed talking to Steve about what he was doing as much as Steve enjoyed hearing about it. Tony taught him more advanced mathematics than Peggy ever had, probably more advanced than even Peggy knew. Tony encouraged him to read, and helped him with more difficult words in the adult books Steve stubbornly insisted on choosing, despite the fact that he was, at best, a remedial reader. He was not a page, so reading had never been considered a high priority for his boyhood education. Tony clearly disagreed.
Steve took a few steps closer to the lapping water of the lake, staring out at the swan in a sort of terrible hope. “Tony?” he said softly, knowing the bird couldn’t possibly hear him from that distance.
“Yeah,” she said, touching the little wings on the sides of her cap. “I’m a real adult, or something, now.”
They took the quickest route to the storeroom where Tony was supposed to have met Clint, only to find that the door had been locked.
“You sure showed that swan, you big hero,” he smirked once he was within hearing range, buoyed by finding Tony – finally,
“Because he cannot,” Thor replied wryly. “Loki is a sorcerer – their natural magical ability makes it difficult for them to cast certain spells on themselves. I would imagine this is one of them.”
Jim insisted on staying in the driveway until she’d walked well enough out of the way that she’d disappeared from sight.
She held up a magnificent, sparkling blue cocktail dress that set off the gold and copper tones of her skin to perfection, and matched her eyes. She wondered, for a moment, as she bit her lip and stared into the mirror, if Howard would be furious if she wore a cocktail dress to an important government meeting and feigned naivety over fashion.
It was a good monster costume, but there was no way it was better than Steve’s! Well, if you thought he was wearing a costume, anyway. Steve was
“As you say,” Pepper said into the brief, lost silence. She glanced down at her plate, then up at Tony sitting across from her with a little smile. “I find I am quite tired this evening. I think I will retire early, if it does not displease you, Princess.”
Nia winced. “I don’t know,” she admitted. “You…”  she swallowed. She didn’t want to cry again; she’d cried too much today, but she felt weak. “I spent my entire life preparing for one thing. I did the best I could; I did the best
This caused Natasha to reach right over Sam to smack Clint on the back of his head, while Pepper stared at him incredulously. At this point, Steve was still trying to understand what was happening. That swan… the swan who had been so desperately trying to get Clint’s attention, the one Steve had hidden from around the corner and smirked at, in his triumph and joy at finding – at
, she remembered the times when he was too drunk to work, when he’d shut himself in his lab and muttered things that made no sense, when the way he spoke to Nia made her frightened to be near him-- she wanted to get up and march down to the front of the room and defend Howard against this man.
What Tony had thought was a fuzzy blanket when he glimpsed it under his bed was actually acres of shaggy
“Yes, uh, this is normal for me,” Steve affirmed, sounding like he was talking to a startled cat. “I can explain, really. I can explain, although I know you hate magic so you probably aren’t going to like it. But please, uh, can I?”
“Steve!” he barked in his ear. “Steve! Steven! Thteeeev!” he lisped, desperately trying not to laugh and wondering if he was a lot drunker than he’d thought, or if he was just a little punch-drunk on being manhandled by the guy he was half in love with.
It took hardly any discussion for things to start moving from that point. Pepper agreed to stick with the impostor and try, if at all possible, to determine whether or not he was in contact with the traitor in Natasha’s castle. Sam and Clint elected to stay with her and do their best to calm any suspicion, as well as seek out the traitor if they could.
She obligingly dropped the façade of the demure princess, and looked directly ahead as they walked on. “That was an option to us, Your Highness, but we both felt this would be the less time-consuming route.” Thor chuckled, and she was quick to add: “That is, at least, if you stop leading us around your palace in circles.”
As they tramped up the stairwell to their rooms, Tony started to reply to the doctor’s solicitous questions from behind chattering teeth. “Yes, I’m starving. What’s to eat? Don’t want all the cooks’ work to go to waste. Fair warning: if it’s a bird, I’m going to faint.”
“You're a prince,” Steve said, and he said the word with a terrible emphasis. “There is simply no way that we could—”
Bucky pretended to quake in fear, while Steve was genuinely alarmed. “I don't know where you would even start. I have been studying this absurd book for hours and I—”
She scowled, but before she could even open her mouth to answer, Thor stepped in. “Loki has enchanted another man to possess your appearance. We brought this impostor back the first time we came to this place, and he has been living as you for several weeks.”
The castle staff was less pleased with the new arrangement – at least, when it turned out that the prince had inherited his father’s penchant for innovation and his mother’s innocent doe-eyes. Paired with the princess’s mastery of sneakiness, the duo caused havoc around the castle and surrounding township for months on end. On occasion, Lord Fury attempted to shame the prince—who was a big boy of nine years who should know better—but somehow his reasoning landed on deaf ears every time.
She listened to his heartbeat for a little while, but seemed satisfied and drew back to look at him. She touched a finger teasingly to the dark, fine hairs over his lip. “You're almost a man.”
Steve opened his mouth to continue arguing, but before he could make a sound Natasha decided to drop down from the rigging between them like a spider from her web, landing in a crouch and effectively startling them both into silence.
A tall man in military dress had greeted them at the airport door and explained to Howard that his guard was being doubled.
He inquired after Tony from a string of castle servants, who pointed him in the general direction of the castle town. Steve grew more confused as he continued on through the streets, following instructions of the townspeople until he ended up in front of the great barn doors of the local blacksmith. Uncertain what the prince could possibly need forged on such short notice, Steve slipped in through the small side door and slid noiselessly through the stores of tack and farming equipment stacked in his path. The smithy rang with the sound of metal clanging against metal, sharp against the racket of the roaring fire, which he could hear crackling and snapping in the center of the room.
They hugged again, and Nia stood, and made her way across the room. “Oh!” she said, stopping mid-step. “Tell Steve goodbye for me?” she asked. “Tell him I’ll see him when I come back?”
Maria waited until everyone else was seated before taking a chair. “Nia,” she started again, leaning forward, elbows on her knees. “Your assignment.”
For a long while, Bucky had not adapted well to the loss of his limb, nor even made any attempt to. That was only to be expected, but none of them had the capacity to empathize. For weeks after he awoke and discovered his arm gone, he had sat upon his bed and stared at the empty space where it had been for hours upon hours. Sir Alexander had visited and, with obvious and genuine regret, informed Bucky that his services as a squire were no longer needed.
He settled her back on the ground and allowed himself to be pulled into a rib-crushing hug. She smiled against his collarbone and greeted him formally with her face mashed against his neck, commenting on his more elaborate mustache without even looking at him. He laughed and returned the formal greeting while curling his fingers through the heavy fabric of her blue velvet dress.
the monster under his bed, whose name was Steve. If this wasn’t real, he sure was interested in what part of his subconscious this reel of nonsense had come from.
“Uh, don’t know about a Peggy,” Tony said, his scowl morphing into a frown. “But my dad bought the place from Sharon Carter? I think she inherited it from her aunt, or grandma or something.”
A short exchange later, Maria hung up, looking back to Nia. “Miss Potts will have clothing and jewelry sent ahead to the hotel. And shoes.”
“Been here before?” Tony asks, inhaling the aroma of his coffee and enjoying its excellence even before it even touches his tongue.
Flying was almost impossible between the deep cut on his wing and the bone-deep, pervasive agony of the curse he couldn’t escape, not to mention the blade still lodged deeply in his breast, but Tony had managed to make it down the short way to the coppice at the south end of the castle.
Tony obligingly dropped into a gentler, smoother song for Bucky to glide around the room to, with Natasha counterpoint and fluid in his arms. They looked stunning together, and Steve was flooded with thoughts of wishing he could dance with Tony that way, wishing he could see how he and Tony would look pressed together like that, wondering what Tony’s new mustache would feel like pressed against Steve’s upper lip…
“Sir Alexander abandoned his squires on The Peak,” Bucky told him, frowning. “So we had to make our own way home without the maps or the caravan.”
He was tall, taller than Obie, taller than Ty, and built like a Greek statue: all muscles, all lean, broad-shouldered but not bulky, almost delicate in his physique, in spite of his size, built like a dancer, with a narrow waist and hips, and--
Howard cleared his throat a few times; Nia assumed that meant he wanted to prod her into speaking, or wanted Maria to speak, but neither of them did.
Clint made a noise at him. “They will know we're coming! As soon as we step foot in Asgard we have mere days to track down each of our suspects.”
“Why are you being this way?” Natasha hissed, when Steve made a face at the mention of her plans with Tony tomorrow. “What has Tony done to you?”
But she was still jumpy, and it was still early-- only eight o’clock, there were three hours left to curfew now that Academy was over for the summer, and it struck her, suddenly, very hard, that her friends would be leaving.
By far the most adamant of the petitioners for her hand was Lord Obadiah Stane, the newly-appointed regent of Menahahte, who claimed quite logically that in the tragic instance of the king and crown prince’s deaths, the contract of her betrothal to Tony should fall upon Stane as the new ruler of his lands. Natasha had received missives and messengers to this effect on a near-constant basis since the end of the mourning period. However, she insisted that while the prescribed period of mourning may have passed, her personal one for the loss of a dear childhood friend was only just beginning.
“I, uh...” Oh god, it sounded like the guy was about to cry. Did Tony make the home invader cry?? “I panicked, uh, when you opened the front door. I tried to hide in the closet but, um, I realized you might be putting things in there. So, uh…”
“Will you look at me?” Tony blurted out, half regretting it and half relieved that he’d finally said it.
“Nee!” came the first shout, and a few heads looked up-- no, more than a few. Nearly all the figures on the beach stopped what they were doing and turned to see her.
He was cut off by the guy reaching across the short space between them and taking both of Tony’s hands. Or, well, he took the hand that Tony was using to point crossly at him and then had to dig into Tony’s armpit to grab his other hand. Ordinarily Tony would probably have objected to this manhandling, but for some completely illogical and ridiculous reason, maybe
He knocked quietly on the door, knowing it would sound louder inside than it did in the howling wind outside. After a few moments went by with no response, he knocked a little louder, curling his body in tighter to the door frame to escape the wind. This time he heard the definitive clack of someone unlatching the door from inside.
Nia sucked in one final breath, and marched onto the stage. She tried to stand up straight, but she was sure she was standing too stiffly, she probably looked like a robot, her feet were probably stomping too loudly, so loudly they could be heard all the way at the farthest points of the amphitheater.
