“—a Geiger counter or something like that,” real Tony adds, as the suit stands still next to Pepper. “Busted,” he declares, jumping down from the bar.
God, Steve can still see him when he closes his eyes. The look of horror on his eyes as the switch in his brain went on.
"Are we okay here?" Tony asks with a goofy smile on his face.
So he got about twelve hours of sleep for the first time in three months. That’s something. No wonder he feels good.
"Come on!" Clint says on his end but they all scoff at Thor.
"No, I just— I think there's more to this than some...science fiction fantasy," Rhodey replies, shrugging.
Hell, it’s hard even for him to catch enough sleep sometimes, and he’s not out there building things to make the world better.
“Uh— I just wanna finish my work here and...”
“I didn’t realize it was me who was supposed to do the talking,” Tony replies, changing his approach.
"God, and you say I'm a terrible liar?" Steve says, almost laughing ironically.
“Just breaking it in. It’s always a little pinchy in the gooey bag at first, so…” Tony jokes.
Tony smiles. “I know I am. If only because it was actually Rhodey's idea first. I mean, it’s what he’s been telling me for years,” he says and Steve gives him a soft look. “I trust Rhodey’s judgment.”
All Steve can hear is Natasha's quiet pleas to Fury.
“Right. I know.”
agree that's a thing that happens sometimes?" Tony defends and Rhodey gives him a look. "Ok, look—Steve hasn’t said a word about it to me,” he reveals, averting his eyes.
," Tony presses, right at Steve's face.
“Mr. Stark?” a man with glasses and almost no hair approaches him. “Ho Yinsen,” he introduces, offering his hand.
Tony looks around them and shrugs. "Why, you got other plans? Some charming evening sponsored by Grindr?" Tony asks, quirking one eyebrow, jokingly.
Rhodey grabs the napkin and smiles faintly at him. “Thanks. I’m sorry,” he still says and then watches as Álvarez leaves through the door, waving Tony goodbye by the door.
It made Rhodey really aware all of the sudden. He looks at his wrist out of impulse and thinks of blue eyes and stubble in a fresh Bulgarian weather.
If they were doing this, it would be in Steve’s bed. In Steve’s space. So that from this moment on, everything in his world would remind him of Tony.
But Bucky can feel he’s lying.
“Listen, I don’t wanna put you in a tricky position with Steve, you guys are on good track—“
“I was told you like drawing,” Tony says, his hands clasped together behind his back. “I wasn’t sure if it was this or paint on canvas so, I kinda got all of it. Inside the drawers you can find all the good stuff. I also got you a digital drawing pad, in case you wanna try the new stuff,” Tony offers, leaning into the doorway with his arms crossed.
Tony follows him out, finishing his last shawarma. “Look, I know Thor’s cool and all but don’t be jealous, you’re still my favorite,” he says and Rhodey cracks a laugh.
Tony just shrugs but his smile doesn’t break. “I’m just glad the world isn’t on fire anymore,” he says.
“The word you’re looking for is genius,” Rhodey says, a proud pout on his face.
The suit twists its head a bit and plays: "I see a suit of armor around the world." It's Tony's voice, a couple of days ago.
the science behind him?" Rhodey asks, looking at him approaching Natasha and Clint and the new kid on the couch.
The man stood up imposing, walked like a soldier, and everything the stories said about him seemed to be right. Down to the special arm.
“Shall we play, Doctor?” he asks, turning Banner. Turning to a safe spot.
Steve starts to smile at Tony's response when there's a sinking thought in his head; a memory of a conversation he still hasn't had the guts to have with him.
Then he hears.
“So, promise?” Steve asks again.
"Do me a favor," Fury calls from the back and Tony startles in his spot just a little. The rest of him is just annoyed. "Try not to bring it to life," Fury adds.
Steve's been watching Nick go through surgery, fighting for his life, when he hears Natasha come rushing through the door.
She turns with a sigh and looks at him, raising his arms up in the air.
"Only when I've created a murder bot," Bruce replies back.
He kneels next to Steve and reaches for his chest, for his heart, for his neck, to feel his pulse, to know he's not dead and taken Tony's heart with him.
“She didn’t swoon over you,” Rhodey says.
"Is unsafe. Is unsafe," the suit speaks but Tony just stabs it and it shuts off, falling with him.
"No fucking way, it was true!" It's the first thing Tony says, more marveled than anything.
“Alright, I get it, I’ve gotten into a lot of trouble,” Tony says, widening his eyes.
Steve watches the scene and then notices Tony staring at him.
"And Stark would know about that? Does he keep them on a system or something? All supers, like that guy from The Incredibles?" Allen asks.
He bites Tony's lower lip, pulling just a little and Tony shivers. "I wanna fuck you now," Steve confesses.
“I’m not gonna go anywhere near him,” Tony adds.
Tony takes a few seconds to say: “I don’t know what he’s talking about,” as he stands just a few steps away from Pepper on the couch.
Jarvis died.
“And it's true,” Tony continues, his voice turning cheeky. “I’m not— over-reacting or exaggerating. It is what it is. That's how I know you won’t hurt me. It’s not just because of you, it's this thing,” Tony says, grabbing Steve's wrist and rolling a hand above his veins, above his mark. “You just can’t hurt me. Just like I can’t hurt you— at least not on purpose,” he adds, before giving him a goofy smile.
Allen jerks his head at the file. “Read the last page.”
"Alright, then," Pepper says, getting up from her chair. "Maya, we'll be seeing you at the party tonight?" she asks casually and Tony blinks, lost.
The piercing blue eyes of the Captain turn to ice and Tony feels his wrist go numb, like a cramp.
Tony blinks in acknowledgment. "Banner and I will give it the once over before it goes back to Asgard. Is that cool with you?" he asks Thor and the God nods. "Just a few days till the farewell party. You're staying, right?" he adds.
Rhodey stares at Allen for another second as his hands flip through the pages, through the information about the fourth Mandarin attack and how it has gone public, until he finds the last page.
“Who’s the homeless person on the couch?” his father jokes.
Tony takes a deep breath and zips the hoodie up, in one of the dark corners of the cave some bastards are expecting him to crack.
“Well, that’s not exactly what they did—but I did donate money to actual teams that are working on that,” Tony says, opening his palms at Pepper when she starts glaring. “That team was actually paid for by Howard and what they did was search for Captain America in the ocean. I found out about it when I was fourteen. He always would be sending some money there and I thought, you know, maybe he had another secret family overseas but turns out it was just his obsessed ass looking for his ex-boyfriend or whatever—”
“Saint Joseph's?” he asks, frowning.
“Anthony,” his mother calls and Rhodey drops Tony so he can go give her a hug. “How are you? That was a nice speech you gave there,” she says, Tony waves her off politely.
But Tony smiles bitterly. “So, I come home to visit and they leave. Fantastic,” he says, looking down.
Sometimes, he knows he
“As a worst-case measure, right?” Tony says. “How about a best case? What if the world was safe? What if, next time aliens roll up to the club, and they will, they couldn't get past the bouncer?” he offers.
"Oh, that's how it is," Steve replies.
He remembers the smell of gunpowder and the sound of drunken men singing off-tune.
Tony walks closer to see it's Rhodey. "Yeah, well, you guys are definitely off the Pentagon's Christmas list," he says. "Every country with a nuke is fighting a cyberattack," he says.
he listens to his mother sing faintly as he begins waking up. “Wake up, dear, and say goodbye to your father,” she tells him as Howard takes the blanket someone — surely Jarvis — put on him over the night.
Steve laughs softly a little more and then turns to him. Then he leans in and kisses him on the cheek. "We'll get through this," he says, looking into Tony's eyes. Then he takes a breath and smiles a smile Tony's never seen before. "And then, I'm gonna—"
"People are going to die, Buck," he tells him, with a heavy voice. "Please don't make me do this," he adds.
Rhodey wakes up panting, breathless. His heart's racing, vibrating inside his ribcage. He sits up and puts a hand on his chest, trying to ground himself. Steady himself back to normal.
“Ok is this about you not having sex with men before or something else?” Tony asks, a wondering look on his eyes.
Rhodey stops in his tracks and raises one eyebrow, blinking three times.
“That bad, huh?” Rhodey asks trying to sound playful but his voice feels shaky.
“Did I like it? I don’t know, is that thing even gonna fit through the door?” Pepper says, annoyed.
"Two targets, Level Six," Pierce adds, walking over to him sitting on the table. "They already cost me Zola," he says, sitting in front of him, and in the back, he hears light footsteps approaching again. "I want confirmed death in 10 hours," Pierce demands.
She gives Rhodey an absolutely unapologetical smile and Rhodey chuckles in return.
to tell me about your super-soldier boyfriend," Rhodey says, rolling his eyes.
"What do you mean?" Rhodey says, his brow furrowed.
Coulson shifts between looking at him and looking ahead. “It’s a vintage set,” he adds, after a short minute of silence. “It took me a couple of years to collect them all. Near mint, slight foxing around the edges, but—”
“J, open Mark X file. Let’s get tinkering,” he says, cracking his knuckles.
“He’s—down in the lab. He’s been there since we arrived here, a week ago,” she shares, looking to the other side and sighing. Rhodey looks at her and smiles, she made it, against all odds.
They're always changing the world.
"In the meantime, I was thinking you could use all that energy and chop up some wood," Clint says and he puts an ax that Tony doesn't even know where he was hiding it and puts it on his lap.
"I'd love too but I told my mom I was in town and she'd kill me if I don't pay her a visit, man," Sam says.
“Just find the Cube,” he speaks again, but Tony’s viciously focused on the ache of his wrist.
Like many things in Steve's life, this was half a win, half a loss.
Because he knows what fear can do to a person.
Tony smiles back and pulls the paper closer to him. “If Richard doesn't mind,” Tony says, pointing to Rhodey, who cracks a laugh. “You alright with this, Dick?” he address him.
when I went near his stuff,” Tony says, trying not to think of any particular moment but there were many.
“That’s his M.O., isn't it? I mean, what are we, a team?” Bruce cuts in, his arms crossed. “No, no, no. We're a chemical mixture that makes chaos. We're— we're a time bomb,” he adds, his back muscles looking stiff.
Maya gets up shaking, a hand attached to her stomach and the thick, dark red blood is spilling through her dress into her hand. Tony swallows and waits as she makes her way towards him in unsteady steps.
“What’s yours?” Tony asks instead.
"Not since we left the Tower," Tony mutters and then he looks at Steve with a preoccupied look.
Meghan arrives with the glasses of water just in time and Steve thanks her with a smile.
Tony smiles, doesn’t talk because his voice will break if he does, and leans back into Jarvis’ shoulder, giving him another squeeze. “Why are you telling me this?” he wonders.
"Oh my god," Pepper whispers. "That was really violent," she adds.
“Actually, he's the boss,” Tony tells her, turning on his seat to point at Steve. “I just pay for everything and design everything and make everyone look cooler,” he adds to be smug but his audience pays him no mind.
was wrong. Captain America ain’t shit. “You're a laboratory experiment, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle,” he adds, just loud enough for it not be yelled, a few inches away from his face.
Tony exits the suit quietly and walks around the lab. "Sentry mode," he commands the armor. "Okay, Jarvis, you know. I want it all. Make sure you copy Hill at HQ," he says, going through all HYDRA's data.
Bruce blinks into consciousness and looks down at his hand before the computer announces they got their location. “Got it,” Tony announces.
At that Tony’s eyebrows raise. “Oh, you’re gonna love this. I’ve been working on him for the entire week, just got it done this morning —or you know, whatever you call 4 AM—, J,” he says out loud, like he’s calling someone. “Say hi, buddy,” Tony adds.
Rhodey nods at them and walks to the trunk of the car to get the suitcase armor.
Right now it was all about the win.
Steve nods. “Well, they're gonna show up again,” he says, then goes inside the elevator.
Tony jokes about getting ‘Rhodey’ tattooed on his back in January but when he turns 18 in May, ‘James Rhodes’ appears clean on his left shoulder-blade and that makes him not dwell much on the fact that nature screwed him over too.
," Rhodey says, annoyed.
He's dizzy and her twisting him around isn't helping. "Stop," he begs, pressing his eyes closed and stepping away from Peggy until he bumps against someone.
“Sir, I'm afraid he's insisting,” JARVIS says again, after a fast minute.
Steve looks at his hand and finds a key attached to a tiny version of his shield on a keychain. He smiles warmly at it and when he looks up again, Tony's nowhere near.
“I'm sorry, isn't everything?” he replies.
It is the biggest milestone of his life and Jim, with his great grades and clean history and athletic damn-near perfection, knows life couldn’t get any better. He’d get to make his dream come true, hopefully have a successful career and provide for his family, hell,
But when he wakes up everything goes piercingly slow. He breathes into consciousness, in a dark cave, something going from his nose all the way down his throat.
“You don’t wanna hear that, I get it—”
,” the woman cuts in, her tone changed to a happier one. “In fact, Miser Stark would very much like if you came over now,” she adds.
“I got caught doing a piece for Vanity Fair,” Tony says, coming up.
“You know he’s the one who came up with the name, right?”
“Thanks, buddy,” Tony says, making his way to leave the lab.
"Ultron..." Steve scoffs.
"You know I have a spare room, you don't have to actually leave," Steve says this time, as he holds the door open for Tony.
He deserves a lot of things, lately.
“He knows I own the building, right?” Tony mutters to Pepper and she chuckles as she shakes her head at Happy’s ridiculousness.
Steve lets out a breath, he's had this conversation over thirteen different times just last week. "It takes some getting used to. It's good to meet you, Sam," he says, making to go.
"We're the Avengers. We can bust arms dealers all the livelong day, but that up there? That's the endgame. How do you guys plan on beating that?" Tony asks them, and Steve knows his heart is on his sleeve.
The God walks a few steps away and turns to face them, gives them one last nod with a smile before he disappears behind that Mario Kart-looking rainbow glow, leaving a mark of burnt grass on the way.
Tony rubs his empty wrist and Yinsen doesn’t miss the movement; the man has probably already seen Tony doesn’t have a soulmate mark when he was unconscious after he saved his life.
He goes to his electrical stove and is about to start making himself breakfast when he remembers he's missing eggs and vegetables for an omelet.
Tony shrugged again. “Yeah, I mean, we were just— hosting you while I finished up a little work,” he explains.
He’s not on his couch in his lab at the Tower.
In dark blue Levy’s and a cyan plaid shirt, Steve stands expectant, looking around himself, in front of Tony’s glassed doors.
"I know, I know. Flagellation it is," he cuts in.
problems, Tony," he tries.
“Uhh, ran management at a McDonald’s for eight months?” Rhodey gives, stuttering a little, as he goes through the young woman’s file.
She walks by Clint on the couch, nearly falling asleep, and rubs her fingers on his head.
His hunch was telling him Barnes wasn’t a bad guy, and as crazy as he knew that sounded, he believed it.
"Colonel, a word," Ross calls for him.
The thin, perfectly structured lines meeting high in the sky soothe him; the imposing 'A' on top makes his heart warm.
Steve raises his eyebrows at the sudden voice but then smiles politely, although he’s not sure where to point his smile to. “Good evening…” Steve trails off, losing for a moment the computer's name, before he recalls it honors one of Peggy’s closest friend. “Jarvis,” he ends, in an asking tone.
They lose Coulson like fucking amateurs. Like they’re a bunch of kids running in costumes with no idea of what they’re doing.
“Only word I care about,” Steve assures him and the doctor nods at him, buying it.
Tony shakes his head. “What do you mean why? He’s his best friend. He’s gonna freak out,” he says.
"— It's a big bunny, relax about it!"
Tony doesn't even bother to open his eyes again. "That's lame. The worst idea ever. Whoever thought that? Nope," Tony replies, giving Steve another peck.
"In the flesh," the suit declares. "Or, no, not yet— not this chrysalis," Ultron adds.
“Then I have only one thing to say to you, Colonel: Godspeed,” he says.
“Good morning, Mr. Stark,” she says politely.
“Fantastic. I wanna hear all about the cellist, is that still a thing?” Pepper asks him inside the elevator; Tony’s barely catching on it, now focused on the Cosmic Cube his father found years ago while searching for Capitan Frostypants.
“See you there,” Steve tells Coulson before he walks away.
"We're not doing this, okay?"
Tony gives him another look, almost as if to ask him if he's not completely losing his mind. He is but in the good way. So he looks down and lets his eyes do the talking.
So he shrugs and gives his mom a kiss on the back of her hands. “I’m sorry,” he says.
Steve watches Clint go and then Tony moves across the room to sit on the couch, letting a long, deep breath out.
“You look happy today,” Nadejda points, after giving him a look before going back to her fruits.
It makes Natasha smile a faint smile, but it's worth it. "I owe you," she says, a beat later. Her face suddenly changing.
Tony tilts his head and lets out a breath. “Actually, no. It’d been a week. I was working with Maya to get Pepper’s cure—“
“Yes, and I'm not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy,” he replies, walking over to the screen. “I'd like to know why SHIELD is using the Tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction,” Bruce asks, loudly.
Pepper just stares at her, resting her cheek on one hand as she listens, and feels like she can already love Maya.
Natasha's mouth curves up and she turns back to him. "What does that mean?"
“It's revolutionary—”
Tony glares at her just a little and then rolls his eyes, it’s better to just forget last week even happened, and yet, he has a mark on his wrist to prevent him from doing just that.
"Baron Strucker had a lot of friends," Steve says.
“I was in Calcutta, I was pretty well removed,” Bruce replies.
"What does that mean?"
"So, you're remodeling this whole thing, huh? Does that mean you're getting the gang back together?" Rhodey asks, trying for a casual tone.
"I'll put it on the list," Steve says before writing it on his notebook.
crazy. Maybe I'm dodging a bullet," he says, trying to cheer them both up.
It takes his body a few seconds to stop feeling numb but he manages to sit up on the bed.
“No, Venezuela,” she corrects politely and Tony nods with a tiny bow. Her name tag reads 'Dayana'.
Pepper blinks slowly and nods, figures that’s as good as it can get.
Because he gets Tony, too.
“Captain America is on threat watch?” Bruce asks, frowning.
Tony and Rhodey both remember vividly what an evil guy hacking one of the suits can cause.
It’s the first time in all his life he wishes he didn’t have a mark anymore.
"I'm with Pete."
He propped himself on his elbows, his back gently telling him that the sofa hadn't been the brightest idea he'd ever had.
Peter gathered his courage. The door had slammed a long time ago, he couldn't tell exactly how long in the darkness of his bedroom, so his dads must be already in bed.
"How long has it been going?"
All Tony could think of was the pain raising on his chest. Not that he would die and Steve would discover on his dead body the arc reactor, that he would find out that his armored best friend had lied to him for years, that he would finally reach peak disappointment, because let's face it, no one wanted to be bestie with a war profiter. He was definitely not thinking about that.
Tony locked his legs behind Steve and brought him closer. He put his arms aroud his neck and played with the short hair at the back. God he'd missed this. He sighted happily as Steve kissed him, deep and slow.
"What did you tell me, back there?"
"Not going anywhere. Also pretty sure I wasn't born yet so no worry."
"Pete? Everything's okay?" he tried to ask with the most leveled voice he could muster.
"Witch one?"
"Is he..."
Tony couldn't help but laugh. He would never be thankful enough for the fact that Peter will never have to meet Howard.
"Natasha says it's good to be scared. 'keeps you alive', she said."
Thor put him down and in an instant Tony was throwing up the disgusting water. He was still coughing when Steve jogged to them, shield and uniform covered by alien blood and dust. He squatted down next to Tony, rubbed circles on his back until he  could breath normally again.
He doesn't really register when Steve pulls him into a hug. He tries to apologize between sobs and tries to explain, because he's not like that. Tony Stark doesn't cry. Stark men don't cry. But Steve just tightens his grip and wait.
"Let me call Pepper and tell her she won't have her prototypes tomorrow."
He handed back the phone to Peter when he was done.
Peter nodded, already half asleep. The weight on the bed shifted. Peter was fast asleep by the time the door closed.
"Why did you tell me?"
"When I found out that... My marriage was dead. When Steve told me he wanted to stop."
"Put your suit in the workshop I'll take care of it tomorrow."
He pushed some of Peter's hair out of his eyes with one hand while the other secured his back.
"I hate when you start sentences like this."
"But- we just had a nice heart to heart-"
The colonel's phone buzzed. James looked it up and a worried look appeared on his face.
Peter nodded and loweres his head on Tony's shoulder. His breathing was evening, his eyes fought to stay open.
"He's a reckless, alcoholic, anxious piece of shit."
"I know, but it's an emergency."
He put an emphasis on the 'still' s. There was a time she would have glared at him, shout. Now there was only pity.
"Self-loathing."
Once Ned and his bucket were settled, they closed the door and went to the living room.
"Ah."
If they got out of here alive, he thought, they should do that on the common room couch in front of a movie.
"In all seriouness"
"You better have a damn good excuse to call, Steve." the tone was arsh, maybe his soon-to-be ex-husband didn't deserve that, but the whiskey in his veins decided for him.
The alien started falling in the Hudson and grabbed Tony's boot. The boosters flared against the alien's face. He roared and clenched the boot, his other arm coming up to Tony's chest (not the chest not the chest). They hit the water and the thing let go of Tony on impact.
Peter shuffled on his feet, eyes fixed on the floor.
The boy's voice was slightly louder than a whisper.
"Super serum, remember? Worst case scenario, I'll take a 70-years-long nap."
It took a few seconds before Steve turned to face him. Even in the darkness Tony could see his puffy eyes and red cheeks.
He got just a groan in response and something that sounded like 'sleep'. He ordered Peter to dig Ned's jacket up and to make sure he wasn't forgetting anything. Tony sat the kid up who thankfully went along with it, and finally opened his eyes.
"Are you going to fight like last time?"
Steve's nose brushed against his hair, and Tony held his breath. He wasn't sure what he wanted to hear. He wasn't sure if he would even hear it, behind the pulse of his heart in his temples.
"Continue and I'll make it three," Steve chimed in behind Tony.
"Yeah, thank god drinking three beers never killed anyone, I wouldn't have made it to college."
"You said it was okay to cry ?"
"Tony..."
"The insomnies?" Steve asks again when Tony stays silent.
"Stark?"
"You know," Steve said, somewhat short of breath, "There's a big bed ten feet away from us."
He didn't answer the questions. Pepper appeared in his office with a box. All his stuff in a small, pityful box. He was craving for a bottle of scotch.
He couldn't remember the last time he slept so well. He woke up to someone gently stroking the back of his head, and it took him ridiculously long to realize that it wasn't normal. He peeled  his eyes open and foud Steve's shirt pressed against his cheek, or the other way around.
"I'm fine," he managed through gritted teeth.
He knew it must be grown up stuff that he won't understand, or that he was going to be told he wouldn't understand and not even given the chance to try. But he was worried and his father would do the same.
"No," he sighted. "Your Pa was in a tight spot this afternoon, and i got scared and did something a bit dumb."
Steve shifted to face him.
He moved and rolled around in the bed until he gave up on trying to sleep half an hour later. He got up and opened slowly the door.
He loves being with Steve, there's no point denying it. It's easy, safe and most importantly exciting. He loves him, and Steve loves him too, which he still has a hard time wrapping his head around. It's not perfect, of course. They fight sometimes, for dumb things, but it never lasts nor it impacts their work on the battlefield.
"Can you" he breathed "find me a meeting tonight?"
"Tony."
Tony shrugged. Why what? Why was he on the verge of a panic attack when he heard the love his life? Why did he try to drink himself to death? Why did he abondonned his son? His friends? Why was he still alive?
Steve sat back, taking Tony with him. His back was pressing against the soldier's chest, and Steve put his arms all around the mechanic. His chin was resting on Tony's curly hair.
"You good?"
Someone groaned. He thought maybe it was him.
His throat ached, his mouth was dry, something itched in his arm. An IV maybe. Oh. So hospital.
His dad let out a wet laugh.
Pity again.
"Pete, go to the kitchen an grab a trash bag, I'm parked in front of the house," he practically had to scream in his kid's hear.
"Okay."
"What ?"
"Hey. It's alright. He loves you."
"But I'm fine, nothing happened, it's fine-"
"You're reckless. A bit"
The ton was arsh. Tony was angry at himself, even though right now he didn't have the energy to be.
"But-"
He shrugged before letting his hand down on Peter's knee.
Tony rubbed a hand up and down his face. Right, maybe he had overreacted a bit.
"When I was 15, at MIT, the first party I ever went to, no one took me seriously, right? I was a kid, I definetly shouldn't have been there, but I wanted to prove myself to them because I was arrogant and stupid. I have almost no memory of that night." Peter turned his head then, eyebrows up in confusion. "Woke up the next day in a hospital bed. They tell me I drank too much and almost died. They call Howard, who deals with it like everything else, ergo, not dealing with it, and send me back to MIT with a big cheque to the Dean to forget the whole thing."
On his spot, the so-called God of Mischief sits and looks slightly scared at the ceiling of the jet.
"This is a guy with a metal
"Oh, looks like they're lining up," Thor says.
"I— I mean, I can leave you to eat— it's, I think it's important you eat, Tony," Steve says, almost stuttering.
I know Tony canonically graduated from MIT at 17, but that math didn't work with what I wanted or found reasonable so I hope you can move past that little canon-bend.
Peggy lets out an exasperated sigh and takes another step closer to him, looking like she’s inches away from smacking him with the nearest hard object. Jarvis steps in front of her and places his hands on her shoulders.
"Ugh, please tell me you didn't have sex in my nephew's room," Clint groans, his arms crossed as he rests against the sink.
“Mr. Stark,” the Agent guy greets.
“Aldrich Killian? What, are you checking up on me?” she asks, a pitch too high.
“No, no, it’s fine,” Steve replies and then continues standing, waiting.
His hands go up and open defensively but he smiles. “Hey,” Tony greets, far too cheerfully considering Pepper’s current state. “I tried calling you, you know,” he adds and smacks the side of his head. “Ow!”
Tony turns on his heels and frowns. “Mmm, yeah. Have you
Pepper looks at Tony. "One of those procedures that doctor from Korea told you about," she mutters.
The woman cracks a laugh and eyes him. "You don't remember. Why am I not surprised?" she mutters.
Which is what he is, probably.
"A message," Steve replies. "Ultron killed Strucker."
Tony walks over to the commander spot and keeps looking around, at the rest of SHIELD agents.
“Yep. Hey, do you mind giving me a sec with blond Rambo here?” Tony says, pointing a finger to Steve.
Tony walks over to the control panel and opens the back door. “What are you doing?” he hears the Captain ask behind him, but before Tony has time to fly outside and face their new
“No, I don’t care. You’re going to a public high school lab,” Tony says, taking his barefoot out and trying to clean it with a tissue. He gets as far as he can –which is only to stop his foot from dripping oil– when JARVIS announces he’s got an incoming call from Pepper. “Put her through,” he instructs.
I used Google translator, so I apologize if it sounds weird to any bulgarian reading this.
“The one that runs investigations for global warming in the Arctic?” Pepper asks and Tony tilts his head, closing one eye just a little.
“Please, you know I’m the clingy one,” Tony rolls his eyes.
“Nah,” he says, coming out with a towel on his neck. “I haven’t met him—her,” Álvarez corrects himself quickly, his face going a little pale there. Rhodey loses his smile a little. “I meant her. English, man,” he adds, scoffing a
Until Tony pulls apart and pushes Steve down, his eyes dark with hunger again, but still soft around the edges. Tony gets into the bed, one knee to each side of Steve, and lowers himself to meet Steve's mouth again.
, he’s fine,” Tony says, waving it off with a hand. “Only has a little of boundary issues,” he adds.
"Sure, I get it," Steve says and they stop at the elevator.
Thor looks between them like he's the one missing something. "Umm, well, I have to return to Asgard," he says.
Maria hands him a tablet. "Not anymore," she says, as she shows him the picture of Strucker dead in a cell.
He stands in front of Tony, studying him, trying to see his weakness, and then he’s talking to Yinsen, a conversation Tony doesn’t understand.
“I think that would give our situations like three more layers of pathetic-ness,” Rhodey says.
Two days had to pass before they gathered enough strength to go to the hospital. Happy having already woken up.
He’s not Jimmy or Jim anymore, now he’s ‘Rhodes’. Couple of months into the semester —at MIT, no less, because God squeezes but he doesn’t choke and since the universe fucked him over, they’re re-setting their karma by giving him have nearly everything worth in life. Except a damn soulmate. — and he’s already learned his way through the crowds, made a few friends here in this class and there in this Wing.
"Director," Rhodey greets Fury in all of his black-leather glory. Then he turns to Maria and smiles at her.
Steve closes his eyes for a split second in regret. "Did you tell everyone about that?" he asks Tony.
“I’m gonna head to Washington now. Wanted to check in with you before I went to Bagdad, again,” he says before Tony leans in for a hug that lasts just a little longer than regular hugs.
"Well, I guess you'd know," Steve replies, then he turns back to the wood, going: "whether you'd tell us is a bit of a question..."
situation,” Rhodey retorts.
He was going to make the fact that he was alive in this century count for something.
"I'm sorry, that's a terrible idea," Tony says as Maya bends to grab Pepper's bags. "Please don't touch her bags!"
“Right. Mocking me for my new gig. Go on—”
“You don’t wanna hurt people, James,” the man says at last and his chest feels like he’s been stepped on and crushed out of air.
They build the other five Cryostasis Chambers in record time, one next to the other, with his own standing in the middle. All the soldiers can be far more effective and skillful than he is but he still comes first; he’s controllable, obedient. The first Hydra fist. An example for them to follow.
“You good?” he still asks.
"I thought maybe you two had a fetish," Tony says, in dry humor.
Tony hmms the end of his sentence in his mouth and Steve would’ve rolled his eyes if he hadn’t had them closed.
Rhodey just almost glares at him. "Yeah,
He saves him but he knows he can't save himself.
Rhodey sighs. "Well…they're asking me to go after him, Tones," Rhodey shares, but his tone is down.
“A distraction,” Pepper gives.
Tony closes his mouth and chuckles at Steve's quip.
“Impressive,” Yinsen breathes, a small smile on his face.
“Not a word,” Natasha says.
Steve notices Thor just standing a few feet above him. "Thor, status," he asks.
"Is he still going after launch codes?" Tony asks from his spot.
Rhodey’s been in Mogadishu for three months when he gets a letter from Tony with the rest of his mail. He's smiling a little, thinking what could've possibly possessed Tony enough that he'd decide to write, but as soon as he opens the piece of paper his heart sinks.
Cap sighs. "Well, they're excited."
Tony shakes his head. "Nah, look. We're talking about limb regrowth. We've both seen it. This could be huge," Tony reassures her. "You just have to figure out a way to do it without turning the subject into, I don't know, superhuman –torches. Hey, that's a good superhero name," Tony muses.
The woman nods. “Yeah, I’ve worked with a close friend, named Aldrich Killian—”
“Rhodes, that’s not important, c’mon. It’s not like I even know her or have time to search for her,” Carol explains and Jim figures that makes sense. But he knows that’s not fair, for himself or for her. He’s wasting time on someone who’s not meant for him and she’s wasting time on someone like him.
Fury frowns. "How?"
Steve looks at their joined hands and he smiles tenderly at Tony.
“Are you sure about this?” Tony asks in the quietness of the Tower living room. The New York skyline lights in the reflection of his eyes, deep dark as the sky itself right now.
He stumbles his way outside and eyes the empty, metal grey room.
Thor gets up slowly. "Yes. It's a very, very interesting theory," he says, moving around the space to stand by the hammer. "I have a simpler one," he says and grabs the hammer like it's a piece of paper, twisting it up in the air. "You're all not worthy."
CHAPTER WARNING:
Steve eyes her, going soft. “Really?” he asks, his wrist feels like sparkly.
He falls hard to the ground and, instead of being the other way around, his head actually feels sharper than it did before; like he was numb before and is fully focused now.
“Wha—
Tony studies him with a look, before he huffs a smile. "Who would've thought it. Cap likes dudes," Tony says, amused.
“Me too, Hap,” Tony says, patting him on the shoulder. Yeah, he was back into the world, and this time it was gonna be for a reason because if he survived through all the things he’s survived, he’d be damned if it was for nothing.
So he uses his buildup adrenaline instead of his words, and he grabs Tony by the waist and raises him up as he kisses him and drags him to the elevator.
After some eighty minutes of sitting just staring at the wall and contemplating how absurdly ridiculous his life turned out to be, he steps out, finds a plaid shirt and a nice brown leather jacket on the fully-stocked closet and decides he needs to take a walk. Or maybe twenty.
Rhodey feels like a mouse trapped between two cats.
He must look like the caffeine is working because Steve sees him and he laughs. “I talked to Peggy about you,” Steve says, looking at his hands. “I guess because I feel like I don’t know what to do, either.”
"Tony, there's no way Thor and I both fit here. Just get in the fucking bed," Steve says, tiredly.
Steve looks at him in silence for a while and Tony figures he might as well talk. It’s been a while since they’ve been alone and quiet.
"I don't mean—"
“Work hard,” Pepper whispers before giving him hug. “Any chance you driving by La Guardia?” she asks Agent guy, reaching him by the elevator.
“Once we get our hands on the Tesseract, you're in the wind,” Nick answers.
"I'm gonna sleep with Bruce on the couch. Thor can bunk with you if he comes back," Tony says, turning to leave.
He finds Bruce looking at the footage of Ultron's attack.
“And yet, you still signed up for it,” Tony replies.
Tony tsks. “But I did,” he replies. “The only difference is that my oath doesn’t require me to wear matching outfits and salute the flag every twelve hours.”
He waits for the truck to push them back towards him and gets on top of the car again, this time ripping the steering wheel.
"It still doesn't help us get an angle on any of his plans, though," Fury adds.
Tony falls dead silent and then closes his eyes and wrinkles his nose. “Fuck—that was insensitive, I’m sorry, I didn’t know—”
“What are you reading, platypus?” he asks.
“You know, I never really was the homework type of guy—”
“Trying to get me back in the world?”
"I’ll have Alonso fly you back to New York,” Tony tells him, typing on his phone to get it done.
Tony had gone through surgery to get his chest piece removed just a month and a half ago and had decided to recover in one his apartments in L.A. and Steve had flown back here after the first week to get settled.
“Yeah, I’d rather just chop my arm off,” Tony says again, turning on her only to be stopped by Rhodey.
“It’s alright, Captain. We don’t judge here,” Nick says, opening his hand at Steve, as if to calm him down, and Steve just sighs and closes his mouth. Nick goes back to his computers and Steve just stands there, resigned.
Tony doesn’t even wait a beat. “Matter of fact, it is,” Tony declares, and puts a hand on Rhodey’s shoulder. “Rhodey here keeps having his mark appear and disappear randomly, for years,” Tony says and Rhodey opens his eyes at him. “We were wondering what it could be?”
“Ok, but they wanted to help, right? So what’s so different between me and those people?” Tony exclaims.
“You didn't come here because I bat my eyelashes at you,” Natasha says, taking slow steps towards him.
“Right. Let me guess, this is for a friend?” the Doctor asks, her tone sarcastic.
And Tony feels it, too, because he lets go of his hand like it is on fire, then rubs his wrist and averts his eyes from him.
"Listen, I don't hate you," Rhodey says, looking at him in the eyes. "I mean, I hate you right now but not— not generally. And so do they," he says, and it somehow is exactly what Tony was hoping to hear.
Tony does half a shake. "It's alien technology, not magic," he says like he's mildly offended at the assumption.
Tony parts from the kiss and stands over to finish taking it off; stealing glances to Steve as he does. He puts his hands on his chest once he's all bare to his briefs and he moves them away slowly, revealing the scar where the reactor used to be.
“You got no idea,” Tony says. “But it could be worse.”
It doesn’t matter how many successful missions he has on his belt, he always gets the same punishment.
“This isn't about personality profiles anymore,” Agent guy says.
The gun is within arms reach, because every time they need him, it means someone has to die.
Rhodey’s mouth drops. “You mean this whole house is a computer?” he asks, going back to standing straight.
“Whatever. Just don’t get my ass in the crossfire,” Rhodey says.
“I just came back from a call with Márquez. Construction team really pulled it off in record time, especially after I pressed about it after the last party you threw there,” Pepper comments.
, not like that,” she says, and begins rolling the sleeve of her blouse.
He'd completely forget just how much sex felt like going to a fight.
Rhodey looks at the tree-filled road ahead and swallows. “If it comes to that, I’ll deal with him myself,” he says, but he feels dread at the whole idea and he doesn’t want to start thinking why.
“You think it’s incredibly fucked up?” Tony asks, scratching the back of his head, one hand in his pocket.
He lowers his head and smiles bitterly. “I used to be, a long time ago,” he says, then raises his face again.
And hey, Tony owns a private jet
Tony's pretty sure his heart just fucking stopped and he's dead, gone.
he hears a voice but no one in the room is speaking. It's low, like a demon's purr.
"The Enhanced?" Thor asks.
"So, I might hurt you— I wouldn't know," Steve says, doing half a shrug. "I’m not everything you think I am,” he says, looking at his fingers.
“You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. But we both know that’s not true,” Steve says quietly. Not like he’s asking or trying to pry, not like he’s begging Tony to trust him right away with whatever secret he’s hiding. Which is something Steve desperately wants to do, but can never bring himself to.
But Maya doesn't even have time to reply before Killian strides into the room, carrying a briefcase. "You know what my old man used to say to me?" asks Killian, taking off his suit jacket. "One of his favorite of many sayings: ‘The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese'."
"Yeah— about this little situation. Did you know Extremis has side-effects on soulmate scarring?" Tony says and Rhodey shakes his head in reply. "Yeah, it turns fainter. Maya was considering putting it out in the market for mark erasure procedures— you know, the ones Dr. Cho told us about," Tony says.
Rhodey looks at the picture of Barnes again and sighs. "Really? That’s weird because I feel great," he says, his voice dead.
“Break
Everyone was bothered with their own stuff. Even Nadejda had moved on to keep cleaning up her store.
"Any good?" Tony asks, his eyes narrowed.
"Clint's hit!" Natasha yells. "Somebody wants to deal with that bunker?" she asks and then says "thank you" a minute later.
Suddenly, Tony notices the can of worms he just opened.
“I’ve gotten some disciplinary action— twice,” he says, taking a deep breath. “You know me, always getting into trouble,” he adds.
He can picture himself there, with her and her brown uniform and her red lipstick and nice curves and unshaken personality.
Rhodey makes it back just before they start the dinner party, a few days after the fight in Sokovia.
“A higher form?” the Captain wonders.
"Then wipe him and start over," Pierce instructs, like he's not even there.
"Yeah, we would've called ahead, but we were busy— having no idea that you existed. In fact, I don't wanna be rude but I'm not even sure I understand—" Tony trails, moving his hand around them. "The whole situation here. Which is fine. You know, whatever it is," he says.
Because what matters was his mission, and his mission got done.
He stands up again and stares at the man, looking back to him with shining eyes. Deep eyes.
"They probably have a bet going on between the two of them," Steve suggests.
Rhodey just looks at his hands and shakes his head, his body is completely acting up. "No. I'm fucking freezing, like my hands are cold and— ugh, I feel
Tony frowns. “You want to know?”
“Oh my god, am I still sleeping?” Tony hears after the door swings open. He turns from the big chair, feeling tinier, and smiles at Pepper. “You’re here early,” she points, smiling.
“I can drop you,” Agent guy replies.
"By whom?" Tony wonders before a dart flies in front of him into the middle of the target.
“You know you don’t wanna cause a scene. Neither do your superiors,” he tries instead.
Pepper chuckles softly as she goes through Tony’s fan-mail and smiles.
Pepper returns it slowly and then shrugs. “It’s my fault for deciding to apply to Stark Industries instead of Apple or something,” she says and Tony laughs before pulling her into a hug.
Tony just shakes his head and scoffs. “Please, you don’t even have to mention it. I know your plate’s been kinda full and I get it. I’m there, too, Steve. I wanna catch all of them as much as you do,” he says.
"Yeah," Natasha mutters, agreeing. "Who do you want me to be?" she asks, then. Her bright eyes blinking at him.
"Hey, fellas," she says, a smirk on her face. "Either one of you know where the Smithsonian is? I'm here to pick up a fossil," she adds.
Jim spots the Air Force R.O.T.C. logo and his heart does a flip. “Dear James Rhodes, contact your Air Force ROTC detachment to schedule your meeting interview for your scholarship application”, reads the important bit and Jim does not feel like crying.
"No, I don't. That's exactly the problem," Rhodey says, standing up from his chair. "I don't know anything about this guy and you want me to go looking for him, shoot first, ask questions later," he says, standing in front of Yu.
“I'll tell the press you said that. The CEO of Stark Industries would rather work for Steve boy,” Tony says into her shoulder.
He takes deep breaths, one after the other, trying to ease his pain —his never ending pain— when he remembers Tony's words: "She's been expecting you reach her."
“You know, keep making fun of me and I won’t use my pull to get you into Harvard, young lady,” he says but Rhodey’s sister scoffs.
Tony shakes his head and throws himself on top of him again. "Nope— no. We're
Pepper just stares at him.
Steve can't even bring himself to smile at him. The images still lingering in his head.
“How the hell would I know?” Tony asks.
His ass isn’t even that great anyways.
Tony opens his mouth to say something but then closes it, bites his lips, and takes another sip.
He instructs all of them of what he needs to build anything remotely useful, he doesn’t let them know of the current state of his heart and its particular predicament – they don’t need to know. And well, if he’s dead, he can’t build them their precious missile, so…
“I had to ask for a few favors to get it, since they’re leaving our task force out of this. But that’s the record of Stark’s latest private hearing,” Allen tells him.
But Steve doesn't even blink and pointedly decides to ride every electrical wave Tony sends through his body with just one look. His wrist tingles with acknowledgment, his heart aches with longing for a relationship that hasn't even had a chance to start.
Rhodey points at her. "Nuclear codes," he says. "Look we need to make some calls, assuming we still can."
Rhodey lets the water roll down his face to his body, wash all over him and smooth the weird aching in his chest off. He rubs himself with soap, his body, his face. He gives himself a little massage on his head and rubs his eyes one more time, shaking off the sleepiness.
“Candice,” Tony guesses, having a hard time remembering the name of the last girl he hooked up with. He was sure the name started with ‘C’, though.
Rhodey’s done with SUPT faster than he thinks, this time the group of other fellow airmen was nicer than the one at IFT; they were more mature, focused on their own stuff, and there were more women.
“No, Tones, I told her I wanted to be here with you. She gets it—”
It gives them power, makes them real. Exposes him.
He can't bear the idea of Steve looking down to him like he's the worst thing he's ever seen.
Steve smiles down at Tony's hands and then nods at him. "I agree," he says. Tony's eyes linger on him for a long second and then their lips meet again. Tony nibbles at his lower lip before he starts groaning.
“Well, Ms. Potts has a company to run,” Tony says, trying to be smug.
“I’m not saying you have to go right now and ask him about it. I think it’s the touchiest topic for Tony,” Peggy explains. “But with time, I’m sure he’ll open up to you,” she adds.
Tony doesn't even address him. "Anybody remember when I carried a nuke through a wormhole?" he asks the room.
“Trying to save it,” Nick replies, offering the folder open to show him pictures of the cosmic cube.
He stands up and looks around his dorm. No sight of Tony, at least until he spots the little white sheet attached to U.
“Our people are just getting to them now. Pretty much the usual: lots of slogans, no real intel,” he answers. “Except you’re right – it was a trap. For you. They wanted the latest Stark tech, and figured you were the easier target,” he adds.
Tony scoffs. “C’mon, Pep, you know better than to listen to what they say about me on T.V.”
“No, you wouldn't. If I had been that drunk I wouldn't have been able to stand, much less give a lecture on integrated circuits,” he says but Tony’s far from listening.
In a crowd of applauding people, he steps in. “As liaison to Stark Industries, I've had the unique privilege of serving with a real patriot,” Rhodey begins, a big smile on his face. “He is my friend, and he is my great mentor. Ladies and gentlemen, it is my honor to present this year's Apogee Award to Mr. Tony Stark!” Rhodey announces, but Tony's flashy self is nowhere in sight. “Tony?” Rhodey wonders again into the mic until he spots Obadiah sitting next to an empty chair, shaking his head at him, helplessly.
Rhodey returns the salute. “Major.”
Must’ve been one of hell of a nightmare. Rhodey's thankful he can’t remember it for shit.
"What the hell did you do?!" Maya gasps, taking a step towards the hologram. "You said you'd leave her out of this!" she adds.
“Alright. Time to get this over with,” he says and then sighs, but his heart is rushing for some reason.
“I’m not sure Banner counts—"
Jimmy kicks him on the foot. “No, you dumbass, a real pilot,” he explains.
“I thought you’d be waking up hours ago, but it took you some time. It couldn’t be that bad, I mean, we didn’t even drink the whole thing,” Tony wonders and Rhodey falls dead silent. “Rhodey-hon, what is it?” he asks, rolling on his bed, looking at the ceiling.
"It's even worse when there's a window for reproduction, too. Let me tell you..." Clint trails as Tony makes his way back. "Why did you think Natasha and I tried to kill each other so many times when we first met?"
"Well, you did something right," Steve says. "And you did it right here. The Avengers were supposed to be different than S.H.I.E.L.D."
“Great,” Tony adds, with a big smile, because he can’t keep his mouth shut.
“Of course they are, I was directly involved,” Tony comments, approaching Pepper. “Which brings me to my next question, how does it feel to be a genius?”
I knoooow it's a little short again but I had to cut it for dramatic purposes *tiny evil laughter*
“Right and you – don’t don't like him anymore?” Pepper asks, her smile suspicious.
That's not gonna do it.
Peggy laughs and holds Steve’s hand tightly to support herself up from the couch.
"He's a blur," Cap replies. "All the new players we've faced, I've never seen this. In fact, I still haven't," he says.
“Yeah but I’m not sure your résumé is qualified enough to do that,” Tony says and the look the guy gives him makes Rhodey choke on a laugh, which earns him a dirty look.
"No," Maya's quick to state. "We have to destroy it," she says, not looking at either of them.
It's no exaggeration to say it's the best orgasm he's ever had. He's got science backing up that very statement.
Steve knows Sam's right. He just can't bring himself to open up again all those wounds. At least not yet.
“Last night,” Tony deadpans. “The packet, Selvig's notes, the Extraction Theory papers. Am I the only one who did the reading?” he says, his arms open.
“’Cause you hate yourself, kid,” Rhodey mutters, almost tiredly.
Both him and Tony know, first hand, what's like to feel you're the issue. You're the problem. You're what needs to be fixed.
Both Pepper and Tony frown at him like he’s from another planet. Happy just talks to someone on a comm, complaining about some “security breach”.
the point. That's Loki's point,” Tony retorts. “He hit us all right where we live. Why?”
But instead of pushing him down physically, it pushes him further emotionally, and he shifts and moves up, pressing Tony back against the couch’s back as he crashes his mouth against Tony's, hungry.
“Agreed. File says they volunteered for Strucker's experiments. It's nuts,” Hill comments.
Peggy presses her thin lips together and smiles, like she knows better — 'cause she definitely knows better. "On one thing, I mentioned Anthony and you recoiled back into your head for a hot minute there. And then also, he's not here with you," she exposes.
Steve lets out a sigh. "You know, I really miss the days when the weirdest thing science ever created was me," he says and Tony gives him a sympathetic smile.
Pepper rolls her eyes in reply and Rhodey shakes his head silently. “
Tony gives him a tight hug and whispers a ‘be safe’ to his ear before he’s off again to the very first hell-on-earth Tony ever truly knew.
"That's actually why we're here, Rhodes," Fury replies. "We need a few extra hands," he adds, turning to leave.
he quickly remembers.
He returns only forty minutes later to find his mother laying on the ground in the living room, sipping on eggnog, while she wraps the presents she bought. “Honey!” she greets.
“Wait, wait, hold on. How is this now about me?” Tony asks, raising his hand, frowning.
Natasha does a little motion with her head before she turns, going: "Nobody special, though?"
"You're not still pissed off about the Switzerland thing, are you?" asks Tony, watching warily as Killian lays down his briefcase on the table in front of him.
"Oh, this is gonna be beautiful," Rhodey mutters, amused.
“Here’s the latest report on the organization, sir,” he says, handing Rhodey a file.
Rhodey blinks. “Uh—alright, uhm. Hello, my name is—”
“Hey, hey. No,” Steve mutters, and he opens his hand for Tony to reach over. “I should be the one going hyper-verbal and – giving you giant rabbit teddys to get you to forgive me,” he says, grabbing Tony’s hand and rubbing his thumb on it.
Tony presses a kiss on his bulge through the fabric before he pulls it down and obscenely lets his mouth fall open at Steve's cock.
Steve looks at it and frowns. "What do you mean?"
Rhodey startles from his desk when he hears the door being opened. He blinks into consciousness and pulls a piece of paper off his face.
Tony lets out a single ‘ha!’. “Do you really have to be a little shit right now? I’m serious,” he tries and he pushes Steve to sit next to him.
Tony wants to smile back but he can't really bring himself, too.
Natasha stops and turns back to him. "Why was Fury in your apartment?" she asks.
There's glass piercing through his flesh but the chaos has subdued. Tony moves on the floor and looks up to his teammates.
But as soon as his lips land on hers, something explodes on the other room, where Happy’s at.
"But as I looked out over that city, nobody knew I was there, nobody could see me, no one was even looking," Killian continues, backing away from Tony's face a little. "I had a thought that would guide me for years to come. Anonymity, Tony." Killian points a finger at him.
Once they get to the bathroom, Rhodey pours warm water on his hands and then throws some on his face, just to ease himself up.
Thor unstraps Loki from his seat and, grabbing him by his neck, flies outside the jet with almost no effort at all. Tony stands up, pays no mind to the fact that he had one of the
“Master Stark is on the common floor at the moment,” the computer replies and Steve walks back into the elevator.
Rogers picks up one bloody card and takes a deep breath. Loss, he’s used to.
"We can do better than SHIELD did now," Steve says with a smile that's so big Tony's not sure he's ever seen it before.
Rhodey narrows his eyes at him. "That explains virtually nothing," he says.
Steve swallowed and it hurt a little.
Both women notice and then exchange a look, brief as it is.
“You got a place to go, right?” Tony asks, turning back to him, his tone entirely casual.
Tony opens his mouth as if offended and shakes his head. "No, I don't wanna talk about it," Tony says, doing a little shrug, but Rhodey just takes a bite of his Churro and gives him a look. "Fine. But
“Uh,” Tony says, slowly, almost groaning. “I know who that is—”
The ‘something’ being the terrorist attack message Steve saw on the news at Peggy’s home back in England.
“He’s moved through thirteen different countries since we started looking for him. Do you understand how hard to track this guy is?” Allen says as Rhodey makes his way around him to grab the paper with Barnes’ location back, can’t risk someone else getting their hands on it.
Rhodey stands by the door and salutes firmly, waits for the General to salute back and then nods at Ross. "General Yu, General Ross."
“I'm telling you, it worked. Poured cooking oil into it and the thing started,” he says and Rhodey shakes his head smiling.
"Didn’t we
He shakes Álvarez’s hand goodbye and smiles when he says: “Good luck out there.”
Steve drags Tony’s chin to meet his lips not at all softly, not at all gracefully. It’s a quick pull, a demanding pull.
Pepper pulls away from the hug and quirks and eyebrow. “Speaking of Steves,” she trails and Tony groans. “How did it go?” she asks.
Ps. Also, yes. I know I'm evil. I promise I'll make it up to ya'all (.....eventually).
"What are you doing?" Killian asks her, his arms open.
"Why though? Why not be forward?" he asks, a little softer this time.
The man looks at him silently, back to his expressionless mode. Then he nods and looks down.
He stands still, his chin up, and says nothing.
“Yes. Nothing to worry about,” she reassures. “As I was saying, he's asked me to tell you if you could, perhaps, come by the Stark Tower?” she asks.
Steve laughs quietly for a bit but then he goes, quietly: "I don't think they mean wrong, though." Steve's just staring ahead again.
“What about Jane? Where are the ladies, gentlemen?” Agent Hill asks next to Rhodey.
Steve’s heart peaks and he turns to Peggy, who’s sighing. “You think SHIELD’s onto this?” he asks, turning back to see the news lady go on in detail about the attack.
"I'm going to go, Mr. Pierce," he hears a woman yell in a cheeky tone. "You need anything before I leave?" the woman adds, and Pierce still looks stiff.
Tony doesn’t miss the fact that Steve forgets to mention Howard. Surely for Tony’s benefit.
Then his phone rings and he gets a message from Natasha, who's been with him almost every day since he joined.
“Well, he
"You know, it's kind of hard to trust someone when you don't know who that someone really is," he says.
Rhodey figured he was right.
“Yeah, okay,” Rhodey mutters back.
“That is an electromagnet, hooked up to a car battery, and it’s keeping the shrapnel from entering your heart,” he explains.
The sunlight makes Steve's eyes hurt but the clean air makes the ache in his head slowly fade.
“That sounds like a lot of time,” Tony says, his face going sad.
“Not yet. I’m gonna be stationed at Edwards, helping in the Weapons Development department until they need Flight Fighters anywhere else,” he explains and Tony looks down at his feet.
“As soon as we find out what else this has been used for,” Cap goes and Tony just stares at the blue thing, remembering his weirdly-vivid vision. “I don't just mean weapons. Since when is Strucker capable of human enhancement?” he asks.
Everyone turns to him like he just crashed the party. "Wait. Whatcha' mean?" Tony asks with a mouthful.
He twists his neck, knowing he's been carefully looked at and lets his shoulders fall. Relaxes. Then he looks down at his hands, bent and pressed against his knees, and he sees it again.
“You want anything? Water, juice, something stronger?” Tony asks, glancing back over his shoulder.
is looking at him. Tony keeps his eyes straight ahead and keeps himself from swallowing nervously.
Ok, NOW we're getting started.
“Because I might not be here in the future, and you must know,” he says, giving him a soft pat on the back. “And because I want you to care, about me and Miss Carter and the life we want for you,” he says and Tony frowns, confused.
He looks up at Steve and is about to talk when JARVIS interrupts him. “Sir, incoming call from Ms. Potts,” he informs and Tony waves him to put her through.
Tony catches Rhodey on his way towards the elevator and he grabs his dress-jacket, lying on a table after someone picked it up. "Hey, here," he says and makes Rhodey turn to give it to him.
Killian sits on a stool and opens the suitcase. "You have met him, I assume?" he asks.
," Steve presses.
Tony nods at that but his eyes are a little lost.
Steve and Tony briefly exchange a look.
"Sure. I'll call you as soon as we figure out his plan," Tony shares.
Zola says.
Rhodey closes his eyes slowly, shaking his head. “Jesus, Tony, seriously – just one internet search, ‘Military hierarchy’, just read
"I just— all that happened in Washington— it's a lot," Steve says.
"It's— it's Cap's friend. From the 40s," Rhodey says, but he's confused. Deeply so. He looks at the picture of Barnes again. "I saw him in the Captain America exhibit at the Smithsonian, just a few weeks back— wait, how's that even possible?" Rhodey asks, turning from the file to look at Yu.
He turns, arching an eyebrow. "Why am I going to keep looking for Ultron?" Tony asks but he knows better.
"Well," Steve says, taking a breath. "Things aren't so bad. Food's a lot better. We used to boil everything. No polio is good. Internet, so helpful. I've been reading that a lot, trying to catch up," he explains.
"Perhaps he went with Thor," Clint tells him, sitting next to him on the couch, eating a carrot.
“So you think they just died?” Tony repeats.
Rhodey just sighs and looks the other way. "Of all the dumb things you could've ever done. Ever. Tony—"
“It's a glitch in my work—”
“What do you mean?” Tony frowns.
Tony makes his way through the dining room towards him and gives him a big hug that matches the biggest smile he’s ever seen in him.
"You talked to Pep?" Tony asks.
Tony still thinks them being friends is weird.
There was a circus. But no family.
"Where did Captain America learn how to steal a car?" Natasha asks, looking at him attentively, brow furrowed as if she's mildly offended or something.
There's just too much going on.
"I'm gonna go out of my way here and guess, you haven't had food either?" Steve says, softly, his eyebrows moving comically.
“Hey, buddy, how—shit.” It’s the Colonel, his easy smile suddenly gone.
he was wrong about him. Tony is not a selfish man; he’s just way too good at faking it and Steve was way too dumb to see the mask.
“Oh well... Screw it,” he says, before getting up and grabbing his jacket.
Tony shifts on the bed to turn his body fully to him. “Steve, I know you must have skeletons in your closet. Everyone does,” he tells him, running a hand across the side of his head. “I’m not kidding when I said I hated you before. It’s why I made it so hard for you at first, and now I just think I wasted so much energy for nothing I mean— look at me now,” Tony says, opening his arms. Then he leans in closer, his eyes bare to Steve’s. “I’ve never wanted someone as bad as I want you,” he says low.
Steve rolls his eyes and pulls the blanket down again. "I'm pretty sure Clint's said he's pan— and that's not the point. What did he tell you?"
There's only really one pressing at the moment.
“I'm going to pay for that comment about percentages in some subtle way later on, aren't I?” Tony asks instead, sitting on the couch, taking the glass.
Tony frowns, but it’s half-sarcastically. His mother
The bearded man in front of him speaks again, looking oddly friendly.
“You know, you could've just said that’s what you were going to do. I would’ve understood,” Rhodey says, but he's mocking David a little. “Was it your soulmate?” he asks, still smiling, and Álvarez opens the water tap.
“Now that’s just cold. Oh, well, at least
Pepper sighs. “I know, I know. I just, I can’t help but worry. But I need to focus on this. I mean— this is my wedding. I’m only planning to do this once, you know?” she says.
So what if he did? He has a connection with the kid.
“But not the screams of the dead, of course,” Thor tries to save, once he notices Bruce quietly losing it again. “No, no, wounded screams,” he keeps going. “Mainly whimpering, a great deal of complaining and tales of sprained deltoids and—uh, gout,” he finishes.
Tony’s poking Doctor Banner, trying to see if he can spark the beast up, when he has to see
Suddenly, a heavy force strikes on top of the jet, like a horse landing on it, shaking it on its spot in the clouds. Tony turns around and puts his helmet on, assuming position.
“You’re wearing that inside the house now?” Pepper asks, sitting on the couch to take her high heels off. “What is that, Mark 15?” she asks.
“Look, I’m gonna go drink until this thing gets blurry on its own. You either join me or go,” Tony says, opening his hand as he points it towards the door.
Álvarez takes it and pulls him into a half-hug, patting him on the shoulder. “I come here when I’m off-duty,” he shares. “What about you? You’re celebrating something?” he asks.
“Is this is a submarine?” Steve wonders, walking towards the edge; the doctor by his side.
Steve moves his eyes, trying to fake nonchalance but failing.
Steve’s gotten used to that. “Word is you can find the cube,” Steve tells him.
Something in Steve’s inside bends and twists, distracting him enough to not remember to stop himself when he reaches for Tony’s face, hands on both of Tony’s cheeks, and asks softly: “Tony, are you okay?”
“Right…” Tony drags. “I just—I lost track of time,” he says, lying.
“Why don’t you go say hello? Maybe get him out of there,” she asks, and Tony tries his best not to wrinkle his nose at her.
Tony watches Steve follow after him but he doesn't follow.
"You mean the ones this guy is getting?" Rhodey says, pointing at his wrist.
“Which I get the irony. Kudos. You win. You outdid me. We’re even. Please, don’t ever fucking do that again,” Tony goes on again, this time taking a few steps closer to him on his bed.
Somehow, he feels like a child being explained why a toy can't be his.
“It would appear Miss Potts isn’t in the building,” JARVIS informs him. Tony’s eyebrows turn into a line.
The place looks...homey. It unsettles Tony a little.
“Is it true what they say about him?” Davis steps in, without absolutely no touch.
Tony’s eyes are getting wider and wider as Pepper talks.
He puts his hands on her shoulders. “I'm not sure,” Tony says, quietly. There’s a shrinking fear bubbling up in his gut but he thinks it might be a reaction to Shawarma. “But I think we're safe for now,” he adds.
Tony stands in front of him with an open look and searches for his eyes until Rhodey raises his head back again.
But the man doesn’t speak and Bucky’s starting to feel nervous under his stare. His body is getting worked up like he’s winding to both cry and laugh at the same time.
Next morning Rhodey wakes up with a headache and the smell of freshly made coffee. He steps out of the guest room and walks into the living room, his eyes squinting at the bright light coming out of the huge wall-window.
“Then we’ll do that together, too,” Steve promises.
He tries to shoot again but they shoot first, and he uses the fire and smoke to vanish and gather his thoughts.
,” Rhodey says, interrupting himself.
However, after he rings the doorbell and some lady lets him in into Peggy's house he feels himself vibrating with adrenaline, like when he's about to face a foe.
“Yeah?” he asks, wonders in his eyes.
They arrive at aircraft carrier in no time and a redheaded woman begins approaching them as soon as they step out of the jet. Steve recognizes her from the debrief package, but he can’t remember her name.
Agent guy doesn’t address his question, only looks like he’s fighting himself not to roll his eyes at Tony. Guess everybody’s on edge lately.
“You disconnected the transition lines? Are we off the grid?” Pepper asks.
"I watched my friends die. You'd think that'd be as bad as it gets, right?" Tony says, making a face. "Nope— it wasn't the worst part," he trails.
He's about to grab the Scepter when he feels something move behind his back and his blood runs cold.
Apparently, he had a lung condition he never spoke about and one day he got the flu and he couldn't recover. Went to bed and he was gone in the morning.
He looks out the window and Steve's still nowhere in sight.
“Cheese,” he mutters between his teeth. But the next second, 161 pounds cling at Rhodey’s back.
“Mhm, you mean when you were spying on me?” Tony asks, quietly, licking his fingers.
"Has that happened before?" Tony asks. Rhodey lets out a breath and shakes a 'no'. Rhodey moves to the hand-dryer and starts rubbing his hands together to get warmer. "You know, I was talking to Maya about this whole thing," he says.
Steve just lets out a deep breath and doesn't bite in. In fact, he actually smiles at Tony. "I don't wanna fight right now," he says.
The man nodded, his nose brushing against Tony's neck.
"Hey its okay I'm not mad, sweetie. Why are you awake though? School only begins at 8, doesn't it?"
"Yeah, you always have an excuse. You just graduated? You're gonna throw a party. Long day? you drink because you deserve it. You're bored ? You drink to make something happen. You drank too much the night before? You drink to make the headache pass. Before you know it you're throwing back a glass of whiskey at 9 am because you need it to concentrate, to stop the shaking. You need it to stop the headaches, to sleep, to function. You're stuck on a project? You drink to have some creativity."
Tony got up and planted a kiss between Steve's shoulder blades.
"Why would you keep so many bottles in your workshop, Tones? You know you're..."
He wanted to cuddle? That wasn't dumb. But he could see the arc reactor, or worse, feel it. On the other hand, Tony was dying, and dying in Steve's arms wouldn't be that bad.
Steve chuckled quietly into Tony's neck. They stayed like that seveeral minutes, maybe an hour, even, before Steve straightened his back and was half a head taller than Tony again.
"I'm sorry I yelled."
The question was genuine, no accusation in the ton, no expectations.
Tony nodded towards the Avengers team and the medics.
" dad... Are you and pops going to break up? "
"Yeah, he was, for important stuff."
Tony and Steve had tried to keep their son out of their stories, out of the grown-ups things.
"Yeah."
He wanted to sleep again.
Tony let his gaze wander off the hospital room.
"You want to watch something? Or we can try to go back to bed," Steve whispered in Tony's hair when the sobs subdued.
"No. Hun-hun. Grouded. You're not gonna see the sun for two weeks."
Steve beamed and Tony's weak, weak heart jumped and squeezed like a teenager's. He yelped when Steve slid his arms under him and lifted him in the air like if he weighted nothing. Steve turned around, took a few steps and deposited Tony on the counter.
"Can I have water first?"
"You're still grounded though. You should have told us where you were going."
"Tony."
"You know me. You have too many expectations here."
"Fuck."
Steve put a firm hand on Tony's shoulder. He opened his hand out to Peter.
"Do you want it to mean something ?"
"Let's get you back to sleep, okay?"
It was even worse. He was his father. Of course he loved him. He had loved Howard, at some point. He had tried so much to impress him, to be good enough for his old man.
"Sounds good."
Tony took several seconds to process who was talking and what was the question about, then several others to ponder his answer.
"It's not a solution."
There were days where Tony regretted keeping his identity secret.
"Tony-"
"It's not even a school night! It's not a big deal-"
Peter nodded against the pillow. Tony bent to plent a kiss on the top of his curls. He started to get up when Peter's little hand grabbed the undersuit's sleeve, just enough for Tony to feel it.
"Sorry i-"
"Don't worry I'm here," he said in Steve's hair.
"Ned, did he throw up? Is he concious?"
"What... What happened ?"
"You blacked out. Friday called Pepper, and she called me when they found you." he paused,.You've been out for 2 days, Tones."
"I don't really want him to wake up and see you, Rogers."
Steve entered the room and filled it with the scent of shampoo and soap.
"Seriously?"
"Are you okay, Dad?" a small voice cut through the silence.
"Ah pop's back! See ya!"
Steve's arms tensed, and pushed against the arc reactor, Tony wished that the coat was thick enough.
"Did you drink anything?" he whispered, out of Peter's earshot.
"Are you mad at Pa ?"
"I'm sorry for that, thanks."
"And a slice of lemon? "
"Yeah, sorry, I'm fine. Sorry."
"Yeah, it was easy. 94. I had the best grade!"
‘Stay out of this,' Rhodey had begged but Tony, as usual, hadn't listened. And now, not only was Rhodey going to have to fix this whole mess, but he also had to worry about Tony's ass in the process.
He's trying to keep himself from reaching for more, more.
He pulls her into a hug that lasts for decades, as far as he is concerned, and gives her a kiss on the side of her head, thanking whatever deity above him that she's alive for him to hold.
Bruce’s smile turns bitter and nostalgic. He raises his eyes back to Tony and blinks slowly before muttering: “No.”
"A safehouse," Tony replies.
“I am an artificial intelligence system created by Tony Stark. I go by the name Just a Rather Very Intelligent System, shortened—”
“Stark Industries founder, Howard Stark, was found dead this morning after enduring multiple injuries in a car crash. The Long Island Police Department confirmed the accident occurred at night, somewhere around 7 PM. The inventor, with a brilliant record of helping the U.S. Armed Forces, was with his wife, Maria, who also died at the scene. They left only one son, Anthony Edward, who is set to graduate with the highest honors at MIT upcoming June,” the woman on the TV says and Rhodey feels his heart sink.
“Agent Romanoff, could you show Dr. Banner to his laboratory, please,” Nick asks and Agent Romanoff walks towards them.
The look of knowledge, of recognition.
“Bucky,” he calls himself in the mirror until it feels right. Because James never does. Because Soldat doesn’t either, not anymore.
"Hello, Deere," Tony says as he goes inside the barn and finds the tractor. "Tell me everything. What ails you?"
Not that Steve feels he knows Tony enough to tell the difference. He doesn’t.
“Perhaps another time?” the man asks, but Tony can no longer hear him.
Steve’s fingers slip sneakily to grab his and Tony’s never gonna get used to the way Steve’s fingertips make his entire body act up. Like a tiny little spasm every time he comes into contact with Steve’s skin.
I keep revealing and hinting background relationships, I just hope you guys are paying attention ;)
he remembers a woman say, but he's smaller. She has soft amber eyes and his brown hair.
"Well, it kind of sounds like that's what you're saying," Steve retorts.
The Black Widow does as asked but just before the portal finishes closing in on itself, the small figure of iron makes the cut.
Barton turns on the jet and Romanoff straps herself on the co-pilot seat. “Yeah,” Steve says, smiling, and sits in front of Banner and Thor.
It feels like a balm and threat.
Steve looks down to his mug. “I’m not so angry anymore,” he says.
"Don't take from my pile," Tony yells at Steve before he leaves.
"Not with what's up there, Steve," Tony replies fast, smiling bitterly at him. "Arms dealers, corrupt governments— even the occasional petty thief? That's all good. We can excel that. Piece of cake, but what's out there?"
This time Tony doesn’t smell like coffee and oil but like whisky and cologne.
"Clint's hit pretty bad, guys," Natasha says. "We're gonna need evac," she adds.
Steve turns before one of Klaue's men can fire at him and he punches him unconscious, but before he can notice, the Maximoff kid shows up again and pushes him off-balance, sending him flying against a staircase.
“Nah, listen. I told you, I lost track of time. I was updating one of my armors and one of my silly bots put something where he shouldn’t have. Didn’t get time to shower,” Tony explains, easily, giving a vague shrug at last. “But if you got so much of an issue with my appearance…” he trails, jokingly about to step back outside the elevator.
“He needs you to write a report on the Iron Man suit. He’s pretty positive he can take his case to court—”
“I just don’t want to interrupt you in your work,” Steve adds, when Tony doesn’t have another quip to interrupt him with.
Steve lets his eyes linger on Tony for a bit then, studying the deep of his brown eyes but all he can see is that same glooming darkness he saw just before Tony left New York, months ago.
“White,” Steve says.
on tumblr for beta reading this chapter. You're an angel!
He saves him, he has to. Something in his gut tells him that saving him is all he was ever good at.
“No, you don’t. It’s not like that. I didn't want to put you in danger. I didn’t know if I could trust—"
Rhodey takes a breath and readjusts himself in the chair. “I mean, she wasn’t the most impressive résumé here but she did have something,” he says.
“We are
“With that in mind, I humbly present the crown jewel of Stark Industries freedom line. It's the first missile system to incorporate our proprietary repulsor technology. They say the best weapon is one you never have to fire, I respectfully disagree. I prefer the weapon you only have to fire once. That's how Dad did it, that's how America does it...and it's worked out pretty well so far. Find an excuse to let one of these off the chain, and I guarantee you the bad guys won't even want to come out of their caves”, Tony says before motioning for one of the assigned airmen to point the missiles to the empty field far in the back and firing just one. “For your consideration, the Jericho,” Tony presents, before a huge explosion goes off at his back, the wave of air it made making him move on his spot.
Steve stiffens in his spot, takes a deep breath and looks down. "Pretty much," he replies.
Peggy grabs his hand then and pulls him towards her.
He hadn't love any woman like he loved her.
Tony chokes in on a breath and realizes, bitterly, what he’s already known for the past three weeks: there’s no sleeping for him.
“You mean your mark?” the Doctor wonders and Tony nods. She takes a breath and looks around herself before answering: “Some tech’s being developed so people can numb down the part of the DNA coding that gives you your mark,” she shares. “It’s all very untested and I’ve heard it has demonstrated different kinds of outcomes. The one considered most successful being total erasure of your mark but it comes at the cost of some significant biological damage,” she says.
"No," Steve reassures, doing a little vow with his head.
– zipping his lips in a thin line – and takes a breath. “I'm not marching to Fury's fife,” Tony adds, his stance different.
Rhodey moves his eyebrows in a positive reply.
It isn’t anything good, because soon Yinsen stutters an answer and then he’s forced down to kneel. The bald man grabs a burning carbon from the fire and grabs Yinsen’s head.
Rhodey doesn’t move but his face does a full-shift, and Álvarez catches up on it pretty quickly. “I— uhh,” Rhodey stutters, but Álvarez is breathing through his nose, his smile a thin line.
At that Tony nearly beams at him, it makes Rhodey remember the time vaguely during college when Tony drunkenly told him he didn't care about people's gender when he liked somebody and Rhodey promptly told him that that was alright.
“He wants to know what you think,” the old man translates for Tony after they walk through the place.
Plus, it's just a few months. It's not like a lot can happen before they see each other again.
“Good move,” Iron Man says, in a cheerful note then takes all his guns away and lowers his arms to his sides.
He stops just by the end of the hall and turns to see Rogers’ not moving, just standing there in front of the closed door, looking at the floor.
"Amuse us," Rhodey interrupts.
“Pretty much. I’ve finally been talking to a doctor—"
“Yeah, yeah. And it’s your soulmate. So it’ll go perfectly, don’t sweat it,” Tony assures her.
Steve watches him go with what he guesses must be a pretty goofy smile just as he hears the door of his neighbor being open.
“Are you sure he's gonna be okay?” Natasha asks Dr. Cho. “Pretending to need this guy really brings the team together,” she adds, smirking at Clint.
Which is why when she confides him with the ‘Jessica Drew’ on her wrist, Jim feels an entire different kind of heartache.
Steve gets home feeling overwhelmed, just to give it a name.
They had begun talking amicably during the whole week, but nothing too important to indicate anything.
“You forced our hand. We had to come up with something—”
“What was that?” Happy asks, fixing his long locks.
When the Captain’s eyelids pop open again, they meet the greatness of New York. Right there, out in the open.
"Me? You let them turn me into this," Bucky says, his eyes dark, and in their reflection, Steve can see himself.
“Anyways—when he died I considered killing the thing, you know, stop funding it. But…somehow I felt I was doing him one last disrespect— I decided against it, it’s not okay to spit on him when he's not around to defend himself anymore,” Tony says, moving one shoulder up. “So, they kept doing their thing, right? And they'd send me reports but I didn’t want anything to do with it so I trashed it right to spam mail, never read a single one—until two weeks ago, when they contacted me to say they had found him,” he finishes.
“It’s worth it,” Steve mutters and pulls Tony’s v-necked shirt to him again.
Rhodey takes a breath. “I was hoping you’d let me use your tech to find him faster. That way I don’t use their servers and I can decide what to do with the information I get,” Rhodey explains.
“Rhodey, this is Thor, actual God of Thunder,” Tony he begins introducing, pointing to the guy with the cape sitting next to him. Thor does a little vow with his head and Rhodey tries to repeat it. “You know Doctor Banner,” he adds pointing to the scientist, sitting at one end of the table.
Steve blinks uncomfortably and looks at Tony, still throwing darts.
They both turn to look at Steve for a brief second and then Tony looks down and Rhodey looks at him.
"There's only so much I can do, sir, when you give the world's press your home address," JARVIS retorts, as Tony makes his way upstairs, the armor quickly attaching to him.
"What unit you with?" Steve asks.
Steve looks at it and has no idea what to make of it. The lines are formed in eight different tiny squares —like eight letters— but Steve's never seen markings quite like that.
Steve thought he didn't savor the win enough.
“Yeah, I told you last night, Pepper asked and I’d feel terrible if I don’t show up for her, you know?” Tony says, looking at their joined hands, barely gripping each other but oh, so heavy.
"If you want coffee, you'll have to let me go."
"I'm sorry," he mumbled. "But don't worry about that, alcohol tastes so gross."
She waved, and accompanied her gesture by a weak smile.
"Tony you're here?"
"Tones, don't move."
She was back on business mode, giving her boss a file full of - he could already tell - boring work.
"I'm just saying."
Tony tucked Peter in bed after telling him a pg-13 version of the battle and started towards the kitchen. The debriefing had dragged on to the evening and Pepper had had to pick the kid from school. Tony didn't like it, at all. He knew what it was like to have a father who liked his job more than his offspring.
They heard a knock, and a redhead appeared in the room.
Tony was always cold. Even in summer, even in the desert, there was always a lingering feeling of cold and shivers in his back. Despite the hoodies and the blankets he was just so, so cold all the time. He ever felt warm when he was with Steve or in the comfort and safety of his workshop, but even then, it felt like the cold was waiting for him in a corner.
" Yeah, right, sorry. "
He breathed heavily, trying to concentrate on his friend's voice, trying to ignore the steps getting farther every second, the door knob clicking, the door shutting down.
"Well I... I slept with pops because I had a nightmare and... And... If you had been there I... I would have woke you up but you weren't and there was only pops so I went to him and he wakes up early so I woke up at the same time as him but he went for a run but he forgot his phone and I'm alone and and and-"
He opened his eyes. Rhodey was staring at him, a saddened look on his face. Tony raised his hand to land it on the colonel's arm.
When he was downstairs, he noticed the soft light coming from the kitchen. He was debating going back to bed when he heard a sound that he couldn't quite place at first, and then someone sniffed. One of his parents was crying in the kitchen, alone (because someone had to slam the door) and Peter couldn't find it in him to leave him alone.
It was really not. Steve had met someone that wasn't 20 years older than him, that was young and dynamic, and that wasn't a mess. Tony didn't blame Steve. The flame had faded some time ago, but the little hope Tony had to make it work had been crushed when the blond had announced him he was leaving.
"Already drinking."
The day after he was discharged. He gave the press conference, to announce that there wasn't anything to worry about, that he just needed time for himself.
"No," he sighted, feeling somewhat relieved to find that it was the truth. He couldn't be. "Your Pa was in a tight spot this afternoon, " this part hadn't made in the pg-13 retelling of the afternoon, "and I got scared and did something a bit dumb."
"Yeah."
"Tony? Already here?"
"So, what did they say?" Clint asks, holding a dart.
“Hey, it’s Pep,” Rhodey shares, sitting on his very lonely couch.
"Because you're War Machine, he's the Winter Soldier", Allen replies with a shrug, putting the file on the desk and laying back on his chair.
“Well, what is it?”
“Tony, you can’t just shut the door on Captain America’s face,” Rhodey says, rubbing his temple.
He’s spent so much time of his life wanting to hate Steve Rogers that now he doesn’t know what to do to keep him.
He can’t feel his hands anymore, his heart rate is getting lower and lower but his brain is at full speed. A name, a mark, most people have it. The cold catches up to him.
Natasha pants and Clint covers her face with his hands. "Hey, hey. I'm here. It's okay. None of that was real, alright?" he whispers to her and cleans the sweat off her forehead before he kisses it.
Destiny making them soulmates most likely means nothing to him, and even if it did, Steve wouldn’t risk the fate of millions of people just so they could try something.
Rhodey looks down. Yeah, he’s been busy.
The other one he knows. She's been on his way before.
“I’ll fly us,” Barton offers, entirely interested. Steve turns to look at Agent Romanoff, who catches his sight and rolls her eyes, half-amused.
Rhodey nods. “Yeah, I heard about it on the news,” he says.
"He'll be more powerful than any of us. Maybe all of us," Tony tells him. "An android designed by a robot," he adds.
Steve looks at Tony from the distance again and lets out a breath. "Yeah..." he says. "He's just— he's been so relaxed and happy lately. And he had a terrible year after the attack on New York. I just, I don't wanna put all my shit on him."
“We might have to make a quick stop—”
"My name is Alexander Pierce and I have a mission for you," the man says, before setting him free.
“You, too,” Rhodey replies.
Steve jerks his chin to the side. “No. I also hate bullies. Always have. People who make others feel miserable, feel pain. It’s why I’m a bad Catholic, most of the times,” Steve says and this time it’s Tony who laughs.
"The good news is, a high-level position has just been vacated," Killian tells him, with a twisted look on his eyes.
The camera flashes help to unsettle his eyes even more.
The sight of the sun rising slowly in clear sky hurts his eyes a little bit but it soothes his head. Warms him. It numbs down the aches in his chest every time he wakes up panting from a nightmare, as he does almost every day.
Next stop: find out what's really going on.
“Oh, yeah, I do feel like he does, deep in my core,” Tony says in a fake cheerful tone and watches his mother standing up and walking to him.
“Tony, what is all this?” Steve asks instead. Because it’s nice, incredibly so, but this is the first time Steve’s seen him since they fought an alien army. And last time Steve checked, you just don’t build homes for your colleagues.
“Tony,” says Steve. He can’t reach out physically, is afraid of how Tony might react, but Steve hopes his voice can be as soothing as a hand on Tony’s shoulder would be. “Are you okay?” he asks softly when Tony finally looks at him.
Rhodey stares at Allen with his mouth slowly hanging, not making anything out of him, when the phone rings. "Yes?"
“Shit, seriously?” Rhodey asks, still in disbelief.
"I don't trust a guy without a dark side," Tony says, before cutting a log in half with the ax. "Call me old-fashioned," he adds.
“Dr. Banner is only here to track the Cube. I was hoping you might join him,” Fury tells Tony, walking in.
Rhodey looks back and then back at Tony and he sighs. “Well, uhm, killing him is not an option,” he replies sarcastically.
"I feel like we do. Being around you is ten times more difficult than being around anyone I've ever liked," Steve says, and then raises his head back up again, going: "I don't mean it in a bad way, I just— I don't wanna screw up. And yet, I feel like all I do is just that," he adds.
"So, that's got something to do with what you want me to do?" Rhodey asks.
Tony nods and then they make their glass meet lightly. Tony takes a big gulp and Steve tries his drink, he has to close his eyes for a moment at how strong of a punch the drink packed.
Yu sighs and looks down, but then he smiles sympathetically. "I know. That's why I can't think of anyone else for this," he says, but Rhodey doesn't feel flattered.
At least he was old enough to drink now.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What— what," Steve asks, his hands splattered across Tony's chest, trying to keep the blood in. He looks up in despair and he sees him, then.
“Do you wanna go for coffee?” Steve blurts out with an awkward smile. “You know, take a breather?”
“You know what? We should get started,” he says, after a while and a long sigh.
“Yeah, and I wouldn’t recommend anyone watching whatever Tony’s up to,” Rhodey comments, before taking a sip of his drink.
“Yeah, tell him I’m starving!” Clint yells from the couch.
Steve gets up from the couch and grabs the dirty plates and goes over to the kitchen sink and pours water into them before stuffing them into the dishwasher. "I gotta say—" he speaks as he closes the dishwasher. "I kinda liked these prequels better," Steve says with a loop-sided smile.
The chamber is different, bigger. They remove the mouth-piece from his face and all he does is eye them. There are at least fifteen people in the room, but only one isn't looking at him with fear in his eyes.
“Tony Stark: Visionary. Genius. American patriot,” the video plays on as it shows images of Tony. Rhodey managed to arrive just in time before the ceremony started, after people from the Apogee Award protocol department approached him to make an appearance, giving Tony his statue.
They're walking down a park in a Washington just after Rhodey got back from his latest mission.
Tony shakes one hand. “No, but listen, there’s another idiot out there who doesn’t have a soulmate mark either. People who are in square one like us. Who’s to say they’re not the ones meant for us but somebody up there fucked up terribly?” he asks and Rhodey's drank a little too much already and Tony's little hypothesis makes his head spin.
Steve shrugs one shoulder. “I think it was a good quote, in hindsight. Maybe you should sell that on t-shirts,” he jokes.
“I don't know about that, but it is powered by the Cube,” Fury says. “And I'd like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys.”
"Ultron says the Avengers are the only thing between him and his mission. And whether or not he admits it, his mission is global destruction," Fury says. "All this, laid in a grave. So stand," he tells them, adding: "Outwit the platinum bastard," as he sits down.
By the threshold of his room, Tony stands resting, his sunglasses on and his arms crossed.
“Alright, J,” he says as he walks over and grabs the keys for the Mazda MX-5 Miata. “Do me a favor and don’t let my father know I’m here just yet,” he tells the butler before going back to the hallway and fetching his hoodie.
“That is…surprisingly not infected,” the doctor says. “We need to run several tests, Mister Stark,” he says.
"I don't know," Steve replies.
“Hmm, the thin line—” Rhodey whispers, making fun of him.
"I mean, I've done this whole shit, Rhodey. You know that— and mock me or not, I want this to work. I want to make this work," Tony tells him, his eyes sparkling.
“It was so good, Rhodey.
He takes a deep breath and shakes his head just once, regretting ever opening his mouth. “Yeah, I mean, it’s developing science, but…yeah, it’s possible,” he stutters. “It’s risky, not entirely tested right but—” He gives a vague shrug.
"You're something else," Tony mutters, sarcastically.
He allows himself to smile. “Son of a gun,” Steve mutters.
"This?" Thor asks and Tony looks over.
Rhodey takes another breath in and then turns to Allen with a big smile. “But he didn’t, Allen,” Rhodey says, satisfied.
"Really?" Steve inquires, moving a little back.
Rhodey places just one hand on his shoulder and Tony crashes onto his chest. He looks over Tony’s head to see Jarvis leaving them quietly. “I got you,” he whispers, rolling a hand down Tony’s spine. “I’m not going anywhere. I got you,” he adds and Tony chokes on a breath in his arms.
“We’re here live from the Institute for Infectious Diseases Headquarters in Lagos, Nigeria, where an altercation between known criminal Brock Rumlow and Captain America has gotten out of hand and has resulted in a death toll of over twenty people,” the reporter says and Rhodey lets himself rest, half-sitting on his desk, his jaw dropping.
"Nothing big," Fury says, in a sarcastic sober tone. "Just drop a whole ass city on Earth like some kind of motherfuckin' meteor."
“Hi. I told him I was sorry but he…” he trails off at the woman, who offers him a hot towel.
“Jesus, Jimmy, are you really not going to get him? I thought you finally got some sense into you,” Allen whines.
“He wants you to build the missile—the Jericho missile that you demonstrated,” the old man translates, then he takes the piece of paper of the bearded man’s face and shows it to Tony. “This one,” he adds, Tony barely needs to look at it.
At the 'James' HYDRA tattooed on his skin so he'd never truly forget.
Rhodes closes his eyes and sighs again. “I don’t want to fight over this again. Don’t put me in a position to pick between you and my duty, Tony, please.”
The flight programs and classes he took during his college years didn’t make him any less excited about the prospects of becoming an Air Force Pilot. Of fulfilling his dream. Of touching the sky.
’ Tony thinks with a proud smile.
He walks around the car with hard struts and stops by the passenger seat door. Without looking, he slides the hand inside and finds a pulsing neck. One squeeze and it ends.
“How—oh, right, the key,” Tony says, answering his own question.
"— never heard that."
“Well, he wants to know if you
Tony was all alone now.
He looks at the fire and smells in the smoke and his mind is crushing down, walls around him collapsing like the very plane he's on.
"Prep him," Pierce says, turning on his heels, away from him.
Tony takes a deep breath and lets go of the touch, easily, casually, unlike that first handshake which still burned in the back of Steve’s mind. “I—just,” he shrugs and looks up, like he’s struggling to come up with an idea.
"I... hadn't thought of that," Tony whispers. Rhodey nods, raising his eyebrows. "But Pepper did get her mark faint when she had Extremis inside of her," Tony says, raising his finger.
She lived without him now he’ll live without her.
“I thought we were discussing
Allen laughed at his mug and shook his head. "You're funny, Jim," he says.
"Alright, folk. Today was awesome. Let's wait a few weeks before doing that again, huh?" Clint says, doing a little salute before going into the elevator with the rest.
Steve’s brow furrows deeper. “Really? Is he okay?” he asks, a hint of worry in his voice.
At that Tony snorts, his smile turns wide on his face. “That’s okay, Rogers. I got it,” he says, waving a hand off. “You can keep your money, grandpa,” Tony adds, walking by him, tapping on his shoulder as he passes by him, back to their table.
“Well, I did do all the heavy lifting. Literally, I lifted the heavy things. And sorry, but the security snafu? That was on you,” Tony reminds her.
In the following days he feels a slight kind of peace but there’s still a turmoil of thoughts he’s saving for later, for a time when he’s not about to do the one thing he’s dreamt the most about in his entire life.
Oh God.
"Yeah you were an angel."
"When did you relapse?"
A mumble. A yawn.
"Wait Pete -"
Tony had gotten good at waking up before he started screaming in his sleep with the years. First for Pepper, then for Steve, both had enough to deal with already.
"It's okay to cry, honey. If you need it or if you feel like it..." (the hypocrisy is huge here.) He pushed the thought aside. "My father had outdated views on a lot of things and he didn't think crying was an okay thing to do. And I just..." (internalised it, because no one can know how fucked up you are, or they'll sell it to people magazines or use it against you and you'll have to admit that Howard was right.) "I started to believe him."
"A few days," he admits.
He froze. Lack of sleep had never made him erase entire days from his memory before. Alcohol had. She left to reach the door, when her hand touched the doorknob, he called her.
