The small frown between Castiel’s brows smoothed out as he caught Dean’s eye. He blinked a little, like he just remembered who he was with. “Cats are fine,” he said, gruffly. “Fergus –
Cas tilted his head. There was only concern in his stupid handsome face. He wasn’t afraid, mercifully. Wasn’t pissed off like he should be, either though. Cas regarded Dean slowly, and it only made him angrier.
Dean nipped at Cas' lip and nearly blacked out at the sweet little double-hitched breath Cas took in surprise before he returned the favour. Cas' hands were on Dean's lower back pulling him closer, despite the strength of his shoulders holding Dean in place.
He glanced down at Dean to see him look off at something along the water’s edge. A young boy with floppy chestnut hair and a bucket came running toward them.
Cas looked at Dean’s mouth as he spoke. Lingered for one lecherous moment as he chewed on his own bottom lip.
Dean knocked Sam’s baseball cap down over his face. “How ‘bout you save your voice for ordering takeout? Jerk.”
He raised his head slowly, blinking against the lamplight; his neck not as stiff as he’d expected. He rubbed his tired eyes, and it was a moment before they settled on the plate in front of him.
Dean was still healing. Coping in ways Cas silently fretted over; forcing himself to call this distance between them a “healing space.” Dean was showing signs of improvement, the process almost frustratingly slow. Cas hadn’t allowed himself to regret the words he’d said that day in the dungeon. Dean had needed that truth. Had saved the world
Dean seemed to feel the glare Cas speared toward him. He looked over his shoulder, shooting Cas a questioning look. Cas’ mouth fell open, but he nodded.
Dean refilled Eileen’s mug. Sammy was already dozing with his head on the table, Eileen using him as a pillow.
Charlie tensed. Without thinking, she reached out and placed her hand on top of Dean’s. His fist was so tight; the whites of his knuckles so stark they swallowed the faint freckles dotting along them.
Dean turned; his gaze darkening as he regarded the naked man before him. He looked at Cas like he was the very dawning of the universe. His saviour that fought for him through Hell. His friend. His nerdy little guy. The love of his god damn life.
It was just passing ten thirty when they reached the street Cas lived on, and Dean was trying to ignore the pointed looks Sam was throwing his way. Castiel walked by his side, their arms brushing every couple of steps. The only layer between Cas and the elements was that damn black t-shirt. If Dean was caught staring, well, it was hardly his fault. Under the streetlights, Cas’ tan and surprisingly muscled arms were almost fully on display. Dean folded his arms, keeping the borrowed coat tight against his body to ward off the fast-settling chill.
At Dean’s feet was the black cat with the strange accent from the Sanderson house. Its tail pointed upward, the hair on its back spiked up.
Sam shrugged. “Dean wouldn’t know anything about that,” he said, watching Dean’s panicked reaction out of the corner of his eye.
Dean pressed the coat to his face and inhaled like some kind of freak, but it helped. He relaxed; his problems shrinking to smaller, more manageable sizes. Cas wasn’t expecting anything of him. Nobody was. They were giving him space because he damn well needed it. Charlie knew everything, and she wasn’t… she didn’t think he was…
Dean held up one hand, putting away the flask with the other. He breathed deeply for a moment. His heart was pounding; words swimming in his head that weren’t his own. Weren’t his dad’s either. He’d been dreaming…
was in the bathroom. But he thought of Cas in that moment when Dean had leaned in, unconsciously at first, then hyper-aware of their closeness. Of the decision he'd made when Cas' hopeful eyes had dropped to Dean's lips. Nothing about that had felt weird.
Cas squinted at the television, measuring the pain in the eyes of the man who would be king. He wondered perhaps if it was a human trait to bear irrational fear of the blood in your veins. Dean certainly displayed this behaviour; this belief that there was weakness in his blood. A thread of fate passed through generation, dooming him to the failures of his father.
At his feet, Ruby choked on the blood pooling in her mouth. Her fingers curled weakly around the wooden stake; black eyes returned to their former brown.
“You taught me to use my heart; question authority, to find the good in people and understand that they are worth saving,” Cas pressed a soft kiss to Dean’s lips. “You hide behind your shame, your fear, and your guilt. But I see you, Dean. From the moment I pulled your soul from Hell, I knew you. Loving you was the first choice I made as a free man. And I do - I love you, Dean,” Cas kissed him again. “I love you.”
When he’d changed back into his old clothing, sans the bloody trench coat, he handed the new clothes back to Dean exactly how he’d found them. Dean nodded. A silent smile ghosted his lips as he noticed the still-made tie. Kept smiling while he moved through the shop to pay.
His thoughts were so loud. His head so full he could hardly think. It had been weeks of this shit; weeks of feeling like something was going to pull the rug out from under him. That he’d blink and everyone would be gone again and Cas-
His least favourite was the waiting. There was a beautiful vulnerability to a sleeping Dean that Cas had otherwise scarcely experienced. He fought to appreciate it through the growing impatience. He’d already wakened Dean once after a particularly brutal nightmare that had Dean’s heart racing at a concerning level, but Cas was quickly coming to terms with the unfortunate reality that intercourse was not in the cards each time Dean jerked awake. Dean needed to rest and wearing him out only served to prolong that need. Instead he soothed away the nightmares with his grace, stroking Dean's hair with a look of wonder on his face.
to an angel? There were so many things inside Dean’s head and he didn’t know how to say any of them. But he wanted to, he realised. God, he wanted to.
“I see the gears turning in your head, angel,” the cat said smugly. “Take your time, you’ll get there.”
the guy someone gave their jacket to; he was the one that usually pulled out all the stops and made an effort for his dates.
What the fuck had Dean done? He’d just fucked up the one thing he cared about. Ruined whatever it was between he and Cas, because he was selfish, rotten…
Dean felt himself move toward the stranger before he made any conscious decision about it. Usually, he had a system for riddling out if a guy was into other men. He’d feel them out, flirt a little. But this guy hadn’t even opened his mouth before Dean’s mind went quiet.
But it wasn’t Jimmy that Dean spoke to with a kindness honed from only the sharpest of blades. It wasn’t Jimmy that lit up those emerald eyes with a spark of recognition and kinship. Though there was no possible way the man could know it, it was
Now he had Cas, but he was still the same old Dean. He was still going to be the hot-headed piece of shit who would kill any bastard who got in the way. He was still going to spend the rest of his life hunting. There was never going to be peace for him. Not really.
The thought of Dean, isolated and alone and sunken so deep inside his own mind that he had lost what little ability he’d possessed to communicate – Cas hoped, somehow, it was for the better. That Dean was finally taking the time to understand and cope with his own pain, rather than constantly taking on the burden of others.
Dean had walked the last block to the museum. He sure as shit wasn’t gonna be seen in no Tesla. He’d met Karla-with-a-K at the back of the line; tall, blonde, and gorgeous enough to be here sniffing around for a date with expensive taste. One look at Dean, and he knew the lady was barking up the wrong tree. But what’s a guy to do when a chick like that offers to show him
Sammy. The bastard fucking knew, alright? I don’t know how but,” Dean’s voice grew quieter, the stormy rage that had been building only moments ago now felt like a bucket of water had been thrown right over him. “He made damn sure I wouldn’t turn out this way.”
He had not known another taste of true happiness until weeks ago. On a night rent with tension; blood on his hands, and wide eyes filled with stars and hope before him. Nervous, overjoyed.
This was all so new to him. Whether his arms were wrapped around Dean’s shoulders or hips, Cas had never known such peace. There was so much he had to learn. Much he anticipated if this was to be a… formal arrangement. Cas paused the soothing circle he’d begun rubbing against Dean’s bare back and wondered.
Cas had hardly drawn a breath to scream Dean’s name when his friend moved. The demon dove backward, shrieking at the soulless girl for how close the bullet had gotten to her.
Dean ran his tongue along the bottom of Cas' fingers, eliciting a sigh that interrupted Cas' speech. Cas seemed to realise the mistake he'd made and pulled his fingers free. Fuck, he was gorgeous. Cas was-
He forced himself back into his jeans. Scowled at his reflection. One part of him was furious and ashamed; so filled with hate he was almost glad to see the ugliness within plain as anything in his eyes. Another part – a side of himself he thought had died a long time ago, left behind on the racks of hell – felt smug. Elated.
Charlie had winked, and Cas wondered if he’d missed an informal invitation to pry about her conversation with Dean last night. Somehow, he couldn’t bring himself to ask. If Dean wanted to be around Cas, he would have by now.
Dean laughed weakly. But a thought struck him. “You’ve really been hanging around with us all this time knowing that I- that I wanted to- “
Cas smiled, his hand running up Dean’s arm and coming to rest on his shoulder. Dean’s heart kicked up a storm. For one crazy moment, Dean thought Cas was gonna kiss him. He mentally ran through how bad he must smell after the fight. How badly he wanted to brush his teeth after all that candy. Mostly, he wondered how Cas’ bottom lip would feel between his teeth.
Cas glared up at him and Dean winked in return. He was still faking his way through the confidence. Knew Cas likely saw right through him, but it didn’t matter. He started slow, more for himself than Cas’ sake. The guy was good to go. He couldn’t believe there’d been a time he’d called angels “Junkless”. The angel beneath him,
Dean looked sheepishly at Stevie, hoping for some kind of moral support and finding none of it. Stevie shrugged, her eyes darting between Dean and Charlie as she sipped through her straw, her head leaning on the palm of her hand. Son of a bitch, she was enjoying this.
Dean. And anyway, there were girls involved in there somewhere. Sometimes. But that didn’t mean he wasn’t into women.
The demon pulled free and got to her feet, pressing two fingers into the bullet wound at Dean’s shoulder.
Dean was fast asleep in front of his open laptop. His head resting on his arms and the blanket Charlie had brought for him wrapped around his chair. At the angle he was sitting, his back would be in a world of pain tomorrow.
He muttered a string of expletives and watched them disappear over the hill before he crouched down, making damn sure that nothing was missing from his bag. When he was certain everything was there, Dean took a deep breath to calm himself.
As though Dean had sensed his gaze, he scratched the back his neck. Cas averted his attention in haste. Looked down at his hands and found them stained; knuckles crusted black with blood. Dean seemed to notice too. He sat up, phone in one hand, and reached out for Cas’ hand. Cas froze, watching Dean intently as he held Cas’ hand up to the light, turning it over slightly to get a better look. His fingers ran gently along the back of Cas’ hand, careful not to touch his bloody knuckles.
Cas’ mouth popped open. He closed it. He tried to speak again but the words were a tangle in his mind. He tried a smile instead; his best impression of that toothy grin Dean used as a weapon to get his way, and offered a weak thumbs up.
Dean was so loud. Too loud. Images passed unbidden through Cas’ mind – non-verbal thoughts that reached him as surely as the thousands of other prayers. His breath hitched.
Cas’ fingers buttoned the shirt in haste. He pulled on the new pants and wondered if they were designed to be so tight in certain areas. He frowned. Wiped some dried blood from the toe of his shoes using the sleeve of his discarded trench coat. Fully dressed, tie aside, he checked himself in the mirror. Appearance meant little to Cas, but he found himself fixing his hair, pulling at the sleeves of his new blazer. Surprised at the snug fit.
And when not to push it. If Cas could do that for Dean, Dean sure as hell could do the same for him.
There’d been a moment when Cas felt certain that Dean was going to kiss him. It was so unexpected. Until now, Castiel hadn’t considered indulging in humanity in the same ways his brothers and sisters might. The idea always rang too false to Castiel. What was the joy in embracing a human who’d never want him in return? He’d always believed it could only be the vessel the humans sought.
Cas shot Dean a look that had his friend smiling sheepishly.  But, of course, he relented. There was little Dean could not convince him to do. Nowhere Dean would go that Cas would not follow.
Cas squeezed him tighter at the words. “Does that mean you want me to stay?” He sounded so scared, so hopeful.
Dean gathered the witches’ bodies in the centre of the room. He riffled through drawers and the supply closet for anything flammable and eventually found a couple of dated cleaning supplies the museum staff had left behind. Pressing his nose and mouth into the crook of his elbow to shield from the noxious chemicals, Dean dumped them over the bodies. There was no cleaning a scene like this. Better to burn the whole house than risk some other poor bastards repeating his mistake.
The final sister looked up, smirking at Rowena. Which meant the witch in red, Dean realised, had been Ruby. Meg’s blonde hair fell just below her shoulders in a loose curl. Unlike the others, Meg wore fitted black pants and boots that laced all the way to her knees. A midnight cloak fell over her loose white shirt, the velvet ties almost concealing the obsidian crystals she wore about her neck.
Cas felt his grace fade to cinders in his veins, his wings going limp at his sides. He struggled against the warding, but the angel trap was too strong.
“What?” Charlie refreshed the live feed and sure enough, the time stamp had paused. She opened the smart camera settings on the laptop, quickly rebooting the camera and testing the feed.
Cas frowned, his feet carrying him closer to Dean without thought. He paused when Dean backed himself against the door, his wide eyes scanning the room.
“Let me see,” Castiel said softly. Dean only stared at him for a moment. There was a quiet vulnerability in those green eyes; a mixture of hope and doubt and something else Castiel couldn’t quite place. Dean cleared his throat and nodded, turning his back to Cas.
He stopped, mere inches between them as he spied something over Dean’s shoulder. The pendant lay in the farthest corner of the bathroom, its chain tangled with an iron bar Cas guessed had been part of the wreckage of the ceiling.
That Dean could do. He had a sneaking suspicion Bobby was trying to distract him with busy work. Heavy as they were, there were only three bags in the back seat, but Dean didn’t complain as he carried them up the steps and into the house.
Dean returned to the Bunker with more important shit on his mind than a stupid lightbulb, but Eileen wasn’t the easiest person to say “no” to.
He wasn’t an idiot. He’d done the usual checks; offered her a drink of holy water from his hip flask. No choking, no burning. She’d held his hand that wore iron and silver rings. No stink of sulphur, no black eyes. Karla-with-a-K was good to go.
Cas smiled, that full, toothy smile Dean had only seen a handful of times in all the years he’d known him. It knocked the damn breath out of him. “I think so.”
“Alright, scaredy cat,” Dean said, squeezing past Cas in the doorway. He stepped into the darkness with ease, looking back with a grin and a wink that left Castiel stunned on the spot.
Cas rolled his eyes and disappeared into the cubicle, feeling strangely self-aware until Dean hastily shut the curtains, separating them with the thin sheet. The veil between them had always been a flimsy thing.
Dean shifted, switching on the lamp to get a better look at the man laying naked at his side. He spoke slowly, quoting the words Cas had said as he riffled through John Winchester’s journal once in a motel room.
Every word on the page seemed to draw out the noise in his head, and in the end, Dean stared at the paper in silence.
He should be happy; should be so damn grateful that it was over. That Chuck was dead, that everyone was back. Cas included.
For a moment, Cas wondered what might happen if he adopted a guinea pig. If he were able to train it to live a mostly nocturnal lifestyle, there was a chance the Winchesters may not ever notice its presence.
Sam swatted Dean away and audibly gasped at the house they stood in front of. As if only now realising how huge it was, they looked at each other with stunned expressions, silently communicating what the other was thinking.
Cas stood from his seat at the table. It took every ounce of effort he had to spare not to panic at the situation. He often missed the full power of his wings, but never so much as he did right now.
The skinny blonde dude stood on a low wall, and Dean knocked him off with a swift kick to the back of his knees. The guy yelped. Dropped to his hands and knees. But Dean was already gunning for his pal.
Dean cupped Cas’ cheek; his hand warm and trembling. Cas didn’t move. Didn’t dare close this distance between them. Only hours ago, they’d been closer than they were now; naked and vulnerable. Now, the air was charged with a question that hung between them. One Cas could not bring himself to speak aloud.
It’d been weeks of this shit and the best he’d been able to do was one-word answers that were usually closer to a grunt in response, like some kind of cave man. Some days were better than others, and sure, the worst days were getting farther apart, but that didn't make them any less fucking awful.
Dean took a step closer, barely inches between them. His thumb ran along Cas’ jaw, stopping at his chin. He cleaned away some of the foam with a slow brush of his thumb, skimming the bottom of Cas’ lip. Lingering.
The sound of something hitting the counter startled him so bad he almost dropped the mug right at his feet.
He knew that. Being a hunter, that line could be blurry as shit sometimes. If it was even there at all. But Dean knew he wasn’t inherently bad.
He remembered all those nights, those cold showers and long drives and broken conversations… because he’d been close. So fucking close to figuring this thing out. To admitting what he felt for Cas. To himself. To the angel. There’d been so many moments over the years that had been charged with that same energy he’d felt when Cas’ lips were on his.
Cas tore the door from its hinges, letting it fall to the floor with a resounding boom. The stained-glass windows at the side of the building shuddered, but no sound of hurried footsteps followed from the floors below.
Dean’s back hit the bedroom wall, the force of the impact sending a lamp shattering to the floor. His belly lurched like he was going to be sick.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Bobby’s out for the night. Wouldn’t say where he’s going, but I bet it’s a date.”
After the library, the footage of Dean grieving his death, Cas had begun his sleepless night watching romantic comedies on Netflix. He’d quickly grown irritable at the predictable happy endings; instead switching to documentaries on house pets, which led to an extensive google search on emotional support animals. It was a welcome distraction.
The broken mirror in the corner the only sign of his past destruction. The one he’d looked into the night after they’d killed Chuck. The night after everyone in the world came back safe. Everyone but Cas.
Somewhere at the other side of the garage, Charlie had found them. Had seen the first brush of Dean’s lips against Cas’, and turned away, lying to Sam that there was no sign of his brother and best friend.
With a quick glance at Cas, Dean pulled back the sheets and got to work. He managed to knock the pendant from Cas’ wrist without hurting the guy. It fell to the floor, glittering in the dim light of the lamp. Dean dragged it along the floor with the iron bar, far as he could get it from Cas.
It was a challenge locating his clothes in the mayhem they’d created hours earlier. Cas zipped his pants, frowning as he spied the sleeve of his shirt stuck beneath Dean’s ass. It was a strange sense of pride that filled Cas’ chest then; his smile sheepish and secretive.
Dean swallowed hard. He missed Cas, too. He was right down the hall and Dean hadn’t so much as looked at the guy since he’d got him back.
Part of Dean wanted to laugh. To make some dumb joke. The best he managed was a small smile, but that seemed more than enough for Charlie.
Dean took to a fight like a bird to the open skies. Cas watched him in terror and admiration; bloody and furious and beautiful.
he knew. Because of that damn deal. But in those initial weeks it had taken before he’d finally rescued Cas from the Empty, he’d hated it with every dark and bitter shred of his being.
If you enjoyed this, please consider leaving kudos and/or a comment! I love hearing what you guys think.
“There’s something I gotta say, Cas,” Dean started, slowly meeting the angel’s gaze. Dean was nervous. He was -
With the witches gone, Sam decides to be a pain in the ass little brother. But with pizza on the way, Dean and Cas finally get a little alone time together.
The place looked good. It was a far cry from the mountains of books and weapons and odd car parts in Bobby’s own house, but the dude had really made a home of the place in the last couple of months. The ex-haunted house was warm and smelled vaguely like cinnamon. Dean smiled wistfully at the mess of homework littered on the kitchen table.
“I’m –“ Dean thought about it for a moment. “I think I’m good, Cas,” he smiled, and it was the first genuine smile he’d felt in months. Years, maybe. “You… are you doing okay?”
Sam wasn’t scary by a longshot; if anything, the words served a reminder that he was still just a kid. He didn’t need to be involved in Dean’s crap.
Cassie had understood him. He’d shared more of himself with her than anyone. It was Cassie who helped Dean accept himself and his sexuality. Who showed him that its okay to want what you want. To be who you are. She recognised the conflict inside him and taught him how to live along side of it. But Dean could never be a whole person with someone. He wasn’t even sure he was
Dean pulled the robe on, falling into autopilot mode as he made his way back to his bedroom to get dressed. Cas hadn’t come back from wherever the hell he’d zapped off to, and Dean was still in a fog when he poured himself a coffee in the kitchen.
There was once a time when Castiel had almost stepped on a fish, back when the world was young and god as he knew him still spoke with the angels. Still poured his conditional love, crafting the scenery of what he’d always intended to be a battlefield. Cas' brother had stopped him stepping on that fish.
was a risk that Castiel could not afford. To allow himself to want was to take a step on the path of disobedience. It had always been different for him, he knew. The other angels, they knew their place. They meddled with human lives as though it meant nothing, because in truth it never did. Not to them. The other angels posed no threat to god’s plans, because they understood their role.
“Wow, slow down man.” Dean sat up, elbows resting on the table. The dark wood was cool against his skin and he felt the weight of Cas’ gaze as Dean rolled down the sleeves of his flannel.
“You comin’, Cas?” Dean called from somewhere to the left of the door. There was a soft thump and Dean let out a hiss of pain.
“Look, I don’t care if angels don’t have fucking souls, Sam. This thing is cursed, there’s no telling what the hell it’s doing to Cas.” He paused, finally finishing warding their room against those sons of bitches. There was no way of knowing if they could track them here.
“No need,” he said. “The handsome one with the pretty green eyes you were with already slipped me the cash. Have a good night! Come back soon, you hear?”
“You want a go?” a male voice to Dean’s left asked. The dark haired man in leather pants gestured up at the small stage.
All the light in Cas’ eyes seemed to wink out. Dean took a step back, terror rushing through him. Fuck.
When Dean visibly relaxed, he continued. His throat bobbed. “I was stupid. I went in lookin’ a bar job, even though I was only seventeen. Maybe eighteen. I don't know," Dean said, though he sounded sure enough. "Flirted with the lady in charge, like that would give me a leg up.” He let out a bitter laugh. “They called me lady-killer, pretty boy, all that crap
It was a Sunday afternoon - the first Sunday she’d spent without Stevie since they’d been Thanos snapped with the rest of the planet. Peter Parker was right – that shit was no joke. Charlie didn’t want to admit it, but for once, the idea of a whole weekend to herself wasn’t gonna cut it. So, when Sam’s Bat signal came through, Charlie was out the door and rolling up to the Bunker without a second thought.
For a guy who once tried to take the name ‘god’, Dean wondered if Cas knew he had more grit than Chuck ever showed. Cas had landed them in some deep shit over the years, but the dude cared. If Dean had the words and the balls to say it, he’d tell him. Tell Cas exactly how much he’d changed. He wasn’t the angel Dean had met in that barn all those years ago. Even back then, some part of Dean had trusted him. But Cas – Cas was someone different to
There was an ocean between him and the angel. Even when Cas was human, when it felt like that bridge between them wasn’t so impossible to cross, Dean knew he had nothing on Cas. The shit that guy carries with him - and no escape from it. No amount of alcohol would drown it out for Cas. No sleep – though Dean supposed his own long nights of endless nightmares weren’t much of an improvement. No sex - although, Cas could get it, if he wanted. From girls, he corrected himself quickly. If the guy even enjoyed that kinda thing.
Crowley had said nothing when Castiel questioned what that meant for his fate. In truth, there would be no hard feelings on Cas' part if the witch’s son perished. He was a terrible flirt, a leering, evil –
The day he’d first kissed Cas, the day he told him he loved him, that was when Dean had first tasted freedom.
One last chapter to come on Thursday! If you liked this please consider leaving kudos or dropping a comment here or on tumblr @pointyearedelvishprincling
“Dean?” Cas’ voice broke on his name. The question that held so much weight. He wondered how he could pray for strength when all his remaining faith rests in the mortal hands currently testing the last of his restraint.
“You’re afraid,” Cas said, his voice small. Broken. “What have I done?” The words were meant more to himself than the man in front of him. Terror gripped him blindly, punishingly. An unholy reminder that his selfishness was the downfall of the people he loved most.
Dean scratched his head. Sam would be cool with it. He’d be an asshole about it, but he wouldn’t – Dean didn’t think Sam would disown him or some shit.
Cas allowed the warmth of his quiet joy to seep into his smile. “Not the kind of elves you might enjoy, no.”
He considered asking Dean about it, but therein lay his dilemma: Cas could not ask Dean to reveal his truth without first revealing his own. No, he thought. Better to wait it out. Give Dean and Sam the chance to come forward on their own.
The wooden floorboards began to shake beneath their feet. Dust plumed from below like an ominous fog, and every lightbulb in the building exploded one after the other. The cat reappeared as if from nowhere, diving for the youngest boy’s shoulder and screeching as it slapped at the dancing black flame.
The trick to sleeping next to Cas, Dean was quickly learning, was to keep the angel’s face buried in his chest or neck. Any other way and Dean was damn sure to wake up with the dude’s face inches from his own. Staring.
Cas nodded. He briefly explained the situation of the museum. All the while, they moved closer to one another. By the time Cas had finished speaking, Dean was a foot away, swallowing hard. Demons and cops were the last things on his mind.
“I’m not,” Cas said firmly. When Dean nodded sarcastically, Cas continued. “Dean, you will never understand what it’s like to live for millions of years and only learn what love truly is from the most fleeting speck of brightness you’ve ever known in the universe. Your life is a blink in the span of my life, but because of you I learned to love. I fell for you, Dean. In every way I could,” Cas smiled, huffing a small laugh. His eyes brimming with tears. “So, please don’t tell me you’re sorry for any of this. I don’t care how big a role I play in your life as long as you’re safe and happy. But what I
“Teenagers,” Bobby nodded sagely, and by the look in the man’s eyes, Dean was under the impression he was very much being included in that statement. Bobby checked the clock above the stove and frowned. “You boys gonna be okay on your own tonight? M’gonna be outta town ‘til morning.”
Dean padded down the stairs to the sound of Sam answering the door to the pizza man and Cas muttering to the hissing cat.
The angel looked at him like he was the most obnoxious petulant child. But Dean knew how to turn on the charm. “How about this? I buy the beers and you drop me back here before Sammy gets back? Cool?”
Dean poured three mugs of coffee to take to the Dean Cave. He knew he wouldn’t be getting much sleep tonight. It wasn’t so bad, having a partner who never slept. Except for the waking up alone in the middle of the night thing, he guessed. Cas swore he never minded staying while Dean slept, resting his head on Cas’ chest; the angel’s steady heartbeat a constant reminder that he was safe. He was home. Tonight though, Dean knew that wouldn’t cut it.
“You should go to him.” Eileen smiled pointedly, but the look in her eyes was clear enough. She wasn’t who Dean should be hanging with right now.
Not for the first time that night, Dean’s voice whispered in prayer along the wavelength that was Castiel. Though Dean never opened his mouth, Castiel heard the words clear as day.
Cas’ voice was quiet in his confession to the man he considered worthy of reverence. Shame did not lace his words as he spoke of how John Winchester had fallen to his knees at Cas’ wrath. He felt no guilt in describing how he’d broken the bones in John’s hand, using gentle finger tips on Dean’s own hand to map out the damage. He didn’t share the words he’d told John that night; the words the man had forgotten in a haze of pain and alcohol. He and Dean both knew the warning to keep his fists far from his sons was pointless - one selfish act free of subservience couldn't change John Winchester, and most definitely couldn't alter the path of the Michael Sword. But that didn't mean Cas was content. Didn't mean he'd ever view Dean as some kind of weapon.
“Cas…” Dean cleared this throat, starting over. “Cas, you told me that the one thing you wanted was something you couldn’t have. I don’t know if that’s still… still
and fuck. Fuck. This was it. Dean repeated the motion slowly, winking at Cas as he slid his tongue over the slit. When Cas' hand fisted in Dean's hair to draw him closer, Dean fought hard to stay focused on the task at hand. He was impressed with himself; it had been a while. A long fucking while. But he'd never enjoyed it like this before. Dean braced his hands on Cas' hips and rocked him forward until Cas started moving on his own.
Cas stood straighter. Finally getting angry. Finally looking at Dean the way he deserved to be seen.
“Was wondering what was takin’ ya so long to ask,” Bobbly gloated, casting his eyes up the ceiling. Above them, the soft sound of pacing footsteps creaked along the floorboards. At Dean’s silence, the older hunter kept talking. “The kid’s doin’ good, Dean. Hell, he’s doin’
He didn’t understand it then, whatever it was between them. He just knew he wanted Cas close. Safe. But that didn’t change the fact that he was Dean Winchester. He was poison. The best place for Cas was as far away from Dean as he could get. So, Dean always let him go. And always regretted it the moment he did.
Dean tore his gaze away. Took another step back. He shook his mother’s words from his head. Shook it all out. There was a line here, and he was toeing it.
Dean found himself nodding along, his brows pinched together. “And that’s good, right?” he heard himself say.
It was like this most mornings. He’d waken with the worst moments of the past few weeks blended together, no idea where they’d ended and when today had begun. The night before coming back to him slowly. After he’d kicked the drinking thing, for the most part, it was less like wading knee-deep through mud, having to pry out the details with more effort than he had to spare, and more like the memories coming back to him in steady, rolling waves.
The hunter rubbed the flat of his hands along his own thighs, frowning hard. Cas didn’t need to see his soul to recognise the darkening of Dean’s mood.
The map he scanned told him exactly jack shit, but Dean remembered the house pretty well from the brief stop outside one night after dark. Stuffing the papers back into his pockets, Dean hopped off the wall and made his way along the sidewalk. If a couple of leafy piles happened to get kicked around, well, wasn’t like anyone was around to see it. Someone should really rake this shit.
Even as Dean described exactly how John’s actions contributed to his terror of being himself, of falling in love and openly being with another man, he assured Cas he wouldn’t change him for anything.
“Shit,” Dean tore off his flannel, tying it around his waist. Cas tried not to stare. “Man, if the wrong son of a bitch finds that…”
Still, Cas couldn’t bring himself to force a smile when Dean mumbled “later” and half-heartedly waved him off.
There was another set of double doors further down the room; the top quarter cut through with stained glass of every colour, matching the windows outside. Between them, Cas spied a room filled with chairs; many of the seats already filled. The auction would be starting soon.
Dean licked his own lips. He watched mournfully as Castiel buried himself in that damn trench coat again.
“Cas,” the word was choked. He tried again. “Cas, are you saying I… that we've... that I kissed you before?"
They were quiet for a moment as Sam left the kitchen. Cas stood still, staring at a spot on the floor, concentrating on the sound of retreating footsteps until his line of sight was broken by another set of feet. Cas looked up to find Dean standing before him; his pupils blown wide and lips slightly parted.
He ran his hands through his bedhead and decided it was beyond fixing. He switched on the shower and waited, cold and naked and too aware of his own body, until the water heated up.
“You’re telling me you had no idea those two were hot for each other?” Stevie drawled sarcastically, pausing her massage of Charlie’s scalp.
The change between them since that day at the meadow had been easy. Dean’s nerves had been shot; terrified that Cas regretted his words. That he hadn’t meant what he said before the Empty had taken him. That he loved Dean, but not in the same way Dean loved Cas.
Dean couldn’t accept that. Not six months ago, when the whole world and everyone in it had almost died because of him. Because he hadn’t pulled a gun on himself. Hadn’t given up enough before he’d caved, offering himself and his brother in exchange for Cas’ life.
Dean blinked. "Second drawer in the night stand. Condoms under the books, lube's in the holy water bottle."
On the opposite side of his coat, he found the mixtape, and quickly offered it to Sam’s outstretched hand.
“Dude, come on,” Dean was on the verge of begging. There wasn’t much he’d beg for, but god damn it he needed a win. A nagging feeling told him that there was still a chance Cas wasn’t into him – wasn’t into guys at all. And there was the distinct possibility that maybe he was into Dean but wouldn’t want to act on it. It was always a roll of the dice. Dean had the gut feeling Castiel was worth it either way. “You wanted to go to the museum, I wanna – “
Sam laughed softly, evidently addled by exhaustion. “Do you think… Cas, you think there’s a chance Dean’s soul left a mark on you, too?”
Dean waved half-heartedly. Even through the dark and distance, Castiel recognised the glint of pain in the man’s eyes. He walked with a slight limp, his shoulders rolling sharply occasionally. There was no sign of the absurd hat he’d worn, and his black shirt was nowhere to be found.
Dean looked at Castiel and saw not a celestial wavelength of intent with a true form that will burn out his doting eyes and bleed his ears. He saw strength. He saw himself; his arrogance and martyrdom, and stubborn will of steel. He saw a thing of beauty; blue eyes that see beyond Dean’s surface to the good and bad within. He looked at those soft lips that have burned his skin in shameful kisses in selfish dreams. Strong hands that had never eluded the depravity of his mind either. And a face that has not belonged to some holy tax accountant, not in all the time Dean had known him.
Dean settled next to Cas on the sofa with only the pizza box to separate them. Sam curled up on the armchair with a handful of slices stacked on top of one another on a plate. He picked off pieces of pepperoni, dropping them on the wooden floor for the cat to pick at.
Overhead, Dean spotted the black cat running along a beam. It caught Dean’s eye for a split second and blinked hard before shifting its attention elsewhere.
“Yes, that sounds… that would be lovely,” Castiel said quietly, his eyes still wide in alarm and embarrassment. “Thank you, Sam.”
Cas smiled apologetically at the young boy. “Your brother is right, Dean. The house belonged to the three Sanderson sisters; Rowena, Ruby, and Meg. Back in 1793, they were hanged for the killing of young children.”
“Pie,” Sam said, like it was a full sentence and the only thing Dean ever wanted to hear. “And beer. Figured… I don’t know. You’d want to celebrate or somethin’?” Sam shrugged, looking like he was trying way too damn hard to be casual.
“Play nice, sister,” Rowena said. Her voice was sickly sweet, and Dean was reminded of the witches in children’s storybooks. If there was one thing he’d learned from all the nightmarish creatures he’d faced – all the worst monsters came in deceiving packages. Rowena turned to Dean again, and though her smile was warm, her black eyes were anything but. “I will not ask again, boy. Was it you that summoned us from the grave?”
Rowena turned slowly to face the blonde witch with eyes vast and cold as the darkness between the stars. Raising a single auburn brow, she primly replied. “We’ll see.”
He spied the glass of water and gratefully chugged the half of it, ignoring the loud protests of his empty stomach. The whiskey, he was glad to see, he hadn’t touched.
But there’d been no need to fear it, no point in overthinking it, because loving Cas and letting himself be loved in return was... it was the easiest thing he’d ever done. Dean never thought it would be possible, but just like all those years they’d spent as friends, when they’d hunted together, silently communicating, trusting each other to have their backs – that next step just made sense.
Cas takes a walk in Dean's dreams and sees a whole new side of him. Dean finally learns what's been eating Cas these past few weeks.
Cas felt the edges of the dream darken as Dean’s mind drifted to the past. There was little he could do without interrupting Dean, besides quietly edging that darkness away with his grace.
There was a small winding staircase in the corner of the room leading to a small circular window up above. Dean took a seat about half-way up. He didn’t have to be around long to know that his little brother likely spent half his time holed up there, sticking his nose in a book. The piles of pillows and discarded soda cans were evidence enough.
He tilted his head. “I don’t understand. How can salt protect you from old boyfriends? Unless you were romantically involved with a ghost…” Cas cut himself off as that crooked smile reappeared on Dean’s face. He set the package aside and stepped forward.
Dean’s tongue felt too heavy in his mouth as his eyes trailed over the half-naked angel in front of him. The guy’s head was tilted like a confused puppy; the tinsel halo nodding over his forehead. Once his brain was done rebooting, Dean mentally kicked himself into gear.
Castiel had once been one of Heaven’s mightiest warriors. But there were times, when he fought at Dean Winchester’s side, that he wondered if this man who’d been raised a solider was what humans called a “kindred spirit”. Cas had been to Earth before – watched this universe evolve from particles. Chain reactions of small miracles that lead to oceans and galaxies, flowers and bees, airplanes and ridiculous cars that poisoned the Earth that had been so long in the making. This world was an illusion of free will; a grand play of good and evil, true horror and endless beauty.
. He’d admitted to Dean, even in those early days, that he didn't fit the same as the other soldiers of Heaven. Angels were dicks and Cas sure as shit had his moments too.
He made a fresh cup of coffee and without overthinking it, he found Cas sitting alone at the world map table watching one of his Netflix shows on his laptop. Dean sucked in a breath, pausing at the doorway for half a second, and ploughed ahead.
the weirdo, dude”, Dean threw out his hands in defeat. “Fine,” he huffed, reaching into the back pocket of his jeans and pulling out the pizza money. “I’ll give you ten dollars if you go.”
Dean laughed then. A full, belly laugh he could hardly control. “Jesus Christ, man” he said, turning to Cas when he finally managed to control himself. “I’ve been thinkin’ this whole time, you never even said a damn word about John, besides…”
The cat shrieked at the witch. Dean retrieved his bloodied blade and took half a moment to watch in bewilderment as the witch argued with the cat. Argued – as if she understood every word it said.
The cat nodded. “That bloody…” Crowley hissed, taking a moment to compose himself. “She stole my partner,” the cat said quietly. “Elijah. I caught them, sneaking out one morning after dawn. The poor man looked like he didn’t know what hit him.”
He could do it, Dean realised. Cas could kiss him right now and there was nothing getting in the way this time. There was no way in hell Dean could tell Cas what was going on in his head, but-
Meg was sniffing around the back door now and Ruby inspected the broken chair, tutting to herself as she repaired it with a lazy wave of her hand. The chair leg Dean had snatched from Sam tugged against Dean’s grip, summoned by the spell the witch had silently cast. Dean held fast, gritting his teeth and fighting a losing battle.
The air around Cas began to vibrate. This was terror. This was true holy terror he felt as he watched the demon pull Dean’s head back by his hair. Blood covered the demon’s fingers, and Castiel felt the fury ripple through his true form as he noticed the cut at the side of Dean’s head.
Dean turned his attention to the other witches. One was very young; not much older than himself, Dean supposed. Three hundred years in the ground, aside. She had dark chocolate hair that shone like silk under the candlelight, and her eyes so dark brown that Dean imagined for a moment they were black. Her dark crimson dress was a similar style to Rowena’s; its matching hooded cape run through with black embellishments. She looked the part of a pretty convincing Little Red Riding Hood, but Dean didn’t have to look too deep to recognise this was a predator no wolf could rival.
Freedom was always this thing that never even came close to Dean’s radar. Small, every day choices weren’t always his to make. Less so when it came to his own self; his own mind and future.
Still, he slept fitfully, dozing in and out. Expecting Cas to be next to him every time he opened his eyes.
“All those years wasted for nothin’,” Dean shook his head, his smile sarcastic, though his eyes betrayed him.
He didn’t enjoy thinking about Chuck – what he’d done to humanity. To his friends. What he’d tried to do to Dean.
Dean didn’t have the most pleasant history with dogs, so Cas reluctantly closed the tabs on local shelters. He didn’t recall Dean speaking fondly of cats either. Cas had been thirty minutes deep into research on caring for guinea pigs when he picked up on the sound of familiar footsteps.
Charlie ruffled Dean’s hair and quickly sat down before he changed his mind. She scooted closer, looking between Dean and the closed laptop. “So… what are we watching?”
Cas had spent countless quiet nights learning how to act on his feelings for Dean but had never truly considered the possibility of reciprocation. Not in any long-term sense, at least. Carefully, he rolled Dean off his chest, pausing to be certain the sleeping man didn’t stir. He pressed a sweet kiss to Dean’s forehead and got out of bed with much regret.
The low murmur of voices sounded outside the door seemed more than enough to snap Castiel out of his surprise. “Dean,” he urged. “Sam. Get out
Cas breathed and breathed. He rested his palm flat against the door, lingering only for one godless moment longer before he fled.
It hit him then, as he loved and loved and loved the joy in Cas’ eyes. He was never lost with him. He was
Suddenly, he was nervous. He hadn’t been nervous about this kind of thing in years. But this was Cas. This was important.
Shit, if that wasn’t all Dean needed to see. He grinned back, jumping the final few steps and pulled the old man in for a hug. “Hey, Bobby,” he mumbled into the older man’s shoulder. Bobby smelled like motor oil and rocksalt and gingerale; exactly like he always did. God damn, it was good to see him.
Dean’s heartbeat spiked in his chest at the sight. His wide eyes tracked Meg’s leisurely journey around the room.
Seeming to realise the conversation wasn’t gonna get anywhere, Sam trudged upstairs with the book, Catstiel trailing behind him.
Dean’s head spun with every attempt to wrap his mind around it. That it really happened; Cas telling Dean he loved him. Cas kissing him against the wall that way he’d kissed Meg a couple years back. The image of which had definitely
Cas considered leaving Dean in this city. He could find his way back to the bunker. Call Sam if he must. But the image alone of Dean taking public transport was enough to wash away some of the restlessness.
The cat cocked his head in the direction of the Sanderson house. “Mother always was the jealous type.”
“Angel Radio,” Cas replied simply, still sifting through thousands of voices. Angel Radio – he’d hated the name at first, but it had grown on him. All of this had – humanity, hunting. The Winchesters. How quickly he’d rebelled for the sake of these mortal souls. For Dean.
“I sure hope so,” he winked. Damn it, maybe Cas was right. He had half a mind to call the guy back to him and take the hit, but- it was nice, he thought. He and Cas hadn’t hung out like this without Sam in... hell, in
Dean felt his stomach twist in knots. Nice as it was, this was not what he wanted to talk about right now. His heartrate shot up and his brain kicked into automatic, throwing out the
Sam choked on his beer. Dean looked up to see Sam fighting back laughter. It took longer than Dean had the patience for Sam to realise it wasn’t a joke.
Dean nodded automatically, and Cas sensed that he was lost somewhere in his thoughts. They’d gone through quite an ordeal for something seemingly so small. But the implications it held, the damage it could have inflicted. The lives it had already ruined. They both knew Cas could have retrieved and destroyed the pendant hours ago if he’d been alone but perhaps… perhaps the extra steps had been worth it.
“Cas, I’m sorry. I’m so – I’m so fucking sorry. Man, why did you stay? You should have left, should’ve – wait, is that what today as about?” Fresh horror turned his blood to ice in his veins. “Cas, please tell me this wasn’t you trying to leave today, man.”
sure? 'Cause I don't know about you but... man, I don't want this to be a one time thing. We don't gotta go all at once. We don't have to do anything you don't wanna do. I mean, even if you never want to-"
It was a good thing, the angel decided, that John Winchester was already dead and residing in the depths of Hell. Cas wasn’t sure how it might affect his relationship with Dean if he were to kill his father. To make him suffer every wound, seen and unseen, he ever inflicted upon this wonderful man.
“Hurry it up, Sammy! The witching hour’s about to begin,” Dean chuckled to himself as he double and triple checked his appearance in the mirror. He fixed the parting in his hair, using a tiny glob of gel to keep everything sitting just how he wanted it. The sunlight shining through the window haloed his hair, bringing out the blond he'd inherited from his mother.
Dean stood there until the steam filled the room. Until the dark cloud in his head dissipated beneath his burning scalp. Until his breaths were short and his ears were ringing; his hands trembling and the prints of his fingers wrinkled. Until his skin was so pink and pained that he no longer felt the chill of his father’s ghost like a second, twisted conscience in his mind.
Castiel felt that hollow nagging in his chest at the thought. It wouldn’t be fair to Dean, he knew. Though Dean was certainly no master of the art of truth, Castiel couldn’t lie to him. Not about this.
Dean’s answering smile was so soft, Cas felt it like a crack in his chest. He wore a smug smile of his own when Dean's widened eyes trailed down to the borrowed t-shirt he wore. There was a heavy silence for a moment, before Cas understood.
The woman passed the alley, steps hastening almost to a run. Beside him, Cas heard the knuckles in Dean’s fist crack, the soft pop of his spine as he straightened and rolled his shoulders.
“Easy, kitten,” Crowley winked. With about twenty knives subtly pointing at him, the dude wisely shut up.
“What’re you doing here?” Sam asked, and this time there was no accusation in his tone. If Dean didn’t know any better, he might have thought there was a little hope in his brother’s voice.
Sam’s frown slowly slipped from his face as he stared down at his feet. When he looked up again, there was only genuine curiosity in his eyes. “Why
Dean shot him a look of discontent, but there was no hiding the glee in his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, I’m done. What do you think?” He asked, gesturing down at himself with a roguish wink.
Cas watched, transfixed on the bird’s eye view of the memory that had played itself on a loop in his mind every moment he’d been in the Empty and every day since. All this time, he’d wondered what had happened in the moments following his death.
As always, Eileen was still up, sitting at the table with a mug of tea warming her hands. Dean gave her shoulder a squeeze in greeting and she smiled. A spare mug already waiting for him in the space opposite her.
Dean’s life was such a small, delicate thing compared to the infinity that was Castiel. Dean had his whole life ahead of him, and yet the angel recognised the weariness and resignation that came with being indebted to your family.
Cas wondered if there was another meaning to Dean's words. He tilted his head. “For the demon, yes. But we still have those souls to save, Dean.”
Perhaps it should have been concerning, the ease in which Dean carried the horrors he’d seen and done only hours ago. Castiel wondered if that, too, was a human trait: to endure something so difficult, and then continue to do just that.
Dean rounded the corner outside of the tailors. He hadn’t noticed when Cas had slipped off, but it was a relief to see him again all the same.
He wanted to tell Dean that the gesture was unnecessary. That he was grateful. That Dean looked better – that there was finally some colour to his cheeks and light behind his beautiful eyes. But then Dean had spoken, and the relief at hearing those words felt as though the weight of the universe had been lifted from Cas’ wings.
In the twelve years he’d known Castiel, Dean had changed, too. No longer was he this faithless, broken shell of a man. Just as Cas was no longer the angel that had fallen in every way there was to fall when he’d raised Dean from hell. Somewhere along the way, Dean had found his faith in his angel alone. And Cas had found his love, his family, himself, in Dean. And maybe Dean didn’t have the words today to say all that. But someday.
Dean sat back in the chair trying to recall the dream, leaning into the warmth of the blanket. Finishing off the first slice, he wiped the pizza grease on the knees of his old jeans and tugged the blanket closer to his chest. It smelled good. Smelled like –
Without warning, Cas pushed Dean against the wall. Finger held to his own parted lips, eyes beaming a warning into Dean’s. In all his years on Earth, Cas had never seen eyes quite like his. Not in that shade. Not with that quiet defiance, the war of self-hatred and survival burning in ever-greens.
Pinning Dean to the wall – that, he did not regret. Dean was a brat. Lost in his delusions, drowning in his own anger. Cas knew Dean was not entirely at fault - had felt Dean’s remorse battling through the rage. But though Cas knew better than to give in, Dean’s words cut just as sharply. Especially those he left unsaid.
Cas’ grip tightened on Dean’s hip as he yanked the glass shard the rest of the way out. He felt the vibration of Dean’s low hum of pain through the bare contact of their skin, and hastily removed his hand.
Cas still hadn’t come back when Dean returned to the hotel room. He was getting antsy – they had to be out of here before somebody saw how he’d trashed the room. Dean decided he didn’t feel bad about it, as he scrubbed the devil’s trap from the floor. Didn’t feel one bit guilty, even if he brushed up the broken glass and wiped away the salt from the windows.
Dean blinked, a full theatre of emotion playing over his face. Learning about fictional heroes who dressed in capes – which still seemed impractical to Castiel – was an unfortunate side effect to spending so much time with the Winchesters. It was worth it, though. For that briefest moment of pleasant surprise on Dean’s face when Cas could keep up with his endless obscure references. Learning to decipher Dean’s… unique dialect had taken time to understand. And tune out.
Despite it all, Dean seemed… happy. Which meant one of two things. Either Dean was faking it and really needed a win or… he truly was enjoying himself on this Take-Your-Human-Charge-To-Work day. Even if Cas’ plans had long been altered since this morning. This was becoming as close to a regular hunt as any other, but Dean seemed content with Cas taking the lead. Telling him what to do.
Castiel wondered what the cat’s relationship woes had to do with his current circumstance. “Get to the point,” he urged. “They’ll be coming back any moment.”
Castiel had not known happiness. Not until he’d found his family - not in the angels he’d served and fought by and against. But with the Winchesters. With humanity.
Dean groaned. "Thought you were done with the hunting life, dude?” he mumbled to his brother. Castiel assumed by the hushed tone that Dean hadn’t meant for him to hear that. There were only two kinds of
Dean clinked his bottle against Bobby’s before taking a small sip. God, it’d been so long since he’d had a cold one. He leaned an elbow against the white counter, eyes shut as he paused to appreciate the taste. And to prepare himself.
Dean saw red. He heard the crack of bone in Ice’s nose before he even realised his fist had moved. His knuckles ached, but it felt good. He felt alive.
Dean blew out a shaking breath to steady himself. He followed Cas into the kitchen. Sam was back from the bathroom and riffling through a drawer full of take-out menus. Castiel stood in the centre of the kitchen, the bright light haloing his messy hair.
“Great,” Dean said, wriggling his brows at Sam for the sole purpose of annoying the kid. Turning back to Cas, he said, “You sure you don’t need to go get anything while you’re here? Party seems cool.” If it weren’t for the dude hogging the mic during karaoke, Dean might have pushed to join in. By the look on Cas’ face, that party seemed to be the last place he wanted to be right now.
Cas had gotten used to shut doors and walls between them. Sometimes those walls were too much. Other times, not nearly enough.
Dean tapped Sam’s left shoulder and managed to swipe one of the discarded paper balls from his other side at just the right moment. His brother jumped out of the seat, tearing his headphones out of his Walkman in blind panic.
he’d agreed to come. The Sanderson house was long abandoned but even after three hundred years, it still posed a threat. It was perfectly rational to want to protect humans from inevitable harm, of course.
Before he abandoned them, he stared down at their eyeless faces. Black scorch marks of those corrupted souls staining the vessels that deserved better than what Castiel had given them. He prayed they found their way to Heaven – that their families would find peace.
Charlie and Stevie rushed out the door, promising to return soon. As soon as they’d buckled up in the car, Charlie’s phone buzzed with another text.
But Mary was smiling as she gently lifted Dean’s chin, forcing his gaze to meet her own again. “I’m so proud of you, Dean,” a tear spilled down her cheek and Dean’s heart lurched. He pulled her into a hug. The scent of hairspray and tequila filled his nostrils. Not pie, not blood, not any of the usual things that now reminded him of his mother. Now he knew her as a person, not just a wish. A dream.
For a few long minutes, neither Charlie nor Dean moved a muscle. It wasn’t until the Dean on screen was sat with his back against the wall, tears streaming down his face and the bloody handprint of Castiel's stark on his shoulder, that Dean shut the laptop again.
Sam grabbed Cas by the wrist, tugging him away from Dean and the Sanderson house with insistent whispers. Dean winked at Cas, ignoring the bewilderment on the guy’s face as he shut the broken front door behind him.
Dean laughed softly, gaze dropping to the finger of his left hand that didn’t yet bear the promise of that happy ending he was still convincing himself he deserved. He felt a twinge of that old fear he swore he’d never let in again. It crept at his mind, his heart. Not after today. No, Cas was his and there was nothing keeping them apart. Never again.
“C’mon, live a little, buddy. If Jody got through her Take-Your-Daughter-To-Work-Day with Claire…” Dean cut himself off, no doubt remembering the shifter Claire had killed in a public jail cell before lunch.
Dean bit his lip, his face somehow even paler than before. The look he gave Charlie right then was so vulnerable, so close to pleading that Charlie only blinked in response. She had no idea what to say as Dean booted the laptop and pulled up an old camera feed.
Dean waved vaguely, his eyes still on Castiel. “Yeah, yeah,” he said to Sam. “We’re goin’. Still up for pizza, Cas?” At least he had the good sense to feel embarrassed at the barely concealed hope in his voice. God damn it, what was he doing? He barely knew the guy, and yet…
“Anyways, I’m here because the time has come for you to answer for your crimes,” she tilted her chin, looking down at Dean from across the table. Surprise lit her from the inside out when Dean hummed something that sounded like “huh?” “It’s movie night, my friend. And tonight, we’re watching The Fellowship of the Ring. Extended. 4K. In all its glory.” Charlie said the words like she’d just offered him a check for a million dollars.
Cas sat on the sofa, holding the paper with unsteady hands. It hadn’t been there before. He was sure of it. Which meant Dean must have slipped it into his coat before he returned it that morning.
Cas planted his feet; a human act, as though he needed to steady himself. It was a habit he’d formed, a means to pass the time in the space between seconds. He’d learned how tiring the weight of your own body could be during his brief stint as a human. Besides, it was comforting to them, these random restless movements. Mortality was all about distractions.
John Winchester never said another word to Dean about Sam; had shut him out every time Dean so much as tried to bring it up. But Dean had overheard the hushed phone calls. The arguments.
Cas looked like he wanted to roll his eyes again, but he nodded. “I never would have done it if I didn't believe you wanted me to.”
Cas hadn’t noticed the demon blade laying by Dean’s feet. Using his own near-death as a distraction, Dean picked up the knife with his good arm and threw it.
It was decidedly unwise to start a fire in a hotel room. Dean argued that he could stick a sock around the smoke detector, crack a few windows. Cas threatened to fly Dean somewhere far and finish the job alone, so they’d agreed to burn it on the roof of the hotel.
He turned, eyeing up the opposite street for someplace to sit. The lone bench was occupied by a couple of middle-aged ladies. A man stood nearby; head tilted to the side as he frowned down at his coffee cup. Dean bit his lip to stifle his laugh at the tan trench coat and thought “no way I look more suspicious than
But Dean could not read his angel now. Could not speak the words he needed to say. That he needed Cas to hear. Even if the words made him leave – and Cas always left. Every time Dean thought it would be different. Every time, he didn’t have the balls to make the change.
Cas stood in the shadows beneath a blackened tree. The field was much like the one in Illinois Dean had crawled from after Cas had raised him from perdition, rebuilding his body atom by atom, freckle by freckle. The place was barren; grass scorched and overgrown. He watched Dean, tears in his ever-green eyes as he buried the soulless girl from the museum. Buried the initial vessel of the demon. The three men he’d been forced to kill afterward. He dug each grave with his hands, nails bloody and broken. And when he’d finished, there was Sam's body. His mother’s. Bobby’s. Cas' body.
Dean tried to throw his ass back, but the demon didn’t budge an inch. She was a full foot shorter than him but god damn it, she was strong.
Cas rolled his head along with his eyes, returning his attention to the screen. This place, this home of the elves, reminded him of the mountains and glens in an area in Switzerland he’d once been stationed. That was many years ago now; the vessel he’d used long dead and fertilising the earth.
Charlie shoved his shoulder playfully. She smiled at Dean, mischief glittering in her eyes. But whatever was brewing in there, Charlie kept it tampered down. “Did you know?” she asked quietly, her smile so warm that Dean found he didn’t want to blow her off.
“So, what? You gonna kill him for it? It’s just a jacket, dude, who cares?” Sam pushed. He was being facetious, but it was the kid’s tone that made something in Dean go cold.
“I was human once,” the cat began. “Went by the name Fergus back then, but I’d prefer it if you call me Crowley.”
“Spare me the monologue. What do you need with a thing like that anyway?” Dean gestured toward the pendant with the gun. “Not enough demon deals these days? Got nobody willing to pucker up for you? I gotta say, I’ve had a bit of a dry spell myself lately but-“
But it wasn’t. They were gonna have fun at this heist thing, damn it. And then he’d get to the bottom of whatever the hell was up with Cas. He’d never seen the guy so amped up. Dean had no idea what Cas did when he wasn’t around – had given it more thought than he could afford, if he was honest with himself – but he had a feeling it wasn’t beating up bad guys and saving stray cats from trees. Angels might be these unknowable beings or whatever, but Dean knew his best friend well enough to know when shit was up.
They carried the pizza boxes to the kitchen. Dean opened several cupboards before finding the right one. He pulled out a plate, gathering the pizza leftovers to store in the fridge.
As he spoke, Dean’s attention wandered over the guy’s form. He was tall - just about an inch shy of Dean. A little nerdy looking, but in the cute way; not the annoying know it all kind, like Sam. His hair was almost jet black; the soft strands swaying in the October breeze. He couldn’t be more than a year or two older than Dean. Definitely no older than twenty-two, Dean figured. He was all sharp cheek bones and innocent smiles, and these amazing lips that Dean could easily stare at all day long if it weren’t for those eyes. He’d never seen any that blue before.
A hand waved in front of Cas’ face, recapturing his attention. Jordan smiled at him, bright and lovely. He said something about Cas’ tie; a compliment Cas thought. Or a flirtation?
“I can’t go by myself,” Dean scoffed, making his eyes go wide and his voice all high like a little kid. “It’s a full moon tonight! The weirdos are out.” He curled his lip and crossed his arms and when Sam only snorted and muttered “you
So, Dean prayed to Castiel. Prayed that he’d heal. That he’d come back to him. That he’d forgive Dean – for everything. Even if Dean didn’t deserve it, he’d do anything for Cas to be okay. Dean’s fingers trailed through Cas’ hair. The touch comforted him, probably more than the angel, but Dean was too scared to overthink it. He hummed a couple of Zeppelin songs; an old comfort. An easy way to trick himself into breathing normally again.
An awkward silence settled between them as they walked through the streets, finally re-entering the land of the living.
Cas smiled at Dean; the perfect picture of wide-eyed innocence and openness. If Cas had a soul, the guy would have just laid it out for Dean. But Dean had felt the eagerness in that kiss; the years of pent-up restraint fraying at the edges.
. Because this felt right. Dean felt right. Better than anything he'd ever felt before. Cas felt each tiny cosmic rebellion they'd both caused throughout the years; each moment that brought them to the precipice of freedom. He saw that freedom now in Dean; saw it in the glow of his beautiful soul, heard it in the unintentional prayers from the man now pinned beneath him on the bed, guiding Cas at first, slowly, carefully, before they found their rhythm. Cas felt the knot in Dean’s chest fraying away to nothing as Cas moved inside him.
“I can hear your prayers, Dean,” Cas’ voice was like gravel against Dean’s skin. He’d meant it as a warning, but Dean took it as invitation. When Cas heard exactly what Dean was hoping for, he closed his eyes as though he were praying, himself.
Dean squeezed his back against the wall, making himself as small as possible in the corner gap between a cabinet and bookshelf. Years of hunting experience won out over his flight or fight instincts; he had to see what he was up against before he acted. There was no sense in running out now and getting turned into a toad or some shit the second they lay their eyes on him.
Dean locked the Impala and leaned against the door, staring across the street at the Phoenix. Going by the name, it had sounded like one of those nerdy bars Charlie was into – and, okay, maybe Dean was admittedly a little excited at the prospect, too.
Stevie pointed to the door on the screen. The handle was turned down, as if it had been pulled loose and left dangling. To the left, a thin slit of light was visible, breaking up the shadow of the door.
Dean met him halfway, faking left and plunging the demon blade into the bastard’s neck when the demon went to grab for him.
Cas felt a rush of heat through his veins, his power surging through him. He tested his wings and felt them lift slightly. Slowly but surely. He glanced down to the angel trap drawn on the floor – now broken by the pool of blood leaking from the original vessel.
“Everybody else,” Dean gestured dramatically toward the front door. “Doesn’t know that! And witches suck. Pick something cool.”
Dean shook his head, breathless and hardly able to string a conscious thought together beyond how badly he wanted Cas and how desperately he needed him to know that. He knew his eyes were probably heart-shaped and popping out of his head, but fuck, the way Cas was looking at him right now...
“Shut up,” Dean warned. “Not you, Cas. Castiel,” he pondered for a moment. “What kinda name is that anyway? Sounds biblical.” Castiel froze. “Your parents religious nuts or something?” Dean pushed. They started toward the gates of the graveyard and the empty street beyond.
Dean knew he should be pissed at that, but he felt the corner of his eyes crinkle with the small smile that pulled on his lips.
Both hands resting on either side of the sink, Dean looked himself over once more. Didn’t find anything immediately amiss. Nothing had changed. Nothing at all. It didn’t mean shit.
“I’ll help you clean up,” Cas said dully, gently pulling away from Dean. His eyes closed of their own accord as he felt Dean’s fingers slip from his. The loss of contact was good, he told himself. Lied to himself.
Despite himself, Castiel huffed a laugh. The room was indeed webbed on almost every surface; the museum long gone out of business. But dust and cobwebs aside, everything else appeared to be intact.
Cas beamed when Dean moved to stand next to him. Sam’s mouth fell fully open when Dean threw one arm around Cas’ shoulder, the other splaying out in a dramatic shrug. Though Dean was grinning, Cas felt the cold sweat on his skin, the frantic beat of panic through his veins.
Dean held out two of the packages, shooting Bobby a questioning look. “Old boyfriends, huh? You scared Rufus is gonna come knockin’ for you?”
Dean’s belly lurched but a steady hand kept him upright. This time, Cas looked him in the eyes when he healed him. Dean’s vision swam, slowly coming into focus through the hazy light of the angel’s grace. He squinted as the glow of Cas’ eyes faded into that deeper blue of his irises.
Caught out, he made his way to the table on hesitant feet. He didn’t understand why he was feeling so nervous. This was his family. His home.
Screw it. He had no idea where he stood but what the hell. Not like he had anything to lose. “Well, in case Jimmy Hendrix shows up tonight, here’s my number,” he grinned.
Five sets of footsteps muffled by the carpet on the top floor. There’d been no one around, not this late in the night. Sunrise wasn’t more than an hour away.
“Maybe, maybe not,” Sam said. “According to the lore, and pretty much any modern history book, there were a lot of innocent people accused of witchcraft.”
When Dean made his way back to the bedroom, he nearly choked with relief. He dropped onto the bed before his legs gave out on him, sitting next to Cas. Already Cas' colour was a little better. Dean rested a hand against Cas’ forehead – still cold – but not the ice it had been moments before.
Cas had waited until Dean padded to the bathroom, muttering and swearing about electrical cars and some kind of “uber” driver, before he flew.
Dean scowled, fighting off the blush on his cheeks. Didn’t matter who they were, he thought, as the performers started in on “Livin’ On A Prayer” by Bon Jovi – some songs you gotta sing out loud with your whole heart or don’t bother at all.
He managed not to spill the coffees on his trek to the Dean cave. He cracked open the door and found Cas and Jack transfixed on some cartoon. Dean chuckled, passing them both the warm mugs and taking a seat between them.
with me, Dean.” His hand tightened imperceptibly on Dean’s shirt as he pulled back, looking directly in Dean's eyes again.
Stevie groaned. “Fine,” she said, drawing the word out in defeat. After a moment, her eyes lit up, and Charlie cocked a bow at the mischievous smile that crept on Stevie’s face.
In the end, he’d given up on that particular section, instead exploring the rest of the non-fiction titles. There truly were books on everything; books on bees and flowers, on cooking, and cars, and knitting. One of the books that intrigued him followed a man’s journey with different forms of therapy. As it turned out, there was a type of therapy for almost anything. Cas filed that information away for another time.
he grumbled. “Ain’t you boys a little old for trick or treatin’?” When Dean only shrugged, Bobby pulled out his wallet and handed thirty dollars to Dean. Dean held the money in his palm like it burned him. He swallowed hard; knew better than to try and argue it out. “Order yourselves a pizza on me,” Bobby said, his voice kind and his words final. “And no parties,” he added, with a knowing twinkle in his eye.
Dean opened his mouth and closed it again. There was a short pause before he said, “I’ll walk you home.”
“S’cuse me,” Sam said, patiently waiting for Cas to move out of the way. Castiel hesitated for the barest moment before letting the young boy through.
“Why?” Cas’ voice was low enough to rattle along Dean’s bones; gentle enough that Dean felt the weirdest urge to pull the dude into a hug.
He’d wanted this. God, Dean had wanted this for so long he couldn’t remember a time when he didn’t. When he wasn’t starving. It was… fuck, it was a lot to figure out.
Dean snorted. Cas made it seem easy. Like it was the most obvious thing in the world. How did you even say that to someone like Cas? Not because he’s an immortal all-powerful being, or a guy but… Dean would die for Cas. Knew they’d die for each other over and over like idiots. He’d tear the fucking world apart for Cas. Even the thought of something happening to him had Dean tear off the bedsheets, pacing the room like a wild animal.
“Yeah,” Dean said, his voice trembling the barest amount. As he spoke again, Castiel noted how Dean’s voice deepened once more. “Yeah, three of ‘em. All… dealt with. Easy as pie.” Castiel ignored the false brightness of Dean’s tone. Slowly, carefully, he began removing the largest piece of glass. Dean hissed and Cas froze, bracing a steadying hand on Dean’s hip.
Cas poured the holy oil over the pendant. Dean handed him the lighter and Cas felt the warmth of Dean’s fingers as they brushed his own. The fire burned pink at first, and Cas blinked against the light of all the souls that soared free from containment. He wondered if Dean could see them. What he would make of them if he could.
He didn’t finish the sentence. Dean stomped on the stake protruding from Ruby’s chest, impaling the screaming witch to the floor.
Dean cleared his throat once more. Castiel didn’t turn to see the expression on his face as the man spoke, but he detected a note of disappointment all the same. “Yeah, we should probably…,” Dean trailed off.
It was a small surprise to feel the shift in priorities, the depth of anguish, that varied from location to location. He’d been human himself once, yet even now the vastness of their vulnerability struck him with such force. His father had truly abandoned them all. These faithless children he’d made in his own image.
Dean sighed, so long that Cas wondered how long he’d been holding his breath. How long it had felt like he’d been holding this in.
Dean twisted the silver ring on his finger as the bus crawled through the sleepiest town he’d ever laid eyes on. Nothing but dusty old mini vans and a backdrop of rust-coloured leaves lined the autumn streets. His gaze settled on a giant stack of leaves right at the entrance to a park. Once upon a time, Dean would have made a beeline toward the thing and had a blast. But he was nineteen now, he reminded himself. He wasn’t a kid anymore.
The sun had gone when Dean awoke to a silent room. He twisted in the sheets, reaching out an arm and finding the space empty.
Dean’s back was killing him. He moved to sit against the headboard, fingers still occasionally stroking along Cas’ forehead. This was fine, he told himself. He needed to take care of the guy. Cas had healed him. This was the least he could do.
Love didn’t make you homesick in your own damn house. Love didn’t burn out your appetite and set your whole damn mind on fire. Love didn’t crush your heart in your chest. Dean knew love as this thing you had to work for. It was tough and it
He cleared his mind. Picked out the song on the radio - a classical tune. Tinny, as it echoed through the shop. He listened to the cars in the miles down the road, the crying of a child in a stroller a few streets away. Anything else.
Dean wiped at his damp eyes, lowering his hands to look at the empty left side of his bed. The sheets were still neatly tucked into the corners. Dean’s throat tightened. All those weeks Cas had been gone, Dean couldn’t bear to make his bed. To accept that the small space he’d quietly built in the hopes to share would never be filled by the one person he wanted.
The movie faded to the background as Dean and Cas got to talking. He wasn’t sure why he told Cas the truth (or the safe version of it, at least). About his dad, what he was like. About his mom. He dreaded seeing pity on Cas’ face, but instead he only seemed annoyed on Dean’s behalf.
“Second of all,” Dean continued. “Explain. Why are we in… where the hell are we, anyway?” He gestured to the busy streets beyond the alley. It was a small miracle they hadn’t been caught.
Dean’s hands dropped from Cas’ hair. He stepped back, admiring the mess he’d made. Cas’ shirt half untucked from his pants, his hair all sexed up, tie loose and backwards. “Is that right?” Dean asked distractedly. He licked his lips. “You look pretty good with your feathers all ruffled, you know that?”
He shook his head, a smile pulling at the corner of his kiss-swollen lips. He looked at the man in the mirror; emerald eyes shining, skin marked with the evidence of what they’d done.
Cas flew to the doorway, dropping down behind the five men that had hardly begun sprinting toward Dean. The two at the back, Cas grabbed by their collars and smashed their heads together, burning the demons alive in the vessels.
Cas frowned, looking up at the brothers who were once again speaking in that incomprehensible way of theirs.
“You do this often?” he asked, allowing himself to ogle her outright. He loved when someone else took the reins.
All those other encounters he'd erased from Dean's mind… Cas was glad to hold those memories dear to his heart. For both of them. He’d played them over and over in his mind every sleepless night. During every argument, every hunt, every quiet moment in the Impala.
“I don’t know you very well,” the angel said, knowing he spoke the obvious, “but I imagine you’re a very easy person to love, Dean Winchester. I hope you know that.”
Cas rolled his eyes at the memory of Dean’s voice in his head just as another crept to the forefront of his mind. They didn’t need Dean’s records. He had a tape of his own, made for him especially by Dean.
So, Dean did the one thing he swore he’d never do. The one thing he knew he’d never deserve. He placed a hand on Cas’ cheek, the other resting on his neck.
Dean had warned Sam what they were looking for; asked him to research spells and curses in the bunker’s library. If anyone knew what it was to be without a soul, it was Sam Winchester. Cas cringed, an old guilt weighing on his heart.
“You kidding me?” Dean scoffed. Something about Sam’s reaction had him breathing a little easier. Like he was finally starting to get that Sam wasn’t gonna treat him any different. Dean relaxed his shoulders, throwing down his fork to add a little flare before he took his brother to fucking school. “You telling me you don’t know shit about James Dean? Bowie? Joplin? Freddie Mercury? Hell, I’m pretty sure every one of those dudes from Green Day are-“
Instead, Cas brushed his thumbs along Dean’s cheeks, falling and falling and falling for every freckle, every faint scar and hitch of breath. Cas stood with his back to the sunrise. He’d watched that sun rise every day since the dawn of time, but never like this. Never reflected in green eyes that looked at him as though he belonged. More than fate, more than family. This was rebellion. Choice. Castiel had waited for Dean Winchester before the stars were born; before their atoms split and every soul that ever was and ever would be were created in that moment. God had never planned for this kind of anarchy.
“Having fun?” he wanted to sneer, but the words never rose from his throat. Stevie got the message all the same, grinning innocently at Dean and his suffering.
Cas reached out with his grace alone to a heavy rusted barrel and sent it crashing into the demon closest to Dean. The demon fell, crushed beneath its weight but still struggled to get free. It took little more than a thought to push down on the barrel, keeping the demon pinned in place long enough for Cas to reach him. Smite him.
Dean scowled, explaining that he’d left it in Cas’ pocket that morning. Of course the guy had to know about it.
Another slow, contemplative nod. Dean realised with a sinking feeling that he still hadn't got a name. “Yes. Probably. This town is small so…”
“You can’t go there,” Castiel said hurriedly, his wide eyes on Dean and his head inclined meaningfully toward Sam. If there was some kind of silent message he was trying to relay, it was lost on Dean. “The museum closed down a long time ago. It’s not safe.” The words were pointed, clipped.
Cas returned to the hotel, to one part of his own small family. His tie skewed and clothes bloody. He found Dean sprawled on his front on the larger bed. No shirt, no socks, hair still damp and spiked up in every direction. Dean waved distantly, and Cas heard Sam’s voice through the speaker of his phone. Cas nodded slightly in greeting, eyes trailing over the freckles on Dean’s broad back; more scattered than those on his neck.
Dean grinned. He couldn’t help it. Hell yeah, they did. The first time Sam had caught them at it, Dean’s ears had burned so red with embarrassment that his brother took mercy on him. Sam had said nothing, just quietly left them to it. Though Dean figured it was more to do with the look in Cas’ eyes; the adorable way he managed to look all hazy and doe-eyed but still half-menacing at the interruption. After that, Dean kissed Cas every chance he got. Didn’t matter who was in the room. Unfortunately for Sammy, Cas was always just as eager.
“Nice sleuthing work, Sammy.” Dean peered out the window at the hoards of little kids dressed in Halloween costumes, buckets stacked full of candy held by their older brothers and sisters. Times like these, he couldn’t help but feel like a parent on a kid’s first day at school. He missed when his little brother idolised him; when he didn’t talk back and choose paths that would eventually never cross with Dean’s again.
“Tell me again,” he said, pressing soft kisses to the angel’s cheeks, moving across his nose, all the way to Cas’ temple.
Dean riffled through drawers, coughing at the dust that plumed in the air at the disturbance. Sam traced a finger along a collection of books that Castiel suspected were not bound by the leather of cows. Featherlight footprints scurried somewhere in the rafters overhead, and the angel hoped for all their sakes that rats did not haunt these rooms.
“We might need your help,” Eileen said, gesturing to the multiple bags of decorative items abandoned in the centre of the room. Cas spied candles and colourful streamers in their midst and wondered if he’d somehow forgotten an upcoming birthday. He mentally checked through a list of dates and came up short.
Castiel’s fall was gradual. It took acceptance. Self-hatred, self-righteousness. He’d been lost and broken, but always,
But he would find him soon. He’d fix this. They’d fight together; put down all those bastards, right a few wrongs.
“This ain’t over,” Dean’s voice was quiet, deadly. He looked each of them in the eye before turning his back on them, gently steering Sam back in the direction they’d came from.
Dean wet his lips, his breathing slightly shallower than normal. “I dunno, man. People don’t really… No one notices shit like that.”
Eileen shot a guilty look at Sam. Sam’s gait was awkward, although Cas often thought Sam was holding back some information or other. He’d grown used to it over the years, regardless of how often his suspicions were correct.
Fuck. This was all his fault. If he hadn’t stalled – hadn’t tried to trap that demon, get the intel from her, Cas would still be…
“I meant what I said this morning, Cas. ‘m not changin’ my mind. All of this is…” Dean paused, his eyes blurred with the threat of tears. “It’s gonna take me time – man, I don’t know how long or if I’ll ever get there, but I want to. I want…
Cas quickly thought it through. Of course, it was possible. It would explain so much more than just the effects of the pendant. Cas hadn't returned to his true form since entering Jimmy's vessel. But the angels - they, of course could see him as he truly is. Cas' mind retracted back to all the snide comments over the years; those claiming Dean was a
Dean laughed, his head tipped back. Cas’ breath caught as the wayward rays of sunlight exposed every hollowed shadow on the dip of his neck, his jaw. He was not staring at how the light met and passed though the blaze of Dean’s soul, nor did he dare notice the exultant joy and barely perceptible rush of relief that shone in Dean's eyes.
Almost four hours passed, and Cas’ thoughts spun in unhelpful cycles, drawing comparisons between fiction and reality, wondering all the while if Charlie had chosen this movie with an agenda in mind. If she had, she didn’t reveal her purpose, though Cas remained suspicious. They switched off the television, making their way around the Bunker in companionable, and in Charlie’s case,
This chapter was one of the hardest to write. The line between accepting their own feelings and realising the other could possibly feel the same was always blurred for Dean & Cas. Especially with their mountains of other burdens on top of *gestures vaguely*  all that. They are both so stupid (affectionate) but I wanted to stay true to their hang-ups. We're heading toward the finish line, though, and it'll all pay off tenfold. I promise. Hang in there!
She wasn’t sure how long had passed before she turned to her friend, tears filling her eyes before she could help it.
He didn’t know why she was using one of the spare rooms, and maybe Dean’s mind was still half-stuck in the Phoenix, but either way he didn’t think to question all the decorative crap in the room until the door slammed shut behind him. And the lock clicked into place.
Dean shut that thought down. He glanced at Sam; his arm curled around Eileen, smiling like damn puppy at her. She looked beautiful. They all did – Claire and Kaia. Charlie. Mom. Hell, even Garth and Bobby scrubbed up well. Who knew? The Roadhouse looked more or less the same; a few extra chairs, a couple bunches of flowers and shit. Green and blue banners strung up around the bar, and the smell of pie wafted from the kitchens, making his mouth water.
Instead of driving home so late, Cas convinced Charlie to take Jack’s room for the night. He missed his son. It had only been two days since Jack had gone on a camping trip with Jody, Claire, and Kaia. Cas found himself wishing he’d gone along with them, but he recalled the parenting books he’d read. It was important for children to socialise without their parents. The rules were perhaps inapplicable to a Nephilim, but there was an unfortunate lack of guidance for their precise situation.
The stubble above Cas’ lips brushed the top of Dean’s. The small scratching was surprisingly pleasant, and it was all Dean could do to keep from shoving his tongue down Cas’ throat.
Dean squeezed his palms to his eyes, elbows digging into the mattress. He stayed that way for a long while, until his knees ached so badly he had to get up. Until his fear eased and he remembered that he had choices. He had the tools to fix this shit. He was more than just the monster he believed himself to be. More than just the ghost of John Winchester.
Cas, however, was entirely unfazed. By the heat, of course. “I’m going to steal it,” he said, distractedly, casting his eyes up at the cloudless sky in the small gap above them between the towering buildings. “The angels believe it is fallible to holy fire. Once it is destroyed, they say the souls will return to heaven. If their hosts are… no longer with us.”
Dean looked at him then. Really looked. He couldn't voice it aloud, so he said it all in prayer, breaking eye contact to kiss along Cas' knuckles again.
“Probably not for a few hours yet after your boy got at them. He’s a vicious little thing,” Crowley said, with slightly too much admiration in his tone. “You should see him in action. Like a d –“ he paused as Castiel’s eyes glowed once again. Crowley’s voice was quiet as he continued. “She killed him in the end, my Elijah. Corrupted him to the last. Don’t think the poor bugger knew what he was doing under her enchantments.”
Cas focused. Swallowed hard. It was an effort, always an act of defiance, to lay a hand on Dean. The gentle palm he placed now on Dean’s clammy cheek was hesitant, stubbled skin cool against his palm. For the most wonderful, greedy moment, Cas could have sworn Dean leaned into the touch.
Of all the damn words in the fucking world to leave his mouth. Dean put his head in his heads, his ears burning.
Sam looked at his older brother with such pride and delight. “Yeah, I think so,” he agreed. “I’m really happy for you guys. Seriously."
Cas’ favourite part of watching over Dean was the small pout the man’s full lips formed when he was at his most relaxed. Or perhaps it was the close proximity; the hands that reached unconsciously for Cas, fingers curling loosely around his own.
“Missed you,” Dean mumbled in response, getting comfortable in the sofa. He was getting as gross and sappy as Sam, but he didn’t care. He didn’t have to.
“I’m telling you, man, we are not breaking into that place looking like a pair of lumberjacks.” He trailed his eyes up and down Cas’ form, which was a completely normal thing do to in this case, and added, “well, one of us anyway.” His smile deepened. Not flirting. Just goofing around. Like guys do.
Cas brought Dean’s hand to his lips and kissed him once on each knuckle. Though Dean couldn't see, he knew his angel was smiling. Knew those big blue eyes he’d fallen stupid in love with were shining.
The angel smiled slightly. He held Dean’s gaze as strongly as the first day they’d met in that barn. When Dean had stabbed him in the heart. Now, Dean stood before Cas with his own heart on the line. But before Dean could speak, Cas was on him.
Charlie noticed the paper Cas held out in front of him. The way Dean shoved his hands into his own pockets, staring down at his feet.
“Try as you will, boy,” Rowena choked out. “The black flame candle shall not be spent until the night is through. And mark my words, you will not live to see the dawn.”
Dean’s fingers hardly brushed Castiel’s when three sets of heavy footsteps sounded down the hall. Dean wrenched the blade from Karla’s – Kristen’s? - chest, the guilt of failing her threatening to crash over him.
The cat glanced toward the trees where the Sanderson house lay beyond. When he looked back at the angel, he inclined his head in a gesture Castiel took for a nod.
“Sammy’s got a girl,” Dean cut in quickly, subtly giving Sam the finger out of Cas’ line of sight. “He writes her dorky letters. Such a sap,” he smirked.
He leaned against the door, listening to Dean and the lady speak. She wore a cross around her neck, though Cas was certain it was not the jewellery Dean ogled when she wasn’t paying attention. Cas narrowed his eyes at the woman when she tucked a lock of brown hair behind her ear, looking up at Dean between long lashes.
Dean choked on a mouthful, coughing and slapping the table until he could get enough air in his lungs to speak. “
“Hey, hey, I’m fine. Everything’s okay, swee– It’s fine, Cas. Nothin’ happened,” Dean explained. “This is… it’s old news, alright? Ancient history. Just some old bullshit.”
Hours passed, and Dean didn’t know when he’d shifted to lay down. His eyes were heavy, and he drifted in and out. It was fine. He was above the sheets. His boots were still on. They were just two guys. One friend looking out for the other.
Dean made a show of rolling his eyes and moved to step down from the redecorated stage the kids has set up. But Sam was faster. He clapped Dean’s shoulder as he passed by and cursed the demon soundly when he broke the trap with a scrape of his blade. Dean had a couple words he’d like to say to Crowley, too, before things got ugly, but a gentle hand shifted his attention back to the makeshift alter.
“Sweet,” Dean said. If this were a real date, he might have put an arm around the guy. Maybe brushed his knuckles against Cas’ hand a little to see if Cas would curl his fingers around Dean’s own. But it was cold, and he was hungry and smelled like gross milf witch blood and there was the small matter of their third wheel.
Humans, Cas had grown to learn, lived in fear of failure and success in almost equal measure. Once an agent of fate, Cas had broken free of god’s plan. Had disobeyed and rebelled against his own father so thoroughly that Chuck could no longer write his story. Cas’ failures were his own to bear. He was not bound by the sins of his father despite being his creation, just as he was not bound by those of Jimmy Novak, despite finding a home in his former body.
Dean shredded the last of his beer label, scowling at mess on the floor. It was a relief when Cas disappeared into the bathroom with his new suit slung over his shoulder, shutting the door tentatively behind him.
Cas’ eyes filled with tears as he sped up the footage, expecting to see Dean get to his feet and to go to his brother’s aid. He glanced back at present Dean, feeling a twinge of guilt for invading his privacy while he was so close by and unaware. But this was the closest he’d come to understanding Dean since Cas had told him the truth.
he wasn’t good enough for Cas. For anyone that gentle or good. His insides squeezed with an onslaught of panic that he’d somehow taken it too far. That Cas, as much as the poor dude meant well, had to be confused somehow. Dean’s thoughts spiralled; his heart racing as his past gripped him tight and seized the joy he’d just experienced before he ever got to turn it into hope.
His eyes fell on the open laptop, intending to close it and move it out of damage range from the glass of water, when he noticed what was on screen. He frowned, carefully leaning closer and squinting at the dim light of the footage.
As promised, more Cas! I've never written pre-seasons Cas before so any feedback is SO appreciated! <3
Dean was… beautiful. Not only in the cosmetic sense he’d learned humans fret over. There was a gentleness to Dean that Castiel couldn’t quite comprehend. There were layers to how the young, freckled man presented himself. He spoke in half-truths and incomprehensible riddles and appeared to shy away each time he appeared too vulnerable or earnest. Dean was a puzzle, and Castiel was impatient to see the finished piece.
different. But part of him felt like, if he ever came out, people would just assume he still needed to pick a side. He imagined what Charlie would say in this situation. That he had no need to choose, even if he could. No one had a gun to his head about this. And if they did, well… Dean didn’t need a gun to shoot that shit down. Attraction was attraction, and sex was sex and
Dean inhaled a sharp quick breath. Another. His fingers tightening around Cas’ hand. Cas gently squeezed one of Dean’s fingers back, eyes shooting open in concern.
Minutes passed before he cleared his throat. He spoke to an audience of none with a voice little more than a croak.
Dean stuffed his face. Angry eating was never a great idea before a hunt but screw it. When he finished the burger, he lifted the cover from the plate of pizza. Wrinkled his nose at all the green shit on top. Were those basil leaves? He picked all that crap off and dug in on a slice.
Sam answered on the third ring. Dean didn’t wait to hear his voice – as soon as the dial tone interrupted, he was talking. “Sammy, I need your help.” Dean began rattling through drawers as he spoke, not sparing a fuck for anything he knocked over.
More images reached him, even through all the miles between them. Dean on his knees, looking at Cas in that way he often did. There was trust in that expression. Reverence. But something else, too, that Cas could not dare put a name to.
“Told you, it’s Crowley now,” the cat hissed. Castiel held out a glowing palm and the cat only tilted his head, daring Cast to act. “Go ahead, angel, try it. Kill me and see how long it takes before I’m back.”
The final demon swung a metal bat toward Dean. Cas flew, throwing out a wing just in time before the bar crashed into the side of Dean’s knee. He snapped his wing back just as Dean kicked the demon’s elbow, breaking bone and causing the metal bar to drop with a loud clang, rolling out of reach.
“Aw come on, Sammy, I thought you missed me?” he was being obnoxiously loud, and Sam’s ears burning crimson only spurred him on. Sam briskly marched away, his eyes trained at his feet. Dean followed his brother around the corner of the building where the bikes were parked.
It was probably the longest sentence he'd strung together since before that night in the dungeon. Dean’s heart beat a wild rhythm against his ribs, but his mind was clear as a bell.
He felt something brush against his ankle, and Dean looked down to see the cat staring up expectantly at him. Dean was no fan of cats, either, but he bent down to scoop it up. “This is your lucky day, buddy,” he said before something cold trickled down the back of his neck. Dean cursed. The fucking sprinklers had kicked in.
Castiel shook his head. “You aren’t used to your surroundings. You act like you’re at home, and yet you don’t know where things are kept,” Cas wasn’t sure why he said it, but he couldn’t seem to stop talking once he’d started. Perhaps he was stalling. Or maybe he just wanted Dean to know that he was seen. That he wasn’t so insignificant as he thought. “You don’t have a key,” Castiel continued. “I noticed you let your brother unlock the door. He looks up to you, follows your lead. But here,” the angel met Dean’s eyes, and continued only when Dean gestured in permission for him to do so. “In this house, you seem… careful.”
Cas paused. He half turned toward Dean, one hand on the railing of the stairs. Eyes cast downwards, the angel shook his head. “It is… Heaven business. I don’t know when I’ll return.”
One thing Cas knew for certain – he and Dean had to stop almost losing each other before they could communicate.
He wasn’t the type for hot showers, but Dean stood under the scalding spray. Letting it burn away the cold shame that crept on him. The horror that he knew,
“Come on, I’ll take you,” Eileen offered out a hand. Charlie schooled a nervous smile back on her face and linked arms with Sam’s babe of a girlfriend, letting the hunter lead her toward the hallway.
She sat up for a moment, wrapping her arms around her girlfriend’s shoulders, before pulling Stevie down beside her. It was easy to get tangled together like this; even easier to lose track of time when they got carried away. But they had nowhere else to be today and, god, Stevie was so warm.
All the other guys Dean had been with never really counted to him for some reason. They’d happened mostly when he was a dumbass teenager – and that one guy when Sammy first left for Stanford. And Benny, he guessed. He’d never even considered telling Sam about those. Sometimes it was like, he knew he could always pick up some chick, and he’d be into her so that meant he wasn’t…
Dean relaxed beneath Cas’ weight. Leaned into the hard plains of his torso. The anger gone, replaced by a whole new kind of heat.
Dean dropped the hissing cat in the overgrown grass outside and looked down at his blood splattered shirt. His cowboy hat was long lost. He shucked off the shirt, deeming it a lost cause, and used it to wipe the blood from his face and arms. The night’s chill found him beneath his t-shirt, and Dean rolled his shoulders, wincing at the sting of glass wounds in his back.
Well, there had to be at least a fifty percent chance he’d call. Dean crossed his arms, scanning the crowd until a gangly kid with a head of over-grown chestnut hair appeared.
Footsteps sounded on the pavement, hurrying toward the corner. The fight had been loud, the demon’s pleading attracting too much attention. Cas moved quickly; just managing to snatch both bodies and disappear before they were seen. He flew them miles outside the city, far from any wandering hearts to stumble upon.
Dean’s face settled in the crook of Cas’ neck by the end, planting soft and drowsy kisses as sleep slowly took him over once more.
“Lift your chin,” he demanded without a moment’s patience for Cas to obey. Dean rested one hand on Cas’ neck, his thumb lightly pushing Cas’ jaw to tilt his head.
At the sight of Cas, the woman turned. The demon’s black eyes masking that of the vessel’s, a sneer painting across her face. She flipped her long, dark hair behind her back, shoving Dean against the wall with her full strength.
Dean broke the kiss, catching his breath. He’d never seen Cas like this. Dean plastered on that little sideways smile he knew drove the angel mad. “You been practising, sweetheart?”
Sam turned slowly to face Dean; his stubborn frown still etched on his face. “So, you’re not here to take me back?”
Cas disappeared behind the curtain of the changing room again. He eyed his new tie in the mirror before pulling it off, careful not to unravel the knot. He studied the knot Dean had made. Traced it with his fingertips. Drowning in reverence and shame. Feeling lonelier than he’d ever felt in his long life.
Cas' hands felt so good pulling Dean's hair, gripping his skin. When Cas jerked involuntarily, Dean groaned around Cas' cock, the vibration of his vocal cords eliciting a noise from Cas that had Dean fisting his own cock, desperate for friction.
“No shit,” Dean glanced up at the ceiling like he could see all the way to his brother’s room. “No wonder he wanted me out of the picture after school. Dude couldn’t get away fast enough.”
A glint of silver flashed in the moonlight as Dean pulled a blade from the waistband of his pants. For all Sam’s talk of leaving the hunter life behind him, the kid’s instincts kicked in just as fast.
Dean was staring blankly at his laptop, earbuds muffling the sound. Charlie bit her nails, taking the long way around the table to avoid startling him. And, okay, maybe to get a peek at whatever her best friend was watching.
“Holy shit, is that the letter?” Stevie pointed to the screen, and both Sam and Eileen turned to look at her.
Cas’ heart hammered. He studied the small line of concentration knit between Dean’s brows. The length of his lashes. Noticing how Dean bit his lower lip gently with each trail of the razor. The goosebumps that raised along his bare arms, disturbing the smattering of freckles all the way to his shoulders.
Cas frowned, eyes dropping again to the dead woman before him. Her slackened fingers still curled around the handgun Dean had taken from the stalker that morning. The gun Dean had now, his own gun - Cas had been sure to fully load it with devil’s trap bullets when he’d retrieved it from the bunker.
Shit. Any other time or place, Dean might have appreciated how hot that commanding tone was, but Cas couldn’t see this crap. If the poor dude was too afraid to set foot in a dusty ass museum, there was no way he could watch Dean square up against three ancient hags.
On the top floor of the hotel, there was a set of stairs that led to an emergency door onto the roof. Ironically, it was locked. While Dean fumbled in his wallet for something to pick the lock, Cas shouldered the door until the lock tore through the wooden panel. He waited before climbing the stairs up into the night, smiling smugly when Dean muttered, “
Thank you for all the lovely comments! I know this is a super niche crossover, but its Halloween so why not?
Cas tracked the movement as Dean smoothed his hair with his fingers. “I fall asleep?” he asked huskily. At Castiel’s nod, Dean checked his watch.
, passed through the door. He looked... Dean couldn't fight the stupid smile that plastered on his face.
Damn it. “Why not? Come on, man, I’m sure you could use an extra pair of hands.” He winked and by some miracle, he didn’t crack under his own innuendo. It was a good one, he thought. Shame they were always lost on the angel.
The bus ground to a squealing stop and Dean quirked a brow at the driver who pressed too hard on the break. God, he missed Baby. Wherever his dad had run off to this time, Dean hoped he was treating her well. He swung his duffle bag over his shoulder and made a mental note to give the Impala a full check when he next saw her. Whenever that would be.
Dean climbed out of bed, crossing to the broken mirror. He frowned at his reflection, distorted in the cracks. His bedhead glorious, his face slightly pale and damp with sweat. He swallowed hard. Then tossed the mirror in the trash.
Dean straightened his back, taking two swift backward steps before he hit the solid wall that was Sam. Dean turned, frowning and silently communicating a big “
Charlie paused when she reached the door. “Dean? You know we’d all support you, right? If you and Cas…” she paused, a smile breaking out over her face. Dean knew his shock had to be all over his own face, but his heart was beating so fast right now and Charlie just kept going. “Honestly, we’ve all kinda seen this coming. I mean, not to be a bad friend or anything but my money’s been on this since the first day I saw you two together.”
It didn’t matter that he wouldn’t speak. The pendant hadn’t been taken. There was still a chance he and Dean would get to it.
Dean kissed down Cas stomach, his hips. One hand working on the button of Cas’ pants, the other dipping below the waistband. Fuck, he was nervous now. Dean swallowed hard, pushing himself to take that next step, terrified that Cas wouldn’t want this. That it was all too good to be true. That, as always, when things seem good, the rug gets pulled out from under him. And maybe it didn't help that Cas wasn't that far off the holy virgin he'd been when they met.
A man who looked to be in his early thirties stood with a pretty girl on either side. He was shorter than both girls by a couple of inches, his hair a mousey brown. Around the same length as Doctor Sexy’s, but without the sexy curls.
Sam made to walk in first, but Dean held out an arm to stop him. Scowling, the younger boy stepped back.
Dean knocked the candle to the ground, stomping it under foot. But it would not break. Would not burn out. “Sammy, get outta here!” Dean roared, pushing his brother toward the open doorway. Castiel stood with a hand outstretched before him as far as the invisible barrier would allow.
even feel, for anybody. 'Least of all, me. It all sounds so stupid now, but,” he held Cas’ face, stroking his thumbs along Cas’ jaw. “I want you to stay, Cas. I want you to tell me if –
What the hell had he gotten himself into? Dean wracked his brain for any semblance of a plan but came up short. He knew his brother too well. If Dean wasn’t out of here in a few minutes, Sam would come looking, and if it came to that… Well, Dean fought better when he didn’t have someone else to worry about. But if these witches killed him before he could kill them, Sammy didn’t stand a chance. And from the sound of it, neither did any kid in this whole damn town by the end of tonight.
Dean looked at Cas then; his tie hanging loose, his shirt half-untucked from his pants. His lips just begging to be bitten. An angel with a sensual case of bedhead was about the only thing that could bring Dean Winchester to his knees. But Dean forced himself to stand tall and scoop his mind from the gutter. This was real, damn it. He wanted - Dean reluctantly dragged his attention from Cas' lips, daring to meet his searching gaze. There was so much to say, so much he still needed to wrap his head around. But all that he could get out was: “You promise you won’t make me forget this?”
Cas had told no one the details of what had happened in the dungeon. That was between Dean and himself. But Cas couldn’t shake the feeling that, even if he’d given Dean the strength to save the world, perhaps Cas’ words had done more harm than good to his friend.
Not an unpleasant something, but a something he hadn’t yet encountered in his long lifetime. Something drew Castiel to Dean, and it wasn’t fate.
Dean nodded; his lips pressed to a thin smile. He stayed anyway, finishing his tea. He’d gotten used to the taste. Didn’t like it much – didn’t have the same kick as a good coffee, but it wasn’t about that. It was the company.
Honestly, it scared him. If he was this burnt out before he hit his second decade, the hell did that mean for his future? The only time he ever seemed to feel alive was during a hunt, but even then he knew he was nothing but a weapon in his father’s arsenal. Coming to Salem, it was a last-ditch effort to feel something again. To feel anything, really. He missed his brother. He missed Bobby. He missed sleeping in one bed for more than a night or two. Hell, he even missed drinking something that wasn’t warm beers and eating food that wasn’t truck stop beef jerky and the occasional bacon sandwich.
Just like that, darkness crept along the edges of his mind. Fear twisted his gut. Wanting. Confusion. Regret? Dean rubbed his eyes, seeking out his Dead Guy Robe and slippers. He had to take a leak and drink a half litre of coffee before he dealt with this shit. Which probably meant avoiding Sammy.
Cas removed his hand from Dean’s shoulder when they reached the empty alleyway. The smell of urine and fermented garbage rose in waves with the heat. A man dozed unaware of their arrival next to an overflowing trash can. Cas’ eyes protested against the Californian sunlight after the buzzing, florescent light of the Winchester’s home, his grace healing the small hurt before he could fully acknowledge it.
Dean shrugged. He supposed he was still with Jack, hanging out in the Dean Cave. The kid had long since forgiven Dean for the shit he’d put him through, but that didn’t mean Dean forgave himself.
Dean was a creature of despair. No matter how many bodies he buried, how many corpses he wept over, the blood on his hands and the guilt on his shoulders remained.
Just as Cas suspected, Dean excelled at showing him how loved he was in return. Cas was aware that sex felt good, better if you know what you like. He'd had a long time to consider what he wanted - what he wanted to do - but Cas never thought it would feel this way. More than momentary ecstasy. It was about... expression. Closeness. Though it did feel very,
Castiel crouched low in front of the cat, resting his forearms on his knees. “How did you become this?
Castiel’s head tilted in that way of his, loose strands of his dark hair falling about his forehead. “I, um. I do not. Have a boyfriend,” he said slowly. The whites of his eyes were fully on display. Dean tracked the movement as Cas licked his lips nervously, looking pointedly at the road ahead.
Dean didn’t hesitate. He threw his arms around Cas with so much force, they both backed into the hallway. Dean inhaled a ragged breath, clutching at the back of Cas’ shirt. “You’re okay,” he repeated, more to himself.
“I don’t have it,” the demon rasped, black blood trickling down the back of his neck. “We were supposed to steal it tonight.”
He didn’t know if it was the adrenaline or because he was already half-sick with fear over Cas, but this time the flying wasn’t nearly as bad. The moment his feet touched the ground, Cas dropped against him, too weak to hold himself up.
He caught Cas’ eye in the mirror; looked him from head to toe. Cas suddenly felt too big for his skin, his vessel. Compressed and diminished beneath the weight of that look.
He finished showering, reluctantly switching off the water. He stepped out and towelled himself off. Still breathless; still blissed out and confused as fuck. He scrubbed his hair with the towel and wiped the condensation from the mirror.
Sam stomped down the stairs, raising his brows at Dean’s outfit. Dean cast his eyes heavenward and slowly shook his head. Sam hadn’t even bothered to get changed.
The demon stood there stone-faced, black umbrella in hand, glaring at his mother. “You forgot to bloody mention
But Eileen didn’t seem to mind the extra company. Sometimes she stayed up late, curled into a sleeping Sam’s side. Others, she and Cas sat up watching all kinds of crap together. Dean didn’t want to know what she and Cas talked about; whatever shit they had to say about him and Sam could stay between them.
“You’re suggesting a Take-Your-Human-Charge-To-Work-Day,” Cas said slowly, the words tasting of regret.
The pendant had been lost for hundreds of years – made by a witch whose own soul she sold to gain that kind of power. The demon they’d encountered at the museum had been the one who’d made the deal with that witch, and when she’d come to claim the witch’s soul, the pendant was long gone.
No, Cas thought, his eyes greedily roaming over the low waistband of Dean’s pants, the freckles on his muscled chest. This was what it was to be ravenous.
He dropped his trench coat to the floor and pulled off his tie without undoing the knot. He’d never fully learned to tie a tie. He’d done it before, of course. Muscle memory of his vessel working automatically. But if he thought about it, even for a moment, it always led to fumbling fingers and anxious minutes wasted while he considered asking for help. Cas donned the new shirt, eyes locked on the tie Dean had picked out, cheeks heating.
Dean was ready to tear that damn suit off with his teeth. But not here… He wanted Cas in his own room. In his own bed. Where he had all the supplies he needed to-
Dean emerged from the bathroom wearing only jeans and his flannel. The buttons of his shirt undone, his skin still glistening from whatever products he’d scavenged beneath the sink.
Dean sucked in a sharp breath drawing Cas into another kiss, his tongue trailing along Cas' until the angel moaned in his mouth.
“Cas?” Dean stepped forward, eyes searching the angel’s own; wide and blue, slightly alarmed. But Cas was fine.
Cas almost wished Dean had finished getting dressed. He scowled. “If I waited, we might have lost all hope of getting that pendant.”
Dean woke in a bed that wasn’t his own. It wasn’t his usual MO to still have his boots on in a stranger’s bed but-
But he loved Cas just as much. He loved him so much he didn’t know what to do about it. Loved so much he wanted him here all the time and so much that he wanted Cas as far away from him as possible, to keep him safe. He wanted him more selfishly than he’d ever wanted anything in his life.
Well, the offer was there. She reminded Dean she’d bring him pizza and a blanket. That Dean could stay in the library alone all night if he wanted, but she was here for him.
The image of the witches on the museum floor crept unbidden into Dean’s head. He’d been trying so hard not to think about it. To focus on Cas and Sam and just being here. But even the memory of the smell was enough to turn the pizza in Dean’s stomach to lead. He set the pizza box on the ground, waving away the cat that dove for it.
Cas was looking at him, eyes squinting and studying. The weight of it familiar, but no less cutting than the first thousand times. Like the guy could read everything on his face, in his head. Dean quickly cast his mind around for anything else –
A few minutes standing around had him shifting on his feet, attention restlessly drifting about his surroundings until a mean-faced old lady walked by with a dog she’d dressed in a red cape and devil horns. Dean kept his expression neutral… as best he could anyway when the little demon growled at him.
They quickly scooted away, scowling at each other for all of two seconds before bursting into a fit of laughter. Sam scrambled to his feet first and offered Dean a hand up. Dean pulled too hard and knocked Sam on his ass again, resulting in a litany of swearing and name-calling. Ruffling Sammy’s hair before kicking the little jerk out of the way, Dean climbed to his feet. He backed up, caught his breath, and took a seat by one of the windows.
Dean studied his reflection with wide eyes and a thumping heart. His freckled skin was flushed, still dripping with a little water. He ran the taps just to fill the silence.
Dean covered his own face to hide the laughter. This was the dude that was flirting with Cas earlier tonight, wasn't it? Dean waved a hand over his shoulder and returned their room. Behind him he heard Jordan ask, “no wonder you blew me off… why is he covered in blood?”
This time it was Dean who landed a punch. Two. He kicked hard at the back of the demon’s knees and braced one foot on her calf when she fell. He acted fast, wrapping his good arm around her neck, his gun hand shaking hard against the side of her head.
Cas glared at him, hoisting the unconscious man over his shoulder and returning him to his room. Dean shook his head, grinning like the biggest idiot.
“What?” Castiel tilted his head, openly studying Dean’s profile as though for the last time. Because it would be, the angel decided. After he left this house, he wouldn’t see Dean again. He’d leave Salem – leave this world – until it was safe to go back to his life.
He scrambled up, tearing back the sheets as though he’d find Cas lost inside them. His heart hammered. Fuck. Where was the angel?
The sun crept above the city, splitting between buildings in hues of gold and peach. Cas wrapped a wing around Dean’s shoulder and sucked in a breath of surprise when Dean leaned into his chest. Cas glanced down at the touch of their hands; allowed Dean to bring Cas' hand to his lips.
Dean took off running, his hunter instincts kicking in as he tore off his heavy leather jacket. His bag was filled with hunting gear and a good bottle of scotch folded up in his clothes and Dean swore that asshole was dead if he didn’t get his shit back in one piece.
“Watch me,” Dean cut in, smiling smugly and raising his brows as he reached for the last of the pie.
,” he grumbled, with a wave of his beer can. “I dunno about percentages of guys or girls or any of that math shit, if that’s even a part of it or just some dumb ass shit people on the internet are saying. I don’t care. It means I got good taste, alright? Let’s leave it at that.”
Young Sam showed Dean a rock in his yellow plastic bucket. His little hand curled around Dean’s fingers, tugging at him with all his strength. Dean played along, pretending the child Sam was strong enough to bring him to his feet. “Alright, alright, let’s go. Only ten more minutes, though, or mom will kick my ass.” He picked up a squealing Sam and threw him over his shoulder, running toward the water.
The hunter beckoned him into one of the spare windowless rooms. Cas frowned, instantly suspicious at the sight of Sam setting up a table and two chairs.
Dean held his booted feet out in front of him, blocking entrance to the stairway. He tried to read through the soundless laughter that overtook him, and it was only a when Sam’s elbow met the softest part of his belly and knocked the wind right out of him that he dropped his legs. Sam dove on top of him, wrestling the letter from Dean’s hands. He threw a punch that landed square on Dean’s jaw but when he kicked out, Dean managed to grab his ankle, causing his brother to lose balance. Sam grabbed a fist full of Dean’s carefully gelled hair for purchase, and tangled in a fury of limbs, they tumbled down the final three steps.
Dean stared around the bar and realised Charlie was right. There were some of the most gorgeous women in this place, some even staring right at him, and he really couldn’t care less.
Dean’s eyes shone, crinkling at the corners. If someone had told him twelve years ago that he’d be standing at the alter someday... His little brother his best man; that he’d be marrying that little nerdy dude in a trench coat. An actual living breathing angel…
Dean shivered as Cas stepped away. At the loss of contact, Castiel suddenly had no idea what to do with his hands. He stuffed them in the pockets of his trench coat, eyes trained on the cat that curled around Dean’s ankle.
Once more, the most delicate shade of pink flushed along Dean’s cheeks. He swallowed hard. “Tell me I didn’t say that out loud.”
Ruby’s mouth hung open in surprise as she fell to her knees. Black blood oozed from the corner of her mouth, and Dean stared in horror. He tried to remind himself that she wasn’t some innocent girl. She was ancient and evil; she’d killed hundreds of kids, and –
“You’ve got five seconds to take that jacket off and get the fuck outta here before I break your nose.”
“This is what you do when you’re not around? Beat up dirt bags who steal lady’s purses? I gotta say, Cas,” Dean wiped a bead of sweat from his forehead with the sleeve of his shirt, “Not what I was expecting.”
Cas looked down at Dean. This seemed like an exercise of trust, and Cas gave it all to him without a word. Dean nodded, fluent in their shared silence.
Dean pulled his legs under his own chair, lifting his palms out defensively in front of himself. “What the hell?”
Cas shook his head. His big puppy eyes and downturned brows almost made her want to cry. But she was on a mission. Today was the day she’d crack him.
Meg tilted her head; the movement a dark mirror to Castiel’s endearing habit. There was nothing sincere about the gesture. Only cunning and curiosity. “Such pretty lies from a pretty boy,” she said slowly. One black eye winked at Dean, and he felt a chill snaking down his spine.
She should have known better. Dean might be going through some shit, but he was still Dean Winchester. Even with the earbuds in, his spidey-senses still tingled. He shut the laptop with frankly suspicious speed that left Charlie looking anywhere but directly at Dean in case she’d walked in on something she did
That didn’t change the fact that there would come a day when Dean’s body would grow too old to bear his soul, while Cas remained, stagnant in the body he’d chosen as his own until he chose to forsake it. It had never been a question of
Dean’s hand closed around her wrist and Charlie turned quickly to face him. Dean didn’t look at her as he leaned over to pull out a chair and gestured for Charlie to sit next to him.
It was small truth, an ugly one, but there were times when Castiel felt the urge to take them all under his wing, so to speak. (Was that a joke? Dean might enjoy that).
His duffle bag was already strewn over the twin bed. Dean eyed the bottle that peeked out from inside. It was tempting to break it out. Have a couple of drinks with their pizza. Get a little cozy with Cas. But something stayed his hand. He wasn’t quite sure what.
Charlie knew about Benny, too. He’d denied the breakup or whatever the first twenty times she brought it up, but she always knew how to crack him. Seemed like the kind of shit little sisters always got away with. Dean smiled fondly at the memory.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Cas said quietly. He didn’t meet Dean’s eyes as he spoke, but Dean already knew it was bullshit.
Dean relaxed his shoulders, his fists still curled tightly at his side. All five men stood facing them now, shoulders squared and faces twisted in fury.
Cas’ hand hovered for a moment even after Dean straightened. He tilted his head, admiring how the sunlight split between Dean’s lashes, casting thin shadows beneath his eyes. Dean blew out a breath, steadying himself. He opened his eyes and Cas hastily averted his own.
Maybe this was stupid. Maybe it would make everything worse, but at least something would change. He couldn’t keep going like this. Not when things were finally as close to peace as they’d ever been.
He kicked off his boots and curled up on the right side of the king bed. It didn’t mean anything – no strings or anything significant attached. It was just a bed.
Cas looked up, eyes bright and brows furrowed. “You can reach me by text message, Dean. Sam showed me how to use the cellular phone.” As he spoke, he reached into his pocket and retrieved the phone, as if Dean needed proof.
Dean inclined his head toward Cas, eyes widening to convey the message that they’d talk later. There’d be no discussion later, Dean knew. Because it wasn’t happening.
He stood outside the museum of artefacts, where the soul-reaping pendant hid somewhere inside. Eyes cast up to the heavens. He fell back into the shadows of the building’s corner, listening to footsteps creaking on the old wooden floors within. Separating the voices beyond the walls.
Dean frowned, that cold hunter’s mask slipping over his face. He mouthed the word “demons?”, pinching the bridge of his nose in annoyance when Cas nodded in confirmation. Dean only turned away, returning his full attention to Sam’s call.
Despite the reassurances of the fifteen-year-old boy, the angel didn’t relax for a moment. Not until he caught the distinct sound of Dean’s boots trudging through the darkness. The boy had given a fairly convincing argument that the shaking ground was probably due to an earthquake; the exploding lights a product of a faulty generator. If Castiel was the fool these brothers believed him to be, he might have bought into the idea. But those voices outside the door belonged to no pranksters or policemen.
“Fine. You can heal me though, right? Zap me better again before I hurl all over – where we goin’ again?”
Dean pulled free from their embrace to look Cas in the eye. Vulnerability did not come easily to Dean Winchester, but it was clear to Cas that he fought through it now with the same tenacity as he’d fought every vicious and vengeful creature all his life. And when he spoke, Cas could not contain the surge of his power that caused every lightbulb for miles around to flicker.
“Uh. Hey, man,” Charlie said, wincing at the awkwardness in her voice. She cleared her throat, forcing herself to look at Dean.
Dean’s heart was a wild thing in his chest. His anger drowned out by - was it fear that had his pulse racing? His gaze dropped to Cas’ lips, the stubble above them left unshaven.
Bobby shrugged. “Kid’s been writing letters to some girl in his class. Thinks I don’t notice. Some Irish sounding name. I can’t remember.”
“I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable,” Castiel said solemnly. He stepped away, deciding now was the time to go. It was difficult for angels to learn human boundaries, but it was a lonely affair to get it wrong each and every time he tried. Each time Castiel imagined he’d found a small connection, it always ended in misunderstanding.
“I’m fine, Dean,” Cas said, breaking the hug. He leaned against the wall outside their room, his blue eyes soft. “I talked to Sam. He believes he knows why the pendant affected me that way.”
Dean dropped to the floor in a spray of blood. The shot aimed at his chest with unpractised hands had gone wide, hitting his shoulder.
Honestly, he was happy for the kid. A little heartbroken that things would never be the way they used to be, but that was life, right?
Thank you for sticking by this story these past few weeks. Thank you for all the motivating and sweet comments, and to everyone who left kudos. I'll miss these two idiots. If you'd be interested in seeing where the story goes next (or a little prequel!) let me know!
“Hey, Charlie,” Sam said from the hallway behind her. “That was fast.” He came to a stop next to Eileen, throwing an arm around her shoulder.
Dean struggled, hands desperately trying to push the demon away as she grappled with the pendant. To wrap it around Dean’s neck.
The freckles on Dean’s cheeks were disturbed by flecks of blood. His lip, too, was slightly bloody but long since healed. Cas watched with an ache inside himself as Dean breathed - alive and close and safe. The urge to reach out and clean the blood from his skin as Dean had done for him, to remove the stain from the ugliness of hours earlier, was almost too difficult to resist.
Castiel found himself wondering once again why he was here. Why Gabriel insisted it was of import that Castiel, of all angels, be here for some divine mission. His brother had warned him to stay away from the Sanderson house and he’d failed.
Dean licked his lips, grasping at the words that were almost within reach. “It means I love you, you idiot. Of course I want you to stay.”
“Dean?” Cas’ voice was soft, but there was a warning in his tone. Dean knew he’d only been able to shove him because Cas had let him. Because he trusted him.
Dean pushed harder, hearing something crack in the witch’s chest. “Oh, I don’t know about that,” he said, sarcasm dripping like venom through his teeth. “Between the two of us, I think I got a couple more years ahead of me.”
The letter was still in Cas’ hand - the incriminating evidence of his venture into Dean’s mind. Into what he hoped was the truth.
Had he seriously almost kissed Cas? Is that what was happening back there? He ignored the sick feeling in his stomach and shoved a huge bite of his triple layer burger in his mouth. Dean groaned.
His attention strayed unbidden to the door, lingering on the tiny crack he’d insisted they leave open on the small chance Dean felt like joining them.
But then he’d seen Cas at the bar. With that smokin' hot guy. That asshole with the expensive suit and high cheekbones. And just like that, the mood was soured.
Thirty dollars down the drain, and for what? God damn it, this neighbourhood had better dole out the good shit.
Not that he didn’t have every inch of the angel’s face memorised. Like it wasn’t the first thing he sought out in a room. Like Cas didn’t haunt his dreams. A silent presence. A constant comfort. Those eyes beaming at him like a Bat Signal whenever he felt lost.
Dean had been trying harder; treating Jack the way Bobby had always treated him and Sam. Honestly, it was one of the best moves he’d ever made. He loved the kid. Loved seeing him experience the world, teaching him to fix things. Just hanging out with him.
“Oh, I get it,” the cat said, “pretty boy and his little sidekick don’t know what you are, do they?” the cat flicked its tail as it stared up at Cas. “What’s the matter, angel? Afraid your little boyfriend won’t like you very much when he finds out?”
Cas’ attention picked up as the handsome, albeit rather dirty-looking, man turned from the broken sword to face the elvish woman. Charlie nudged Cas’ ribs, whispering that her favourite part was coming up.
Cas remained behind, invisible for a time. Still finding his bearings. Watching as Dean paid for their clothes with a card Charlie had cooked up for him. It wasn’t often Dean spent money on anything for himself, excluding beer and pie.
“No,” Cas replied, flexing his hands at his side like he wasn’t sure what to do with them. “I really don’t.”
So, Cas listened to the wind, the soft trickling of the waters. The prayers of thousands. All but one voice, distinct from all others. Made up of half-formed thoughts, of contradictions and self-deprecations.
Castiel glared down at the cat. Crowley was right, unfortunately. They needed him around. At least until they knew for certain how to get rid of the Sanderson sisters for good.
An old anger threatened to overtake Cas for a moment. If this was true - if Anna had seen the marking on him, she would have known what Dean had meant to him. What Dean would yet come to mean to Castiel.
A single brow rose on Castiel’s forehead. He stared at the cat; tried to see beyond the vessel in front of him to whatever lurked inside the small creature. He found nothing. Which meant one of two things; Dean and Sam were lying about not understanding the cat or… whatever was inside wasn’t there by choice. It could be concealed by a spell, the angel supposed. It had to be a powerful, dark magic, if true.
Rowena lifted the fallen candle pillar, tracing a long-nailed finger along the black flame candle. A smile twisted the corner of her mouth as a drop of wax ran along her finger.
to sexual orientations, but... sex, romance, all that crap? Dean wasn't sure any of it even occurred to Cas half the time. Which was fine, more power to the guy. But Cas had enjoyed sex before. He'd been pretty into Meg. Who was decidedly
The hallowed ground lay just beyond the reach of the old Sanderson land and seemed to stretch all the way to the centre of the town. It was a strange location, Castiel thought, for witches to settle. The site posed a danger to those who practised dark magic, and despite Sam’s optimism, the Sanderson sisters were every bit as guilty as they were accused. More so, Castiel suspected. Most of the missing children in these parts during the late 1700’s were never found.
Cas frowned, inspecting himself in the mirror, his hand shooting self-consciously to his face. A twinge of embarrassment had him looking down at his feet again. “I don’t know how,” he admitted quietly.
Cas’ eyes burned with angelic grace as he stared down at Dean. He was furious. Dean tried to move but Cas was too strong. There was no going anywhere.
Dean only nodded. His eyes wide, his hands gripping the bedsheets. The first touch from Cas' hand had the breath punch from his lungs, and when Cas' mouth closed over him Dean whined. Fucking
They turned the corner to find the gate to the museum’s entrance locked. Dean pulled something small and silver from the wallet in his back pocket and hunkered down to pick at the lock. Sam swatted him at the back of his head.
Cas opened the letter with careful, shaking fingers. On one side, there was a riot of words all scrawled over one another in a frantic burst of thought. These were Dean’s fears; his thoughts laid bare on paper. Some written faint as a whisper and others so furious it was a wonder the pen hadn’t torn through the page.
Another hour later, Dean slipped the carefully folded page into the breast pocket of the trench coat.
Cas spread out his wing to curl around Dean, but it seemed unwise to show Dean his true form. Even safely in the confines of his imagination. So, Cas pulled back and reached out a hand instead. He rested it on Dean’s shoulder and went rigid with surprise when Dean patted his hand in return.
The third demon grinned as he launched himself forward. Dean threw his gun, breaking the vessel’s nose with the impact. The demon barrelled on as if he didn’t notice.
It was quiet for that first hour; the brothers stuffing their faces, the cat licking itself clean much to everyone’s disgust, and Cas…
Dean had plenty of scars littering his body. He was a tool with more sign of wear than most. He wasn’t the poetic type – the type to say those scars told his story or some shit. It wasn’t like that. Half the time they weren’t even reminders of all the close calls and bad decisions he’d made that knocked him on his ass. They were just part of him. Part of the broken, fucked up package that was Dean Winchester.
Cas watched in horror as Dean slipped on a pool of his own blood. The fall had cost him – Cas heard the hiss of pain as Dean's shoulder hit the ground. But Dean corrected his stance, just in time for the demon to get back on her feet.
Before he could help it, Cas was outside the library. He paused, listening for any sound of life on the other side of the door, but was met only with silence.
Dean dropped his arm from his face and Cas automatically threw out a wing to block the sunlight from Dean's eyes. Only the shadow of his wings visible upon the grass, the outline of his stray feathers falling gently around them. When Dean kissed the knuckles of Cas’ hand, wrapped in his own, Cas looked him through wide eyes. Dean smiled. There was no darkness at the edges, no mocking or masks of falsehood. This was a smile Cas had seen so rarely before.
. The thought of that hit harder than expected. Dean could handle rejection. Hell, he was the king of rejection. But there was something about this guy.
“Oh, my book, my sweet book,” Rowena crooned. “Did you miss me? We’re going to have such fun together tonight, my darling,” she said. Her sisters hummed in agreement. “Show me the potion, my sweet. You know the one.” Dean heard the gentle shuffling of pages as the book opened by itself. “That’s it,” Rowena breathed. “Soon the lives of all the children in Salem will be mine.
Falling in love with Dean Winchester had been a long and brutal journey as often as it had been freeing. There was nothing easy or guaranteed about their lives, regardless of what Chuck had planned for them. This truth – this step they had taken – it was delicate and world altering all at once. All the odds were against them, but Cas anticipated it. Dean was worth the challenge. Worth all of it.
Castiel looked at Dean like he wanted to know more. There was no agenda from one minute to the next. He looked at Dean like he was a finished product, whole and flawed and exactly as he should be. Or maybe that was wishful thinking.
With the trench coat warming his lap, for the next hour Dean scrawled out every stupid thing in his brain. A solution for every fear. A counter argument against every bit of bullshit. One best case scenario for every worst.
Cas turned silently toward the stairs. Hands balled into white-knuckled fists only barely peeking out beneath the too-large sleeves of his trench coat.
Meg took two long strides toward Dean, and although she stood barely more than half his height, the look she pinned him with made him feel two feet tall. The witch crossed her arms, raising her brows. “A boy,” she drawled. “I
Dean may yet have his doubts. Cas, too, could not yet be certain his fears would not get in the way of his faith. But he would try.
He was alone. In his new suit. In a nice hotel with a rain shower and no Sam. Nothing standing in his way this time. Nothing but himself and the echoes of his dad's old words and the icy, painful truth that he didn't deserve happiness. He didn't deserve Cas.
Dean pulled back for air. He was damn near panting. He forced himself to look away from Cas’ lips, glossy and pink and slightly parted in awe. It felt a little dirty to look Cas in the eye. Like they were guilty teenagers or some shit. Like this was wrong; like he was supposed to regret it.
he was sweating. Dean dropped his hand, all too aware of how easily the angel could break free of his grip. But Dean plastered on an easy grin, stuffing his hands in his pockets before they got any other ideas.
,” he corrected with a full body eye roll that was somehow even cuter than those little frowns, “is a terrible person. Trust me,” he added seriously.
It was Dean that had sent him not down a path of righteousness, but of freedom. And in that freedom, Cas had learned and chosen love. He loved Dean on purpose – with purpose. And with every kiss Cas pressed to Dean’s cheeks, his lids, his bowed head, Cas felt that love in return.
Standing guard on some poor old lady’s front lawn was those dickbags who’d stole his shit. And Ice was wearing his stolen jacket.
For the first time, Cas had kissed Dean and not the other way around. He'd finally shared with Dean his most precious truth, and Dean’s soul had lit up like a firework. Cas had never seen a soul that bright and brilliant; not on any human in all the years he’d paid attention.
Dean winked, a small smile on his face as he took the saved seat opposite Eileen. He signed “thank you” before reaching for the mug and twisting her laptop around to nosy in on what she was up to.
He’d known the guy for less than a day, and yet he’d never been so curious to know someone in every way he could. Dean looked at Cas and wanted to know what he feared so he could protect him, what he loved so he could bring him joy. He looked at those strong hands and wanted to know how they’d feel in his own, how his fingers would feel on his skin or taste in his mouth. He wanted to know how it felt to be crushed beneath Cas’ weight on this sofa. How his hair would feel if it were tangled in Dean’s fingers. He wanted to press his lips to the hollow point of Cas’ cheeks and feel the warmth of his breath against his lips. He wanted to know the taste of him, the sounds he’d make.
Dean faces off against the Sanderson Sisters, and they are not what he expected. A new member joins their group and Castiel could not be less thrilled.
Dean tore the makeshift stake from Sam’s hand, his emerald eyes hard as he silently conveyed the plan to his brother. Sam stuck up his chin, refusing to move a muscle even as the handle of the back door began to rattle.
Sam scowled, but a set of high-pitched squeals from the room to their left had them jumping to attention. Dean flexed his fingers, instinct telling him to reach for a blade. But when he and Sam peered into the room, they were met with something else entirely.
Cas' face fell. “I want you, Dean.” Though Cas’ tone was delicate, the truth was unwavering. He stroked along Dean's cheek as he spoke. “This is real. As real as you or I want it to be, Dean. You have choices. We both do," Cas paused for a moment before adding, "We can stop, of course. If that is what you want.”
Charlie turned back, speaking mostly to Cas, “We’re having a movie night, you guys. Whether you like it or not. We’re taking that ring to Mordor in 4k tonight, bitches.”
He reached down for the handgun digging into his hip, sure as shit he’d have a full gun-shaped bruise down there if he got outta here swinging. Just like he thought, the demon tore it off him, kicking it aside. To Karla.
Dean wore an old pair of jeans, torn at the knees, and brown boots he had once proudly told Cas he’d owned since his sixteenth birthday. The band t-shirt was the same he’d worn that morning, though decidedly less stained with perspiration. Cas studied the extra rings on Dean’s fingers, the samulet around his neck. In the shift from nightmare to dream, only the location had been altered by Cas. The clothes, the slightly longer haircut – the earring Cas frowned at – those were conjurings of Dean’s imagination. A study of Dean his early adulthood. He looked perhaps ten years younger; some of the laugh lines Cas adored so much had not yet deepened at the corner of his eyes.
He leaned back into the spray of the water; the images still playing in his head. He couldn’t close his eyes without seeing it. Those familiar blue eyes staring up at him, down at him, decisive and sure. A smile only Dean would notice shining in their depths.
. He pointed to a heavily decorated building about twenty feet away that read “Coffee House”. There had to be at least ten carved pumpkins outside; there was no way anyone could miss it. Dean might have been embarrassed at how stupid that made him look, but when the dude opened his mouth, Dean wasn’t prepared for that voice. “They have coffee. I believe it’s… decent.”
Cas trailed a hand over Dean’s chest. The stubborn son of a bitch frowned, as if Dean was ruining his plans. Eventually Cas rolled his eyes, relenting. He lay down on the bed, pulling Dean on top of him in one quick movement.
"You did not learn all this from the pizza man," Dean said. He attempted to push Cas off him so he could get his mouth around him again, but Cas wouldn't budge.
So frail, these beings. Watching as Dean heaved, Cas felt the unwelcome reminder of how false his friend’s bravado truly was. Dean Winchester may once have been fated to be Michael’s Sword, but he was only human. More human than either of their fathers had expected of him. Not the blunt instrument he once confided in Cas that he believed himself to be. Dean was-
“Buddy, you may be a shitty thief, but that haircut…,” he said, turning the idiot around again to read the word “ICE” shaved at the back of his head. Dean smirked as he met the guy’s beady eyes. “That’s a damn crime.”
Dean kept going, not really knowing what he was saying. “Every damn day, you saved me. I don’t mean your angel mojo crap. I mean
“You didn’t even put it on sideways,” Dean grumbled as he fixed the hat, messing up Sam’s hair in the process.
He leaned his head back, letting the now lukewarm water fall over him. Shit, it had been years since he’d been in a shower this good. A damn rain shower, man. He’d been twenty-two that last time. Only then he hadn’t been in there alone.
Dean sipped the water, reaching out for a slice of pizza. Someone was looking out for him, he guessed.
Cas had watched Dean fall to his knees. Dean, who was so caught up in his own mind, he didn’t notice the lack of rustling of Cas’ wings. So, Cas had stayed. Unseen. An invisible and burning presence.
The smoke hurled first for Dean, but when it couldn’t possess him, it poured itself into the soulless woman instead. Her screams echoed through the entire floor, singing off the glass windows. Below, the music and voices were too loud for the sound to reach them.
“So, he just… he can… he still…” What the hell was he trying to say, anyway? He knew "bisexual" was a thing. Some of the best rockers of all time swung all kinds of ways. Dean had been with Benny, but they were friends. It was Purgatory. It didn’t count. And whatever shit went down with Crowley, that was
He crossed to the sink, boiling the kettle, and wondering why the hell he’d forgotten his slippers. He smiled though, at this stupid little problem. His feet were cold and that was the biggest obstacle in his life right now. Nightmares aside. No Chuck, no immediate dangers. He had his family, his home. His angel. Free will was a hell of a thing.
He didn’t feel any different. Still gave a shit whether his best friend lived or died. Still ready to give it all to fix up Cas. A soulless person couldn’t do that, right?
Cas studied Dean from the corner of his eye. There was no humour in his face. Stubborn, infuriating, but Dean was no fool. He had no need of angelic power to understand what was happening.
Dean sighed, tilting his head back and looking up to the ceiling as though the distraction of reality was the greatest tragedy of his life. Cas didn’t wait for Dean to return his attention. Dean's neck, tanned and lightly freckled, was calling to Cas. He nervously pressed his lips to Dean’s throat, just above his Adam’s apple. The stubble already growing back in tickled slightly, but with the surprised hum that escaped Dean’s lips, Cas didn’t mind. Not one bit.
So far, he'd kicked almost every guest out of the Roadhouse, sheepishly requested their return, only to boot them back out again. He wanted every last person he gave a damn about here, but once they were in front of him… it was too much.
“1993,” Cas said distractedly, hearing Dean even from afar speak about beheading the witches. There was much these brothers were hiding, Castiel knew. From the moment Dean had pulled out the silver blade in response to the voices at the door – when young Sam, who didn’t have a weapon so made one of his own – Castiel knew. They were hunters. They had to be.
Curled into Cas’ side, letting his coffee go cold, Dean tried and failed to stop thinking it all over.
There were some things Dean still couldn’t put into words; things he’d probably never be able to talk about. He was so damn lucky to have this family who understood his silence; who could read it for what it was. Who accepted him. Loved him. Even now that he was free to be himself for the first time in his whole life.
Dean tutted, his grin spreading wider across his face. “What’s her name, anyway? I’ve heard the rumours, Sammy. Word gets around town fast.”
Dean laughed again, pulling the angel in for a kiss. “You’re damn crazy, sweetheart,” he said, muttering “ouch” when Cas nipped at his lip in retribution. He pulled away for just a moment to switch off the lamp, before settling himself on Cas’ chest.
Cas was fond of her company, especially with Jack on his trip, and Dean... isolated. Cas tried not to bother Sam and Eileen often. Their joy was a private thing, and though they didn’t begrudge his company, Cas sometimes found it easier to stay out of their way than to miss a social cue and overstay his welcome.
But Cas… Dean had tested him before, in stupid, childish ways. Jokes that went over the guy’s head. Honestly, he didn’t have a clue what the dude was into. Sure, Cas had once said he was
Cas dropped his gaze to the water. Tracked the bevy of cygnets following a swan. Their mother; their grand symbol of safety and care.
Cas explained. Told Dean exactly what they should be prepared for tonight. This was big. Whatever the demons had planned –
But Dean remembered the bathroom, hours earlier. Cas hadn’t flinched when Dean had leaned in. It hadn’t felt weird or wrong.
The brothers argued as they walked, yet there was no malice to their words. No drive behind their fight. If anything, Castiel wondered, they were having fun.
“Came to surprise you, Sammy,” Dean smirked. “I’m in town for a couple ‘a days. Thought I’d drop by and see what the big deal is,” he gestured flippantly to the school building.
Dean shrugged, trailing off midsentence. Not like he’ll ever live that long anyway in this line of work. But when Bobby’s eyes softened, Dean said with a grin, “You know what? I live to be your age, I hope I’m worse.”
Dean frowned. He didn’t ask what kind of shit Cas had broken up just now, but he knew it wasn’t pretty. He’d wondered sometimes what it was like for Cas; to hear all these voices, angel and human. To feel their pain. It humbled him sometimes, when John’s voice cursed him out in his head after a bad hunt. After Sammy or Cas got hurt. Whatever crap Dean was going through, he knew Cas had it worse.
, he thought, staring at the guy in the mirror who glared at him the same way his dad used to. He flipped himself off and forced himself out of the bathroom.
“Bitch?” Rowena repeated slowly, as if tasting the word on her tongue and finding it a bitter thing indeed. “Sister, do you hear what he called you?”
“So,” Dean mentally psyched himself up for the real talk. “How’s things? With Sammy here and all that?” His words were casual, but Dean felt the weight of Bobby’s knowing stare the second they left his mouth.
He trailed the blade along Cas’ neck, dipping the razor into the water between each turn. His hand moved to the back of Cas’ neck, resting at the nape as he worked, fingers lost in Cas’ hair.
“Don’t talk to be about that old-“ Bobby grumbled with his head in the fridge as he rummaged around for a few beers.
