Iron Man, after all,” he responded, doing his best to sound affronted, but Pepper only rolled her eyes.
The stones collectively looked relieved, and they smiled at him. “Thank you, Tony Stark,” Steve said, eyes twinkling with golden light.
his daughter needed. “But she’s still watching over us, bambino. You know your mommy would never truly leave you. She’s looking out for you like a guardian angel, my angel.”
Steve frowned at the obvious change in subject but didn’t argue. “I was thinking maybe we – any of us who wanted to – could help with some of the rebuilding. With mine, Captain Danvers’s, Peter’s, and Thor’s strength, you and Rhodey in the suits, and yours and Rocket’s engineering skills, we could probably do quite a bit to help people.”
life for the past two years, and now it was time for Tony to take it back. Not that he was displeased with the developments, if he was being honest with himself. The stones had showed him what was going on, let him experience it like he was living it, so Tony had already been able to go through the process of grieving for Pepper, of bonding with Steve, of getting past Steve’s pigheaded, stubborn need to
“Do you have your own forms?” he asked curiously, and Pepper’s lips quirked into a smile, so like the real Pepper that Tony felt a pang of longing.
And now the stones were staring at him, identical expressions of confusion written across their faces. “You do not die after wielding us, Tony Stark,” Harley said, brow furrowed as he looked at Tony, and Tony jerked.
“Who is this?” Harley’s voice was guarded, and that more than anything told Tony that something wasn’t quite right. But he kept his tone light, regardless.
God, he wished Pepper were still here. Maybe she could’ve talked some sense into her daughter. Actually, scratch that – she would
“FRIDAY, zoom in on that beam there,” Tony ordered, hovering in midair and squinting at a partially-collapsed section of the building a hundred or so feet away. It had been over two years since the snap, and he and the other Avengers were still helping with clean-up efforts, picking up the remains of buildings and moving them to a designated segment of the city to be disposed of.
And now Tony was blinking, off-balance, peering up at him. “Uh. I mean, I’ve heard the stories – you and Peggy Carter?”
“I’m just going to forget this ever happened,” Peter mumbled, shuffling into the room and making for the coffee machine in a very zombie-like fashion.
“Daaaaad!” Morgan’s call jolted him out of it, and he sent a half-hearted glare in the direction of his entirely-too-tempting wife before following his daughter’s voice.
that you’ll leave the moment you’re injured enough to matter. And I know you know what I mean. No muscling through it, no pretending like you aren’t hurt as badly as you are.”
Tony and his family had moved back to New York to his old Tower less than a year after Thanos’s defeat, ostensibly to be closer to the Avengers Compound and SI headquarters, but also because there was a certain spider Tony wanted to keep an eye on. Peter quickly became a fixture around the Tower, swinging in at strange hours, corrupting his otherwise innocent (ha!) Morgan with Vine references and every Iron Man meme he could find. When the kid moved off and went to Stanford for his science degree, Tony had promised there would be a job waiting for him at SI when he graduated if he wanted it. And, a year later, he’d been thrilled to be able to offer the same thing to Harley.
, lately, which might just be how Steve had always looked, only Tony had just really started to notice. But it wasn’t enough that the man had to be hot enough to melt ice cream in -12 degree weather, he
“I’m meditating, darling. I have to deal with your demon daughter at Kamar-Taj, you have to deal with her here,” his husband responded calmly, and Tony let out a long sigh.
“You’re just jealous you’re not pretty enough for that to work,” Natasha commented, and Clint shot her an affronted look.
“It’s not my fault that golf gets to yell something cool and archery doesn’t,” Clint said defensively. “And what does it look like I’m doing? I’m decorating for Christmas!”
“Tell me,” Tony said, voice strained, not wanting to know but knowing he needed the truth. Rhodey paused, then nodded.
And with that, Thanos lunged, but Tony was prepared, throwing up an energy shield quickly. The gauntlet struck the shield, and the impact threw Steve and Rhodey off their feet and away from Tony and Thanos. Thor, Valkyrie, and Nebula let out battle cries and attacked, trying to draw Thanos’s attention away, but Thanos had eyes only for Tony. He turned the gauntlet towards them and sent a blast of energy their way, but Tony took advantage of his maneuver to blast him with an energy beam, knocking him off his feet.
Tony gave him a half-smile. “Just…just thinking about the people I’ll be leaving behind in each timeline. It’s going to be strange, making any sort of connection when I know my life has a pretty quick expiration date in their universe.”
“I think it’s pretty handy, actually,” Steve said smugly, eyes twinkling down at Tony, and Tony pouted at him.
, and either this was a really weird version of hell or everything had been a dream. Or, a little voice whispered, he’d done something horribly, horribly wrong with the infinity stones.
“You’re welcome to start that ass kicking any time, now,” Valkyrie called, and Tony turned in time to see her get knocked off her feet by the Power stone. Thor and Nebula charged, coordinating an attack from behind, but Thanos swatted them away without so much as turning to look.
Tony smiled. “Are you kidding? I’ve probably got Mommy running ragged trying to keep me safe! You know how much she complained about having to protect me from myself – you think she’d be able to stop now? Pshhh.”
,” he said, his voice colored with self-satisfaction at the end. Tony snorted at the mental image of Peter and Harley threatening Steve.
it.” He stopped, breathing raggedly and staring down at Tony with an expression Tony couldn’t quite place - he was sure he was imagining the
been there and he just hadn’t noticed until now. “I’m sorry,” he said, eyes locking onto Thanos as the alien pushed himself back to his feet. “I’m sorry, I have to do this. But you won’t be alone, I promise you. I love you both so much.”
Iiii didn’t really like what they did with Professor Hulk and Thor in Endgame, so I decided to ignore it. Tbh I think the character aspects those two
“HA! See, I told you, Neb!” Harley crowed, and he and Peter high-fived. But Tony was watching Nebula’s face, though he tried not to be obvious about it. Her eyes had darted to him for the barest hint of a moment after his proclamation, showing the slightest sliver of vulnerability before they’d darted away again quickly and she’d scowled.
so,” Tony said staunchly, crossing his arms, and as the two started to voice their protests, he held up a hand. “No no no no no – this is where you zip it. I’m the adult here, and you’ve both been saying you’re my sons. Well, that means I get to make the dad decision – you two are staying here, where you’re
“I’m sorry, too,” he finally blurted, and Steve just looked at him. Tony fidgeted under his gaze, the memory of his earlier words coming back to haunt him accompanied by a feeling of shame. “I shouldn’t have said what I did, and I’m sorry. I – I lashed out, and it wasn’t fair of me. I’ve just, you’re one of the few people whose opinion of me actually matters to me, and I just, I
the super soldier looked. But he plowed forward anyway. “None of us knows why Thanos would be here for me, and there’s not really anything we can do about it at the moment. He’s killing people – we have to stop him.”
But he was reminded of all the bright moments he’d gotten with Peter and Harley this time, the connection he’d formed with Nebula, the chance to make up with Steve and become something
“You sure you’re not secretly a wizard?” Clint asked, squinting at him, and Steve beamed. It should be illegal for someone to be that gorgeous. No really, Steve should be arrested, it wasn’t fair to humanity.
And that was how a Norse god, two spies who could kill him with one strand of tinsel, Captain America, and a man who spent some of his time as a giant green rage monster ended up decorating his cabin for Christmas.
He and Harley had gotten back into contact after Thanos was defeated, and Harley had proven himself to be as much of a brilliant engineer as he’d been in every other timeline. The kid was currently in his junior year at MIT, and, though Tony hadn’t yet told him this, he’d been working on a surprise present for Harley’s graduation – a special black-and-gold suit that he’d called Bumblebee, in part because he knew it would irritate his kid. Nebula had sure gotten a kick out of it when he’d told her – he’d gotten an actual
He eyed her contemplatively, then slowly nodded. “When I took the infinity stones in that battle, a lot more happened than what everyone saw. I lived over 14 million lives before the stones brought me back here to this one. And now they’ve granted me another,” he said simply.
kid, and that’s that.” He crossed his arms, cocking an eyebrow and making sure he looked perfectly confident and self-assured.
Tony’s brow furrowed as he tried to decide how to answer that. “I think losing a battle doesn’t mean you aren’t a hero, it just means you’re fallible. I think you only stop being a hero when you stop trying to help people,” he said finally. “And…I dunno, maybe this isn’t the right attitude, but I just don’t really care if people consider me a hero anymore. It just…it just doesn’t seem to matter, not after all we’ve lost. If I can do something to help, well…at the end of the day, who cares whether the ones I’m helping think I’m hot shit, ya know?”
“You had to know they were gonna come with us, Tones,” he said softly, a small smile on his face. “You’re practically their dad, and they’re too much like you. They were never gonna sit this one out. You did the right thing, giving them the okay.”
returning to the forefront. He and Steve had worked past it in his old memories – but right now, everything felt raw again. He wasn’t sure if it was because he’d never really gotten over it, or if it was something being in this past with these new memories was doing to him, but
And it helped, to have the company. It helped to remind him that Pepper may be gone, but he still had so many people that he loved dearly and cared for intimately. And as the years passed, he healed; it took longer than he’d thought it might – but then again, he’d known and loved Pepper for more years than any human had a right to be alive, and
“Yeah, sorry, I was just thinking about Harley,” he lied quickly, his mind immediately latching onto how he actually did need to call his other kid – assuming that kid had made it. The original Harley had, but apparently that didn’t mean much in this world. Rhodey nodded knowingly.
“Whatever. Not like it matters,” she growled out, then stomped off. Harley and Peter frowned after her.
When Peter’s face fell, Tony knew he had his answer. “No,” he said softly, though, eyes on the floor. “No, there’s no one I need to let know.”
“Daddy, you’re back,” she’d said softly, picking her head up to give him a sleepy smile. “I missed you.”
it, the inevitability of him wielding the stones, so firmly written into him that it felt as though it had
so anyway!!!! I hope you guys like my fix-it, and I hope it helps heal the pain of endgame :') bless every single one of you who left me comments!!!! honestly, y'all make my day, it makes me so excited to read them!!!
“I’m sorry, Harl,” he said finally, one hand coming to rest in the kid’s hair. Harley finally pulled back, and Tony could see the kid’s eyes were red-rimmed. His guilt level hitched higher – just in time for another voice to pipe in.
“Boys.” Natasha’s voice sounded from the doorway, and Tony and Steve popped their heads up over the side of the bed to see Clint and Natasha both hovering at the entrance to their room. Natasha was looking at them with one eyebrow raised in judgment, and Clint looked like Christmas had come early.
“There’s a phone in the kitchen that everyone whose phone went missing is using until we can get new ones,” Rhodey offered, and Tony smiled and nodded, making a mental note to have some new phones shipped out here. He wasn’t sure where his own was, at this point. Probably shattered somewhere on Titan. Normally, he’d just use FRIDAY to call from his suit’s helmet or his earpiece, but his suit was still pretty shattered and his earpiece had fallen out at some point, so it looked like the shared phone would be his best bet.
they landed on the most amazing thing he’d ever seen. She looked exactly as he remembered, dark hair rumpled around her shoulders, deep eyes blinking at him in innocent intelligent curiosity, sleepiness tugging at her shoulders.
was real and here. But if she hadn’t been sleeping…Tony could only assume that was his fault. Rhodey was right, it was better to let her rest – neither of them were going anywhere. He nodded, relenting, and Rhodey gave him a small smile.
Steve looked up from the book he was reading as Tony came out of the bathroom, smiling at him. “Hey,” he called softly, putting his book aside as Tony padded over to the bed. Tony took one dubious look at the covers, gathered his nerve, and slid between them. And then Steve was
“One of the kindest, most generous, most selfless people I’ve ever met,” Steve interrupted, then smiled slightly. “And also a giant asshole.” Tony squawked indignantly, and Steve’s smile widened. “It’s okay, I happen to like assholes.”
“You will pay for this, Clinton Barton,” Natasha said calmly, and Clint looked like he was about to wet himself.
Steve made a choking sound, and Tony smirked. “I thought you said you were going to keep the innuendos to a minimum,” Steve protested, sounding mortified, and Tony shrugged, grinning cheekily.
Tony wasn’t sure who was more surprised that he’d pelted Captain America with a snowball: Steve or himself. Steve stared at him in shock for a moment, and Tony froze, fight or flight instincts leaning heavily towards
traveling with a guy who called himself Starlord, so honestly they were probably doing about as well as could be hoped for.
And then they’d sent him back, and he’d woken up in a hospital bed with his beautiful Pepper sleeping in a chair beside him, worry written into every gorgeous line of her face even in sleep. Morgan was dozing against her neck, but she opened her eyes when Tony’s heart monitor sped up.
bad headache. A him-sized headache, in fact, and he was very much considering apologizing to all his friends if this was the kind of headache they always got after the antics he pulled.
Tony nodded, swallowing. “Right. Okay,” he said, his voice raspy, the words hard to get out. “Go. Go suit up then.”
“It’s not Christmas without decorations!” he declared, but Tony just shrugged and the subject matter was dropped.
The apprehensive readiness to know the answer faded quickly into confusion as he looked over the small group of people who’d gathered as he and Nebula stepped out of the ship and noticed one very significant face missing.
“I know, you did that already – twice now,” Tony said, unable to suppress his confusion. The stones only looked amused, and Tony got the feeling he was missing something.
adopted Peter, he’s my protégé, there’s a difference,” Tony insisted loftily. Steve rolled his eyes, unable to hold back his smile.
- you two are staying right here,” Tony started, knowing there would be protests but ready to counter them.
“Where’s everyone else?” he asked, plopping into the seat across from Rhodey while he waited on the coffee to brew.
“I’m good, Point Break,” he said, wiggling his fingers at him. “See? Everything’s working just fine.”
“I’m pretty sure the booze helps with the bonding,” Tony pointed out, and Steve crossed his arms, giving him the Disappointed Captain America Look™. But Tony’d been faced the Disappointed Howard Stark Look™ and come out on top, so it wasn’t all that effective. Except that it kind of was. Because it was
“I have to second Harley, Mr. Stark,” Peter said quietly, and Tony’s head jerked up to see his other son standing a few feet away, mask held in one hand and looking at Tony with the saddest eyes he thought he’d ever seen. Tony felt this heart drop a little at hearing Peter call him by his last name; he’d been ‘Dad’ for a while, he
“You look at him like you looked at Mom, and he looks at you the same way,” she said matter-of-factly. “And Mom would want you to be happy. So you should be happy, Dad.”
Apart from that, his new memories didn’t tell him exactly what had happened – presumably since he wasn’t involved and he was mostly retired, so he got (and wanted) only the bare minimum of information – but he’d apparently heard enough to know that the Rogues ended up in Wakanda, just like before, and that Steve had eventually called him from Wakanda to tell him the truth about his parents.
The morning was surprisingly wonderful, with Tony and Steve working around each other as they showered and got dressed, having decided that a shared shower right now would probably result in a
“Just a kid from Tennessee that I have a connection with and his family. If they’re all okay,” he added, his tone flippant but his heart racing at the thought that they might not be. Steve gave him a long look.
And suddenly they were nose-to-nose again, both of them breathing heavily, anger written into the lines of their faces.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Steve said, his voice somber, and Tony swayed, his heart cracking. Nebula’s grip on him tightened, struggling to hold him up, and Rhodey stepped forward to help.
“The team,” Tony replied honestly, and Steve raised an eyebrow. “Just...it’s nice, being out here together. I like it.”
“Seconded,” Peter agreed, voice high-pitched. The duo exited the room, slamming the door shut after them.
Two years later, Earth is rebuilding, Tony is managing unruly children, and a threat looms on the horizon.
“Hey, angel. I missed you,” he murmured, tears streaming down his face as he pressed kisses against her hair.
“She was on the phone with someone when it happened. Tones, she didn’t fade away – the pilot did, and – and there wasn’t anyone else who could fly the plane.”
“Well, you know, I’m a little tired of this whole superhero thing. I think I’ve earned a little bit of time relaxing by the poolside, sipping frozen daiquiris and working on my tan,” he said in the same cheerful, untroubled voice, though there was an undercurrent of warning to it now that anyone who knew him well would hear. And Steve? Steve knew him well, but he was never one to heed warnings.
“Thor, if you can assemble any Asgardians who would be willing to fight, that would be helpful,” Natasha commanded.
He would adjust, and he would move forward as he always did; he was a futurist, after all. He just needed to find anything and everything that made the future of this world worth living in.
And then Steve was leaning in and his lips were on Tony’s, and Tony absolutely could not be held responsible for the squeak he let out in response, shock coursing through him. He paused only for a moment before his hands tentatively reached up, winding around Steve’s neck, and Steve’s arms wrapped around his waist in response, tugging him closer and pressing his body flush against Steve’s own as he deepened the kiss. Steve kissed like it was the last thing he would ever do and he was determined to make it his best, lips soft but demanding against Tony’s as one hand came up to cup Tony’s face, pressing them ever harder together, lips moving together insistently in a frenzied rhythm.
particular thorny part of being a parent. And now? Now he was terrified in a way that even seeing Thanos hadn’t accomplished.
Shocked, Tony’s arms closed around his kid with a small clank, looking at Steve helplessly, baffled at the sheer level of emotion Harley was displaying. Steve only smiled softly at him, and Tony swallowed noiselessly, humbled and amazed that someone cared about him like this.
“An excellent idea, Captain,” Thor boomed out, and Tony turned to see that the rest of the group were looking at him and Cap, Natasha with an inscrutable expression and Clint with a gleeful one. Bruce just looked resigned. “We warriors need to be well rested in case we are called upon for battle.”
“Excellent,” Tony said, a true, honest, broad grin spreading across his face. “I’m pretty sure the quinjet still works, so I’ll be there in like an hour, tops – so you better pack your bags fast.”
He took her face in his hands, brushing the tears away with his thumbs. “Mommy left,” he confirmed, and Morgan’s face crumpled. He fought to keep his own face from following suit, fusing his voice with the certainty and assuredness and
“Hey, whatcha sendin’ out an emergency contac – “ Rocket started, sounding irritated at having been disturbed, but Natasha cut him off.
And Steve…oh, that…that might be painful. But then again, he and Steve in his original timeline had never ended up the way they had in this last timeline. Maybe it wouldn’t hurt, maybe it would be okay.
“Sure, Tony,” he said, rolling his eyes, though his smile was amused. “Well, it’s getting pretty late. I think I’m going to turn in for the night.” He stood, and Tony stared up at him, sure that his yearning was displayed on his face for all to see.
With the kind of stubborn denial that had made him such a handful for Pepper to deal with all those years, Tony pushed those thoughts to the back of his mind, deciding they could wait until after breakfast – until after what was inarguably the most important part of his day, since, if this Morgan was
?” Steve spat, face getting progressively redder, and Tony’s eyes darkened, his face slipping into an emotionless mask.
Tony had gotten the scolding of a lifetime from him after waking up in a hospital, exhausted but alive, to the shock of his friends and family.
Because that’s what you did last time. But he couldn’t say that, so he shrugged. “Just seems like something you’d want to do. Right the wrongs and all that.”
“Are we not going to talk about why he’s calling Tony out specifically?” Steve interrupted, tension visible in every line of his body. Natasha turned to him, expression unreadable.
.” The word burst out of Tony more violently than any of them were used to, but Tony refused to take back his vehemence. Harley and Peter stared at him, and Tony wondered what they saw. He wondered if they could see how much it was killing him to let them go, to let them join this fight that had nearly killed many of his friends, that
“Oh yeah. Feels like it happened years ago.” Like 5 years, to be precise. “Don’t worry, Cap, we’re good. I’m sorry my plan to protect us ended up with a murder bot trying to kill everyone.”
And sure, he’d continued to act as Iron Man – but Pepper had been at his side this time around, and they’d never faced anything the two of them couldn’t beat. Nobody even got
“So I take it the conversation went well?” Tony whirled around to see Steve silhouetted in the doorway, smiling at him.
And Tony felt like she’d yanked the rug out from under him. “Every day, sweetheart,” he responded, his voice a little hoarse. She nodded seriously, looking at him contemplatively.
“It is,” Tony said with a soft smile before turning and letting Rhodey and Peter guide him back to the Compound. He could feel her curious eyes watching his back as they went.
“Yeah, I’m still here,” Morgan called, sounding both vaguely irritated and reluctantly charmed – Tony would like to claim that he had that effect on everyone. Stephen pulled back, eyes twinkling at him before turning to look at Tony’s daughter, who rolled her eyes at him. “I
“No, but it’s looking like I might be in another couple of seconds,” he said, bewildered, as Harley got in his face, poking him in the chest, face red and livid.
He rolled his eyes. “Oh my god, will he just get over it already! I stand by my decision to make sure he didn’t
Tony’s heart clenched, speeding up anxiously as he forcibly talked himself down from joining them so he could make sure his Steve, Rhodey, and Nebula, his
“Yup, been helping clear up one of the fallen buildings on third street. You?” Tony answered, picking up the conversation after a slightly-too-long pause and keeping his tone carefully casual - and
“Oooooh, look who’s under the mistletoe!” Clint crowed, and the sheer delight in his tone gave Tony a sinking feeling. He looked up. He and Steve had made it to the top of the staircase with their garland decorating and there, hovering right above them oh-so-innocently, was mistletoe that someone (cough, Clint) had deviously hung.
“There is more than one universe, Tony Stark,” Nebula said, and Tony blinked at her. As the words registered, so too did a dawning comprehension.
“Not ones that you would understand,” she responded, and that only made Tony more curious. “But this is not why you are here.”
“Sweetheart, it’s getting late, you need to get some sleep so you don’t end up like your old man, all wrinkly and gross,” he responded, running a hand through her hair tenderly. She giggled.
Steve smiled wryly. “Well, at least your mistake ended up with only a few people killed. Mine ended up with half the universe.”
Steve fidgeted uncomfortably. “I wanted to say I’m sorry. I should’ve listened to you when you tried to warn everyone about an impending invasion. I dismissed you, and I’m so sorry about that.”
Morgan had just returned from her second year at Kamar-Taj, draped in those ridiculous, weird, fashion-disaster robe things, and Tony would never
Natasha’s words echoed in his mind when he opened his eyes. Asking the wrong questions? Looking at it the wrong way? What could she have meant?
“Mr. Stark?” As though conjured by his thoughts, Tony heard Peter’s voice, the boy’s face lowering so that it hovered in front of his own. Tony tried to focus in on him, wanting to respond, to reassure, to even just
say is that I’ll do my best to come back to you. I’ve told my children this, and I’ll tell you – I don’t let go of what’s mine, and that means I’ll do everything I can to keep you safe and keep us together at the end of the day.” As long as it doesn’t destroy everyone and everything else, Tony added silently in his head, knowing that sentiment wasn’t what Steve needed to hear right now.
“Wait, you may want to – “ FRIDAY was frantically saying, and then the sound of the door banging open pulled Tony
The whole backyard when still and silent, the snow dripping slowly off Natasha’s blank expression, and Clint looked terrified.
“Rhodey?” he asked, voice breaking. “Buddy, are you okay?” There was no response. “FRIDAY, run scans,” he ordered curtly.
“Yup. Don’t feel bad if you end up getting handsy during the night in your sleep. Happens to the best of us, and I’ve been told I’m particularly irresistible,” Tony tossed out, setting his suitcase beside the other side of the bed, giving Steve a smarmy smile.
have is a daughter and two boys I consider sons and a few other people I care about who are still here – and they’re what’s going to take priority now. And I suggest you do the same – but if you decide to ignore me
“Tony?” Steve asked, shell-shocked. With practiced ease (and a small flare of delight lighting up his belly, though no one needed to know that), Tony grinned.
“Daddy?” her sweet little voice was curious and hopeful, and Tony felt frozen, relieved, grateful tears filling his eyes – but only for a moment before he kneeled down and opened his arms. With a brilliant smile, Morgan launched herself into them, arms wrapping around his neck as he hugged her to his chest.
“Tony Stark,” one of them growled, one hand (claw?) reaching to press a button on its other wrist. Welp, that probably didn’t bode well for him. He took advantage of the momentary distraction to blast that one, then turned his repulsors on the last one, only to find that that one had already run off.
Tony had dealt with the disaster waiting to happen that awaited him back in the master bedroom the same way he dealt with every problem that he didn’t have a solution for: by ignoring it and hoping the problem would solve itself in the meantime.
But then again, that also meant that that Peter and Harley and Steve and Morgan would be missing him now, would feel his loss. Perhaps it would be better in future timelines if he didn’t make those connections, if he just sought out Thanos from the start and ended it as quickly as possible. Perhaps that was less cruel; but it did leave him feeling empty inside, the bleakness of a future of hunting down 14,000,603 Thanoses with none of Peter’s smile, none of Morgan’s curious questions, none of Harley’s sass tugging at him.
Tony ducked his head, embarrassed at the hokey sentiment, but Steve just said warmly, “That sounds really nice, Tony.” And Tony looked up and smiled at him, dazzled when Steve smiled back.
“You tell that old man he has no sense of style!” he called as he walked. “Two words for him: Spangly. Outfit.”
suspect that he wasn’t the right Tony, did they? But Rhodey continued to grin at him, so Tony just rolled his eyes.
“We’re gonna go to bed, but FRIDAY will unlock the door when you’ve worked out your differences!” Peter called.
Oh, right, reclaiming his life. Might be a good idea to start by stopping his creepy staring-silently-into-space circus act.
after he flew a nuke into a wormhole in New York, Cap? Thor?” The dawning comprehension and fear on their faces was fairly amusing to watch, even though Tony was also feeling vaguely insulted. “It’s going to be
before. Like a memory of retiring completely from the Avengers after Ultron amidst the other Avengers’ suspicion and distrust. Like a memory of him and Pepper getting married surrounded by all their friends and her family – family that had been dusted in his true memories. Like a memory of raising Morgan in Stark Tower with Peter popping in periodically after Tony had figured out Spider-Man was just an extremely smart kid and had dropped in to give him gear and a stern lecture on keeping himself safe. Like a memory of kissing Pepper and hugging his daughter before putting on the suit for the first time in three years when aliens appeared in New York again, of racing after a wizard without any backup, of
been able to take down Thanos on her own. He’d had to resort to taking the power stone out of the gauntlet and blasting her away to keep her from beating him.
Steve’s eyes were searching, and Tony held his gaze until he found what he was looking for, giving a hesitant nod. “Okay,” he whispered, and Tony smiled, though it was nearly as sad as dream-Natasha’s. But Steve appeared bolstered. “Okay,” he said again, more firmly, turning back to the rest of the room but intertwining his hand with Tony’s. “So what’s next?”
Perhaps some of his internal torment was visible on his face, because Steve paused, expression clouding with sympathy. “I’m so sorry about Pepper, Tony,” he said softly, and Tony twitched, forcing his face into an emotionless mask.
So now he was facing down a pajama-clad Steve on one side of the bed, trying to work up the nerve to slide into the other side.
and also - so due to requests in the comments, I think I'm gonna do two spin-off fics: one for Tony visiting/fixing some of the other timelines, and one for what happened in some of those timelines after Tony left. So, if there's anything any of you guys would like to see in either of those fics - any pairings, any specific scenarios, any headcanons you have that you'd like to see explored, etc - please feel free to let me know in the comments or drop me a message on tumblr at @senpaibackthefuckoff, if that's easier for you!
of the timelines he’d lived; his love for Pepper was too consuming, too brilliant in this timeline. It was more that there was a sense of something being
“Aw come on, Brucie, let Green Bean have some fun,” Tony whined, then realized his mistake as Steve whirled around and set his sights on Tony, eyes narrowing. “Oh shit,” he squeaked, turning and running, grabbing handfuls of snow as he went and packing them quickly.
Well, no. He planted one on Steve Rogers, the man he’d been progressively falling for since the day they’d met. The man who was way too cheery in the mornings, who was an excellent breakfast cook but burned literally everything else, who sat in his lab and drew in his sketchbook for hours without complaining about the volume of Tony’s music, who had taken like a duck to water to the future and all the opportunities it presented. Who was his childhood hero, but was
I hope that part didn't ruin the characters for anyone! Tbh I don't do much in the way of planning out chapters, so I just let the characters direct themselves and that's where they took me. This chapter's 'planning' in my notes was: it's been two years, Tony has four children, Stony starts happening as Tony gets over Pepper, Thanos starts making his move and Carol notices, Thanos comes to Earth for Tony, aaaaand that was the extent of it. Things get away from me sometimes.
“Okay, who’s been letting Nebula look up insults on the Internet again?” Tony asked exasperatedly, shooting Steve a long-suffering look. Steve’s lips quirked up in a smile in return.
“Would,” Tony cleared his throat, losing his nerve for a moment, “would you want to come live with me at the Avengers Compound? There’s another kid here your age – Peter, you’d like him – and we can keep you safe.” There was a resounding silence on the other end, and Tony panicked. “You don’t have to! It’s just an offer, no pressure. I just thought you might want a place to stay, and Morgan could use another big brother anyway, but if you want to stay with the people in your town who you’ve grown up with, of course – “
“For as long as you want, Harl,” he said softly, then smiled to himself. “We’re connected, after all.” There was a choked off sob on the other end of the line that Tony didn’t comment on, staying silent until Harley had gathered himself.
“Before you start, Boss, I agree with the little Bosses on this. It’ll be better for your health and theirs if you work out your differences,” FRIDAY said in her no-nonsense tone, and Tony knew he and Steve really weren’t getting out of here until they’d fixed things.
Quite by accident, he made eye contact with the Soul stone, the one bearing Steve’s face, which was currently smiling strangely at him. “You are thinking of
“You’re telling me. I used to tell Bucky he took all the stupid with him, but I’m not so sure about that anymore.” Steve crossed the room, coming to sit by Tony at the kitchen table, the familiar weighty feeling settling over them as it always did with any of the survivors when one of the dusted was mentioned. Steve looked down at the table, expression unreadable. “Do you ever wonder if we’re still doing enough good? If we’re still heroes?”
“Please, Dad?” Peter piped up, and Tony sighed again. These children would be the death of him. He glanced at Nebula – and very carefully hid his surprise. Nebula was standing with her arms folded, very pointedly not looking at him but instead glaring at the boys, her expression the rigidly emotionless mask that meant that his answer
“Told you you’re a bad influence,” he said, folding his arms, and that startled a snort out of Stephen, who glanced at him in amazement before schooling his expression and looking back at Morgan.
“I don’t see how I can without just upsetting you more,” Steve said stiffly, not moving away from the door.
“I’m happy, princess. I’ve got you and your brothers and sister, Uncle Rhodey, Aunt Carol, and the rest of the Avengers – I’m
“FRIDAY, who was it - Harley or Peter? Or Morgan?” he added. She was a little young, but she was proving herself to be a lot like her old man - too smart for her own good.
Harley sighed, the sound scratchy over the phone. “Mom and Emily are gone.” And Tony’s stomach dropped.
Twenty minutes later, they were gathered around the crackling fire, stars twinkling in the midnight sky overhead as they held their marshmallows over the flames. The mood had mellowed, the earlier frenzy of laughter and playfulness fading into something more serene. Natasha and Clint were whispering to one another, probably plotting world domination or maybe fighting over which of Clint’s organs Natasha was allowed to take as penance for hitting her in the face with a snowball.
He yanked his eyes down to meet Steve’s who was gazing back at him nervously. Distantly, he heard Thor ask, “What is the meaning of this mistletoe?” and heard Bruce answer him. Clint started chanting “Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!” while Natasha’s judgmental, expectant silence rang through the air. But Tony just focused on Steve.
The noise sent the two of them flying apart and to their feet, Tony activating his watch-repulsor and Steve entering a fighting stance aimed in the general direction of the noise.
, his grey-streaked hair falling in soft, luxurious curls around his face, framing fury-filled eyes.
Tony beamed beatifically. “Now if you don’t mind, Captain, I need to call said mini-me.” Steve sighed heavily but gave him a dismissive wave, which Tony took as blanket permission and turned back to the kitchen.
“Wait for backup,” Natasha ordered tersely, knowing as well as Tony did that such an order would only hold Steve back for so long. “Who’s closest?”
As dusk fell, Bruce suggested they transition to hot chocolate and a Christmas movie, a proposal that was met with extreme enthusiasm and approval by Clint and Thor. Thor all but sprinted to the kitchen in his excitement over ‘the delightful Midgardian beverage that warms one from the inside’ with Bruce trailing exasperatedly behind to keep him from blowing anything up.
“I don’t know what I’ll do if they get hurt, if they – “ Tony choked on the last, worst word, unable to utter it, and Rhodey squeezed his shoulder, eyes understanding.
thank you very much, if he hadn’t known that was just how Cap was – stubborn and helpful to a fault.
“I blame Stephen. He’s a bad influence,” Tony grumbled, putting his elbows on the table and setting his chin heavily into his palms. Morgan gave him a half-smile and an eyebrow raise, amused.
The sound of another pair of repulsors approaching had him turning to see a familiar blue-and-silver armor. The helmet retracted to show a grinning Harley. “FRIDAY told me you found one of the Help I’ve Fallen And I Can’t Get Up Protocols,” he said, eyes flashing delightedly, and Tony scowled at him.
“You’re probably going to want to contact the NYPD, if we’re starting in New York – they’ll probably be coordinating with the fire department to hit up the spots that need the most help first.”
“Okay. Well, you can stay here as long as you like – you’re an Avenger, this is the Avengers’ Compound. No one will say anything.” Peter nodded, still looking forlorn, and Tony hesitated, uncertain if this was the right moment to bring this up. But hell, he’d have given anything to have someone say these words to him when his parents had died. So he steeled himself. “And, if you want, you can stay with me, wherever Morgan and I end up,” he offered tentatively and, when Peter’s eyes darted up, locking onto his with something like shock, he hurriedly continued. “You don’t have to, of course. Just, if you want to stay somewhere that isn’t the Compound – Morgan loves you like you’re her big brother, you’re practically family already – oomph.”
“Snowball fight!” Clint screeched, grinning manically as he reached down and packed the snow together before launching at Thor, who looked affronted when the snowball crumbled to pieces against his broad chest. And then it was
“I’ve heard Carol likes space. Maybe you could go with her next time, see how dark she likes her matter. See if she’ll let you unbuckle her asteroid belt and get near her wormhole. See if – “
“Careful, platypus, you’re starting to give off tentacle porn vibes,” Tony warned him, grinning wickedly at the disgusted expression on Rhodey’s face.
Rhodey stared at him, looking scared, but Tony knew his best friend could see how much this meant to him. “I promise.”
Tugging his shirt over his head, Tony crossed the room in two long strides, Steve hot on his heels as he pulled open the door. Natasha, for her part, didn’t even blink at the sight of the two of them together. Her eyes lasered in on Tony. “There’s something you need to see,” she said tersely, turning and walking away. Tony and Steve exchanged a glance and followed quickly.
,” he screeched, reaching for Peter’s hand with his free one. “C’mon, Pete, let’s go bleach our eyes.”
over the years; every ache, every doctor’s visit, every limitation to his movements reminded Steve that Tony probably had only a few good years left. Truly, it was a miracle he’d even lasted this long, what with all he’d put his body through over the years.
moves that might be construed as trying to fix what Thanos had done – so what was he up to? Maybe another planet had started doing what they’d originally attempted, and Thanos was after them?
“Like I haven’t built a million things of my own I can take to shoot down some aliens. The suit would just protect me while I do it,” he retorted, and Tony couldn’t hide his flinch.
. Best to do it with a sense of humor? He wasn’t getting through this otherwise. Plus, he didn’t think Nebula would appreciate a gushy, touchy-feely monologue about how he considered her his own anyway.
Okie so just a quick note before y'all start the chapter - some things get said in this chapter that may not paint certain characters in the best light, so just be prepared for that. These people are human, and they make mistakes and get upset and say things they'd regret!
Steve hesitated, internally warring with whether or not to pursue the argument further, then sighed and nodded. “You’re right. Again. And that was another thing I was wanting to talk to you about – moving forward. A lot of places were hit pretty hard in the snap – big car pileups when drivers dusted, boats crashing into the shore, and…and other stuff.”
He was here. He was here, and his family was okay, and his Peter was in his arms, his Harley, Rhodey, and Steve at his side, and his Morgan and Happy at home. He couldn’t ask for anything better.
He peeked over the top of the rock to see Thor storming Clint and Nat’s snow fortress, while Steve aimed at Bruce.
Thanos recovered quickly, though, snarling and pushing himself back towards Tony as Tony rushed towards him. The two met in the middle, Thanos throwing a punch with his gauntlet-covered hand towards Tony and Tony reaching an armor-covered hand out to catch the fist.
Steve took a deep breath, regret etching in as the anger drained away. “I’m sorry, okay?” he said, his voice quieter. “I just - you confuse the hell out of me, you always have. You’re just - you’re so unpredictable, it’s
“That’s not true,” Steve argued, though his voice held no heat. He looked at Tony earnestly. “When you got picked up by that spaceship, I said Earth had just lost her best defender, and I meant it, Tony.” Tony blinked, shocked into speechlessness. That – that was news to him. The original Steve had never told him that; he wondered if that Steve had said the same thing, or if this was unique to this world’s Steve. But Steve wasn’t done, either, continuing in the same sincere, impassioned tone, “You’ve always been the best of us. You fought for everyone even when they hated you, you fought with
“Do we have any idea what he’s after?” Steve asked, and Carol’s expression was all the answer they needed to that question.
. Steve just looked at him, anger and hurt swirling in his eyes, then turned on his heel and stalked out of the room - or tried to, rather. Because when Steve tugged on the door, it didn’t budge.
“You just won me a bet! Nebula said you didn’t think of us as your children and I said you did, so she bet that I couldn’t get you to admit it. You just called us your children, so I win!”
Carol, her face drawn and serious, nodded once. “Earlier today, I was assisting one of the planets that was hit especially hard by the snap, with a lot of their infrastructure getting damaged. This planet was a known haven for a couple of Thanos’s…children and, as such, there were rumors that some of his army took up residence there after the snap. While there, I overheard a conversation. Some of the locals were discussing what seemed to be a mass exodus of all of the beings they’d suspected of being supporters of Thanos. This sounded odd, so I reached out to my contacts on a few other plants, who all said the same thing. A few of them issued the same warning: Thanos is on the move.”
as it measured his worth. Tony returned to himself, looking at Steve with wide eyes. Steve smiled, so full of warmth and acceptance. “You asked us to protect everyone, to keep the universe safe from Thanos and his armies, and we are granting your wish.”
“Yeah.” Steve exhaled, long and loud, turning to stare out over the fire. “It’s just...it’s strange, you know? Sometimes it feels like so much has changed. The foods, the clothes, the people – everything’s so fast and flashy and
Steve gave him a small smile. “It occurred to me,” he admitted, “but who knows if we’d even be able to beat him with our depleted forces? The stones aren’t going anywhere. I think it’s better to help get everyone back on their feet before we stage any kind of mission to challenge Thanos.”
“I’m not sure I believe that you’re really trying to hold back any of your innuendos,” Steve said wryly.
“I’m pretty sure you adopted that new girl – what’s her name? Nebula?” Steve added, and Tony shook his head vehemently.
“What, you’re just done trying to help people now? You’ve decided you don’t want to risk your neck anymore and want to just let the rest of us take the hits?” he demanded, standing at the foot of the bed, arms folded. Tony closed his book and set it down on the nightstand, removing his reading glasses.
Automatically, Tony licked his lips, and watched with nothing short of amazement as Steve’s eyes followed the movement before darting back up to his. Tony’s heart thudded erratically in his chest, and he felt as though there was an invisible string between him and Steve slowly and insistently tugging them closer together.
Steve nodded. “A couple of kids decided it would be fun to explore one of the abandoned buildings that got hit but hadn’t completely fallen.” Tony groaned, already guessing where the story was going, and Steve smiled grimly. “Yeah, it started coming down pretty fast once they stepped inside. The fire department was on site first, and they issued a call. I was nearby and happened to hear it, so that’s where I ended up all afternoon.”
- of an idyllic life, complete with a beautiful, wonderful daughter? He pushed himself up, looking around; he was on the Milano – he was on the
“But Mommy left?” she asked, her voice holding the slightest tenor of hope, as though she hoped maybe he wasn’t the only one who would come back to her. And
“Mom would want you to be happy, though,” she told him, and Tony cocked his head, confused and more than a little caught off guard.
“Oh, I’ll have a lot of questions for you to answer later – but for now, I think there’s a special someone you want to talk to.”
And then he only had to wait a moment more before Peter was following in Harley’s footsteps and launching himself into Tony’s arms. Tony stooped down to catch him, letting the boy wind his arms around his neck and tugging him close. He pressed a kiss to Peter’s cheek and closed his eyes, one tear slipping out.
“We would not allow that to happen,” Pepper reassured him. “We gave you some of your counterpart’s memories so that you could be guided into doing as he would do until you were able to reunite with us. Fear not, Tony Stark, we will not leave any version of you to an unfortunate fate.” At that, Tony was mollified but still…overwhelmed? Overwhelmed seemed like as good a word as any.
Steve shook his head and smiled fondly. “Sure, Tony.” He stood up, then offered Tony a hand, which Tony took, and they clambered back to the rest of the group. The fight had devolved to Natasha, Clint. and Thor all giggling and throwing snowballs at each other with impunity. Tony wasn’t sure when Clint and Natasha’s alliance had died or how, but they weren’t holding back on each other now, the two spies doing all sorts of bendy things to dodge snowballs and Thor aiming with what was probably excess force.
. Clearly expecting some sort of snappy response, Steve’s expression started to change as Tony held quiet, to turn confused, and Tony quickly pulled himself together.
” Tony squawked, gesturing at the innocent-looking appliance violently. Morgan took one look at it, recognition lighting her eyes, then burst into peals of laughter. “Morgan! Morgan, it’s not funny!”
His wish had been simple – more time, he’d requested, entirely aware of the irony considering just how
“They’re Christmas decorations! Like, lights and trees and ornaments and wreaths and shit. They’re to make the place more festive! C’mon, guys, there’s a ton of awesome stuff up here – we should deck this place out! Get in the Christmas spirit!”
Tony snapped his fingers, knowing the cost, knowing it was the last thing he’d ever do with his life, holding one single thought, one directive like a lifeline and
He’d almost made it to the kitchen when he came across someone he wasn’t totally sure he was ready to see yet. “Tony,” Steve greeted him cordially enough, though his expression revealed his hesitance.
“Oh, kid, you aren’t crying, are you?” Tony asked awkwardly, smiling and patting him on the arm. “You know you can’t get rid of me, don’t you? Once I’ve claimed you as my own, you’re stuck with me for the rest of your life.”
“Pepper?” he whispered beseechingly, and he knew he had his answer before anyone said a word when Rhodey’s face crumpled, when Natasha looked pained, when Thor looked sympathetic, when Steve shook his head.
, and right after I – after we – “ Steve broke off, eyes agonized, and Tony’s heart clenched. Before he could second guess himself, he reached up and tugged Steve’s face down to his, kissing him forcefully.
you, and you’re abandoning us! You never used to back down from a fight, Tony,” Steve said, and his voice was so full of the trademark Captain America disappointment that Tony felt his temper slip away from him.
Tony gasped, clutching his chest in mock-offense. “From my own daughter? Such betrayal! I didn’t save the universe for this!”
The funeral was worse, no words that he could say holding a candle to nearly 30 years of marriage – in this lifetime, at least – and much longer of dancing around each other before finally getting their heads out of the sand. Morgan was by his side the whole time, hand gripping his wrinkled, wizened one with her mother’s strength, keeping him afloat. And after, she and the boys had visited him more often at the Tower that he and Pepper had never quite gotten around to moving out of. Nebula even stopped by for a visit, regaling him with tales of her space adventures, which seemed to be far more numerous and perilous than they should be – but then again, she
He pinged Natasha on a private line. “Natasha, I think they need more help,” he said brusquely. “Thanos is…he’s too much.”
And still, the split had happened. Steve, Barnes, Sam, Scott, and Clint had still teamed up – though Wanda was notably missing from their ranks, having stayed with Vision on the other side, along with Rhodey, T’Challa, and Natasha. Spider-Man had been conspicuously absent, with this world’s Tony having kept Peter up-to-date on what was happening with the Accords and cautioning him that he didn’t
“Tasha’s right, Steve,” Tony said lowly, touching Steve’s arm to offer the semblance of comfort. Steve turned to him, and Tony was struck by how
But he recovered, he smiled more, he became used to life with only her memory, and he moved forward. He got older, and the next great sadness of his true lifetime came from the looks he caught on Steve’s face when Steve thought he wasn’t looking. Tony was one of the last living Avengers, one of Steve’s oldest friends, and Steve had become his
“Sure, honey,” she said placatingly, patting him on the cheek, and he narrowed his eyes at her suspiciously.
“Tell Tony to be careful,” she said finally, voice tight. Steve gave a murmur of affirmation, and then Tony completely tuned them out.
And if he took a really warm shower and changed into dry clothes while he was fetching them, well, that was the advantage of being the host.
And then she was there, his beautiful firebird, his own personal phoenix, his Pepper who had been with him through every moment of Iron Man’s progression, who had told him once that he was going to kill himself trying to be a hero, who had told him to go be a hero (this one last time, they’d both known, though they would never have admitted they knew he wouldn’t be coming back) because she knew he wouldn’t be able to rest if he didn’t. “FRIDAY?” she prompted without looking away from her dying husband's eyes.
“Guess that means it’s us, then,” Cap said with a small, shy smile that made Tony’s stomach flip. Well, shit.
story in a diff fic, if people would be interested? I know it’s not one of the two main pairings I’ve been using, but idk, IronStrange is cute imo ^^) Aaaand that brings you to where we are. It’s about a decade after Thanos’s original snap, and since Morgan was born a little earlier in this timeline, she’d be in her early 20s now. Hope you enjoy!
he’d told her how proud he was like twelve times already while she blushed and shoved him away with a pleased grin. He wasn’t Howard). She’d visited multiple times over her two-year magic immersion, and every time had been increasingly chaotic as she learned more and more. But this? This took the fucking cake.
But she never was, and each time that realization struck him, he felt the impending inability to deny the truth any longer approaching – and that was a moment he wanted to delay as long as possible.
Someone (Tony suspected Clint) wolf-whistled, and Tony drew back, waiting for a reaction. Steve just looked at him, shocked and red-faced.
“See,” Steve cried, gesturing wildly, abandoning his door-surveillance and moving further into the room. “That’s exactly what I mean. I can’t say
“Tony, maybe you should rest a little before you see her,” Steve suggested as Rhodey and Peter settled him in a chair in the kitchen. Natasha stood beside him, the two of them looking slightly uncomfortable but concerned, and Tony’s patchy new memories informed him that he’d fallen out with them after Ultron. They hadn’t believed him when he’d said Ultron had come online because of the corruption of the mind stone, that
“I would not go that far,” Nebula muttered, and Tony raised a questioning eyebrow. “I still maintain that your head has not worked right since before I met you.”
“I missed you, too, Daddy,” she said, her voice muffled from where her face was buried against his neck. “I thought you weren’t coming back. They said you were gone like Mommy.”
Steve shrugged. “I don’t know, it’s just...sometimes I feel like we lost the right to be heroes when we didn’t stop Thanos, and we haven’t been able to get it back.”
“Oh, no no no!” Bruce called, holding his hands up. “Unless you want the Big Guy to come out and play, you better not hit me with any of those!”
And wasn’t that the pathetic truth of the matter; Tony would always wait for Steve. He hoped his face wasn’t showing the constipated sort of pain he was feeling at how close to home those words hit. But Steve was looking at him with those penetrating, kind eyes and a soft, open expression, and Tony just couldn’t
Tony smiled, eyes shining with joy and delight. “It’s a long story, Steve – but we’ve got lots of time.”
“…he had the excited-face on,” she responded, half-indignantly, half-sheepishly. Tony rolled his eyes
“Since the thing about dark matter,” Peter said, standing in the doorway to the kitchen and rubbing sleep out of his eyes, looking waaay too innocent in his Iron Man pajama pants and SI t-shirt. Tony laughed, the sound high pitched and forced.
And yet there was a part of him that wished he’d grown numb to the pain the day that they buried Pepper.
. “I’ve been doing a lot of thinking,” she began, voice steady and determined; she was Tony and Pepper’s daughter, she knew how to present the face she wanted everyone to see. “I have my PhD’s, and I’ve worked with Dad for a while and learned a lot about the company – but I think I can do more if I…expand my horizons a bit. I was hoping – “ and she hesitated here, nerves breaking through, but Tony watched her steel herself and continue. “ – I was hoping I could accompany you to Kamar-Taj when you return and start learning the mystic arts.”
Tony darted over. “Stephen! Stephen, you have to fix me before Morgan comes back with her camera and uses this to blackmail me!” he cried, but Stephen stubbornly didn’t open his eyes, face serene.
Tony gripped Rhodey’s shoulder, heart thumping erratically in his chest, needing to ask but terrified of the answer. “Morgan?” he finally bit out – and there was a moment where he wasn’t sure if Rhodey would even know who he was talking about. After all, his true memories told him Morgan shouldn’t exist yet. But things were similar and yet
So as an explanation for the disclaimer at the beginning of the chap - I tend to think of Tony and Steve as hotheads and fairly likely to say hurtful things to each other that they don't really mean when they're arguing. Steve has demonstrated that he tends to make snap judgments on Tony's motivations/character in the Avengers movies, and Tony has lost his temper and snapped at him ('everything special about you came out of a bottle', anyone?), so that was why the argument happened the way it did. It def wasn't an attempt at making either character look bad or mean or anything, just showing two people who rub each other the wrong way sometimes trying to work out their feelings and just fucking make out already.
“Hey, Stark, what’s a guy gotta do to get some booze around here?” Clint called from what Tony would bet was the living room. He walked through the halls, rounding the corner to see Clint sprawled across one couch, Natasha perched on the arm, and Thor sprawled over another, while Bruce was curled up in the chair closest to the fire.
“Try not to be such a beacon of sunshine and optimism, Rocket,” Natasha said drily, leaning onto her palms over the table, braid falling forward. “You brought this information to us, Captain – I’m assuming you have a plan?”
“I don’t think the kid is buying it, Tones,” Rhodey stage-whispered with a shit-eating grin. Tony glared at him.
“Fair enough,” Natasha responded, hiding a smile. She turned her attention back to Carol. “What’s our timeline?”
“I was afraid of that,” she muttered, shoulders slumping just the slightest before she straightened, eyes determined. “Okay, we’ll just have to win without you.” She hesitated, then glanced back and forth between the two. “Maybe head this way though…in case we don’t.”
His insistence was as desperate as it was emphatic, throwing all his mental fortitude at the stones and praying, wishing,
“Low blow, kid.” To his credit, Harley looked at least marginally chagrined, but his jaw was still set in stubborn lines.
When they said their goodbyes, it was with a lot more lightheartedness than how they’d said their hellos, and Tony was grinning, relieved and excited, when he finally hung up the phone.
Thanos appeared on the screen, the camera having panned to where he was reclining on a chair that looked to be built of the buildings and property he’d destroyed. He was barking out orders to his troops, commanding them to search the streets, to turn over every building – and then Tony understood why Natasha had specifically sought him out, and the others in the room turned to stare at him as Thanos’s last demand echoed through the room.
“That should cover enough fighters for two ships, then,” Natasha said. “I can be the hacker on one ship. Do we have one more?”
“It’s okay, I forgave you a long time ago,” Tony finally responded, and Steve gave him a strange look.
“You’d think they didn’t know people fucked anymore,” he grumbled, rolling so that he was tucked into Steve’s side, cheek resting on his shoulder. Steve pressed a kiss to his forehead, smiling indulgently.
And his tone was so earnest that Tony had to blink and convince himself he hadn’t just hallucinated the conversation. “Really? I thought you’d be chasing after Thanos by now.”
” Tony gasped, shocked, and now Steve’s eyes were wide and panicked, but Tony was having a moment of panic of his own. “Oh my god, Cap, you have to know what a bad idea that is. I mean, you’re
“Great, just great. What the fuck was the point of making an Artificial Intelligence if she doesn’t even listen to me,” Tony growled, folding his arms and glaring at one the cameras. It was then that he realized the other person this affected was being conspicuously quiet. He turned to glare at Steve, who was staring at the door like he was debating how hard he had to kick it before it would come down. “You gonna say anything, Cap?” he demanded, and Steve turned to meet his eyes.
“Nebula said Thanos doesn’t do anything without reason, so there has to be a reason he needs Tony! If we could figure out what it is, maybe it’s key to bringing him down!” Steve argued.
Stomach dropping, Tony filled in where Cap had dropped off – planes crashing into things. So far, he’d mostly been able to ignore the ache of Pepper’s absence with a steady stream of complete denial that she was gone. Sure, he’d given Morgan the speech about Mom being gone but that didn’t mean he personally had accepted it. He still half-expected to run into her any time he turned a corner, scolding him for letting Morgan have that second cookie or for making too much noise in the workshop at 3 a.m. the previous night.
When he opened his eyes, it was with the delighted awareness that things had changed. He sat up slowly, but the aches and pains of old age were gone, and he held up his smooth, unwrinkled hands to the light, marveling when they didn’t shake as they had once he’d hit 80.
“I’m currently with a group of Skrull who have agreed to contribute a ship and will accompany me. We have with us a technician who could feasibly hack into a database on board, as well as four who have fought in battles before. I think one to two more ships with a hacker and a handful of fighters on board would be ideal.”
“Hey, bambina,” he said, his voice sounding strange and distant to his own ears. Detachedly, he noticed Rhodey shepherding Peter discreetly out of the kitchen, leaving the two of them alone.
“Daddy’s awake,” Morgan had said, and Pepper’s head had whipped around so fast Tony was surprised she hadn’t gotten whiplash.
. What that meant for his memories, he wasn’t sure. But, he decided, best to worry about that later. He sagged in Rhodey’s grip, Nebula still steadying him on his other side. “She’s fine,” Rhodey said softly. “She was with me when it happened, and I brought her here to the Compound.”
And Steve still looked angry, but the first vestiges of regret were starting to slip into his expression. But Tony wasn’t finished, and he stepped steadily closer to the blond.
“I’m 18,” Peter said immediately, his voice quiet. “Dad or not, I get to make my own decisions because I’m legally an adult.” And Tony blinked at him, thrown. He’d never seen his original Peter – or his original Harley and Morgan – reach legal adult age, had never have to deal with
Tony has two adopted sons, an adopted daughter, and a biological daughter, and he just wants all of them to be happy.
“You all okay?” he asked the civilians, who looked shell-shocked and petrified but nodded. “Good, try to get out of here or find somewhere to hide, yeah?” They nodded again.
, mostly just seeing each other when it was required by their respective jobs, which was the majority of most days. Jobs he’d given them. He’d always wondered what it would be like to be part of a group of friends, and it was...
Morgan took a deep breath, looking like she was preparing herself, and Tony realized his daughter was
world, and his family was together. The stones had been pleased but also seemed sad to say goodbye, though they’d promised they would appear to him when he was ready for his wish. He was glad they hadn’t asked him to make it right then, because 50 million years and 14,000,604 lifetimes hadn’t quite been enough to reveal to him what it should be. They had only smiled when he said that, the Soul stone reassuring him that it would come to him when it was time.
“Old Man Bifoc - I’ve never named any protocol that!” he declared, insulted. “Which munchkin did it, FRI?”
And they both rolled over, Steve clicking off the lamp on the nightstand and casting the room in darkness. Well, darkness sans Tony’s personal nightlight. Suddenly worried the arc reactor would annoy Steve, he buried himself further under the blankets, trying to cover the glow. Steve didn’t say anything, though, so Tony started to relax. Which then gave him time to start panicking about other things. Like how he could feel Steve’s warmth under the covers. And how Steve’s calf brushed his when he shifted. And how his heart was thundering a hundred miles an hour and Steve could probably hear it.
(and as weird as it felt), he fervently thanked the Tony who’d stepped in and saved his universe so that he could have this moment of perfect happiness.
Tony blinked, mind boggled. “That’s…got to be confusing for that Tony,” he finally settled on saying.
Tony crushed everyone at Monopoly as Natasha muttered Russian invectives under her breath and Clint threatened him with a butter knife and accused him of cheating. (Thor was the first one out, to no one’s surprise, though he protested loudly that it was only because he didn’t understand Midgardian currency.) Natasha and Clint dominated at charades, with Bruce and Tony in a relatively close second, and Thor and Steve in a very distant third – though, to be fair, one of them wasn’t from this realm and the other had missed the past 70 years.
“And if you think I’m not going to follow you as soon as you leave here, you really are going senile,” Harley said, his voice the same level of firm and assured.
After Original!Tony snapped his fingers and was whisked away for a major revelation with the stones, the Tony from
particularly unfair comment, she kissed his cheek and sashayed away smugly, knowing her husband was staring after her.
“I do,” Thanos responded, eyes glittering as he stepped closer. Steve and Rhodey tensed, and Steve tapped him on the arm as though urging him to back up. Tony didn’t move, eyes locked on the armored purple monster and having the strangest thought that the most dangerous being in the universe looked strangely…
, never letting anything stop you from protecting everyone, even the people you’re trying to protect.”
“Tony Stark,” Ebony Maw drawled, hands clasped behind his back. “You have the privilege of your presence being requested by the great Thanos. There is no greater hono – “
“Thanks,” he managed to respond, then dragged his eyes away from Steve when he remembered his daughter was still in the room. He turned to offer her a smile, freezing at the sight of the measuring look on her face as she glanced back and forth between them. She didn’t say a word, though – simply smiled, nodded to herself, and followed after her brothers.
sounded. Tony turned to see his daughter holding up her camera phone, a shit-eating grin on her face.
Tony frowned at him. “Excuse you, I’ve done no such thing! Name one child that I’ve adopted!” he demanded, recalling Rhodey expressing a similar sentiment the day before.
So he’d left the Avengers, and he hadn’t spoken with them since. His memories told him the Accords had still happened, and he had still signed them in case he needed to fly individual missions as Iron Man (though he hadn’t, not till New York). But in this world, he hadn’t gotten involved in the process – he’d stayed home with his family, he’d let them work out the Accords on their own. He’d played with his daughter, helped Peter train, taught Harley about arc reactor technology, loved his beautiful wife.
Stephen looked down at him, amusement emanating from him in insufferably adorably arrogant waves. “That so?” he murmured, smirking, and Tony nodded vigorously. “Guess I’ll just have to make it up to you somehow, in that case. Any ideas on how I could do that?” he asked, and Tony felt an involuntary shiver arc through him at his husband’s tone.
“My father would not be gathering his army unless he felt there was a threat to the order he believes he’s created,” Nebula said, her voice dark.
He muttered to himself as he pushed himself out of the bed, stumbling over to his dresser and pulling out some of his more age-neutral clothes and making a mental note to have FRIDAY order him some new t-shirts and such when he got a moment. He’d just pulled the shirt over his head when he heard a creak behind him, and he whirled around – to see Steve standing in the doorway, staring at him, eyes wide and face white, looking as though he’d seen a ghost. Or rather, was seeing a ghost.
Finally, he got the response he expected when Steve blushed, ears turning bright red. Maybe Tony wasn’t losing his touch after all.  “I’ll keep to my side of the bed,” he promised stiffly. “Had to share beds with boys in basic all the time, and they certainly weren’t as big as this one.”
“Tony – “ Steve started, and Tony shook his head, pinning him with a glare so furious it could melt vibranium. But when he spoke, his voice was low, soft and dangerous.
“I’d say I’m honored, Purple People Eater, but I’m really not,” Tony drawled, and Rhodey let out a quiet pained groan beside him. The tugging sensation was becoming steadily more insistent, but Tony willfully ignored it.
And then he saw them. He didn’t think they’d appeared from nowhere; rather, it was like they’d always been there, but he’d only just now noticed them. Six figures silhouetted at the top of a hill, glowing the colors of the stones he knew with some strange intuitive certainty that they represented. And so he approached, and they watched him come, not moving closer but not moving further away, until he stood in front of him. He was both surprised and not surprised that he recognized them: Steve, glowing with the gold of the Soul stone; Peter, the bright yellow of the Mind stone; Morgan, the calm green of the Time stone; Pepper, radiating the red of the Reality stone; Nebula, stoic in the blue of the Space stone; and Harley, the blaring purple of the Power stone.
“Bonding,” Steve said firmly, still looming in all his righteous glory, looking like he was about to start shooting red, white, and blue rainbows out of his ass despite being dressed down in jeans and a sweatshirt. “We’re bonding. Tony, do you have a spot where we could make a campfire?”
Before Tony could reach for Bruce and declare that science bros should be roomies, Thor reached out and clapped a hand on Bruce’s shoulder. “Friend Banner, would you do me the honor of sharing quarters with me? I would know more of your green friend and how he came to be. His strength is quite impressive!”
Steve smiled, hand coming up to cradle Tony’s cheek, and Tony leaned into it. Steve used that hand to tilt Tony’s chin up, and this time the kiss was soft and slow, sweet in a way Tony had come to associate intimately with Steve Rogers.
think, because you don’t have any kids,” Tony snapped, and Steve recoiled as though he’d been slapped. And Tony knew he’d said something particularly nasty, but he was too deep in his anger to care. “You just made assumptions about me and my character like you always have.
shocking of which was that the multiverse? Was apparently a real thing? That actually existed outside of bad scifi novels?
. Because I’m not one, is that right, Cap? I’m just here to step over everyone else who’s laying on the line.” And by the end of his spiel, they were standing almost nose-to-nose, Tony’s flinty brown eyes glaring up into Steve’s stormy blue ones.
Steve frowned. “Well, yeah, but don’t you have a term for that now? Bisexual? I’m pretty sure someone briefed me on that in all the cultural updates I got.” Steve shrugged uncomfortably. “I didn’t know that’s what I was growing up and all, but I always had an eye for both the men and the dames.”
“Ah, my shield brothers on Asgard and I also compare the sizes and merits of our weapons. It is a time-honored tradition of great importance,” Thor boomed, and Clint and Tony made eye contact and simultaneously looked away, holding in laughter. Giggles would undoubtedly tip Cap off that something was up, and Tony didn’t feel like explaining dick jokes to Captain America. As it was, Bruce was giving them a reproving look, and Natasha rolled her eyes.
The rest of the battle passed much the same way for Tony – getting recognized by Chitauri and one of Thanos’s children coming a few moments later. He caught glimpses of the others periodically, though they were generally spread fairly thin and mostly ran into each other when someone called for backup. So far, no one had made it to Thanos, and Tony wasn’t sure whether that was a good sign or a bad one. The battle, while not necessarily in their favor due to the sheer
“Oh I do, do I?” he mocked. “Well, I’m a little slow, so why don’t you spell it out for me, Cap? What
Tony tried not to stare in shock. Had Cap ever apologized to him in his previous life? For that matter, had he ever apologized to Cap? Apologies were something they were both notoriously bad at, and their version of apologizing was usually talking around the issue until they both agreed they were cool. So
“Where’s Morgan?” Tony asked as soon as they stepped inside, looking around as though expecting his daughter to pop out of the walls. Carol was glancing around the Compound intently, as though memorizing its layout. Nebula and Rocket weren’t too far behind, muttering quietly back and forth to each other, and Thor trailed behind them as though uncertain where he belonged.
And if Rhodey and Nebula hadn’t been holding him up, he’d have crumpled to the ground at that news. “Oh god,” he whispered, agonized at the thought that his sweet, beautiful Pepper’s last moments hadn’t even been the peaceful dissolution of the snap, but had been a plane spiraling towards the ground, that she’d known she was going to die and hadn’t been able to prevent it – and
“Are you incapable of being serious for one damn moment? You’re really just going to sit here on your ass and let the rest of us do the work? You
Tony laughed, the sound breathier than he’d have liked. “Cap, this is one of the okay-est things that’s ever happened to me.”
“Yeah, it’s me, kiddo. I wanted to check on you, make sure you were behaving, hadn’t gotten yourself into trouble again, yadda yadda.”
“I want you to give me some fucking credit and trust that I have reasons for the things I do that you don’t necessarily agree with, Steve!” Tony yelled, taking a few steps closer to Steve before he even realized it.
“Pretty sure Nebula’s a special case there, Mr. Ladies’ Man,” Steve warned, barely suppressed laughter in his voice, and Tony shrugged exaggeratedly.
He paused, Rhodey and Peter coming to a halt with him, turning to face Nebula. “Hey Bionic Woman, come find me later,” he invited softly. “I have some more games I can teach you.”
Harley and Peter had been there to welcome her to the Avengers when it was time, the two of them having done a lot of the recruiting for the newest generation of superheroes. The seemingly eternally youthful Carol and Steve had ended up as co-leaders for the Avengers after the others had retired, though Carol started passing on a lot of the duties to Harley when Rhodey got older. To keep her husband entertained post-retirement so he didn’t go getting himself into trouble, she’d joked at their Christmas party, but Tony had seen the way her eyes followed Rhodey that night, had seen the look on her face. It was the same one he often saw on Steve’s when the realization that he was going to outlive the people he considered family hit him especially hard.
He glanced around, wondering at the location – and wondering at the emptiness. There wasn’t a soul in sight, none of the Chitauri, none of his friends, not even any bodies left behind. It was empty, and it should’ve been eerie, but mostly it was just
,” Tony hissed, and Steve drew back, eyes widening in sudden understanding. “So tell me, Steve - if I go on this little expedition and die, are you going to come back and tell my kids that they don’t have any parents anymore because I wanted to play hero on a mission that I wasn’t even sure would keep them safe? Because make no mistake - I will die for my children, and for the rest of you, if it comes down to it, but I will
“Science won’t stop existing just because I learn magic,” she reasoned, folding her arms, and Tony knew he’d lost this argument. She was too much like her mother, and the folded arms and stern stare told him she’d made up her mind and his exceedingly rational and well-thought-out protests would be falling on deaf ears.
Iron Man on the field. I’d say the only major strategic change is that we need to keep as much distance between Tony and Thanos as possible, but I’m guessing Tony already thought of that,” she said, turning a raised eyebrow on Tony, who shrugged.
“The doorway to a girl’s room! Where you would chastely kiss her on the cheek goodnight and go your own separate ways!”
When Steve finally pulled back, they were both breathing hard for different reasons. Steve looked at him expectantly – expecting what, Tony couldn’t say, dazed as he was. “You said fuck,” Tony said dumbly, and a small smile quirked at Steve’s lips.
The second door they passed, Tony heard Bruce’s nervous voice muffled through the door saying, “Thor I don’t think it’s a good idea to – “ followed by a resounding crash. Steve looked alarmed, but Tony shook his head.
you’re the best with technology out of all of us. Rocket may be a good pick for this mission because he has more experience with alien tech, but you outstrip Natasha by
A couple of hours later, he was back in the Compound, plunked down in a chair in the kitchen downing water like his life depended on it.
, you’ll miss out on your super important mission in three days,” Tony said sarcastically. “And we can’t have that, not when you’ve made it abundantly clear it’s so important to you.”
He still grumbled to himself, though, as Morgan continued to giggle at him. He narrowed his eyes at her. “Alright, princess, it’s time to go to sleep,” he said firmly, leaning down to press a kiss to her forehead. She let out a whine of annoyance, but settled into the mattress, squirming as he tucked her in. Satisfied with his tucking-in skills, he stood and headed for the doorway.
“Aw, you say the sweetest things, snookums,” he goaded, and Maw lashed out, sending a few cars hurtling in his direction. Tony blasted them out of the way, then fired the big cannons, blasting Maw off his feet. Tony followed, not waiting for Maw to get up before he blasted him again. Maw threw out a hand, and Tony went flying, catching himself with his repulsors before he could crash into a building. The alien seemed to have anticipated that, though, because a car flew his way, knocking him out of the sky even as he caught himself.
They were attacking as one, coordinating in the way that only a group of people who’d lived together and worked together as long as they had really could, even if the past two years hadn’t seen many battles. Nebula was the main wild card, but she knew her father inside and out and compensated for her lack of experience with the others fighting alongside her with an intimate knowledge of how Thanos was going to attack and how best to counter him.
“Show him the new shield you designed for him, bambina,” Tony called back, keying in the last of his notes before closing his current project. He leaned back in his chair, content to relax for a moment, when he was suddenly being embraced from behind and a soft kiss was pressed to his cheek.
“I think there’s some in the attic, but I don’t come out here often,” he responded, and Clint pouted.
“Mom always liked to have our place decorated for Christmas,” Tony said, not sure where the words were coming from. Steve was looking at him intently now, blue eyes focused on his; Tony did
“We should debrief,” Steve said, eyeing Tony calculatingly with hope. “You fought him, you could – “
Steve’s eyes snapped up to meet his, confused, brow furrowed. “What? What makes you think I’m not into guys?”
Tony couldn’t have stopped his mouth from dropping if he’d tried. “Oh, Morgan, honey – I’m not – that’s not – “ Flustered, he had no idea where he was going with that sentence, but Morgan didn’t seem to be listening much anyway.
And the boys left quickly, as though afraid Tony would rescind his permission if they tarried too long. Tony stared after them, unable to look away until Rhodey gripped his shoulder. He turned to look at his best friend.
The Chitauri. Tony would recognize them anywhere. They were back, and if they were back, that could only mean –
to be sympathetic and sweet and funny and amazingly sarcastic all at the same goddamn time. They’d been spending a lot of time together over the past two years, helping with reconstruction efforts and just generally living in the same building, and the tentative friendship that they’d crafted before it had fallen to shit had reformed and then become full-fledged, with Steve spending enough time doodling in his lab that Tony had made him a special “art” spot – purely for safety reasons, of course.
“Right, uh, that’s probably for the best. Team dynamics and all,” Tony said just as awkwardly, hoping he was keeping the strain out of his tone. “Plus, you know, your whole not-being-into-guys thing.”
And in the end, there was only one answer he could give them knowing that. “No. No, I don’t want to change my wish.”
“Seems like the simple solution would be to just take it off. Or destroy it. Seriously, Angry Grape, you can’t have come all this way just for the simplest pieces of advice in the universe,” Tony scoffed, raising an unimpressed eyebrow. Thanos halted his pacing to glare at Tony before resuming, his pace becoming more frenzied.
of “wasted” time, and Steve needed to check in with Natasha on preparations for the mission. But even without the amazing shower sex that Tony insisted they had to have in the very near future, it was such a peaceful, perfect,
“Life functions critical,” FRIDAY responded, distraught but trusting that Pepper would come up with something,
“DAD TELL NEBULA YOU CONSIDER HER ONE OF YOUR CHILDREN,” Harley screeched as he, Nebula, Peter, and Morgan burst through the kitchen door, the door having slammed into the wall behind them.
. “What?” he croaked, not letting himself get his hopes up until he had confirmation that they were saying what he thought they were saying.
CEO of SI – her mother’s genes, he always insisted when he saw her ruthlessly cut down any business associate who dared to cross her – then eventually taking up her parents’ mantle in the armor when Pepper and Tony got old enough to retire.
, was still breathing, was still alive, hadn’t been incinerated by Thanos’s blast, the last thing Tony had seen racing towards the suit’s camera before the feed had gone black.
“Steve,” Tony responded neutrally, making to keep walking when Steve’s hand shot out and wrapped around his arm.
Although, there had been some oddities over those days as well. Like a bunch of ‘memories’ popping up that differed vastly from Tony’s own – memories of things that happened
“Sorry, sorry, okay,” Steve said placatingly, the barest hint of impatience tinging his voice. Then it turned demanding, commanding – the good ole Captain America voice dusting itself off. “But surely you got something out of him? A location? Coordinates? We need to know how to –“ and Tony felt himself snap, the same way he did last time.
