Received 13/5/2018 10:37
Laundry.  John should do a load of laundry.  He was getting remarkably short on clean pants and socks.
“Oh.  Right.”  Fuck, fuck, fuck.  Did I read that all wrong?
Gripping the envelope Harry gave me in one hand and shoving the other in my pocket to stop from fidgeting, I say, “Thank you for coming along tonight -- I hope that was okay.”
The crowds had already started to gather, which at least gave the soldiers something to do, answering the same five questions repeatedly and keeping mourners on the pavement to clear the route for the funeral procession. John was surprised by the number of people already out, and the size of the crowd would only grow over the next few hours. In spite of the cold, the people of London and farther afield were turning out to honour their King.
(See the end of the chapter for
I study his face as he waits for me to respond.  The expression in his eyes is at once expectant and cautious, and I feel awful for having to dash his hopes.
“There’s nothing here,” I gasp.
Next to them, someone struck up another song and Mac was distracted, his voice joining in with the crowd, and the others followed suit.  Sensing his opportunity, Sherlock sang and jostled his way to the edge of the group and then merged into the crowd, disappearing between the waving arms and raised voices to make his way back to the column and John, flask smuggled into the inner pocket of his coat.
“No, I’m on my own on Saturdays.”
Young John Watson, 1939. “I was always getting into scraps when I was a kid. Joining the Army forced me to learn some discipline.”
“Well, then, John, which would you recommend?”
At witnessing Sherlock's vulnerability, some of John's anxieties swept away on an exhale of utter relief. “Well, you weren’t alone—I wasn’t sure I’d come either, but I figured it would be a bit not good to ignore a summons from Your Royal Highness.”
Sherlock stared at him for a moment. “Or you could stay?”
Had it just been the two of us, Greg might have let me get away with that reply, accepting that I don't want to discuss it.  Molly is not having it, however.  “Is Sherlock still staying with you?” she asks, head-on and unapologetic.  Clearly Greg told her about our conversation at the pub on Thursday night.
Once John was stable, he looked up and noticed his hand, ungloved and waiting.  Sherlock saw him debate for a second before taking it, palm warm against Sherlock’s own, and pulled himself to his feet.  Sherlock turned to look out over the crowd, pretending to survey the revellers, in order to give John a moment of privacy to sort himself out.  It also gave him the opportunity to quell the little thrill over the fact that he had casually touched another man, skin to skin.  He could not remember the last time that had happened - childhood, perhaps.  No one touched him.  Sherlock doubted they would willingly do so anyway, had manners and royal etiquette not prevented it.
“My manager and publicist will certainly be strategising as we speak, debating when and how to address it.  I expect they’ll track me down to make a statement soon.”
Ten feet away, John and Molly were engaged in what looked like a dual effort not to step on each other’s toes. The dancing was atrocious, lacking any finesse, but John was laughing, and the look of unadulterated joy made Sherlock grin as well. John was exceedingly adorable.
“Food is important!” I say, repeating my words from last night.  Sherlock’s eyes meet mine and we share the memory, a grin spreading across my face.
“Pardon?” Apparently I passed whatever test he’d devised, but he seems to be in the middle of a conversation I don’t remember starting and I have no clue what he means.
What followed was a night of adventure for the pair. They eluded the Major, traipsed around Trafalgar Square and over to Knightsbridge ("We shared our first kiss in an alley off Sloane Street," John interjects. "It doesn't sound very romantic, but it was absolutely perfect."), rescued an injured soldier who had been a touch excessive in their jubilation, and danced at a party at Chelsea Barracks, all the while John believing that Sherlock was just a member of the aristocracy. "He introduced himself as Sherlock Holmes, not as Prince William." "It is my name," Sherlock grumbles into his tea. "It's part of your name, darling," John agrees. Eventually the truth of his identity was revealed and in the morning, John found himself having breakfast with the King and Queen at Buckingham Palace.
⟪But well done, mate, he seems like a good bloke. Keep us updated!⟫
Harry
“Yes?”
It had only been a momentary pause, but John had to force his feet to move again and leave behind those rogue thoughts there on the doorstep. They retraced their steps back up to the parlour and Sherlock led them to a pair of armchairs situated in front of the fireplace. John sat, still all too aware of the feeling of Sherlock’s hand upon his back long after Walters had brought through a fresh pot of tea.
From below them, one of the men with the Colonel piped up.  “Leave him be, sir.  He’s just a kid.”
“You’re an idiot,” he says, finally, the corners of his mouth twitching up into a smile.
When he’s done, he glances up at me.  “Are you all right?”
His words hang in the air between us and I force myself to swallow another sip of wine along with the compliment before continuing on with my meal, the conversation moving on to more conventional topics.  While we chat, Angelo pops out to check on us and then returns with tiramisu and two forks.
“You left it in the taxi.”
Now that I’ve been acknowledged, I step into the room to stand next to him and my eyes are drawn to the stranger opposite us.  Taking him in -- the elegant suit, the umbrella resting against my chair, a general air of coldness -- the breath is knocked from my lungs and adrenaline floods my veins.
⟪The unexpected has happened so continually in my life that it has ceased to deserve the name.  Until meeting you.  SH⟫
While he’s in the bathroom, I quickly scan the sitting room and kitchen for any mess or things I’d rather not have seen by the man down the hall, and then head to my bedroom.  There’s not much he can actually do to sort his coffee-stained shirt so I dig through my dresser and pull out the newest white t-shirt that I have.
“Yes, very good, Sir.”
premieres next month here in London and will be in cinemas nationwide on Friday, 16th November,” Charlie says to camera, before turning back to Sherlock with a final acknowledgment and thank you.
I blink up at Sherlock, racking my brain for some way to erase the last minute from existence.
This whole evening was proving to be a disaster.  Now, in addition to being trapped at the Ritz with a chaperone and his pompous brother, he had to listen to strangers offer up their opinions of the royal brothers, in which he invariably came up short.
“I'll keep you informed,” he says to Sally as he passes her on the way to the door.
Victory!  Sherlock hid his smile and tried to feign indifference.  “Just get me out of this palace and I’ll be happy.  We can, as they say, see where the night takes us.”
I want to reach out to him, but I don’t know how he’d react, especially not in front of all the others.  Instead I press my elbow against his so he knows I’m still here, if that helps at all.  I just can’t imagine that life.  I know there are lots of closeted people out there, myself included much of the time, but to have your life picked apart by the papers and by gossip-hungry housewives to the point where you feel like you’re acting in your own life.  How unfair and miserable.
His blue eyes are sparkling and I can’t tell if he’s mocking me or not, so I force myself to take a few steps forward to look at the collection of books I’ve gathered about Afghanistan. “It depends on what you’re looking for really. This one is good for general travel tips, this one for Afghan history, this is about conflict and military interventions in the area, and this --”
morning, John couldn’t take it anymore.  The flat was a bloody disaster.  Bits of abandoned experiments littered the kitchen table.  File folders, graphs, books and various papers were scattered around Sherlock’s chair, the desk and the sofa.  Half-full teacups occupied every flat surface (and some not-so-flat surfaces) in every room.  John felt like he was wading through an incoming tide of Sherlockian detritus and it was giving him hives.
BY the time I gather my things, the rain has stopped. Sherlock and John see me to the front door of their apartment, arms settled easily around each other as they wave me off. It makes me foolishly wish that afternoon tea with them was a standing occasion in my life. However, I’ll just have to settle for the one marvelous afternoon. I hope these two unique men recognise the impact that they will have on changing attitudes and creating greater acceptance for members of the LGBT community, here in the UK and further afield. They are lucky to have found each other and stayed together despite life’s hardships, only growing in their love for each other, and we are lucky to have heard their story.
I have seen Sherlock face countless criminals during our time together, each with varying amount of contempt, but the sneer he is wearing right now has always been reserved for Anderson, Donovan, and the doctors who were trying to treat his injuries in an ambulance after a chase gone wrong. The tight knot of fright eases up its clutch around my stomach, but I still have to make a conscious effort to relax my shoulders.
Sent at 23:55
“Afghanistan,” I say uncertainly. “Sorry, how did you know—”
Mike is a rather direct person, which has been a trait I’ve appreciated in him right up to this moment, but the sheer offense in his voice catches me off guard enough to let that particular argument go for now.
“How are things going, John?”
The man looks ragged in the best kind of way: tousled hair and flushed cheeks, green eyes shining with a predatory gleam as he takes a step closer, palms coming up and pressing against the wall above my shoulders. I lift my chin in defiance, making no attempt at escaping the arms that are bracketing me.
End of call at 20:46
And John.
Lestrade doesn’t bother asking if I’m going along, offering some feeble joke about how duty calls, but Donovan stops on her way out, and I wonder how the doctor-soldier is going to react to the name calling. To my surprise, Donovan directs her next words not at me but at the blond man, addressing him with a tone that is light and amused. Interested.
Physio might restore eighty percent of his shoulder’s range of movement , given a few months.
“Have you thought about whether you want to keep in contact with Sherlock after next week?”
Sent at 21:57
watching me. Not anymore. “Yeah. I… I understand.” I do. I don’t want to, but by god, I do.
Sent at 06:14
Received at 23:43
“Sorry. It’s in my coat.”
I turn on all the lights in the kitchen as I place the stolen blood sample on the countertop, and I’m just about to gauge the differences between the two microscopes to see whether the idea of stealing a new one has ample merit, when I notice the small blister on my pinky finger. My
“We don’t… I don’t really want to hear about what he did while he was… away. And I don’t want to talk to him about what happened to me while he wasn’t here.”
Received at 22:00
It’s the soldier.
Lestrade seems to find this plan severely lacking, but thankfully he doesn’t have the time to make further inquiries as to why I’m not joining him in what promises to be a thrilling manhunt. I take a moment to collect myself – and to catch my breath, if I’m painfully honest, taking a few decisive steps towards the exit before Mike could—
Mike starts to reach into his pocket, but seems to change his mind halfway, shrugging in apology.
“Sherlock?”
“Which was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“No need. I’m just going to—” I try to slip past the man (short, short man) without finishing the sentence, but the hands on my arms tighten, and I find I can’t break away without a more forceful approach. I don’t feel like that’s warranted though. Not yet.
It’s the army doctor. John. His tone is assertive but concerned, the two mixing so smoothly that I’m having difficulty telling whether he is being more of the soldier or the doctor when he grabs my arm and turns me around with unexpected force. By some miracle I manage to keep my footing as his blue eyes swim into view, followed by his… eyes. Again, and again, and again. The vertigo is worsening.
Happy. Why?
“Whoah there, slown down tiger, I’m not divorcing you before we’re even married.“
God, Mary.
Received at 21:12
Mike Stamford. Extrovert, sanguine personality, never a trace of negative feelings towards my person. Has been referring to me as a
“I already dislike the destination of this conversation,” I try to interrupt, but John only looks down at me with concerned eyes, not seeming to register my words. An auditory processing disorder, perhaps?
Sent at 01:37
Received at 23:54
“Where do you live, then?” he asks me once we’re seated next to each other in a different cab, and I think he’s being a bit too direct but his thigh is an agreeable source of warmth against mine, so I hear myself saying “221 Baker Street” before I realize “But I need to take this to Lestrade.”
late was not my intention, it’s just that “I’m sorry, I was at work and there—“
Sent at 22:47
We’re going to move in together, save up a bit and possibly buy a house in the suburbs. She wants a cat, two kids and a fireplace, and I want
“Excellent,” I make to stand but John’s hands press on my shoulders, then there are fingers sneaking down my nape, under the collar of my coat and jacket, settling their warmth somewhere between my shoulder blades. I wonder if I should inquire about the goal of this exercise, but John removes his hand quickly, his palm saturated with partially coagulated blood. Estimating blood loss, then.
Sherlock clears his throat, makes a valiant effort at straightening his crisp white shirt, but the top three buttons remain undone. Uncharacteristic: he used to unbutton only two. His collarbone is almost offensively defined, but that will be due to the remarkable amount of weight he appears to have lost since his—
“Hmm. Pop music is not a synonym to the end of the world, you know.”
It’s not even Friday, but Greg had to skip the regular pub night yesterday due to another one of those suicides the papers have been raving about lately, and the semi-finals don’t wait for no one, so… here we are, just the two of us this time.
From: Mike Stamford, 22:23
I invited Harry for our wedding, after a brief spat with Mary. Spat might be too strong a word, but it’s all I’ve got right now. It’s nice, knowing she’s not going to just up and leave at the merest suggestion of a problem.
of me – let alone to do so favorably – after I told him to leave in a moment of panic less than twenty-four hours ago,
From: John Watson, 18:44
“Are those terms… amendable?”
Greg studies me for a long minute (people are starting to make a habit of that), then gives an amenable grunt as a response and clasps a hand around my shoulder, giving it a quick squeeze.
“Yeah,” he says, then adds absentmindedly: “I’m gonna have to call Sherlock in on this one.”
“Your phone. It’s expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player, but you couldn’t afford it, not on your army pension. It has scratches. Not one, but many over time. Been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man on the verge of being evicted from his bedsit—“ shouldn’t have said that, too late, “wouldn’t treat his one luxury item like this, so it’s had a previous owner. A gift, then. Next bit’s easy. You know it already.”
Shouting at someone becomes rather imminent though very quickly, because within the box lay two items: a note that says “A gift from the Jiang family – they still had your measurements. – M”, and a pair of nearly identical leather gloves to the ones I left in the tender care of John Watson.
I almost, almost burst out laughing when I take in the scene unfolding on the screen, where the MET is apparently holding a press conference with Greg next to the podium and wearing an electric blue puffer jacket with a thick row of fur around the neck. Surely he’s not wearing that by choice, is he?
The bedside clock reads only three a.m., and it takes me almost an hour to convince Mary I’m fine and coax her back to sleep before I dare to reach for my phone on the nightstand. Careful not to jostle her I type out a quick message I can’t help but hate myself for just a little, and I wonder if I will ever be able to stop doing that, even knowing he’s not dead anymore.
“Oh Sherlock, you’ve been out late again,” Mrs. Hudson puts a small box on the table as soon as she arrives, starting on the kettle without her usual complaints. Something’s wrong. “Your brother’s been in earlier.”
“Stop tilting your head,” John chides and corrects my posture again without giving me a chance to do so. He’s a very physical man, isn’t he, this John. “Also, that was rude,” he adds, but he sounds more amused than chiding now.
from your personality!”
Sent at 09:49
My heart lurches when I manage to open my eyes again, because the emotions flickering over Sherlock’s face are too fast to follow and not at all veiled, not like they are supposed to be. The surprise is the easiest to discern, but there is something else too – concern, perhaps? Yes. It’s the same expression Greg and Mary get when my breathing gets funny, or overly controlled.
my mind supplies the brief memory of our first meeting.
, and bloody hell, haven’t these people been taught how to control their thoughts when they were in kindergarten? Everyone is thinking so
I don’t bother waiting to see if she manages to stifle the very small, very contained fire in the sink that is currently being fueled by Mycroft’s ever so gracious
Sent at 23:17
“Thursday.”
“Did he, really?” Greg’s stare gains a new kind of suspicion, the kind that I’ve been trying to avoid all along, and I can’t help but straighten my spine a bit under his evaluating gaze. “You know, Sherlock is not… he doesn’t usually take to—“
just killed a man,” I reply with a calculatedly careful tone, looking for signs of shock in his body language. His shoulders are a bit hunched as he keeps his hands clasped in front of his torso, but that might be due to the weight of my laptop that is concealed behind his jacket (black, leather, highly unflattering), and he stammers out a reflexive agreement before the information sinks in. He breaks eye contact after a long exhale which very nearly
John seems to ponder that for a minute, but another trickle of blood escapes my hairline, which seems to motivate him into making a decision.
I dim the display of my cellphone in a haste, mostly to hide the expression I know must be present on my face, but it’s too late. I catch a glimpse of the furrow of her brows before I put the phone on the nightstand: she’s concerned.
“Hence the false alarm,” the words are escorted with a breathless little laugh, and Mary buys it without a second thought. She has no cause for doubt – I never lied to her before, after all. “They paged the wrong guy.”
Sent at 22:35
Anything. Proceed with anything at all.
Received at 9:30
I don’t know who Greg is but John seems confident enough in his ability to deliver the object to the Yard, so I defer to his medical expertise. Rest sounds surprisingly non-horrible at the moment.
Happier. Such a trivial word.
waiting for me to… I don’t know. To start… talking. It was me who made it clear I’m not there as a mate, but as a doctor. I’m not angry with him for that. I’m angry with him for a lot of reasons, but not because of the… silence.”
Three, if previous averages are to be believed. Perhaps five, in John’s case. He does seem to possess more determination than most.
“Have you ever used ants as sutures?”
and— “I know.”
On her third pint, haven’t been here for more than half an hour. Index and middle finger yellowed from smoke. Grown out nails, sensible shoes. Anderson’s wife must be home.
“He did, huh?” he asks and— oh, that’s not suspicion at all, is it? It’s something more fierce, more like…
Sent at 23:48
The words slip out without my permission, but I can’t find the strength to regret them.
“Yes, he is,” he says simply, decisively, and looks me in the eye as he fires off instructions at the speed of light. “Keep an eye out for the pneumonia. He doesn’t need medication anymore, but you know how easily that tends to come back,” he smiles at me, and I feel like there’s a joke in there, built on our shared profession perhaps, but my attempt at copying his expression is half-hearted at best. “He is due for an X-ray in about two months, as I’m sure Mycroft will tell you. There is antibiotic ointment in the bathroom, and there should be some bandages left too, but I trust you have everything to redress his wounds, right?”
I don’t manage a full blown smile, but the corners of my lips twitch as I reach for his hand to untangle the dressing from amid his fingers.
“Are you joining us for—”
“Yeah, I can see that,” he chuckles over his pint, looking over at—
Also, I kind of want to punch you in the face for missing my wedding, among other things. But mainly I’m just going to miss you.
! The metal pole from yesterday, no doubt. Superficial, no permanent damage, but still – how on earth did I not
“I’m not—“
“Shovel,” I offer simply, then realize that a more elaborate explanation might be in order. “The murderer felt he had incentive to use it on me.” And thank god for his unfortunate choice of weapon – an axe would not have slipped off my skull so easily due to the awkward angle.
He thumps me in the back and walks out of the lab surrounded by an air of determination, the kind that I haven’t seen since one Dr. John Watson insisted on putting superglue into my hair.
We don’t get any further with the topic before I leave for Baker Street.
Received at 19:35
I want him to do it again.
“Why are you angry then, John?”
It doesn’t hurt that his invitation lacks the subtle undertone of pity for the invalided soldier, which, despite his best efforts, cannot be said of Mike’s texts, as much as I try to ignore it every time he sends me one.
I don’t answer because what would be the point, but when John stops after a few steps and looks over his shoulder to add: “I’m glad you’re okay,” I can’t help but give a hum of acknowledgement.
Lestrade, God, have you always been this dull-witted or do you have to work extra hard to fulfill your daily quota of idiocy?” I snap at the D.I. before I realize that I let my irritation with the cellist – with Mike – with
Sent at 01:50
Received at 21:45
From: Mike Stamford, 22:20
Yes. That.
For a second I contemplate deflection, but I only have three more visits scheduled with Sherlock before his cast is gone, and then he will be able to change his own bandages on his right hand, and the dressing on his back is only there to prevent irritation now at most, and he will be able to use his stupid shampoo on his own and—
“Are you alright?” I ask because the anxiety doesn’t suit him and I want to erase it, I want to replace it with something, something better, something wondrous and astounding and just as delightful as the fact that ‘
Received at 22:43
So if Mike wants to know why
“Good.” Cue throat clearing. “Don’t forget to get that sutured properly,” he gestures towards my head, “and get an X-ray while you’re at it.”
But would Mike really go around telling people? To Greg? Oh God, to
Received at 23:52
“That, and those documentaries about the Jigsaw Killer.”
Sent at 11:43
Then I spend the next ten minutes dry heaving over the kitchen sink while I wait for him to get into the tub.
Received at 09:39
(See the end of the chapter for
Dear Sherlock,
“I… guess. Yeah. I might be, a bit.”
“Stay still, it’s hard to see the wound from your hair as it is.”
Mary sounds worried. Of course she does. Breathing is no simple business.
, he’d have kept it. People do – sentiment. But no, he wanted rid of it.
“Huh?” is my admittedly not too coherent reply as I look up from the process of repacking the medical bag with things Sherlock doesn’t even need, but it’s not going to be a previously undiagnosed allergy or a sudden spike of blood sugar level that sends him back to hospital. Not while I’m there.
“Uh, yeah. Yeah, I went with him to the hardware store after I patched him up. He had a concussion, I couldn’t let him run around the city all alone, at night.” Too defensive, tone it down. “So yeah, he told me a bit about his work and how he does it.
“No.”
, and even if he’s not as much of an imbecile as the rest of Scotland Yard is, he’s still with the
And this is it, this is the moment he corrects me, asks me to call him
“John!”
Sent at 14:12
Received at 10:00
“What is he doing here?”
Sent at 21:45
“Sherlock? Is that correct? Did someone—”
. He gave the phone to you, that says he wants you to stay in touch. You’re looking for cheap accommodations but you’re not going to your brother for help, that says you’ve got problems with him. Maybe you liked his wife, maybe you don’t like his drinking.”
“Livor mortis is not localized,” I say as a challenge, and the soldier responds with such tightly controlled vehemence it could almost pass as apathy.
Sherlock is there.
“Uh, I’m sorry but I just remembered—” I start making my excuse, but the world’s apparently only consulting detective cuts me off like I’m not even there, and I can feel the tips of my ears go red from a weird combination of shame and anger. God, I can’t wait to be back at my flat.
Received at 22:11
know is that I
I do, because I realize that no matter what Sherlock Holmes is about to do, I do not want to miss a single second of it.
Received at 20:27
Received at 10:06
my cane as much as I dragged it along without any real purpose, and I find myself anticipating his words, the return of the challenge he seems to have replaced with
Received at 23:18
“Football,” he says in a rather skeptical tone, and I nod. “Sherlock
The weight of that realization is both like a cold shower and hot coil that settles heavily in the pit of my stomach, and I have to swallow to fight down the nausea.
Sent at 23:16
“Her younger sister was pregnant at the time, father unknown.” Respiratory rate increasing, licking lower lip. Not flirting – subconscious move. Hmm. “I believe Mr. Hopkins is due for a paternity test.”
me. He never
Sent at 23:15
On the fifth week we order burgers, and it’s not until Mike laughs at me for nearly choking on a piece of lettuce when the waitress ruffles my hair that it strikes me just how ridiculous I am being. The guy sitting next to me snorts into his beer, murmuring something about leggy blondes and being blind, and I feel like I should defend myself, but I never even learned the man’s name and don’t particularly care to, so what would be the point.
Received at 09:30
Yeah.
Sent at 17:51
Well, that explains his usage of the word “mate”, designed to make me look approachable, no doubt.
Mycroft’s superior grin doesn’t falter as a brunette steps out of the car and helps him into his coat, but his posture seems to soften as he turns back before disappearing behind the— wait, is that Anthea?
There is an electric guitar in my chair.
Sent at 21:59
I cut her off with a small huff, because yeah, even a small child would be able to tell where this is going and I don’t have the patience to wait until we get there.
We’re both wearing overalls and latex gloves, white cotton covering our shoes, and we’re standing in front of the door of the supposed crime scene with who I suppose is Anderson when Sherlock arrives.
He wants to introduce me to someone.
The man looks at me like he’s surprised to see me, and I swear I can feel my blood pressure crawling higher with each passing second while he’s making me wait, holding my phone like an idiot.
“Good. That’s good, John.”
I met someone. She’s smart and beautiful and we spent the entirety of last week almost constantly in bed. Her name is Mary, and she seems to be the first person who doesn’t say things that remind me of you every goddamn five minutes. I think I’m going to marry her, someday, if she agrees.
Mary‘s voice is croaky and a bit nasal as she turns towards me in the darkness of the room, and my breath hitches for a moment when I realize I woke her up.
There’s a residual smell of fabric softener as John leans more fully over me, the kind that’s available in cheap launderettes scraping by under dubious management choices. John hums, and I see the minute vibrations travel through the soft, ugly wool covering his sternum. I get the inexplicable urge to bury my face in it.
They will never fit John like they fit me.
“Yes,” I continue with more confidence now that I know what is expected of me. “It was amazing.”
His smile is forced and fake, and it’s the most painfully beautiful thing I have ever seen in my life.
Except I haven’t used the cane when I run up the stair, wrapped up in a world of righteous indignation, have I? No. I don’t think I did. In fact, I’m pretty sure the cane hasn’t touched the floor of the apartment until I placed it next to my leg, into its current position.
The weight of Mrs. Hudson’s stare settles over me with all the delicacy of a freight train, but I feel the corners of my eyes lift in a smile despite feeling like the single greatest disappointment in the history of mankind. God, how self-absorbed I must have been to worry her at such depth.
“We don’t have anything to talk about.”
“Mrs. Hudson!” I bellow when I shut the front door after arriving home, hoping this weekend is not the weekend when she’s visiting her sister. “Tea!”
Sherlock’s pupils dilate visibly, and the smirk that overtakes his features is almost
“Bloody hell,” his voice is soft now, breath tickling my nose. “What happened to you?”
“What about Sherlock? Is he feeling any better?”
Then again, the man
He never mentions the way I stop using my cane the moment I step into 221B, so who am I to suggest sponge baths anyway.
John will go on an ordinary date with a no doubt ordinary person, have ordinary sex and return to his ordinary job tomorrow morning, treating ordinary colds and filling in ordinary paperwork for days, weeks, months,
I put my burger down and turn to Mike, intent on telling him I won’t be available on Fridays from now on, which given my state of unemployment and no social life is as transparent of a lie as it gets, but I’m feeling pathetic and juvenile and… yeah. This can’t go on.
“So—” is as far as I get however, because Sherlock goes on like he’s deaf to my voice, and my feelings about the situation decidedly take a sharp turn towards anger now.
I hear a disbelieving laugh I can’t help but join for a second.
Received at 23:19
Guess I will never have a basis for comparison in what your presence would change, so it doesn’t matter. What matters is that I’m going to miss you, Sherlock.
“That…” John’s fingers abandon my head as he steps around my chair, and my head turns to the left on instinct. He’s left handed – it stands to reason he would throw a punch with his dominant hand. Easier to turn with a hit if it doesn’t come directly from—
“What happened to your bedside lamp?”
Sent at 22:12
“Keep your voice down!”
Received at 17:50
“’Piss off.’”
Why is he so offended that John and I are not spending our Friday evenings together? Did he think that a simple introduction would throw us into—
The cellist and the accountant inch away from us and pretend to watch the game, content with the occasional wary glance in our direction. John puts the third wipe down on the table, which is still mostly immersed in red. Head wounds bleed a lot, but this seems excessive. Well, that’s John’s problem now.
Received at 21:40
The words are entirely devoid of inflection, so I take them for what they are and resume peeling the gauze away with a somewhat muffled thank you.
for someone of my caliber.
Must be Mrs. Hudson. Yeah.
Thankfully the discussion is cut short when the D.I.’s mobile beeps, and he hisses a curse under his breath when he opens the text.
good.”
“So,” Mike waves his arm to recapture my attention, and his smile widens when my eyes land on the general vicinity of his face. It’s becoming unnerving, all the smiling. “I hate to do this, but I promised Lidia I will be back before nine. The kids,” he makes a vague gesture that could be interpreted in so many ways it’s impossible to interpret. “You know how it is.” Do I? Who is Lidia? “John, will you be alright—”
“Sherlock, please,” his words are escorted with an easy smile, and I’m more than a bit dazed as I grip his hand, but he doesn’t stop to give me a chance to catch my breath. “Sorry, gotta dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary,” and with a final twist of his lips, he is off.
Oh, and I sent a text. I sent a text, pretending that I’m
And yet.
“I gave it to him,” he says, pushing his pint away as he studies the picture for clues he is not going to find without my guidance. “Cold case. What of it, Sherlock?”
So I do.
“How are you doing John, really?”
– bleed into my words, but it’s too late to take them back now, and Lestrade’s eyes widen in indignation, and his next words are going to be scolding and full of reproach, like I’m a child to be—
I spot a not even remotely discreet black car parking along the curb as I’m on my way to the main street, but Mycroft doesn’t seem to be in a social mood because he doesn’t stop me as I walk by. Very good – I’m in no mood for whatever he decided he doesn’t want from me after all, either.
“Isn’t that Greg?” I hear Mary’s voice from across the room, and I look up from the book I’m pretending to read just in time to catch her amused expression before my gaze automatically follows hers, landing on the telly. “What on Earth is he wearing?”
rather than contributing to the common good by
The sentence comes out a tad shaky but is still more of a command than a request, and for once I can’t help but be grateful for Sherlock’s newfound accommodative tendencies.
The latter is a doctor, not practicing, financial issues, knows Mike through shared residency. Uncomfortable with the group but couldn’t find a reason to turn the invitation down, unwilling to lie.
Huh. Looks like I’m in love then.
“It’s…” he pauses, waiting for me to cut him off. I raise an eyebrow just enough so it couldn’t be misinterpreted for a signal to stop, and it encourages him enough to go on, albeit not with too much conviction. “It’s true I cannot play most chords with the proper finger placement at the moment, but the presence of the fretboard alone makes the basics not at all dissimilar to a violin. Sustaining notes is a bit more tricky, but…” another pause, to make sure I’m still listening. “But I should be able to play at
-s and
“Polymerization on exposure to hydroxyl, and did you know that you can use certain species of ants as sutures?”
John_
Received at 22:34
know about the drinking?”
Received at 03:45
-s and a disturbing amount of pliancy that feels so out of place in Sherlock bloody Holmes it makes my stomach turn. I
I feel my cheeks flush into a no doubt unflattering shade of red, because no, in fact I have not realized that I do.
make Sherlock realize that before he orders me to make tea and I end up sitting across from him in my old chair, ordering takeout and listening to stories about the places he visited since his—
(See the end of the chapter for
Several hours later I have sex with Mary for the first time in almost two months, and manage to sleep through the night for the first time since one year, six months and twenty-four days.
Received at 20:57
Sent at 09:54
John glances over my shoulder and I turn back to see Donovan eyeing us suspiciously as she passes by, but she would need at least two more brains and a detailed map to figure out what happened here today so I graciously let John apologize and mutter something about nerves in her direction, which is a blatant lie but Donovan, of course, doesn’t stop to question it.
“No time, Mike. Why isn’t Lestrade here?”
Sent at 23:42
Received at 22:05
That’s how we end up digging up trash in some random skip not an hour later, except it proves to be less than random when Sherlock unearths a bright pink suitcase, and we head back to his flat smelling faintly like homeless people and covered in rubbish, and it’s
The burns on the right side of his neck and his forearm are healing nicely. Not even the few spots that must have been blisters are likely to scar. The back of his hand is another matter – a thin layer of skin graft covers part of it just below the pinkie and ring fingers, and it’s easy to recognize the signs of a recent infection. This will take a few more weeks to heal completely, and it’s not going to heal well.
Thank you all for the many wonderful responses to the last chapter, I am so happy so many of you are enjoying this story! I will respond to all of them after a bit of sleep, seeing as it's 5 a.m. here. :) Until then enjoy this chapter, hope you like it!
Received at 22:52
I take a deliberate breath and let the panic wash over me, knowing it will ebb with a few heartbeats if I just rationalize the situation. Like Ella taught.
“Would you mind taking a seat while I finish up here? We’re almost done.”
John goes straight home from Baker Street: no undue money left from this month’s budget for a stop at a pub (was he tempted? inconclusive, but likely), too reasonable to spend on alcohol when procuring food becomes of essence. Happenings of the rest of the evening unclear, not enough data. No reason to suspect anything of importance though – it’s not Friday, and John has little to no social life outside of Fridays.
Received at 22:56
Received at 23:46
Received at 09:46
Sherlock gives the tiniest pause in unbuttoning his crisp white shirt (it’s always white these days) somewhere at the end of Mrs. Hudson’s rant, and I realize he might not even be familiar with Mary’s name.
Received at 21:15
Received at 22:50
What is
football. I thought he deleted the whole thing long ago.” He sounds confused, but after a second he looks back at me, gathering words for an explanation I don’t really need. “It's, um, that’s something he does, like deleting—“
Unacceptable.
Sent at 17:01
. “John,” he repeats.
He exhales, looking like a stone has been lifted off his shoulders. A rather enormous one. Oh.
I did. Bloody hell, I
, which only serves to fuel my rage as I stomp across the room, grab my cane from where it’s perched by the chair and march back to the hallway, all the while making a point of not looking at Sherlock still sitting on the sofa.
“Well… his cast is coming off in about… less than two weeks, so… not much longer.”
“John,” Sherlock’s voice is throaty – he’s close enough now that I feel his breath on my cheeks, can practically feel the heat of his body through our clothes, and it’s still not
Received at 22:35
and transformed into the army doctor who—
Sent at 14:35
Received at 22:55
Received at 23:32
This is… delightful.
John Watson and Mary (soon-to-be-Watson:)) Morstan
“No more leads to follow for now,” Sherlock cuts me off with brutal efficiency, his posture stiff as he carefully directs his gaze anywhere but near me. “I will get back to it once something comes up again. Go home, John.”
Dear Sherlock,
Sent at 14:01
“Don’t be stupid now, John.”
The lie comes to me without conscious thought or delay, which should alarm me more than it actually does, but guilt is no match to my primary concern of placating Mary.
out of my hair one of these days, shouldn’t I.
“You’re an army doctor,” Sherlock addresses me abruptly, sizing me up in my overalls, and I barely manage a stuttered agreement in the midst of the abject humiliation I suddenly feel over my very existence as my damned leg forces me to transfer more of my weight onto my cane.
Sent at 22:04
From: Mike Stamford, 23:37
Sent at 13:20
Sent at 21:05
The glue doesn’t touch my skin, but I still feel the heat of it as it dries. I wonder if John knows that the cyanoacrylate in superglue reacts to the humidity in the air rather than the gases, as most people would assume. Electronegativity breaks a double bond in the monomer structure, which leads to—
“You’re the one who shot him,” I counter, still laughing, “don’t blame me.”
Received at 12:05
“Of course it was! It was extraordinary.” He clears his throat, colour rising to his cheeks at his slight outburst. Self-conscious. No, don’t be. “It was quite… extraordinary.”
“Yeah,” I half-whisper in a voice I don’t recognize, nodding once for good measure. “I guess I thought I’d be… happier.”
“No, it’s fine, go ahead,” I offer easily, knowing very well how important Greg’s job is. I wish I could stop being jealous over such a job every time he’s called in for a new case. “Is it a suicide again?” I do my best to keep the overt curiosity out of my voice, but Greg is too occupied with typing out a reply to notice anyway.
“Don’t bother looking for it. He bought a ticket under his own name, British Airways, Moscow. Hurry!”
Pupils are nearly swallowing the thin rings of blue now.
It’s becoming rather tiresome, especially now, because—
“…Coincidence?”
Sent at 09:58
“Oh, Sherlock! Hello there!”
“Of course.” I will likely just put more glue onto the roots. Or forget about it. That usually works.
“Good,” I avert his gaze and step through the door before he has a chance to respond, not caring if I move with the urgency of a prisoner about to escape. “Bye, Sherlock.”
She makes a noncommittal sound and scratches something down at the stack of papers in her lap. I hate it when she does that.
“This is the last one,” the doctor retracts his hands quickly and holds them up in as if in surrender, and while his face is carefully blank, the  trace of exasperation in his voice is impossible to miss. This is not the first time he witnessed this reaction from his patient, and I’m nowhere near prepared to consider the implications of that fact.
John_
“I invited him, actually,” Stamford interrupts before I could deliver any of my deductions, looking up at me with a bright, welcoming smile. “Glad you could make it, mate.”
Neither of us mentions how the flat above is still free from tenants. I briefly consider offering to help finding someone, but at this part of London the reason is likely not a lack of possible applicants, so I decide to keep my mouth shut and focus on making Mrs. Hudson laugh at the expense of my newfound preference for a mustache. I get the feeling laughing is not something she does often enough nowadays.
Sent at 23:53
Bloody terrified.
Well, I did let him touch my hair. And my arms. He’s still gripping my left shoulder, I think. I hope it’s him and not the waiter with the red hair. I don’t feel like chasing snipers today.
I also went back to Baker Street last Thursday. Didn’t stay long and didn’t go upstairs – not quite there yet – but I shared tea and biscuits with Mrs. Hudson. She looked to be on the verge of tears only for the first half an hour or so.
The next several Fridays I get a text from Mike without fail, all mentioning that John will be there. I don’t respond to any of them.
“Perhaps,” I say by way of goodbye, having no intention to take part in these outings despite the vague agreement, and John seems to know this. Good.
“Not usually, no. But it’s easy enough to get rid of at the right stage, if you want to give forensics a run for their money. The killer might have missed a spot.”
Received at 22:51
No reason to be disappointed.
“I wasn’t sure if I would stay.”
He pulls back with a startled look, peering down at me with wide eyes, his surprise almost comical in face of the previous few seconds. I still feel heady with excitement enough to produce a laugh, not terribly bothered by the interruption despite how much I wanted – how much I still want – Sherlock to proceed with...
“Surgical needles are not part of the standard first aid kit,” I offer when the doctor takes the glass out of my hand, and it takes me a moment to realize I’m right. God. Of
This, at long last, seems to shock the man into motion, and I breathe a sigh of relief over the haste he scrambles up from his seat with, phone at his ear as he struggles to put his coat on one-handed. Seriously, the priorities of people.
"I still have breakfast to make, you know," she mutters against Sherlock's lips and gasps when she delivers a soft nip to her bottom lip. Sherlock slowly teases John's tongue with hers until John is groaning and caressing her tongue as well.
More gentle touches and kind murmurs left against her sob wracked body. Sherlock had choked out, "you-you are my bes-best friend, John... you-you only deserve the best..."
John pulls her hand a way suddenly and Sherlock scolds herself. She grabs John's hand and places it back on her back and then she reaches and cups John's face in her hands.
"So..." John asks as she rubs her hand over Sherlock's back. Sitting up, she stares at John and parrots back, "so?" John clears her throat and licks her lips twice.
"Sherlock?"
"There you are," John coos as she kisses away Sherlock's remaining tears and gathers her until she's sitting across John's hips. John looks at her and pushes dark hair behind her love's ear.
"Hush," her girlfriend growls through the phone, no bite to the command, "tell me what you wanted to do today."
She smiles at the love bruises that mark her normally pale skin. Purple and blue bruises in the shape of her girlfriend's mouth.
Sherlock loves John.
"Do you have any idea how many times I've imagined you like this?" Sherlock whispers into her ear while delivering a harsh rub to her clitoris. John yells out in pleasure. "How many times I've pictured you just like this? Laid out and wet because of me? I've spent so long thinking I could never have this and now that I have you," Sherlock shudders and slips her hand under the damp material. John moans at the skin to skin contact. Sherlock's long fingers are wicked as they tease and caress her clit. Long fingers sliding up and down her wet outer lips. "Now that I have you, I don't plan on letting you go."
Now, John Hamish Watson is an army captain who doesn't believe in things like fate and destiny. He often doesn't believe in God. But when he was laying there, bleeding out in the desert, he said "god, please let me live".
Sherlock had rushed over to the window and threw it open with an elated "John!" John had crawled in and fell dramatically onto her best friend's soft carpet. Earning an exasperated huff from Sherlock as she layer down next to her. Together they stared at the ceiling and enjoyed the comfortable silence.
"Figure it out then, genius?" John asks her in that calm and level tone. Eyes never leaving hers'.
"Oi." John's voice is rough with sleep and it sends a pleasant tingle down Sherlock's spine, pooling heavy and warm in the pit of her stomach. She's already damp and realizing it makes her bite her lip in embarrassment.
"Sherlock Holmes," John says, "if you don't get back up here and cuddle me I will not let you touch me for the next week." Laughing as she watches her girlfriend scramble up and cuddle against her, John places a tender kiss to Sherlock's lips. "It was amazing, by the way," she informs her, "I can't wait to return the favor." She smirks as she feels Sherlock's body give a shudder.
Huffing in frustration, she turns to look at her beat friend fully. "Then explain to me how you, John Watson, are not normal."
Those phrases never cease to hurt Sherlock deep down. She knows she shouldn't want to be with John. She can't be with her. But, that doesn't stop her from
Sherlock smiles as her girlfriend continues to sing. The lyrics familiar yet fuzzy in her mind palace. She swears she's heard John sing them before.
A soft touch rouses Sherlock from sleep. It's gentle and warm; trailing up and down her side, stopping just shy of her underwear. It's full of love and she can't fight off the sleepy grin.
She's gathered into a confirming hug. She drinks into it and rests her head on her older brother's shoulder. "Hush now, Sher," he murmurs into her birds nest of hair. "We both know that your John would fight tooth and nail to come back to you, yes?" At Sherlock's hesitant nod, he hums. "And I know you offered to pay for her schooling but you knew that John wouldn't accept. In her mind, she needs to do this."
She loves almost everything about the beautiful being called John Watson.
"Perfect."
She knows Sherlock won't react well. How can she make her understand that, for herself, it's the only way to become something? The only way to get away from her father. She doesn't want to end up like Harry.
"We danced the night away,
She sends John a smile which she hopes is reassuring. It must be because John nods and kicks at the pebble one more time before turning away from Sherlock and walking in the other direction; towards her house.
She sighs in relief when John places her knee between her quaking thighs. She shamelessly starts to grind against the bare flesh; seekimg to ease the sweet ache low in her stomach. Her underwear catches on her clitoris briefly and she let's out a tortured moan. John chuckles darkly and moves her knee away. Sherlock let's out whine of protest but it's cut short when a hand finds its way into her hair and pulls just shy of painful. Sherlock gasps and shivers as goose flesh prickles against her alabaster skin. Her breath is coming in short huffs and the ache between her legs is only becoming stronger.
I've returned, my loves.
The pamphlet she found in John's bag is still on her bedroom floor.
Her phone pings with a text from John.
"How was the trip?" Sherlock asked and John let out a long suffering groan.
"Yes, good morning, my John," she says back, not bothering to hide the cheerfulness in her tone, "I was wondering if you were busy today?"
They share seven long tongue filled kisses before John pulls away much to Sherlock's disapproval. She gives Sherlock a smile and whispers back, "hello there, love."
Leave me love, my loves!
John's breath hitches when the hand on her back travels to gently cup her breast. She looks down and notices the pleading look in her girlfriend's mercury eyes. Her teeth intent the soft plumpness of her bottom lip and John can feel arousal settling low and warm.
"Was that okay?" Comes a shy voice and she opens her eyes to see Sherlock sitting awkwardly at the end of her bed.
His favorite spot is a bench close enough that he can see the water. On some nights, the moon reflects off the water and makes the cool liquid sparkle like shattered diamonds or like the stars. He sometimes misses the desert; the war because at least then he had a purpose. At least thousands of miles from home, he had a reason to live. Now, he can't be a surgeon. The tremour in his hand has yet to calm and his limp only gets worse. He doesn't believe that the limp is all in his head because it fucking hurts like it's real and so incredibly there.
Until we're gray and old."
"Because you're an idiot."
"Hmmm, look at you. My sexual deviant now acting shy."
"Pardon?"
"You can move in with me!" Sherlock says desperately as she looks up with tear stained cheeks and red rimmed eyes. "My parents could pay for your schooling! Mycroft could take you under his wing as an apprentice! We could move somewhere! Anywhere!" She's breathing far too quickly, John knows she's having a panic attack. John falls on the floor and cuddles Sherlock close to her. Sighing in relief when Sherlock hides her face in her neck and nuzzles the soft flesh.
His gun no longer presses into his mouth. His tremor is no longer terrible. His limp is gone.
"okay, okay, love," John coos, "we'll save the sexy phone time for later, understood?"
He speaks it with endearment and the smile he receives in return is stunning and causes a sense of warmth deep in his bones.
"Bedroom," John says, voice low and gravelly.
She's tired.
She had agreed instantly, wanting John out of danger and well away from her chaotic home life. John had fallen asleep on Sherlock's shoulder, wrapped in her deep purple duvet. That's when she knew that she was completely, utterly, in love with her best friend. That night, she had fearfully placed a kiss on Johns forehead while she was sleeping.
Her eyes are red rimmed. Her long and slender nose slightly tender looking, her lips are pulled into a tight line and her face is smooth, emotionless. Her eyes, however, show every emotion running through her slender frame. There's sadness in those clear eyes, along with fear, regret and a whole lotta worry. There isn't any anger though. John doesn't know if the lack of anger is good or bad. She can't read her girlfriend at the moment. She's closed off from the world around her. Locked inside her head and John, though they may be best friends and now lovers, doesn't have a key for that part of Sherlock.
Sherlock groan from the soft arousal in John's voice. It had been a wonderful two days. The best two days of Sherlock's life, in her opinion.
"Thank you so much, Ms. Holmes. I usually take her with me but she always manages to get into places she shouldn't." They shake hands and Sherlock takes a while to find her voice.
"Please. Please, John. Please don't leave me! I can't. I ca-can't do this if you leave me. Please..." She sounds so broken, so young and John's heart shatters.
"About?" Mycroft hedges, scrubbing at a stubborn stain on one of mummy's precious casserole dishes.
She desperately wanted to talk about the cuts but she knew it wasn't a good time to bring it up. Her best friend looked tired.
Almost.
"Right," she says, "starting to get a bit scary now."
of John's heart.
It would be so easy to just reach over and twine their fingers together. So, so bloody easy. But, it isn't that easy. John, her beautiful, brilliant and amazing best friend, is straight. As straight as their mutual friend Molly Hooper's hair. Sherlock knows because every time they go out and are mistaken for a couple (which Sherlock is secretly thrilled about, but never mind) John is quick to shut who ever may be assuming such a thing down rather quickly.
Sherlock feels the pang in her chest again. Yes, cause that's what they are right? Friends. Nothing more. She swallows around the lump that has risen to her throat and fiddles with the cuff of her black jacket ( a gift from John).
John doesn't know and that's fine. It's all good and fine because John is still her best friend. Sherlock never wants to mess that up. Best to keep her desires locked away. Deep, deep, deep down in the bottom of her belly that still swirls with butterflies everytime John sends her a smile from across the halls in school or during classes.
"Nothing. Can't a person just giggle?"
"You're parents gone again?"
You lit me up,
She doesn't love how John judges her body. A beautiful and perfect body that does have some soft bits and cellulite, especially around the thighs, that Sherlock considers a walking and functioning master piece. If she was an artist, her John would be the muse and she'd paint piece after piece of gorgeous perfection that people all around the world would buy.
Sherlock can feel John's chest expand as she does the simple breathing exercise. It calms her and she tries to follow her best friend's example.
"Hi. My name's John. John Watson. And you are?"
"Then you smiled over your shoulder,
"Quite frankly, a bloody awful cabbie."
After brushing her teeth, She heads down to the kitchen. She groans at the mess that's left. She cleans it up. She puts the left over pancakes in the fridge, along with bacon.
"I do know!" Sherlock hisses, aggressively drying the dish. "I don't want her to leave me, Mikey," she whispers, looking at her damp hands. "She could get hurt or even murdered! What if she never comes home?" She lets out a shaky breath. "I'd be a proper mess without her here."
"Oh."
Happy reading! xoxo
All the terrible scenes rush across her brain and she starts to rock back and forth.
John shows around eight with a bag of their favorite Chinese take away. She waits outside the front door. A smile falls upon her lips as she hears her best friend playing her violin. The tune is slow, sweet, a little mournful. She imagines that the music playing is the soundtrack of Sherlock's mind and emotions.
John shifts them to where Sherlock is now the one on her back and Sherlock finds that she loves the feeling of John's small but strong body covering hers. She let's out an unhappy whine when John pulls back from the kiss. She glares up at John, trying to look menacing but she melts when John's ink stained hand cups her cheek.
And that knowledge causes her heart to ache.
Sighing, she sits up and walks over to her violin that's sat on top of her dresser. Picking up the instrument, she begins to play a melancholy song and allows the music to let her drift away. Shutting her eyes, the world dims around her. The music is the only thing that exists.
Sherlock thinks to herself.
"Hello? Anybody home in there?"
Mixing waffle patter shouldn't make Sherlock's heart pound and chest ache with love yet John is causing it by just singing and being her. The emotion she feels is almost too much for her to handle. Her eyes burn and a lump is forming in her throat.
Like a startled deer, Sally hops off the cold floor and darts out of the room. Sherlock hears John let out a shuttering breath. She doesn't realize she's crying until warm hands cup her face and gentle thumbs wipe the escaping tears away. John wraps her arms around Sherlock, sitting on her desk. Sherlock lets John embrace her and breaths in her comforting scent.
Every. Damn. Time.
John laughs and ruffles her daughter's blond hair.
"He was no good for you!" She yelled out and John had come to a screeching halt in front of the front door. John had slowly turned around. Her eyes flashing with a fierceness that had taken Sherlock's breathe away.
"I'll text you when I'm on my way!" She calls over her shoulder as she puts a hand in the air in a wave like gesture. Then, she takes off into a light jog. Her backpack shaking with the movements. Sherlock watches until John disappears from her sight. Nodding to herself, Sherlock turns the other way and begins the short walk back to her house. Deciding to ignore the ever present dull ache in her chest and counting down until John might text.
It's strange, how comfortable Sherlock is with John's compact but strong body pressed against her back. She's soft and warm. Sherlock notes that her girlfriend smells divine. She smells like safety and comfort; like a home Sherlock would love to live in.  John isn't wearing a shirt and Sherlock blushes bright crimson as she recalls their previous activities. They must have dozed off. She wonders if John wants to...
Sherlock unlocks her front door with slow movements. As she enters, she unties her black boots and slips them from her feett, smiling a little when she sees her socks. Skulls and
Without further hesitation, Sherlock closes the gap between their lips.
It's quiet for a moment before John answers.
"Shut up, Mike. How's Greg, dear brother?" She asks, waggling her eyebbrows at him.
John shrugged. "I'm not sure. Pity she only seems to like the gay guys, maybe it means something."
Mary frowned. "It's been five days though. Had he ever been gone on a case this long?"
Not until the camera man pulled out two guns.
Mary looked pointedly at Sherlock. "We were interrupted last time John tried."
"Fine that, but what are you doing with them clothes?"
Sherlock knocked on the door loud enough to let the resident know that there was someone at the door before whipping out his utility kit that he was (still) carrying around and picking the lock. It was a swift task and he silently pushed open the door before locking it behind him and moving farther into the dark flat. Sighing a little, he flopped down on a chair in the middle of the living room he just walked into, looking around at the small home with a kitchen off one side and a bedroom off the other, a bathroom in the far corner closest to the bedroom. It was a very small nice flat considering her job, but Sherlock presumed that she hadn't the use for large spaces when there was only one of her. He looked over to the bedroom when he heard a rustling from the other side of the closed door, so he quickly made his presence known by shuffling around in the chair. "Molly, don't turn on the light when you come in."
Sherlock pushed his hips down again, moving a little up and down and causing John to grab him by the hair to press their lips together harder as he rubbed against Sherlock, desperately moaning for more friction. There was a moment where they had to stop as Sherlock pulled away John's shirt, but they were back on each other in moments, kissing and licking into each other's mouths. Their tongues fought furiously, pushing and turning with each movement of their hips pressing together. Sherlock pulled his hands down John's body softly to make his way down to John's trousers, popping the button and pulling down the zipper before John stopped his hands. "No. Not here."
“Mrs. Hudson. I’m sorry. I need to be alone.” Sherlock squeezed her in a promise.
"We had sex."
Sherlock shrugged. "I don't know. Two days at best, could be a month or so. If that happens, I'll find a place."
Mary gently embraced him, letting his head fall onto her shoulder. "It's not your fault John. He's just-"
John looked over at the man to his left that had decided to come and accompany him on the edge of the hospital and he felt everything drain from his body. All of the fear and nervousness was gone as he looked at the man who was now letting the blood drip from his hair down into the streets below, the only thing filling up his body was the empty numbness that swallowed his every movement. He just wanted to let his legs buckle underneath him and feel the wind on his skin as he fell to come in contact with the horribly alluring pavement so that he could let go. "Greg?" The detective sucked in a deep breath at the sound of John's voice, but he didn't speak. "I don't know what I'm doing here. I don't feel anything. I'm not scared or in pain, I just want to let go like he did. Like Sherlock." John looked over to the man, dark curls soaked with the blood that ran down the sides of his face and neck, smiling the way he always had whenever they had gotten a particularly interesting case, but with no emotions hidden in the dead eyes that stared blankly in the direction of John. The color of his eyes still contained the wonderfully complicated shades and hues, but it was dull and faded, exactly the look John got when he saw the body of this man dead on the sidewalk over a month earlier. John let the phone drop from his ear a bit as he heard shouting on the other end, but it sounded worlds away in the moments he looked into the eyes of his grinning flatmate. "Sherlock, you're smiling at the wrong time again." John paused, his voice low. "How did it feel?"
Sherlock nodded, shaking Greg's hand and immediately looking down at the feeling of metal against his fingers. "Of course… Gregory."
Sherlock sighed. “Maybe back then it was less about the dinner part of it and more about the company.”
She grinned at him knowingly, kissing his temple and sitting on the edge of his chair. "You two boys better be behaving yourself in here."
John frowned. "Damn it to hell." He hadn't wanted anyone to notice his absence for a while. Looking down at the phone that was now vibrating in his hand, he looked at the number to see that it was Detective Lestrade again. Deciding against his better judgement, John pressed the accept button and held the phone up to his ear. "Hello? John Watson speaking."
Sherlock took the sandwich and placed his arm around her waist to pull her down to his lap. "Hmmm. And if I don't want to?"
Sherlock smiled at her as she left, letting his smile drop when he turned to look at John. “The case I was on was about a man named Charles Agustus Magnussen. You most likely know him as a newspaper owner, but he is so much more than that. He is an incredibly dangerous man, using his power and wealth to gain information.” Sherlock walked over to the dining table, pulling his laptop out from under a mess of papers and opening it. “The more he acquires, the greater his wealth and power. I’m not exaggerating when I say that he knows the critical pressure point on every person of note or influence in the whole of the Western world and probably beyond. He is the Napoleon of blackmail and he has created an unassailable architecture of forbidden knowledge.” He pulled up a blueprint for a rather futuristic looking house, turning it to John with a flourish. “Its name… is Appledore.”
Lucky rolled her eyes, but nodded. "Fine. But you take care ya hear?"
“Love isn’t supposed to hurt this much. How can I love him when there is this much pain? How can I love him when he broke me so bad that I can no longer live with the memories of him?”
Molly opened the door with a sigh, looking out into the room where she could see the outline of Sherlock in the dark. "Sherlock? Is that you?"
"Not as tall as people think."
"Hmm?" John gently kissed his jaw and down his neck softly.
Sherlock took a deep breath, picking up his violin and positioning it lightly under his chin. He pressed his fingers against the neck and placed the bow gently to the strings, pulling until a clear note was drawn out, moving his fingers in a soft sort of fluidity as a melody poured out. It was a smooth piece that he had played hundreds of times over the last seven months, first starting to compose it after the bomb incident when John had fallen asleep in his chair. The tune had come to him while watching the rise and fall of John's chest as the doctor steadily drifted to sleep in his chair, exhausted from the day. Sherlock had filled his brain with notes, letting them slip over him like water as he sat in his own chair watching John be alive. The tune had come and it wouldn't let go easily, so Sherlock just did what came naturally and picked up his violin, quietly as not to disturb John, and let the notes softly pour from his instrument. It transformed into a waltz slowly, the hauntingly beautiful melody floating along at a gentle pace into the flat as Sherlock took the realization from the train carriage and translated into music. He poured all of his emotions into that one song, putting a voice to all of the fear, hopelessness, sadness, and desperation that had been consuming him when John had come back. He put a voice to all of the feelings he didn't understand how to react to and just let them hang in the song like they belonged there because they did. Sherlock wrote it about John and the things he would never be able to say to the doctor out loud, but also accepted that nothing would ever happen between the two of them. Sherlock had woven heartbreak into the song, but also resigned acceptance and approval of Mary, deeming her to be an alright partner for John. The pain of playing with his broken hands was fitting, reminding him the next few days that unrequited love was unbecoming. Molly may or may not have scolded him mercilessly for the utter stupidity of playing the violin with burns when he came into St. Bart's the next day, the bandages on his hands soaked with blood, but it was nothing compared to Scotland Yard. Everything was different. Everyone had read the papers over the few fast paced weeks and saw the news, having found out that their favorite sociopath to make fun of actually had feelings. He was treated differently by everyone, almost as if he was delicate as sugar glass. Only Donovan treated him relatively the same, still calling him freak, even if it had become less of a taunt and just a habit as if she actually forgot his name and replaced it with whatever. Their work relationship had not improved, but there were less deliberate jabs and more respect than usual. Many people had become angry at her for still being a bitch, but gained Sherlock's grudging respect because she was a damn good cop and was only doing what she thought was best.
Blood splattered the floor.
Molly sighed. "Sex. You ended up having sex. What's wrong with that? Everyone has drunk sex at one point. It isn't rape."
"Serious?"
John paused flipping the box, holding it still and looking at it from a few different angles. "Why? What is it?”
John stopped at the bottom of the steps, causing Sherlock to pause a few up. “You said first. Are there more?”
Sherlock felt the light brush of lips against his own and the heat on the pit of his stomach exploded. His heart was racing from one simple touch, not even a proper kiss, but he wanted more. Closing his eyes and pressing harder, Sherlock felt his lips connect with John's again, this time deeper and more meaningful. The heat quickly filled the space between them as he moved to push John back in his chair, climbing lightly on top and straddling his friend's hips. The feelings racing through his body were exhilarating to say the least as his hands instinctively moved to John's chest when he slipped his hand up the side of Sherlock's body and to the side of his neck. Sherlock felt around John's mouth with his own, dizzy with the pleasure radiating from every pore as he peppered the hot kisses against John's mouth and jaw, the feeling of soft skin under his mouth brilliant. John's taste was amazing to the detective, from the rough line of John's jaw covered in the smallest amount of stubble to the soft skin of his neck that Sherlock immediately took into his mouth, sucking on it and causing John to moan, pulling on Sherlock's hair. The noises Sherlock could force John to make were limitless as he pushed down with his hips to rub up against John who was already hard, causing him to let out a strangled gasp and throw his head back. Sherlock teased the skin of John's neck lightly with his tongue, licking a line from his collar bone, over his adams apple, and up the underside of his jaw, Sherlock just barely able to restrain himself from sinking his teeth down and creating giant purple bruises. There was so much he could do to take John completely apart, moving back up to John's mouth and biting his bottom lip lightly in between open mouthed panting and kissing his lips again. Sherlock let his tongue wander around John's mouth to experiment and learn each little thing that would make John shiver lightly and which ones would make John tremble to pieces, the wet lips moving against his own almost as needy for more.
Sent at 23:15
Christ.
Sent at 06:06
Received at 23:55
“How can you
“That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done,” I say as we slam the door to 221 Baker Street shut behind us, sweaty and panting as we lean back against the wall of the hallway, coats discarded onto the banister. Our shoulders are pressed together, the contact burning hot and transmitting every tiny movement, every shudder the other makes as we are trying to catch our breath.
Received at 22:57
serial killers, that this whole thing, standing over the corpse of a person is
Watson indeed.
A huff of breath tickles my scalp; the fingers are back, fiddling with my hair. The superglue is slipped into a pocket of faded blue jeans.
Twenty minutes later John opens the door to an incredibly dull, sparsely decorated bedsit with gray walls and barely any signs of a tenant, save for the army doctor blinking up at me in shock, caught in the process of tying his—
“Do you know you do that out loud?”
me within an inch of my life, too,” I finish with a laugh again, but for some reason, the suspicious glint in Greg’s gaze only sharpens at that.
To: Mike Stamford, 20:18
“Happier?” she offers in a mild tone after a minute or an hour of silence, and I realize I zoomed out on her again.
Sherlock was begging himself to push through the running bodies faster, he had to find the voice. He had to find the screaming boy. He had to find his son.
Sherlock nodded, watching the shoebox uncomfortably. "Will you set that down?"
There was a boy screaming.
John smiled a little, his face flushed with both heat and alcohol, his breath smelling like whiskey. "Yeah. One more question." Sherlock let his eyes flicker everywhere as he read John like a book, slipping his hand slowly to John's arm, causing his breath to hitch, completely breathless in anticipation. John's pulse was racing so fast that Sherlock could practically hear it as the doctor's pupils grew wider steadily, his eyes going dark and animalistic with want and need.
"Shezza? You ready to go?" She looked at him expectantly, letting a hand fall onto his shoulder.
John stiffened. Why had he brought this up? Well, he had to confront it as some time, why not right before his wedding while his best man was standing next to him half naked? "Well, when you… came back, Mary figured something out that surprised me a little."
John smiled a little, observing as Sherlock had to grab the toddler around the waist and pick him up off the floor to grab a flower out of his mouth. "Stop that. We don't eat random plants unless it's for science."
"You have to talk to him about it."
Outside on the landing, John walked over to Sherlock, who was looping his scarf around his neck angrily. John pointed back towards the door, lowering his voice. "What do you think?"
"And you're tall. Stop sayin' facts."
"Meet me at 32-38 Northcote road in an hour. I'll be inside."
Sherlock shook his head slowly, confused. "Can’t have ‘sometimes’. Has to be, um… all times." He struggled to pull himself up a little in his chair, raising his eyebrows at John in a challenge.
"Hey." Sherlock smiled softly, looking into the blue eyes staring into his own. John brushed a soft kiss on his lips and he blushed bright red in response. "John?"
Archie, the kid of the couple just killed.
"Mhmm."
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, hugging her desperately. “It hurts so much. It hurts too much. I want it to disappear.”
"John…"
Movement.
Sherlock took a deep breath, letting it out slowly, becoming quite annoyed with the repetitive questions. He couldn't exactly tell John that he was only comfortable around Janine like this because she knew that he was cutting himself and was helping him get over the need. "It is very… affirming. We are in a good place."
Sherlock was screaming.
John was screaming. He was running at the camera man, angry tears pouring from his eyes.
Lifting.
John chuckled, walking towards them politely. "I would prefer you refrain from eating the flowers outside. I don't think the people that own this place would like their bushes eaten."
"I'm not totally sure about the things I feel for you, but I think I've loved you since the Study in Pink."
"Ah. I should have known." She smiled, brushing her finger down his jaw. "I'm the only one who knows what you are really like, remember?"
Blurry face above him.
"Mrs. Hudson. Please refrain from the jokes."
Creeping Willow is a sign of
"Where's Mommy?" Sherlock was cut off in the middle of his sentence when a small child spoke.
Sherlock wearily deduced John's every move through the rest of the day, being careful to avoid his hands. He noted John's lack of surprise when they found Mycroft searching through 221B for drugs, his angry glare at the umbrella wielding prat, and the way he slammed the door when Mycroft left without finding anything. He was angry. Sherlock was confused because shouldn't John be happy that there were no drugs?
Sherlock winced. Why had he ever thought to ask Molly? He probably just lost the only friend he would have left. What had he done? Why was he so stupid? "I didn't mean to. I was drunk."
John would have never cheated under any circumstances in any normal situation, but he had trusted Sherlock and let his guard down to the point where mistakes were made. They were both drunk, so their judgement was impaired, but Sherlock was immediately responsible for initiating the physical contact in the first place. Sherlock had taken advantage of John's trust. He had used John's nature against him. What kind of person did that?
John.
Mary's bridesmaid. One of the caterers. A young man wearing blue.
John laughed. "You picked the name!"
"That's great."
John let a small smile tug at his lips, looking at Sherlock with admiration. "That brilliant, huh? Amazing and fantastic. Don't you think you're over selling it just a bit."
Sherlock shrugged, raising his eyes towards his own paper. "So I am a human, I’m not as tall as people think I am." He sat back in the chair, pushing a hand through his hair. "I’m- I’m nice-ish." He noticed immediately when John stretched out his socked feet and propped them against the front of Sherlock’s chair next to his own legs. "Well, erm… I'm clever, important to you, important to some people, but I tend to rub them up the wrong way." He paused for a few moments before laughing with delight. "Got it."
He was vaguely aware that there were holes in his body from a gun, but his vision went fuzzy as arms held him, pressing down hard on his chest and dozens of hands carrying him in silence.
People.
Molly nodded silently. "Okay. We'll call Greg Lestrade and get him to send someone down here that knows how to deal with this sort of thing."
Nobody had accounted for the speech.
Sherlock entered his Mind Palace, gathering everything that had to do with John, the good and the bad, and shoving it all into the room at the top of the stairs. He poured a yellowish liquid onto the floor before backing out of the room and pouring the liquid all over the stairs. When a safe distance away, Sherlock put down the gas can and pulled a box of matches out of his pocket, lighting a single one and letting it drop.
Sherlock shook his head. "Oh, don’t be daft."
Sherlock just shook his head, letting go of John's biceps to lean back in his seat, raising his glass and shrugging to indicate that he wasn't bothered by the moment. He let the moment slide away into silence, both men taking a few sips from their respective drinks.
"Dear lord, Sherlock what have you done?" Molly covered her face, groaning and looking rather ridiculous in her fuzzy pink robe and bulbasaur slippers. "You can't just go around having sex with everyone's drunk husband!"
John looked him up and down, grinning awkwardly before pulling himself together. "Wow. Yeah, hi. I’m John. Good to meet you." He shook Tom's hand, shooting a look over to Mary who was snickering as Tom held on just a little too long. Getting no help from her, he looks across to Sherlock, who finally turned round from the window.
"Ish."
“He made me vulnerable. Weak. It felt wonderful to give myself to him, but in surrender lies madness.” He leaned his head against he shoulder, tears soaking into her shirt. “I hate being human. I hate heights because there is so much falling. I hate feelings and I hate him.”
Bang.
Noises.
"HURT." Left lung.
John snorted. "Yeah, but am I a pretty lady?" He batted his eyelashes and tilted his head a certain way when he looked at Sherlock, who leaned forward and screwed up his eyes to peer at the paper to distract himself from John.
And started shooting. Toppling bodies. Soaking table cloths in blood. Causing the screams.
Molly groaned. "That's even worse Sherlock. You can't just do that."
Sherlock stepped forward a bit, fingers shaking as he reached out. "Those idiots searching my flat took it out and I don't want people looking inside."
Sherlock smiled, chuckling a bit. "That sounds perfectly reasonable. After all brother, you have recently become a mess because of him." Before Mycroft could say anything, he ended the call and turned to John who approached along the corridor.
Sherlock sat down in his seat, sipping his warm drink. "Of course Mångata. I would never want you to be late because of me." He leaned back in his chair, glancing over to the strange looks John was shooting him. "What is it John, I know you want to ask something."
She grinned, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Well it really does depend on if I find someone prettier that I don't have to fix." Pressing her lips firmly onto Sherlock's, she kissed him, slipping in a little tongue and biting his lip before pulling away. "Solve me a crime Sherlock Holmes."
John leaned back a bit, taking off the piece of paper from Sherlock's head and showing him that it was his own name before leaning back in, the distance slowly closing as he smiled. "Yeah. Yeah I have a lot."
Sherlock nodded. "Yeah. I know." Slowly sitting up on his own, he grabbed the towel from her and held it against his chest while he stood up. "Help me cover this?"
John just sighed, walking across the room to sit on the couch again. "So, are you two serious?"
John laughed. "Yeah, that's not going to happen again. Last time she told me something she thought I knew, I had a bit of a break down for a few days."
John let his eyes flutter open heavily, tilting his fog filled head to the right to look at the man standing there, both of them listening to the sound of car doors slamming and desperate yelling down below in the street. Sherlock was standing near the edge, observing the commotion at the front door of the hospital as the heavy rain fell around them both, soaking the wilted figure of John and leaving Sherlock dry as expected. The wind rushed over the rooftop, pushing the back of Sherlock’s unbuttoned black trench coat around him like the billowing sail of a ship. Turning to face John with those dead eyes staring right through his soul, Sherlock stiffly made his way over to the doctor and crouched down over him, letting the blood coming from the side of his head drip onto John’s cheeks. “How very disappointing.”
Holding a rough, callused hand.
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock flung his arm over the teen's shoulders. "No more eating random flowers. After we get Sammy back to Andi, I'll take you back to my flat and we can test some of them. Maybe we could grab some samples on the way out."
John smiled softly at Sherlock, moving his hand back over his mouth to try and hide the smile. "More than you would ever let yourself realize."
Molly sighed, rubbing her temples. "Uhhhg. Sherlock, I don't want to be a part of this. Or at least, I don't want to know about your sex life despite the fact that you're my friend." She sighed, slumping in her seat and rubbing her eyes. "Alright, we deal with this thing later. Get some time to think and all that. Just go to sleep and we can talk about this sometime else if you still need to."
John.
Molly sighed lightly, rubbing her hands over her arms. "Listen, Sherlock, you're my friend and I care for you so I promise I won't tell anyone, but you should go talk to him. That's all the advice I can give you. Especially when he has his own child to think about."
Sherlock turned back to look into John's dark blue eyes, his own filled with pain, regret, guilt, jealousy, and the overwhelming sense of humble sacrifice. But more than anything, he was happy. He was happy because John had found someone better to love. "It's time for you to become her husband, just as it always will be from now on."
After we finish eating, Sherlock, who seems to be on his best behaviour, takes our plates to the sink and begins to do the washing up.  Leaving him to it, I take my coffee cup into the sitting room and sit on the couch to fret about what comes next.
After logging into the control window, I locate the tab for CCTV and scan back about fifteen minutes to when the man was in the shop.
Although nothing seemed to have changed between the royal siblings on the surface, John could detect traces of pride and fondness in Sherlock’s tone. Maybe they had reached an understanding in the intervening years, helped along by the passing of their father.
I inhale sharply, and the words loop through my head.  Each time they repeat, it sounds more and more like a declaration, a promise of something bigger.  I’m so close to uttering those three small words that mean so much back to him; I can feel them percolating at the back of my brain but I can’t quite get them to come out.  Instead, I pull him down into a fierce kiss, trying to put every overwhelming thing I’m feeling into it so Sherlock will maybe just
Harry
“That’s ridiculous.”  He glares at the fence as if its caused personal offence.  “A primary tenet of the urban parks movement was to create spaces that were for the  benefit of
“Hi, Greg.” I reach to grasp his hand briefly.  “Er, I was just introducing Molly to Sherlock.  Sherlock, this is Molly and Greg.”
“Sherlock!” John hissed, fork clattering to his plate and a flush rising on his neck.
SHERLOCK and John have been together for nearly 54 years, and yet they have only been out publicly for one. After spending so long ‘in the closet’, it would be understandable for this change to have impacted them quite significantly, but they seem less concerned about their secret being out than they do about the ongoing circus around them. “Neither of us has ever felt comfortable with being the centre of attention,” John says, and then gives his partner a sly look. “Even Sherlock, who cannot pass up an opportunity to show off. But that’s always been on his terms — this hoopla, however, is out of our control. It’s a bit much to take in. We’re fine with the world knowing, but I look forward to the day our names aren’t in the papers anymore.”
“Wait!” he hissed, pitching his voice low so it was less likely to carry to their pursuer but loud enough to be heard by the man in front of him.  He received no response, however, so John continued to run through the darkened alleys, chasing a taxi-hijacking loon.  The fact that John was still following him must say something about his own sanity, but here he was nevertheless.
Major Lestrade looked skeptical.  “You observed my life story,” he asked, his tone leaning towards impertinent. He caught himself just in time and quickly added, “Your Highness.”
I take a few minutes to breathe, closing my eyes and counting slowly to one hundred.
“Sherlock, go pour some wine,” I command in my best Captain Watson voice, trying to pull myself together.
If I had taken more than a second to consider this plan, I would have realised that it was a terrible decision because now I’m faced with the reality that Sherlock Holmes will be inside my flat.  With its air of pitiful neglect and desolation, it’s not really a place to bring company - we tend to gather at Greg and Molly’s for dinners and parties - and I’m sure he’s got a ridiculous posh house over in Knightsbridge with a cleaning service and a chef.  I try to recall if there are any dirty dishes or clothes left lying about but can’t remember clearly.
Sensing he needs some space, I set about getting things sorted for a very late lunch/early dinner of Pad Thai with prawns and green curry with chicken.  Not having eaten since breakfast, my stomach grumbles at the sight and smell of the food and I nudge Sherlock’s feet aside so I can sit on the sofa to tuck into my heaping plate.  Eventually, Sherlock unfurls and unenthusiastically nibbles his way through a small portion of Pad Thai.
For the last few minutes, John had been focused on tracking the man by sound, and now he heard nothing except the nightly domestic noises of a London neighbourhood.  Nothing behind him either.  It seemed like both the mysterious stranger from the cab and his pursuer had disappeared into the night.
“You think he could make me happy?”  I hate how small my voice sounds.
“Don’t you?”
“Harry, this is Sherlock.  Sherlock, this is my baby sister, Harry.”
Sherlock shakes his head and smiles, “No, you’re wrong.  You are a mystery, John Watson.”
The footman led him through an elegant foyer, their footsteps sounding loud on the intricately-laid parquet floors. The space was much more simply decorated than John had expected, given the ornate decor of the staircase and corridor leading to Sherlock’s apartments. Above the white paneling, the walls were painted a subtle green instead of papered and were adorned by a collection of small paintings, lit by the warm light from pairs of sconces. A glass vase of white roses and greenery sat upon a console table.
At first I think I’m hearing things, and I can’t stop myself from asking, “Pardon?”
Received 13/5/2018 09:36
And with that, this is officially the longest fic I've ever written and we're nowhere close to being finished.  Thank you so much for reading so far and for all your lovely comments! <3 xx
“Hobnob for the road?” he asks, surprising me yet again.
Mycroft sniffs.  “You are making a mistake, Sherlock.”
We move around each other, picking up takeaway containers and dirty dishes and carrying them through to the kitchen.  I begin the washing up as Sherlock makes a couple trips back to the sitting room to collect our wine glasses and other bits and pieces before leaving the kitchen entirely.  I hear him settle in the other room as my mind replays everything that's just happened over and over again.
“Take a seat. Let’s look at that nose.” He pulled out one of the chairs and stood back so Sherlock could sit down.
It feels like how being in love should be -- floating through a dark blue sky.
On the face of it, I fall into a routine that resembles my life before Sherlock stumbled into it.  I focus on my work at the shop, putting more effort into increasing profits because I need this venture to survive.  I spend time with my friends so I don’t just wallow in my flat alone.  I visit my therapist and work on new pages for Harry.
“Oh.”  Sherlock breaths out, looking slightly stunned.  “Thank you.”  He studies it -- it’s a slightly worse-for-the-wear pink rose, nothing special -- and then leans forward to place a kiss on my cheek, his curls tickling my ear.
“He is highly intoxicated, is he not?”
Sherlock shrugged, suddenly embarrassed. “Earlier tonight you jokingly called me ‘detective’, and while that does seem outlandish, I feel it would be something at which I would excel. I see things—patterns, clues, tells. It just happens in my brain, it is impossible to stop it, so instead of just racking up deductions about every person I meet to no effect, I could… help. Solve things, I mean, put it to use. Seems a bit more productive than finding out which noble is in debt due to excessive gambling, which footman is sleeping with which maid or how much weight Mycroft gains because of the sweet tooth he does not admit to having.”
The jingle for Capital caught his attention.  Oh, Christ.  Why on Earth was their radio tuned to Capital?
“Now!”
“I know, John. It is fair to say that I do not know what it is like to experience those things firsthand, but I realise the majority of the people living in this world are not so lucky to live in palaces with a host of servants and the promise of delicious feasts and frivolous entertainment. I know that, and perhaps I could do something to alleviate the strife.”
John did as he was bid and met the other guard as he entered the courtyard, a wide paved space with few adornments and one vehicle parked over on the right side.
With a grin, John peppered a series of quick kisses across Sherlock’s cheekbones, on the bridge of his nose and the corner of his lips, along his jaw and down his neck. John laughed as Sherlock squirmed beneath him, grunting with displeasure as John continued to avoid his mouth. Then Sherlocked levered his long legs up to hook behind his back and John found himself manhandled into a position where Sherlock was able to kiss him properly again.
A small shock zips through me. Not that my military service is a secret, but it’s just not something I talk about, even with Greg and Mols, and especially not with random customers that wander into my shop. “I, um, I was -- how did you know that?”
Green Park was quite dark at this time of night, lit only by the streetlamps along the edges and the headlights of cars as they passed.  Thankfully, it was also a clear night so his path was aided by the light of the moon.  As he crossed through the row of poplar trees that separated the park from the buildings along the northeast edge, he picked up the sound of heavy footsteps on the pavement behind him.  His heart leapt in his chest and Sherlock took off through the dark.
“Anyone who doesn’t realise how amazing you are is a right idiot,” I add, pecking him on the cheek, and then disentangle myself from him.  Once free of his grasping fingers, I go off in search of my shoes and coat, patting my pockets to make sure I have my phone and wallet.
Once it’s done and after the coffee has brewed in the cafetiere, I compile a tray with our breakfast things and bring it through to the sitting room, placing it on the coffee table.  Then I steel myself to return to the bedroom to receive Sherlock's review of my comic.
The combination of delicious food, a lot of wine, and rather intense conversation has given me a content buzz as we leave Angelo’s to walk along Northumberland Street, now quiet, back towards Charing Cross.  Our hands touch once, twice and then again.  Each brush of his skin is driving me crazy and I want nothing more than to reach out and hold his hand, or pull him against me and kiss that mouth again, lush and wine-stained.  But we’re about to step out into one of the busiest areas of London, much less private than my little street, so I’m not sure what’s allowed, what Sherlock would permit in public.
“I have come to collect Sherlock, Captain, but he is flatly refusing to join me, especially, it seems, without you. Maybe you can convince him.” The way he said this, it sounded less like a suggestion and more of an order.
“Are we ready to go?” he asks.
He dutifully said goodbye to Mummy, kissing her on the cheek, and nodded stiffly to Papa before following Mycroft and Major Lestrade out of the room.
“Did you not realise that those people were ready to have you drawn and quartered for insulting the King?  Seriously, Sherlock, what was that all about?”
“Ah!  I always wondered what it was -- she mentioned once that she was working on a project with you but wouldn’t say any more.  How’s that going?  The idea of you two collaborating is hard to imagine.”
“No, our arrival will be on our terms.” Sherlock said, pulling out his pocket watch. “We shall be there by two o’clock and no earlier. You cannot return to the Ritz and travel to the barracks before then anyway. If that is all, John and I will be on our way.”
“For as long as you want - for dinner, for the night. . .” Sherlock paused and fiddled with his teacup before looking up through his lashes, “Forever.”
Instead of responding, he works his hands under my back and pulls himself tight against me, nose nuzzling into my neck, not so much with affection but rather, it seems, to seek comfort.  It’s late -- he must be exhausted, and he’s still in his tux.  The wool, fine as it is, still scratches against the skin of my forearms.
They are also the reason the King decided to buck precedent and appear in person to give his assent, something normally done in private between the monarch and the government Ministers. King Philip is, after all, Sherlock’s nephew, so the King’s support of this Act was not only a sign of progress in a country that tends to favour the traditions and mythology of a fallen empire, but also a heartwarming act of familial support for his beloved uncles.
It’s like a punch to the gut.  No wonder that asshole was smug when he left.  How the fuck did he mess with my CCTV?
After a brief hesitation, John shook Sherlock’s large hand, warm, sure fingers engulfing his own. “You were correct. Receiving your letter was a surprise. It’s been quite a long time.”
Suddenly, the weight on my chest shifts and my eyes snap open and I’m greeted by the butterflies-in-the-tummy and still unbelievable sight of a head of dark curls resting on my chest.  Sherlock is asleep, deep breaths hot on my skin, and I gape at him in wonder.  He’s here and he’s mine.
Sherlock is panting against my cheek, his forehead pressed to mine.  “John,” he gasps, his hips continuing to rock against mine in a controlled rhythm, deliberately slower.  He pulls back then, bracing himself to look down at my face.  “I need you.  Please.”  It’s pleading and visceral, sending a frisson of electricity down my spine.
“Sherlock!” John hissed.  Could the little git just play along or did he want them to get a couple of black eyes?  He grabbed Sherlock under the arms and hoisted him to his feet, pushing him towards the door and placing himself between Sherlock and the angry crowd they’ve attracted.  “Apologies for my friend here.  We’ll just be going.  You folks enjoy the rest of the evening.”
It was a dangerous thought. He could feel himself succumbing to Sherlock’s intoxicating presence, ready to run, fight or laugh with the slightest indication from the man opposite him. Sherlock’s gravitational pull would be too strong and John would be too willingly trapped in his orbit. But that could only end in heartache.
“The list?”  The existence of a list threw him for a moment, especially as they clearly were not infantry, like Benton and the boys, but Sherlock rallied and spit out a smooth lie.  “I should certainly hope so.  Mister Sherlock Holmes and Captain John Watson, guests of Major Lestrade and General Erskine, if you please.”  Sherlock drew himself up to his full height and sniffed, affecting an air of unconcerned nonchalance.  John’s snapped his head around to look at him, eyes widening at the lie.
John looked up.  The man was regarding him thoughtfully, a small curious smile playing at his lips.
I sniff to rein in the sudden onslaught of emotions and choke out an uninspired, “oh.”
The driver indicated his turn and pulled to a stop on the residential street.  “Okay, this is your stop, mate, and you owe me ten shillings for the bother!”
After another deep breath, I try to explain the situation for the second time in the span of a few minutes.  I’m rambling a bit, but I manage to finish it coherently, tamping down on the anxiety that’s been building up inside of me since I stepped out of the Tube station.
With an exaggerated roll of his eyes, Sherlock pushed himself out of the chair and stood in the middle of the kitchen, looking a bit lost.
I need a cup of tea.
I can’t resist that request.
With that, Sherlock turned in a swirl of coat and began striding down the alleyway, leaving John behind with Major Lestrade. With a nod and a muttered “Major” in salutation, John made to follow, but Lestrade grabbed his arm.
This calls for tea.
Illuminated by the headlights of the taxicab, the man darted across the narrow street and into a lane between two of the houses on the right, the darkness swallowing him.  As John picked up his pace to follow, a shout came from behind him.  Glancing over his shoulder, John saw that someone had exited the other car and was now making his way across the street as well.  John faced forward and focused on getting away as quickly as his leg would allow.
Sherlock glanced at John and said, voice softer, “Yes, I would like to think he is still my friend.”
“Dinner?”
“Perfectly, Prince Henry.”
“Ugh.  Fine.”
“Turn around.”
“Okay, yes, we learned of a party near Curzon Road and ventured there after Trafalgar Square,” Sherlock began grudgingly, and then the rest just tumbled out, an unstoppable rush of words. “That, however, did not turn out as we expected so we were seeking out another public house in Knightsbridge, when we came across an injured soldier, and John, being an Army medic, assessed his injuries and ensured he remained in stable condition until an ambulance arrived. Seeing as he had quite a serious head wound, I do worry for what would have become of the young soldier had John not been there to treat him. He truly is a hero and a credit to his Majesty’s army.”
“Sherlock is fine.”
They led separate lives, but when King George VI passed away in February 1952 and the entire nation mourned the steadfast ruler who had lead them through the war years, their paths drew closer once more. It is clear that Sherlock still finds it difficult to speak of his father’s death, and John picks up their story, effortlessly easing the burden from his partner.
His head snaps up so quickly and his eyes flash with intensity.  “Yes.”
He had had a marvellous time with John and yet the idea of sharing their adventures with his parents, and loathsome Mycroft, was unfathomable. Whatever he would say to describe what they had done and where they had gone would only seem silly or ridiculous in their eyes. And a part of him wanted to keep these memories private, just between him and John, especially considering what had happened in the alley off Sloane Street. No, he definitely did not want to share his memories of the evening with anyone besides John.
“It’s true,” Mike says, “And yet we still haven’t gone.  Some day, Nic, some day.”
So this is where I spend my days, where I lead a strange half-life. I wake up in this tiny flat that I bought after my wife left me (that is another story entirely), eat some toast with jam, pick up a coffee from the place around the corner as I walk to work, sometimes have dinner with my friends, more often than not, I spend the evening flicking through channels on my small telly and ordering a takeaway. Perhaps I wouldn’t be a million miles from his world if my life had led me to one of those three-story Notting Hill houses with access to a private garden.
Just after one o’clock, I pop out of the shop for lunch, another sad meal deal from Boots.  I really should start packing my lunches instead of being disappointed every day, but that would require me to be far more organised.   It'd be cheaper, too, which is important if things keep going downhill with the shop.  Something for future me to think about; I’m feeling far too happy to worry about it today.
“No!” I yelp, pulling the phone out of his hands.  Although my own curiosity is eating away at me, I can’t stomach the idea of seeking out the story on the gossip sites.  If I am to find out any of the details, then Sherlock needs to tell me himself.  Anything else would be horribly unfair.  “It’s just, you know, the likes of the Sun or the Daily Mail are going to be ruthless whatever it is.  I don’t want it to be, well, gossip.  This is about Sherlock, about his life.  I don’t want to know what the papers have to say.”
Uncomfortable with the compliments, John ruffled a hand through his hair. “Er, Mrs Hudson, this is Sherlock. Sherlock, Mrs Hudson, Harry’s landlady.”
“Oh, please.  Where is that can-do spirit that won the war?”
The footman nodded and pulled the chair next to Sherlock’s out so that John could be seated. Opposite him, another footman pulled out the chair for Major Lestrade.
John: “I think I’ll just echo what Sherlock has already said. Like him, I feel like we were meant to be together — he is my one true love — but neither of us are easy men to be with and we have had to learn to forgive the small things and recognise what is truly important, which is each other.”
“Give us a moment!” Prince William spat.
“Oh, John!  Is he off then?”  She’s wearing an apron and there is a delicious smell coming from her flat.
“I lied.”
“Well, now that we are properly introduced and you seem to have come to accept that I am not on the run from the law, can we sit?  Then, once we are certain that we are no longer being followed, perhaps we can continue on our journey.  Do you know the best way to get to Trafalgar Square quickly from here?”
I’m standing in front of him now and he’s staring up at me, disbelief written all over his face.
⟪is he still there??? U never sleep this late!! xx⟫
⟪Oh.  Go to sleep, John.  SH⟫
“Let him go!” Sherlock said, pulling at one of the soldiers arms, attempting to remove his hands from John’s person. The soldier’s grip was momentarily dislodged, but his other hand clamped down firmly around John’s bicep, and he grappled with Sherlock for a few seconds before twisting his right arm and thrusting it upwards. When it connected with his nose, Sherlock stepped backwards, off-balance and stunned. A burst of pain erupted through his face and he touched his nose gingerly, his fingers coming away covered in blood.
“Mm, please.”
“John, I have to go.”
In slow motion, he watched as the red hats reached John first, grabbing his arms roughly and jerking him away from Molly.
“I know!” the soldier burst out, before catching himself and promptly saluting. “I mean, I know, sir. That’s where I went - to fetch help from the barracks just there. I didn’t want to leave him, honest! I just wanted to help him!”
“When’s the coronation?” John asked.
John’s enthusiastic response made Sherlock feel overwhelmed, curling shyly into his shoulder, needing a moment to sort through all the thoughts and new feelings flying through his mind. Intimacy had never appealed to Sherlock - the majority of people he encountered were exceedingly dull, chronically self-serving, or currying favour with his family, and he preferred to stay as far from them as possible. John was different. (A small voice in Sherlock’s head reminded him that John did not know his true identity, but he shoved it aside.) John
He heard John release a small huff of laughter. “You are lovely,” he said, his voice warm, running like honey over Sherlock’s skin. Daring to open his eyes again, he looked down at John and discovered that the intensity from earlier had melted away and John was watching him patiently with a lopsided smile.
Eventually, it becomes to much and I tear my mouth away and gasp for air, “Jesus Christ.”  I press my forehead against the side of his jaw and try to catch my breath.  I’m glad to notice that Sherlock is breathing as hard as I am, our chests rising and falling together.
I rub the back of my neck.  “Erm, yes.  He is.”
Since he finished first, John got up and plucked two teacups from the draining board, again mismatched, and set them on the table.
This interview, they tell me, is to be the last they give, at least for the near future, and with that knowledge, I decide to end with three questions:
On my doorstep stands a thirty-something professional woman, looking remarkably pulled together for so early in the morning.  She’s wearing a crisp white shirt tucked into a dark pencil skirt, some pointed high heels that seem more like torture devices than shoes, and her dark curly hair is pulled back in a pile on top of her head.  She’s also juggling a drinks tray and a paper bag along with a large handbag and an armful of newspapers.
“Hi.”  I push up onto my toes to kiss him back.  “Hungry?  I was just contemplating breakfast.”
“This is exactly what I said would happen, which is why we worked so hard to keep it a secret.  The press are merciless and the general public is a mass of inane, gossiping fools with short attention spans.  They are always looking for some scurrilous pulp to chew up before they spit it out and move on to the next.  You are well aware of how things work by now, Sherlock.”
John’s head snapped up out of habit and his eyes widened as he took in the sight of this new addition to the scene.  At the entrance to the alley stood Major Lestrade, jaw tight and eyes sharp.  A note of worry ran down John’s spine at the sight of him, but Sherlock’s mysterious quarrel with this man wasn’t his chief concern at the moment.
Lestrade just sighed and replied, “It has been a rather trying evening.”
The kiss had not lasted long—they had both been aware of how risky it was. A servant, or worse, the King, might have walked in at any time. After a moment, they had pulled apart with hesitancy, and with a final lingering glance, they had climbed into the vehicle. Sherlock, behind the wheel, had adjusted his seat and then guided them slowly, reluctantly out of the grounds.
Mrs Hudson looked pleased as punch. “Oh, away with you both. Go get that nose sorted out and let an old woman sleep.” She shooed them up the stairs and when they reached Harry’s door, John heard the soft ‘snick’ of Mrs Hudson’s door closing down below.
On the other side stands Sally, as alert and well put together as ever.
This time, Sherlock shakes his head and squeezes me tighter.  “It felt all wrong without you there with me.  Any thrill I’d felt at past premieres completely evaporated tonight.”
I frown.  Surely it’s not his manager’s responsibility to sort out our dinner?  I fumble with my phone and tap out: ⟪I can collect it?  Or grab cash on my way home for delivery?⟫
The question catches me completely off guard.  Not one to pay attention to the tabloids, I’m always out of the loop on celebrity gossip.  It hadn’t occurred to me that Sherlock might have a girlfriend or a boyfriend.  Sherlock is quiet beside me and for a long moment, I think he’s not going to answer, and I’m not quite sure what I would do if that was the case.  The entire table has gone silent, although the others are trying to pretend like they aren’t zeroed in on Sherlock’s response.
Sherlock dipped his head and focused on eating his breakfast, the food losing some of its taste as he stewed in his discomfiture. A moment later, John pressed a reassuring elbow against his and he felt marginally better.
“Sorry, what?” Greg asks, dumbfounded.
John cleared his throat. “Well, there’s a party there tonight, isn’t there?”
“You went through my things?” I state, an edge to the words.
“Full of tourists.”  He pauses for so long that I think that’s all he’s going to say and I try to think of some way to change the topic, but then he continues, “Although I did enjoy the Franz Kafka Museum.  I read through much of his bibliography in its original German while I was there.  Helped pass the time.”
“It started as an assignment from my therapist,” I begin, my arms tightening around him fractionally as the words tumble out.  Sherlock gives me an answering squeeze, but stays silent, so I continue, “Unsurprisingly, I was absolute rubbish at talking about what happened while I was deployed and it took Ella, that’s my therapist, months to get anywhere with me.  Eventually, after yet another frustrating session, she suggested I distance myself from my memories and feelings and translate them into a story, with a main character who wasn’t me taking on my experiences, to see if it made it easier for me to address them.”
I sit down on the sofa and start taking the food out of the bag, opening containers and scooping a little bit of everything onto the plate in front of me.  Sherlock sits down next to me, spine straight, and looks over the assortment of food in front of him, eventually choosing some pork Pad See Ew and serving some onto his plate.
how I feel for him without me having to say it.  I’m not brave enough for that yet.
After shuffling away from the palace, he’d managed to flag down the taxi, falling inside with a muttered direction to his sister’s address in Battersea, where he planned to have a cup of tea, massage his leg and fall into a bed that wasn’t surrounded by dozens of others like his bunk at the hospital or in the barracks.
The term ‘escalation’ pops into my mind.  He’s moved on from sending text messages and now has the nerve to stand in my shop.  The fact that this person, this stranger, thinks he has any right to interfere in our lives is galling.  How he’s connected to Sherlock, if he is at all, remains unclear -- perhaps he’s some billionaire playboy who thinks he can buy the attention of celebrities.
frustrating.
He snorts.  “I’ve seen your handwriting, John.  There’s no way that translates into drawing skills.”
Laughing, I say, “I don’t know, Sherlock.  I’ll probably be doing my usual -- close up the shop, order a takeaway and settle in with a good book.  Why, what have you got on?”
For the first time in our acquaintance, I can’t detect any sarcasm beneath Sally’s words and it feels strangely uncomfortable.  I’m not used to her being heartfelt about anything, despite the fact that she clearly cares for Sherlock, and seemingly by extension, me.
I cough through my emotional discomfort and manage to say ‘thanks’ before taking a stress sip of my cappuccino.  Greg raises an eyebrow and gives me a nudge with his elbow.
“You complete wanker.  You didn’t tell me you were in touch with him again!” Harry screeches, smacking me in the shoulder.  “When did this happen?”
“Pssh.  When have we ever cared about following conventional heteronormative dating rituals?  They’re silly and outdated, and besides, it’s not about that -- I’m being serious,” he says, sounding a bit put out.  “By Saturday, I will be done with my current promotional obligations and after a rather chaotic start to our relationship, I thought it would be nice to spend time together, outside of this flat.”
“And how is Mycroft coping with being king?” John felt that it might be impertinent to ask, but he was curious, and doubted Sherlock would call him out on such a thing.
His reply comes a few minutes later.  ⟪I can multitask. Molly is thrilled for you, by the way -- expect to be interrogated tonight.⟫
My heart stutters.  “Wow, I. . .I would, yes.”
responses.”
✢SAYING I DO✢
I’m caught off guard by his compliment as Sherlock Holmes does not seem the type to employ flattery.  I stare at him as he finishes his tea.
John shakes and shivers. "Then don't," she gasps, "keep me and I'll keep you." She moans loudly when Sherlock flicks and rubs. The pressure is at it highest and John can only get out a broken "Sherlock" before her climax hits. Sherlock doesn't let up, she continues to kiss and touch John through her orgasm.
"And your Nan?"
"You standing there in my shirt and boy shorts is hardly fair, John." She purrs and John involuntarily shivers.
"Yes, of course, why?"
They've always been not shy with the touching, but the amount of tenderness in the gesture almost makes Sherlock stop breathing. Satisfied that the crease between her eyebrows is gone, John leans back and continues eating her food.
"A vague liking, you say?" John's voice teases through the phone, "it was certainly a lot less 'vague' yesterday and the day before..."
"How dare you..." John snarls and Sally flinches from her tone.
I held your hair back when you were throwing up."
"They've been expecting us to date for a while. Mummy will probably be absolutely thrilled. She did always like you and your wit." Sherlock drawls as she stretches like a cat on her unmade bed. "My father will probably write a celebratory poem for us. Mentioning the years of pining of course." She lifts her frizzy black haired head and fixes John with a stare that could only be described as sultry.
Home. Her John smells like home. Warmth and comfort and unconditional love. John's her safe place. Her haven. Sherlock can trust her John with anything and knows John will never think differently of her. The thought makes warm tears slip out of her eyes and land on the skin of John's neck. John twists until they're face to face. She looks concerned as she wipes the tears from her cheeks.
John grinned back.
She stands with him at the sink, helping him wash the dishes. "She's fantastic," Sherlock gushes to her older brother. Blushing hotly when she remembers their passionate times together. She clears her throat and begins drying a plate. "I am nervous, however, brother," she says, biting her lip.
"Yes, John," Sherlock sighs in relief.
Sherlock tries to say that yes, she's more than all right. She's bloody fantastic because she just kissed John Watson; her beautiful and stunning best friend and she kissed back.
Letting out a surprised gasp, she stares into her girlfriend's eyes. The hunger she fines in the dark blue depths is enough to make her heart stop. She moans when John leans down and traces her jaw with her tongue. She makes a path from Sherlock's jaw, ear and finally, she licks slowly into her mouth. It's a demanding kiss and Sherlock's toes curl as John presses more into it. John's tongue is hot and slick. She rarely let's Sherlock surface for air. The lack of oxygen is making her head fuzzy and body needy. She's so wet that she can feel it soaking through the silky material of her panties.
"Honestly, Sherlock," she had said, "it's perfectly fine."
She isn't cold but she notices how John being out of the room makes in cold and unbearable. In her head, she calls her girlfriend her "conductor of light". It's rather fitting, in Sherlock's opinion.
Arms surrounded her. She waited for pain to be inflicted. John's arms tightened ever so slightly and then her face was buried in the crook of Sherlock's neck. Soft whispers of "I'm sorry" left against her alabaster skin. Warmth seeped into her body, instantly relaxing her. More horrible sobs escaped her throat as she let herself be held.
Keeping quiet is what's best, right?
Sherlock can't help the snort that comes from her at the stupidity of the question. She wants to say something like
This will be fun.
Even if it hurts.
The first time John had ever seen the scars that Sherlock had was when she had popped over for a surprise visit. She had been away most their school break to visit her nan. So, she climbed the tree up to Sherlock's window.
Yawning and smacking her lips, she heads to the bathroom to brush her teeth.
"Don't be dull, John," she says, pinning her with another spine tingling stare. "How long have you known you're bi?"
She's loves the way John will poke at her when she's complaining that she's bored (as long as John's with her she is never dangerously bored) with those fingers that have pencil shavings and led particles stuck just under the small nails that adorn her fingers that she wishes to nip at playfully.
Sherlock had let a small smirk grace her lips as she grasped the warm hand and gave a firm, confident shake.
"Stop what?" She asks and softly touches John's cheek. Her heart melts when John places a kiss on her palm.
"Honestly, I dunno. For awhile I guess. Never thought too much on it. What with my da being a homophobic prick and all, didn't have much time to think on it."
John clears her throat and places the remainder of her food on the coffee table.
"Sherlock," John whispered so gently. "Oh, I am so sorry."
John grabs on of her trembling hands and settles it on her chest.
"Good."
"Excellent!" Sherlock preens, "I'll teach you, then. It's fascinating."
I was scared of letting go
"Worrying." She says and then she takes her hand and kisses her wrist. "Nothing to worry 'bout, love. You're mine."
Rushing up the stairs, she calls down, "I love you, Mike! You're the best!" She laughs when his voice responds with:
She makes her way up the carpeted stairs and leans against the frame of her best friends door, admiring the view.
Sherlock had been in just a over large t shirt and black boy shorts. John had stopped to admire her mile long legs when she first noticed the thin light pink cuts that adorned her best friend's alabaster skin. Some looked fresher than others and John's heart ached. The scars were covered soon enough by sweats.
She's clutching at her stomach and Sherlock finds it extremely adorable. Rolling her eyes, she huffs and shoulders her best friend gently. Smiling wide when John giggles and shoulders her back. Sherlock relishes the warmth she can feel from John and bites her lip.
"You're oddly quiet. Is everything okay?" Sherlock asks, concerned.
"What will your parents think about all this?" John asks as she roughly dries her hair with a towel. Sherlock dramatically drops back on her bed which causes John to shake her head fondly at her girl friend.
When she flips through them she almost collapses as she realizes just what the papers are for. Tears gather in her eyes and she falls to the floor holding the papers, unable to hold back her tears any longer.
This is very good.
"It's unfair," her girl friend says, "because you're over there and I'm over here. It's unfair because I can't kiss you or cuddle you when you're all the way over there."
The first time Sherlock played for her, she was so nervous that she had swiped the bow a little too harshly over the strings. A hideous shrieking sound was the result that made both of them wince in discomfort and Sherlock's cheeks to flush an even more gorgeous shade of pink. Sherlock had been close to tears. Muttering "so stupid" and saying a stuttering apology to John. John had told her it was okay if she did  not feel like playing.
"Can I at least rub you? Through your briefs? I just want to bring you off. Can I have that, please?" John gulps and nods frantically. Sherlock smiles and slides back up to kiss her.  John let's out an embarrassing squeak when Sherlock's hand moves between her thighs and settles right on the damp spot. It quickly turns into a moan when she starts rubbing. Soft to hard. John knows she's not going to last long.
It's strangely quiet over the phone.
Unknowingly to her, Sherlock lets out a quiet giggle.
Cuz I played it cool when
They collapse on the unmade bed. John covers Sherlock's body with hers as they continue to kiss. Their hands wander and John shivers as one of Sherlock's perfect hands sneak its way under her shirt and gently caress the warm skin of her back. The kisses switch between chaste and exploring to deep and plundering. Kissing the perfect girl laid out beneath her might just be John's favorite pass time.
She melts at John's warm chuckle. Her heart thudding frantically in her chest, pounding against her ribcage.
Nodding frantically, John says, "oh god, yes."
Letting out another sigh, she heads to the bathroom.
"Stay," Sherlock says her voice muffled by John's shoulder. "I like feeling you on top of me."
"So, she is your John? That only took four years for you two to get it together."
Her small smile blooms into a dopey grin as she remembers the first time Sherlock had ever played for her. She was so nervous! The alabaster color of her cheeks had been burning a very lovely shade of light pink. John had spent a weak just trying to create the color will all the paints she had. In the end, she had succeed and had painted the wooden frame of her twin sized bed the same color. Along with the mercury shade if Sherlock's eyes.

"Are you okay?"
"Why are all your stories about girls falling in love with girls, recently?" Sherlock finds herself asking. "I mean isn't the norm writing heterosexual love stories?"
"How long?" Sherlock asks, her voice pitched low, almost a growl.
Sherlock smiles. John never stops taking care of her and her best friend doesn't even realize it. It warms her that someone has actually managed to stick around for my than a year. John has broken the record. She's been friends with Sherlock for three years.
John smiles nervously. "Ta da!"
"Please just hold me, John," Sherlock says, voice barely above a whisper and so so broken. "Please stay."
She doesn't miss John's sharp intake of breath or how her pulse jumps. Stepping back, she gives John a playful wink. John whirls and shuts off the stove and then pounces on Sherlock. Sherlock's pushed up against the wall while John absolutely ravages her mouth. Sherlock is dizzy and all she can think about is John's lips and hands. A warmth rises and settles into her pelvic area. A warm stirring of arousal makes her gasp. John pulls back and her eyes are near black with lust and hunger. Hunger for her.
John let's out a sigh and cuddles into Sherlock's neck.
She'll have to go back to her shabby house where there's no heat because her dad's a good for nothing with an intense love for the bottle. Trailing a hand down her girlfriend's back, she vaguely wonders if she should tell her father about Sherlock. About how she loves her. The memory of her older sister introducing her girlfriend to Walt Watson comes fresh to her mind and she closes her eyes tightly to make it disappear.
She hugs her best friend tightly and lifts her face to bury it into the junction of John's neck. She knows that her breathing is far too quick and that she should try to take deeper, calmer breaths. It just seems so impossible...
The other girl merely shook her head and schooled her face into an amused expression.
And that's how it all began.
It wasn't like she'd walked into to the dull hallways of Sherrinford High planning to be saved by Sally Donovan by a short, grumpy, blonde haired girl with eyes as blue as the darkest ocean waters. She wasn't planning on said short blonde haired grump to offer a hand to help her up off the cold floors of the hallway. She certainly wasn't expecting for her savior to walk her into the not so clean girls bathroom to patch up a split lip and to check for a concussion. In short, she was not expecting to make a friend.
Sherlock blushes bright red and her older brother smiles truimphantly.
"...okay? What exactly makes you nervous, little sister?" Mycroft asks, confusion clear in his voice. "She isn't lying, you know."
"But I'm not."
When she wakes up, it's to an empty side of the bed and cold sheets. She pouts and curls on her side.
"Come on, Sherlock. In. Out. In. Out."
When it's over, John collapses boneless against the softness of Sherlock's sheets. She cracks an eye open to see her girlfriend inspecting the strands that web her fingers. Too exhausted to say anything, John huffs and closes her eyes, muttering a "Jesus Christ".
Clearing her throat, John does her best to shrug. It doesn't workout too well. Much to her disappointment.
She probably never will.
John's face had broke out into a grin that caused two adorable dimples to show themselves.
His palm still itches slightly as his new roommate approaches and peers down at him with those eyes. Calculating and analysing everything about him. It's unnerving but not unwelcome. He feels as though someone is finally seeing him.
"Sherlock's sorta a weird name for a baby sitter, mum."
Soon, John's tongue travels down and Sherlock stops breathing when warm breath caresses her clitoris. She yells then moans when she feels it lap gently and then stab harshly. She's gong to come soon.
Sherlock loves a lot of things about John. So many that she would have to count all of them with her fingers, toes and possibly some bones. She's utterly and completely gone by her and sometimes that realization terrifies her.
"I'm gonna go make breakfast, love," she says softly, hands brushing against her girlfriend's cheek,  as she lifts herself off the bed. She's walks away from the bed only to be tugged back by a now frightened looking Sherlock. Mecury eyes wide in uncharacteristic panic, pleading. John lays down, arms opening. Sherlock instantly falls into them, breath tickling and warm against John's neck.
"Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes."
They settle comfortably on the couch. Decent sized plates of steaming Chinese food balanced on their knees. They sit close together and the slight contact from John's thigh pressed against hers makes Sherlock have to hold back a shiver.
"That's fine. My dad isn't home so it shoud be okay. I'll text you if anything changes though, okay?"
A thrill goes through her body as she understands what position she's in. Her best friend's icy eyes are watching her with an almost predatory gaze. John's body feels unbearably hot.
The back yard is warm. Pleasant and bright. The sun reflects off the leaves of the huge oak tree and between its branches.
Before Sherlock can reply with a snarky remark, it isn't a cat that has her tongue.
I think you should get some rest."
She wakes up with Sherlock's lanky form around her and places a sweet kiss to those frizzy curls she loves so much. She looks at the room which is slowly being filled by the morning's grey light and let's out a small sigh.
Shelock was quiet. Curled up in her bed under her fluffy comforter. She hadn't spoken since her panic attack and it was making John worried.
No. It can't be. Her best friend cannot be bisexual. Sherlock doesn't even want to get her hopes up. She doesn't even want to risk saying it out loud for the fear that she could be letting her hopefulness get the better of her.
"He wasn't a very nice man."
Maddie hums and twirls her spoon into the mushy cereal. Thinking the color is just like her mum's ugliest lay around jumper.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Just yourself, John. I was thinking I could come get you around 11? Would that be okay?"
Her John being shipped away to god knows where, fighting against god knows who.
She loves John. Completely. No question or hesitation. That's what terrifies her, because love means feeling and Sherlock Holmes has never been good at feeling. But, she'd gladly light herself aflame if it meant her John was warm.
John stares back at her calmly. Letting her take the information she needs. Sherlock stares at her for a few moments, dumbstruck.
"Sherlock, love, please look at me." Sherlock stays hidden in the crook of her neck. "Love, please look at me." Finally, Sherlock raises her head from her hiding place and looks at her girlfriend.
John's lips are warm, leaving a path of fire every where they go. Sherlock lays there content on letting her girlfriend kiss her way back to sleep. She has no idea what time it is. She really doesn't care. Sighing, she grabs her girlfriend and cuddles close to her, placing her own sleepy kisses on  tan skin.
John revels in the needy groan that emerges from Sherlock's throat. Her best friend's lips taste like the noodles she ate for dinner and mint chapstick. But, it's the taste of Sherlock that's got John completely hooked.
So, she let's go. Her orgasm washes over her in warm waves. She feels boneless as she catches her breath. John travels up her body slowly. She seems nervous.
"Sorry, what?" She asks stupidly and inwardly cringes. John rolls her dark blue eyes and sighs fondly.
No, Captain John Hamish Watson isn't that fickle and childish. It wasn't fate or destiny that brought him and Mike Stanford together. It wasn't fate that lead him into following Mike to meet an odd fellow who just so happened to be looking for a roommate.
She shivers.
"There you go, Sherlock. Good job!"
She hasn't told Sherlock about her plan to join the Army. She didn't think she'd have to. It's not like she imagined Sherlock Holmes falling in love with her or herself falling in love with her best friend. But, now that they're together, it seems wrong to keep her plans from her partner and best friend.
Sherlock looses focus for a minute, her full attention on John's tongue and lips.
