Castiel put a hand gently on Charlie’s shoulder; his hand was warm, and he smelled like clean laundry. “We’re going to open up here in half an hour. Why don’t you find a good spot to watch the show?”
Sam leaned a little further in to see Dean pick up a book from the stack and start flipping through it. Sam saw Cas look up at him with a sparkle in his eye and a faint blush. Just before Dean looked up from the book, frowning, Cas hurried to look away.
Ben snorted, and Lisa kicked him under the table. Dean colored. He had been to enough potlucks and dinner parties to know what exactly was happening. He was being probed again. Lisa had joined the rest of the town in trying to figure out his and Cas’s relationship.
Dean can no longer take the breakaway. He parts his lips to let in Cas’s tongue to entice him to stay. He flushes and slips his eyes closed as Cas groans, grateful for the invitation.
Dean, knowing full well that Cas could wait much longer than he could, took the pink lace panties and went into the bathroom.
“Seems to me that the only traffic we’re blocking is the traffic out to the chicken ranch. Isn’t that right, Sheriff?” Crowley hollered with a challenging smile.
He sighed, slumping into the contact slightly.“I was five minutes late for my interview at Sandover. I didn’t get the job.”
Dean smiles softly as he examines Ellen’s list. “Well, thanks for giving him the room. He’d freeze to death out in that warehouse. I mean,
Everyone cheered and jumped in to organize themselves. Castiel watched happily as his family bickered and teased and clung to each other. He could feel the tears welling up in his eyes.
Castiel’s mind screeched to a halt when Anna opened her hand and produced a little plastic sprig of mistletoe. She reached up and kissed Dean on the mouth.
Dean uses his entire head to roll his eyes and grouses, “Look at this parking job! I should write you a ticket on principle.”
“They’re reporters!” Sam cried. “What in the hell did you think the cameras were for?! Besides, everyone’s got a phone, so everyone’s got a camera.”
After being grilled alive by Lisa at dinner, Dean went home and poured himself two fingers of the strongest alcohol he owned. He snorted, remembering what Meg had said the other day about Lisa wanting to marry him. The only hooks she was interested in were the ones Dean had kept trying to catch Cas with.
Dean reached over and kissed Cas. “I’ll go tell him to fuck off.” He kissed Cas again for good measure. “Don’t leave this time!” One last kiss, Dean threw on his slacks and went to the door.
“Alright, better go tell the mule to get his ass off the car,” Dean said smugly. Sam and Charlie groaned. “Speaking of, be careful driving out to Cas’s, Sam. I hear there’s gonna be a strong breeze and I wouldn’t want that shitty Prius to get blown off the road.”
“He calls, though. Stops by to see everyone the day after Christmas. Drives out for birthdays, if he can swing it. He missed Cas’s this year.”
“Here,” Eileen says, putting a stack of paper-wrapped packages into his cart. She stretches and looks down the Cereal aisle where Dean is trying to decide between two flavors of Cheerios. “He got another rejection letter today?”, Eileen asks with a frown, looking back at Sam.
because he thinks the whole exercise is silly, but won’t say so in front of the kids. Dean must have had read some parenting book somewhere, Cas thinks, because he was also strangely protective of the Santa Claus Mythos.
At first, Castiel thought Dean must have figured out they named him after an angel, but he took another look, his eyes catching on the words “time flies” on the clock face.
Dean frowned. “Wouldn’t it be bad then to make an enemy of someone with deep pockets like Novak Corp?”
So harmless in fact that if you hadn’t had some dealing with it, people would find you highly suspicious or worse—annoying. Never wanting to appear anything less than affable, Lucifer, like many other Texas legislators, had spent his fair share of time at the Chicken Ranch.
The tension leaked out of Charlie’s body. Convinced now she wasn’t about to be tossed out on the street for being a cybercriminal, she said, “If it’ll help, I can get Crowley to back off.”
Suddenly he heard a car pulling up into the driveway. Confused, Dean went to the window. It was Claire Novak’s car. A blonde Dean knew well stepped out of the passenger’s side.
Rufus nodded thoughtfully. “Boys handy. I almost hired him at the hardware store, but Lily gave him a better offer.”
The boys that had come in earlier were still roughhousing at the very end of the countertop. The shopkeeper told them to quiet down before they scared off the other customers. Castiel frowned and looked around. Apart from the boys, he was the only other customer.
His wallet was full again and, after the holiday, he could focus on the important things like buying food and microwaves and—he smelled his shirt, grimacing— bathing regularly.
Dean shrugged it on, surprised by how much room there was inside. Castiel picked the scarf from where it had fallen onto the cabin floor.
“Well, fuck you guys. Cactus Cat’s real,” Dean insists, his excitement building. “He’s this cat the size of a German Shepard, covered in cactus spines.”
Anna’s room had been right next to Castiel’s, and he would have been a damn liar to say that he hadn’t ever been curious enough to listen in. It had been curiosity perhaps for them both. Shortly after Cas started taking clients, Dean asked for him instead. It wasn’t Castiel’s first request from a man by that point. And after the end of the evening, Castiel had highly doubted he was Dean’s first male companion either.
He stared at the drawer longingly for a moment, then shook his head and said firmly, “A gun would just make more problems.”
Dean watched the Novak house for a second more before giving Sam a wink and heading towards Bobby’s front door with a spring in his step.
There was a glint of something in Crowley’s eye as he gave Dean a once-over that made him feel as if he were being laughed at.
Ellen smacked his arm playfully,“Well hellfire. If that’s true, why aren’t you taking to Facebook with it? Too busy with your damn Minion memes?”
Dean considered that and figured it was true enough. Take the folks at the Chicken Ranch. A lot of them were, like Cas, running from something.
Her expression reluctantly smooths. “Thanks. But I only stopped by because it was on the way home. It’s not like she was going to get any less dead tomorrow.” Meg slips a manicured hand in Cas’s. “I’d like to go home and take this uniform off.”
Sam laughs. “We were all tired of waiting for it to come out. I made enough for everyone who wanted them.”
“It's WWE in here,” Dean said, amazed. “I can see why you think you’re not interesting. Not exactly fair, this is a circus.”
"Coming in early? Staying late to finish your work? If you weren't already the head of your department, I'd think you were buttering me up for a raise."
“Sorry, Sheriff,” Lucifer said, relieved by the opportunity to get all that young passion far away from him, “It looks like the Chicken Ranch looses, 42 to 37, with 21% undecided.”
He left the cafe and was almost to his car when he heard Lisa running out after him. “What’s up, lis?”
The reality of what all had happened the day before hit Castiel like a freight train in the early hours of the morning. He had kidnapped someone. He kidnapped someone because he was afraid of being called out for lying to his family. Panic swelled and he jumped out of bed to steal downstairs and use the phone. He needed to confide in someone, needed to admit what he did, and receive safe criticism. Out of his family, Castiel only trusted Gabriel to lay things out for him. But the last person he'd want to disappoint with the truth or worry was Gabriel. He needed to call Meg.
“I know. That’s why I decided to show up today.” He looked down his glasses at Cas. “I want payback.”
After dinner, Cas took Dean upstairs to show him to their room. “You can pick where you’d like to sleep, Dean. I don’t have a preference. It’s been a long day.”
“Now I’m gonna warn you, Cas runs a tight ship. Any bad habits you’ve picked up, you better get rid of right now. You’re a fresh slate here, alright?” For the first time since they met, Sam looked fiercely serious. “Cas is like family to me.”
“Annie Wilkes. From that Steven King movie we watched with your dad and Uncle Marv. The one where she breaks the writer’s ankles.” Dean supplies.
“I haven’t seen the sheriff today. But I still have a couple of stops to make so, if I do, I’ll let him know you’re looking for him.”
Claire turns off the stove and strains the pasta. “Not sure yet. Kaia invited me over for a horror movie marathon. So, I’ll probably ditch the Novak’s and make
Sam looks at him now with naked concern, obviously not letting the night pass without asking after Cas’s “emotional well-being.” He sighs, almost disappointed with himself for not grieving more. Cas figures it was to be expected. He liked Ms. Sunder, he’s sad she’s gone, but he hadn’t spent much time with her one-on-one.
That isn’t true. They’re friends. Friends who have deep talks over the CB radio Dean spent too much money on in the office. Friends who get dinner together when Cas pulls into town. Friends who have sex and cuddle afterward. Being friends is good. It’s nice.
Lee also filled Charlie in on the history of the Chicken Ranch while he waited for a free chair at the poker table and when other customers saw she was new, they jumped in with their own comments and glowing reviews in true Gilbert style.
“I was worried too and called home,” Castiel admits. "But Jimmy told me I didn’t need to worry about it. He knew where she was and when he tried to bring her home, my ‘mate’ punched him in the nose.”
Despite her vow to be the snarkiest teen in existence, Claire's face lights up. “Really? Are you gonna do it?”
the father and yet he had jumped into that role feet first. After Ben was born, Dean had been so damn proud to be a father that Cas had almost wanted to believe that it was true.
“It’s also my job to uphold the law, Cas. If I wanted to, I could close this place down in a New York Minute!” the Sheriff shouted.
Dean took a second to compose himself before asking Bobby causally, “The Novaks still live next door?” Bobby's face softened into a smile as he glanced at Dean practically vibrating in his seat.
“The creek? No. I just pulled out of the parking lot of the church. Someone sent pictures to my phone of me. They were watching me and now I have a black van following me. What do I do?”
Castiel tilted his head for a second and then dug his hands into his maid’s apron to find a clump of the mistletoe.
“I thought Louis Vuitton made overpriced clothing and luxury items,” Cas says suddenly. “Why do they have their label printed on a condom wrapper? Is it printed on the condom?”
Crowley sat on the arm of what could only describe as a throne at center stage. In a sorrowful tone, Dean knew was as fake as his accent, he said, “I’m gonna risk demonetization on tonight’s episode to deliver the truth. I’ll receive
It was a secret goal of his to one day fuck Dean Winchester so hard his glasses fell off completely.
Chuck hasn’t looked up from the box. “He’s safe and sound; he goes to heaven and waits for Amelia. You know, the therapist your mother makes me go to says I couldn’t have known he would die a few years after I wrote the book.” He pawed at his face and patted Cas’s shoulder, huffing a little. “I mean, duh. Sometimes I wonder why I’m still paying that guy too much money for pearls of wisdom like that, then I remember my son’s actually dead. It’s not just something I wrote about to move along the plot.”
Crowley cut over their hushed voices, “Y'all, that is only part of the story. I reckon this goes deeper than just the mayor. I believe this may go all the way to the legislature!”
“I’m glad you didn’t. She’s much happier here. Most of us who fell are enjoying ourselves immensely.”
The conversation shifted to other things and people, but Dean and Cas hardly noticed, content to sit in their two-person bubble.
Dean hardly has to motion for Max to toss him the bat they kept behind the counter. He hasn’t had to use it in years but, like any good soldier would, he knows the heft of it. Knows where to put it to hurt. Where to put it to kill.
It was a link to the local news station based out of Houston. Crowley’s odd accent entered the room.
the Law. The folks at the Chicken Ranch have never been a danger to Gilbert. They see they are healthy, they follow every rule and they pay double taxes apart from their charity donations. They are upstanding citizens who are just asking to be allowed to work, same as anyone else.”
“Yeah, well. You’re the first to find that odd,” Cas said. He sounded tired and a little sad. “But now that you’re here...you’re almost too attractive.”
"Me too", he agrees and claps the light on again. "Huh. Coulda been using it a lot more." Castiel snorts. Dean reaches between his lover's legs and gently removes the plug, covering it in the cloth and setting it on the bedside table to be washed and put away in the morning.
The lights in the parking lot flickered to life. Cas blinks at the message, and then quickly pockets the phone.
“Alright,” Castiel said with a nod. “I have it on my phone. Let’s go inside and warm ourselves a bit.” he put his hand on Dean’s shoulder. They had been having a good time and Castiel thought it was the right time to clear the air completely.
But he’s not the sort of person to just let stuff go, and there was something off about the way Dean was so defensive. As they crossed the street to the store, Sam broaches the topic again.
There was a knock at the door. Dean masked up and said, "Come on in." Crowley, Funtime Noodle company's co-founder and CEO, strutted into his office in the sweet-looking dog mask Garth had given him for Christmas. That was a friendship Dean didn't think he'd ever understand.
He turned and looked at Cas, green eyes bright from the fire sparked in his soul, “I’m going to fix that now. For everyone else since I couldn’t do it for you.”
Cas is nearly out when he thinks he hears Dean say something. He doesn’t catch it and when no more comes; he wonders if he had even heard anything to start with.
“See, you had the same idea,” Sam said, smiling tightly. Eileen bumped him and told him to “lighten up”.
Dean liked the sound of that. He was starting to think, though, he’d like the sound of a colonoscopy if Cas’d be there.
Dean picks at the label of his beer and asks, “You ever consider settling down? Starting a family like Jimmy?”
“That asshole.” He considers the stack of meat in the cart and then texts to ask her, “Would you like to have dinner at our house soon?”
Dean crashes down on the bed. The memory foam sighs, welcoming him back. “You have the thick bacon?”
He grunted a little and then said, ”If I had to guess they’re probably in Baby from the last time we—dammit Cas, this is like trying to cram a hamster into a ziplock baggie.”
“Oh! Mr. Novak,” Nancy, the office secretary, says, standing. “I was just about to call down to PR. You have guests—“
As tense as he was on the drive home, seeing Cas’s cab pulled into the empty lot across from the house relaxes him instantly. It was like that lot had been open this time for that reason: to be a landing pad for an angel.
He was still holding onto some feathers when he heard the grass crunch behind him. He turned to find Dean Winchester.
Castiel chuckles, deep and warm and aroused. “If you wanted to see ‘where the magic happened’—“He’s out of bed in an instant. “I’m going to put the phone in my pocket until I’m out of the house. One moment.”
She left for a reason and Dean, remembering what that age was like under the thumb of John Winchester, wanted her to find what it was she left for.
Cas shrugs and shakes his head saying, “Not particularly.” Though, he supposes he’ll feel much more tired when the adrenaline wears off.
, like Prince or Madonna. No last name needed. I wonder why that is.” He put his hands in his pockets, looking smug. “Does the name Castiel ring any bells for anyone out there on the internet?”
There had been a moment that day when they were loading the last tree into the truck Dean borrowed from Bobby, where Cas thought he noticed Dean looking at him. Not just at him, but in his eyes, at his mouth.
“There he goes punching people again,” Bella said, turning the channel to a re-run of the bachelor. “Who knew he had such a good right hook?”
Castiel longed to touch Dean. He wanted to touch the freckle dusted skin and thick cock he'd seen in the photos he had saved on his phone.
Sam took Charlie’s suitcase from her and said, “I’d like you to meet Charlie Bradbury. She just got off the bus from Amarillo.”
When he notices, Dean blushes and slows down. Through a mouthful of left-over Chinese food he says, “Go on. I’ll be up in a minute.”
Castiel frowns, squinting in the dark to see Dean’s face. “What happened to Ms. Sunder really bothered you, didn’t it?”
“It isn’t anything fancy.” Dean said quickly, “Bobby’s doesn’t pay all that well but, I thought you could use it.”
"Floor. Back left." Cas leans off the bed to grab Dean's jeans and pulls out the small gift box with the Clacker Butt plug in it. Gingerly, he lays the toy on the bed and gets on his knees, leaning forward and on one fist like some gay superhero dropping out of the sky. He watches hungrily as Cas massages and stretches his hole for the plug. "God damn beautiful." Cas huffs a laugh.
Sam nods and stands. To his brother he says, “Might be awhile. Good night if I don’t see you before you guys hit the sack.”
Eileen just shakes her head, brown eyes shining in the fluorescent lights of the store. She messages him: “If you’re still alive after Dean finds out, I’d love to have dinner with you.”
Cas’s phone buzzes again, but instead of a WhatsApp message from Dean, it’s a text message from an unknown sender.
Cas pushes off the car with the faint curl of a smile and follows Dean to grab an armful of the things to make s’mores and a package of bottled water.
Things went well, Cas had thought. Dean came home around breakfast time and the apartment was clean and breakfast made. Cas would go off to school and give his friend a quiet apartment to rest. Dean had returned the favor with dinner, being the only Winchester alive that could cook.
“I’ll drive you home, Sam,” Cas says easily. He looks up at Meg who shifts feet, worrying her lip, and asks, “Meg, have you eaten yet? Would you like to join us?”
Cas takes a moment to admire the novelty shorts, tracing the outline of Dean's dick with the electric touch of the tip of a finger before he mutters, "Off." Dean scrambles to comply.
Nancy tops his coffee off one last time and starts toward the double doors of the kitchen with the pot.
They waved to him through the window, their eyes brimming with tears. All except for Charlie Bradbury, who finally looked up from her phone and winked before the bus pulled out of the drive.
What was it he meant by that? Nothing, of course. They were just a bunch of strung together buzzwords he adoringly referred to as the Side Step. Lucifer gave the camera one last encouraging smile and then got into the car.
“No purchase necessary,” Sam added. “He’s actually used to us bringing someone by every once in a while. Who was the last one? Kevin?”
Safely in his office, he looks down at his outfit with a frown. Flannel was an all-purpose material. Wasn’t it? He reached down and felt the seat of his good pants, feeling suddenly self-conscious.
Cas chuckles. “I don’t care much for it either if I’m being honest. The novelty wears out pretty quick.”
He seemed like a nice guy, and Sam found him easy to talk to. They could be great friends if only he wouldn’t make his brother watch the road like he does; like maybe Cas would come walking out of the witch water that bounced off the tar, or the whole road would rise up and spit Cas out like he was stepping out of the portal to some lonely, dark dimension.
“So he’s drunk, and lonely and the night’s not getting any younger. Well, usually about this time he sees campers or dumb, drunk kids out in the middle of nowhere eating s’mores and havin’ a good time and so he--``
He took a few such trips over the years between jobs, learning to do things like hustle pool and suck dick. He had a talent for both and so was never broke out on the road. In fact, whenever John would call him home, he’d go off again without a single bill in his wallet. He’d leave Sam everything he had on him, sure that he could make up for it much easier than Sam could.
to have the house to himself for a few hours to lounge around lazily and watch pornography without having to wear a headset.
He types it into google and scoffs a little at the results. If the dedication didn’t do it, the fact that there were more than a dozen poems about Cas in the book would pretty much spell out just how Dean felt about him.
Meg had started at St. Abigail’s the same year Cas had, and through the years, the two of them had become quite close. She has a brand of “thorny beauty” that he admires: a sensible woman with a razor-sharp wit and a dangerous smile.
Not overthinking, it was excellent advice. He didn’t need to do research on the mechanics, and he didn’t need to liken it to his own lackluster experiences. He hadn’t ever been a cowboy or an alien either, so what was the difference between that fantasy and this sexual one? This was
They’d harrang him about everything from the price of cow shit in El Paso to peace in the Middle East. He’d answer them, of course. He was a politician like his father before him, born with a silver tongue, and able to slither out of any conversation like a snake with a smile.
a little more explicit as well.” He rolls his eyes, remembering her lecture. “A Cowboy and an Alien aren’t the sort of characters you’d expect to have any ‘chick-flick moments’ but that doesn’t mean the two of them don’t feel deeply for each other. Some feelings run deeper than words.”
“Well, get your ass in here, Lee. Can’t have you selling those AMF’s warm, can we?” Dean asks, winking at Max.
He looked Castiel in the eye and admitted, “This is something I’ve been sitting on for years. T—There were some things that I wanted but I was too afraid to lose what I had. I was as comfortable in Gilbert as you were at the Ranch. I had a large found family in town. I had a good job and a home. And I had you.”
“I was! Before Hunter Corp, I needed a day job, Cas. Quarterly reports and office space are all new things. I kinda hate them, to be honest. Don’t even get me started on Company Parties.”
Cas gingerly sets the flower on the bed-side table and sheds his clothes, leaving them in a heap with Dean’s on the floor.
“Hey Lisa,” Suzie shouted, making her way over. “Can you believe this shit show? I’m only here for the ass kicking Dean’s gonna give this guy.”
The big black mark of Dick Roman on Charlie's immediate future was washed away in an instant. Relieved beyond measure, she laughed and gave Cas a light punch on his arm. “Dude, yes. It’s the best news I’ve had in days.”
Castiel nodded, inviting Garth and Bess inside for the impromptu Christmas party, and then took Claire upstairs to his room where it was quiet.
, to compel Dean to stay and talk to him. He wants to help if he can, or at least feel like he knows his brother again.
He was dressed smartly, the perfect image of a CEO and Castiel would be lying to say his thick-framed reading glasses over those gloriously green eyes didn’t make his knees a little weak.
He said slowly, “You didn’t show up to lunch Friday. And you weren’t answering my phone calls. I thought something happened.”
Dean frowned. “I’m doing the job my county hired me for. No one in Gilbert wants to see it shut down just because some rabble-rouser with a few Twitter followers wants clicks.”
With a sickening crack, Cas dislocates the man’s arm, causing him to cry out in fear and alarm. Cas uses the opportunity to get on top of the attacker, a man about his size wearing a black gimp mask.
She put her finger to her lips, opened the dressing room door and pushed him in. When his eyes adjusted to the bright lights, he took a quick look around. He knew where he was. This used to be the station’s wardrobe room. Dean recognized the shape of the room from the last time he had been out to the station for a public service announcement, and Jo had roped him into carrying some props for her.
There’s a smacking sound against the glass of the entrance door like someone tried to push against it instead of pulling to open it. Dean, Charlie, and Max’s heads whip around to watch Kaia throw it open with bloody hands. Dean feels his body turn to diamond, hard and sharp, “Attack and Defend”.
seeing it. Cas was much quieter now and, besides a steadying glance at Dean every so often, he seemed lost in his own thoughts.
She tosses her hair a little, opening her mouth to let out a pithy quip but then frowns suddenly like she had an unpleasant thought. She looks away, grabbing a box cutter to help Dean with the restock.
To that, Castiel pointedly said nothing. There was no boyfriend. Two years ago, sick of their meddling and pity, he told his family that he had met someone. He begged off bringing this fake boyfriend to meet them that first year by saying that the relationship was still “so new”. Showing up alone last Christmas, Castiel blamed the weather. His invisa-lover had been conveniently snowed in at a work conference and couldn't make it out to the family cabin.
Castiel was now looking everywhere but at the head of the table where Michael sat. Dean got the picture.
“What’s it about, anyway? The life and times of Mary Magdalene?” Dean jokes around another mouthful of Cas’s fries. He snaps his fingers a few times, “
He points to himself and then shakes his head as if to say, “who me? Nah! You’ve got me all wrong!” When Eileen doesn’t buy it, he gives his phone a little wave. “Let's invite Cas.”
The sluggish morning light that stains the curtains brings the clarity he was missing the night before. Inside of him was a hole. Dean’s not brave enough to think much more about it beyond the flat realization that it’s there. Like a crack in a radiator, it lets anything of value slip onto the hot pavement and evaporate away.
“We’re going to head to bed. Just wanted to see you guys got in safe,” Bobby says with one last quick pat.
“Shame. Last week we broke a station record. It might not seem like much compared to millions of views on YouTube, but I still consider it an accomplishment. Some of us,” he said smoothly, “Still appreciate cable tv.”
“That’s because Cas speaks wingnut and can get them to move on without much of a fuss. He’s also good about lying low,” Dean muttered, unable to help the bitter tint to his voice.
The result of the argument that followed was years of therapy for them both, and Chuck enlisted Naomi’s brother, Marv, to help him write a couple of volumes.
Before either of them could ring the doorbell, Castiel’s sister Hannah flung the door open and in a dark-haired blur, wrapped him tightly in her arms.
Reading the mood, Eileen yawns and stretches. “I have work tomorrow.” She turns to Sam with a flirtatious smile. “You wanted to drive me home, Sam?”
He wrenched it open and flew into the yard, Charlie watched from the doorway as Cas pulled a blond-haired man into his arms with a shout and then a short dark-haired one.
Dean hung his hands from his waistband casually, “Happy Thanksgiving, Buddy. Mind if we have a word?”
“I think I might.” He chuckled and tilted his head over his shoulder back toward the malt shop, “I’m supposed to be meeting my brother for lunch right now, but why don’t you tag along? Herrington’s has internet and we can see about finding you a place to stay…?”
?” She prompts when no one speaks. “You mean to tell me we’re having pie for breakfast this morning because Sam’s going to work for
“Couple years ago, Sam and I got snowed in at some ski lodge. It was nice. It's been a long time since I've had a quiet Christmas.” Castiel hummed. “What about you?”
It had been a great morning. Lily had asked Castiel to go into town and pick out Christmas trees for the parlor, foyer and Den. Since Castiel didn’t have a car, Dean offered to hall them.
“Do you want to go home?” Cas asks. Dean thinks, tilts his head to the side to free his mouth and speak against Cas’ neck.
Dean, God says, so affectionately that it makes Dean’s head spin and makes him want to scream at God to fuck all the way off and makes him want to run down the narrow path back to the car back to the cabin back to his bed. I thought you might be a little frustrated with Me, which is perfectly understandable considering the multitude of misguided statements people have made about Myself and My powers, not that I can fault them either because what do they have to go off, anyway, not much.
As they untangled themselves, Castiel answered his brother, “I think they must be. We haven’t run into them yet. Do you need help with anything, Gabriel?”
Dean deflects with a practiced, carefree smile. “And miss the opportunity to support a local business?”
Now that Cas made it clear he would not stay in Gilbert, Dean wanted nothing more to do with him. Castiel may have hated the way he said it, but he was right. Dean
He’s busying himself with his burger and fries when Sam asks Cas, “Are you planning on doing this till you retire? Not the trucking part, but the distance?”
Sam had laughed when Dean first mentioned the spare bedroom years ago. He just couldn’t shake the image of Dean living in some dusty cracker-jack box right outside a truck stop bar, up to his eyeballs in easy sharking targets and enjoying a nightly refreshed room of strangers eager to spend an hour or so under him.
He heard the slide of fabric as the man shifted uncomfortably, “I uh. I haven’t had the time lately, no.”
Maybe it was about time, he thought. He was just passing through those years ago, he should never have become attached. Not to Gilbert, not to the Chicken Ranch, not to Dean.
“There is loveless copulation going on in the state of Texas, and it must stop!” Crowley chirped from the television, leaving the angels stunned.
Castiel handed him the fist full of feathers, and Dean gave them a comical look. Castiel opened the wrapper to find a jewelry box, the kind you would see sitting in the cases at a department store.
After Mary died in a house fire, John wasted the rest of his life in hot pursuit of her ghost. He packed his children in the back seat of his Impala and toted them around from one dirty motel room to another looking for proof that her death meant something. Dean pretended to understand and shot where ever his father pointed. But after years of zig-zagging across the country, leaving new tragedies and violence in his wake, all Dean Winchester wanted was to hang his clothes up in a closet. He just needed to find someplace to be and set out on this last journey with the instinctive feeling that he would recognize “home” when he saw it.
When he walks into his apartment that night, Claire’s at the stove making herself and Jack some mac-n-cheese. Cas puts his keys down in the bowl by the door and calls: “I’m home. Sam sent his fries. And his love.”
“He modeled a character after you,” Sam reminds him, trying to smooth out the smirk forming on his face. “One of the main characters, too. Very popular with the fans.”
Castiel slammed something down on his vanity. “Dean, I warned you about losing your cool yesterday!” He growled.
A whistle sounds from off to their side and both men turn to look at the curb. Benny’s pulled up to the street from the wrong side of the road. “‘m not getting any younger, brother. Hey, Cas.”
Dean isn’t on the phone for more than a few minutes and when he returns, he doesn’t move to take his seat again. “Well,” he says with a hard set frown, “Meg’s right. They just put me and Benny on it.” To Meg he asks, “When was the last time she came into work?”
He walked over to his vanity and put his glass down. smoothed an eyebrow in the mirror and said, “Tell that moose brother of yours he has absolutely nothing to worry about.”
Claire ran her hands through her hair again. “I’d- I’d like to do more charity. Novak corp makes an obscene amount of money, and I’ve been investing a lot but it doesn’t feel... human?”
After his parents pull out of the church parking lot, Castiel checks his phone. He hadn’t turned his car on yet; it’s not like he had anywhere to be.
“I don’t need a tip from either of you,” she says in a proud rush, “I finally have enough for my truck!”
Once, when they were boys, Sam had borrowed a book on lesser known Catholic Saints. Dean had apparently been listening to his little brother “geek out” about the text because, a few weeks later, he had doubled over laughing when Cas’s cousin, Uriel, compared him to St. Odilia.
He got out of his car half a block away in front of Harringtons and waded through the throngs of people. Most of them had congregated in front of the gazebo in the courtyard. Crowley’s band was on top from singing his praises and putting on a show. Some folks, fans probably, clapped along and let out loud whoops. Others, who Dean knew had a tie to the Chicken Ranch, stood with their arms folded, shaking their heads.
She sniffles, stretching her smile a little wider to feel it better, “That trick slowed you down until you were, like, 9.”
Oh, Dean has plans alright. He tries to hide the blush forming high on his cheeks behind a teasing grin. “Pie Festival with my brother.”
Dean ducked his head in to see what the commotion was about and seemed completely lost when the Novak sisters burst into giggles.  He looked to Gabriel who pointed up.
Meg wiped the counter in front of her as Castiel and put a fresh coffee in front of a regular. “But isn’t that, I don’t know,
“He’s right though,” Cas said wearily, patting Jack’s arm. “But so am I.” Castiel turned out of Jack’s embrace gently, looking around for his robe. “Dean Winchester needs to grow up.”
Castiel can’t help the soft smile that slips onto his face as his earlier disappointment softens. Dean has a point. He promised him only just last night that he would do what he could to be safe. He looks at the box of books sitting in the passenger’s seat next to him and supposes he has something to do tonight, after all.
Cas checks his watch. “We don’t really have time. Besides,” He looks over to Dean and (Dean thinks) he catches this—light in them as he says “We’re going to eat later aren’t we?”
“Pie, please, Nancy.” He tells her as she puts down his coffee and Sam’s water on the dark brown laminate table.
“Nah, but he’s seen weirder shit than I have. ‘Sides I’m technically retired, even with douchebag, trucking werewolves terrorising runaway teens. Why? You tell Eileen? ”
Even while their taste in books, movies and music were nearly identical, religion wasn’t ever something he and Dean could agree on. Cas and Sam bonded early over religious texts, Sam being absolutely enthralled with the “lore” and Cas being unable to escape it growing up in a large, devoutly Catholic family. Whatever Dean knew about the subject must have come to him through academic osmosis.
Max picked up a second roll from the basket, “Says the over-eager chemist.” Castiel smiled, remembering when the rungs around Kevin’s eyes had faded and he brought Castiel the pamphlet for the University of Texas.
A pretty cheerleader with strawberry blonde hair had sat shoulder to shoulder with him on the back porch. Her name was April, and Cas only remembers that because she joked she was born in January. Cas can’t remember her face or what it was they had talked about besides her birthday, just the general impression she gave.
“Yes,” Cas confirms, “and he would know my cell phone number as well. I’ve never had a reason to have it changed.”
“Exactly. He’s been teasing his biggest expose of his career and... he’s based out of Austin. From what I’ve been reading, I think-” Sam seemed to brace himself, flinching away slightly from his brother, “
Charlie laughed, wiggling her fingers between them. “Well, Cas, I’m great with computers. I could set you up if you’d like.”
A quick glance at the steam floating off the top of the water tells Dean that the hot tub is, indeed, fixed. Just to be thorough, he flips the timer dial on the post next to it to make sure the jets come on. They do in a whoosh and sizzle of bubbles, and the eddying water lifts the steam up to Dean’s aching body.
Nancy goes to the door and lets herself into the lobby to get her breakfast. “Good morning, Mr. Winchester. Whatcha got there?”
Dean looks grateful. “’round 6. You sure you don’t want me to wake you up in a couple hours and check on you?”
Lee smirks as he towels off his hands. “Cas finally meeting your family? That’s a big step for you guys, isn’t it?”
Dean sighed, patting Castiel’s rear to let him up. He went to the bag and frowned, pulling from it a pair of lacy panties.
When Crowley entered, the audience clapped and whistled. “Thank you, fellow Texans, and welcome to the Hellhound Report. “ The audience settled in, watching raptly.
“Dean, you know how people are. You can set up speed traps and sobriety checkpoints right outside Lee’s bar. You can let a kid off the hook for spray painting a dick on the courthouse. You can even let Cas run his place. People don’t care as long as they don’t have to hear about it. Then suddenly everyone has an opinion.”
At a quarter to four, Michael called again. Meg told him to clock out and he loosened the apron strings and slipped the loop from around his neck before answering the phone. His brother asked without preamble, “Are you both on the road yet?”
It occurs to Cas suddenly where the writer’s block is coming from. He’s loath to admit it (in fact he’d take it to his grave) but Benny had inspired his image of the cowboy-turned-Ranch owner, Bill Bordeaux of
They chat for a while longer with Garth, another long-distance trucker that settled down in the area with his wife and her family. After an accident on a job a few years back, he started his own trucking company for meat and livestock. Occasionally, though, he still took the long-haul jobs when he “got that itch”.
After a pleasant walk down the block. They sat down at the counter of the diner and ordered cheeseburgers, fries, and shakes. They tasted nothing like a Harrington Baconator and Castiel found his disappointment oddly comforting.
Charlie gave him a rusty smile. “Uh, yeah. I guess I am. You know where I could find a place to crash? Or a strong internet connection?”
“Trunk. Get bandaids and—” he hesitates, searching Max’s face. Finding a friend in it, he finishes, “something silver just in case. I’ll explain later.”
Several people around him clapped. Lucifer smiled at the camera and slithered away towards his office, leaving Crowley gaping like a fish behind him.
The first woman leaned against the railing of the porch and crooked her finger a bit at Sam. “Heya Sam. Long time no see.”
At least he thinks so. He hopes. God, he’s really got to use his words, doesn’t he? By the time he got to this part, it was usually time to move again.
He listens to the quiet distant crack of the refrigerator in the kitchen and considers that, for the last few years, he may have neglected himself as a sexual entity. As a younger man, he would have been
She closed her eyes, leaning against the door frame gently. “The world doesn’t stop when things are Hard. Mothers kept having children, those children would, god willing, make it to see another empty birthday or Threadbare Christmas. Often the only thing anyone could afford to give their kids was candy.”
When Castiel opens the garden fence, he’s sitting in a comfortable lawn chair under an enormous umbrella, shirtless with sunblock smeared on his tanned skin. He has a beer in one hand, a spatula in the other, and had his legs submerged in a small kiddie pull.
He does know, it’s a smart plan. And probably one he’s had for a while now. It only takes Dean half a second to realize why Sam’s been skirting around it, too.
Dean snorts, puts his knife back in his pocket and holds out his hand for Cas to help him up. Cas pulls him into the house. Clothes come off, lights go down, Miracle dances around them as they waltz their way into the bedroom.
Instead, he shrugs and takes a more vicious bite of his hamburger, saying around a mouthful, “He told me the character dies so--”
What was worse, he kind of loved the side-step; and so did his constituents. He had made it thirty-five years in office without taking a clear stance on anything.
Castiel looked up at the ceiling, his cheeks blooming in embarrassment. Charlie would learn later that “No pimps” and “No gum” were two of Castiel’s personal rules. He was serious enough to keep one shotgun in his office and one hanging, unloaded in over the stairs for his customers to know he meant business on both counts.
Castiel and Sam return to their meal, talking occasionally about Sam and his wife Eileen’s vegetable garden or speculating where Claire had applied for college. They pointedly ignore talking anymore about the school. When they finished eating, Sam helps Cas box up their leftovers for Jack and Claire to pick through.
By that point, Cas had written quite a few short, queer romances for similar publications and had published several thrift-store quality westerns, his favorite being “Road to Perdition”: a novel about the profound bond between an outlaw and a man of the cloth.
? Castiel, what is going on? You’ve been with the man for two years now and he’s not once been able to come to
Dean got the hang of feeding himself in only a few tries and, after a bite or so, spoke up. “Two years, huh?”
The front doors of the church pop open with a bang and the Novak grandchildren spill out in a gaggle of arguing and jeering, Hannah shouting directions exasperatedly. She kisses Castiel’s face quickly, mid command, and ushers her children and husband toward their van. Anna calls after her about lunch sometime next week and rolls her eyes when Hannah makes a phone out of her fingers instead of answering. She hugs Castiel and takes her husband’s arm as they walk across the parking lot together, heads bent together, laughing, and walking in step.
After Dean thanked the Novaks for having him, he hurried outside to find his brother. Sam was listening to his messages with a very deep frown.
Dean tried to ignore the way arousal snaked its way through his body as he imagined dry, suntanned knuckles skimming his naked flesh in a tight cabin.
The bus pulled up and stopped in front of the house. Everyone crowded around Cas, hugging and kissing him and each other, waving goodbye to the house and the chickens, before clamoring into the ancient bus.
He hands Dean back his keys. “That’s a lot of guns in the back of your trunk for someone who just runs a store.”
Castiel got off the bus from Amarillo and looked at the next ticket in his hand. The bus had been loud and life on the road was becoming less and less palatable. He promptly tore it up and sat down on his suitcase.
The walk from the car to the house along the snow-shoveled drive was a short one and Castiel hardly noticed the weather. It wasn’t as cold as his apartment had been. The small forest surrounding the cabin was quiet except for the occasional snap of a twig or the sound of snow sliding off overburdened branches.  A little plume of smoke came from the chimney up ahead, mingling with the smell of the evergreens around them. For the first time that day, he really felt the Christmas spirit. He said as much to Dean, who commented that the cabin looked like “a goddamn Kinkade”.
It’s bittersweet. To watch classmates come together in a brilliant display of sorority and compassion in a time of heartbreak is inspiring, yet children were rarely so naïve by this age. It reminds Cas that, like Claire, some of these young ladies were already well acquainted with grief.
The angels were trying to stay positive. When he was around, they carried on like normal, but he could tell from a distance that their heads were bowed together quite a lot lately, murmuring to each other frantically.
“I’ve been better. You know,” Cas said tilting his head, “you could have waited until after Christmas to let me know I was out of work.”
Castiel hummed and looked down at his hands folded neatly in his lap. “I saw Lisa today. Are you still going over to her house for Thanksgiving?”
“Yeah. Look, I don’t want Sam raisin’ the alarm but he’s not answerin’ me. If he calls you back do you think you can tell him I’m okay?”
Jack comes out of his room next, fully dressed and with his school books. “You guys are up earlier than I expected,” he comments in a pleasant tone that should be outlawed before 8 am.
“Abbadon used to say that kissing is best left to the wives. It sounds bitter, but its excellent advice, really. Kissing can be an incredibly intimate gesture,” Lily said.
She put on one of the calf-length dresses. It was about a mile and a half off from her usual LARP get-up, but not at all unwelcome.
“Bribes, payoffs, Governor! Enough beating around the bush. What do you intend to do about the Novaks and Chicken Ranch?”
“Wow. I uh...how old did you say you were? Try millions of followers. And a handful of rabid fans who consider him to be their king.” Claire said, bouncing her foot nervously.“And if I’m right, this is about to get a whole lot messier than some old-fashioned whore house.”
“We heard there was a party out here and we figured we’d come and see.” He handed Cas a bottle of champagne. “I figured you could bend the rules just for once.”
“Not that I can think of,” Cas says, plainly. “I have a large family and only a small group of friends or acquaintances.”
Castiel’s eyes pop open, and he erupts into a fit of giggles. Dean strokes himself lazily to the sound of it.
Outside of the Chicken Ranch, Castiel didn’t have much of a fingerprint. At least not in the traditional sense. He had no social media to stalk, didn’t have a cellphone contract, and besides his home and the old Lincoln, he had no assets. The only thing the PI could track was Cas’s philanthropic footprint.
. He swallows hard as he considers Cas might be into more… exotic stuff. The thought of Cas in a Cowboy hat scratches at the door of his mind.
Dean pulls his chair in next to Cas until they’re touching kneecaps. He looks over at Cas with a nod of his head and a roguish smile.
In the dark, it feels like Cas had eight arms, like he was one of those bible angels. Cas pins Dean into place, gripping him like some great being and they rut against each other until they’re panting and spent.
Over the top of his creamed and sugared coffee, he can see Nancy give Sam an exasperated tilt of her head. Sam clears his throat and says, “you know Dean, houses in Joshua are dirt cheap.”
Castiel turned to see Lisa Braden standing in the office's doorway, sporting what looked like the last of a summer tan.
Castiel must have looked like he had swallowed a lemon because his brother added, “They aren’t in there. They’re talking about business in the office.”
Dean pulled explosives out of the box, tossing a few haphazardly onto the table with a sigh. "Are you gonna help me with these or not?"
“Better go before they eat him,” Dean said with a wink. He rose and bent down to kiss Castiel full on the mouth. He tasted like bacon, smelled like clean laundry and slipped him his tongue.
Dean is going to insist, but in the next moment a cacophony of gross yowling and banging metal clangs out behind him. He jumps three feet in the air, as do most of the people around the fire. Cas shakes his head when out from the signs behind them comes Gadreel and Abner, two of the older hitchhikers, laughing and fit to wet themselves.
Dean pushes it down, panting. Cas thrusts again. What he lacks in speed, he makes up for with power. He tugs a little tighter on Dean’s hair, pulling his face off the pillow and freeing his breathy grunts.
Dean probably would have laughed, if he was being honest. When he noticed Cas nervously following him to the bathroom, he thought he was about to be in for a much different encounter. He had even taken his time washing his hands,
After lunch, a skinny but friendly-looking man dressed also in uniform approached them as they were leaving the ice cream shop.
Dean laughs and uses the underside of his shirt to dry them the best he could. He tucks the shirt in and zips up his pants and the jacket underneath, the cold semen warming again on Dean’s skin as the jacket did its job.
Later that night, when the angels were doing their routine for a crowd of folks that had come laden with gifts and cards for their favorites, Dean slid in and tapped on Castiel’s shoulder.
It was something he had always thought when he looked out over the town: How the lights look like little stars. He jolts in the realization that Eileen hadn’t come up with that on her own. She was quoting
A knock at the door shakes them from their thoughts. Cas removes his hand and mumbles, “I’ll get it.”
Sam manages a weak chuckle and wipes the condensation off of the glass in front of him. Dean knows his brother wants to tell him something. He’s been shifty for a few days, working up the courage.
When he passes the bar, Jo tosses Cas a questioning look and mouths, “work?” Numb, Cas nods and Jo tosses her head back dramatically.
“Yeah. you were.” Dean said firmly. Castiel flinched. Dean pulled away a little to look at him pointedly. “From
Lately, Cas had felt the same; pie deliveries notwithstanding. Sam pulls out his wallet to pay. Cas smacks his hand and gives Jo his card instead.
“I’ll have Charlie print it up on a card for you.” Castiel said dryly. He tore his eyes from the lake and looked Dean in the eye, his blue eyes black in the fire's light. “In the spirit of honesty, I don’t see anybody anymore.”
He did his best to wave it away. “It’s the same thing I write every year. Don’t read too much into it.” They shared a companionable silence before Cas asked, “What was your best Christmas?”
“What’s he saying?” Dean demanded, rising from his chair so quickly it chattered behind him. “Is he thinking that folks who work there are being
“There are also some rules that we follow here. They may seem a bit dated, but sometimes I think that’s part of the charm.” Castiel said, “The first and most useful rule: no drinking. The last thing we need are issues of consent because of alcohol consumption.”
“And-!” Dean produces a crisp envelope with a playful flourish. “This.” He puts it face-up on top and when she sees how fancy the script is on the front, she almost drops her meal.
He takes it out of the box and clacks the balls back and forth a few times. The room erupts in laughter. “Look closer", Cas says, nudging him with his foot. Dean does so to see that the clacker toy is attached to...
Dean shook his head. “The last few years he hasn’t been home very much. He volunteers at a crisis line and well—The holidays are a hard time for people.”
Kaia’s concern melts into a cheeky smile. “Absolutely not. I am sworn to secrecy. ‘Pain of death’. Very serious stuff. Sorry, Mr. Cas.”
about that. He grit his teeth and pushed the rest of the way through the crowd to the gazebo, Garth calling out behind him.
Dean’s phone goes off on the table. He takes a sip of his beer defiantly. Sam looks at the phone. Then at Dean.
Yes. I was looking for reference materials, but I’m not going to be able to take any of this seriously.
Castiel considered the mistletoe and then held one out to Dean. “Here. I didn’t get you anything for Christmas.”
“Sure, what were you in the mood for?” Castiel asked, capping his pen and putting on his trench coat.
Now that they were 18, both boys had managed to needle Bobby into giving them work; Dean in the garage doing oil changes and Cas Sorting and cataloging Bobby’s extensive collection of monster mythos onto the computer.
“Sorry, this ain’t a Carnival cruise or somethin,” Dean says gruffly. The refraction of light off the water wiggles over his handsome features, trying to hide the insecurity behind his eyes.
Thanksgiving was actually a beloved working holiday at the Chicken Ranch. In the early morning hours, Benny came in to make a lunchtime feast. Charlie, who had been learning quite a bit from the older cook, helped by baking some of the best pies she had ever made. The Angels milled about, lending a hand and watching the Aggies vs. Longhorns college football game.
A whole lobby of people were waiting on pins and needles. Crowley was tenacious, Lucifer had to admit that. Like a barking chihuahua.
wrong about something recently.” He squeezed Dean’s hand, “I was wrong to leave like I did yesterday.”
When the sheriff called to close it down, Charlie sent out an email to Gabriel alerting him that the house would soon be for sale.
After picking up anything he doesn’t want chewed or peed on and making a list for what a dog would surely need to live there, Dean goes outside to the courtyard with a beer.
They make out in darkness, soaking in armfuls of each other and letting their arousal ebb and flow. The little house is full of gasps of pleasure, flushed skin, and beads of sweat.
When Henriksen maintains his neutral expression, Cas clears his throat and adds, “No, nothing like that. I publish all of my work under a pen name.”
"Cas", Dean begs. He used to hate how needy it sounded, like he thought he was going to die if Cas didn't dick him down right then. Even if that is what it feels like. Mercifully, Cas removes his fingers slowly.
“Sounds like you convinced him to leave peacefully, Dean, I’m proud of you,” Cas said, putting his head on Dean’s shoulder.
“Saving people, hunting things,” he enthused. “Just tell him I'll be back at the hotel before Christmas is over.”
Dean stood there for a long moment before putting his hat on and throwing the door open. Jack, Kevin Claire, and a host of Angels were crowded around the door, looking absolutely floored.
Castiel froze, suddenly aware of what it looked like they were doing on the floor. But, damn it, he was Castiel
Despite the reprobate smile, her movements are stilted and a shadow has settled over her eyes; the same eyes she had inherited from her father. It hurts Cas to look at them.
“That Hellhound guy’s setting up some kinda show in front of the courthouse.” Garth putting his hands on his hips. “I think you better come, there’s news vans and everything blocking traffic.”
“Flew him out to Vegas to hang with me for his birthday and got him blackout drunk. That kid’s a real wild man underneath that tax accountant get-up.” Gabriel turned on the car. “Now, I know they’re gonna make you retell the whole ‘the story of how you two met’ if our dad decides to grace us with his presence. I’ll enjoy listening to you both lie through your teeth more if I knew what
makes small talk. He is the chief financial officer at the first bank of Lebanon, a position gifted to him through equal parts nepotism and dedication after Naomi retired. He is one of those people who threw themselves so far into their work, they’ve forgotten there are other ways to spend time. Any hobbies he has or games he’s learned to play are merely clever excuses to spend more time pestering his clients.
It relieved Castiel to see that everyone’s eyes were dry, at least as they waited outside on the porch that last morning, and that there was an air of anticipation rather than one of mourning. Some Angels chatted, some quietly ruminating, and Charlie Bradbury glued herself to her phone.
And a little relieved. If Sam woke up in the middle of the night, screaming about ghosts or vamps or clowns, Eileen would be there.
The kid jerked like he had been electrocuted, nearly dropping the hose. “Dean? Wh-what are you doing here?”
As the Chicken Ranch shrunk in the distance, Claire sighed, stuffed and satiated. It had been a pleasant evening. Much more pleasant than a weepy Thanksgiving with Mom, Gramma, and the picture of the late James Novak they’d set on the table through dinner.
The Clerk told Cas to wait a minute, and the footsteps receded. Dean had always wished he could find someone who’s idea of a romantic weekend was a cabin in the mountains and light bondage and snorted at the irony.
A laugh bursts from Naomi, the sound of it ringing out like gold. Gabriel crowds around her to keep her rolling like a personal jester as they step into their family home.
Castiel had taken a mental health day. He had pulled the Christmas decorations out of the attic for charlie and the angels to sort through and decorate. He walked out to the yard and spent some time walking around in the garden.
Dean fumbles the spoon. It makes a god-awful clatter against his mug, the table, fork and knife before falling onto the floor. He doesn’t reach down to get it.
“No dice, Cas! I was a mechanic for years. I’ve never dropped a wrench and I’m sure as hell not gonna fumble this phone.”
The world was soundless. A big black blanket of nothing. And from that darkness, Dean heard himself say, “It would be a hell of a lot better than being a whore, wouldn’t it Cas?”
Governor Lucifer Morningstar sat down to a large breakfast and listened to the local news play in the other room. His wife had turned it on for some white noise while she made breakfast, and Lucifer had become a professional at pretending that it didn’t interest him.
Castiel patted his pocket over his wallet. “I still have a few errands to run, so I’ll be going now.”
“Yup. And he was still all shook up about whoever was on the phone because he stormed over, clothes, hair everything just a mess. And he’s got this scowl on when he asked me what I 'would like'. And I thought I’d be smooth, knock him out of his bad mood at least, and so I said, ‘You. When do you get off?’” Cas’s siblings chuckled.
Cas wants to say something, almost does, but then shakes his head and turns out the light. They hold on to each other until sleep claims them, and when Dean wakes up, he’s alone.
Cas sighs as Dean moves his attention to his neck and collarbone, hands roving over him, dry and warm. He grinds down against Cas's half-formed erection and his hands go up to Dean's shoulders for leverage. He grinds down again and Cas throws his head back with a groan.
“Hey, Cas. That was Eieyebrows,leen you heard, by the way. Sorry to call you drunk like that. I, uh—
When Dean and Cas come in through the hole in the concrete wall burdened with snacks, they’re welcomed with cheers.
Missouri chimed in, “Castiel’s always been a good boy. And He takes care of his family out there. And the house. Never once have I driven by it and hadn’t thought that it was beautiful. He must be half your business, Rufus.”
When they’re inside, Cas calls down to Jo at the desk and Dean watches him unbutton his dress shirt with the deft fingers. The overcoat and suit jacket are discarded on the bed in a heap, blue striped tie undone and hanging like a dead snake around his neck.
While the rest of the Novaks were busy congratulating the couple, Dean planted a kiss at Cas’s temple.
Dinners with Lisa and Ben were always nice. He’d help Lisa cook and throw a football around the yard with Ben.
The smell of soap had faded a little against his own normal smell and lingering puffs of bacon. Cas’s mouth ticks up in a faint smile but it quickly evaporates when he hears Dean add lowly with a wry chuckle, “’m not looking forward to sifting through what all we collected yesterday.”
Crowley wanted a response. Dean grunted as the cycle repeated itself a third time and prayed to God he sounded vaguely annoyed and not absolutely
Cas flops his head back on the headrest of the couch. “She didn’t need to. After they left, Crowley came down to
" 'm heading out," Claire says tossing her apron on an empty chair in the office instead of taking it to the hamper in the supply closet. Dean rolls his eyes and hands her an envelope from off his desk.
Suddenly Cas whipped around to face Dean and ended up spraying him with the hose. He crimped it closed and Sam could hear them now Sputter to apologize.
In a low, alluring rumble he said, “I don’t come down to the station and tell you how to handcuff someone properly.”
“I don’t blame you for that dean. I know you tried your best.” Castiel brought Dean into a gentle hug, and Dean sighed into it.
They were. Their little overtime hang outs were happening more and more often. Dean found he liked it, even when they didn’t talk, having someone there. It reminded him a lot of studying with Sam—only the food was better and his study buddy was much easier on the eyes.
Cas's laughter echoed off the walls in the bathroom and Dean thought it was the best noise he could ever get Cas to make.
The Public Relations Department had been particularly busy managing the company's social media accounts. And while Dean's work-load had increased little beyond okaying the layouts for ads, he took his time during office hours in order to justify calling Cas up to his office to "catch up on stuff" after everyone had gone home. Cas didn’t exactly have an eye for design or anything, but he could nip potential PR nightmares in the bud and, in return, Dean got him out of his cubicle in the windowless office he practically inhabited these days. Time would practically fly by and whatever task either of them had left for after work would get done hours before they finally parted.
They pulled to a stop suddenly and Dean jerked toward the dash, saved only by the safety belt and the tie. He cursed as Cas cut the motor. “Yes, well, my father thinks he’s God,” he said with a sigh. “And so named all of his sons after angels. I’ve stopped at the gas station, do you want anything?”
Claire Novak had been one of those runaway kids on a road to nowhere. Dean hadn’t known she was related to Cas until about a month after he had her settled in over at Jody’s. Cas was less than thrilled to learn that his only niece had run away from home. Dean had to spend an entire night calming him down and begging him off of calling her parents.
That’s the last they get to say to each other before Sam steps in. He’s determined to sus Cas out, asking personal questions like he’s got some kind of Cosmo questionnaire memorized.
“From just a kiss?!” Dean lunged for the hose, but Cas held it out of reach. “No! I’m not apologizing for your erection, Dean.” Sam scrunched up his face.
The second Dean Winchester pulled up to Sam’s old apartment to take him home, Sam felt off-kilter. It wasn’t until they pulled up to the house and Sam took that first hit of desert air that he realized why.
He had been heard! By who? Cas whipped around to find Dean with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. "I remember you said you were named after an angel. ‘Fraid I haven't heard of Castiel. "
Especially when he had gone through all the trouble of getting Dean to go to work; he kept fiddling with the couch cushions and wiping down counters. Sam spent all morning reassuring him:
Cas sighs. “Yes. He knows my mother. They’re ‘friends’.” Dean wants to ask what sort of ‘friends’ they were talking about, but from the way Cas looks like he’s licked a turd, Dean figures another day.
When Cas steps out of the rig, he can smell Burgers sizzling away on the grill. He smiles as his stomach gurgles in anticipation. Until he met Dean, Castiel hadn’t really thought much about what he was consuming. Food, television, sex; he just took whatever it was he was offered.
“So how about we cut the crap and get married already? I’ll sell my house, we can get a nicer apartment and we’ll just get old and ugly together?”
Sam practically vibrated in anticipation. Anything he wanted to know about his private, uncommunicative,
“It’d be weird if you weren’t. You drove all night just to make it here in time for breakfast this morning.” Dean put his hands in his pockets as they walked back past the store and across the parking lot to the Roadhouse motel, a good-sized brown building run by Ellen Harvelle and her daughter Jo.
“That’s still an accomplishment,” Cas says, taking a sip of his beer. “I wouldn’t mind reading it someday.”
Castiel can’t help the pout that settles over his face. Of course, it shifts into a little smile when Dean nudges him and tells him, “get over it, chopped liver.”
that the connection might be improper. He didn’t think he could handle Cas keeping him at arm’s length like he did Sam.
Claire thought about it. She didn’t have a very good answer. Things were working pretty well as they were.
“So, a gang of truckers?” Cas asks, arms weaving around Dean from behind. “Did you get any of their information?”
Obligatory or not, Sam had hung up the phone feeling oddly touched, even if he couldn’t envision a scenario in which he would ever need to take Dean up on his offer.
Their hands brush in the darkness. Neither reaches for the other, but they're standing so close together that the “almost” is enough.
While he does, Cas holds onto him, snaking his hands under his shirt. “I’ve missed you,” He rumbles into the nape of Dean’s neck.
Castiel scrunches his face in distaste. “I wouldn’t give my father the satisfaction. It’s bad enough I’m going to tell him about the play Saturday at dinner.”
Cas shakes his head. “No. But you know how she is when she first wakes up. Take the rest of the bacon in as a peace offering.”
Castiel said nothing, but the angels backed away from the door when they heard a familiar rustle of fabric. They bent their heads, whispering to amongst each other. With determined lights in their eyes, several of the Angels headed to their rooms to see just how much they had in savings to pull together to make it through the next two months. Others scrambled away from the door to spread the gossip to whoever had missed it.
Sam gave her a tight smile, then looked back at the road and said, “I’ve been at this a while now. Long enough to know where you’re going doesn’t have to look like where you’ve been.”
“One. You’re standing in Lanville county about a hundred miles to west of that shithole they call Austin,” he snarled.
“Yeah, we caught the Mayor slamming back a handful of Tums this morning and asked what was up. I guess the entire town’s rooting for him, apparently. And for us. I knew I liked these hicks.” Anael said with a smile and a nod of her head.
Sam winced as he tried not to look at Cas. “Uh, no, he’s not back yet from Austin. Not sure if he’ll stop by. Someone’s got to keep the lights on at the station.”
Kaia considers this for half a second before her entire face crumples in guilt. “Crap. I’m sorry, I guess I was just shocked and sent her the message without thinking. I only knew who Ms. Sunder was because Claire talked about her a lot, I should have realized that it was going to upset her.” She worries her lip and looks off down the hall, “Is she still upset?”
“Jimmy might have mentioned it,” says Cas, quietly. He looks down at his chicken breast. Chicken two nights in a row was no way to live. “I think it’s highly inappropriate.”
He chuckled sadly, “Things got so messed up after that.” he looked up at the Capitol building looming through the trees. “You were right. It was my job to protect you. I should have been doing a lot more than I had been doing for years.”
“Looks like you could use a cold shower, buddy.” Before he could think better of it, Dean pushed Crowley into the fountain.
“I’m gonna go take a look at the meat. Why don’t you hang out here with the vegetables?” Dean teases.
Cas stumbles into the kitchen at six and pours two cups of coffee. By the time he re-enters the bedroom, Dean’s sitting with his legs over the side of his bed, squinting into the void. Cas hands him a mug.
Sam shifted again and dropped his voice down to say calmly, “Dean, I know we’ve had some of those bible-thumping types sniff around here before and cause a scene, but this guy… he’s got a following. Like he does regular interviews on news outlets. If a story about peanuts in a candy bar is enough to get him on the twenty-four-hour news networks, what do you think a story about an entire town turning a blind eye to prostitution for over a hundred years is gonna do?”
Claire and Jesse retch, Kaia coos, and Abner and Gadreel make obnoxious kissing noises. Some others, hanging around for marshmallows, chuckle too. Dean’s glad no one can tell how badly he’s blushing in the firelight.  He looks away to focus on hiding a pleased smile.
He doesn’t want to read about it. He wants to hear what the voice of God, his father, has to say about the death of his brother.
Not that it was difficult to spend time together after Dean moved out. He still stayed over often, helping when the kids were young and Cas could use another hand. He picked them up from their after-school programs and made them all dinner whenever Cas felt under the weather. They all go camping, have movie nights, see each other at least twice a week, and text whenever there’s free time.
Cas pauses and hazards a brief glance at his nephew. A little more than a year from now, “alone” would be the default. He clears his throat, hoping to rid himself of the hollowness that settles into his chest.
Ms. Sunder is the other faculty member chosen to supervise the musical since she usually volunteers, anyway. She genuinely loves helping with school events, and the students love that about her. Other members of the faculty admire her unending patience. Castiel isn’t actually sure how he’s found himself pitched up against a quality educator like Ms. Sunder, but since the last time he won anything was back when
“Perfect timing, guys!” Jesse, a kid kicked to the curb by his last foster family, says. “We’re telling scary stories.”
“No, he’s not answering. I called my uncle and told him to pass along a message,” he looked at Cas seriously. “We were still going to go visit him after Christmas dinner right?”
He had been in Dean’s life (and by association Cas’s) for so long that he was, for all intents and purposes, a long-lost Winchester brother. He can’t imagine Benny being intimate with someone much in the same way he can’t imagine Sam, a father of two, having sex either.
When Sam took the trash out that night, he took out his phone and flashed it at the Impala. On the top right corner of her back side was etched the 6 letter F word.
Sam glared, “Yeah, Dean, I wonder why. I haven’t had to make myself a Mylanta Milkshake since I took the Bar exam.” He sighed, scooping the little wrappers into the wastebasket. Then, rubbing his chest, Sam muttered, “I don’t even know why I ran for mayor of this incorporated sand trap.”
When he stops into the Desert Rose on the way Elsewhere. He shakes away from that unpleasant thought and finds Cas eyeing him hungrily through the flames. Dean’s heart stutters, and he casts his eyes downward with a scoff.
It’s Kaia. She bounces in, looking to wake Claire up for their movie marathon. “It’s early. Enter at your own risk,” Cas says solemnly. Kaia rolls her smiling eyes as she kicks her flip-flops off and picks them up to take with her to Claire’s room.
Cas’s chuckle rumbles through the phone and Dean fights the urge to close his own eyes to savor it. “This is my spot, Dean.”
Dean nudged him “I think you are, Cas. And so does Gabriel. And the girl you were on the phone with earlier.”
Dean tried again, nodding his head toward the door “What do you say, Buddy? Let’s go walk off that burger.”
“I-I thought you said we weren’t exchanging gifts this year,” Castiel said, eyes wide. “I didn’t get you anything!”
Once they were squared away, they stepped out of the stall to wash their hands. Dean nudged Cas at the sink, "How's work?"
Dean nodded, and then remembering to use his words, said, “Yeah, Cas. Why do you think I picked on you so much when we were kids?”
Castiel chuckled. “Get some rest, Charlie. We’ll clean all this party mess up in the morning after everyone leaves.”
“You still have us, Cas,” Meg reminded him. “Even if we all move away tomorrow, how many letters do you still get from Jody and Donna?”
“Since Cas walked into Herrington’s ‘bout twenty years ago.” Charlie whistled. “Uh-huh.” Sam agreed, then his face crumpled, and he started nervously drumming on the steering wheel again. “We’re almost there. It's up on the left.”
Dean gets a little hot under the collar. It isn’t just a book, it’s a book of poetry. And it isn’t just a book of poetry, it’s a book with a hell of a lot of pining love poems about Cas.
They never hurt me and we had anything we could ever need.” She looks at Dean seriously, familiar blue eyes carving a slot inside him for her words. “I still got the fuck out of there the first chance I got.”
When the baby was a few weeks old, Lisa confronted Dean about taking a paternity test. He refused at first, insisting that it would change nothing, but Lisa was not a woman that was easily deterred.
But that was pleasure, and politics were business. Over the last few days, Lucifer had his staffers tabulate and re-tabulate the numbers. He’d make no statement without his numbers; the polls were as good as gospel to him.
Dean Winchester tears his gaze from the window to find the large, black eyes of Nancy Fitzgerald, the waitress at Benny’s All-Nite Diner; they twinkle as they catch the first licks of light over the horizon.
Hints of fear and discomfort distort Dean’s usual confident air like a funhouse mirror. Cas forgets his hands are wet and touches the sleeve of Dean’s work shirt, the water leaving a wet spot in the white material underneath his hand. He holds his friend there for a moment. Dean looks down as if absorbing the silent prayer Cas is making, asking God to grant his friend fortitude for the work ahead.
“They do present in human form from time to time,” Cas said thoughtfully. “I thought I saw one once. Turned out to just be Dean with a cracked radiator.”
Dean had taken it upon himself to quiz Cas. Sam was sure that it had started out as Dean trying to show off, but once Cas started taking the subject seriously, he and Dean would argue about the best way to take down whatever monster Cas was scanning into Bobby’s computer that day.
Sam reached into his pocket for his phone and then grimaced, holding it up in search of reception. “I was gonna show it to you, but the reception out here’s horrible. Which,” he pursed his lips and looked at his brother pointedly, “Is why you didn’t get any of my calls or texts.”
Dean had never been proud of the way he had reacted to Sam’s Stanford announcement. It had blindsided then, Sam dropped it on them two weeks before the semester was going to start and John had gone ballistic. They were arguing when Dean pulled up to the motel from a beer run. He tried to calm it down, send both men to their corners, and instead sent Sam barreling off at full force.
Dean wonders if Sam would settle down soon and give him nieces and nephews to spoil. He could visit soon, take Baby out, give her a nice stretch of road to eat up. He’d have to take the dog, too.
named “Cas”, but that there even is someone to begin with. He’s a little embarrassed to admit to himself that he can’t imagine Dean in a relationship with
He rose, the Novaks going quiet as Jody Mills, dressed like the local law enforcement barked, “Police, everyone hands in the air.”
He moans something unintelligible as Cas sinks his warm mouth down onto him. Going as far down as he can and nearly coming off before sinking back again.
“You don’t have to decide now or anything. Just,” She hugged him suddenly, hiding her tears. “Don’t be so sad, okay? This isn’t all bad. I found you. I didn’t know how much I needed you until I found you.”
He sighed and said, “At any rate, life seemed so much easier to get through when I didn’t have expectations.”
A bright, gummy grin spread over Castiel’s face. Which of course meant that someone was going to ruin it.
Dean gave him a lopsided grin. “Don’t know about behaving myself. But I'm not gonna go anywhere. Besides lunch today, I didn’t exactly have plans for the holiday that I couldn’t heartlessly abandon.”
“I’ll be fine, Dean.” Cas sets his alarm, places his phone on the nightstand to charge, and starts turning out the lights. “My headache should be gone by tomorrow and, in the morning, I’ll make you breakfast.”
He had been on his way to Highway 1. In all the years they spent on the road, John had never taken them down the Pacific coast. Dean got as far as the Mojave Desert before he hit a bump and the Impala overheated. He hissed when he saw the long, jagged crack in the radiator and looked out over the dry landscape lovelessly; untrained in admiring the sunbaked stretches and unable to discern the shapes on the horizon through the waves of hot air off the blacktop.
“O-oh right, so get this: Charlie upgrading the town’s tech may be a blessing or a curse depending on how you look at it.”
If he were being honest, Cas could use Dean’s company just as much tonight. Two hours of listening to amateur sleuths seem to have conjured up all sorts of boogeymen. He can hear them breathing in the shadows while he locks the doors of the auditorium. He tries to shake away their eyes, his hair standing up on the back of his neck.
“I like the work I have already, Michael.” Castiel said firmly, “Why is that so hard for you to believe?”
“Fine, don’t call him then.” She said, throwing her hands up. “It’s Valentine’s Day. It's an unattached drifter Christmas! Go to one of those biker bars. Get some hot ass. “
“It’s too bad. It would have been so much more romantic if they waited 6 years to exchange phone numbers or something.”
Before Dean could get a word in, Castiel handed him his clothes. “Thank you, Dean. For everything. This is my new favorite Christmas.”
That’s not to say he hasn’t seen Dean flirt or sneak off with some barfly when he thought no one was looking. But a
It was forty-five minutest before Castiel caught sight of Dean again. He had honestly assumed Dean left without saying goodbye.
“I don’t know, Cas,” Dean admitted. It was quiet. Charlie and the Angels strained their ears to pick up any more of the argument. It reminded Charlie of the rare moments her parents would argue. They’d go off to the kitchen and Charlie would listen out in the hallway, trying to piece together what was happening in their adult world.
Dean picked up a fry from her plate and cocked his head to one side thoughtfully. “‘Sides, Gilbert’s had a whorehouse in it for more than a hundred years! We should count the place as a state historical site if you ask me. Or one of those weird museums people can’t seem to get enough of.”
“Really?” Cas tilts his head, bemused. The series has been over for years and not once had Dean recommended them to him. It was part of the reason Cas never bothered.
Cas hums as he sits down on the loveseat across from Jack to take off his shoes. Without looking up he asks, “What about you, Claire? Are you going to either family dinner this week?”
Charlie set her laundry basket down outside the door and stepped inside. The room was a delicate pink with clean, white trim and sleek, white furniture that looked like it came off the pages of a high-end home magazine in the 80s.
Castiel chuckled and pulled back the bedsheet to show Dean that he was just teasing. Dean clapped his hands together, eyeing Castiel hungrily as if the entertainer in his bed were a slab of barbeque ribs.
Cas unkinked the hose and sprayed at Dean, making him jump back. He didn’t jump far enough though, Cas got him with the hose anyway. Dean, soaked, grabbed it from him. Without looking away from Cas, he tossed it off to the side. Cas stepped forward, pulling Dean in for a kiss by the base of his neck.
“Well, that’s good to hear,” Dean said, stepping over to the minibar to return his glass, “The mayor was worried you might be looking for an easy outrage piece to boost your viewership. What’s it called? Clickbait?”
“I gotta friend who watches but can’t say that I’ve seen an episode,” Dean admitted, scratching the back of his neck.
Cas fumbles to get the keys in the ignition starts his car and makes his way out of the parking lot. A black van starts up in the parking lot, revving its engine as Cas rolls through the stop sign. He turns right and watches as the van signals right at the stop sign. It turns to follow behind Cas at a leisurely pace.
in the state of Texas? Do we want his foul mouth around our children? For God’s sake! Play the video.”
“Yeah, well, that ‘bad publicity’ can hurt small businesses though, couldn’t it?” Dean asked. “Small businesses like the Chicken Ranch?”
, yeah,” his father agrees. “Listen, have the experience you want with the books. Read the annotations, or don’t. Skip to the end and work your way backward. Read only the even-numbered pages. Who cares, Son? Life rarely happens in order, you know?”
Dean’s voice was low and placating. “Maybe it won’t be two months. Maybe they’ll move on soon. The holidays are coming up. I’m sure Crowley will get the scent of some pervy mall Santa or something.”
just sort of held hands and made out between classes and would have gone to prom together if John hadn’t decided it was time for him to move on.
The Chicken Ranch was home now, and life here was easy and simple. She didn’t want to ruin it by dragging her dirty past in the front door.
Cas hands Dean his beer to wash the fries down, and Dean drinks it greedily, his face a blotchy red. “They had the script approved by the principal. The brothers hunt demons and ghosts and are friends with angels, aren’t they?”
They pull out of the apartment parking lot and get about as far as the stop sign before Benny frowns and asks: “Ya alright there, Cher?”
Over his potatoes without gravy, boiled Brussels sprouts and chicken breast Cas says: “That’s right. The girls at school have adapted the
He supposed the man with the round, smarmy face seated at the vanity mirror was Crowley. Dean watched him scroll through his phone with the same attention a kid would pay an anthill with a magnifying glass.
He realizes suddenly that Celeste is right. He owes it to the people who supported his work to give them what it was they were looking for. Comfort. Comfort to soothe the thousand tiny tragedies that dwelt underneath the surface of their lives: disappointed career goals, romantic failures, your children leaving you, the fear of losing the thread of who you are without them, being fiercely in love with someone who could never return it, the fear it’s broken you from wanting.
. With Sam there, Dean doesn’t think he’ll have the courage to bring the book up at all, let alone ask Cas what he thought about Anne’s speech on constancy.
Castiel watched the angels drag the Aggie footballers and cheer team to dance, debutante gowns twirling gayly behind them.
“Oh! Castiel,” Lily said, drawing his attention away from the gossip, “the decorations in the box by the tree in the Foyer were a donation from the Hotel. Do you think you can toss out the mistletoe for me?“
It took Sam dragging Cas over to Bobby’s house every day after school for a whole week of tutoring for the two of them to form some kind of truce, and over the winter holidays; they seemed to work up to a fragile friendship.
The winter air carries Dean’s voice down the street as he hands the man Miracle’s leash and says, “Thanks a lot, man.”
Just as he gets to his car and reaches into his pant pocket to pull out his keys, someone grabs him roughly from behind and slams him up against the driver’s side door. Cas grunts as the air leaves his body and gasps as it returns.
When mass ends, Castiel steps out of the church to loiter around out front, waiting to say goodbye to his kin.
So something must have happened after he left the school. Meg works in the office and knew nearly everything there was to know about St. Abigail’s.
Dean's foot started to tap. "Guys, what do you say we break for lunch and then meet back up in a bit? I'm starvin’." There was a snack waiting for him downstairs. God what was wrong with him right now? Oh yeah, he'd had a hard-on for going on half an hour already.
Before Claire can think of a witty retort, Cas steps out of the bedroom and asks her to set the table for dinner.
“Tax time,” Hannah finally admits. “Mother didn’t want to pay anyone and all of us are busy with our new project.”
Castiel made his usual stops at the bank, the hardware store and the post office in record time, even with the extra ten or fifteen minutes he spent double-checking Charlie’s cable requirements. She was going to hook a computer to the television in the den so that they could “stream” a television program after the Hellhound report aired. Castiel didn’t understand a word of it, but the Angels were particularly excited.
Mrs. Tate lives in the apartment across from him and claims that he looks just like her late husband. Cas did in fact look remarkably like a young Mr. Tate. Same blue eyes and dark hair. When he and Dean had moved into the apartment complex, Cas had nearly given her a stroke. She had only just buried the man, and here he was young again and moving a sectional sofa into the apartment across from her.
He had been going over the agenda for the Thanksgiving party with Charlie in his room when Dean came into town. The roar of the Impala was unmistakable and disconcerting. It seemed to echo through the room long after, keeping him awake for hours.
Hurt cascaded over his face as he said, “I had you in the only way I thought I could. But when you told me what you did that night at the lake, that you were proud of me, that you trusted me, that it had been just us for a while already, I felt like—maybe I
He gave the room one last look before turning to Charlie. “In return, I’d like to ask a favor of you.” His shoulders sagged tiredly, “Our last housekeeper left us a month ago when she got married. Would you consider filling in for her while you’re here? I’d pay you a wage and it would let me put off hiring another; I dislike the interview process.”
Dean huffs a laugh, inching out of his boxers and helping himself to the bottle of lube on the nightstand. He thinks to ask. “What do you use for lube down there in your basement, Cas?”
“To be fair,” said a voice from behind him. Castiel whipped around, sending his art supplies scattering in all directions, almost knocking over the coffee of the person next to him. “You didn’t really kidnap me. I could have left whenever. I’m the CEO of Hunter Corp, Cas. Come on.”
Dean's house is the first place he could call home since the one Lawrence burned down; a simple, brown two-bedroom, custom-built in the 60s or 70s (time moves slowly out in the desert though, so it was very likely that someone in Joshua had thought shag rug and off-white linoleum floors were still hip in the 90s). Dean loves every loop of carpet and every brown panel on the walls. He even loves the gross popcorn ceilings.
As he enters the apartment, he’s greeted by the sound of laughter. Claire and Kaia bounce into the hallway with their backpacks, talking about a mile a minute. She takes her house keys from the bowl and kisses his cheek. It’s something she hasn’t done since grade school. He doesn’t comment on it, not wanting to spoil the mood. Even sooner than Jack, Claire will brush the dust of Lebanon off of her. She bounces off with a quick, “bye” and a bright, excited smile and (to Castiel’s shock) a school book in her hand. Cas’s lonely ache dulls a bit with paternal love and pride, but only a bit.
Just as Castiel expected, Dean was on his porch step the next morning looking like someone had keyed the Impala.
When he finished his part of the song, Cas stood to the side with a proud, paternal smile to allow the Angels their chorus. The gown he wore winked in the light, and the black feathers on the fan he was holding behind him moved gently in the breeze of the ceiling fans overhead. He was proud of his work and proud of his home. Customers clapped and whistled at the end of the show and migrated to the parlor for entertainment.
He admits it to himself then: he’s lonely. And, it wasn’t the kind of lonely that went away with a quick fix like group sex and half a handle of whisky. He would have to find another way.
After college, the former Principal had extended him an offer for his current position at St. Abigail’s. Excited to return to Lebanon, but not excited to be returning to the Novak home as a full-fledged adult, Cas looked for apartments. He mentioned it to Dean who, with Sam off at Stanford, was also looking to move out on his own.
Dean gets up, flips the burgers, and takes back his seat. “‘Used to be?’ That got a story attached to it?”
“After a night at Lee’s, does this,” Dean flicks his hand at the space he thinks his aura is, “get any better?”
He sighed, standing. He could feel his pants slip and tugged at them absently. “So yeah, I’ll talk to him about it. But first I think I’m gonna put in a few calls and see if I can’t get this guy shut down. If I can’t, I‘ll just have to go and talk to him myself.”
Fists were one thing. Silver bats were another thing. Bullets, bullets were something else entirely. Everyone dropped what they were carrying and put their hands up.
“Dean,” Sam cuts him off. “That’s big news! Congratulations!” Nancy preens with Sam’s reaction as if it had been her own news and Dean gets the impression she had been both brother’s secret lunch-time confidants.
Chuck blinks and then lets go of his son to grab the box out of the trunk to take it to Cas’s car for him. “Kiss your mother, she didn’t sleep at all last night.”
He nodded along with whatever Sam was saying and selected another cycle from the drop-down. Cas's dark slacks tented as he imagined Dean masturbating so furiously that his glasses skewed.
Cas sips on his drink and shakes his head, eyes shining with laughter. "No, that's okay. You do it." Which is all that Dean really needs to hear before he's tearing open the wrapping paper.
It’s quiet in her office and while she’s there beside him working, it’s a long way away from the comfortable way he worked side by side with Dean.
Jack chuckled, and Claire cracked a smile. Even though she thought Dean Winchester was a loose cannon, seemed to have a soft spot for young people.
Dean put the soda on the driveway. He looked at Sam like meant to brush him off but surprised them both by saying, “I asked Cas to Prom.”
joy for me. These large corporations still think a fine or a payout is the only thing they have to worry about. Their legal teams are soft. They lack
He grunted, remembering that particularly difficult holiday. “But at least I had my home and all of you to soften the blow.”
He made a vague noise of agreement.. He was sure there were some agreeable things about matrimony. He had always thought diamond rings were pretty, for starters. And even though he wasn’t the marrying kind, Castiel secretly felt that Dean Winchester
Dean listened as the door to the junker closed quietly. When he heard Cas’s steps retreating and the whoosh of the gas station doors, he wiggled around, noticing that his body felt a little lighter, a little colder. He had left his coat behind on the table at the dinner. No coat meant no phone. He’d have to get his hands on one soon, otherwise, there would be 250 pounds of moose at the door of Cas’s family home.
Cas shakes his head. “I’m terrible at the harp. And we did away with God when we unionized. No one’s seen him in a couple of millennia. To be honest, it was a little depressing when the word came in that we had ‘fucked it all up’.” Cas kicks his feet in the water thoughtfully, “I was supposed to lead a garrison of soldiers into hell to ‘grip tight the righteous man to save him from perdition. Instead, I got assigned to babysit Thursdays.”
“I have a lot less to keep me busy, I think,” Cas said conversationally, covers pulled up around his chin.
Dean turns again to look out the window and on to the Desert Rose Truck Stop, the crown jewel of the town of Joshua, which sits along the intersection of two major highways somewhere between Barstow and Hesperia.
He had grown them when he settled into the house, imagining his mother might have liked them if she were alive. She probably would have found Dean’s surprise in the garden department funny. They aren’t actually
Hardly waiting for Claire to bring the Charger to a complete stop, Dean jumped out and strode through the gate to the house. Castiel glared at Dean and tightened his grip on the gun. Having known the man for twenty years, Dean knew Castiel was imagining letting one go in him.
Ruby leaned against the counter. “You’re giving her the whole she-bang, huh? You tell her the part about the pimps and gum?”
From what he gathered from the news, the chicken ranch was closed for business and Castiel would rather shoot a reporter than talk to them. Still, Lucifer kept his ear out for a client list. So far none had surfaced, and for that, he was grateful.
“No problem! He’s a good boy.” Miracle loads himself into the black minivan and the man in the peacoat says easily, “You know, I might have had an ulterior motive when I told you to get a dog.”
Cas knows all those old, religious stories and speaks with such authority that you would think he had been there. Dean figures his family must have been zealots or something. Until he met Dean, Cas had read nothing from the modern era besides
Claire didn’t ask what happened to Jack’s mother, the PI told her, and when he did the birthing classes made more sense.
Instead of Kentucky whisky or a beer, he’s drinking a Sarsaparilla that Claire and Kaia brought back from a concert in Calico. There are notes in his notebook again. Nothing big— no poems. He’s still grieving the end of
"Look at you," he says in an awed voice. Two fingers now hook and probe and slide through the lube that generously coats him. "Absolutely beautiful." Dean hisses as the third digit slips in, but the discomfort recedes almost immediately. "So good."
The trucker rubbed his aggressive five o’clock shadow and squinted through the glare of the pavement. “About 25 miles. Would you like me to take you?”
“I’m gonna go see the governor. He should hear Cas’s side of the story.” Dean said, “Nothing’s getting done by just standing around and talking about it.”
“You eat yet?” Dean asks, putting his hands in his pockets casually. “Let’s go grab a burger or something, I’m starving.”
?” Dean felt his blood simmer at the thought. Cas loved those guys like they were his family. Dean wouldn’t have anyone saying—
Castiel started many charities for Novak corp, including an after-school club devoted to finding proof of extraterrestrial activity.
Bobby’s house was in a quiet, mature neighborhood and each home and garden were tailored to fit who lived there. Some homes were manicured with simple statuaries and impressive flower beds while some were sweet looking with toys upended in the grass waiting for school to end. At the top of the street, Bobby pointed at his house. There was a large tree in the front that hid the massive two-story. The yard didn’t have grass but was instead covered with hard-pressed dirt. Bobby's house shared a driveway with the one next door, A large, white house with a well-kept yard and bright white fencing.
“The way he described you I wasn’t expecting—” Henriksen shakes his head. “Nevermind. It’s not important. I wanted to talk to you.”
Benny rolls his eyes as he starts the car. “At least we’ll get to be in the air conditioning today. It’s gon to be unseasonably warm.”
Well, second favorite. Even before he and Cas had made things official between them, they had maintained a habit of going to these parties, getting comfortably drunk and fucking.
“There were three people in all black. Two attacking Mr. Novak and the other driving a van,” Mr. Simms says quietly.
Dean leans against Baby. “That fuckin’ nerd’s gonna have an apple pie life. I can feel it.” He puts the bottle to his lips and snorts. “Hell, one of us Winchesters should.”
But good. He was glad. Seems like Dean was finally putting himself out there. Without Cas around to distract him, Dean could finally have the life he deserved.
“Cas?” Dean said, rousing Castiel from his own musings. “You really think Crowley really wants to run for office?”
Cas doesn’t elaborate. His words are like a freshly baked pie with a cake dome over it. What the flavor is, any hidden meaning, is completely indiscernible. It’s almost cruel for something, for
A dozen new stations parked their vans haphazardly in front of the courthouse, and half the town had left their usual posts to watch the bizarre spectacle. There were cameras and phones everywhere you looked.
Castiel nods. “I got a human job that allowed me to see how beautiful the world was. All these ‘schlubs’ are
A sandy-haired man in a tan uniform and cowboy hat got out of the car and put some change into the parking meter. He noticed her and waved, as any local official in the “friendliest town in America” might do. Charlie waved back, a little self-conscious but oddly warmed by the gesture. The man in the cowboy hat looked at her a moment longer and then crossed the street with his hands in pant pockets, the star on his chest glinting in the light.
“I knew I liked that girl.” Ruby gave Cas a curious look before pulling him into a hug. “Be careful out there alright? The rest of the world isn’t as nice as Gilbert.”
“Might as well,” she compromises easily. “Thanks for sending Jesse our way. I still gotta pay him under the table for a few more months, but he’s a hard worker.”
The corners of his mouth tilted up in a small smile, and he winked. “Of course, It’s one of those things that never change. Uniform and everything.”
Castiel nodded, left his card for Claire to pay for their meals, and stepped outside into the Texas sunshine.
“Lucifer, if the town of Gilbert had asked me to close it down, I would in a heartbeat. Cas knows that, hell it might be why he doubled Lily Sunder’s donations.”
She looked expectantly at Castiel, who suddenly remembered he had legs and the world was much larger than the space between him and Dean Winchester. He ducked his head slightly, embarrassed, and went to find Meg.
The Chief must have given Dean an earful for that one already. Henriksen squares off his notebook, picks back up the fountain pin and uncaps it. The crisp clicks muted by the odd anticipatory tension and the drone of the vending machine.
To be fair, neither had Dean. Since his Dad died and he and his brother Sam had taken over the family business, his love life had been reduced to a series of bar pickups. Cas’s story suddenly seemed much more plausible. After all, the holidays made people do desperate things and Dean supposed that went double if the family was involved. “You couldn’t have asked first?”
The Senator and Meg had been talking a while. She was much better at her job than Castiel had ever been. Sure, he had been popular at some point, but Lilly hadn’t given him the chicken ranch because of that. She knew he counted the Chicken Ranch as home. He loved it. He cared for the bees and the garden and the house, all 20 fans, and would run things with pride.
Dean lets his eyes close and threads his fingers through Cas's hair, massaging his scalp. Cas hums and the vibration puts Dean close to the edge already. On that precipice, he hears the gentle "Click-Clack” of the clacking toy, and his whole body clenches in an effort not to either laugh or come. "Cas", he says hoarsely, removing his fingers.
Meg has always felt compliments were unnecessary and preferred men to either “put up or shut up”. Castiel had “put up” once. The two of them shared a very aggressive kiss at a New Year’s party some years ago and for a few weeks after, they ordered pizza and “moved the furniture around her place”. It never went further than that. She isn’t the type of person who wanted
It had been almost two months since Sam had met Cas, but he hadn’t come back to Joshua. Despite Dean’s assurances that it isn’t the longest they’ve gone without seeing each other, Sam’s still a little worried he might be the reason Cas is keeping his distance.
Cas increased the intensity. He could practically hear that breathy groan of Dean’s as he reached down and released his growing erection.
They crossed the street to Herrington’s Ice Cream Shoppe together, Dean holding open the door as she entered. A rush of cool air hit her as the door opened and she jumped.
“Yeah Cas. He texted you right as you were passing out to let you know Mrs. Tran’d give him a ride here in the morning. He’s fine.”
“Hey, Sammy, what’s up?” Dean asks, putting the call on speaker. A din of music and laughter spills out into the quiet October night. “Where are you? Sounds loud.”
If you had asked him when he was eighteen and on his way to Stanford, what kind of life his brother would lead at 30, he’d have said that Dean would still be hunting monsters with his Dad.
Stepping into the alley was like stepping into an icebox. Little shivers of cold slide down the brick walls of the buildings and settled in the chasm between. He looked down the alley at the rigs surrounded by newly fallen snow.
“Oh, bull-logney.” Gabriel says; one grandchild perks up at the possible swear and then sinks back to their potatoes, disappointed. “You just don’t want to re-live Dean and Anna’s
“Hey!” Dean shoots back. He leans toward Cas and mutters from the side of his mouth, “Go grab us a seat, I’ll order.” Cas looks grateful, nodding once and parting with Sam. Lee could be a bit much for Cas sometimes.
“Oh! I didn’t mean to scare you,” she said giggling. “Meg told me she wanted to see you in the parlor.” She waved shyly at Dean. “Hello, Dean.”
Maybe it’s the angle of the light over the cars in the parking lot, or maybe it’s the empty house waiting for him on the other side of that sunset that causes the dull, lonely ache from earlier morning to return as a sharp pain.
Dean shrugged as Sam pocketed his phone again. “I’m gonna get Charlie out here to hook me up. She’s handled half the town. I caught Rufus watching
The fluorescent lights in the lobby of the Lebanon Police Department are unnerving and make Cas feel as though
“Folks. Castiel, Novak? While I’ve heard of him, I’ve no more contact with him than anyone else in our constituency, so what he’s really doing down there I can only guess. This affair is a blemish on that poor town. Something’s going to have to be done, and we are just the folks to do it.”
Castiel couldn’t help but be a little disappointed. They didn’t fight very often but when they did Dean had always gone out of his way to “make it up to Cas”.
Castiel held her tight. “Thank you, Claire. Let me think about it, things are ending so quickly I don’t even know how to process them.”
“This is really beautiful.” Eilleen says, looking out over at the scenery after dinner. Sam flips on the lights in the courtyard so they could all see what hole the beer was coming to.
Dean fought down a blush, and Lisa laughed at him. “Still though, can’t stop a girl from dreaming.” She patted his arm fondly “Go bust some heads, Sheriff. If anyone can make things right, it’s you.”
The pace picks up clack, clack, and Dean feels himself growing hard again. Clack, clack he groans, listening to the sound of plastic in time with Cas's attention to him.
Henriksen looks at him a moment more and then looks at his notes thoughtfully. “Dean’s mentioned you being a writer on the side. Any chance a few fans have gone Annie Wilkes?”
He could see the writing on the wall. It was only a matter of time and they could only afford to hold off selling the place for another month or so without income.
Christmas morning was a whirlwind of activity for everyone but “the love birds”. That was partially Gabriel’s doing but, after Dean’s occupation became known, the rest of the family agreed that the “important guest” should be shown a good time. They had even gone so far as to clear Dean’s breakfast plate for him. He tried to argue, but Anna booped him gently on the nose.
Cas lays the phone down on his bed next to him and assesses his work. His introduction into proper romance writing had been accidental. He had confiscated a half dozen romance novels during class time over the years, but he hadn’t ever read one himself until the romance between a babysitter and the pizza delivery man captivated the entire student body (and some of the faculty). It was almost a full week before anyone could remember Latin verb conjugation. After prying three copies out of the hands of his students, Castiel decided to see for himself what the fuss was about.
Dean watches Castiel through the smoke and fire. He’s beautiful, stooped slightly under the weight of the old tan trench coat he wore over his suit. Dean wonders if he wears the suit every time he drives, if it’s comfortable, or if he only wears it when he comes to see him.
“And even if he didn’t want to go to prom, it’s Cas. I’m sure you can think of something better to do.”
The nurse gives him a flat, unconvinced look as she gives him the old poke. “Mmhm. Well, I want you to wait fifteen minutes, but then you’re free to go. Enjoy your ‘Pie festival’, Mr. Winchester.”
The one solace he found was that Jack, Claire and Keven were going to stop later to kick off the Christmas holiday. Claire had been especially excited in her own cool way. They called often enough to check on him. Jack had reminded him twice to wear socks to bed so he wouldn’t catch a cold.
Through his (judgmental) scowl, Sam adds, “Would be a good opportunity to get to know him better.” Dean rolls his eyes. Just a week after he figured out how he felt, he started pumping Sam for info. It took him maybe two Cas-centered conversations to figure it out.
Dean couldn’t argue with that logic. So he told him, doing his best to paint Cas in the best possible light. By the time he finished, they were at the store. Gabriel whistled. “Well, thanks for sticking around for the circus, kid. Cas got really lucky.” Dean reached for the door handle but the lock whirred. Dean looked over at Gabriel questioningly and found him as fierce as an archangel.
Castiel winced. “Let me make it up to you. Why don’t we take a couple of six-packs out to the lake tonight and get drunk?”
Cas shrugs, looking down at his own mostly empty beer bottle. “I’m happy with what I have. I wouldn’t presume to ask for more.”
Every semester, Castiel donated a small fortune to the K-12 school in town for improvements. It was one of those things that the Chicken Ranch had always done and where Lily Sunder was an excellent businesswoman, Castiel fancied himself a philanthropist. He had taken Lily’s charity work and doubled it, at least.
“Yup.” Jody said. “He was a bit of a rounder. Mary had her handsful when she was alive. Now she’s stuck with him for all eternity, I’m sure.” She shook her head and drew again, “Drunk. driving. Can’t say I didn’t see it coming.”
The girl shifted in her seat. “No. Someone leaked the story he was gonna be doing, and it interested me, so I’m here.”
One afternoon while Sam was sitting by his window doing his assigned reading, he heard his brother swear down in the drive below. Sam put the book down and leaned against the screen to get a better look.
Lucifer put his hands up. “Alright, so the Chicken Ranch is a ‘pillar of morality’. What would you have me do? It’s illegal.”
Benny plops his copy of the file on his desk. “Don’t know what crawled up the Chief’s ass and died this morning.”
: A roof over his head, a job he’s good at, great friends like Charlie and Benny, His family— And Cas, his best friend for more than half his life.
Dean had considered telling Cas to think of it as an early Valentine's Day gift but decided against it. They weren't an item or anything. Just two dudes who spent their off time
“I didn’t ask you, I asked Dean. You’ll just give us the short version and I’m in the mood for a story that isn’t about ‘what a bitch my ex-wife is’,” She looked pointedly at Michael and Lucifer and then regarded Dean with a coy smile.
Ben was a good kid, set to head off to some faraway college as smart as he was, but Lisa was anxious about being an empty nester. Dean remembered how upside down it had felt sending a kid to college. He was an absolute ogre for weeks. If it weren’t for Cas he might not have had any friends left by the time Christmas break came around.
. You performing male types never appreciate a good commercial holiday. I’m not all that interested in it myself, but Fitzgerald is
“It’s Valentine's Day? I was sort of hoping to ask you out.” He gave a wry shrug. ”You left pretty quick on Christmas and I kinda stood there like an idiot.” He chucked. “Ghosts? No problem. Emotions? Deer in the headlights,” he pantomimed a deer getting hit by a car in an awkward, but truly endearing way before he put his hands back in his pockets.
Cas’s charity acumen wasn’t as impressive to the PI as it had been to Claire. He spent more time talking about Jack.
He had missed an interview at some company that morning and the older brother, Michael, treated it as though it were the end of the world. Cas, for his part, tried to tell Michael that he didn’t really want the job in the first place. To which the brother told him the job would “play to his strengths”. Cas looked like he had swallowed a golf ball. “Wouldn’t you like a simple, low-stakes, office job? You’d have the weekends off for your doodling--”
Over Thursday burgers one week, Cas had the pleasure of announcing that readers had spoken. An alien addition did indeed make a western romance “fresh”.
He heard footsteps approach the car, two sets, and Castiel’s panicked voice. “Oh! Uh!  We’re going away for a long weekend. You know...”
Jack, Claire and Kevin showed up about an hour later with ice and an ungodly amount of alcohol. Castiel didn’t know what they were going to do with it all.
They take a moment to breathe before Cas mutters, just as much as himself as to Dean, “We’ve made quite a mess.”
Nancy bounces past a family of 6 (all boys) and a few rowdy truckers as she makes her way to their table that morning. Even though she’d been up and working at this pace for hours already, Nancy looks light. Her time at Benny’s All-Nite Diner is coming to a close now that she scored a job at the police station.
“It’s quite liberating,” Cas says with a hum. “There’s a lot of work to be done on a dairy, you know. You could be out in a pasture or up in the barn by yourself for hours with no one to bother you.”
They made snow angels together in the soft, loose snow the afternoon had left them. When they stood and looked over their work, they noticed that the angels were holding hands.
But next came the DeanCas Cold War. While Cas apologized to Sam for the Molotov and made a point to ask how he was doing when they passed each other in the hallways or when taking out the trash, he pointedly ignored Dean. Dean returned the favor and the two of them bore holes in each other, making everyone around them feel sucked into their conflict.
Dean picks up the discarded items, folds them, and puts them on the dresser. It’s habitual, something he’s always done for the people in his life. By the time he finishes, Cas is off the phone and sliding out of the button-up. He puts his nice shirt where Dean had been stacking things neatly, but Dean plucks it up off the pile to fold it properly.
Sam scoffs. Though, he’s sure his brother has a point. Sam had made the mistake of getting a six-pack from the grocery store rather than just picking one up from work, and Kevin told him three separate times he was here for Sam if he “needed someone to talk to.”
“Fair enough,” Gabriel said with a wriggle of his eyebrows. “Something tells me if you’re having any fun, everyone else must all still be asleep.” Dean snorted.
It was like some kind of feedback loop. He pushes, Cas pushes, and they push each other toward the front door. Cas fumbles for the handle, hissing when he can’t find it.
They had easily fallen into a "friend with benefits'' arrangement, and Dean was quite happy with it. Cas was good company and mind-meltingly hot. If it weren't for Corona... If it weren't for Corona, one of the two of them would have been bent over the desk by now.
Crowley closed the door, and Dean’s stomach dropped. This didn’t look like it was going to be a drive-by visit. “Accommodating today, aren’t we, Squirrel?"
Dean stays up to hear the desert from his open window mix in with the sounds of the house. Miracle groans and rolls over, his collar tinkling faintly; Cas snores quietly.
like he was in any danger and was incurably curious. He felt fuzz brush against the sensitive skin on his wrists and heard the familiar clicks of handcuffs as they clamped down securely.  He was now very glad he hadn't moved. Heat pooled in his groin.
Cas cracks his eyes open slightly and late morning light bounces off his skin, splintering light in all directions. He can almost make out the fantastical figure working him over. His pulse quickens; he can feel the tingle of it on his lips. His eyes slip closed again, and he lets his head lull back onto the pillow.
Anna, first daughter and the only redhead, puts her glass down firmly on the table and exclaims, “I can’t believe anyone still reads those!”
The rumor was they had put Ash on a government watch list, but Sam thought that had nothing to do with the fireworks.
Much in the same way Naomi had done a few hours before, Mary hugs Castiel soundly when they came in through the door.
He’s Mr. Jokes today, but Sam lets it slide. Dean’s second rejection letter came in the mail earlier, and he seems almost determined to put on a show of being unaffected by it. Not that he's told anyone about it or about the first rejection letter. Charlie found it in the trash one night after they found Dean asleep on a bottle of Kentucky Whisky in his office with his radio on.
Sam shrugs and takes the empty seat across from him. “Kinda hard to burn a frozen lasagna, isn’t it?” When Dean doesn’t seem convinced, Sam scoffs and says, “No, I didn’t burn it.”
Dean texts back immediately. “Gud 2 no. C u soon.” He takes a picture of Miracle watching the sunset and sends it to Cas who, minutes later, sends back a photo of the highway.
With the rumble of her engine drowning out the blare of Metallica from her speakers, Baby carries Dean off to work and leaves the house blissfully silent. Miracle lays his head on Sam’s leg and sighs. Sam scratches behind his ears.
Cas’s eyes are glued to the car, tracking it as it heads down the street toward the office. “Please don’t turn into the garage,” he pleads under his breath.
They had barely known each other for an hour, and Sam managed what Dean still hadn’t. Jealousy and loss shred Dean’s insides, and the beloved CB in his office seems hatefully insufficient.
Dean scoffed, but he had the decency at least to blush. They weren’t wrong. Dean loved his town, but it was lucky for them that they loved Cas.
Nancy’s eyes narrow but before she can ask why it was Dean knew how expensive engagement rings were, Sam groan and scrubs his face.
All at once, his heart feels full. It reminds him of the way his pockets used to bulge with snacks and gum and an ungodly wad of small bills whenever Dean came back from wherever it was he’d disappear to. He finds himself singing along with Dean as his classic rock station switches tracks and blares John Cougar Mellencamp.
He hooked the radio back up. Dean looked at him curiously. “Aren’t you supposed to say ‘over n out?’”
Okay. Good. That was something. A small wave of relief washes over Sam. It’s short-lived against the urge to troubleshoot his brother’s relationship problems.
Sam lingers in the doorway for a moment, making Dean sit up a little in the bed. “Somethin’ on your mind, Sam?”
Most people had heard about Hunter Corp, the monster elimination company. Sam had made sure of that, now that Dad was gone. Under Sam, the company found more structure and hunters were safer working for Hunter Corp than they had ever been on their own. It was something that their dad could have benefitted from. Dean’s whole body felt stiff.
In what he could only describe as a fit of insanity, Castiel reached into the drawer under the cash register and pulled out Crowley’s old gun.
“It’s not—he doesn’t have a problem with—” There isn’t really any delicate way to put it, so Sam plows forward: “Cas doesn’t have a problem with you both being
Claire hands him a bowl of mac and climbs over the top of the couch to sit next to him. “Alright then, what are we having for dinner tomorrow, Nerd?”
Cas made the mistake of shifting in his seat. The plug brushed up against his prostate and he jerked, doubling over again. The plug pulsated with some pattern that Cas’s lust-addled brain couldn’t even begin to follow. He needed to be touched. He needed off this ride immediately. Inside his slacks, his dick wept, and Cas nearly in tears himself.
The Chicken ranch didn’t stay empty for long; It had occurred to Charlie that Gabriel Shurley the owner of The Casa Erotica, an adult film company, may want to preserve this historic sexual landmark.
Both brothers stare at him, slack-jawed, before Sam lets out a smothered chuckle. Dean throws his hands up hollering, “For the love of—Read the damn books, Cas!”
Max got off his ladder for a better look. “Oh! They’re getting out. It’s uh. Oh shit! The boys are home. And one of them brought a girl!”
Specifically, he remembers the days he thought he was the same hot shit Claire sees when she looks in a mirror.
He had places to be, damn it. It really shouldn't be that hard to decide how to handle a valentine's day promotion.
Dean shifts and Cas flinches like a wild animal about to take off. He comes forward, and for a dizzying second Dean thinks he’s going to make good on his threat to leave. Instead, he takes Dean by the lapels of his jacket and kisses him into the side of the building.
Castiel was quite good at poker. Well, not actually. Castiel had terrible luck. But he had a good poker face, and being unable to read made it easy to steal some matchsticks at least.
“What the hell do you have to be sorry for?” Dean growls. “Nick’s always been trouble. And it’s not like we can blame it on his upbringing either. Hey—” Dean puts his hands on Cas’s back, patting for him to look up at his face. His green eyes are dark in the odd lighting and his freckles stand out on his skin like they were drawn on.
When he looks back, something troubled is sitting on Cas’s brow as he gazes pensively into the fire blazing inside the oil drum. “I hadn’t slept in two days. And…” he pauses, brow dipping further, casting a shadow over his eyes, “I may have fallen asleep.”
“Cactus Cats like to have fun and they’ve figured out a way to make their own booze by slashing up cactuses in the morning and comin’ back late at night to drink from’em after they’ve gone and fermented.
Cas had practice getting into and out of his clothes, and so he slipped back into his suit with a weary sigh. The only gamble of a little sneaking around in the middle of the afternoon was that, like as not, Sam would come around with “important business”. Castiel figured that all that was was to check on Dean. There really weren’t any particularly pressing matters in the town of Gilbert.
Dean opened his mouth to say something but must have thought better of it and stumbled over himself slightly as he said, “I- uh, Let’s finish up. I saw some hockey equipment out by the pond.
Cas shrugged and after a moment of staring at his bumper said, "don't bother. I sort of like it." He pulled a knife out of his back pocket and bent down behind the car about where Sam remembered Cas’s Pride Flag sticker being.
Nancy tears her gaze from Dean to give Sam a reassuring smile. “Joshua’s a pretty small town, Mr. Winchester, and we don’t exactly have thrilling social lives. There’s nothing that brings our little Desert Rose Community together quite like a ‘will they or won’t they?’ We had a whole Facebook page for your brother and Cas. Of course, they’re pretty much old news now that they’re official.”
Jack pauses the playback and looks up sadly. “I can’t. I’m not even going to make it to Grandma and Grandpa’s. Kevin and I are studying all weekend for the AP Calculus exam.”
Dean walks back over to the store with his hands in his pockets. Max is leaning against Baby, waiting.
A bored-looking goth girl stuck her head in and told Crowley they were ready for him. He took a black cowboy hat off a hook next to the vanity and fitted it on his head.
were the one who had done something wrong. The receptionist, a sweet young woman with large eyes named Nancy, buzzes open the door to the lobby and waves him inside.
“Don’t be a baby. You’re not the one on your feet all day,” Dean says, the warm water like heaven on his aching soles. He wiggles his eyebrows suggestively, “If you wanna get naked and get in there, Cas, I’m not stoppin ya.”
He slammed his free hand down on the counter, making several patrons jump. Castiel mouthed an apology and began to shrug on his overcoat. “Michael, I’m capable of finding and maintaining my own relationships.”
Claire smirks as Dean holds out his hand for Cas to take and begins: “Bless us, Lord, for the food. Please let it nourish our bodies and
weekend. Kevin says his mom’s a ‘tiger’ or something. They’re on their way over now. Is that bacon?”
She strides over and gives him what looks a lot like a grocery list. “You think you can get me another case of the cinnamon Fabuloso? That one smells so much better than whatever the purple one’s supposed to be.”
Garth groaned, putting his hands on his belt. “Now sheriff, I know tensions are high, I can see the steam coming out of your ears. I’m sure he didn’t-”
He isn’t fooling Max, and he knows he isn’t by Max’s teasing grin. Dean isn’t sure why he tries to play it off. Max Banes and Charlie Bradbury are the store’s only full-time employees, and so they both are around when the CB radio comes to life in the office.
He cocks his head to the side and nods slowly. He thought no one knew about that first letter but him and Charlie. They hadn't even told Max.
Cas hits him square on the prostate and he gasps. Cas bends over him, biting into the meat of his shoulder as he thrusts.
Chuck shook his hand enthusiastically. His grin wasn’t much more than a nervous tick. Then his facial features smoothed unsettlingly. “Wait, Winchester? Are you related to John Winchester?”
tone, it hardly surprised the Angels when Cas conceded with a sigh, “Alright. Two months. I’ll do it.”
“I TRIED TO CALL YOU,” Cas cried. “And when I couldn’t reach you, I tried to call in for the breaking and entering, and do you know what happened? Do you know what the parting shot of the dispatcher who took my 911 call was? That we were going to hell, and that we
. Even though he has a law degree under his belt, Sam had always been interested in “Lore”. Whenever Dean needed to know if an odd occurrence in a town he passed through was one of “their things”, he knew just which kookie kid with a library card to bother.
“Sorry, Mr. Novak. I’ll let him know you’re here. Chief Henriksen said he’d like a word with you first, if that’s okay.” Cas nods, and Nancy takes her leave.
He cleared his throat but only got half the gravel out. “I think I am. You know where I could find a place to stay?”
You could hear the Aggies singing from about a mile off. “Hey!” Jack said, listening from the doorway, “They’re on key at least.”
In a surprising amount of detail, the girls share bits of the case: who the police had already interviewed, who it was they would interview on Monday, and when they should organize a vigil. Castiel watches over them as they spend their valuable practice time passing around hypotheses, bits of gossip, and tissues.
Castiel took a slow breath and listened to the trees rustle in the park. With a refreshed smile, he asked. “What are you doing in Austin?”
“Something kicked me awake. And it’s a good thing, too. Dean was practically standing in the middle of the road.”
Dean watched Castiel’s hands. His dad always said that you could tell what a man did for a living by watching the way his hands moved. Dean knew his own moved quickly, staying slightly curved in case he needed a fist. His hands were weapons. Cas’s hands moved gracefully over the utensils on the table. You could almost see ink spill from the tips like a pen over paper when they moved along the table cloth. Dean wasn’t very poetic, but the point was that Cas had good hands.
the only whorehouse in Texas, and we aren’t exactly competitive. All of my business comes from a long history of hospitality.”
A storm was rolling in front of him as he inspected the fence; something had pushed away a slat and a dead chicken in the yard middle of the yard. There were feathers everywhere. He sighed, bending down to gather them up.
He looked around gesturing to Cas's work. Whatever he was saying got covered by someone starting a lawnmower up a few houses over and the splash of the hose. It must have been a compliment though because Cas looked over everything too.
“Maybe? Hopefully.” Cas chuckles, but it seems far away and a little sad. “I’ve seen so many things," He looks at Dean meaningfully, blue eyes practically glowing in the odd light of the pool, "but there are still some things I’d like to see
Dean lifts the mug to his lips to take a sip before he adds his cream and sugar. “Wow, sounds like someone’s going to ghostwrite their way out of a tip.”
It wasn't possible or safe but it didn't stop him from wanting it, wanting emotional release as well as the sexual one.
“Well Miss Bradbury, if you’re going off to the Chicken Ranch you’re going to be well taken care of.”
Cas got back into the car. Dean might be imagining it, but the air around them seemed lighter, more relaxed. “I have something that’ll make your trip much more pleasant,” Castiel said earnestly.
He reaches down to feel the swirl of the water on the tips of his fingers. “My brother Gabriel lost a bet.”
Dean flicks Sam’s ear. “You’re spacing out. C’mon, go get your Raisin Bran and your tub of ‘I can’t believe it’s not food’.”
The phone goes dark and Dean scrambles to get out of his pants and back into the same position Cas left him. More than comfortable in his boxer shorts and undershirt, he fumbles one handedly in his nightstand drawer for the lubricant and has everything sitting pretty for when Cas reappears on screen—Breathless by triumphant.
“Way ahead of you, Sam!” Ruby shouted from the other room. She waved to Eileen, who gave her a smile.
“Castiel, might we go somewhere a little more private to argue? I feel silly doing it in the middle of the lobby.”
what a beard is.” She took him in, brown eyes assessing, and her eyebrows rose suddenly at what she saw. “Wow, they’ve really got you worked up this year, don’t they?”
Dean looks out over his yard for a moment. “Serve God?” He asks with a shrug of his shoulder. “Play your harp up in paradise?”
When he was a younger man, he had gone to the Chicken Ranch early on the nights that he would go, just to take up Cas’s time. On the rare occasion he was late and Cas was already with someone, Dean would soothe his disappointment by beating Meg at poker.
“Governor! Governor Morningstar! Crowley with the Hellhound Report and Fox News Ch 8.” He said into his microphone. “Why has the state of Texas ignored the sin festering at the Chicken Ranch for so long?”
“I just wanted to say good luck.” She said smiling. Dean did his best to return it and found he just couldn’t manage it. “What’s wrong? You guys still fighting?”
Dean doesn't know what to say. The others do and start ripping on it and begging him to let them play with it. Dean thinks they're obviously jealous but doesn't let them touch it. It's his present, damn it.
Castiel could feel the electricity in the air as it mingled in him, electrifying the heartache, releasing it a little so that he could see it for what it was. The passing proof that he was human. He loved it and let it be taken on the wind away from him.
Castiel isn’t a champion fighter. But you couldn’t tell his body that. Between wrestling in high school, Judo in college, and years of Kickboxing and Capoeira with the kids, Cas’s body helpfully provides him with the muscle memory needed to reverse the hold and flip his assailant.
The room tittered quietly and Castiel sighed. He supposed he should be thankful that people found him boring. He literally kidnapped a man today, and nobody believed it because the story involved fuzzy handcuffs. He was starting to think he could get away with murder and the consensus would be “Oh, not Castiel! He’s far too boring to kill anyone.”
He almost put the gun back but the man chose that moment to get up and head towards the bathrooms. Panic crashed into Castiel at the sight of the man's retreating form and he followed with the gun in his hand. Seconds waiting outside the bathrooms at the back of the diner felt like years but after a small eternity, the man came out.
“Dean?” Cas asks hoarsely, closing his eyes against the pain throbbing deep in his skull, “What happened? Why are you here?”
Dean reached up to grab Cas’s hand. He kissed his palm. He kissed the tips of his fingers. “Please, Cas. Don’t.”
Dean glances at their work vests, taking in the company logo and recognizing it instantly as the one Jo designed for Garth two weeks after his accident on the job in Tallahassee. Garth always said that job changed him and over exactly one hard cider, he told Dean his secret and his plans to start a company and employ “people like him”.
“So he’s probably calling with the bad news.” Bella said, swishing her sparkling water. A contemplative quiet fell over the room.
Castiel thought that was odd until he reached up and that his face was wet too. He was crying, and he hadn’t even noticed.
come out here a lot.” He propped himself up on the tree log a little and looked up into Dean’s face with a beery half-smile. “Well, after my first full week housekeeping for the Chicken Ranch, you thought we should celebrate. This was the only place in town we could go to drink the six-pack you stole from Bobby.”
“It’s a lot to take in. I don’t think I remember ever being this heartbroken.” Castiel said, looking at his hands.
When Dean opens the door to the store, he hears Miracle get up from his comfortable pillow in the office. He rounds the corner of the counter with a smile on his furry face.
“Hm? No. I have a tight budget for clothes, Dean. I’ve already hit it this month,” Cas replied. His slight smile threatened to widen at the dusting of lace panty pink at the tips of Dean’s ears.
County fairs, lamas classes at the community center, silent sponsorship for every peewee football team in Lanville county. Fuck, the Angels even had full medical, dental, and a nest egg for retirement. It was no wonder Cas was worried about a two-month loss of income; he was practically throwing the town’s money back at them.
“Well howdy, Sheriff!” Mr. Herrington said brightly. He looked at Charlie and then turned back to Dean, scolding him, “You pick up stray from the bus stop again?”
“It feels like sliding into water,” Cas says with sleepy awe as he lays down and covers himself. “And, this is
She looked over her glasses at his face and he smiled helpfully. After a moment more, she sighed and rifled through her paperwork.
Dean Winchester is a full-fledged member of the community and has taken the time to get to know his neighbors and the people he sees most often in town. He even shows up for city council meetings when he can and takes part in charity events.
Castiel was sitting in his office when he heard a knock at the door. He looked up to see Claire in a pantsuit with her hair done up in a neat bun.
Sam reads fear in the way his brother visibly bristles. Dean flings open the glass door to the store and Pat Benetar’s Barracuda bounces out into the parking lot.
While Sam was eating a sandwich on a turned-over crate next to the counter, a beautiful older woman with shoulder-length dark hair comes in looking for “the old grump.” Charlie smiles and nods over to the liquor section, where Dean is writing an order.
Charlie looked at her laptop and then at Meg, who was scowling at the bachelorette. A little text box popped up with the social media information. Meg looked at Charlie suddenly.
She noticed a little “free Wi-Fi” sticker on the glass behind the counter and smiled. 50s but with it. She could dig it.
Marie looks somewhere between thrilled and terrified for a moment before her eyes catch on his briefcase. With a sly look, she nonchalantly asks, “Have you graded the Latin homework?”
Castiel put a sandwich in his mouth and escorted his fake boyfriend to the living room. Once they were seated, Castiel fished his phone out of his breast pocket, pulled up his art website, and handed the phone to Dean who took it gingerly. He flipped through the pieces while they ate, praising Cas on his monster illustrations. He would get especially excited when there was one that he had a hunting story for. Cas could see that he really did have a passion for his work. Dean came to one and frowned “What’s this?”
She smiled softly, almost maternally down at him. “Take the night off, Castiel. I don’t like to advertise heartbreak.”
Dean had a good idea of what to expect. They invented these rituals together. Made them intricate together. Each time, Cas would ask for Dean. Not with words, but with his interest- with his touch. Dean’s already given himself; this is the room he’s purchased. But Cas asks anyway. Dean turns to him each time and nods.
“This room joins mine. It’s the quietest part of the house.” Castiel stepped inside, putting the suitcase neatly on top of the bed and fluffing a pillow.
“They do, man! Do you know how often I get asked about how you are or if you’re going to be at whatever function they’ve cooked up.”
He went to put the receiver down but heard Dean say, “Cas. Wait—The other night, I’m sorry about that too. I lost it and went off on you. I didn’t mean any of that.”
Kaia takes the bag of marshmallows from Claire before she can make herself sick by stuffing her face. Claire rolls her eyes but lets her take them away without argument. Dean points at her. “That goes double for you, Darla Dimple.”
“No, Cas, I’m serious. You didn’t show up at the fall festival last week, and I thought Bess and Suzie were going to have me drug out into the square because I said you’d be there.”
“Who? Angels?” Cas nodded and Dean sighed. “I’ve never seen one. Also, never seen a demon, so I’d consider it a wash. Nothin’ here but us chickens.” Castiel laughed.
When they got to the cabin, Castiel parked and cut the motor. If he had been alone, he’d probably stay in his car for another half hour checking his email or else just staring at the cabin. But he wasn’t alone. Dean cleared his throat. “Everything okay, Cas?”
Sam could hear the scrape of metal on metal and when he was finished, Cas stood and announced proudly, “There. Circle A makes it perfect. I’ve reclaimed it."
Dean does. He has several horror stories stowed away inside. They’re the reason his trunk holds an arsenal and why he still wears silver. He’s safe out in Joshua, but old habits took more to lie to rest than a salt-n-burn.
“Yeah. Damn it. I better get over there. Sam, do you think you could take Charlie out to the Chicken Ranch for me?”
Of course, it was a practical thing to do as well and completed a very beneficial economic cycle. If Castiel invested money into the town, the town would get more visitors. More visitors meant more customers. More customers meant more money for the town.
Castiel takes turns off the truck and takes his keys out of the ignition. Sitting proudly in the ring between a key to Gabriel’s storage locker in Boca Raton and the key to his new locker in the Barstow office was a little blue house key.
sexual and Cas seemed to think he was straight anyway. He didn’t understand why it would be a problem. Cas opened the door and Dean peaked inside. A chuckle escaped him before he could help it. “Oh, that’s why.”
Castiel snorted. They were right. He had been doing sex work for years now and had probably never met a “grown-up.” He put on his robe and sat down on his bed.
,” Cas grunted and shoulder-checked Dean, sending him scrambling over the back of the couch— “was on the football team in high school.” Castiel took advantage of the dazed look on Dean's face to steal back the phone. “They called me the ‘rogue’.”
The first thing Naomi Novak does when she opens the door of her large brick home is pull Castiel into a hug. He freezes, unsure of what to do at first and unable to remember the last time his mother had hugged him. Or any of her children, for that matter.
Cas’s plus one chair used to feature one (or both) of the Winchester brothers, but that hadn’t been the case for quite some time. Sam has his own family, and Dean’s been working Saturdays for years.
Castiel waited in the foyer to receive them in a tight-fitting evening gown in gold and silver. His corset bit into his sides; thanksgiving lunch had been maybe a bit too satisfying.
In shout that the bees at the back of the property could probably hear, Cas demanded: “Two months?!”
Sam winces as his sneakers crunch on the asphalt, getting Dean’s attention. His eyes light up and he tells the man proudly, “that’s because of my little brother’s home. He’s gonna help out at the store till he finds something on his own.”
He turns in Cas’s arms and kisses him. Cas hums as he sinks into it, grateful and greedy, sending electric tingles up and down Dean’s sides. He leans into them wholeheartedly.
Dean sat down next to Cas and put his arm around him. “Haven’t had to embarrass Sam much lately; he does that on his own.” Castiel rolled his eyes.
Desperate to put the missing pieces together before anyone noticed, Sam, shadowed Dean closely over the last two days and found himself incredibly proud of the life he had carved in Joshua. They went to Dean’s favorite diner for breakfast, the hardware store, the supermarket, they even stopped by the sheriff’s station so that Dean could introduce him to his friends Jody and Donna.
He jumps, whirling around to find his mother seated at the kitchen island in her pajamas with a glass of milk and a dime-store romance novel. He hopes it's dark enough that she can’t see the shade of scarlet he’s turning.
Sam puts his icy hands into his sweater pocket and stands to his full height. The man in the peacoat doesn’t flinch away, so Sam deflates and offers a hand to shake with a small smile.
“Your brother must have an unwavering confidence,” Cas says thoughtfully, “Either that, or he’s a sociopath.” Dean snorts and a gummy smile breaks over Cas's face.
Castiel gave them all a reassuring smile. “I think we can handle it. Besides,” he said, turning to Charlie who was the Chicken Ranch’s technological attaché, "Isn't it true these outrage things die down, eventually?”
“Suzie!” called Lisa Braeden, just to Dean’s left. He ducked behind a heavy set reporter so she wouldn’t see him.
Sternly, he says: “Text messages are not an appropriate method for communicating to a friend that someone they care for has died.”
The night they met, Claire had been passing by Lee’s on her way back to the warehouse from a trip to town and some creep was harassing her, trying to get her to go home with him. Even though Claire had turned the guy down at point-blank, he grabbed hold of her and started to drag her off. That sort of thing happens in other truck stops maybe, but not at the Desert Rose. Not while Dean Winchester had breath in his body. Dean, half-drunk off his ass, launched himself over the fence for outdoor seating to beat the guy off. Someone called the sheriffs and Dean happily traded a night in the drunk tank for a bed at Jody's for Claire.
Just as Cas went to reach into the side table drawer for supplies. There was a knock at the front door. Cas and Dean looked at each other and said in unison, “It’s Sam.”
“No?” Dean lies aloud as he types. He’s taken his phone into his room for the night. It’s still early though. Much earlier than he’s been home recently, and it feels...off.
“Cas! Cas, I can’t breathe!” Shouted the dark-haired man. The blond laughed as Cas muttered something into the top of his head Charlie thought sounded like, “good.”
After the thing with the fireworks, things got pretty ugly. For one, Cas and Dean got into an actual fistfight with Bobby and Cas’s older brother Gabriel having to pull them apart. Dean had taken exception for Cas “roping Sam into it”. Sam reminded Dean later, while he was icing his black eye with a bag of frozen peas, that Dean had tried to get him to help with the fireworks only a few minutes before Cas’s pre-emptive strike.
“I’m Dean Winchester and that over there is my brother, Sam.” He nodded his head over his shoulder to the tall boy who gave a small wave. Dean leveled Cas with a charming smile. “You look new.”
“Yeah, man.” Sam opens the beer on the table with his ring like Dean had shown him years ago. “No problem.”
Donna says part of “growing up” was letting yourself enjoy downtime. She got that from a Snapple lid, but it sounds like solid advice to him.
He addressed Chuck next and said pointedly, “Cas’s work is good. I keep begging him to dress up our training materials.”
Sam’s forehead wrinkled “Lisa? So the rumor mill’s true then? They’re saying she’s been trying to get you to—”
As they came down the stairs, Sam and Eileen were hugging Jack and Kevin at the door. Sam looked up and smiled bashfully.
Out in the courtyard, a nervous, anticipatory tension permeated the air; the Aggies jittered and shivered like virgins.
“Meg told me to tell you to check for hooks,” Castiel teased, listening to Dean mess around with things in the bathroom.
So six years later, almost to the day, Dean stocks his store and tells Max about a tapeworm infomercial he and Cas had listened to.
If they’ve had too much to drink, they’ll laugh and scream at the sky for aliens and rain for hollyhocks and desert roses. Clothes come off in a heady blur of limbs and kissing. Of gasps and puffs of cologne. Cas will come with a shout like clapping thunder.
”Try to keep your language clean, Charlie. We want to create the illusion that we’re all mild-mannered. I understand that that’s easier for some of us than others, but I would appreciate it if you made the effort.” He tossed a pointed look at Ruby, who threw her hands up and slammed the refrigerator door closed.
and had a fondness for the character their father modeled after the two of them. Their family joked that Jimmy was Chuck’s only fan. But even Jimmy had taken exception to the way the six-book ended, sending his father half a dozen letters from Afghanistan to complain about it.
Dean sighs. He wasn’t going to have time to get those flowers now. Worse, he might even get home too late to change out of his dusty clothes.
Dean had realized right after he left that he had just asked Cas to close on the eve of the biggest event of the year. That Cas still agreed meant a lot to Dean. He’d find a way to help Cas make up the difference, somehow. For now, it would be good for Cas to take this break, enjoy the holidays maybe.
She sighed, running her hands through her hair. Castiel could see now the small black smudges under her eyes and the setting creases on her forehead.
“So they don’t think I’m buying this hippy shit for myself, Sam. Appearances are everything in a small town.”
Jody looked surprised. “You know what? I think that’s the first harsh think I’ve heard you say about anyone.”
“The one with the pistol was a woman, I’m fairly sure. And thankfully Mr. Novak was able to get the mask off one of the others, so I got a good look at him.” From somewhere nearby, Benny calls Benjamin over for further questioning.
Claire jumped, swerving a little. “Jesus Christ, Kevin! Warn someone!” When she could breathe again, she asked, “why Galveston?”
Cas was sure he could get something out here. All this time and he had never mentioned it. He grits his teeth against the burn like an extra sip of the amber liquid in his glass.
“Nothing’s going right and we’re running out of time,” Hannah admits. “We didn’t have much of that to begin with either, mind you.”
Meg laughed gayly and patted the empty seat next to her at the table. To the woman she said, “If you play your cards right, you just might.”
Max shakes his head and leans a bit more on the counter by his elbows, regarding Dean pensively. “Nothin, your aura’s muddy today is all.”
Sam scoffed and colored in embarrassment, but Bobby just kind of chuckled. He looked Dean over, probably noticing how absolutely
The door of the store chimes and Dean hears Ms. Hell-on-wheels, Claire Novak, call out, “Heyo, old-timer! I’m looking for hours today.” She takes off her aviator glasses and hangs them up in her hair, blue eyes adjusting to the store lights.
He browses around for a good half hour before he finds a website that seems promising: LaCasaErotica.com.
Of course, when classes started back up, things changed again. Dean, ever the obnoxious prankster, decided it would be a great idea to pants Cas on their way to the locker rooms after gym class. Neither boy had thought much of it at the time outside of what it meant for resuming their silly little war games until the rumors started. They ranged from pinky sworn accounts of two boys having sex in the locker room, to Cas having a giant dick to Dean being a homophobe.
a Novak. I’ll admit it looks suspicious that I’ve been able to keep it hidden,” Castiel said slowly watching Dean.
His phone buzzed again suddenly. He didn't even have to look to know it was from Cas. He opened it to find a top-down photo of Cas's heavy cock as he stood in the bathroom stall.
Alicia scrambled away from the box of paper lanterns she had been inspecting and ran into the foyer, shouting up the stairs, “Castiel! Cas! Jack and Kevin are here!”
He gets that itch under his skin and pulls his phone out of his pocket to type a quick message to scratch it. Something simple. He didn’t want to worry Cas.
That much was true. Castiel chuckled, releasing some tension. Hannah shook Dean’s hand and stepped aside to let them both in.
“That’s great, man! I’m really happy for you!” Dean can hear Sam choke up so he adds, “Tell you what, call me in the morning and tell me all about it. Go have fun with your nerd friends! Drink water, take some aspirin. Don’t sleep with your shoes on.”
There wasn’t. Not really. Not anyone Sam knew. John was...well, private was the polite way to say it. He didn’t let many other people close to him or to his sons.
“What am I supposed to say? ‘Hey, I know I kidnapped you and ruined your Christmas, you wanna go out for coffee?’ No. It’s better if I just drop it.” Castiel said with no real conviction.
Castiel smiled and gave her a firm pat on the shoulder. “That’s okay, Charlie. We don’t need to blackmail anyone.”
“We are completely with in the law. As a member of the press, I have first amendment protection.” He boomed over the murmuring crowd, “The public has a right to know what’s going on out here and what kind of payoffs you’re accepting,
“Don’t mention it. Write me a list of things to get from the apartment and Benny and I will get them for you. The kids sent me theirs on the WhatsApp a little while ago.”
“Probably because Castiel was a Novak this whole time.” Bobby said with a sigh. “Can’t blame him for hiding it, though. Novak Corp didn’t exactly set out to make friends. Hell, I used to blame them for Karen’s medicine being so damn expensive. Nearly had to file for bankruptcy over those end-of-life medicines the had her on.”
Castiel’s mind settled more agreeably on a few events where Dean had crashed the party and paid Lily double so that Castiel wouldn’t have to fuck an Aggie. They’d stay in his room and play poker the whole night, lazy and naked.
Dean doesn’t move far after he pours the coffee, just a little off to the side against the counter by the stove.
He dropped his voice down to where it could barely be heard over the noise of reporters fleeing back to their cars, his European accent coming out in purring rumble, “You know, maybe I’ll pay our favorite whore a visit on my way out? I haven’t had the pleasure of introducing myself.”
“No!” Dean snaps, horrified. He stops them from entering the store. “Look, He--he likes his job, works for a good company. Retirement, dental, the works.”
give him a break, his plug sprang to life and hit him with what he hoped to god was its strongest setting. He gripped the desk, doubling over, blinking through the stars.
Cas nods and replaces his mouth with his hand. It takes half a dozen pumps, and Dean comes in an arch that lands on his chest. He wipes it away with a soft towel they keep on the side table.
Dean was vibrating out of his skin now. He wasn’t sure where to point all of this rage. In the angry loaded silence, he could hear someone crying out in the hallway.
“Good.” Dean shifted his weight to his other foot, a faint blush dusting his face and chest. “I-I know I had the reputation for being easy. But no one’s ever been as exciting as you are.”
Reporters shifted like nervous horses. They no doubt thought they could get out of paperwork because Gilbert was some backwater town. Dicks.
Back when Castiel was just the groundskeeper, Dean Winchester had become a regular at the Ranch, asking usually for a pretty redhead Anna.
“Sheriff, I’d love it if you were there for the taping. We’re doing a live show tonight. I would absolutely love an interview.”
“He kidnapped a complete stranger to take to Christmas armed with nothing but a pair of fuzzy handcuffs.”
A new batch of vultures stopped him outside of the capitol building, asking him again about the Chicken Ranch.
His secretary came in and he could barely contain his excitement. “Did Marv stop by with the numbers?”
. She hangs with a pretty wild crowd. But you’re right she’s my best friend, I’m sure she--” he paused and then searched the easy smile on Dean’s face.
That was Benny sniffing around to make sure Dean was going to be okay sifting through the evidence today. He wasn’t ready. He was a mess.
Cas glares at him. “It seems so.” Then he sighs and scrubs his face. “I ‘cracked’ almost as soon as they got me alone. I can’t win.”
Dean chuckled and said under his breath. “Fan. It keeps the flies out. Think there’s just about one in every shop out here.”
Cas looks at him, horny and confused, before his expression clears in understanding. He makes a little "Oh!" with his beautiful mouth and then nods, the ghost of a smile on his face, "Of course." He swats at Dean's rear to get him to move off his lap and position himself further onto the bed. "Can you hand me the--" Dean fishes out a bottle of lube and tosses it to him. "Where's--"
Cas looked down the road to the town of Gilbert. Everyone had been by to offer him some encouragement and comfort when he told them he was leaving. About his new apartment. About his new position. He knew how fast news traveled in the town of Gilbert.
"Where's your coat?” Castiel frowned. He realized that Dean had not been wearing his coat at all. He had set it on the chair back behind him when he took his seat at the diner. Guilt careened through him. “It's back at the diner."
When Dean’s dick is weeping pre-cum, Cas tilts Dean’s legs to turn him over. Dean’s brow furrows. Cas always preferred to face each other when they fucked. This was new. This was
“Yeah, no problem.” And, she found, it really wasn’t any trouble. Claire had made a lot of trips between Gilbert and Austin over the last few days. What was one more?
They make out sloppily, recklessly, with Dean pressed up against the door. Cas had been waiting for this, they both had, and he slips Dean out of his coat. It barely hits the ground before Cas is shaking his arms out of his signature trench coat. Damn thing makes him look like a weird mix of Colombo and Constantine, and it drives Dean wild.
A police siren wailed up the street and cut off abruptly in front of the house. The front door slammed open and boots clunked their way to the bedroom. The door slammed shut on its own and by the time it did, Sheriff Dean Winchester stood looking down at Castiel.
“What you say goes. You’re the governor. But I’ve known Castiel Novak a long time. He’s a good man. He never refuses a charity, saves the state the trouble of fixing the roads in town, and he just brought the whole town out of the dang dark ages by upgrading the internet.”
Was this all his fault? If he had asked for Cas’s number that very first night, where would they be now? He squeezes his eyes shut but can’t escape the after image of Cas reading in his bed in the middle of the day. The weight of lost time crushes him. Years pining. All because Dean doesn’t have the courage to ask for what he wants.
Ben, who was hoping to score a football scholarship to Texas A&M smirked, “That’s alright Dean, if I make the team, you’ll have a friendly face to hand you that loss.”
The audience whispered judgmentally and Dean jerked forward as if someone had struck him. He hoped to god Cas wasn’t watching this. It was already hard enough to see him when it was
“Thanks, Cas, you’re the best!” Garth adjusted his hat and leaned against the car a little to ask, “You got any place to be for Thanksgiving? Bess and I and the kids’d love to have you.”
“My phone’s been ringing off the hook and my email box is almost full. I didn’t even know that could happen.”
Ellen looks at him straight on. “-but you’ve been spending a lot more time at Lee’s these last couple weeks.”
“Good. I’m sure Sam told you I like to keep things efficient.” Charlie nodded. “I pay the rent, food, and utilities that way everyone can focus on their work. Staying here, you’ll have all of that taken care of for you as well.”
Castiel sat back down to his plate of half eaten bacon and eggs. Dean sighed into his coffee and said morosely, “Crowley’s ‘big scoop’ hit the 24 hr news networks this morning. Now the entire country’s got eyes on this place.”
“I’m thinking the Longhorns’ll never win another Thanksgiving Game,” Dean said, plating himself a yam. “I don’t know a dang thing about Football but I know
“Hey speaking of people that had no business being parents -- Is our progenitor showing up this year or am I putting the ‘world's best dad’ trophy back up in the closet?” Michael and Lucifer wore matching scowls. “Well, I could use a drink. Of course, there’s nothing in the house with you party animals around. Deano, drive me to the gas station?”
He really wouldn’t have to worry about it. The Angels had crammed the biggest mouths in the house up against his door.
“You’re good at running away!” Dean bellowed. He pinched the bridge of his nose. “Cas you run away from every goddamn thing. The Novaks, the people of Gilbert, family, friends,
“If you’re sure.” She lingers though, playing with her keys like Dean’s dropped her off at her doorstep.
“I’m not sure that means what you think it means, Dean. There isn’t anything simple about you that I can see. ”
“Just tell me the truth,” he bellows. “You’ve been quiet all night. That’s not like you.” When Dean doesn’t reply, he scoffs and looks down the alley at the rigs shining in the white light of the led street lights and the snow. Terror clutches at him and he wills Cas to look away, to stop talking.
Besides the super-powered fly fan, the inside of Herrington’s was just about as relict an establishment as you would expect to find in a town this old. It was fashioned after one of those 50s diners—
Meg flounced in to the foyer and stopped next to Castiel. He hoped she’d walk with them out to the car to buttress Cas against Dean’s odd, awkward behavior.
He took one look at the list of people in his life fans had imagined him naked with and closed the web browser immediately.
Dean damn near growled, “Listen here you son of a bitch, you have 30 seconds to round up your little posse and get the hell out of Gilbert.”
His eyes were Castiel’s favorite shade of green. He would bet that he had spent over 50 dollars that year in that exact Prisma pencil. Mr. Green-eyes smiled a bright, Colgate smile that made Castiel's knees weak and, in a light but graveled voice, politely said “excuse me”.
He hadn’t been some major sports star but being on a team helped him stay out of his shell in high school and kept him active.
“No, I don’t. Pull over.” Dean could practically see Cas trying to figure out a way to tell him to fuck off without making him angry.
He and Sam showed up early with a thermos of hot chocolate and thick wool sweaters, making Castiel laugh. He was still wearing short sleeves. The dead of winter in Texas had nothing to tell a boy from Illinois about cold.
He puts a pad of paper between them on the table and fishes around his pocket for a tape recorder. ”We were going to wait until Monday to talk to the teachers during their free period, but with you being assaulted and harassed like this, we might as well take your interview down now.”
She barely gets out, “Warehouse” before Dean’s kicked open the door and sprinting for the building. He can hear shouting and the clang of meat on metal and double-times it, not letting the stacks of abandoned signs along the wall of the warehouse slow him down.  He rounds the corner to find three or four trucker dudes kicking the shit out of a half dozen warehouse kids, a few of them in crumpled heaps next to the old metal signs.
Besides a few bruises and that cut on his neck that had already stopped bleeding, Dean didn’t have much for the medic to tend to.
“Because,” She said, throwing up her hands as the referee called a “False Start” on the Longhorns, “They’re complete animals. Whooping and yee-hawing all over the place. I’m
“Lebanon,” Cas hisses over the radio. That’s still 20 hours give or take, and he had probably spent half a day already on the road.
“I don’t want to know any of the details. What Gabriel does to amuse himself is his own business. I’m just satisfied to know it’s
Dean had heard this story a thousand times and knows that this is the moment to walk away without getting roped into ten or fifteen minutes of him going on about how haunted his bar was.
“Oh my God, Cas! What on earth happened to you!?” Lisa calls from the ambulance as she hurries to shut it off.
“I hear you loud and clear.” Dean didn’t doubt that that compact body hid some kind of deadly skill.
“Oh, he’s my type alright,” the man says candidly, “And if I thought for a minute that I had a shot, I’d have taken it.”
"No, Dean, I'd never touch your car." Cas scrambled out of the window and onto the roof of his garage. He jumped down carefully and jogged over what it was Dean was looking at.
the women, but not always) subtly compete over minor distinctions such as smartest students, highest class averages on benchmark exams and, amongst the more progressive teachers, sweetest couples.
“A little heartbreak now and again gives us mystique,” She said, waving him off. “Rest up tonight, I’ll have Meg come up with some warm apple cider.”
She looked up at Castiel. “I want you to come work for me. I want you to show me how to make a better company for my employees and where to put our money to make good use of it.”
Dean nods. He’s still absolutely terrified. Even the explicit love of a good man won’t change that overnight. He hates the distance between them. The distance that will grow for the next few weeks would eat at him.
Sam nearly dropped the trash bag. His heart hammered away in his chest and he nearly forgot to breathe until he saw, etched carefully by Dean just above the slur, the word "HALF" with two large Bisexual Pride Stickers flanking either side.
“This isn’t really any different from the things we’ve done before. It’s just quicker and louder. But we might be able to use that to our advantage. For now, we just have to stay calm and keep an even temper,” Castiel concluded in a calm, rumbling tone.
Castiel thought morosely, sitting down on the bed and pulling a throw blanket over him to keep warm.  He really needed someone to check on him when he was working. Everything but work would slip away and he found himself miserable when the work was over and he had weeks of personal neglect to make up for. It only took a week of laundry to make him beg his agent for more work. He could easily see why his father, a writer, was constantly working himself. In Castiel's opinion though, his father had more to make up for than a few missed showers or meals.
if that’s alright. We’re also going to set up some surveillance on your apartment. It’s my professional suggestion that, with everything going on, you and your family relocate for a few days.”
She stopped Dean in the foyer to say, “Good night Dean, tell your Uncle Bobby I said Merry Christmas and thank him for the gift. It was very thoughtful.”
"Yeah well, I'm batting 100 today too. When you started with all that, Crowley had just come into the office." Dean said flicking water at him. Cas snorted. "Yeah yeah, yuck it up. On top of that, after lunch, I have to figure out how I'm going to explain my recent project proposal."
“Cas?” Dean called from the doorway, his face pinched in irritation. Cas winced. He’d have to make it up to Dean some other time. Maybe plan a date. Do something unhurried and uninterrupted.
