Ten minutes later and there was a huge steaming mountain of spaghetti bolognese, Angelo always gave them almighty portions, sitting in front of John. John dove straight in and ate a huge forkful.
"I imagine you're right", replied Mycroft, "but anyway, luckily for the witch that it wasn't you in the cage. You're so horribly skinny. She'd have a damn hard time fattening you up." Sherlock shuddered again at that word: "fattening". The way Mycroft's rich voice had stressed these syllables and how his pudgy fingers had stroked Sherlock's prominent ribs as he'd said it. Sherlock felt strange and tingly. His fragile little hands hugged Mycroft's girth harder. Many a night after Sherlock would be plagued with strange dreams of being trapped and force-fed by evil grown ups, however these dreams were not always unpleasant.
Mycroft crouched down and moved one hand over Sherlock's trouser clad crotch, gently feeling his semi-erect length. The other he snaked under the younger man's jacket and pushed against his side. Sherlock's heart began to beat faster.
"It is most appreciated Mr. Holmes, I shall stop by again then tomorrow, I hope you will feel more like yourself by then. Goodbye."
He had arrived; Sherlock bound across the pavement and burst unceremoniously in to the elder Holmes' living room.
Sherlock felt most intrigued on the cab ride over and also a little nervous. What on earth could Mycroft wish to discuss about John, and why at his place? It had been a long time since Mycroft had invited him over to his home. The last time had involved a naked Sherlock and the working out of some shared urges. Sherlock had needs, as his brother did, and often they could only find comfort in the intellect and body of the other. It was far safer than prostitutes and requiring much less effort than a normal relationship.
The detective hadn’t bothered to dress today and was wearing boxers and his purple fluffy dressing gown and nothing else (It’s not purple John, it’s maroon). John could clearly see the younger man’s bony chest and protruding clavicles.
"Oh god", moaned John, leaning back and cradling his tight and bloated abdomen, "why do you let me do this to myself Sherlock?"
"You really are so exceedingly slight and malnourished Sherlock, I almost doubt that you're going to make it through the winter. I should surely fill up this tiny belly, fill it to the brim, cram you so full of food until you feel like you're going to explode. It'd be for your own good."
He let out a small, shocked squeal. Grinning, I made a mental memo: "apply pressure to Holmes' rear more often".
But until then, I'm happy that the one who; I will swear, was made for me, returns what I feel. I do not care if it is unnatural, to us; it is the most natural thing in the world.
"You being all mysterious with your cheekbones", John had told him. Sherlock had felt a swell of pleasure at these words, one that even reached his groin, causing it to twitch in response.
He decided to meet my evaluative stare for a moment, and then looked away, his face an emotionless mask.
The younger man moaned and writhed in to the leather as his trousers and pants joined his other clothes in a heap on the floor. He was completely naked now, the dark fabric of the sofa a beautiful contrast to his alabaster skin.
It had been an unbearably long time since I had felt that lean yet powerful body quiver beneath my own much broader frame, to make him moan and clutch as I ravaged him senseless. I could easily take advantage of him if I wanted, physically I was much stronger, it was just that mentally he was so dominant and masterful.
"You are so very thin though Sherlock, I do worry about you sometimes" said John, reaching across the table and laying his broad fingers over Sherlock's narrow wrist, gently stroking the prominent nub of bone. Sherlock felt a jolt of sensation run through him at his touch.
I knew the perfect time, just when he was about to put on his special, "explanation voice". This would stop him in his tracks, and teach him a lesson, insufferable man…
Seeing that he had regained the power of speech, I quickly endeavoured to silence him, planting hard, brutal kisses along his well-defined jaw. I didn't want to talk. I didn't want to think. I didn't want all of this to end.
When Sherlock's narrow torso was bare Mycroft pushed him down on the sofa and began removing his trousers.
Sherlock reached forward reverently, like a child being handed a precious toy. He took John’s plush stomach in his hands and gently stroked it, patted it, wobbled it.
Once it had been established that our feelings were mutual, it was no longer I who would be the first to act and he resumed his place, as he had always been, as the master…
The younger man did not need telling twice. Coating his fingers in the oil Mycroft inserted one finger in to the tight little entrance in front of him. Sherlock's ivory flesh was cool to the touch, no doubt due to his lack of insulation, but inside he was delectably warm. Soon another finger was added, then another, stretching and preparing. Until at last...he was ready. Mycroft positioned himself and slowly entered. The two brothers moaned in unison as Mycroft's cock was swallowed by Sherlock's narrow passage. Sherlock loved the feel of his brother's tubby stomach against his arse. Mycroft adored the touch of Sherlock's pert and barely-there butt cheeks, which he couldn't resist giving a quick squeeze. Gently thrusting he traced his hands from Sherlock's broad but bony shoulders, along his emaciated back with the all too pointy vertebrae, back down to his gorgeously narrow waist, which he squeezed hard.
"No, no John please continue. As I said, I'm on a case, you know that I don't eat whilst on cases", replied Sherlock with an elegant and dismissive flick of his bony hand.
To this very day, I still have no idea quite what came over me, what made me decide to risk throwing away all I had, to finally succumb to the demons that I'd tried so hard to imprison; yet before I knew what I was doing I had left the sofa, and my fears, behind me and was standing over Holmes's desk. He looked up at me.
"There you are." Said the sleuth, "Now, I have something for you." He walked comfortably over and produced a golden brooch from one of the desk drawers and then sat, steepling his fingers, leaning across calmly as he awaited her reaction.
In later life "fatten" still held power over him. It was what John wanted to do to him, it was what Mrs Hudson wanted to do him, it was what Mycroft wanted to do to him. It was something that he had to be stronger than, to rise above. As for Sherlock the idea of gaining weight was both repulsive and fascinating. Even as an adult he could not imagine what it could feel like. Sure, his weight would maybe fluctuate by a pound or two depending on what cases he was working on and how active he was, but nothing drastic; nothing that anyone other than himself could possibly notice. It would normally be a slight change to the visibility of his ribs, or whether his stomach was concave or flat, and nothing more.
His late teens and early twenties were difficult. That was when he discovered cocaine at university, that way he didn't need food at all. But one too many days where he looked like a walking skeleton, those cheekbones threatening to slice open his skin at any moment, and a few too many trips to the hospital after having collapsed put an end to that. Sherlock learned that for his own health, and for that of his family, eating now and again probably wasn't too bad of an idea.
My own soon followed. Filling him with my essence. I bit his shoulder to steady myself against the flood, tasting the salty lacquer of his sweat. A magical relief from the imprisoned heat, next I, utterly exhausted, fell upon the bed beside him.
John, wonderful John; the most important person in his life. With John, Sherlock had slowly found that he loved the way that the other man ate. Sherlock adored watching him. The reckless abandon, his pure appreciation of food, no doubt born of long days in Afghanistan surviving on rations. He ate with a gusto that Sherlock himself could never hope to recreate.
"Look at you", he growled, his tongue trailing a hot path down Sherlock's impossibly flat stomach, "you're positively skin and bone. But you're so delicious looking that I could just gobble you all up, but there's so little of you I know that I'd still be famished after."
They continued like this for some weeks, comfortable with their newfound kink and excited to explore.
Gently removing his trousers I planted softer kisses on to his chest and wondrously flat stomach. His flushed face, ruffled hair and apprehensive expression where so unlike the Sherlock I knew.
The meeting was further punctuated by the doctor's cries of discomfort as Holmes skillfully played his friend's manhood like a badly tuned piano, that is until the aforementioned map was taken away, which then after Dr. Watson seemed to magically recover.
“I know you do Sherlock and a little feeding session isn’t going to change that, but please could we try just for me.”
"Yes. Quite. Well, do call around again whenever you are available and I shall explain everything you wish to know in full."
“That’s it. I’ve had enough. I’m going on a diet.” growled John, storming out of the bathroom after the reading on the newly bought scales was not to his liking.
"Oh Mr Holmes", said Angelo, laying a meaty hand down on Sherlock's gaunt shoulder, "you be careful, yes? You turn sideways, I can't see you no more."
"W…W...Watson!" He cried again. I nipped at his earlobe and then whispered commandingly in to his ear,
He was perfect. A true work of art, surely he must have been heaven sent. He was striking enough in clothes, out of them he was simply stunning. Smooth, like the purest white marble; blotched only where my love bites where purpling nicely. His dark hair was a gorgeous contrast to that snow like skin, and so elegant! A strange mixture of feminine beauty merged with the sharp angles that are granted to the male portion of our race. I swear that there was not one ounce of superfluous flesh on his body, he was all legs, eyes and taught muscle. I hungrily roved my eyes over him, taking in every willowy curve; preparing myself to pounce; ready to ravage him…until I met his eyes.
Sherlock’s frown transformed in to a manic grin. He began to shovel the noodles in to his mouth as fast as he could.
"Well Sherlock," said Mycroft gently, "I imagine that John has no idea how you feel and for most people gaining weight is rather an unpleasant business, especially for someone like John who is used to being fit and active. What with the remarks that others have no doubt been making, not to mention your track record of commenting and criticising the weight of others, I'm sure that John is wholly convinced that you find him very unattractive right now."
45minutes later, John had practically demolished the huge order of food and was allowing himself to sink in to the sofa.
Sherlock had always been thin, very thin. It ranged between drastically underweight and painfully skinny.
"Yes, yes, he's fine. This happens all the time. Doesn't it old chap?" Holmes turned and grinned once more.
"It was no problem at all my dear, I – " the detective broke off with a small grunt as he felt a hand clasp itself most firmly about his length. Shock left him motionless for a few moments, until painful yet strangely pleasurable tingles began to consume him. But with an uneasy cough, he remembered his situation and arranged his features in to a more composed, if somewhat pained looking, expression. Warily he continued,
This wouldn’t do, John thought. He was determined to get some food in to Sherlock. And what’s more, he was determined to make it fun and sexy for the both of them. A plan began to form in his mind…he would just have to buy some supplies tomorrow.
The whole day Sherlock stressed, and paced, and watched the clock, and drank endless cups of Earl Grey, and applied two nicotine patches (this whole messy situation was definitely a two patch problem), and waited, and considered even asking Mycroft for advice and of course didn’t eat. He needed it to be time for John to come home. He needed to make things right.
"Oh hoh, he's quite alright," beamed Holmes, "he just has an old war wound that plays up from time to time. Isn't that right Doctor?"
The younger man’s expression turned ashen. John quickly reached forward to cup his face reassuringly.
"Positive. You are a rather lovely looking creature Sherlock, do you not realise this? No doubt most people you come in to contact with find you highly desirable."
"As witty as ever! But I deserved that one…Sherlock." It felt odd; but not in the slightest disagreeable to call him by his fore name.
"Or", his voice took on a louder tone, "would you prefer to stuff me until I can take no more, like you have John, to see my stomach swell, new layers of fat appear as I grow and expand. To revel in my plumpness which would only accentuate your slenderness. Hmm?"
“I know,” said Sherlock, his deep voice rich and seductive, “but you’ve done so well, you’re nearly there. Come on, just two more forkfuls.”
It was strangely like that fateful day, our positions slightly reversed, me at the desk, and he on the chair.
I'm sure the smile I smiled must have nearly split my face in two, as I saw two pairs of feet walk towards me, and even more so as a pair of long, black trousered legs extended their way towards my location…
Hitching his legs over my shoulders, I leant on the mattress and began to prepare him. Tipping a generous amount of the cool lotion on to my hand I massaged it in to him, feeling myself hardening in anticipation.
He drank in the detective’s miniscule frame. The couch cushions almost appeared to be swallowing him up. If it was possible, he looked thinner than ever.
"Mmf, you sure you're not going to order anything Sherlock?" said John thickly through his massive mouthful.
"I wouldn't go so far as to say planning, but you know me, I do always like to be prepared. And yes, I had rather hoped that tonight would turn out like this."
For years after he would often read this story, and always he would feel the same tingle, especially as he arrived at the word "fatten". He also searched obsessively for a version of the tale that described Hansel's weight gain, but alas he never found one.
Suddenly Mycroft pulled away, reached over for his suit jacket and extracted a small bottle of oil. Sherlock smirked,
Now John was able to pet Sherlock uninterrupted. He roamed his thick hands all over the detective, powerfully massaging his maddeningly slender frame. The younger man was practically purring under his touch.
Languorously I licked his neck, making the strokes long and sensuous. He shuddered like an infant in the cold.
He gasped and then stiffened in my arms, letting out little noises of pain as my kisses turned in to possessive bites, no doubt swelling in to blue marks ringed with the imprints of my teeth. I ran my arms up and down his thin frame. Damn, his skin was every bit as soft as I'd imagined, like silk. I wanted him. My hard length throbbed.
But there were also things that Sherlock was not satisfied with in the story, why would Hansel have to stick out the bone for the witch to feel if he was thin? He deduced that surely it meant that Hansel had put on a lot of weight if he needed to trick the witch, but why was that not written in the story then? He asked Mycroft as much.
Many times it would all end with Mummy crying, Daddy shouting and Mycroft smugly finishing Sherlock's plate, content to be the "good boy". But as the years went by and nothing changed his parents eventually came to accept, if begrudgingly, their son's eating habits and just added it to the list of Sherlock's many eccentricities. He did eat, just in baby-bird like quantities and appeared to be healthy enough. Mycroft on the other hand had begun to look rather too healthy.
“Hello John,” smiled Sherlock, looking thrilled to see the other man as he tidied away his notes. It was the weekend and Sherlock simply couldn’t wait for two days of uninterrupted sex (unless somebody bothered them with a case) with his curvaceous lover.
“Hmm. I suppose that would sort of make sense,” John smiled, shaking his head. He just had to accept that he would maybe never understand the brilliant, younger man and that mad mind of his.
Never in Sherlock’s wildest dreams did he believe he would be able to do this. Feeding John, who was no doubt already so full. He tentatively lay a hand over John’s stuffed stomach.
"Skinny little shit" he replied, moving his hands down to Sherlock's jagged hips, which made perfect fuck-handles.
"Yes," said Holmes, gently trying to ease himself away before he felt a commanding nip telling him to remain exactly where he was. Grimacing, with a slightly defeated, and breathy voice he continued, "a sorry story really, it appears he had become wound up in all sorts of gambling debts."
"Oh, bless you! Bless you Mr. Holmes, thank you so much!" she smiled and took her treasure from him.
Please if possible leave a review or kudos, your thoughts mean everything. Reviews are like crack for unpaid fanfic writers. You guys rock! Bye!
This simply proved too much for John. The sight of the detective with his mussed hair, red cheeks, gangly limbs and this beautiful stomach, so smooth and curved and that John had packed to the brim with calorie-laden cakes, that was now streaked with the other man’s cum…it was too perfect an image. With a long sigh of rapture, John deposited his seed in to Sherlock.
"Please John, my body is used to this. I'm in no danger. I will eat once the case is over, which should be by tomorrow. I appreciate your concern though. But let's not let Angelo's hospitality go to waste."
Over the course of this experimentation John had gained another stone and was feeling positively decadent. Sherlock was loving his new girth and used every free moment to worship his flabby, growing body.
“John?” whispered Sherlock, holding out his own barely touched portion of Chicken Chow Mein to the doctor. John found it oddly seductive to hear Sherlock sound so nervous and look so timid, it was a completely different side of him that John was just discovering. It turned out he was discovering an awful lot tonight.
However it was Mycroft who appeared the most alarmed. He had called at their flat to pick up some documents that Sherlock had been looking over for him. When John walked in to the room his eyes had widened in surprise. Luckily, he quickly regained his composure and John didn't notice anything. Sherlock on the other hand, who knew his brother only too well, had seen.
He struggled some more, but my hands thrust him down. His lower abdomen would no doubt be mottled with blue patches in the shape of my fingertips.
He started as I speedily turned him over and bound each of his wrists to the wooden pillars of the headboard.
Yes, Sherlock Holmes enjoyed being underweight. He liked his transport lean and hungry. He needed to be able to feel his bones, to be sharp, and light as a feather. Food just weighed him down, it was a distraction, a necessary evil, it slowed him, made him feel sluggish and useless.
Sherlock closed his eyes. One of his darkest, most terrifying and deeply buried fantasies was about to come true. Was the love of his life really about to feed him? Was he finally going to know what it meant to overeat, to be stuffed to bursting?
"Good god, that man!" muttered the doctor darkly at the closed door. Enraged, yet also rather pleased at this opportunity for some equally playful revenge, which lighting up a cigarette he began to plot.
When I shot in the fourth, he made a small, almost inaudible, sound of displeasure. Probing my feelers further against the moist, muscular walls emitted more stifled sniffles.
It therefore went without saying that evening meals were hell on earth. Breakfast and lunch he could normally get away with, he'd run out the door to school before anyone could notice if he'd eaten or not. He'd then maybe eat a banana, or an apple or a small sandwich from the canteen at midday. But dinnertime was when he'd be forced to sit down with Mummy, Daddy and Mycroft and eat horrible heavy food that he simply didn't have room for. He was also an incredibly fussy eater; there were too many foods and textures he didn't like. He didn't like different foods touching either.
I moved over to him. He flinched, but I carried on forward, taking his slight frame in to my arms, he felt so delicate; like I could break him at any moment if I chose. He remained still for some time, but then I felt slender arms and stealthy hands embrace me. We stayed like this for some time.
John hummed with pleasure as Sherlock finally finished the cake with a small pant. He greedily eyed the detective’s flushed cheeks and tenderly reached forward to stroke the younger man’s tiny stomach. It was very slightly inflated and his hands could almost cover its entire expanse.
It had not been easy for Watson, but he believed everything would turn out to be worth his efforts. After sharing a wordless evening with Holmes, he had headed out huffily the next morning, claiming he was going to call on an old friend, but instead he stayed at the end of the street, waiting until he could see Holmes leave - which cost the poor doctor two hours of shivering. But at last, his eyes clapped upon a familiar sparse figure, prowling the pavement and headed in the opposite direction. So, rubbing his hands with glee, Watson set about on his mission.
But to my dismay, I found that I could not. My eyes kept leaving the paper in front of me and straying over to that lithe figure sprawled upon the easy chair, his long legs draped over the arm.
It was delicious, delightful agony but he managed it. After swallowing the final mouthful, he threw his head back and took deep breaths.
Holmes had barely moved an inch in the past sixty minutes. He had stayed with his arms crossed sulkily and his head held stiff.
The elder man kneeled above Sherlock, pinning him down as he gnawed greedily on his all too visible collarbones, his hands roaming up and down the worryingly slender body beneath him, grabbing, pinching and scratching.
It was a warm, tender kiss full of promise, but was to be cut short by the sound of John’s rumbling stomach.
I HAVE FINALLY UPDATED. Thank you for you patience, and sorry it took so long! I will try work on the next chapter soon.
Taking a deep breath, I closed my fingers around his wiry arms and resolutely removed his hands from me, squared my shoulders and picked up my pen.
"Ah!" cried the Doctor, jerking in pain as he felt a rather uncomfortable amount of pressure in his nether regions.
John reached a hand forward to stroke Sherlock’s long sleek neck and pull his head forward, to bring his lips against his.
"Yes Sherlock dear, it must feel rather intriguing for you, seeing as you don't have an inch to pinch yourself." To punctuate his point Mycroft reached across with thick fingers to try and grip at Sherlock's non-existent fat, anything he did manage to hold for a second slipped from his grip.
The detective only groaned in response. To which Mycroft began to move his hand up and down Sherlock's length harder.
Soon Sherlock began finding new excuses to drop in at Angelo's and various other eateries where the owners owed him favours. He would of course order nothing and instead watch John with hungry eyes as he devoured plate after plate.
John had even found himself “innocently” making noises of satisfaction as he ate, or groans as his stomach expanded, touching his growing gut, just so he could watch Sherlock redden and gape.
"Yes, well it-it's no surprise really; he covered his tracks, rather, rather…well." Now the detective really was having difficulty forming any coherent words, his eyes lidded, hands clenched in to tight, stubborn fists.
But I was having far too much fun to take any heed of his tone. I lay myself down over his rangy figure, causing him to sink down in to the fabric. I traced the sharp contours of his bony back, (Lord, I really did have to make sure his meals were more regular!).
If no one had taken him before, then I would claim him as my own. He had always been above me in everything; always the master of his trade, always on top. Well that was about to change, I would make his arrogant eyes succumb to me!
Breathless, the two men snuggled on the sofa. Sherlock curled up against the older man like a cat, using his tummy as a pillow, whilst John gently caressed the detective’s soft curls.
Both, it appeared, were also equally surprised by my sudden entrance, as my dear Watson sprang to his feet and extended a hurried hand towards our guest,
Savagely I tore off his tie and threw his jacket over my shoulder. I then began to undo his shirt buttons, pulling many off in the process. Sucking and nibbling at his prominent collar bones and angular shoulders as his top half became bare, inhaling his enticing scent - soap tinged with smoke, only made me need to undress him all the more quickly. He moaned incoherently, sinking down to the floor with me. Laying him upon his back, I tried to control my raging desires and slow myself down. I was acting in blind passion, I needed to steady myself.
“Wait a minute…all those trips to Angelo’s and all the other restaurants…is this another one of your weird experiments Sherlock?”
“Look Sherlock, it’s ok,” said John gently, interrupting the dark haired man with a sad smile, “I know you don’t like larger people. You don’t have to try be nice to me now. I’m a grown man, and I know that this isn’t healthy.”
Slamming in and out and gripping Sherlock's hips with so much strength that the detective was sure he'd have bruises, Mycroft began to ride the younger man hard. Sherlock's moans became louder, turning in to shouts; his head began to swim, lost in a sea of sensations. He couldn't last much longer.
With one arm I kept him held down, the other I used to unbutton my trousers. As I went to resume my original position: - holding his hips; he tried to make an escape. I prevented this by quickly grabbing his slender waist and heaving him back on to the bed.
"How d'you do sir?" she smiled. Her movement and low cut dress displayed quite evidently the reason for my companion's blushing. Even for someone not so gifted with powers of observation as myself, it was rather, shall I say, somewhat obvious.
John worried he would come then and there. This utterly breath taking man had his cock in his mouth. His blade-like cheekbones looked if possible even sharper as he sucked greedily on John’s dick, one hand caressing the doctor’s balls whilst his other kneaded the plush skin of his belly.
Sherlock soon became used to this sort of comment. It was almost a part of daily life for him. His family and many others seemed to revel in making that sort of observation, commenting on his extreme thinness. He has very clear memories of his Grandmother's funeral when one of his uncles, whom he hadn't seen for a long time, said to him in way of greeting: "Bloody hell, if it's possible you look skinnier than ever!" Sherlock was fourteen at the time.
He smiled a small, strange and slightly sad smile at me. I could no longer look at him, allowing my tears to flow freely; I turned to stare at the carpet. He'd been nothing but kind, noble and an extremely good friend to me all these years, and what had I done? I had nearly abused him, taken advantage of him in his very home. I didn't deserve to be looked upon by something so magnificent.
Grinning, my heart lurched as he began to mutter all the things he was going to do to me later. Ah, he could be so very adorable at times!
He paused, then, with a snort of feigned indifference haughtily strode away from me and proceeded to collapse upon the sofa. I cast a gaze at him, which he blatantly ignored, instead sticking his nose in the air.
Mycroft grinned, but it was a predatory grin, that of a shark. He moved his mouth over to Sherlock's ear and breathed,
“But Sherlock, you’re doing so well,” cooed John, as he softly removed Sherlock’s boxers, freeing Sherlock’s erection.
I'd often assumed as much and considered the man to have never had any form of intimate relationship, naturally I had no way of knowing for definite. However, seeing that look confirmed it all, instantly any doubt on that matter evaporated.
Soft lips engulfed my mouth. It wasn't a hungry, desperate kiss like that I'd enacted before; forcing my tongue in to every crevice of his mouth, leaving him gasping for air. Instead this was gentle and warm. I could have gladly stayed like that for ever, until the unravelling of time itself. But apprehension tugged at my mind,
"Yes, yes of course, you do appear rather flushed, in all this excitement I hadn't noticed. Are you alright?"
The doctor chose a gorgonzola risotto. Sherlock watched out of the corner of his eye in delight as John once more began wolfing it down. He observed with an approving smile as John's stomach began to distend in to a beach ball like shape. The wool of his jumper rising up slightly to accommodate this new mass, but sadly not enough to reveal any of the flesh beneath. It looked like he'd put on a stone in fifteen minutes.
After finishing the first enormous plate of bolognese Sherlock insisted that John get another helping of something, ("I know you're still hungry John and besides it's free.").
Stay tuned for the next installment where there will be loving, tender fat John/tiny Sherlock sex, John feeding and eventually kinky Sherlock stuffing.
Thank you so much for taking the time to read this! I hope you enjoyed it. Please know that I am open to all comments, plot suggestions and writing critiques. This fic was always going to be quite personal in a way, it took me a lot of courage to write as it deals with many of my own issues with food and various kinks. Plus it's my first fic of this kind. I've read a lot of absolutely wonderful food kink and weight kink fics in this community, so I decided to write one myself, to write it how I want it, and to give something back to the Sherlock fandom.
The doctor looked at the detective. The younger man was a mess; wide-eyed with wild hair sticking up in all directions and so thin. John felt another pang of guilt, to add to the rest he’d been feeling all day.
"Tsk, tsk. Temper, temper my dear," said Mycroft soothingly, burying a hand deep in Sherlock's ebony mane. "You needn't be so angry, as I said I've always suspected. But our dear doctor confirmed it all for me. But don't think that I'd never noticed your secret happiness that you thought you kept so well hidden. Your delight when I'd finish your meals when we were children, your obsessive cataloguing of my weight changes, your endless teasing, your sadistic joy if I had put on weight, your prodding and poking; also your own strict control of your weight. Yes Sherlock, you're attracted to what scares yet fascinates you, by what you can't comprehend, by your greatest fear. It's textbook brother. Fear and disgust are two of the strongest evocative feelings."
His moans filled my ears, gradually growing in volume, until shocked I discovered that my own mouth was joining in.
"Surely after this, my dear John, we should be on a first name basis?" Wearing a wry smile, a sparkle of his usual dry humour shone through. I couldn't believe it; the man had almost completely regained his composure.
Sherlock sat up also and massaged Mycroft's flabby gut, loving how heavy and warm and pliable it felt.
As the young lady sitting on the couch opposite the two men leaned forward and proceeded to do so, Holmes snaked a vicious hand, unseen to any observer, across to Watson's lap.
“No! Don’t be embarrassed! It’s ok…I guess I like all this too.” It was true, John had never even felt anything like this until now, but he was definitely enjoying this, even if it was all so new to him.
“It’ll be fun Sherlock, I promise. You don’t have to eat it all, but could you try for me, please? I’d really like that.”
“Ithink youlook goodwith the weight…and I…If you wantedtobe in a relationship with…with me Iwouldvery much like that.” He muttered to an invisible spot on the wall just above John’s ear.
"Everything quite all right Watson?" he queried, a light of amusement dancing in his grey orbs and a smile with the slightest hint of bewilderment adorning his lips…those lips.
Sherlock began to pant. Mycroft moved his hand to Sherlock's painfully hard cock and gently began to pump.
I tried to keep a smooth and even pace, but that hot, engulfing tunnel was becoming unbearable. My thrusts soon became erratic as stars swam before me. The building pressure in my lower region was excruciating, threatening to explode at any moment. Feverishly I clung to the firm flesh of his buttocks, it was all I could do to keep me from collapsing as pleasure consumed me, blinding me. My brain was drowning in heat. I could feel my nails digging in to him. Sweat poured from me as I rammed, harder and harder, the pain spurring me onwards. Like a wild animal I rode him, pushing and penetrating and riding the waves of pure, primitive, physical ecstasy. Our yells bounced about the bedroom.
Sherlock felt his temperature rise as John fed him forkful after forkful of brownie. The thick, heavy dessert was tumbling like rocks in to his stomach. Yet it was surprisingly not unpleasant, if a very unusual feeling to be so full. The detective was sure he was reaching his capacity however.
It had been almost embarrassing, no mortifying, eating all it all under Sherlock’s watchful gaze. Neither had said a word, but nothing needed to be said. Not now he knew how the detective truly felt. To John’s great surprise, it was also most definitely arousing. Sherlock had looked like a kid on Christmas day, eyes starry as he watched the detective devour portion after portion.
By the sixth forkful, Sherlock couldn’t stop a groan from escaping his Cupid’s bow lips. This was actually happening, John was feeding him. The cake was nearly gone and he could feel himself getting fuller.
He was wondrously, deliciously tight, as always. It was all I could do to stop myself from coming right there as he swallowed me.
John reached hungrily forward and caressed Sherlock’s midsection, feeling so very proud of his handiwork. His petite stomach was taut and rounded, sticking out impressively from his small structure.
"Ok Sherlock, I'm off to bed", yawned John after they'd arrived back at Baker Street, exhausted after his huge meal, "and remember, this isn't happening again."
He inserted, one, then two, then three fleshy fingers, stretching the younger man before he was sure he was ready. John then aligned himself and entered the scrawny detective.
Sherlock sighed, flinging himself to the sofa with his hand over his eyes. Well that certainly didn’t go well.
With bony fingers stroking his what felt huge (but was actually rather small by conventional standards) belly in wonder, Sherlock at last allowed sleep to claim him.
The detective leapt across the room to grab a large map of the streets of London, which after resuming his seat upon the couch next to Dr. Watson, spread out across both their laps.
After leisurely exploring his mouth, our need to breath takes precedence and I pull away for a moment, my face flushed and pupils wide.
"I've had enough of that from both of you. Why is it so unbelievable that I want Sherlock?? He's no more broken then a wounded ex-Doctor Soldier with shaky hands and a psychosomatic limp."
"But you went out in less. You think I trust her that much?" I put my hand on his chest and play with the buttons of his shirt. "I want to be the only one who sees your beautiful body." I slip his shirt to either side and run my hand down to his waist. "I want to be the only one to touch you." My hand goes under his vest and up towards his nipples. "To taste you." I scoot closer so I can nibble on his ear. "To worship you."
"I prefer the view from down here." I tie the bedding onto Daisy’s back. I am proud of the skills I have acquired over the last few days.
I take a bite expecting sour, but this, this is a whole new definition of sour and my face shows it.
I chuckle. "OK, that was a bad idea." I give Daisy an affectionate pat, and grab Mycroft by the hand, pulling him toward our sleeping pad. I pull him into the blankets with me.
"It's bloody freezing mate. We passed cold two feet of snow ago." There's only so much a fire can warm up a cave. Too big and we won't be able to breathe.
"How can you tell? I could always tell when Frank got a new girl because he was never very careful about lipstick on his collar."
"Well... I know what you showed me last night, of course..." I blush. "And I've read a bit about sex... with another man..." I say very quietly, embarrassed by my naivete.
"I fully realize that. But you have to admit, it worked." I say with a sly grin, following along behind him.
My eyes widen a bit, and I curl my thumbs into his waistband and pull, letting his trousers and pants fall to the floor. "Promise?" My voice is almost a whisper.
"Hmm. If it was my sister I would." As we head down the hall I point out which doors lead to who's suites. "And this, my love, is ours." I open the door to a three-room suite with deluxe en suite.
"There will be a bed set up in the parlour." I reply firmly. Then in a quieter voice, "I don't police whether it's been slept in, though." With a knowing grin, I turn to leave the room. I stop in the doorway. "Welcome to the family, William."
Lord Watson lets go of my arm, and gets to his feet, offering me a hand to get up as well, which I refuse angrily. "What the fu... what is going on, My Lord?"
I glare at the hunter, barely visible in the dim moonlight. "So, if you're out hunting, how did you manage to end up out here so unprepared? Don't hunters carry survival gear for the outdoors?"
My jaw drop open at his obvious annoyance. "He's your brother, Mycroft. He gets fearful of crowds and he has a damn good reason. He's been left alone most of his life. It's a wonder he hasn't shut himself in completely." I slam my fist down on the table. "You are his Brother! You're all he has left of blood family and he's all you got left. I get that it's hard raising a kid, a kid too damn smart and one that tells strangers exactly what he's thinking but you gave up fairly early." I grab his cup and head to the kettle. "Just for the record -I- was the one that talked him into going. -I- gave him the mask and the jacket. -I- even drove him there."
"All of them! Not you. All of them but you. Idiots." I give up on my biscuit quest. "What did Lord Watson say to his Mum? Did he agree with her? He seemed like a nice enough bloke. Shame really. Even the nice ones care about how everything looks. Why can someone just not care about looks for one goddammed moment and care about how it feels instead?! But noooooo. All that matters is what it -looks like-." I keep thinking about my fight with Mycroft. "Good for you I say! Getting out of there before you got invested! Not gonna let him make you his dirty secret. No sir! Not Sherlock! Proud of you.  I wouldn't tell them who was under that mask even if you told me too!"
Many years from now I will remember this as the moment Sherlock showed his strength by admitting there was something he didn't know and trusted me to teach him. In the not too distant future I will recall this memory when asked if I love him. "Lay back my sweet Prince." I kiss him softly while guiding him to lay on his back. I pour out a dab of oil and stroke my cock a few times to ease the ache a bit. After a bit more oil is on my hands I stroke his as well.
I start to get lost in his kiss but end up pushing him away a bit. I shake my head to rid it of sexy thoughts and focus on this one. "Gregory. You don't understand what I mean. Never did I think I would have one to give it to."
We've trudged through the forest for about an hour, John leading the way, when he decides we need to regain our bearings. I start to protest - I have an excellent sense of direction and know the direction he said we needed to go - but he glares at me once, and my mouth snaps shut.
I settle on his side and lay my head on his chest. I play with the hair as he rubs his hand up and down my back. Now is definitely the best tines to ask my favor. "Gregory?"
"Great! Can you bring it to me tomorrow before you go to the Ball?" Now I have to come up with something to wear...
I let go with one hand and take him deeper into my mouth. The tip is just about to my throat with still five or six centimetres to go. I do a slow bobbing action as I twist my hand. It's one of his favourites and quite possibly what sealed this job for me.
"I told you, one of the reasons I joined the guard was because nothing else was available to me. Now that I've risen through the ranks a bit, and proven myself, no one cares about my life outside of work.  It's nice knowing she doesn't have that control over my life anymore."
I put my hands on his shoulders and wait for the pain to subside a bit. "Not even a sprain I bet. Just help me up and I'll be good to go." Once I'm standing I tentatively put my left foot down. "Not too bad at all." When I go to take a step my ankle gives out on me and the only keeping me from eating snow is Sherlock arms around my waist.
I let up some pressure off his wrists. My head goes back as I groan at the talent of his mouth. "Gods how did you become so good so quick."
I grin to myself. "Of course, dear. I could whip up something for that ache if you'd like." I say as I hand him a bowl.
"Dear Gods! Does she do that often??" It takes a moment for me to breathe normal again. His arm doesn't leave my waist even though the danger of the horse bucking again has past.
"I do like it. I'm simply not used to it. May take me some time. Months maybe. Could be longer." I kiss his cheek as he has done to me.
I let my head fall back against the headboard with a moan as I feel my cock brush the back of his throat. My fingers curl into his hair as he twists his grip. I struggle to resist the urge to thrust up, deeper into his mouth. He's already managed to take more than most, after all.
I huddle in the corner, trying not only to stay warm but to cover myself, while John sets up the bedding.
His hand directs me to pull up til just the tip remains then suck him all way in again. My speed picks up now that my throat is loose and jaw relaxed. I pretend my mouth is riding him just like an arse. I'm so close to cumming myself just from the pleasure he is getting from me. A distinct tang hits my taste buds and I know he’s close. I look up and see him sweaty, writhing, one hand pinching his nipple, his abs are flexing, his breathing is erratic and I'm overcome at his perfect beauty. He must feel me staring because he opens his eyes and looks at me.
"Agreed." I shift so that I'm curled up alongside him, my legs across his lap and my head resting near his shoulder.
"He just ensured my dear husband's untimely demise. That American penal system you know... it appears the State of Florida frowns on murder. Shame my husband got caught at it." I sip my tea calmly. "He never was that smart."
"Sherlock, can you give me a hand?" I move to help John out of the chair, and Sherlock sweeps up him up into his arms. "Take him to my room, dear. He can have my bed for now." Sherlock obediently takes John into my bedroom. I shake my head.
I'm looking closely at an interesting patch of mushrooms when I hear someone calling my name in the distance. I look around - luckily, the falling snow hasn't completely obscured my footprints, so I manage to get back to the little cave, where John is standing there, holding two rabbits. "Did you call for me? I was just over there" I waved in the direction I came from "I found an interesting growth of Armillaria mellea on a fallen tree in that area."
"Then I'll know he doesn't want to see his brother, and I'll be able to get an early start tomorrow." I say simply, still crouched by the small fire. "Want something to drink? I can make tea, or I've got a little wine left, if you want." I might as well try to be friendly.
"I've survived so far." I add another piece of wood to the fire and place a few more sticks closer to keep dry. "Looks like it's gonna snow again. We should stay here another day at least."
The three of us follow normal procedure and remove ourselves to unit B until the storm that is Sherlock and Moriarty moves on.
"Sherlock was immature. It made sense to make me trustee of the estate until he was 25. As I said, they thought he would outgrow his ... issues. He has not, and I don't expect he will."
"Reach up and grab the bar." For this very purpose our headboard, and foot, had sturdy bars and places to attach cuffs or chains to. This would give him something to squeeze and make his muscles taut, so he would feel the next blows even more.
To make sure I get the answer I want I will have to sleep here tonight instead of returning to my own room.
I sit up, leaning on one elbow. "Why did you bother bringing me along, after that first night, anyway?"
"I'm sorry for your loss. You would've made a wonderful father and husband." I believe next time I am called to Court I may ask Smallwood’s page if her feminine problem has cleared up yet.
I slide one hand from his hip to his inner thigh, scratching lightly along it until my hand covers his, stroking his cock.
"Only some people. Does it bother you that much?" I settle in comfortably behind him on Daisy's back. Though he's in front of me, I'm still holding the reins and giving her direction. "If memory serves, there's a cliff about an hour's ride ahead of here, and that's where the cave would be. Sound right to you?"
I am about to respond to that when his hand wraps around my cock loosely. I can't help it - my hip thrusts again him of its own volition.
"Dinner will be ready soon. Sherlock, did you find the herbs I asked you to get me? I'll be needing them later."
"But why does everything pass down to him then? Why did they leave nothing to you but a stipend for 'keeping tabs' on him? It's like they're paying you to spy on him."
I'm relaxing into the soft sweep of John's tongue when he moves his fingers deeper. It's like a lightning bolt coursing through me. I arch my back and gasp loudly.
His voice is like silk, a soft caress against my ears. I stand up and pull the drawstring of my trousers, letting them fall to the floor, watching his reaction closely.
"What we -should- do..." I arch my back so he can pull off my belt "and what I -want- to do are not the same thing." I lean up and nip at his chest.
Approx age late 30s to early 40s. Caucasian. Iraq. Discharged possibly recently. Iraq. Employed. -JW
"If John hadn't found me that first night..." I shudder at the thought. "She would have been right. And it would have been at your hand."
The cool paddle moving lightly over my stinging arse cheek feels so good, I hardly even notice the light tap.
I roll my eyes. "I'm not dense, Greg. I am aware we will be seen - and more than likely photographed - together. Do you want dinner or not?" He's getting frustrating.
"I would like to ask a favor. My brother has been missing for a few weeks now. I searched for him where I last saw him but he was nowhere to be found. As the Royal Bounty Hunter I would believe you'd have more skill than I." This is the tricky part. "I can't afford to pay for that skill but I believe we could work -something- out in trade."
The commanding tone in his voice makes me shiver. "I suppose that can be arranged." I reply. I drag my nails over his thighs lightly, teasing.
"I'm good at being bad. And Seb. I'm good at Seb. And bad at Seb. I want my Sebby." I try to dig for my phone but end up rolling off the couch instead.
I shake my head grimly, then snuggle up behind him, my arm around his waist. "Good night, darlin'." I purr in his ear.  "Are you going to sulk all night?" I ask in a low voice, as my lips brush across the back of his neck.
"What are you doing? That is not ok. She is--- dammit." I follow him into the living room of 221 A. "Quite spacious. Warm. Better wallpaper..."
I start shifting uncomfortably. “She did need a stable boy, but that wasn’t why she called for me. She’d seen me a few times, making deliveries, and I guess, liked what she’d seen. I found out much later that she’d offered my father money to take me in when I was younger, but he’d refused. Now that I was of age, she just decided to ‘hire’ me directly.” Mycroft looks at me, concerned. “What do you mean… ‘hire’ you?” I wave off his question and continue with my story. “Alicia knew all the right things to say – how horrible her life with Lord Smallwood was, how she would take care of me... It didn’t take much for her to talk me into her bed.” I blush. I take a deep breath. “Officially, I was the stable boy, of course. Keeping up appearances and all. But everyone knew what my real job was. Of course, I was completely besotted with her, so I didn’t care.”
Mrs. Hudson has gone missing. We've been left a note which suggests she did not leave of her own free will.
Hrmph. “Not advisable, I think.” I quietly come down the stairs, placing the biscuit jar – yet untouched – onto the kitchen table, and pouring the cold coffee down the sink. “We had… a bit of a disagreement. I doubt I am high on his ‘people I’d like to see today’ list.”
It's a new, but not at all unpleasant sensation, and I try to relax, rocking slightly against his finger. I lift my head to look at him, and kiss him softly with a moan.
I adjust my legs so that our hips are flush, and cocks rub together. The water makes for a poor lubricant however. "Gregory, be a dear and fetch the small vial I left in my pocket."
"Plenty of time to decide that, babe. I don't know how large a task I'm facing, yet. You'll be able to afford it."
I snort at his fairly apt interpretation of my sibling relationship. "Harry's a mean drunk. Mean sober too. Mum acts like a ... Let's just say she's all growl and only a little bite."
I look at him carefully. “Fine. But you’re handling the dry cleaning when he flings a glass of red wine onto my suit.”
"After Lady Smallwood... well, it was the only profession open to me. No one wanted to do business with me. My father's bakery began to fail when she took me in... just the association of our names was enough to hurt him." I sigh a little, distracted from my original plan.
"Sherlock and John would be lost without me." I let out a happysad sigh as I think of my boys. "If it wasn't for my occasional meals all they would ever eat is takeaway and biscuits. But they're busy these days. Between business and becoming -aquainted- with each other... Well, you know what I mean." I shoot him a wink and head back to check the potatoes that are roasting nicely.
I drop my fork. "Where did you hear about that? I bet it was Greg, that snitching bastard..." I mumble under my breath. "Yes, I am. Why do you ask?"
"My team and I got separated by that freak storm a few days back. Snow came down so hard and quick I couldn't see my hand in front of my face. Guess the guys didn't realize I wasn't right behind them no more." I shrug.  At least it's better than being abandoned by your brother.
I fall less than fifty meters from the cave when I slip on a patch of ice. The breath is knocked out of me and my vision is going dark. I wonder briefly if this is how I will die.
"Will you keep your voice down? Mycroft's upstairs, you idiot." I hiss at him. I sit down next to him, looking at the paper Greg flung at me. "His
"Just around that bend." I hope it's just his discomfort riding and his anxiousness to find his brother making him uncomfortable. I'm actually enjoying the ride with him.
"Good points. Now think about this. We do have snow. We do have fire. We do have lots of thick chunks of tree bark... Get where I'm going with this?" C'mon Locky, you can do it. Snow. Fire. Tree bark.
Turning to my side I grab his hand in mine. "Promise me? Promise that if I don't think it's safe that we won't go back?"
I nod and grab a pillow to put under his arse. "Do you want me to explain what I'm doing or just do it?"
"Oh good. You actually got a decent size." I gather some snow and put it in the bark. "Now we leave it by the fire for a few hours and the dirty stuff will sink."
"Fine." I mumble, pulling my knees up to my chest and curling into him, taking full advantage of his body heat. I manage to get almost completely off the cold ground, his lap being a much warmer place to sit anyway. "I'm never going to sleep like this, though."
"Our parents are long gone - I've been his sole family since he was 10 years old. I suppose he might be convinced to bake an extra batch for you, given your upcoming departure. His name is Sherlock. Here is our address." I scribbled our address onto a piece of paper.
"Oomph." Due to his momentum I end up on my arse in an easy chair with six feet of Sherlock on top of me. At first, I can't seem to figure out what happened. "Should I be worried this is going to become a pattern?"
"I see. Do you care about all your darlings health or is it just my diet you want to monitor?" Stop pretending like you care. Just. Stop. It.
We've slowly made our way to a dim alcove so I pull him inside and lower the curtain. It’s almost impossible to see more than faint outlines. "Are you going to follow that advice?" I had not yet let go of his hand but instead use it to tug him closer to me.
"He sounds more like a dad than an older brother." Maybe I should at least talk with the bastard before I kill him. "Do you want to see him?'
"I would like that." The reminder of Smallwood will go untouched for now. "I must ask you something. I have heard you refer to Daisy and myself as Darlin. Is this something you do often with people or animals?"
"YuP." I pop the p sound as he does often enough. I lift my head and kiss the closes part I can reach which happens to be the same spot I bite earlier. "Oops." My smile takes away any credibility that I may have meant it as an apology.
"No wool is completely waterproof unless it's still on the sheep. Now get your kit off and set it to dry." I turn the jacket over and start taking off my layers of clothes.
I turn and head off in the direction of the tree he'd used as a vantage point yesterday... where he'd finally been able to smell the smoke. "Fine, then. Do hurry up, though."
"Obviously, brother, we were sleeping in it." I roll my eyes at Mycroft, and toss one of my brother's fancy dressing gowns to John so he can cover himself.
I burst out laughing. "You lied to her? That's great. Brilliant. She will remember Moriarty as a Saint and you as a right twat." I can't stop chuckling as we stroll down the sidewalk.
"Mum!" I run right past her to shut and lock the door. "Are you ok?" I start patting her down for possible injuries. "Do you know why there's a mob out there? Looking for me??"
"All right." I wait til he settles on his back, then curl up alongside him, my head on his chest, his arm around me. "Yes, this is still comfortably warm," I comment sleepily. I try to hold perfectly still, to keep myself from rubbing up against his hip (gods, that would feel fantastic...), and close my eyes again.
I yelp at the yank of my hair, resisting the urge to growl at him. Obediently, I open my mouth and take him in like he wants. I steady myself a bit by resting my hands on the edge of the bed on either side of him, and bob lower.
"It was hot and dry. Nothing interesting." I pull my hand back to cover a faked cough. "Speaking of dry... Would you please get me something to drink."
"And you think I've gone blind..." I mumble, shifting to move from nipping at his inner thighs to licking the length of his cock.
I almost spill the tea, left by Seb, that I was drinking when she says that. "It was marvelous, simply marvelous."
My eyes close and I feel something like a hand caressing my face but when I open my eyes no one is there. "Sounds good. Yeah. Mind if I shut my eyes for a moment?"
"No, Mycroft, I haven't. He mumbled something about biscuits and left several hours ago. Why do you ask?"
I slip the mask up slightly so I can take a big bite of the peach, only to realize how juicy it is. I quickly take out a handkerchief to keep the juice from ruining the shirt Greg loaned me.
"Sit. Stay. He's fine." I put my arm on the back of the couch and play gently scratch my fingertips against his jaw. "He needs the sleep. You wouldn't want to disturb that, would you?"
"What should I do, John? Should I speak to my brother, iron things out? His letter sounded remorseful, and he did send someone to look for me..." I lean into him, my eyes closed.
I walk over and pat Sebastian on the shoulder. "He's only upset because we're right, you know. He'll cool off."
"Shall I put my mask back on and we pretend there is another man my height that is also referred to as Highness?" I put the hedgehog mask that my sister had commissioned for me back on. "At least call me John. Please?'
"Oh, heavens no. Well, I suppose that's partly true. My husband was becoming a bother, and well, I would have been bankrupted by a divorce, so I found a better way to take care of the problem."
I pull my mouth off him slowly, and start stoking him with my free hand. "I believe" I gasp with each stroke. "you promised throw me down on the bed and fuck me." My eyes twinkle mischievously.
"I heard that, young man." I walk into John's suite with a slight grin. "I will have Maria set up a bed for Sherlock in your parlour, if you'd like, John."
It's hard to tell by the light but it seems an hour, maybe two, passed before I returned back with two rabbits. "Sherlock?" I call out to him when I'm only a few meters away. "I caught two rab---"
My spine tingles as he distracts me with a gentle touch before the paddle meets my flesh again. My knuckles are already turning white with my grip on the sheets. I consciously let go and flex my fingers, trying not to think about my stinging arse. "Three" I can still manage to keep count, at least.
I slam shut one suitcase and grab another hoping to find where my service holster has gotten to. "You wanted to throw me a party so I could find someone I wanted to spend my life with. I did just that. But that wasn't good enough for you, was it? No. Never is." It was later confirmed by a giggling waiter that William heard everything and I must presume he left because of what Mum said.
I push back against him with a shiver that has nothing to do with the ambient temperature of the cave.
Sherlock works on his experiment while I finish preparing tea. He's cataloging the difference in ashes in the hopes that some day it will be used to tell how a fire was caused. I bring him a cup of tea in return for a kiss on the cheek. When I sit down with my feet near the fire I expect to warm up but become colder instead. I look in my lap but see no reason for the frozen feeling. The more I look and see nothing the more concerned I become.
Having spent the majority of the day aroused by him the choice is quite easy. "Well then, let me just put my jacket down and you can get in."
His kiss is tentative either due to his inexperience or the thought I may not return it. I can help on both those accounts. I place my hand on his jaw and ease up on the pressure a bit as I tilt my head slightly. His body starts to relax against me again.
A hundred thoughts roll past my mind as I contemplate my next move. On one hand his defiance is stimulating. But, more importantly, his impudence will not be tolerated. I get off the bed and head to the toy chest. "Position. Now." My tone leaves no room for argument.
"Capt John Watson, Ret. Afghanistan." I take a second look at him. He must not have been out long. Still has the Soldier physique, tan forearms, military haircut, and eyes that look like they could stare down a bear.
"I'm not wrong, John. Trust me." I spring from the ground and grab his arm, dragging him along our previous trail. When we reach the end of it, I walk along carefully - mindful of abandoned traps, as he had mentioned - and he follows behind me. After about 15 minutes of blazing this new trail, I stop and sniff the air. "Now can you smell it?"
"Oh, he's not my date." I reply quickly. "Just a friend. I'm single... I mean, I don't have a date... ever."
I slide a hand behind his balls to see how loose he still is from the sex we had up against the tree just a few hours ago. "You're not too sore are you?" I want him so bad but I won't hurt him.
"Sherlock. Please. Stay. Still." My hand had traveled down to his hip without my noticing until I found myself trailing his hip bone with my fingers.
"I promise to make it worth your while later." I grin as we pull up to my house. I get out and open the front door. "Sherlock?" I call out. No answer.
"Oh. I see. Good for you then. Avoiding all that nonsensical dating stuff. Celibacy is a valiant virtue... Or so I've been told." Smart? Check. Funny? Think so. Doesn't date? That might be the deal breaker.
"Ha. I don't believe you. Are you a former Agent? MI6? KGB? CIA?" There was nothing in the dossier to make me think she would be much to handle. But now...
I find when I don't think about it, it becomes easier to ride the horse. Greg's weight behind me is comforting. His arm around me makes me feel safe. I'm in a doze when he speaks to say we're here.
"Pfft. Those rags? Hard worth the time to get them, let alone read them." I lean against the railing and look up at the night sky for a moment.
"No, no, that's not it. The smoke from this is mostly pine, and leaves. What I'm smelling is beech or ash." I start to wander away from our fire a bit, partly to confirm to myself that what I'm smelling isn't our fire.
I pull on my clothes, and smile at him. "Just once, let me cook. I might surprise you." With that, I head off in the direction of the sound of running water, hoping that the source of the sound is large enough to harbor a decent-sized fish or two.
"Call it a working interview. If Lady Watson likes what she sees, she'll probably offer you a full-time gig, if you want it."
"All right. Just don't tell him where you got them, OK? Like I need one more chore on my list..." I gather several biscuits into a small bag and hand it to him. "Now, if you'll excuse me, his highness out there expects me to finish these dishes before I cook him dinner." I sigh hopelessly.
"Molly! Wonderful to see you today!" I breeze into her office, where she sits at a desk covered with paperwork. "Tell me, how is your boyfriend? Jim, isn't it?"
I freeze for a moment. "Hello, your Highness." I bow politely. "Seems you've thrown a popular party." I look around the crowd, partly to distract myself and partly to make sure I know where my brother is. I'm sure he'll recognize me and make a horrible scene if he finds me here.
When he pulls off his shirt, it's like the unveiling of a precious gift. I stroke my hands over his bare flesh, leaving both of us gasping. I turn my attention to the crook of his neck, much as he had with mine, and find he has a similar reaction.
"What if I promise to return the favor?" He knows I love sucking him off any chance I can. It has made for some interesting car rides.
Sherlock paces continuously from the time he finishes talking to his brother until his phone pings. He grabs my computer to read it. "Let me put in the password. It's a hard one this time." It seems in the short time I've been here we have developed a few games of our own. One being that I will come up with a password that he won't be able to crack.
An exasperated sigh escapes me. "The same child that you would have no problem with them living a lonely life as long as it was deemed socially acceptable more than a common happy one that wasn't? How is that living?" I lean in close to her so that I won't be overheard. "Harry is miserable and is drinking herself to death because she married properly. You are painfully alone because you pushed away every possible chance at finding happiness because you didn't think remarrying anyone less than a hero would be socially acceptable. Mum, I love you, but I won't live that life." I kiss her on the cheek. "I leave after brunch day after tomorrow. That's make those happy days, ok?"
"Mmmmm." I arch my back as he thrusts his hips against mine, our erections in perfect contact. My finger curl into his waist as I push back.
"Forget I said anything love." A memory of being laughed at the first time I ever dared to ask a partner for the same thing comes back in full force but I shut it down.
"I can make you a dessert that would curl your toes, darlin'." I reach up and kiss him, trying to distract him from all this talking.
He looks like a wild animal stalking his prey. His eyes almost appear to glow with an inner shine. He puts his knees on either side of my thighs and continues stroking my legs. I reach a hand out and lightly flick the draw string of the loose trousers that are doing nothing to hide his excitement. "Come on beautiful, let me see every delicious inch of you. I know your body is as beautiful as your mind." I push up higher to I can nibble at his collarbone. "Please, let me worship you properly."
"I'm sorry Lock. We're both a bit on edge." I set down the vegetables for the stirfry so I can go over and hug him to me. "Greg is using everything the Yard has to work with. I'm sure Mycroft is as well. You know Greg won't let him do less than he possible could."
"Sorry, John." I reach under my mask carefully to wipe away the tears of laughter. "I know the silver fox - he brought me this evening, in fact. I've never thought him the jealous type." I lie.
I turn and shrug. "I just... need a moment. I'll meet you around back. I'd like you to show me how to properly skin that doe." I walk quietly toward the garden, where I take a seat on the bench there. I close my eyes and wander through my memories for a while.
I laugh at the seriousness of his question. "I don't know. Will you do this every time you want me underneath you?" My smile slips away, and my face reddens as I realise what I said could have many different meanings. "Crap. That's not what I mean. I meant... oh bugger."
"Daisy is a perfectly apt name for a mare." Why would I find that funny? It is endearing. As are most things he does.
I lift up my hips to untie my pants but leave them loose on my hips instead of pulling them off. My hands go under his blouse to find his nipples and caress them with my thumbs. He's so responsive to everything. I adjust so our penises are aligned and focus on frottaging against him.
"There's that attitude again. It’s not always all about you, Mr. Holmes. Or diplomacy." He still isn't getting it. I reposition myself so my feet are flat on the bed and both hands are on the head board. In this new stance I can pull my body onto his penis hard and fast and as deep as momentum allows. I use his cock for my ultimate pleasure.
"You've probably seen thousands of people in your lifetime, John... is it someone you saw recently? In the past month? Six months? Year? Let's narrow it down just a tad?"
It takes me a moment to catch my breath after our hips meet, his tight warmth enveloping me. "Ready for any possibility," I mumble, grabbing his hips.
"I suppose you are. Funny how things work differently for different people, isn't it?" I smile warmly. "I use my soothers when my hip starts bothering me, you know. Takes the edge off the ache in my old bones," I sip my tea as I watch him carefully. "Good job remembering to bring them when you picked me up, by the way."
"But Mummy's dead now. At least, that's what guard told us." I have no reason to distrust the man. "And my brother wouldn't have sent someone looking for me if he really wanted me dead...  And besides, if you come with me, you'd be there to protect me, if I'm wrong." I plead with my eyes.
I stretch and yawn. "I'm sure we can work out an equitable trade. In the morning." I pull his warm body close and close my eyes.
I turn to face him, resting my hands on his waist. "I can tell you care about me, too." I move closer to him and kiss him lightly on the cheek.
"That's a long time without a warm bed to sleep in." I take a seat beside him, resting a hand on his knee.
"Surely you don't expect us BOTH to be naked... together..." I am totally unprepared for such closeness at this point. Not that John is an ugly man, by any stretch of the imagination, but... I hardly know him!
In the three weeks since I abandoned my brother to the elements a few things have changed around here. Some good, some not so good, and some, interesting. Mummy passed within a week of Sherlocks departure, I was named sole heir, and I got a new job. The feelings of guilt require more and more alcohol to drown them out.
I hide my head in his back. "Yes. Ok." I try to relax as I do when I'm riding Gregory. The memory excites my mind and body. I am grateful for the small space between our hips so he remains unaware of my newest problem.
"Wait. I'll pack you a lunch while you say goodbye to Jimmy." I have my hand on my hip and a Mom look so he doesn't even think of brooking an argument.
I make quick work of his shirt, my long fingers deftly freeing each button until finally I push the shirt off his shoulders and let it fall to the floor. My breath catches when I see the scar on his shoulder, my fingers tracing over it lightly.
I give Sherlock a playful shove on the shoulder. "Do pay attention dear. Jimmy here picked me up just after 4pm. We discussed a small wager on when you and John would come to 'rescue' me at 6:30pm. Jim said, and I quote, 'If they are here within the next 48 hours, you win.'" I sit back in my chair, arms crossed. "I believe I won."
"Holy shite! Exactly how old are you?" At first, I assumed that like most aristocrats he just looked young, now though...
"I've told my brother this chair is in a sorry state..." I shake my head. Carefully, I unwind myself from him and get to my feet, pulling him up with me. "I think I have a better idea." Taking him by the hand, I lead him down the hallway to my bedroom.
A grin spreads across my face at his words. "Oh, so now you wanna play Mr. Holmes? A moment ago, you were acting the worried bride on her wedding day." The thought of Myc in Bridal Lingerie makes my dick even harder.
I put my hand over my heart and dramatically flop down on the couch. "A bird? A bird he says! Oh my wounded heart." I get up and walk over to put the jacket around his shoulders. "It's a Phoenix. You know the story, yeah?"
"I don't have any of that handy. I used mugwort instead. It should help cool it more and bring the swelling down more quickly."
"Yes, only one belongs to me. The others cost coin, which at the moment, I do not have." I shake my head. "Contrary to what you might think, being a royal bounty hunter doesn't usually pay all that well - which is why I have a more reliable job as a member of the Royal Guard, too." Of course, I do allow myself one luxury... who happens to be standing in front of me. "We are going to have to rough it. You can leave most of those clothes - no one cares what we look like in the forest. I have blankets enough for 3, so leave yours. The spare socks and shoes are a good idea, though, and the food is, too - so long as you plan to eat it." I help him sort through his bags, and winnow it down to a single sack, which we sling over his shoulder. I swing myself into the saddle, and reach a hand down to pull him up behind me.
"No, just bruises, a broken rib, and a terror of groups of people." I laugh weakly. "Since then, I pretty much stay here, except when Mycroft takes me somewhere."
I laugh at his haughty attitude even during sex. "Never change Mycroft Alexander Holmes." I nip at his hickey then commence riding him for my sole pleasure alone.
"I don't know about cleaning the snow, any more than one would clean other water... boiling is good." I shrug. "And as far as staying warm, dressing in layers is something we can't really improve at this point, given that we have a limited supply of clothing. Keeping our heart rates up a bit, but not exerting ourselves to the point of perspiration."
"Where are you from?" I'd bet my boots he's from some castle with some posh name. Maybe he's even a Duke or Earl or some other nonsense.
I snuggle into him in a rare moment of peacefulness. "Your reactions are quite unexpected and very pleasing. Thank you. I see no reason to discuss this further." I want to get up, I need to get up, but my body won't move from this spot of safety and acceptance.
I glance up and see him looking at me through heavy lidded eyes. It's as if he is judging all of me. My soul, my heart, my sexual prowess. I can't tell if I come up lacking or not until he arches his back when I put my fingers in deeper and find that spot the gods gave men to remind us that Sex Is Good.
I glare at Sherlock, hoping I am adequately conveying my desire to strangle him with his apron strings. "Erm... yes. Gregory, would you like to have dinner with me this evening?"
I look at the crowd milling about inside. "Perhaps we could go for a walk? I have heard wonderful things about the castle gardens. We could watch the sunset..."
"Yes... yes!" The shift in position and how much harder, deeper he is thrusting is enough to send me hurtling over the edge of ecstasy. My whole body tenses up impossibly tight as I cry out with it, my fingers curling into his biceps.
"Mycroft is your brother." Wait. What? "MYCROFT is your brother. Mycroft! The bloke we watched fight with the other bloke, who turned out to be Greg my new PR man, about groping another bloke’s arse. That Mycroft. My new Security Chief." I fear my voice is hitting new records of hysterical highs. "Mycroft’s little brother is Sherlock who is William. Oh, gods, strike me here and now."
I look over and see that he is holding the rabbit up by its hind leg about as far away from him as possible. "I expect you to take the innards out and put it on that flat rock by the fire. Unless you prefer your hare rare." If he didn't look so adorably pathetic I would be laughing my arse off.
I turn so that we are facing each other. "How else can I explain it? It represents everything I am, why I do everything I do, family, my name, everything." I push him to his back and lay my head on his shoulder. "The only child I am likely to have is William, if he is still alive."
"No offense but it's not meant for a winter in the woods. Your brother really must've wanted you dead to keep you in that. Least the wool will keep most of the ice and snow off." Guess that means he's not going to take it off. Oh well. If he wants to be colder than he needs to be that's his business.
I reply with a mouthful of jerky. "Tastes awful too. Its jerky, you know, dried animal meat. Lots of vitamins and proteins." I rip it in half and hand it to him. "Eating will help warm you up."
"I just woke up. Gimme a minute." I stretch and my shoulder makes a pop noise. This cold is doing no kindness to my body.
I arch my back and grip his biceps tightly, his change in rhythm sending ripples of pleasure through me, pushing me closer to the edge.
I pull Mycroft out of the room, so the new couple can get dressed without an audience. As I wipe tears from my eyes I escort him to the kitchen. "Tea, love?"
I grin at the idea that Mycroft has had a schoolboy crush on my for so long. "I'm flattered to have even been noticed, to be honest."
"Mmhmm. Sure you're not. You are going to eat. And get a proper night's rest. That is part of your payment, you know - taking decent care of yourself for once." I kiss the top of his head and get to my feet. "I will gather up some firewood. Why don't you look through my pack and decide on dinner."
Hmmm "There's a difference between your 'boys' intelligence. I wrote a wee story. For Sherlock I did everything but write down GPS coordinates. For John..." I turn my hand left and right. "Well, you know." For this game to be fair I need to be honest. Oh, how I love a fair game. "They received their clue about two hours ago. More than enough time to get that smarmy brother of his involved."
"Mmmm... gods, you're good at that," I sigh, combing my fingers through his ginger curls. Of course, that's a good part of the reason I pay him the amount I do.
"I'm not mad at you, love." I nuzzle the back of his neck. "I'm just a little slow, compared to you."
"Hmm. Nothing that's not on the blog. A bit ‘bout how you do the see thingy that you do. Oh, he could do it too. He told me about you and John being a couple before anyone else. I don't think he was fond of John. He didn't not like him, but he didn't like him either." Almost like he was jealous of the time Sherlock was going to be spending with John even though they weren't even dating yet. "I can't think of anything else. If you want to know more you'll have to ask him."
There's a noise coming from the back of the cave. The animal sounds hurt, or worse, pregnant. With nowhere else to go I decide to stay against the wall as close to the entrance as possible and try to wait it out til daylight.
"Cause you look bout fourteen and talk about Mummy like you're twelve. Safe to assume you do nothing but read all day. Most men your age have jobs, a spouse, kids, all the adult stuff." Not that I would ever agree to murder but Mummy is making a bit of sense bout Sherlock not pulling his weight.
"If he read anything about history, he'd know that people tend to congregate and build settlements near water sources. Hence, following a river isn't too far-fetched." I comment. "Of course, he may also simply have been thirsty. Even he could figure out that a river would be a good way to fix that."
I wasn't expecting it when the warmth of the paddle's impact spread across my thigh. My eyes start to water a bit from the sting
"You can't. No one can." I try to push him off but lack strength and will. "Is there a place I could rest just for a bit?"
"Nah, I've got a regular job. Work at a pub most nights. I'm just helping out a friend with deliveries tonight... his regular guy is home sick."
I throw my head back with a groan as I feel him pulse inside me, and in short order, my orgasm overtakes me as well. As the waves ebb, I collapse onto his shoulder, breathing hard.
I jump up from the table when I hear to boss come in the door. "Erm... we're in the kitchen, Mr. M," I call out, quickly brushing the biscuit crumbs off my shirt.
"Well, fruits and vegetables are better than meat - better at keeping the blood sugar stable. And we need to stay hydrated, as well, though the snow is not a good choice for that - it lowers the body temperature too much."
I know how much he likes it when I swallow him that way, but part of me still wants to fight it. When he lets me loose for a second, I pull back quickly, gasping for air. I return to lick along his length - not teasing, per se, just not letting him get his way. A little act of defiance.
My reaction is instantaneous and very very physically apparent. "Yeah. Yes. That." I stop for a second to calm down. "That sounds good."
"Almost. Until you interrupted us. Interesting though, I can't seem to entice you.... Oh!" A realization comes upon me. "My magick can't entice you to want me, can it? I can't make you go against your nature..."
I reach up and cup his face in my hands as he kisses me, soft and slow. Every slick movement earns a whimper or moan from me. The fullness of him inside me is better than I ever could have imagined in my wildest dreams.
I kiss my way down his neck and to his shoulder, my hands brushing lightly over his freckled skin as he settles himself across my lap. I kiss and lick every freckle as though counting them with the tip of my tongue.
A buzz at the door tells me dinner has arrived. I open the door to a rough looking gent. It makes me think back to my first meeting with Lock. "Afghanistan or Iraq?" It was the memory that made me blurt that out I suppose.
I push my bedroom door open with the tip of the umbrella, peeking in around the edge of the door. I scowl - my beautiful lace shower curtain is strewn across the floor just inside. I step over it, and creep into the room, to find my brother's tell-tale dark curls sticking out from under the duvet. "SHERLOCK! What the hell are you doing in my bed?"
"She met with an accident the day after you disappeared." I shrug my shoulders and let him assume what he wish about her demise and who took care of him. "Then I give you the lands and anything of worth."
"Whatever you say love." I focus on keeping my hips planted on the bed so I don't thrust accidentally. "Do whatever you want to. Whatever feels right."
His teeth on my skin is like a lightning bolt, and I arch into him with a whine. I shift my legs a little, locking my ankles around his waist. Between him pounding into me, rubbing all the right places inside me, and my dick being stroked by our flesh, I'm not far from the edge myself.
My eyes travel the curve of her neck line down her back as she leans forward. When she goes back so sitting normally I notice her smock has accidentally unbuttoned a bit to reveal the swell of her breasts. My attention is drawn to the creamy color and barest hint of a medallion hanging from her necklace. "Hmm? Sorry, what?"
"Sounds like family to me." Now that I know it's a person I move a bit further into the cave to get away from the bitter wind. "Hey, any chance you have dry wood back there with you? Maybe some kindling?" I feel a bit warmer but I'm still shivering from my time out in the snow and ice.
"Waz dat? Yr nt givin me lpf are you?" I glare at him through the reflection of the bathroom mirror as I brush my teeth.
I look up to see a couple of young men walking - well, one is walking, the other hobbling - toward me. I haven't seen anyone here in ages. The folks in the village tend to avoid me, after all. "Yes? May I help you gentlemen?"
"I'm well aware of what my Mum said. If you had read the article you would've seen what else she said." I lift his feet just long enough to grab one of the tabloids that are on the table in front of me. "Let’s see... Here it is. Look, it’s even in big letters. --
I carefully slide off Daisy's back, pulling along a half-asleep Mycroft. I hand him her reins and walk over to the cave. "By the looks of it, no one's been here in a few weeks. When did you say you left him here?"
My brow wrinkles in frustration. "That's not playing fair, Gregory, darling..." My fingers curl against his chest.
I sit down on the bedding and fluff up an imaginary pillow. "Come along then." After I lay down I pat the side next to me.
I'm so glad he can't see my face right now. "Well... Ummm. How bout I move a bit closer?" Please say no please say no please say no.
"Yeah. Just letting you know we're ready on our end. Did Lord Watson have security questions?" I take the tray out of Myc’s hand with the intention of dropping it off on my way back to the drawing room.
"NoPe. He got himself into that mess he can get himself out." I return the Sig to its spot behind my back. Seb sets his, one of the three I know he has on him, on the table. I roll my eyes and cross my arms.
"Um... yes..." I am at a loss for words, pinned by his gaze. I reach up and brush his cheek with my fingertips.
I roll my eyes. "It's a term of endearment, Mycroft. Has nothing to do with your age. What term of endearment would you prefer, then?"  I can't help but notice him wincing with every step the mare takes. "And if you let your hips roll with her gait more, you won't be as uncomfortable."
I glance at him but need to keep my eyes on the road. "It’s time I took up the role of Lord. With you by my side I won't feel stuck or useless."
"Guess that solves who will sleep where..." I smile shyly at Sherlock who is looking a little pale. "You ok love?"
I slowly come to a stop. "How am I torturing you babe?" I can almost feel the delicious bruises forming on my hips.
I nod along knowing any attempt to debate this would simply end in him dismissing it. "Then who has got the absolute worst? Or the best? Which one would you have preferred?"
"Come on..." I coax him softly. "We've earned a bit of a break. We'll be back on his trail at first light. Come enjoy the moment, hm?"
"Agreed. We should take plenty for ourselves but I'm not worried bout what she wants." There's a snap to my voice despite the fact that I don't want to be jealous of the attention he gives Irene.
Dear? She called me dear?! "Thank you for the offer but no. I don't want biscuits or tea or anything else you're concocting. What have you done to my SOLDIERS?" I'm well aware that I'm yelling but only the guards seem disturbed by this.
I'm itching to just grab his hips and pull him down, but I know there'd be hell to pay if I did. "Please, Jim..." I growl, curling my fingers into the sheets.
I walk up towards the man in black and red. "Hello. Hi. Umm. Wow bad impression." I wipe the back of my neck with my handkerchief.
"John Hamish Watson! You will not take that tone of voice with me in my house under my roof!" The stupid, short sighted, fool. Just like his father. This needs to stop now.
Leaning up against the wall, I'm pleasantly relaxed, almost drifting, when I feel his hands part me, and his tongue tease at the sensitive flesh. I jump in surprise. "Oh!" I freeze for a moment, and look over my shoulder at him.
I throw one of the pillows we knocked onto the floor this morning at him as I head into the bathroom to shower. "Madman," I mumble with a grin.
He keeps moving his hand like he has no better idea where to put it than I did. I tug my arm out from under his and put it on top and grab his hand. "Stop fidgeting." I pull our hands into my chest. "Is this better?" My budding erection hasn't waned and his breath on my neck is sending it all the signals to grow. Whose stupid idea was this? Dying from cold would be preferable to dying from embarrassment. Maybe.
I heard his slip, and stifled a giggle. "Well, we'll take it easy then, unless the situation warrants otherwise." I pat his hands. "Just let me know if you need a break. I think I know where the cave you spoke of is - we'll start there."
"I've heard of that woman. Rumors say she was banished from the Kingdom for trying to black mail his Highness." Always good to know where a intelligent ally can be found. "I am in her debt for keeping you hale and hearty."
"That's enough Harry. Enough badgering and enough drinking." I try to apologize with my eyes. "So sorry William."
"Apparently, you've never been alone with a single woman," I grumble. I limp over to a chair by the fire and put my foot up on a small stool. "Lock, help me out of my boot would you? I need to take a look at the damage."
"Oh, nothing special. Just a sweetener I like to use." I take his empty stew bowl. "Did you like the stew? There's a bit more..."
"Good morning, Greg. Shall we head to the castle? I understand they're having some security issues... what, with the large crowd that's gathered..." I nod to the door.
I think gallantly. I head quietly out the nearest exit, taking off my mask as I leave (no sane cabbie will pick up a lone masked man at this hour, after all). Setting the mask on the end of the banister by the stone steps in the front of the castle, I make my way quickly and quietly to the main road and head toward town on foot. Luckily, about halfway there, a cab does happen by, and I'm able to negotiate a ride back to our house. When I arrive there, I carefully strip off the clothing loaned me, and climb sadly into bed for a restless night's sleep.
"Mrs Hudson has enemies? Who would want to hurt that charming old lady? She’s an Angel." Minus the soothers she is about the most honest and good woman I know.
"No, he wanted to ask him personally. Since his presence won't be required for a while, I gave him our address."
"No. Don't think so. No one came to our door at least." I look at the guy on the screen. "He does look a bit familiar. Keep playing."
I bolt upright. "Crap. Sherlock. Sorry." In my haste to scramble off of him I end up knocking my head a bit against his chin. "Crap, again. Sorry, again."
Lord John Watson and William Sherlock Scott Holmes were married the following spring, amid much fanfare and celebration.  Under John’s patient care, Sherlock flourished, and made frequent public appearances, both with John and on his own.  Lady Watson and her daughter-in-law Claire loved him for his honesty and wit, and Harry, for the most part, tolerated him as much as she tolerated anyone.
I put a hand on top of his in my hair and encourage him to push my head down further. I can feel tears and saliva running down my face but he likes it when I look 'thouroughly fucked' as he put it. I moan harder when he pushes down and my nose smashes into his pubic hair.
I notice him rubbing his knee, then start to chuckle.. "I told you your limp was psychosomatic..." I say with a chuckle.
The Sun has barely moved when Sherlock comes out if the woods with a small blonde man. They are pulling a sled behind them with the remains of a freshly killed deer. I go to stand and yell when Gregory puts his arm around me with his hand over my mouth.
"No. No no no. No talking." I can feel my head hit his throat and shudder when he swallows around it. His nails dig into my hips making me groan in pure pleasure. The thought of wearing his marks for the next few days has me closer than I would normally be right now.
"Dear gods yes." In this position on my lap his legs are open. I grab the vial again and pour much more oil than I usually do. This is not the best oil for use but it does wonders in the water. It's a good skill of mine to be prepared for multiple contingencies. I rub the oil over the fingers of both our hands then slide mine between us.
"The answer is in the stars." I return to the pile of clothes and take his surprisingly warm coat off. "Get up and dressed. We'll leave soon."
I am so engrossed in his tongue dancing over my own fingers that I am caught by surprise when his fingers rub over my lips, begging entry. I take them in, my tongue's movements mimicking his as I sigh and let my eyes flutter closed.
"Nothing too exotic. Just tried some different herbal combinations in the stews." I didn't want him to think I'd tricked him into anything... like
I grab both sides of his face and make him look at me. "Stop being an idiot! You want him. He wants you. Go. Get. Him." I stand and try to pull him up so I can drive him to the castle but the bony bugger is heavier than he looks.
I shake my head and wag my finger. "no no no no no noooooo. Not how that works. They will head back to Baker but to go get your stuff because you're moving in here." I squint at Seb sending him the mental thought that he better back me up or he will see the back side of a couch for a month. Minimum.
"Pshaw. The reward don't matter. What matters is he wants you!" I grab the paper and smack him on the head lightly. "I've had reporters all over my shop and house since this was delivered. I snuck out and came here soon as I could."
"You don't get it, Lock. I know how he feels. I do. I feel the same. And I like what we have. I like that we both have other people that fill our needs. That's good." I end up spilling the bit that's left in the tea cup when I try to twirl it on the plate. "Oops. Sorry." I grab a dish towel and wipe it down. "The problem isn't how we feel, or what we do, or who else we feel and do other stuff with. That's the good part. The problem is the -where-. The What, Who, When, and Why are great. The Where... It’s killing me."
I move along with the crowd, and eventually find myself almost within arms reach of that gorgeous specimen of manhood. Suddenly, I'm jolted back into reality when I see a tall man wearing a red ferret mask shaking Lord Watson's hand, leaning in to say something in his ear which makes what's visible of his cheeks turn a vibrant pink.
"Your brother works to take care of the land and then cooks when he gets home. Your Mummy does all the other chores required for a house to run correctly. You... tend herbs and read." I see no reaction in his face. "So you see the problem with that?" At home I was running the farm by the time I was sixteen when Da kicked me out after he caught me with--
Before I have a chance to offer my knife he has already taken a huge bite of the peach. Beer spills down my chin when the lip of the bottle misses the lip of my mouth.
I slam down my paper. "Good. Maybe I should give them more to talk about? How about this for starters: Mum of Lord Watson asks him to find a possible Spouse and when Lord Watson is Genuinely Interested She RUNS THAT PERSON OFF!" There's a crash sound from the breakfast bar where one of the overnight guests dropped the jelly pot.
"And calling me Darling is?" I rock back and forth a few times. "Teasing me." I add a little bounce to my rocking. "Grabbing the arse of that young, fuck, young plush..." His head hits my prostate with the perfect amount of pressure. "You don't grab my arse like that in public anymore."
I nod to her with a smile and let John pull me away from her, as she runs after their mother, with another young woman in tow. "Charming girl... does she always drink that much?" I ask him when we've reached a quiet corner of the room.
Unable to hold eye contact I look down at my shoes. "I know. I failed you. Whatever retribution you want is yours for the taking." Now I look up. "Including my life."
I put a scoop of herbs into the pot of hot water and let steep for a few minutes. "As for danger, well, no one bothers me here, so I'm quite safe."
The relief of my brother likely being alive and the lack of food causes me to, not faint per se, but take an impromptu nap.
I let him scamper off while I remain by the fire and plan how best to enjoy these two perfect presents.
I'm still staring at him in shock. "After all that, after knowing what you know, you still want me?  Why?"
"Certainly, my dear," I smile at him, patting the empty space next to me on the bed. "Come sit with me, and we can... talk."
"I say it's about one or two hours walk if we knew the route but since we'll have to stop and climb a few times it would be safer to assume two to four if no snow starts coming down. Sunset starts in about an hour." Now it's his decision.
I do as I'm told, relaxing as he works the muscles in my neck and shoulders. I shiver as his lips graze over my shoulder, momentarily distracted from where his hands are until I feel him wrap his strong fingers around my cock. "Ungh... John..." I manage to say as my mind goes blank.
"No, it looks like a simple sprain, actually." I say, mixing some mugwort into the grated potato mixture. I take the bowl over to where he is sitting, and apply the mixture to his swollen ankle, wrapping it carefully in place. "There, we should let that sit for a few hours, and see how it looks then."
I open my eyes and sit up as he hands me a cup of tea. It's too early for bad tea so I must hope it turned out better than the fish. "This is decent." I wave off the food. Eating in the morning has never been easy for me.
"Yeah, almost forgot you know Sherlock. He's good by the way." After a bit of small talk, the conversation got around to our respective jobs. "Actually, now that the Ball’s over and I won't be making any more masks, or anything, for a while... Anyways, I've been looking for a job in PR. I got the diploma for it, might as well get some use out of it." The waiter came buy with fresh drinks for all of us.
Wiggling... oh gods. "Just... hold still." He finally stops fidgeting, and I breathe a sigh of relief. "Much better."
"Can I help you? You look as terrified as a kitten at a dog show." My persona, Jamie, grew up on a farm in Midwest America.
I stop stroking for a moment, presenting with the inviting view of Greg's arse as he pulls out the plug. I get off the bed and retrieve a bottle of lube from the bathroom counter, popping it open and pouring some into my hand as I climb onto the bed behind him. "Interesting choice of accessory, Gregory..." I run my lips over one arse cheek, smoothing some of the lube over my straining cock, then turning my attention to him, pressing two, then three, slicked fingers into him. "If I didn't know better, I'd question your motives."
I scoff at Sherlock being as aware of his surroundings as to follow the sound of water. "Unless that is written in a book in his library I don't expect him to reason why that would be a good idea. Sherlock is a smart boy, a genius, but not a reasonable one."
I open my legs wider so he has more room to explore with his bolder touching. Releasing his hair I put that hand under my balls and tug them slightly to show him something I like. I stroke up and down my shaft a few times before returning to tugging on his curls.
I follow his lead and wrap my hand around his shaft, pumping what my mouth can’t take. I let his cock slip from my mouth with a pop, my hand now stroking his length. "You are delicious, John." I say, licking the precum from his head.
I carefully pull myself off of him and make my way to the loo. After taking care of myself I return and toss a cold damp flannel at him which hits his head. I laugh at his startled expression. "Was Soldier Boy not ready for a wee bitty washcloth?"
I press play again, letting the video proceed at a normal speed. Several minutes after Mrs. Hudson lets him in - curse that woman and her trusting nature - we see the young man leaving again, this time with his arm firmly around Mrs. Hudson's waist, almost as though he is helping her remain upright. "John, what does this look like to you?" I point at the screen.
"'Inherited' would be somewhat accurate, I suppose. She did know where her husband kept all of the funds from his various enterprises, after all. And once he died, she was able to claim it all." I nod quietly. "While it's possible that the kidnapper was someone she knew, it's more likely, I think, that it is someone who knows me... or possibly us."
I smooth my hand over the scar tissue, then lower my lips to it, kissing softly over it, then up his neck. I catch his wrists, pulling them away from his waistband. "Allow me..." I whisper in his ear as his pants land in a puddle on the floor with his other clothing. I stand back a moment to admire his naked form - muscular, but not overly so, lightly tanned, and very aroused. I smile to myself.
"Stop it." I lightly smack Daisy’s nose again. "And you," I smack Gregory, "stop laughing. You're encouraging her."
"Fine." I tuck her hand in mine and escort her to the main hall lunch is usually laid out. When I attempt to escort her to the back patio we are instantly surrounded by possible Williams, groupies to those Williams, people with handmade banners, and a cacophony of Phoenixes. The shouting, cheering, reporters shouting questions, lights flashing, everything. We are quickly pulled back into the hall.
"This wasn't supposed to happen." I blurt out in a panic. "You can't be with me. I left to keep either of us from getting attached..."
I hmm as he goes lower on me. I let go of my cock and put that now free hand in his hair. I comb my fingers through it and watch the curls bounce back each time. "What else do you deduce about me tonight?" He presses down hard on my hips. "Brilliant."
"No. No I do not think so." He is as yet unaware of my new relationship status. "You may have it and give to yours with my heart felt blessing.'
"Wait." I stand up, carefully, and give her a kiss on the cheek before she retires. "I'm not good but I like that you think I'm not bad."
Dammit All! "Bollocks. I do smell something. Not saying it's definitely smoke but it's definitely something."
"Sorry, no. Try to enjoy your time off." I see him furiously rubbing at something in his hand but before I can ask if I can help he has already walked away.
"Right. Have you seen a young man in the area? Tall, slender, dark curly hair, blue eyes?" I try to focus on the task at hand.
Sholto. Damn him. "John, you just got home. Wait a while." I change tactics and try a sweeter approach.
"Yeah. Your boys." I had almost forgotten that this wonderful lady was under Sherlock’s spell. "Tell me, Martha, if I may call you Martha, tell me, do your boys ever take care of you?"
"How delightful. Thank him for us, would you?" I look over at John, positively sulking by the window. "John, have some biscuits."
I turn and glare at her. "Yes, Mother. I will. I won't be under your roof much longer anyways. My old Commander says he's got a good spot for me in his new business taking supplies to remote villages. No better place for a Doctor Soldier to be then in the field. If the Queens Army won't have me least his company will. I leave in two days."
I shrug. Seb shrugs. We get up and go wash our hands. "I think she's worse than the Nun back in boarding school."
The desperation in his kiss sweeps aside all my reserves. I open my mouth to his and lick his top lip until his tongue comes out to play. I moan as our mouths take turns devouring each other's. So needy to keep touching him, kissing him, I don't even let my need for air to stop me. I push his shoulders back and lay half on top of him as we continue to discover the taste of the other.
"You’re welcome Irene. Glad I could help." Sherlock is stirring the stew so I'm sure he's done his part. "You ready to learn how to clean a kill properly?" I grab another knife for him and slip his flask into my pocket.
"Couch! Forever! Moran!" Ugh. It's so hard to get good pets now days. "Least it was your fishy who ran away first."
I watch as he deftly handles his knife, making only a few cuts and accomplishing the task quickly. "That's not how my books say to do this..." I frown.
After checking the hare I pronounce it done enough. "What else did your books say about surviving extreme cold?"
"Oh, yes, you do snore on occasion. Especially after it rains." I poke him lightly in the ribs. "Doesn't matter. I like it." I kiss his shoulder.
I nod slightly, though I can't move my head much with the tight grip he's got on my hair. The slight twinge of pain is almost erotic.
I walk over to him and stand by his side petting Daisy. "Is that all? That I make you feel needed?" If I was any further away I doubt he would be able to hear me.
"What if I told you that everything you do affects me?" I turn to my side a bit and scoot down so we're more eye to eye. "You don't need potions or spells or herbs to get my attention." I squeeze our still-entwined hands then let his go, so I can tuck a stray piece of hair behind his ear. "Did she tell you anything else? About oils or tinctures maybe?"
"Jim's not sad about anything. He's angry," I sit at the table carefully as she brings over a cup of tea.
"Hello?? Delivery. Anyone Home?" I try to make a point to drop off all deliveries to the Holmes house myself. It's mostly to say to my friend Sherlock, but catching a peek at his brother definitely doesn't hurt. "De-LIVE-er-Y."
“Don’t know what you mean. Been here the whole time." I gulp down the champagne. "Except for when a Miss Smallwood needed to speak about some security matter." I hand him back the flute. "Which reminds me that I promised her I would go check on something. Security wise. For Security." I make a mad dash for the rarely used tea room and the hidden staircase it has.
I grab a few veggies from the fridge and start slicing and chopping. "Me and my Frank used to be a bit.... excited in our love making. Those where some good years."
"You'll be busy anyway. Besides, you'll be able to get so much more done in my absence. I've left you a list of some extra things you can take care of while I'm away..."
"Anything else I could do?" My breath makes his hair move a bit and he shivers. Oh my gods please don't do that. I think of all the sickest things I can think of so I won't be too tempted to rut against him.
Having taken at least three pictures on my cell phone I finally help Lock out if the rubbish bin. "Serves you right. Trying to get us killed, again. Good think you're so brilliant otherwise."
I shake my head. “Brother, aside from me, how many people know the two of you are, shall we say, more than professionally acquainted?”
The second finger brings a whimper from my lips, and my knees wobble. My hips rock, my cock pushing to the back of his throat alternating with my arse pushing back on his fingers. His fingers press against my prostate, and my brain completely whites out with the sensation. "Oh, my God, John..." I gasp. "That... that's good." I did tell him I'd try to tell him what I liked.
I shudder at the mention of Mycroft Holmes. "Nasty man, he is. But useful in his way. Now the rules of the game. You can't do anything to deliberately misdirect the boys, and I can't try to contact them or escape." Like I'd try to escape - this is a very comfortable flat. "With those rules, I think they should be here 2 days from now, if not sooner. What do you think?"
"Just luck, believe me." I laugh. "I love to dance. I used to take lessons when... when I was younger"
I look at Sherlock and wait for him to figure out what I want. "Deduce me." I continue to play with my cock and run my free hand up my chest.
"Hmmm. Let me look..." I kiss him hard then spring off the bed, strutting naked over the cabinet. "Would a massage oil be sufficient? She has a vial of almond oil here."
"What's that to ya? You one of Jimmy’s weird people? I don't got time for this." Freaks. That's what they are. The whole lot of them.
I smile to myself privately. It's much better for him to do the climbing than me... I'm much more likely to fall on my arse if I try.
"I'm flattered. So he liked logic puzzles?" I ask gently. Poor Molly ended up as the third wheel in Jim's relationship, it sounds like. "Tell me, did he read? Mention any favorites?" Like fairy tales?
"I believe you were somewhere about there. Maybe a little lower." I arch against him as he starts to kiss lower.
"I miss your father terribly, John - don't let anyone tell you otherwise." I sigh. "I don't suppose there's any way I can talk you out of this folly?"
"Good thing you know better then. I -always- have the best of motives." I wiggle my arse a bit to get him to hurry up. My cock tries to wake up when he calls me Gregory in his posh voice.
Knowing if I get close to the bastard I'm likely to punch him I decide instead to trust Lock. "Stay in sight. Know this Mycroft Holmes: if you try anything, --anything--, your death will be slow and painful"
"It could be a lot worse, so quit your whining." Almost instantly I feel bad for snapping at him. "If you want we can move a bit and you can, err, not snuggle but maybe curl up into me...? That would at least get most of you off the ground."
"Where are we going?" Seems nice out here, peaceful. The kind of place I can see us retiring to when all is done. I picture bee colonies, a dog or two, patio for mid-day tea. I sigh, that will never happen. Too domestic for Mr Married to My Work
"Just relax. Don't resist the motion so much." I try to explain. "You know exactly how to roll your hips, by the way." I say suggestively. "You did a fantastic job of it the other night, at least."
"Pity that. You seem to be recovered from that heartbreak, at least." I push a stack of paper to one side and sit on the edge of the desk. "Tell me about him. What was wrong with him?"
I shove one in my pocket for later. "For the Mask Ball duh. Everyone's going. Open to the public. It's why I've been so busy I couldn't visit these last few months."
"Told you, was a bit old to be discharged and only have made it to Corporal. He still has a soldier’s body." Unlike me. "Something just strikes me as wrong." What is it? I rack my brain trying to figure it out. "He was looking for a flat to rent. Gave me his number even after I told him there's nothing around here available that I know of."
I scowl at Sherlock briefly. "You'll be heading Security. I'll be in charge of weeding out the obvious phoneys. Heard they let one guy in who was shorter than Lord Watson himself and twice as round. Guess they figure I'll be able to eye ball who it can't be easier than who they've got doing it."
I look at the guard, fairly shocked by what he's just said. "Let me consider. If I've not come to you by mid-day tomorrow, I suggest you leave, before the owner of this land finds you." I motion to John that we should continue with our task, ignoring the guard as he turns and walks back in the direction of his camp.
I continue stroking him, adding a slight twist of my wrist with each upstroke. I feel him shiver, and his thigh tighten over me. "But I want you to prove it." I say with a suggestive grin.
I get up with a groan, padding over to the bathroom to grab a flannel to clean us up. Once that's done, I curl up behind Greg, nuzzling against his neck. "Dinner, remember? We should get dressed."
I look around and see no one so I hobble over to the chair by the fire and sit. The fire is quite warm and feels good after all the cold.
"Uh huh. Let me know if you change your shirt-- er I mean mind. Let me know if you change your mind."
After a few briefs hellos and a quick wash up, I finally had the fountain in sight. My watch said twenty-four minutes had passed.
I chuckle, and grab hold of his hand. "Pay attention to the road, Gregory..." I give his hand a squeeze. "Save that until after lunch, hm?"
"I... I. I don't need help. I'm fine. Just go." Gregory is the only one who could possibly help me but if he knew how I -need- him he would sicken. "Just give me a few moments."
"All part of my master plan to ruin you." I say it purely as a joke. I lay my head on his chest and listen to the thump thump of his heart beat. His nails idly play along my back as I nuzzle into him. I tug the blanket up as the heat from our excursion wears off.
"Where should I put my things, John?" I ask quietly, trying to avoid looking at his mum. I can tell by her body language that while she's being supporting of John, she's not sure if she likes me or not.
"I am trying Mum." My hopes have all been dashed but I made a promise and I will continue to play along.
"You two should get along beautifully while I'm at work." I strip down and get into the shower. "Try not to take over a small country before I get home, please."
"I need you to either lift your knees and open your legs a bit, or you could lay on your tummy. Personally, I want to watch your face as I worship you but you may be physically more comfy on your stomach." As I tell him this I rub up and down his thighs with my hands. "Your call, my sweet."
I roll my head back, giving him better access to my neck, and grab his arse roughly, grinding our hips together.
"If it doesn't mean something to you, to call someone 'baby' or 'darlin', then you shouldn't do it at all. It meant something to me.”
"Rings a bell. Moran. Colonel." A vague memory of my marksmanship certification comes to mind. "Did he have anything to do with Marksmen training?"
I bring Myc over tea with a splash of Brandy. "Need to talk?" I bite the inside of my cheek and pinch my thigh to keep from laughing.
"I do not cheat, young man." I stare at him sternly. "Sherlock, when someone says something will happen 'within 48 hours', doesn't that imply the starting time is right then? I'd already been here nearly 3 hours by the time this conversation happened, after all..."
With my free hand I stroke along his inner thigh, feeling his balls tighten under my fingertips as I brush over them, cupping them in my hand.
"good. Good job." I pull out the flint but decide I'll show him how to do it this time instead of just getting it done.
