“You won’t mind if I go get some food will you?” John asked, “I can’t go without eating for days like you.” Hyperion let out a sniff accompanied by a small poke of humor at the back of John’s mind. He pushed a positive yes across, nudging John off his cheek.
“There’s my good girl,” Jim crooned softly, reaching out to run a thumb along the newly healed skin on Sebbie’s cheek with a smile.
“If you could just leave it over by the door, I’ll come get it,” John called, as Hyperion shifted his head and put himself between John and her.
“All riders risk their lives, it’s part of the job description. The moment that eggshell cracks you’ve signed yourself permanently into a life of danger,” Sherlock said, dumping the blankets into John’s arms and then pulling all but two away.
“You’re still entertaining the idea of Christmas.” Sherlock said, breaking John from his thoughts with a small start.
John barely had time to feel the hot, hard length of him in his palm before Sherlock let loose a strangled gasp. He wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock and gave a couple of quick strokes. One long pull and Sherlock froze above him, hips stuttering into John’s fist as he came with a deep groan.
“I’ll be the judge of that,” Sherlock murmured into his neck, starting to nibble the spot there.
“Just another day in the trenches, eh Watson?” before the lot of them started giggling hysterically at their grim circumstances. One of the five groaned and stopped laughing, and John set about mending his wounds.
“No, just curious, you won’t mind if I sleep on the side with the lamp, then.” John couldn’t help but chuckle at Sherlock’s face.
“Sholto can’t really say much. He mostly does those appearances as a formality, gotta show the public that we are actively doing something in the war efforts and not just holed up behind our walls over here,” Lestrade replied.
The flat was quiet when John arrived. Mrs. Hudson’s doors were shut and it sounded like she was out. The building was by no means unoccupied; John noticed familiar slimy drippings on the stairs heading up to 221b. Sherlock was definitely home.
“That’s what Lestrade and Mycroft were trying to tell you earlier when you were sulking and raging like a stroppy little blotling,” John felt Sherlock glower at him for the comparison but pressed on anyway. “If you listened to them once in awhile they could actually help, too late for this one, now they just get a mess, but next time-”
“Hyperion?” John shuffled forward. It felt cooler under the tarp and for that John was thankful. He’d been expecting Hyperion to be happy to see him, but what hazy flickers he was getting from the bond signaled a sense of betrayal and irritation.
“It was under control,” Sherlock said, voice even as he met John’s eyes, ice blue gaze focused on John.
John’s mind flared, the warmth he’d been missing slowly seeping into him.
“That’s where I’ve seen his face before!” John cried, as they drove through the mostly silent dragon halls of Sholto’s side of the Aerie, “he shows up on the telly now and then, does press conferences.”
“Not a damn clue,” Lestrade responded, sounding distracted suddenly. “Look I’ve gotta go, we’re pretty much done here.”
“I don’t care,” Sherlock replied. “If he’s been paying close enough attention he might already know from you thinking about it so hard, but I doubt it.”
Sherlock went silent, icey blue gaze flicking over to him as he took a long sip of tea. He looked away as he answered staring into the kitchen. “Who do you think delivered it?” he said cryptically.
. John’s head leaned over onto Sherlock’s shoulder. They had yet to see another soul, it had gotten late and everyone was already inside for Christmas eve festivities. All the better, John didn’t want Sherlock freezing up or pushing him away out of any worry for John’s reputation or whatever had made him ask if John wanted to be seen close to him. He liked the calm, quiet moment they were sharing.
“Silkwing Ridgeback, a French locality bred for centuries for their speed and beauty,” Sherlock said, as she turned from him and went to inspect John. Up close John could see that she had darker patterning, like Hyperion but much more subtle and much cleaner looking. She wore warped stripes and rings from the top of her head on down, the backs of her wings carried large patterns on them like butterfly wings.
Only there was a sudden drop, apparently Sherlock with his sex-addled brain had forgotten exactly how close to the water they were. Ah, but gills. Sherlock didn’t seem to give a damn that they were sinking into the aquarium tank, he just continued kissing up the side of John’s neck, clinging to him and thrusting away, not once disengaging. John clung onto Sherlock as well, the shock of abruptly being dunked into the tank dissipating slowly. He pulled Sherlock’s head away from his neck, making him open his eyes. Sherlock looked around him, his eyes reading ‘oh hell’ very clearly, but the hard cock still in John’s arse saying ‘who gives a shit, we can breathe, keep fucking.’
) And ‘the shark and seal have been taken care of’ which John had to guess was meant to be reassuring.
A harsh bark from Jim startled the pair away from each other if only for a moment. John helped Sherlock to his feet in order to get some distance from the flopping bulk of a seal as she continued to bark and whine. Inside the tank John noticed the form of a huge shark as well, tiger-like stripes visible as it surfaced. It hadn’t just been Jim and Sherlock, it had affected Sebbie as well, reverting her to her natural form.
Mycroft had said things like this occurred regularly, but did they usually end with him almost dying?
“Sher-Sherlock? You have something to add?” Jim stuttered out, eyes locking onto the pair of them sitting against the back wall.
“I’ve been sleeping out with Hyperion lately anyway. I only just heard you playing last night. Your playing is incredible, by the way, I think it might have helped me sleep a bit better.”
“I do have a public website,” he replied.
“Et tu, Brute?” John said with another chuckle.
Sherlock looked at him warily before he sat back down on the sofa, putting the coffee table between them. John watched as Sherlock wrapped his robe tightly around himself and pulled his knees up to his chest, long toes flexing on the edge of the cushion as the tall man folded himself up, blue eyes still watching John from above his knees.
“What’d they do?” John asked enthralled and genuinely curious. Sherlock was like him, he’d done something the Aerie hadn’t seen happen before, only in his case bonding with Hyperion had been seen as a good thing.
“Shh, working,” Sherlock hissed at him, “do you have a scent? You know what she smells like?” Sherlock asked Bellamy, calmly rubbing her nose with his bare hands, “Think you can find it?” he asked again, giving her a warm smile, “go on then, don’t destroy anything,” Bellamy looked intent on every word that he said, but that last remark John saw her eyes roll and snorted a laughing huff in Sherlock’s face before rising up. She made some distance between them before she took to the air in one great bound, a quick gust of wind traveling down the street with her first wingbeats, John getting to see at a distance what he’d felt and been terrified by before as butterfly-spotted wings opened and caught the midday air and sunlight.
Sherlock suddenly lurched up, staggering upright with his knees together for balance. “That means we’re fish, about to be fish!” Sherlock said it far too loudly, causing him to veer to the side at the power of his own voice. John shot forward to catch him before he hit his head on the concrete wall.
She dropped the towel she’d been using onto her shoe and suddenly viciously kicked Sherlock in the stomach. “It is
The rider chuckled wearily, “Oooh my boy, he’s fuckin gorgeous I tell you, smart as a whip, big as they come. Great big brown ass in the sky!” he laughed before returning to a hacking fit. John brought his canteen to his lips to give the man a bit of water. The coughing died down, but the man continued to wither.
“I’d like to see you, is it possible you could get her calmed down a bit?”
“You’re fingers are stiff and clumsy and I want my saddle back,” Sherlock stated, as Bellamy rolled to one side for John to jump off without as far to fall.
“Why don’t you tell me about your cases?” John asked, three days into Sherlock’s sulking. He had never really wondered what a fish in a strop looked like, but now he had an idea. Watching Sherlock dart around the tank for most of the day before coming to rest near the bottom, fins all tucked in and belly in the gravel, John nearly swore if a fish could frown, Sherlock would be doing so.
His eyes ended up on Sherlock again, the rider flopped on his back in the shade. Bellamy’s scales nearly sparkled as she dried, silver glimmering like Hyperion’s golden flecks; water gathered in the grooves between her scales and ran off. John saw Sherlock’s belly twitch as water dripped on his middle and he smiled when Sherlock rolled over, shuffling a little further under Bellamy’s wing so as not to get dripped on.
“You don’t have to eat the squid and pellets--” Mycroft began, just as John spoke.
A knot formed in the pit of John’s stomach at the thought that came to mind of how he could give Hyperion the feeling without hurting himself by actually trying to fly.  Hyperion glanced down at him with one golden eye having caught the thought across the bond along with John’s unease.
“You would be surprised how much more useful it is than knowing the names of the other balls of dirt and gas that spin round the sun.”
The second trip wasn’t remotely as long. If anything it felt like they might just be moving the car to someplace nearby as the sounds of rain never returned, meaning they never left the shelter of whatever building they were in. When they stopped again it sent John sloshing inside the medical bag still unable to form up and properly orient himself for an escape.
“Sherlock, when did you smell my clothes?” John interrupted the stream and Sherlock stilled, his face transformed into one of confusion, of all the questions that one seemed to wrong foot him.
“Investigating a case,” Sherlock said coolly, nodding towards the shoe. Sally didn’t even give the discarded article a glance.
“Anything else, any distinguishing marks at all? You’ve been living with my brother for months now, have you picked up any of his methods?” Mycroft asked, his tone clipped and tinged with an anxiety the man was certainly not willing to show. “No, of course not, small mind, thinking with your dick, you spent more time trying to woo him than to learn anything from him.” Mycroft sneered. Suddenly those cool eyes were similar to Sherlock’s in the way they scanned over him briefly before they turned away.
Hyperion waited near the gate outside, Bellamy standing beside him. John walked quickly to them.
While John was smiling fondly at the sight a towel landed on his head. He struggled with the surprise object for a moment before he managed to get turned around and see Sherlock behind him spreading out a towel of his own on the ground under the raised edge of Bellamy’s wing. John followed suit, laying his towel down against the side of Hyperion’s arm, opting to lay in the sun. He leaned against Hyperion’s warm scales and watched the world go by.
“Dead I’m afraid.” John gave him a sharp look at that. “You weren’t wrong about the year though, Nike Reflex Blue and Silver 1986. They aren’t ‘retro,’ they really are that old.” Sherlock held up his mobile with a picture pulled up of the navy blue trainers, the big silver logo on its side.
“I’m sorry for upsetting you, Hyperion, so sorry…” He continued to stroke the wide scales that banded his belly, sliding fingers around the edges of them to touch the thin spots of velvety soft skin where the scales grew. “I-I’ll fly with you, I will,” John told him, gut clenching at the thought even as he said it. Hyperion’s head shifted, a golden yellow eye sliding open to look back at John. “I didn’t mean to make it sound like I hated you; I don’t. I don’t want to ever leave you. You just have to understand this is a thing that has terrified me since I was very little, even younger than Victor was when he got you.” John reasoned with him. Hyperion shuffled his long neck into a tighter curve, slowly moving closer and nudging at John, pushing him a little further down his belly, ‘keep talking, I’m paying attention’ and ‘scratch over there, itch’ popping across into John’s head. He huffed a little laugh, reaching up and resuming his rubbing and scratching a little farther along Hyperion’s stomach.
“Ooooh you
“Why can’t you go and work with the police, then?” John asked Sherlock, interrupting the shouting match in the thankfully deserted hall. Lestrade looked at him like he’d forgotten he was there and took a moment to reply.
“Something to do,” Sherlock said shortly.
“You find me attractive!” John yelped, right at the moment Sherlock decided to playfully draw a long finger up the bottom of his foot, making him impulsively yank it away at the tickle.
“Then what is the ‘damn point’ Lestrade?” Sherlock replied, doing the mildly freaky trick of parroting Lestrade’s words back at him with his own voice.
John realized as he stared at the spinning pinwheel of a load screen. Trying to do both the inputs for the laptop and talk to Hyperion was a little taxing as his attention was pulled in two different directions, John had trouble trying to convey what was happening: danger, someone else in danger, need to help them, aid. The dragon was being keyed up by John’s worry, his own worry for his rider reigniting as John waited for the damn screen to load.
“Well I wouldn’t wear them personally,” John said with a laugh, “but I must admit you certainly caught my eye.”
Hyperion moved away once she was gone. A small snort in the direction of the door and a possessive streak across the bond telling John that Hyperion disliked the woman making John feel embarrassed so soon after his recent panicky outburst.
“Shut up!” John bit out, eyes flicking to Damir quickly before adding, “sir.” This man was striking nerves still raw.
John nodded, giving her a ‘yes please,’ and she left. It was not long before a somewhat familiar face came striding down the hall.
“Join an Aerie,” Sherlock replied simply.
The dragon in the picture did look a lot like Hyperion once John got past the radically different coloring. The crown of horns on the back of his head had differences: example pictures of other Lesser Ridgebacks had an outwards curve to them, whereas Hyperion’s stuck out as straight from his head as arrows. He did have the small ridge of saw-toothed spikes that the book said his breed was named for, nonexistent in the shoulders but very prominent along the rump and midway down his tail. Hyperion’s tail was longer than the depicted ones, too; little things made him unique, most likely from his breeding.
“Well, yeah, of course.”
With that he finally turned his back on man and dragon and walked briskly towards the front door. Outside the car still sat parked on the roundabout. John looked back at the black door and quiet house from the gate. No sounds of dragon wings readying a pursuit, but that did not mean anything; for all he knew he was being given a head start.
“What is this stuff?” he asked.
“Oh and his food. He gets fed tomorrow. Let the attendant show you how its done; he’s getting some medicine with his food, they’ll show you how it all works. And make him drink water! The fountain’s his water bowl, constantly fresh, he needs water like you and me and he forgets to drink enough sometimes like we do too. That about covers it; just have a nice quiet bonding.” Molly gave John a kind smile. She started picking up her things, reaffixing the little pouch at her hip and lifting all her equipment. Lestrade caught the belt when she slung it over her shoulder and nearly overshot it.
It became a bit of a game for a while, John joining Sherlock in his circling and trying to bump each other off course. For such a large fish Sherlock was agile, of course he’d had more practice at being a fish, but John thought being a bit smaller would help him. The different activity did wonders for John’s normally listless mood. It wasn’t much, but at least it got him out of the daydream funk being stuck in the tank had been giving him.
“Well come on John,” Sherlock said for the umpteenth time that evening, looking up to notice John hadn’t followed him the last few steps to their destination.
John was finally put down some time later, and he smiled up at Hyperion, “There, feel a bit better now?” he asked petting along Hyperion’s forearm. Hyperion nodded for him with a meager ‘yes’ through the bond. Even through the painkillers John was sure Hyperion had gotten already he could feel a sharp prickling ache in his good shoulder and a dulled sensation of the slash on his thigh. Both made John worry a little about whether Hyperion had accidentally torn something and he slowly circled around, keeping contact as he went.
“Part of my duties, brother mine,” Mycroft sneered with a sour look on his face.
?” John squawked at him, “This is not ‘displeased,’ Sherlock Holmes, this is far beyond that, there isn’t even a word to describe this I think.” John tried to scrub himself down quickly now that the brothers weren’t there to see him.
Thank you so much Nautilicious for being my beta. Sorry it took so long to get this chapter written and up.
“Some psychotic bitch named Jim Moriarty showed up, along with the two men who attacked us a few weeks ago, and a woman she liked to call Sebbie, right at the same time we transformed. I’m surprised none of your cameras saw them.” John said, hissing as the person at his back pressed a particularly raw area over his shoulder blade where he’d taken the brunt of his fall.
“It was a necessity. He lives here, there are others here as well, and you will see them training eventually. Can’t have you running and hiding at the sight of one in the sky all the time,” Sherlock replied, looking back at John over his shoulder with a small smirk tugging at the side of his mouth.
“We?” Sherlock asked.
Both John and Lestrade waved their goodbyes as she left. Then Lestrade turned to him.
John watched Sherlock’s eyes dart to him and for once John could completely read exactly what was about to come out of his mouth. “Not John--”
“It was rude of him to bring it up,” John replied, noticing that Melinda’s green eye’s had fixated on him now rather than Sherlock. It was unnerving for a moment, John had seen it enough times to know what was happening, she was quietly judging him, nearly all dragons seemed to do it. A new human had appeared, and she was sizing John up, a quick flick of a glance up at Hyperion and back to John.
“Sherlock, Sherlock!” John shouted, barely managing to claw the gunk free of an ear and eye before the shark man had both of his arms pinned, rough, nearly sandpaper-feeling, hands easily gripping John's slick skin. He dragged him across the concrete floor and into a kneeling position, roughly grabbing the back of his head to force John to look up at the woman he had brought him to.
“Not really, no,” Sherlock replied quietly, and John saw his eyes flick down to his mouth. “I can kiss you again, yes?” He asked, voice rumbling low in the quietness of the flat.
“The box I got in the post, it was from my sister Harry, short for Harriet. The rest was right though,” John nearly regretted correcting him as Sherlock put his hands to his eyes and leaned back in his chair, rubbing his palms into them.
“Hyperion, I really do need to go,” John told him, pushing at the scaly cheek. A flash of hurt and concern. “I’ll be back, I promise, I’ll come and visit every day for as long as I can,” John said, looking up into the huge eye next to him.
“Dinner at the top of the command tower?” John asked.
“We’re going to move the crate over to the wall; you’ll get some cover from the wind and be out of the way over there, and here come some blankets.” Lestrade indicated the person approaching, a woman, who he could now see was carrying a huge armload of blankets.
“Alright,” John rubbed a hand over Sherlock’s cheek “what’s your safeword?” He asked.
“And now I’m questioning why.” John mumbled, “You don’t seem to understand why we worry about you, why I don’t want to find you dead one day because you got reckless. I know there’s a caring part of you somewhere in there, I’ve seen your mind, I’ve buried myself in there. You’ve shown me your mind palace and I am there, so are our friends. But then you do shit like this, don’t listen, don’t try to understand…” John trailed off, he was upsetting himself just by talking; it was word vomit of the worst and most hurtful kind. He knew Sherlock had insecurities about John leaving him, even after all the years they’d been together, and the words that were dribbling out of his human mouth sounded like they could be an admission that John was looking to do so.
The next couple days following their foray into aquatic fucking were wonderful, well as wonderful as being stuck for half the day as a fish could be. Later that same night they’d gotten their food and then proceeded to curl up together to sleep the rest of the night away, only to awaken with a matching pair of hard-ons and the damn watch going off. Sherlock gave John a sly grin and a teasing grope before roaming off towards their tank. John soon learned what a tuna spawning looked like, as Sherlock changed mid-handjob and proceeded to ejaculate as a fish, muscles tensing and propelling him away, leaving John in a pale cloudy mess that the other small fish in the water happily darted through dissipating it. That had been interesting and almost unsettlingly arousing, and John swam to join Sherlock drifting along tiredly near the surface.
“Sally!”
John leaned against Hyperion’s cheek, laying the phone down on the mat. He breathed out a large sigh as he pressed his cheek into what John realized now was the warmth unique to Hyperion, that helped warm him through and felt like home. “Today’s been a long day, Hyperion,” John said again tiredly, as his stomach decided to grumble for food. Now that Lestrade mentioned it, he hadn’t had anything to eat for dinner since the texts from Sherlock had interrupted any plans.
She huffed and leaned towards John, murmuring, “the guy you’re rooming with is a bloody psychopath, he is. Best to keep your door locked at night and keep away from him if you see him.”
Thank you to PipMer for betaing this story for me.
The reaction was instantaneous. Sherlock’s whole form leapt away, slinking over the back of his chair and mashing himself up against the window, stretching up the wall to put distance between Mycroft and his appendages. The spot Mycroft had stabbed had changed color slightly, turning from Sherlock’s normal golden yellow to a dull muddy brown. Lestrade watched as Sherlock’s whole form arched away, irritated spines rising high across his body like a cat, hissing and spitting angrily without all the noise.
John didn’t tell him to stop right away though. Sherlock was flexing and showing his long body for him, but rather than hum in approval, like he had years ago, he sat on the side of the bed and reached out, stroking over his back. John’s fingers traced the scars, knife wounds that left lightening trails of silvery scars across his upper back while small smatterings of cigarette burns made fireworks across his lower. Remnants of months running and being captured and escaping and surviving, while one by one pawns fell before him. John’s finger traced the particularly large bolt of a knife wound down his side,
“I saw it happen, through the window,” Sherlock replied, returning with a biscuit of his own. “You were going towards the park; I saw them take you, but by the time I reached the street they were getting away.”
“I saw the pictures.”
“God! Are you stupid? Punch me, get it over with, I’ve stolen something of yours that you obviously place some value in, having gone to the trouble to carry it around with you. I took it with the intent to use it and destroy it. You don’t own many things; would that be some sort of breaking point for you? Or do I have to break the password on that laptop and go through your search history? I can do that in a matter of moments, I’m certain. I could play something a bit louder tonight, more caterwauling than you can bear, considering your recent interrupted sleep. Just hit me, establish where the lines are so I can go back to working on my own things.” Sherlock’s icey eyes flashed as he ranted.
“I’d say they were all assholes for how they treated you, except for maybe that eleventh one.” John said making Sherlock look at him again.
“I am detaining you for- wuh!” John was suddenly tossed off and found himself pinned with the bigger man straddling him.
Not that he didn’t want to be an open ear for Sherlock, but he didn’t want to inadvertently ruin the beginnings of what they had, whatever it could be categorized as. John felt too close for it to just be friendship, especially when it came to the incidentals around the flat. Sherlock had pecked him on the head two days ago. John wasn’t even sure Sherlock had noticed he’d done it at all as he’d just kept going on out the door, John assumed to go see Bellamy. John simply remembered feeling lips and a nose very quickly pressed into his bed ruffled hair while he read his morning paper. He’d liked it, after the initial confusion of what had just landed on him passed, he’d realized he liked having Sherlock’s affections even if it was purely subconscious.
Molly simply continued to move her hand up Hyperion’s leg until she had to grab a hand-hold on his scales and hoist herself up onto Hyperion’s waist, straddling him on her knees next to the bandages on his hip. She pulled the shears from her belt and proceeded to cut and peel the bandages away. John had never seen Hyperion’s wounds after they’d been bandaged. It was immediately apparent to him that dragons healed much slower than humans did. Where by now John’s wounds were for the most part scabbing or healed over, with the exception of his shoulder, the massive cut looked almost like it had been made a day or so before. The stitches were the only real indicator that work had been done to fix it and even then, just as Lestrade had surmised, a handful of the stitches had broken, allowing the red slash to reopen. The bandages Molly peeled off were discarded by Lestrade as she tossed them away, stuffing them into a large trash bin near he’d found by the workbenches.
“Don’t like seeing you so angry, so stressed,” Sherlock’s mind replied simply giving him another all over squeeze in response to John’s push. “Sorry, love you,” he repeated.
Once the feeding was over Molly calmly approached with the water bowl and towels, and Luke didn’t appear to want to let go of the hatchling as Molly helped clean up the small mess from the shakey feeding.
“Damnit, it’s always something,” Sherlock growled.
“Mrs Hudson! We’ll both be out!” Sherlock called, as he descended into the foyer.
John barked out a laugh. Maybe shouldn’t have been laughing, the sheer number of fish Jim might have had employed as people would mean a massive smelly mess when they couldn’t all be tossed in the water soon enough. But the whole situation, the craziness of it, the happiness that it was all finally over, having Sherlock back safe and sound, left him unable to do anything but giggle hysterically. Sherlock joined him after a moment, the pair leaning against each other as they looked down at the dead fish.
Now he was off. “Where’s the fun in that?” Sherlock said, and all John could do is huff at that offering him a pointed ‘not good’ look. John did follow him though, giving Bellamy a goodbye pat on the nose, it wasn’t until they were out in the hall walking to wherever it was Sherlock had decided to go that John had a thought about the case,
“Dr Watson, you can come out now; there is an Aerie master here to see you,” a familiar crewman’s voice called. John flinched when a hand touched his good shoulder and looked up to see the same kind-faced crewman who had met him before. He uncurled from his position to realize he was shaking and had to be helped up. The man helped lead him towards the door and out into the cool nighttime air. As soon as John’s feet hit solid ground he took in as deep a breath of that air as he could, coughing lightly on the exhale. He was happy to be home and down on the ground.
“I come out here quite often to be with Bellamy, I am her rider after all.” Sherlock reached out finally with the arm that had been wrapped around his knees and scratched at a spot under the very front of her chin.
The place was extraordinarily clean, cool, and for the most part scent-free, the only real smell being no worse than a meat counter in a grocers. Carts and bins of varying sizes sat waiting near the front to be picked up and loaded for feeding, at the time they were visiting it wasn’t particularly busy, only a few people in picking up smaller containers. The cleanliness made sense though; Sally had said that anything leftover was clean enough to use for the human meals. Lestrade did say that it did get a little on the messy side when they were truly busy on feeding days; with so many people coming and going with cartloads of raw meat, there were bound to be at least a few bloody bootprints and trails.
John pushed against his slick hole and groaned as the head popped in, the rest of his girth sliding easily in one hard thrust. Sherlock felt every inch of John pushing in and his breath caught, the rough motion pushing him over the edge. John became a burly sweaty guard, huge cock pistoning into him as one hand dug finger shaped bruises into one hip and the other crushed his face into the disgusting mat in his cell.
John grabbed his hair and groaned a miserable noise, “Shit.”
“Sure, oh and Sherlock, Dimmock still wants you to fill out the paperwork for him on this whole situation,” he called knowing Sherlock was there with John even though the other rider had so far been for the most part silent. John heard Sherlock give off another grumble.
John huffed a laugh, "arse," he replied bumping him back with and elbow to the waist.
“You can even have some fun with him if you want in the meantime, just don’t kill him yet,” the woman said, bringing John’s focus back to the humans talking above him. Oh god, John had read the stories, he lived with Sherlock for christ’s sake he’d been to crime scenes that involved the murders of other Mollisians. It wasn’t an easy sight to see no matter which species it was in the role of victim. He’d seen photos Sherlock brought home from cases that involved members of their species being tortured, had seen the results first hand, witnessed survivors cowering in makeshift containers so close to projecting fear that even the lightest comforting touch made John wish for a human stomach to purge, if anything to get the horrific feeling out.
,” John said, mental voice calm and quiet as he settled Sherlock onto the bed and followed him, John crawling over Sherlock to get to his side. John stretched his form and spooned around Sherlock, like a red candy coating over a honey drop. And then he let the more negative emotions flow, breaking the dam that held them in check. He let Sherlock see the sheer level of worry John had for him, his high protective streak that he was sure Sherlock knew about but could always use reminding of, the upset that came at thoughts of what could happen to Sherlock, and finally the anger at Sherlock for recklessly endangering himself and putting himself into situations without John where John couldn’t rescue him.
“For the time being, yes. They do not make tanks to accommodate large tuna fish just anywhere and I would rather not have to scrape your flailing carcass off the London streets when you turn again in the morning. So here you will stay until my brother can solve the mystery of your transformations.” Mycroft’s eyes shifted to Sherlock, who had come to stand next to John just as naked as before. When John looked back Mycroft was gone, the slow pneumatic closing of the door the only indicator that the man had been standing there at all.
His website wasn’t flashy mostly it contained analytical blog posts about various chemical experiments he’d performed. Interesting stuff, but you’d never know he was a dragon rider by it until you got to the comments and the small snippets of cases that poked through.
Also, John hadn’t seen Sherlock solve a single case in weeks; if he was doing them at all it was on his phone or laptop and he was being incredibly quiet about it. Outside of the odd violin playing in the night and sometimes when John was reading or Sherlock fiddling with one of his frankly disgusting experiments on the kitchen table, Sherlock hadn’t gotten up to much at all really since his sentencing and subsequent quiet spell.
“Mmm, John,” He moaned almost pitifully, sounding incredibly tired, like it took all his remaining energy just to think.
John felt a sinking feeling in his gut. To go from army doctor and the frenzy of the battlefields to what sounded very much like mailroom duty only with dragons was a bit of a depressing progression. Lestrade seemed to notice John’s deflated attitude and quickly added, “but don’t worry we get our share of excitement; why just last month we had a crate come through carrying a whole nest of smuggled Hummer eggs and a couple had hatched en route.” Lestrade grinned at the memory, but for John that only opened more questions, what on earth were Hummer eggs? Surely they weren’t related to the massive vehicles… John noticed Lestrade’s grin fading when he didn’t react to the story. The Master coughed lightly, changing the subject.
“Huh?” Sherlock sat up, abruptly taking away John’s leaning support and causing his head to flump down into Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock looked lazily down at him, eyelids at half mast, small goofy smile on his face, the picture of a contented, and rapidly approaching sleepy, drunk.
John thought, folding the map up and looking towards the flat, where he saw a panda car parked.
“Love you too,” Sherlock replied, sluggishly nudging back.
“He’s a sniper!” John blurted out, harmless was hardly a word that sprang to John’s mind any time he saw Moran or Shaw, “and a stealth rider, landing in the night silent as a breeze, able to kill a camp in their sleep before they know what’s hit them, that sounds harmless to you?”
“Sherlock?” John reached over and nudged him, and he finally blinked and looked over at John.
“Right, these words exactly: ‘What happened? I must have blacked out. Twenty-Two Northumberland Street. Meet me there.’” Sherlock rattled off as he pulled something that wasn’t egg shell out of the bottom of the case, a folded shirt of some kind, followed by a few more sodden folded articles of clothes and what looked like a small toiletries case.
“Of course I do,” John replied pressing up into Sherlock’s embrace.
“It wasn’t all just about falling off a roof and hiding for a couple years,” he continued, bringing his hand up to hold the back of John’s head, keeping his forehead pressed to one pale shoulder while he just breathed John in for a moment.
John however did hear a shifting motion outside and looked back out at the open doorway to see a mound appearing out of the sand. Mossy colored scales slithered out, sand pouring off of spines like water, and John’s eyes widened at the large occupant they had disturbed.
“Greg, it’s John, Sherlock said to have that mystery phone on hand, I think he thinks we’re about to get another call on it.”
“Sherlock, if you woke Molly up texting her about this whole bathing business--”
“Go on Hyperion, I think you can get in now, right?” John said, looking to one of the nearby workers for confirmation.
“Ah, there’s Dr Hooper now!” Lestrade said, standing again.
“Because Moran is essentially harmless.”
“You said yourself, I am not a well-liked individual. While I do not expect you to wish me harm yet, I expect lesser behavior from my peers,” Sherlock said quietly, John’s eyebrows rose at the admission.
he thought, remembering that the detective shared an even stronger bond with her than John had at the moment with Hyperion, strange as he was, a proper rider with decades of experience.
“Look out then, will you? The sooner I can get in the better,” Sherlock replied, making a small shooing motion at John with his hand. John believed him for about a second, long enough to begin to turn back towards the hallway before he heard the tiny clink behind him. He spun back to Sherlock to see the mad rider kneeling next to the access door with a fold-away tool kit laid out next to him.
“I think sitting will work for today, and with that arm I think it’s better you just let me feed him this time. You can give him some of the smaller pieces if you feel up to it.” He scratched his beard stubble thoughtfully, with a concerned tilt to his brows.
“John,” Tom said, picking up John’s cane from where it had fallen. “Take a few breaths, try to calm yourself.” He propped the now dirtied cane next to John.
“You had a large box of possessions come in the post from her home. Fabric picks up scents, nearly all of your clothes smelled of her, especially if they’re something she borrowed and wore like your jacket. You’re both roughly the same height I assume. She borrowed it often to use while she was out riding her bicycle and I know that because if you look at the wrists there’s evidence of her maintaining it, there’s a faint pattern on the sleeves indicating that she uses an old toothbrush to clean the chain before lubricating it and there are stains from that as well. She’s not poor, that is obvious by the fact that in a fit of alcohol fueled packing she tossed a laptop and a phone into your box, so why would she wear your old jacket when she could buy a new one unless it was for sentimental reasons?” Sherlock continued his ramble, pointing out how he knew anything at all about Harry. It was, as always, impressive how much Sherlock could deduce. But one odd thought sprung out from the whirl that had cropped up now that Sherlock had started.
“Come, come on Sherlock you wanted a walk right?” John said, gradually getting to his feet and standing above him. Sherlock’s head slowly tilted forward again.
“Down,” John prompted tugging at scales again to get his head down. “Down. She’s not doing anything you need to see, just lie still, focus on me and she’ll be gone before you know it,” he calmly told the tensed dragon. Hyperion grudgingly put his head back down, eye still shifted back trying to watch Molly.
John watched Sherlock as he pushed, one long smooth thrust, lube doing its job fantastically. Sherlock stilled at the initial breach, John saw his chest stop as he held his breath and brought a hand up to stroke Sherlock’s breastbone. “Breathe,” he said quietly with a little smirk, even as the furnace that was Sherlock’s body seemed to pull him in deeper to the hilt. Sherlock let in one long breath and let it out with a content sigh, seeming to relax even further into the pillows with that one exhalation.
“As children we used to think he was Santa,” Sherlock said quietly, sounding a little bashful at admitting that he had once been so childish to believe in Santa.
John went to the terrified rider, casting his med pack on the sand nearby.
“No, no, don’t. I’m okay Hyperion,” he said, as the nose pushed him a bit across the sand. Feelings of happiness at his statement fluttered across the bond as the dragon rose to sit back on his haunches, freeing the use of his forearms. John attempted to sit up and return to his feet but found himself stuck like an overturned turtle as his good hand slipped out from under him in the sand. A large talon reached out and carefully scooped John up. The paw, shaped similarly to a hand, let the sand run away and left John lying in its soft-scaled grip. John settled back onto his feet, the giant paw a wall behind him to lean on as he gained his balance.
“You mean it wasn’t random?” Sherlock’s face broke into a smug grin as he looked to John out of the corner of his eye.“What?”
It was late in the night when John, roused from his fragmented sleep to use the tiny loo, received a call over the radio that they were about to begin their descent into London Aerie.
As they proceeded on their way to the veterinary labs though John definitely heard a quiet, “Thank you,” from the tall rider ahead of him.
John didn’t look back once he reached Hyperion’s doors. He stepped in and was met right away by Hyperion’s nose. Said dragon had been waiting for him sitting next to the door, aware that his rider was coming and they’d be going outside soon. But Hyperion was also aware of the tiff John and Sherlock had had out in the hallway, so close in proximity. John had never really done much in the way of shielding Hyperion from his own thoughts or cutting him off, and so Hyperion, if he fancied, could pick up on John’s thoughts and emotions easily, something that John had become aware of that had been lacking in his bond with Victor.
looking at the windows, and insinuated himself into the curl of the dragon’s body.
“I know you were scared for me, but have you hurt yourself?” John asked, looking up at the dark scabby stitches on his hind leg first. Nothing appeared to be oozing out and he couldn’t see any stitches broken. Hyperion responded with a simple ‘no’ but followed it with ‘sore achey’. As John came back around to his shoulder and found nothing but large ugly scabs and stitching there as well John understood, Hyperion had just exerted himself more than he had in a long time; He hadn’t done anything drastic, just worn himself out.
John heard Sherlock sigh above him and chose to ignore it, he knew they were blocking traffic somewhat, stopping in the middle of the hall, but the issues in his and his dragon’s mind seemed important enough to not care about the others around him.
It wasn’t like they were sitting in on learning maths or English all over again, all of the classes they were scheduled for were in Draconic Studies. John scribbled down notes, fascinated by what he was learning, while Sherlock sat next to him and either looked overwhelmingly bored or fiddled with his phone, seemingly oblivious to whatever was being said.
John looked up at the door and down the hall, seeing banners hung at regular intervals between doors both open and shut all bearing the same crest: a blue shield with a silver caduceus, above the shield reared a silver dragon, and below it was an inscription reading ‘
“All of London is to the east of the Aerie, we need a name.”
“Permanent. Once a dragon bonds to a rider their bond with that dragon will last as long as the rider lives. The only way that bond will break is if the dragon dies before you do. As you have experienced firsthand, if the rider dies first the dragon can re-bond with another person. You are an incredibly special case truth be told, usually re-bondings only happen at the Aeries when the riders die of old age or sickness. Field bonding is almost unheard of,” she said, still sounding like that might be bad in some way.
“You want to know anything about dragons, it’s probably in here somewhere. We’ve got regular civilian stuff too, of course, but we boast one of the largest collections of draconic literature in Europe.” John caught a thinly-veiled note of pride in Lestrade’s voice as he continued onwards.
“I do,” Sherlock replied shortly.
“That’s… oddly romantic,” John said, the gruesomeness of using another creatures heart for such a romantic moment was what made it feel a little strange. They were butchers, however, so it did make some sense. And hearts were generally seen as symbols of romance, even though they weren’t usually anatomically correct ones. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand lightly. “Either way, the Aerie talks, and their talking doesn’t mean a whit to me. They’ve been warning me away from you since day one and yet here I am,” John squeezed Sherlock’s hand in his emphasizing that he was there with Sherlock and wasn’t going anywhere.
“No! It’s actually pretty fun if you let it, a little messy maybe, but hey, a little bull blood never hurt anyone, just don’t wear your good riding gear or anything while you’re feeding him.” He chuckled. “Now, I’m Thomas, most everyone just calls me Tom ‘round here. I’m one of the feeding assistants for Master Lestrade’s division, so, unless you decide to take over all Hyperion’s feedings like Victor’d do, you’ll be seeing me or one of my mates around every few days or so. Glad to meet you.” He extended a hand to shake.
“That’s all of it, all moved in,” Sally told him, her voice friendly enough, but her face saying she’d rather not stick around as she looked around at the state of the place.
“Anything else?” John asked, hoping for something better but not expecting much.
“You’ve set fire to the Aerie haven’t you?”
Hyperion seemed very interested in Sherlock. John could feel through the bond all of his curiosity when it came to the other rider he’d rarely seen before. It felt a little strange how much Hyperion seemed to enjoy the way Sherlock smelled, scenting the rider with his tongue whenever he walked through the door.
“Gotta keep him drugged though,” the weaselly man said, when he saw John’s flicker of movement. “It's not like he can get out of the bag, but still rather not have this one being fighty.”
John looked to the knocked out shark man on the floor, the gills on his neck still on display.
“There is one upstairs if you feel you need it,” Sherlock said as he pulled off his coat and hung it on the back of the door.
None came, true to their word: after a long and slow descent, John began to see the lights of the city glowing through the windows. When the shaking began, it went much shorter. John was so overjoyed to be on the ground again he could have wept. The jerky movements subsided with four massive thudding sounds when the carrier’s giant paws hit the ground.
“Oh… Can you tell me where we are going, Anthea?” he asked as the car passed quietly along the road of flats that made up the division’s living quarters .
Sholto had the other huge contingent in the Aerie, the military flights. Lestrade said the reason that area was so quiet was because of how many occupants were out at the wars. Most of the residents that were home had been injured and sent back, and were now waiting their turn to get called out, or were home for mating and nesting purposes. Which John had all sorts of questions about but decided against asking them; he’d learn about all of the nuances in due time.
The pair of them looked like an art piece, there in the middle of their massive soft futon of a bed. A man carved from living carnelian being engulfed in a field of golden amber vines, like an erotic Klimt painting come to life. On the inside though, John got to be a part of the beautiful moment when Sherlock fell to pieces. Sherlock’s arousal spiked and his mind frantically skittered against John’s, a litany of profanity spilling out alongside his mate’s name.
A bear of a man greeted them with a smile. “Hello! Welcome to Kandahar Aerie. I am Master Omar. What brings you boys down to the airfield today?” He asked, towering over John by well over a foot.
Sherlock let out a exasperated sigh, “I told you this morning, and seeing me in riding gear should have reinforced that memory in your mind.”
“I wouldn’t know if this sponsor had a name, you shot him before I could get it. He said ‘muh’ and died. I have an ‘M’ but that is hardly anything to go on considering the vast number of people with that letter in their names in the world’s Aeries, and taking into account the possibility of aliases and the fact that he might not have even be telling me the name at all!” Sherlock sounded extremely frustrated and John, pinned by Sherlock’s accusing glare, tried not to feel responsible for that frustration.
“Oh god,” John said quietly, “Sherlock, what do we do?” he asked, unable to rip his eyes away from the pitiful sight of the abandoned hatchling. Bellamy was breathing over it, keeping the poor thing warm in the cold shadows of an already cool day. Sherlock snapped out of his own slackjawed shock. “John I need you over here. Now.” He said, his voice quiet but deadly serious. “There are some blankets in that case with it, I’m going to need your help holding it while we get it wrapped up.” He spoke while John found the latch for the gate, being unable to just jump the fence and join him. They both approached the mess, Sherlock grabbing the case to move it. John hesitated in touching the hatchling though.
“Hello there, couldn’t help but notice you seemed a bit frazzled,” he said calmly, in a familiar manner that reminded John of what he used with new patients. “I’m Mike Stamford, I work with Molly over in the veterinary wing, good to meet you,” he had peeled off the gloves he’d been wearing while patching up Sherlock and offered a clean hand to shake. John took the offered hand with a quiet ‘hello’.
John’s only other visitor for the day, beyond the kitchen staff and his therapist, was Tom, who came around noon carrying a big sealed box. With not much fanfare he fed Hyperion his daily painkillers with some chickens, and washed his hands.
Lestrade was pacing when they entered, looking like he’d been raking his hand through his hair nervously as he held a phone to his ear.
The last thing he remembered before dozing off was Sherlock reaching out across him to tug at the lamp cord and draw them even further into darkness. He resettled and wrapped an arm around John’s waist again, kissing into his hair one more time, and John finally slept.
“That’s a no then, good to know,” John said still smiling. It was only a matter of time before he found Sherlock at his shoulder peering at the laptop screen.
Henry’s section came next, his division taking up a portion of the Aerie only a little bigger than Lestrade’s on the southeastern side. Lots of warehouse type structures took up his division. Most of the dragons John saw in the area were shorter, broader species that looked very different compared to any of the others he’d seen, musclebound and bulky, if any were flying it was on smaller rapidly flapping wings. They were pulling and hauling huge loads of things from the airfield on one side and a wide bank of loading docks on the other.
“Of course you can. Here’s the first meal, be gentle, its a little frail at the moment,” she replied laying the container of food in Luke’s arms. He gave her a nervous smile before proceeding through the door. John joined Molly and Henry in watching the proceedings from the doorway. Luke saw the hatchling and gasped, looking back at them quickly, with a look on his face John could only describe as disbelief, before facing forward again and nearly tripping over himself in his attempt to walk tall and collected, but quickly toward his dragon.
John started to hum instead, keeping his arm locked with Sherlock’s in case he decided to make good on the threat of leaving him behind. Sherlock remained however, even as John quietly hummed
The doorbell rang, causing them both to look in the direction of the stairs. When Sherlock didn’t move to get up John did, only to have Mrs Hudson call up the stairs, “I’ve got it boys,” the moment he hit the top step.
Sebbie appeared from beyond John’s field of view, still half undressed but seeming to not care as she offered the old book to Jim. “Stand him up for me dear if you would?” Jim asked and Sebbie did so, grabbing Sherlock and lifting him from the ground like he was just a sack of flour. Sherlock’s calm thinking mask was back in place for the most part, as he stood naked before Jim, arms still bound behind his back. John wasn’t fooled by it though. He could see in Sherlock’s eyes the way they kept darting down to look at him that Sherlock was panicking inside, that big brain trying to figure a way out of this if not for him, for John.
“You need the practice,” Sherlock said after a moment, as though he had to honestly think of a reason he’d want John along on such a not so adventurous venture.
“Hmm?” What John could see of his face looked a little confused at the outburst.
They landed at the central airfield, touching down with a soft whump into the grass. John was pressed down as close to their mount as possible, eyes squeezed shut, breathing hard, as he hung onto Anthea’s belt with his good arm and made an attempt at gripping a handful of saddle padding with the other. Once they’d landed Anthea turned to him with a light ‘hmph,’eyebrows raised. He released his grip with a small apology and she unclipped his tether, allowing him to carefully slide off to the ground in the most calm dismount he’d had all day.
The decision was completely taken out of his control quite quickly. He heard the pop of a silenced gun in the darkness and suddenly felt a very keen sting pierce his skin. John only had a moment to panic, pulling the barbed dart from his body with a very concentrated bite of pain, before whatever the device was loaded with started to kick in.
Sherlock gave John a soft hug in reply as he began to shift towards the door and out into the parking garage where an ambulance sat along with a handful of police cars all with only headlights left on to light the area. Sherlock carefully climbed into the back of the ambulance, the paramedics standing by to help if necessary. John was nearly bowled over by his own love for his mate in those moments, how gentle and careful Sherlock was being, extremely conscious of John’s condition.
“What happens now?” John asked, not entirely sure what else to say. He still couldn’t believe he wasn’t getting sacked for missing a meeting or talking back to a Master.
When John awoke again the world felt fuzzy, no pain, no bright lights, just softness and the very quiet murmur of voices nearby. He blinked, trying to shift; his head felt full of fluff and his eyelids felt glued together. He opened his mouth to try to speak, to call for someone, but his throat was dry and all that came out were a few light parched coughs. He ached more the further he rose out of slumber. The muffled voices had stopped. There was a very dim warm-colored glow everywhere he could see, until suddenly the curtain rattled out of the way to reveal a brief, blinding, flash of light before being pushed back into place by a visitor. A light was turned on low nearby, illuminating a person wearing camouflage colored clothes and a red plus sign on their arm.
The first video was indeed of Sherlock talking to Dimmock, dated the previous year. Whoever had taken the video was trying to be sneaky about it, poking a camera of a phone around the corner to catch Sherlock in mid-deduction. Even with the somewhat shaky quality, the audio was fairly clear and John got to listen to Sherlock’s lovely baritone ramble on for a few minutes as he explained who had killed the victim and specifically how. A muffled voice interrupted a little with fannish exclamations of ‘how cool is this? I found him!’ before there was a sharp startled gasp and something of a frightened giggle as the camera jerked away from the detective to look up at Bellamy. She’d stepped into sight from around the corner of the alleyway, moving as gracefully as ever to where Sherlock stood. A couple of police officers backed up as she approached. ‘She’s fuckin’ beautiful, guys,’ the cameraman whispered into the microphone. John watched as Sherlock turned and quickly marched away from Dimmock, swinging himself up into Bellamy’s saddle. She took to the air with a graceful twist and the camera managed to catch the sun glinting slightly off of her scales before she swept from view over the edge of a rooftop.
“You must be the new rider, going by the fact that you’ve just come from upstairs. I did hear you coming, the third step up creaks, not to mention the cane, you really are rather unsubtle. Hyperion’s enclosure has been occupied for the last five days and you’ve got quite a tan, stationed in the desert most likely--” a long fingered hand indicated the gap in John’s robe, revealing the tanning still present even after weeks indoors and under the cover of Hyperion’s enclosure.
“There’ve been a number of animals gone missing here, the curious part is that sometimes they come back. That turtle above us disappeared for a month, only to reappear completely unharmed. Others never return, two of their sharks have permanently gone missing along with a sea turtle that wasn’t on display, a Napoleon fish, a red tail catfish, and a stingray. All very large specimens. I was called in by a client who works here to try and find where the fish were going.” Sherlock looked up at the stingray gliding along the glass above. John watched his whole face scrunch like he was trying to remember something with all his might, his nose crinkled, his forehead creased, his lips thinned.
“Okay, now we just move over to your mat and get you nice and comfy,” John said with a smile, grabbing his cane and hobbling over to give Hyperion’s forearm a rub. Another sigh came as Hyperion looked over at the mat and John felt his reluctance at getting up and actually walking all the way over to it.
Sherlock was on him in an instant. “What’s wrong?” he asked even as he seemed to list to the side himself.
“Well, of course I would, but I’m fine with this too,” John replied, squeezing his arms slightly around Sherlock’s chest from where he had taken the big spoon position. There was a moment of quiet while John considered what exactly he would like to do with Sherlock. “It’s not like we have all the things we’d need anyway,” John reasoned with a small snicker. Sherlock just hummed a reply and continued to trace his fingers over John’s knuckles.
“Mm, yes,” Sherlock agreed leaning his head on John’s with a sigh.
But this time the position wasn’t quite working for John; he couldn’t get the angle he wanted, all the aches of the day felt like they were catching up to him again, and his knees were beginning to burn. It wasn’t long before John was disengaging, Sherlock letting out a unhappy groan.
“John, please, and yes, tea would be wonderful, thank you,” John replied returning to the living room just as he saw Sally lugging his last box up the stairs. She came back before Mrs Hudson did.
Luke sat the case down and popped the lid, the hatchling’s eyes snapped open as well, tongue flicking out minimally for the first time without coaxing. The box contained a mix of really well cut up raw chicken and red meat it looked like, and the hatchling wanted it. It tried to lift its own head slowly from the mat towards Luke, who held the first small chunk of red.
“Tea?” John asked, tea being his default answer to any tense situation. He slipped into the kitchen and set about making some, feeling the need to busy his hands. His eyes settled on the jar of finger bones on the countertop, glazing over a bit as he thought about how Sherlock had handled that hatchling with such care, had swaddled the helpless thing expertly; he’d known exactly what it was and how to deal with it.
“Not all of them, those were experiments to see if you were interested.”
A part of John’s heart clenched at the addition. Sherlock had taken Bellamy because he knew a dragon could never and would never leave its bonded rider, no matter what his future held he’d at least have her. “But how?” John asked quietly, almost more to himself than anything, wondering how he’d managed to get her.
He tried at striking up conversation as she started helping him get the shoes on.
“Shedding. Water helps you shed,” John realized, once he got past the eerie feeling that brought to mind the sensation of large area of skin peeling off after a sunburn. A physical nod and a yes in his mind and John moved closer to the nose resting against the edge of the fountain’s bowl.
John took in a deep breath that caught in his throat and did little to ease the terrified feeling in his chest, but sighed it out nonetheless.
“For someone who seems a bit on the wary side of getting pranked, you were thinking awfully deeply in a public place.” John looked around to see if any of the other people around had noticed, but there was no one; the area sat even more emptied than it had been when they arrived.
“Yes, but--” She pulled up a cord from the side of her saddle and without any concern for personal space grabbed John’s belt and hooked onto it.
John realized then how strange they must have looked, Sherlock sprawled on his front with John straddling him and pinning him down from behind.
“There, now let’s go,” he said stepping out of Sherlock’s way and letting him pass. For a brief second Sherlock looked a smidge surprised by John letting him have the bag, then the mask came back with a sniff and Sherlock walked by.
The noises from the people began to die eventually, the kids banging on the glass stopped and he continued to drift. Until the dark tuna came back and started pushing him again. When the slightly bigger fish pushed him out of his hiding spot John became more aware of his limbs. A sharp stabbing pain made him curl in on himself and instead of the bow of a tail he could actually curl in on himself, his arms and legs were back! He was completely naked and human again and breathing. He brought a hand to his neck, the slices of gills on either side of his throat opened and closed, still filtering away.
“He’ll be alright, and he can come right back tomorrow,” Sally said as John stood and hopped down from the mattress. Hyperion lunged forward in front of them, blocking with his neck and curling around the both of them; the calm John sent him getting overpowered by a level of distress John hadn’t felt since the initial flare when the bond began out in the scrub and sand.
“Wait, how did you figure out it came from one of these Shy Death things in the first place?” John asked.
“Sure thing, Sherlock,” he replied picking up his own meal and digging in alongside him.
“My brother does not have anyone currently beyond his dragon, the closest human relationship he has, beyond being family members with myself, is the one he has with Anthea who has been his confidant for years. If you really must know more about him ask her. Mycroft is a person who values privacy and wishes his personal life to remain such.” Sherlock stashed his mat under the sofa as per usual before turning back to John, “On that note, the last thing I’d rather talk about at this moment would be Mycroft’s romantic leanings.” He fixed John with a pointed stare, eyebrow raised with a small huff reading ‘you just said I don’t have to talk if I don’t want to’.
A taloned paw suddenly wrapped around him, scooping him off the ground easily, and it was in that moment John understood what he’d done: he’d just assaulted a rider in front of his dragon. He had seen Hyperion kill someone for that out on the battlefield. But rather than find himself being crushed or punctured by claws or teeth clamping around his head, he was pressed into Bellamy’s chest, paw pinning him against warmth and a loud healthy heartbeat. It wasn’t Hyperion, the heat wasn’t the same, the heartbeat even sounded slightly different, but she held him there all the same; she was hugging him like Hyperion had back at Kandahar. As she held him there he felt himself relaxing a bit; the familiar feel of belly scales against his cheek and a calming beat pumping away in his ears helped calm him and in turn calm Hyperion from afar.
John took the bag. “Thank you,” he said quietly, still not moving from his place in front of Mycroft, who continued to fiddle with that damn phone. A still angry part of him wanted to smash the phone and demand Mycroft talk.
“We’re going out flying. Bellamy needs her exercise and you’ve been procrastinating all day,”
“Bellamy seems to like her small jungle.”
The room looked like a veritable jungle compared to Hyperion’s, plants and trees in pots and planters everywhere, great bushy greenery and flowers and rubbing trees like Hyperion’s. The furnishings were similar to Hyperion’s, a large mat at the opposite end of the room, cabinets and workbenches in alcoves. In the center of the jungle though, in a dug-out hole in the sand, lay a beautiful silver creature. From nose to tail the sleek dragon was a gorgeous silver, not a perfect mirror chrome, nowhere close, but its scales shone in the natural light of the open ceiling. The silver reflected the bright blue of the sky and the green of the plants, casting it in a somewhat warped powdery blue and dark green shade along its back. It was smaller than Hyperion, but only slightly; what it lacked in leg height it made up for in length and span as John watched it uncurl and stand in a graceful fluid motion, stretching out long white-silver webbed wings and pulling them back in in a quick snapping motion. Poor Hyperion was a clunky mess compared to the elegance this creature exuded. It had a long face similar to Hyperion’s, but jutting from its head, instead of the crown of horns Hyperion boasted, it had a pair of long ivory white horns curving upwards. A smooth area continued down its neck between them, and spines of smaller white thorns protruded below them along its jaw, creating almost a fan of white horns on either side. Its eyes were blue, a bright blue that faded to a lighter shade around the pupil.
“You really are just worried? You’re not --” He stopped, realizing that he couldn’t just blurt out that he’d suspected the bloody
“You will teach me more about this bond we share, right?” John asked, “no more surprises like the bit with my leg.”
“Hmm?” John hummed in reply.
“Angelo is always attempting to feed me more than is strictly necessary, especially if he’s been listening to the Aerie gossip lately.” He peeled the lid off the soup, prodding a chunk of carrot.
“Shhh, John, calm, focus on calm,”John could hear the desperate tone to Sherlock’s mental voice, like Sherlock just wanted to completely curl around John’s mind and never ever leave as well. The soft words of his mate in his mind helped to ground him fractionally. It still took much of John’s energy just to focus on Sherlock through the drug, but it was energy he would gladly expend to distract from the fresh pain of the cuts. If he let his mind drift to focus on the shallow slices he could feel the panic rising again as his addled mind felt like the cuts were deeper, that his innards should be spilling out even though they weren’t.
“You say that like you’ve seen it happen,” John looked up at Sherlock who had decided he was going to stop right at John’s knees, towering over him casting a shadow as he eclipsed the tall window behind him.
The sensuous rutting continued like that for long minutes, Sherlock resting his forehead against John’s as their breath began to warm the air between them. John saw those pale blue eyes hooded and watching, watching what was happening between them, the bulges of their clothed erections pushing against one another, the rise and fall of their stomachs and chests as they panted for breath.
“John! John!” John heard faintly squealing from the pocket where he’d stuffed his mobile, apparently failing to turn the call with Lestrade off. He picked it up. The college was quiet, basically abandoned in the late evening.
“Ah,” she replied, sitting down on the edge of the bed.
“He’s been drugged, not sure what with, not deadly, psychoactive, paralytic...” Sherlock replied quietly, trailing off, barely forming a mouth to speak at all. John could tell the detective’s mind was not on figuring out what John had been drugged with, just that it wanted John comforted and safe. The genius analytical side would come later, once John was okay.
“You smoke?”
“Smell something interesting?” John asked, chuckling at the hot forked tongue testing. John realized,
“Try to keep it short,” she said as John dialed the number.
“Molly, did you see where Sherlock went?” he asked, poking his head into her office just inside the doors. She was sitting behind a computer typing away, looking up at John’s question.
“You don’t fly well, do you?” she asked after a tense moment of silence, smirking at him while he nervously petted Hyperion’s cheek, stroking over the soft scales beneath his eye.
John didn’t know what to do, leave would be the best option but now that he was there with his hand paused over the faucet handle he didn’t know if any further movement would signal his presence. He turned his head to where the noise was coming from, a shower stall, three white tiled walls and a shower head above; somewhere in the line of open stalls the pair were getting louder, one more so than the other.
John could see a woman with long grey hair marching out across the sands towards the dragon with her arms up, reaching for the long prickly face in a comforting gesture. Meanwhile Sally rounded the corner and was suddenly blocking all view of the pair, a furious look on her face as she zeroed in on Sherlock. He did not back away in the slightest.
” Sherlock snapped, “A beating implies there was more than one hit and I was the passive party. He would punch me and then we’d fight; I can and will defend myself.” Sherlock made his point as though the fact that his flatmate used to, apparently at random, decide to antagonize and start fights with him was a perfectly normal thing.
“Wow. That’s not the normal response to his stunts... course I guess usually he’s pulling it with younger riders.” That certainly wasn’t the response John was expecting.
It was much brighter in the room; the curtains previously drawn around his bed had been pulled back so now he could see the rest of the ward. It was just John and a couple other patients in at the moment, the others bandaged six ways to Sunday, with limbs in casts, covered in wires and monitoring equipment similar to what was strewn across his chest. He gave the nurse a small smile and she hit the button to raise the head of the bed and help him sit up.
“You’ve still got a spare belt yeah?” John asked.
“Just because you never had any desire to go near a dragon and want to fly doesn’t mean others don’t,” Sherlock said with a hard roll of his eyes and a massive sigh, unfolding his legs and sprawling in his chair like a handsome, lanky spider. “What parent puts their child into boarding school?”
“What’s that mean?” John asked curiously. Sherlock was acting oddly, at least more than normal. The man didn’t do vulnerable, not since the whole talk about the abusive roommates he’d gone through weeks ago. Sherlock stayed aloof and stiff and masked very well, hints of something softer under the armor slipped through when he didn’t think John was watching or when surprised, but otherwise Sherlock was his usual unapproachable, somewhat rude self.
“Yes, that.” Sherlock’s face was deadpan, nearly a frown as he broke eye contact. “You are not like the others,” he muttered eyes flicking to John again after a moment.
“I mean about you,” John replied, watching Sherlock’s eyes for that shine of understanding, “I just said something that made you uncomfortable. I just wanted you to know, it’s fine, we can talk about it if you want to.” The light appeared as Sherlock cottoned to what John was saying.
“We can always just make do for now and we’ll get there when the time comes. Hyperion’s got to fly again first,” John said softly, and for once the idea of flying didn’t trigger the twinge of anxiety that it usually did, rather a note of dread for a whole different reason, what if he flew and the Masters decided he should be elsewhere?
John startled away when he felt Sherlock’s skin in extremely close proximity to his. The long snaking tentacle Sherlock had become had stopped making its lashing motions around John and had carefully come closer to touching him, still shaking like a leaf. John got a faint whisper of Sherlock’s thoughts, an unexpectedly soft, “John?”
Moments later, after slipping into a worn grey shirt, Sherlock was indeed at his shoulder. “What on earth are you working on now?” He asked, as he usually did when he appeared there, sounding like he was annoyed by what John was doing to cover the curiosity that was actually there.
“Will you be needing the spare room upstairs, Dr Watson?” Mrs Hudson asked, a knowing glimmer in her eye.
“Are you hurt at all, do you need help?”
“No, no, this isn’t
It was cold in mid-November, but any riders with larger dragons seemed to be perfectly comfortable in lighter clothing than everyone else. Bellamy’s silvery form appeared, walking gracefully as ever through her open doors. And nearby was Sherlock, looking unfazed by the cooler weather as well, his coat collar turned up not for protection but the sheer style of it it seemed, considering he wasn’t hunkering into his coat for warmth and how dashing he looked with the black wool framing his pale neck.
John caught up to him outside; Bellamy had uncurled herself and stood with her head bent down to Sherlock’s level. He had the pair of disposable gloves held up to her, letting her tongue them with a short-forked tongue, letting her scent them.
“Lovely,” John said out loud, his voice breaking the silence of the room around them even though it was only a quiet, affection laden murmur. He spread his hands out across Sherlock’s surface kneading fingers into Sherlock’s mass and gathering him up in his arms as much as possible.
“Greg, the bond. Can riders feel pain across it? Physical pain, not just him telling me he is in pain,” John asked, shifting his weight to try and alleviate the twinging phantom sting like a slash across his thigh. It felt that if he were to pull down his trousers at that moment he’d find a cut on his leg seeping blood.
John settled on soup and a pack of crackers and ended up eating them at the table in the the living room away from whatever substances were in the lab slash kitchen. Then John went upstairs to survey his bedroom. If either Victor or Sherlock had ever lived there they’d left no evidence of it: the room was bare except for a chair near the one window, a dresser and closet, and a small double bed in nearly military precise blue sheets with a pillow and side table. It all looked very barren compared to the chaotic rooms downstairs. John hadn’t seen the other bedroom, and he frankly wasn’t sure that he wanted to, but if it contained the man that created the mess it probably at least looked somewhat more lived-in than this little room.
They made their way back to their division and their hallway. The walls were further decorated with long rows of colorful lights and the occasional ornament-laden wreath topped with remaining frost and icicles from the previous days wet weather. Thankfully, the Aerie was well equipped to keep the open aired halls scraped free of slush with a thin layer of sand to cover any remaining ice. John watched Sherlock as he led the way back and couldn’t help but notice him acting a little antsy. It seemed like he kept checking if John was still there, looking over his shoulder; Sherlock looked like he was stopping himself from running ahead, Bellamy keeping him in check by staying closer to Hyperion for safety.
John really did want to obey that order, but the combination of lurching wing beats, swirling colors, height, as well as shock setting in, was too much for him and he felt his stomach heave and he vomited before the world went black.
John moved back a bit from the neck to survey the rest of Hyperion, now that the beast no longer seemed to want to snap him in half. When Victor had said Hyperion was brown John had assumed he was a big muddy-looking thing that would be at home in a peat bog. No, Hyperion was lighter than that, sandy-colored and blending into the landscape of the desert. The back of his head had a crown-like adornment of tan spikes; the only other ridges on him were a short row of blunt spines at the crest of his hindquarters going down his tail. Otherwise he was smooth with a long whip-like tail and dagger-like claws. He wore mottled stripes of darker browns across his back, and his belly was white, but his overall coloration was that of sand. And gold, there was gold flecked in his scales, a few pure gold clumps of them smattered throughout his body in small patches. John’s eye’s widened as he looked back towards the great head now turned sideways to stare at him. Gold never went to war; gold was given to royals, people of high status who would never go into battle, to be kept as pets or personal transport at best, even he knew that. Hyperion was not a pure gold dragon the likes a leader would ride, but those few scales meant something important.
“Should I?” he asked, eyes widening as though John had just asked him something life-threateningly important that he hadn’t thought of before.
John bustled through the door after him and was halfway up the stairs when an extremely sharp pain stabbed through his back; he fell on the stairs crying out in agony. He looked up through watering eyes to see a pale figure peering down at him over the railing, naked as the day he was born, again.
That was all he could really do. If Sherlock didn’t want to talk, he wouldn’t, and John wasn’t about to push him for the likely unhappy details. He’d let Sherlock come to him if he wanted to, and that was that.
“Oh? you know about these...” Lestrade asked with another tired sigh, “of course you do. Most of them are fine, some of the smaller ones not so much.” He sounded upset.
“Dahl?”
“You just texted me so that I… Sherlock I was on my way to lunch, I could have been halfway across the Aerie and you could have-”
(See the end of the chapter for
By the time he came out Bellamy was already in the water, Sherlock nowhere to be found. Hyperion sat near the water's edge looking longingly at it. The moment John came out Hyperion’s head turned and John felt Hyperion urging him on through the bond, like a child pulling a parent eagerly towards something they wanted. John smiled and walked to him, no reason to keep his dragon from his bath any longer. A small handful of workers were already around Hyperion, checking him over.
That night he slept in a proper bed again, lovely and soft, and John was quickly asleep, the very dull light from downstairs spilling in through his partially opened bedroom door. John dreamt again that night, the warmth of Hyperion’s scales missing, his dragon not there to defend him from the bad dreams. They started innocuous enough, walking through a field, wind in his hair, calm as can be. John came to a pond and leaned to pick up a stone to skip and his hand came back dripping red, and the dream spun rapidly out of control from there. He looked down at himself and saw the heavy combat gear from the war instead of his civvies, spattered red, the pond not water but blood. The field suddenly wilted and shriveled around him and the blood pool dried away to reveal a mound of corpses, human and dragon alike. As if John’s brain wanted to deal a final blow, as he stumbled back from the pile and fell backwards a great gust of wind caught him and flung him skyward, up into the clouds, and left him to freefall screaming towards the dried up ground again.
“Sherlock,” John called in warning, as Sherlock looked down at the lone shoe and crouched down next to it, “remember, bombs involved, police are supposed to be here.” He kept his distance near the door, glancing out at the sand nervously, expecting for a police officer to come around the corner any moment. The warning did nothing to stop Sherlock from hovering around the shoe curiously, thankfully not touching it, but still getting as close as possible to it with his face and his pocket magnifier. Overall giving the shoe infinitely more attention than a single shoe probably had ever gotten outside of its maker’s hands.
“I know what is said about me around the Aerie,” and he closed the door, effectively ending the conversation. John stood there mulling over whether he should bother him further before deciding against it and going to get his abandoned tea. He dumped out the cold tea and grabbed a small glass of water to take back upstairs, remembering to take his cane with him.
“Oh, no, its not a problem--” Tom replied. He paused. “Just, since you’re bonding, it seemed like a good idea to have you as hands-on as possible, but no one told me you were hurt, too,” Tom explained.
“Holy shit,” John breathed as Hyperion’s emotions flooded into him and John let it happen. It wasn’t like he enjoyed being scared out of his mind and terrified into being ill, if this was an escape route he’d take it. John could feel dirt beneath his feet, Hyperion’s talons, his belly in the grass; he was grounding John, sending up feelings of being steady on the ground even as Bellamy came out of the never ending spiral and soared away.
“Sebbie dear, I need you to carry the other one for me,” Jim said, once the other woman had finished buttoning up her coat again. Sebbie looked down at Jim, the coldness in her eyes melting somewhat.
It was the first hints of noise that startled John out of his panicked stupor. Looking to the glass he could see people moving beyond it, shadows of children and adults pressed up to the glass looking in. For a brief moment John struggled for cover.
“Oh good, you’re here,” Sherlock responded serenely, as though he was absolutely content to be up to his elbows in egg sludge.
John stayed up feeding him calming thoughts and keeping contact. He ended up drifting off against Hyperion’s thumb. John woke with Hyperion’s nose against his belly, warm even breath blowing over him as the dragon finally slept. It was well into the morning, but John didn’t care, as long as the distraught dragon was relaxed and resting.
Dimmock caught his arm before John could do or say anything rash, pulling him aside. “John, do you know who that is?” he asked, leaning in to murmur it into his ear.
Sherlock’s ice blue gaze darted over to stare at John, looking him over. John felt like he was being scanned. After a long awkward silence in which Sherlock just stared, John broke it, worried if he’d offended him somehow. “I mean, you seemed to care...” John started, stumbling awkwardly over his words as one of Sherlock’s eyebrows began to arch. The conversation was rapidly getting a little too personal for John’s liking.
John let out an exasperated groan. “Sherlock,” he grumbled even as he followed. The area beyond was much bigger than the average dragon pit: wall-to-wall sand covered the floor with a small walkway of stone around the edge. Stepping beyond the door felt like stepping into a whole new environment, from the cold weather outside to an almost desert-like warmth and dryness inside. The ceiling was completely covered in white canvas, no holes at the edges for any heat to escape or rain to get in. The entire space was surrounded by a long, continuous balcony of gallery seating. Sherlock walked around the edge underneath to a door in the wall.
“Oh good.” Sherlock said.
“Dr Watson, I presume,” a woman’s voice murmured softly in his ear. John jumped away, spinning to look at her, and was met with a familiar face.
John didn’t care, Hyperion was in a royal panic on the other end of the bond. The dragon now miles and miles away was still perfectly connected. If being in the flat was meant to make sure the bond would hold, then this was the true test; John had been quickly yanked away from being close to Hyperion right across the hall.
“Sherlock, if there’s anything else here-”
John was awakened on Saturday not by an unfamiliar steward knocking at the door with breakfast, but by Sally knocking and calling for him. The sun was already up and lighting the room through the canvas ceiling.
Hyperion settled back onto his cushion in his pit with a very noticeable sigh and John was thankful to see him comfortable again. John gave him a good scratch as he reached out across the bond for one last check if Hyperion was okay. If anything Hyperion pushed back at him, not violently, just a bit of a shove, a sort of
“I didn’t know Sherlock, I’m so sorry,” John told him pressing up against his back and winding his arms around again to hold Sherlock to him. “What did I do to remind you?” he asked, kissing the back of Sherlock’s shoulder.
John was just getting to his half-melted pie when Hyperion snorted, making him look up. Mary was sitting astride his muzzle, leaning to look right into one of his now open eyes.
Then a small syringe appeared in the weaselly man’s hand, brought forth with a bottle from the tool box. And John panicked. His mind screamed
“So, how is this going to work? Would it be better if I got him up on his feet or can he stay sitting down?” Tom stopped some distance away from Hyperion and looked at John appraisingly before looking at the impatiently waiting Hyperion.
“More, Sherlock, more,” John panted, hips moving to meet those talented fingers, with a slightly frustrated groan as those fingers slid away.
“Stupid disobedient prick,” Jim grumbled, turning around and handing the book back to ‘Sebbie’, leaving the discarded clothes by the water. She crouched down next to Sherlock and lifted his head up by his hair with a small curious hum letting it flop back after a moment. “You, pick him up,” she ordered at the remaining shark man, who was still glancing nervously at the water to which his comrade had been returned. He scrambled to meet her orders instantly, hefting Sherlock’s limp body up off the ground easily and slinging him net and all over his shoulder. John was thankful that Sherlock’s head didn’t leave the concrete with a bloody patch.
The hatchling was taken gurney and all into a building with massive doors almost like a gigantic barn. On the inside though it was extremely clean, the inside rather resembled a barn as well, to the left and right clean hallways with red brick walls and massive stalls with half doors lined a large indoor hallway. John was briefly reminded of the giraffe house at the zoo from when he was a child. A couple occupants of the stalls had their heads resting up on the padded edges of their open doors.
, is what it told John just admit that you’ve got it bad for Sherlock, it’s not like Hyperion could say it to anyone, it’d still just been between them.
“What is that?” John finally asked as Sherlock pulled a jar with similarly colored liquid to the one he’d snatched earlier. This one contained a swollen and blistered finger. Sherlock looked up at him sharply, as if he’d become lost in his own head and forgotten John was even there.
“St-stop! ack, Sto-o-op!” Sherlock was scrabbling to get enough leverage to haul John off his back, but the tickling seemed to be paralyzing, and John smirked triumphantly as he eased his fingers away.
“Maybe leave off the blindfold.” John chuckled, kissing him back a little more firmly.
“Shh, I’m going to be fine. I swear I’ll come back,” John said again, reaching out and stroking the upset dragon’s nose until the moaning stopped and Hyperion, finally understanding that John couldn’t stay with him, began to retreat, curling his neck around himself along with his tail and looking dejected.
“Matches that stripe on your side, when we change,” Sherlock mumbled, “looks nice.”
“No one to draw attention from,” John said, “but I’ll stop if you don’t like it,”
“Is it alright for the children to come back in?” John asked calmly.
“Now will you tell me what was going on with that cab driver?” John asked. Sherlock’s spirit only seemed to lift higher now that John had admitted to not taking the bribe.
Sherlock shuffled off out of John’s field of view. It took John a moment to find his voice again without just sputtering and saying something he’d rather not.
“She had fresher marks on her hands. A woman with that level of experience as a caretaker wouldn’t have fresh marks unless she was in a hurry; she was packing quickly and grabbed an egg in her bare hands. Prolonged contact will burn, but a brief pick up and plop in a case of one or two smaller eggs would create what I observed.” Sherlock rattled off, still walking casually as you please down the road, his long coat and scarf hiding his riding clothes for the most part.
John ended up sitting on Sherlock, one arm held behind his back as the other flailed for purchase. The only reason Sherlock wasn’t out from under him at that very moment was apparent by the choked laughter being forced out of him by John’s other hand digging in just below his ribs.
“Didn’t particularly plan that either,” Sherlock whispered with an audible grin.
“I’m sorry, I think I’ll stay on the ground,” John said, grabbing his cane and limping away towards the water fountain.
“You have a belt on your trousers, right?” Anthea asked, turning to look back at him with a pointed glance at John’s waist.
“Oh… Thank you,” Sherlock said, sitting up a little slower this time patting John on the shoulder. He slowly picked up a pack of fries to nibble on. “There’s more to that story, but at the moment I’m starving. Tell me more in a minute,” he added, still somewhat soft and loopy.
“Sherlock!” John called, walking to him.
Sherlock leaned forward, pinning John in place with his chest as he let out a dark aroused chuckle, realizing what his voice did to John. The movement also trapped Sherlock’s hand between them, John pushing his cock through that webbed fist a little faster now as he panted towards his finish. Sherlock continued to rut against John’s hip, his speed increasing with John’s.
“And lather rinse repeat, basically, for those pills,” Tom said. Next Tom loaded chunks of meat with a rainbow of vitamin supplements, cleverly tucking the capsules into the spaces between rib bones or the squishy marrow of shanks.
“Victor,” he coughed quietly. His eyes glazed over and seemed to be having trouble keeping them open. He was fading fast.
“John?” Sherlock seemed caught off guard by the sudden physical gesture and John squeezed him a little to emphasize that it was indeed a hug and to please not push him away.
Sherlock seemed bound and determined to break through though, sitting to the side watching as John clung to training dummies like a distressed cat on a tree. He knew that John knew flight was inevitable, and in their various arguments had managed to get across that personally Sherlock thought flying was exhilarating, that it was a massively freeing and wonderful thing, something fun even. Not in those exact words but John had gotten the feeling that even without the detective work to keep his tethered rocket of a mind from exploding, Sherlock generally just liked to fly with Bellamy. And some twisted part of Sherlock’s brain wanted John to like it too, beyond the paper thin excuses of wanting to be able to go out and be at crime scenes again.
“No,” John growled shifting closer to the doorway, “no, stop it, we do this every damn time Sherlock!” That seemed to get Sherlock’s attention. He shrank back down, spines disappearing and color starting to actually pale. He became a lump on the sofa again and finally a mouth formed.
Then one of the gigantic pair moved. Its huge paws made the ground vibrate even at a distance, and the sound of the various bits of its carrying gear dragging the ground was like a death chorus in John’s ears, the scraping of large metal hooks and rope and chains. The riding crew lifted them up and as a coordinated team moved with the dragon to position for loading, but John’s mind was already off in another world picturing those ropes and chains failing and being dropped from the sky.
John frowned at the patient look on Sherlock’s face, it almost didn’t feel right after seeing Sherlock be a rude arse so often. But he let his eyes go back to the shoe and something odd struck him.
In the end John won out; Hyperion gingerly got to his feet and limped to his bed. John’s heart ached for him as he felt Hyperion’s soreness and residual traces of fear and sadness, still thinking of the nightmare. John grabbed the blankets Mary had helped him beat the sand out of and while Hyperion leaned over to get a drink from his fountain John set about making himself a bed against the inside of Hyperion’s paw.
“Mrs Hudson took it in her last cleaning spree,” Sherlock said, eyes narrowing at the door. And then he said, “You’ve been watching the videos.” Those blue eyes zipped back to focus on John again.
“Who the hell are you?” John spat, eyes darting to look around her for any other clues. Who else was there? What the hell happened to Sherlock? Anything that could be used as a possible weapon? Dark burgundy lips split into a predatory smile.
“You didn’t tell her anything, did you?” When Sherlock didn’t reply right away a small spark of embarrassment grew in his chest. “Sherlock Holmes, don’t you dare tell me you told that nice young woman we would be late because we were shagging each others brains out.”
“Just a local anesthetic,” she replied, having stopped when Hyperion began to struggle with her on his hip.
“But, wait, Hyperion said you were Victor’s mate,” John wondered.
“Your room is upstairs for now; if you want punt the freak out of the room down here, be my guest,” she said looking, down the hall on the other side of the kitchen at a closed door. It was a mess as well in a whole different way; the room had practically been turned into a lab, with beakers, stands, test tubes, and various bits of equipment scattered across the counters, along with a full-sized microscope.
Sherlock blinked at him for a moment, his whirring motor of a mind halting for a split second as he too seemed to realize what had happened. He made no drastic movements or threw a frustrated fit, he just stood there and stared at John for a moment until John started to feel vaguely uncomfortable in the silence that enveloped the two of them. He thought Sherlock’s eyes were mesmerizing, but having them focused on him to the exclusion of all else made something undefinable in the pit of John’s stomach squirm.
“I can use a bloody laptop just fine, thank you very much,” John interrupted.
“Well this is certainly something new,” John replied licking his lips, mildly hypnotized by those eyes. He felt like they were staring for an age, at some point John had bounded over the line of awkwardness and now they were just, there, with each other. John was captivated by how the dim yellowish-orange light played across Sherlock’s pale blue eyes, the little spot on one iris barely visible around pupils dialated to see in the darkness. Distantly John thought he heard a buzzing noise.
John watched the gears turn in Sherlock’s head for a moment, that infinitely curious intelligent mind contemplating the remains of the book warring with the urge to stay at John’s side after their ordeal.
“Was what, dear? Mrs Hudson drew him back to the table where a couple of the occupants were staring at him after his sudden outburst.
John was immensely thankful that Bellamy’s descent was a slow one, none of the radical dives she’s performed the first couple of times she’d carried him. She gradually glided downward in a wide spiral, keeping to the area over Hyperion as she went. A screaming scared bit of John’s mind wished for the fast dive just to get it over with and get back on the ground, warring other thoughts added in why that was a bad idea, including the mental image of the ground rushing up and them crushing into it. And so he just sat there in the saddle, a hand still clutching Sherlock’s while his heart tried to thrum its way out of his chest and Hyperion tried to press the blankets of calmness back onto John through the bond. Even Hyperion seemed sad to have the experience cut short. Even though he was projecting calm it was tinged with mild upset, which made John feel actually a bit guilty to leave the sky. And wasn’t that a thought, that he might want to stay up there at all? Just a few hours before he’d been swearing at Sherlock over it, even less time he’d been having a minor meltdown just sitting in the saddle and now he was actually tempted to stay up just to make Hyperion happy.
“What happened?” he asked groggily looking at John, who was hovering over him just in case Sherlock suffered any ill effects from the chloroform.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to his room again, a long pause followed. “No,” he said quietly. John still smiled.
The other carrier dragon then stood and began to stretch its wings like the other had, its massive wings blocking out the rising sunlight like a new blanket of blue-ish black night sky had appeared instead of the sun.
Mrs Hudson came up the stairs a moment later. “John, this came for you,” she said, holding out a large envelope towards him.
Sherlock finally looked away with a small huff. “Are you finished?”
A smile curved John’s mouth. He pressed his lips to Sherlock and began suckling at him. Sherlock pushed into the contact eagerly as John let the suction go only to move a few centimeters over and start again. In humans the method brought about a hickey mark, a little bruise. There was no bruising Sherlock’s skin, but just the intimate gesture on its own sent Sherlock’s mind into a lovely tizzy and made him clutch John all the tighter both mentally and physically.
Shrill cries rent the air as battle raged in the skies above. Scales flashed in the sun of a perfectly clear scorching day while the initial clash of combat began. Great winged bodies weaved and tangled as their riders led them through maneuvers that, to an onlooker, appeared would fling them from the great creatures’ shoulders. Colors mingled as the enemy dealt the first blows and riders avoided gouts of fire.
“Love you too, dear,” Sherlock chuckled, picking his head up and licking a wet stripe up John’s neck and ear.
The fish bumped him again pushing him up against the wall this time. It was the dark-colored tuna that lived in the tank. He hadn’t seen it since the day he started, not that he’d really been specifically looking for it. It had him pressed against the light blue wall with its massive barrel of a body. But the view was strange and distorted, bubbled out like he was looking through those fisheye lenses he’d seen in movies. The fish slid along his body till its large silver eye came even with John’s head. It pushed him again. Then he saw it: another large thin tail right behind him. He tried to spin to see the other fish pushing at him but saw nothing, just continued to float in a circle under the water with the tail staying in the same place at the edge of his vision. It then occurred to him to turn the other direction and catch it that way, but when he did it moved too, staying right there on the periphery. He’d gotten away from the wall and was disorientedly turning in space until that darker tuna appeared again and started pushing at the tail.
“Mrs Hudson!” he called, leaning out the door to shout down the stairwell. After a moment of silence and a loud croak from Angus heard her call back up the stairs.
Sebbie did as Jim had asked, and John soon found himself tipped belly-down over her shoulder. He watched the floor and familiar surroundings pass by while trying to think of a way out of this. Wherever they were going was not remotely good and Sherlock was still completely knocked out. Then it struck him: Sherlock was the one that was safe; it was only John they wanted to kill off. Jim had said she wanted to keep Sherlock around. If John could get away, if he could alert Mycroft. Yes, Mycroft could help. Now all John had to do was get away from the scarily strong Sebbie.
“You’ve seen a lot of deaths, a lot of action?” He asked, giving John that reading look, like he was monitoring John’s responses again. John felt a slightly hopeful mood radiating from Sherlock; in his eyes there was a glint that screamed to John, ‘come with me it’ll be fun!’
“Oh, but no manners at all,” she tisked. A hand lashed out and John felt dagger-like nails dig at his face as she smacked him, sending him reeling. Her hands had come out of her pockets and sure enough all ten digits were tipped with long black nails. In the next instant one of those pale clawed hands was stroking lightly through his hair. “I remember catching him, don’t remember you though,
“That wasn’t so bad, hmm?” John asked before he continued humming another, whatever popped into his mind, the tune of
And all at once Sherlock suddenly sagged beneath John, his rigid grip loosening and all his tendrils dissolving back into his mass, utterly relaxed in the wake of such an intense moment. John could almost hear him panting in his mind, quiet as it had become. He followed Sherlock in his lassitude, devolving out of his humanoid shape to cover Sherlock again in a warm blanket of himself.
“Other than the fact that saddling me with you keeps me out of the way and on the ground as much as possible? Along with the added bonus of not setting anything on fire,” Sherlock said.
About midway through the day John nearly had a heart attack, if fish could have heart attacks. Something big dropped into their tank, at first John could only see a large black object surrounded by massive curtains of bubbles. He darted for Sherlock who was drifting along up closer to the intruder, not entirely sure what he could do to protect the bigger tuna but wanting to be close to him and guard him nonetheless.
“Watch him!” John ordered to one of the cashiers, getting her attention, “Watch this one!” John repeated, not waiting for her small nod before he lunged himself at the other man, who threw the rag at John, gripping onto Sherlock’s now limp form and producing a knife. John stopped the moment he saw the small blade press to Sherlock’s jaw.
“He offered me extra money to essentially spy on another rider!”
“Oh,” Sherlock’s look of confusion smoothed again and he flopped his head onto John’s shoulder once more, “I didn’t manage to stop myself.”
The pair lay quiet for a time. John felt Sherlock’s mind regaining clarity and some energy in the wake of their exertions. Sherlock gently rippled against John, scooting infinitesimally closer into the hollow of his mass. John wrapped around him a little more, equally as gentle as he rubbed a broad appendage across Sherlock in a comforting manner.
“No, its… nice.”
John responded with his own emotional push, careful not to thrust his mind too hard against Sherlock’s and overwhelm him again. He coiled tentacles around Sherlock’s own, delicately tracing them up towards Sherlock’s main mass still stretched tall over him. Sherlock shivered hard, skin rippling all over with a mental coo of happiness. John picked up on a prick of aroused confusion from his mate as Sherlock locked up, unable to decide what to do with himself. Press himself fully onto John again or remain upright and teasing? John helped his indecisive partner by suddenly surging up and wrapping Sherlock in tendrils like a vine clinging to its trellis.
“Trouble isn’t a harsh enough word for what I was in. I was so blinded by my loneliness and my wish for a friend, I actually stole a dragon. That egg I broke was meant to go to another, older, more experienced, nestling. Josie was only the beginning. At least she showed some compassion, after the shock of finding us, she helped me clean her, ran to get some food for her. I was a stupid child, letting my heart run away, not using my head, caring too much,” Bellamy nudged at him again, gently with a small warm huff. “Of course the Masters found out, the whole Aerie found out. The nosy, annoying, Holmes child stole a dragon, Christ you’d have thought the Aerie walls were about to crumble around their ears, the sky would fall soon.” Sherlock laughed hollowly, putting a palm on Bellamy’s nose.
“Is that really so suspicious, though? You get boxes from places like Italy and Spain, your mum sending you a new fridge magnet in the shape of a lemon and a small rainbow bull.” Sherlock sniffed at John pointing out the trinkets his mummy and papa sent him from their retirement travels abroad.
“Asphyxiation, passed out and choked on her own vomit, but there’s no visible exterior causes--”
John hobbled over to the mattress looking up at Hyperion, who had laid himself out on his side. He stretched his free wing outwards, covering John momentarily in a massive semi-translucent tan tent. John felt a massive wave of contentment wash over him; pure bliss and happiness poured across the bond, completely overriding any pain from the walking. The feeling was so strong John could almost feel it travel from the tips of his hair to the soles of his feet like a nice long full body stretch, and it left him feeling as though he was glowing with the joy that suffused him, a warm smile spreading across his face. Hyperion let loose a large sigh, snapping the wing back in, his head loling on the tile as he let all his muscles go lax.
“The skull.” John remembered seeing Sherlock carrying a human skull around with him in a handful of the videos he’d watched.
Sherlock almost seemed to consider it for a moment, pausing in his movements with a finger resting on the glans. All of John’s focus went down to that one finger when he felt it start to circle the soft spongy tip again, just barely slipping under his foreskin as it circled, and oh that was an interesting feeling. “Yes,” Sherlock finally purred, and John almost missed it, so concentrated was he on that small sensation.
“You’re welcome, sir. Usually the bonding kids are ravenous so we figured you’d be the same,” he said with a little grin. “Enjoy your meal, dinner will be around 6 or so.” And with that he left, skirting back around Hyperion. John faintly heard the door close as he tucked into his lunch.
“Well now she might actually do that, since she caught you snooping,” John replied and he felt Sherlock’s mood take a sharp turn downward at the thought. He felt Sherlock’s mind sinking with thoughts of what else he could have done, and it really was his fault a murderer was slipping away and how his impatience allowed for that to happen, down down down. John gave in after a minute of Sherlock sinking into a gloomy mood and squished him close again. “Love, you know I don’t like seeing you get into a funk,” he said, lightly rocking with Sherlock wrapped up in his appendages.
“Oooh that really was amazing,” John said quietly once the laughter subsided. He rolled to the side to kiss Sherlock on the cheek. Sherlock looked smug at that, turning to kiss him back. “Any chance I could return the favor in the future?” John murmured reaching to run his hand over Sherlock’s belly.
“Simple,” Sherlock said, pulling his hands apart to take out his mobile. "They are a ‘fan’ of mine, where else would they see it but on my personal blog?” John watched as he opened the page to his blog and began typing a new entry: ‘Found: one trainer belonging to Carl Powers (1973-1986)…’ He stopped there leaving the cursor blinking and looked up at where Mike was finishing up his work.
John had gone and gotten the food while Sherlock stayed with Hyperion, supervising and helping the dragon arrange things. He kept an eye on the bond the entire time, not entirely for safety purposes but because feeling Hyperion interact with Sherlock was endearing. Sherlock treated Hyperion with the same sort of affection John had glimpsed him using with Bellamy, the kind he showed when no one but the dragons were around, and it warmed John’s heart a little even though he wasn’t really the one receiving the affection.
“There’s talk about me?” John caught the comment.
The loud click of a gun accompanied by harsh words in a foreign tongue stopped any response John had for Victor. He turned to see a man, waist deep in the brush, with his face covered, pointing a pistol at the pair of them. John slowly raised his hands up in the international sign for surrender.
“That’s quite brilliant actually,” John said, once Sherlock was done. Sherlock looked down at him at that.
“I’ve had dinner in Bellamy’s pit, it’s a nice evening, you need to eat something. Don’t think I didn’t notice you skimping on lunch today,” John added when he saw Sherlock open his mouth to protest the fact he needed to eat.
“No, no, its fine, of all the tumbles I’ve had over the last couple weeks that was a kiss from a kitten in comparison,” he replied with a chuckle. His mind drifted towards more self-deprecating thoughts: he would have caught himself if he’d had the use of his other arm. Hyperion grumbled as the crate rattled along, and John felt a small surge of encouraging emotions, beating down even the small disparaging thoughts that had begun to rise. The crate was put down over against a wall more gently than it had been picked up. John helped Lestrade pull the largest blanket over Hyperion’s wings before they were re-joined by Sally.
“Well... You dragged me all the way out here. I might as well stick around for whatever it is you wanted me for.” John sighed. A wide smile crossed Sherlock’s face at that.
Today however Jim and Moran had come to sit at the table right next to theirs and nearly anytime Sherlock moved it seemed like Jim glanced over at them. Since Moran’s return Jim appeared a little more cleaned up, his hair kept neat and slicked back, the bags under his eyes a little less prominent, but even so John still found him a little on the side of creepy for reasons he couldn’t entirely explain. The gaze that followed them out of the room did nothing to keep the hairs on the back of his neck from prickling.
John had tried to lunge for her the moment she kicked Sherlock, but the shark man holding his arms had him down in a second pinning him to the floor much like the other one had Sherlock. John stopped struggling when he saw the tall woman take a few steps towards him, the clack of her boots enough of a threat. “Is he a pet? Did your big brother give you a friend to play with? But that doesn’t explain why he turns into a fish... what have you been up to, Sherlock?” Moriarty continued questioning, in an unnervingly sweet tone as she crouched down near Sherlock, as though she hadn’t just attacked him.
The man to her right rolled his eyes. “There’s something to be said for a little formality,” he said gruffly before leaning forward as well for a handshake. “Master James Sholto, Military branch, and this is my First Officer Stephen Bainbridge.” He indicated a thin, dark-skinned man sitting next to him who followed suit in leaning forward to greet John with a quiet, “hello.”
,” she accentuated the word with another spine chilling pull, squeezing a little more. John was a paralyzed crab in her grasp, frozen in place, mouth open, and mentally begging that she not decided to suddenly act and castrate him then and there.
Sherlock himself was climbing over her paw while John had Bellamy distracted, and John saw him ruffle himself trying to get the sand out of his hair and clothes from where she had essentially buried him. When Bellamy seemed satisfied that the containers were harmless she backed down a bit, keeping a sharp eye on her rider as he strode past John, leaving a faint trail of sand which was still falling out of his clothes. He returned with a pair of simple chairs from one of the alcoves. Sherlock sat them down next to the sand facing Bellamy, similar to the chairs back in the flat facing the fireplace.
“Sher-Sherlock Holmes?” John questioned, glancing up at the other man above him. Sherlock was peeling off what remained of something that looked like a clear jelly lens over one eye, tossing the bits of goo back into the water where fish were nibbling at perceived food.
“Ah,” John heard Sherlock say, realization in his tone. “Part of a unit that was attacked?” Sherlock asked.
“I have come to the conclusion I actually am fond of you, have been for some time now, and with this evening I fear I have rather shown my hand,” Sherlock said quietly to the sky sounding if anything mildly frustrated with himself, “This isn’t a dinner. It’s a date.”
“Oh! I’ve heard about you, so lovely to meet Sherlock’s new flatmate,” she said with a warm motherly smile. “He’s been in such a mood lately, all alone with the flat to himself,” she added to Sally, who appeared like she couldn’t give a toss what this Sherlock character was up to in the slightest.
“I-I don’t know what happened,” Sherlock mumbled, reaching up and scrubbing at his face weakly. He felt like all his joints were loose and rubbery. He felt numb, his mind sluggish and foggy. Usually Sherlock had a lovely buzz after they did this, he would be floating and satisfied. Instead he felt like he had be hit by a truck, like he was one large bruise and his mind was mush.
“You don’t know that,” John whispered back, breathing hard and able to smell Sherlock’s toothpaste at his proximity.
“Child’s play,” Sherlock said, as though he were completely indifferent and bored by the whole case. But John knew he’d seen Sherlock’s eyes light up, saw him hovering around excited energy rolling off of him as he investigated the puzzle. Sherlock wouldn’t admit it but he was happy, John was sure of it.
“Come on then, let's get you indoors,” John said as Hyperion looked down at him through a cloud of his own breath.
“And I am clean,” Sherlock replied, “I’m not even smoking,” he added, ripping back his sleeve to reveal a lone nicotine patch, much to John’s relief.
His thoughts helped calm himself and his dragon, as Bellamy gently kept him pressed to her breast.
“And what is this on the phone?” Lestrade asked.
John was shocked by a jolt of his own, he hadn’t even noticed he himself was hovering just barely off the floor until the power that held him there dropped him as well.
That day had been spent exploring Hyperion’s home, searching through cabinets and chests and inspecting the plant-surrounded sofa under the awning. The cabinets by the workbenches held loads of tools and parts that looked to John like they probably belonged to Hyperion’s harness. Another that he thought would only be a sort of wardrobe actually extended into the wall and was more of a shed, full of large, shiny and colorful dragon-sized toys. A massive golden ball a little taller than John and made of thick rubber took up a large portion of the space.
That night John had another nightmare, same as the last, always falling. This time though, John gave in to temptation, picked up his pillow, and went down to Hyperion’s pit to sleep with him. Hyperion welcomed him with open arms, pulling his rider close to his breast and letting John be soothed by the warmth and strong thumping heartbeat. Both were rattled by the nightmare, worry radiating thinly across the bond to John, but the physical contact helped and before he knew it he was drifting towards sleep again, cradled against the crook of Hyperion’s elbow.
The little springer went back downstairs to his keeper and left John to put away his items. John continued to avoid the refrigerator, and had consciously bought things for dinner that didn’t need to share space with The Hand. He then spent the rest of the evening resting on the sofa focusing on Hyperion’s end of the bond. As dinner neared John felt him getting up and walking around like they had been doing every evening so far. John encouraged him from afar, closing his eyes and pushing good feelings across the bond, calm, happiness, praise, positive things to motivate him to walk a little further, exercise a little more each day. On a full belly though he didn’t go quite as far as the previous day or two but John didn’t mind; that he got up at all without him there in person made him happy and John conveyed that to him as well.
“You have a lousy way of showing it then!” John said, rising to the challenge and standing as well, forcing Sherlock back. “I saw her earlier, she was panicking, and angry, and scared. Yes, I’m new, but I’m not even bound to her and I could see it. She was trapped here and unable to come and help you. She was so afraid for you that she actually grabbed the first human to walk into her enclosure and threw them into the saddle just so she could come and get you!”
They simply stared at each other for a long moment, gazes locked. Sherlock’s face had softened with his sigh and he attempted a small smile, the corners of his lips curving up and the little gesture actually meeting his eyes. John’s eyes drifted to the scratch on Sherlock’s cheek and he brought a hand up to cup the side of Sherlock’s face, thumb brushing just over the small cut. “We should probably get a bandage on that,” John murmured breaking the intimate silence between them.
“Sherlock?” John cried before being doused with what he really hoped was water. Sherlock clicked off the spray almost instantly as John sputtered and tried to wipe his face off.
“Oh, nothing strenuous. I would just like you to keep and eye on Sherlock.” The man must have seen the quick furrow of John’s brow as he frowned at the idea of being paid to spy on Sherlock. “Nothing too private, mind, I would just like to know what he gets up to day to day. I worry about him.”
“I haven’t seen him. Do you want to tell me about him? Maybe I’ll see him later,” John said. He knew very little about dragons; their riders, yes, he had been trained for humans. But dragon riders were almost a breed of their own, keeping to aeries with specially trained doctors and facilities designed for dragons. John mostly knew about dead dragons, because if they hit the ground in combat they rarely survived. A rider on the ground seldom survived, either, which John knew would be the case with the dying man before him.
He looked across to Bellamy’s door, still completely shut, John had to resist the temptation to wander across and check on the pair, make sure Sherlock was alright. He shook his head, Sherlock was a grown man; he didn’t need John checking on him like a guard at the door. He’d seen Sherlock bundled into bed right underneath Bellamy’s protective gaze, he was fine. And so John pulled himself away, resuming his grey morning trek back to the flat.
John went to stand and instantly felt heavier. His joints ached and his limbs felt like lead weights, he could feel the wind on his face like a fine film. It faintly reminded John of his time in the army in afghanistan where even with all of his kit on his face would still feel like it had accumulated an extra layer of gritty grime, especially when the winds were high. John braced himself against Hyperion, definitely tired.
“Should have stripped out of these,” Sherlock mumbled looking down at himself. As pleasurable as the night had been, the feeling of come crusted into his pubic hair was not even remotely pleasant.
“Hmm, two months his senior, but yes.” Sherlock drawled looking at her. She looked like she was beginning to fade, like a child who stayed up past their bedtime and struggled to make it just a few more minutes. She so obviously wanted to stay alert and watch over Sherlock, but she seemed to be falling asleep, her head lolling to the side, eyes half-lidded only to pop open wider for a moment and slowly fall back towards closed.
“Sherlock, how did this happen?” Mycroft stood against the railing, keeping his pristine shoes far away from the mess John had just created. He looked none too happy as he leveled his stern gaze on the man still peeling off whatever was covering John’s other ear.
“We’ve landed, Dr Watson, please remain seated and away from the door. A crewmember will be down shortly to collect you.” The world went back to slow swaying motions as John clutched to Hyperion’s side, giggling with hysterical joy at the nightmare being finally over. One more thud when the crate was lowered to the ground and then everything stopped moving. John was still curled up with Hyperion when he heard the seal on the door open and many voices suddenly invaded the quiet space.
John couldn’t argue that. Hyperion’s leg was definitely starting give in for the day and it was affecting him. He’d grown more and more used to the stabbing phantom feeling over the months they’d shared it, but that didn’t mean he wanted it around. John sure didn’t want to have to be hobbling with the cane again for Christmas so it would behove them to get Hyperion back into his heated enclosure.
“I’m going to see Bell,” Sherlock said reading John’s mind yet again. “Should be back before dinner.” he added, holding John’s gaze a moment longer before finally turning and slipping out the door.
“Who seems to know you.” Lestrade added looking concerned. John knew he wasn’t too keen about the fact that Sherlock had his online following of ‘fans’.
“The first punished me. Three, five, eight, nine, twelve, thirteen, and fourteen all had various physical ways of showing their displeasure with my behavior, my deductions, my work, and my presence in their lives,” Sherlock listed, still staring at the ceiling. “Ten threw a teacup at my head before she left. Eleven was by far the kindest, a retired military rider,” John saw the corners of Sherlock’s lips twitch upwards in a tiny smile before they fell again, “he didn’t stay long, though. Two, four, six, and seven were idiots of the highest order.”
“I am a consulting detective. The fact that I’m in the mailroom is only because of my dragon, but I am no postman,” Sherlock looked at John with a sharp appraising stare as if daring John to say something.
“No you don’t, I never told you about it, how could you possibly know?” Sherlock murmured sounding fractionally like his usual self. John chuckled, deliberately tracing the web of scars over Sherlock’s shoulders.
“No, no, nothing wrong with that, but most dragon riders start young. They are raised and taught about the bond and they have time to acclimatize to the lifestyle that surrounds living in an Aerie. I do worry about your… ability to adapt,” she said, taking his hand in hers and rubbing soothing circles on the back of it. “I do not know what you may have been like before now: if you had plans for a family, if you thought of retiring to a house in the country when you grew old; the things people usually plan for their future. The life of a dragon rider may be much different to what you were planning.” John had never given it much thought. He had no plans for family or retirement or a quiet life in the country. At best, after the war was said and done, if he survived the war, he had planned on returning to the bustle of London, back to practicing in a clinic somewhere. Beyond that, life was a mystery for him, for which he was always ready and willing to change.
. John smiled and brought Hyperion’s attention back down to himself with the mental equivalent of a hug. Hyperion’s gaze shifted down to him and indeed the dragon’s mood lifted drastically as he saw John walking towards him. His legs were definitely wobbly after the flight, having never been in the air before in that position for that long of an amount of time factored together with the fact that a large portion of that time had been spent tense and panicked. John understood why, but it didn’t stop the unsettling-ness of it. It was like coming off of a boat after getting used to the rocking of the waves, watery knees and a slightly floaty feeling in his head. John reached Hyperion and sat down leaning against one of his talons. Hyperion of course brought his nose down to gently nudge John, a happy,
“We have been forced into close quarters with each other for an extended period of time-”
By the time he was done with his rather vicious rant, John was staring at him with wide eyes. Jim’s nostrils flared and John could see a small twitch ticking at his right eyelid. With a quick inhale Jim moved over to the desk next to the board and sat, eyelid still twitching faintly.
Hell, it was almost too loud for John’s ears as he winced at the splash of the watch and Sherlock’s mentioning of said offensive item. “It needed to die,” John whispered vehemently.
“An experiment. Put it back.” Sherlock ordered, pointing at the cabinet from which she’d produced the jar. John saw the edge of a nicotine patch just under the sleeve of the outstretched arm, and John took that moment to step forward.
Sherlock simply continued in and up the stairs to their flat. He eased John down onto the sofa cushion and John had a moment of panic as Sherlock began to slip away from him. He couldn’t reach out and cling, couldn’t hold onto Sherlock in any capacity; losing Sherlock’s mental presence scared John for a fleeting moment before Sherlock returned, pressing soothingly to his side again.
while carefully peeling the small pads of gauze away from the wounds on his shoulder. They were healing well so far, but he’d always bear a set of ragged starburst scars.
John had one last thought before he was consumed by darkness,
‘Dear Mr Holmes’ or ‘Dear Sherlock Holmes’ littered the comments as people presented their cases to him on public forum instead of using the email address at the top of the page. People would ask him to solve some of the oddest things and then the most of the comment lines would end there, with no clue as to how the case ended or if he even took it to begin with. Some simply ended with a ‘thank you’ note.
“I said! Do you have a bloody spare belt!” John yelled at him, managing to keep his voice from wavering at all as he steeled himself for Sherlock’s reply, of course the madman had a spare belt, he’d planned to take John up with him somehow today before John had shouted at him. The cocky bastard probably had forseen John caving in and doing exactly what he was about to do.
“Got that out of the way,” Sherlock said, giving John another seemingly reassuring squeeze around the middle.
“Walk with me,” Sherlock demanded, walking away, not even looking back to see if John followed him. John did follow though, no reason to stay in the reverberating concrete halls alone. His knees were still a little wobbly as he walked, like coming off a boat after hours of keeping balance on it.
“You don’t have to stay if you don’t wanna.” John made a lazy attempt to roll over and face Sherlock, but the man had him in his grip and didn’t let him go.
“I deduce, it’s not a magic trick, I observe and deduce facts from simply observing what others look over.” As the conversation had continued on Sherlock seemed to be deflating into his chair, slumping down into it a bit, putting his mug down. He seemed to be waiting for something John wasn’t saying.
Once buried John stilled, for both of their sakes, letting Sherlock adjust and keeping himself from going off instantly. “Okay?” John wanted this to be good for Sherlock and so far it seemed so; coming instantly felt like it would ruin the moment. Sherlock reached up and curled a hand around the back of John’s head, carding fingers through his hair as blown pupils gazed up at him. “Move,” he demanded a heel slipping up behind John and digging gently into his lower back.
“Why would anyone listen to a nine year-old?”
“I was lonely, alright?” Sherlock snapped as he pushed Bellamy’s head away and sat back up, a dusting of sand now sticking up his side. “I was ten and my only friend had just been murdered, and I didn’t want to wait for the Masters to maybe give me a dragon.” Sherlock looked up at Bellamy again, and quietly corrected, “to give me someone who wouldn’t leave.”
“No,” said Sherlock’s irritated sounding baritone aloud. Of course Sherlock could see John’s sliver of himself peering around the edge of the door at him. John emerged fully once he’d been spotted.
“Do you need anything?” one of the paramedics asked calmly, keeping their hands to themselves seeing as it wasn’t an emergency situation now.
“Remembering,”John replied, glad that Sherlock broke the silence.
John was a lovely shade of bright scarlet usually, and a very modest Mollisian, opting to wear clothes on top of his humanoid shape when out and about. John hadn’t even known what Sherlock was up to until Lestrade had called. He was now seething in the car turning a slightly darker shade and losing most of his form detail as he waited for his mate.
“Sherlock, even if you solve it how do we let this person know?” John asked, the thought coming to him suddenly as he sat next to the other rider. Sherlock sat quietly in his thinking pose, palms pressed together in front of his lips.
John looked in front of him. Her saddle wasn’t like Bellamy’s, not nearly as many rings on it, none on the back to grip. The padding wasn’t nearly as bulky or thick behind her, making John sit mostly on smooth scales. Anthea’s dragon stood and he felt himself begin to slide; he gripped for anything to hold on to and ended up with his hand on the back of her own sturdy belt, fisted at the small of her back under the edge of her coat.
It was another couple of hours before Sherlock finally shut down the computer and pulled John away to the comfortable spot they’d found to sleep in, a bench alcove near their tank that had mysteriously been covered in a thin padding one day. John was certain he had Mycroft to thank for that. Sherlock let John sit down and get comfortable before he took is place next to him. They had an unspoken agreement that John would fall asleep sitting up against the wall with Sherlock’s head in his lap and John’s fingers twiddling with his hair; then sometime in the night John would shuffle down and Sherlock would become a limpet on his side.
“Sherlock we need you and John to move if you can,” Lestrade eventually said, standing next to the unmoving pair. “Is he alright?” he asked voice, carrying a definite note of concern.
John’s duffel bag from the field station he’d been assigned to came in the day before he was scheduled to fly. He rummaged through his jumbled meager possessions, rearranging and repacking, until he stumbled across a couple pictures of him and the boys in the unit he’d been working with, his unit. John’s heart clenched as he looked at them and realized all of the other men were probably dead. He’d spent months patching up his men and others out in the field.
That pronouncement gave John pause. He’d just been a fish for a day and it had seemed hellish. “What happened?” John asked quietly, slipping on a t-shirt. The clothes Mycroft had left weren’t remotely meant for going outside, more comfortable wear, pyjama trousers and t-shirts and a pair of crocs, loungewear at best.
“No, she’s fine, he likes that,” John said before she could put her things down. Mary though was carefully climbing down.
“You’ll have to take it up with Sherlock, dear, he gets a little touchy about his things being messed with,” she said. Sally, having taken his things upstairs, came back down.
It took John a second to realize he was the one being addressed, still looking up at the dragon above him. He looked to Moran, a tall, lanky, very dark-skinned man with a wicked-looking scar running up his cheek and through his eyebrow up to his hairline. His black hair was braided and tied back into a curly fluff at the back of his head. John shook his hand.
Until John’s stomach decided to grumble and John shot upright. “The food! Sherlock we forgot about the food for tonight,” he cried, moving to get up, but Sherlock wrapped an arm around his waist and pulled him back down.
he thought. Pride, strength, bigness, aging, a whirl of all sorts of varying feelings and concepts spun across the bond, trying to convey what Hyperion wanted, a complex idea, but the running theme was getting bigger, getting older, and then the image of animals fucking thrown into the mix. “Mature! You are mature at 23, or maybe a little younger I guess,” John finally figured it out with an enthusiastic ‘yes’ wiping the mess from the bond.
Ah, his dragon. John hadn’t seen any scaly corpses nearby, maybe it was captured? Though that was highly unlikely, since dragons usually defended their riders to the death.
they clean the tanks from time to time Sherlock, but you honestly can’t blame me for being a little twitchy after last night’s trouble!” John said as he toweled himself dry. He saw Sherlock’s smug smirk and wanted to toss the towel at him.
The door was nearly shut when he thought he heard a faint moan echo off the bathroom tiles. John felt his face warm and quickly shuffled away. That hadn’t been what he thought it was, it was just the sound of the door hinges or maybe a pipe in the wall or maybe Sherlock just really liked the tea. John told himself in no uncertain terms not to think about it, to purge it from his mind entirely. But if he was honest with himself he knew what he heard and probably shouldn’t have heard it, should have left Sherlock to his privacy.
Speaking sounded difficult in the pose he was holding with his chin pressed to his chest, his curly head and shoulders were still on the floor, but he’d locked his fingers together behind his back and swung his long legs up, curling his hips over his face and bringing his toes to rest on the floor far beyond the top of his head. A devilish thought supplied that bending just a little further would allow Sherlock to just about suck his own cock, and his face heated slightly at the mental image, undressing Sherlock even further with his eyes.
“A suicide,” Sherlock clarified.
Sherlock tipped his head back to look at them upside down, the delicately floating creatures slowly rotating around the drum of their container. “Well those are nice,” Sherlock said, as though the jellies had hypnotized him in the brief time he’d stared at them.
“I, well, I mean how was I supposed to know?” John muttered, he should have thought about that, her smaller dragon wouldn’t be able to fly all the way in one long flight like the big carriers, obviously.
“Good boy!” John praised, as Hyperion’s sandy head dropped to the stone floor, nowhere near as lax and lolling as before, but at least down and pupils, for the most part, back to normal. John climbed up onto the mat and rubbed the wide smooth scales of the dragon’s belly, reassuring him that the exercise had been for John to see his stomach. When John looked back to where Hyperion was obediently laying his head he saw Lestrade had approached him, using both hands to scratch at a space behind the crown of spikes at the back of his head.
“Alright, I’ll go, Merry Christmas Hyperion,” John murmured, leaning against him for a hug.
“Light candles, it’s more romantic.” Sherlock said, apropos of nothing.
“The very same, you’ve met?” Sherlock said, his eyebrow rising.
John thought as Sherlock pushed a gentle kiss to John’s temple, another on his cheek, and another right in front of his ear. John pulled away with a small chuckle of his own. “Alright, Mr Affectionate, much as I like whatever this is you’re doing, we gotta get undressed,” John told him, hooking thumbs into Sherlock’s shorts.
“A fast is more like it,” John replied eye’s roving over the tall skinny form before him, all close fitting clothes. Of course he was only partially kidding, while yes Sherlock’s ribs showed a little more than John would like to see on someone Sherlock’s height the rest of him was just leanly muscled, strong thighs and calves, and he’d certainly felt the muscles of those arms earlier as Sherlock held onto him mid-flight.
Tom left him and the rest of the day went by smoothly. After lunch John found a watering can and gardening things in a squat chest near the sofa. John took it upon himself to water the potted plants, most of which fortunately had tags in their pots: a few planters of black mondo which looked like a massive clump of black dyed grass with tiny white flowers growing out of it, some succulents nearly sprawling out of their containers, a couple of extremely bushy fuschia plants in large pots, carrying dark purple and red hanging flowers, a frankly massive aloe plant, and a short but long container full to overflowing of something called London Pride that was growing like mad all over its container and sprouting up loads of little pinkish white flower stalks. Everything else without tags were basically bushy pots full of grasses in varying shades of bluish or yellowish green and red. John just watered them for now; he’d need to find whoever had been taking care of them while Victor had been away. Never really one for gardening, John figured he’d have to pick it up if he wanted to keep Hyperion’s enclosure green beyond the large rubbing post palm trees. Hyperion had shared feelings and images of rubbing up against the sides of those trees, the satisfied joy of finally reaching an itch tingled through John at the memory, trailing down his spine and making him chuckle at Hyperion.
“Yes, it’s real, it’s clean, I’m saving it for an experiment. And before you ask, it came from the hospital morgue. I’m not going to chop off your limbs in your sleep,” He said, flicking on a light beyond the door. What little John could see of the room beyond looked pretty clean all things considered; he’d almost expected that door to open and see a hoarding nightmare beyond. He didn’t look long because Sherlock had turned back to him and the lamp light turned his light blue eyes a glowing silver momentarily. Before John could tell Sherlock that the thought hadn’t crossed his mind Sherlock continued.
