"I'm alright," he says. He's trying to ignore the way the muscles in her cheeks twist, like she's anticipating a punch. "I don't need your help."
While they're setting the table, Castiel looks up to him. "You wanted to speak to me alone?" Before Dean can answer, Castiel says: "Thank you, by the way, for giving Sam and me the opportunity to talk."
"What you mean is: Charlie was fine, like she always is when she's with you."
"The rest of the green stuff is still in the fridge, should I-?" Dean motioned.
"Yes," Castiel says.
"You cross the border to bring me pie?"
"I wanted to make a joke about the two of them boning and then I figured that'd probably not be cool."
"I think Sam conjured him up himself." Castiel looks at him expectantly, like he's just revealed a big secret.
Now that Sam understood who it was, he got a nervous look in his eyes.
"Work?" Sam huffs out a laugh. It's a surprise to both of them when Akiko speaks up. "What are you doing to them? And why?"
"And how did you come to the conclusion that this was a gang-related crime then?" Dean asked.
"Dean," he murmured. "I miss you every day. The thought that I'd ruined your life weighed heavy on me, and there is little that would make me as happy as if you made me part of your life again."
This was up there with the cheesiest things he’d ever said and every single word felt like a sharp stone on his tongue. He was glad that the words were out, but now everything hurt.
Dean had been wrong.
Sam looks scandalized for a second and then annoyed. "Look, man, it's not about the messages. It's that he's not picking up. And normally, I wouldn't worry, but…"
The day passed painfully slowly. In the evening Sam tried to feed Charlie a homemade mush of carrots and potatoes. It didn't work very well. She ate a spoon full and her face twisted as if he had fed her lemons. After that every other attempt Sam made to feed her failed. She let the food run down the corners of her mouth. The orange mush went everywhere except where it was supposed to. It was stuck in her hair, she smeared it all over her clothes and the high chair. There was even a puddle on the floor. Of course, Sam stepped into it. She was only interested in the spoon itself, which she repeatedly grasped with her hands and pushed it into her mouth without anything on it.
"And you didn't think of asking him?!"
"Are you okay, Sam?" Castiel asks.
"You sure?" The smile on Sam's lips was uncertain.
The kisses quickly became more energetic and Dean's hand moved off Castiel's hips down to the zipper of his pants. He halted, only to move the both of them towards the edge of the room, and to sandwich Castiel between himself and the stone wall.
"Yes. She’ll be fine."
"You don’t seriously want to drive all the way in one go?"
"For him, love is something like quicksand. It’s no wonder that he thinks he needs to protect Charlie from it. At the same time he is just being selfish. He’s scared that everyone will leave and he will be left alone."
"Why not?"
He's still got his smell in his nose when his head hits the mattress. When he dozes off, the experiences of the day mingle in his head. He doesn't fight it. At least in the hazy twilight of sleep he lets himself be kissed by someone he actually wants to kiss.
"We were in the car, on the way back from the cinema.”
He looks at the door handle beside him. If he pulled it now, the door would fly open. He could let his body fall out of the speeding car.
So what is Cas -  some kind of weird obsession that is somehow separate from the rest of what Dean loves and wants? Maybe he's been fooling himself and he's only interested in him in theory. Maybe it's a forbidden fruit kind of thing. Maybe he just thinks he wants him because — No. Dean discards this theory; it doesn't really matter. This was never about discovering his true self or any deep shit like this. His interest is solely focused on Castiel. The way he feels about him is uncoupled from the rest of Dean. Really, it defies all logic.
"Me either. I really didn’t think I’d get to see you again…" He put a hand at the back of her neck. It was strange for Dean to see them so intimate with each other, although he was happy for them of course. "I always imagined you’d be in college by now," Sam said. "Well, college or heaven."
Dean looked at his brother intently, his jaw set. "How about you guys?"
Dean studies Sam’s face, as he’s waiting for an answer.
"Well, first you have you to say what you want to toast to. In this case, that’d be our wonderful daughter Charlie Winchester, who – as hard as it is to believe – just turned 11 today.”
"I shouldn’t talk about these kinds of things with you." Dean shifted gears. "I hope you know you were very important to Sam, once he’d caught himself. He always put your wellbeing first. That’s why he stayed with us in the bunker at all."
In vain, Sam tries to interpret the expression on Castiel's near pokerface. "Hey..." Sam smiles. He's relieved when Castiel smiles back, however brief.
Sam presses his forehead against Castiel's. Up close, staring directly into his eyes, the black and the blue start to merge. "I love you," Sam breathes.
Castiel nodded and put his arms around Sam.
"Yes," Sam heard himself say. "I do. But.” He was still trying to process the turn the conversation had taken.  "When you say you want us to move there, you mean…"
Dean shrugged innocently. »Exactly. I know how to make people happy.«
"She got that from you."
They even had a proper waitress in the Italian corner of the food court. Dean considered the young woman for a moment. She was pretty and in an earlier life he would have flirted with her. Now he just ordered a burger with all the fixings and lowered the menu.
He feels for the wad of money in the pocket of his jeans.
And who could blame a guy for-
"I just told him," Castiel disagrees, "I told him I'd be gone for the case and didn't know how long it would take."
"She simply wanted to spend time with you." Castiel made an effort to make his voice soft. "She wanted to please you."
"Hey!" Sam gave Charlie a quick look, before turning back to his brother in surprise. "Dean.” His hand gripped the door frame nervously. “I didn't expect to see you.”
He can still remember a time when his hands didn’t look so weathered and permanently dirty. When they were only ever soiled by dusty textbooks and coffee stains.
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
"Yeah," he says.
Sam's voice is muffled.
"No, I didn’t elaborate, either. Sam didn’t ask. I assumed you two had talked about it in detail."
"Am I keeping you from something right now?" Sam asked with a nod towards the table.
"Earlier?" Sam asked. "But Castiel already left when-"
"Yeah?"
"You know, he cannot harm you here. You are safe."
"You didn't know Sam would die..."
"Well, I guess that's where he should be," Akiko says.
"Alright, you got me. I'm a boring regular guy and I like having a part of my life be so normal. I like to get out and it feels good to be able to do something, to have a job and be productive and make some money myself." He kissed Castiel again. "But right now I wouldn't mind staying in bed with you a little longer."
Castiel nodded.
Dean turns away to the car and wonders how he got himself into this discussion. "Let's go work this case," he says into the direction of an overflowing trash can.
"Good night."
Dean’s not absolutely sure what he’s agreeing with, but he’s taking encouragement and smiles whichever way he can get them right now.
"That’s what you got a problem with, Sam? Seriously?" Dean snorted. "You can’t take it with you. Sally knows that. She has been living in this nursing home for so long now and there are no heirs. It’s important to her that someone takes care of the house. The agreement we have is good for all of us." He pointed towards the horizon. "Look, you can even see the sea from here. You always wanted to live by the sea. The property alone is worth a ton. We’d never have found something like this again."
Dean's not sure why, but it sounds like an insult to him.
"I know this logo," Sam says, trying to ignore the stinging sensation. Following Lucifer’s ideas, engaging with him further, will only make it so much harder to leave.
"I don’t. You know I don’t."
Sam squats down next to him, contemplating whether to touch him or not, to say something or not.
"Did it?"
A smile creeps onto Dean’s face. "You said you never did in the first place."
Sam looks around them, still vast blackness, nothing to hold onto but him.
"What do you mean?"
"It’s probably the life he leads," Dean thought and looked at the fine woolen coat Sam was wearing now, which underlined his fragile appearance. "This normal life with a respectable job and an apartment in an actual city."
I want you. Do you you want me, too?
Sam took his hands away and looked at him. "I want us to be able to deal with each other normally again. Or at least whatever is normal for us. I want us to talk to each other again. I want-"
"It's got everything to do with me when you judge me according to how well your relationship is going. If you and Cas are fine, you treat me okay, and the second things are rocky – or you just feel like they are, I'm the bad guy again. Do you even see how twisted that is?”
The other side of the bed is cold to the touch. Sam looks around the room again. Maybe Castiel has left a note. There's nothing, but Sam notices that his hoodie is missing. He looks in the bathroom and under the bed just to make sure.
It’s surprises Dean that Sam expects them to even live that long.
"I can hear your prayers from another timeline, too."
It doesn’t take long for Sam to fall asleep.
"You really okay with this?"
"He wanted to talk to you." She shrugged, then picked up her backpack. "And I think he was scared of running into Cas, so he's waiting in the car."
He dropped the phone. He knew he shouldn’t be angry. Not with Sam. Not with Castiel. He looked for the right number in his contacts and hoped that it still worked.
It was much easier to watch Dean laugh than to bear his worried looks all the time. Of course, those were still there too, but Dean obviously tried really hard to treat him as normally as possible. In this case it meant that he was more friendly and relaxed with him than he had been for the last six months.
"You've never been?"
She thought about it for a moment and then said: "You mean this one over there?"
"Why did you pick him?" Dean asks, as they step through the tall grass back to the car, more idle this time. They have no place to get to in a hurry. "Your list of vics was endless, why this one?"
Sam presses his fingertips into his thigh. He feels a familiar mixture of guilt and suspicion that Dean is deflecting with this bout of earnestness. Maybe he's reading too much into the timing.
Sam looks down at the table, hears the door close, then nothing.
"You want something to happen. Right now. I get it. I know the feeling so well. But Cas is right. Rash actions aren't going to help us. What do you think Sam would feel like if something happened to you while you were trying to find him? He would never forgive himself – or us."
"That's not true," Sam muttered. He was rubbing his forehead again, looking anywhere but Castiel. "I mean, it's not true that I have no positive feelings towards you. I'm not angry with you or anything like that."
"Yeah, maybe." Sam scraps a piece of blueberry skin of the back of his front tooth with his tongue, its texture almost paper-like. "But you knowing me better than Dean is still a little weird to me, I guess."
Sam, on the other hand, understood.
"He cursed at me while making pancakes."
She gazed at the keyboard that he had given her as a gift and that had now found its place in a corner in her small room. He settled on the edge of the bed and stroked over her arm.
"Dean's just Dean," he says. "He's my brother."
"I didn't mean to quantify or diminish your pain." It almost sounds like an apology, until Castiel adds, "But when I retrieved you from hell, your soul was intact. You suffered greatly, but what Sam experienced was enough to reduce an angel like me to-"
There are things that make it easier. Eye contact. Starting with Castiel, making sure he's really into it. All these things make the self consciousness dissipate, they give him a clear focus with an almost zen like quality to.
Dean tried to argue back, but instead found himself nodding.
"I really am so sorry. I know I can't make it right, but I need you to believe me."
"Yeah, that's exactly how I looked when she asked me too," said Dean. "I mean, since when does Jody Mills celebrate birthdays? That we get invited to?"
Sam sat down carefully on a pile of logs near the house.
"No."
It shouldn't surprise Sam that Dean knows this. Of course, Castiel would have figured it out and told Dean. Sam presses his lips together.
"Does she have an idea who it could be? I mean, we're pretty much at the beginning again." Dean bites into the burger.
"Yeah. I know."
Bobby's hat, his coat and even his beard were all covered in powdery white. He looked like a Santa Claus who’d spent the last year a bit too fond of the bottle. In other words, he looked like any proper Santa Claus should.
How nice it’d be if that was all there was to it. Some awkward encounter that made him uncomfortable, a bit embarrassed maybe.
"I guess. But I did, didn't I?"
"We're talking about Charlie," Dean hissed. "I told you before that there's nothing I wanna do less than talk about us! There is nothing left to say."
"What kind of question is that, Dean? You're scaring me." He wanted to tear himself away, but Dean didn't let go. "We're all living together in the bunker. You and Cas, you both take care of Charlie too, for which I am really grateful for because she can be a handful. And her thirst for knowledge seems endless." He sighed. "I mean, she's only seven for God's sake."
Technically, not that much has changed between Castiel and him, anyway. Technically, he’s lost nothing.
»They need to go under the tree, too«, Dean said casually.
Sam is slouched against the car.
She nodded eagerly. "Yes! More space, please!"
"It was a pretty good talk, yeah." Sam smiles. He lets his hands wander over Castiel's back. "I definitely feel better than I did before. How about you?"
A funny thing happens to him then, when he misses too much. When he really wants something and can’t get it. It’s been this way for as long as he can remember. He notices it happening to himself when it does, but it doesn’t seem to make a difference.
“Garth and Beth are currently mobilizing their werewolf friends to look for possible clues where he might have taken them. A werewolf can follow a trail better than a police dog. It shouldn't take too long."
"He lives here, doesn't he? With you?"
"Directions?"
Patrick, the eldest son, appeared in the door. "Dean!” He beamed until he noticed his parents. "Urgh, kissing." Then he was gone again as suddenly as he’d come.
"Just bathe Charlie, get her ready for bed and then you have time for yourself, " he tried to encourage himself. "You're exaggerating how bad it is, it’s just your typical stupid self-pity again. The day is almost over and it wasn't really that bad, was it?"
"I appreciate it."
"I went to a place not far from it. A city called Fairview. There was an odd mention in the paper and I just-" He considers his words carefully. "It just seemed prudent to make sure you were both right and I was wrong."
"I know." Castiel nodded. "I just don't want to burden him unnecessarily."
"I believe it's a case."
"Well, you better believe it. Just goes to show what an exciting life I live, where my freaking baby brother is still my main priority. I probably need to find a new hobby or something."
Finally, she moves and steps closer. She closes her mouth, tightens it until it’s nothing but a thin line. "I'm not sure if I should tell you?" She hugs the brown grocery bag close to her chest. "But I probably should. Except I think I might have gotten something wrong? In which case..."
"Of course, I'm sure."
So, maybe Dean's not been doing what he promised Sam. Which was to let it go. Maybe he called around, searched the Internet and read a few more books on the aftereffects of angelic possession that he'd normally do. Dean doesn't feel bad about it. If Sam and Castiel don't want to make sure Sam's fine, then it's on him. Not that any of the research got him very far.
"Uh-huh." Dean reaches for the handle on the open door. "Good luck. I’m not going to give you any pointers. You know I’m more of a love em and leave em kind of guy."
He wanted to be relieved because he no longer had to watch as Sam and Castiel grew closer by the day.
"No." Sam looks over, expecting to see a worried face, but Castiel seems calm and merely curious. "But I figured it's got to be vampires."
Dean was good at suppressing emotions he didn't like, at pretending. He wasn't as good at ignoring these glances Sam had been shooting his way for months now. As if he was looking for something in Dean's eyes that he didn't know if it still existed.
"What did you guys find out?" Sam asks, eyes round and big and focussed on Dean, who clears his throat.
"Shut up," the vampire hissed at her. "That’s impossible. Angels don’t care about people."
It doesn't sound like the complete truth, but it makes Sam smile. "Yeah? What about them?"
"I think he didn't want me to go with him, because he expected some kind of dramatic reaction from me. That or he didn't think I could do it. That I'd be in his way."
Unnecessary head-canon stuff:
Castiel dropped his hand, left it behind Sam’s on the bed.
As they settled in the car, Sam rubbed his forehead nervously, in a way he sometimes did when he wanted to initiate a conversation but didn’t want to be the one to start. He continued his forehead-rubbing once they were driving down the street into town.
"We've arrived," Castiel tells him.
"That's what they say anyway." She pulls her hair into a high ponytail. "You did save the world a bunch of times, didn't you?"
"You guys are staying here for the night, right?" Jody asks. "The house is big enough."
Sam shook his head once more and then spoke quietly. "If you look at him looking at me and immediately hink that he want to kiss me, how is that my fault? How am I supposed to change that? Why is my fault if you don't trust him?"
Dean holds a shirt to his nose, takes a whiff and drops it onto the bed again.
Despite everything else, the implication of a future, a far-off future for them, with ample opportunity for Castiel to change his mind, is heartening.
"He'll be fine," Castiel says. He looks up, his hand not leaving Sam's neck. "He's lost a lot of blood. This wasn't the first feeding. She was in the process of killing him."
"That’s always a promising start."
His heart seemed to skip a beat. "Just go,” Sam said and then he slammed the door into Dean's face and ran after Charlie.
"Charlie, no."
"Did you think of that yourself, or did Dean convince you?"
"Sure," Dean says.
It was probably because the witch had robbed him of his last strength and he felt terribly human, but in this very moment he felt the pain and the lack of his family even more than usual.
Castiel's here because he wants to be. It’s important to Dean that it’s true.
"I know about you," she says and pulls her knees up to her chest, the soles of her shoes make a squeaking sound against the bench. "I mean, I knew about you before, but after I met Dean, I looked him up again. You and him."
"It’s the table at the far left near the window." She smiled. "Your colleague is already waiting for you."
"I shouldn’t let you get away with not eating, just because you’re in a bad mood," Dean says.
"I know you said you didn’t want to talk about it. But… I think Cas is a bit confused by your behavior, you know." Sam’s voice sounds tight as well. "And to be honest, so am I."
"Thank you, Dean."
It feels strange when Sam realizes what’s changed. He’s given up on his life, again, but this time he’s not alone with this knowledge. Castiel knows too. It’s probably because both of them have more or less given up. It’s a strange bond to share, to be alive but by means of one man.
Dean offers a tired smile. Sam returns it.
"You like Sam."
"You really think so?"
"Has she calmed down again and decided she wants to stay after all?" Dean asked when he came back.
"I think she was trying to be supportive of us being here out in the open. Two guys. We're not in the most progressive neck of the woods."
By that time, Sam’s stopped researching altogether. He can’t bring himself to care.
"Are you okay?"
She rolled her eyes and bent down to pet the dog.
"Both? I don’t know. I’m just making conversation here."
"Going on dates?" Sam asks. "Or going to the movies and getting coffee?"
Dean grips the steering wheel tightly. The edge in Sam's voice is weird. Why is he so hung up about that woman?
He still doesn't go to bed. He needs to talk to Dean first, and thankfully Castiel doesn't ask about it or wants to go with him. He merely nods and goes to pick up Sam's files off the table to sit down on the bed. His nose is hidden behind the files as Sam heads out.
"You should ask Dean!" She turned away. "Does he really think I’d have anything to do with the shitty heaven? I’m done with the fucking angel thing! I’m through with that. I’ve built myself a life here."
"But maybe we can, I don’t know, look for a case maybe?" He eyes Dean hopefully, like he's asking for a favor and not saying exactly what Dean has wanted to hear from him for weeks. "Maybe I could use the distraction."
Sam stared at the booklet in his hands. It was one of those plain $10 museum guides. Dean probably bought it at some gas station. What amazed Sam was, that he had already seen the packaged gift in the car last week. He'd thought nothing of it then. But now, the knowledge that Dean had bought this present so long ago, made Sam feel funny inside.
"But she's gonna continue telling people she's an angel."
"You ever thought," Dean says. "That we didn't find anything because it's not supernatural? Another pair of eyes is not gonna change that."
There’s a small slit between the two parts of the swing door. He leans in as close as possible without touching them.
No one should be holding Cas’ hand like this.
"What did you eat today?"
"He is happy and content right now. I don't want him to rush to any wrong conclusions or act hastily. I want to tell him once I have to. But not just yet."
Who knows where he’d end up. Heaven, Hell, nowhere.
"It’s fine," Sam promises and shuts him up at the same time.
"Do you mind if I wait outside?" he asks. He's not sure why he's in a bad mood. Dean being pacified by Castiel's explanation is a good thing. He’s glad there was no actual fight.
"It has worked before," Castiel says. "In your dreams. I thought it might help when you're awake too."
Dean just wanted to leave the place, and with it the whole last days, behind him.
"Well, not really. But LA is coming closer all the time and they bring the problems with them too. You can read about it all the time in the papers. The Bloods hate the Crips and all that jazz."
She ate the last spoons of the stew.
"You're good at this," Lucifer says, moving in him now. "You were born for this, born for me."
The waitress came back and put the food down.
Dean walks back to where he came from.
"Oh, I’m such an idiot." Charlie jumped up. Her long hair fell in front of her face. "I forgot the drinks. Who wants a beer?" Without waiting for an answer, she slipped out of the kitchen and then into her shoes.
Castiel follows him to the car. Without another word they get inside. Dean has his hands on the wheel, before he turns to Castiel. "Could you take off that hoodie?"
"Like what, I aint reacting? Cas, help me out here, how am I reacting?"
"You have our room key," Castiel says. "So I couldn't get to my things."
A thought strikes Sam: Lucifer must have felt the same. A lonely detachment from places. It wasn't Stockholm syndrome that made Sam identify similarities between himself and his torturer. He was Lucifer's victim, but Lucifer was his too. If he could have chosen, he would never have been stuck in the cage with company. It was Sam who had brought him there.
Dean's mouth is dry. He's pretty sure not answering is answer enough, but he can’t manage a lie. Cas seems to understand either way.
"I am sorry," Castiel says. "I should not have said that."
Dean's bag is a mess of clothes. It takes some time until Sam's hand finds what he's looking for. He  puts two shirts out of the bag, then there it is. A single poison green toothbrush wrapped in thin plastic. He pulls it out of the bag, when he notices a folded piece of paper among Dean's things. He puts everything back in, first the clothes and the paper last. He knows what it is at once. A hastily written phone number. Sam picks it up and reads the backside of it out of sheer curiosity and habit. This does not really count as an invasion of privacy between the two of them.
The only other couple had already disappeared from the room, and the other two viewers were walking out as they spoke.
As far as he's concerned, none of them deserve his prayers.
"I’m good, thanks."
"No, really. I'm sorry." Sam turns towards him, an apologetic smile on his lips. "About earlier. I shouldn’t have jumped to conclusions like that."
»What the fuck were you thinking? What am I supposed to do without you, huh?«
Three never used to be a crowd. It used to be comfort.
He didn't exactly know what he was asking, but it hadn't been that.
Sam huffs out a light laugh. "Might have had something to do with the music you picked?"
He forced himself to close his eyes.
He wondered what kind of family issues she'd thought they had. She had been a very rational person, who would have laughed at the thought of the supernatural being real.
"I wanna talk. I really do," Sam says. A part of him wants nothing more than pouring his guts out to Castiel, but the thought also sets him into panic mode. "Just not now, okay? Let’s just focus on the case first. I don’t want our heads to be somewhere else right now."
When Dean had gotten up and seen them —Sam’s arm so casually yet possessively dragged over Cas— he'd tried to ignore the sting.
For a moment, they faced each other like predators waiting for a silent signal to attack.
Sam shrugged as he poured water into the coffee machine.
"Right." Sam nods, gently lifts his glass and barely takes a sip before he puts it down again.
"On his own," Dean repeats.
She was still stirring her yogurt without having eaten one bit. She didn't speak.
Dean closes his laptop, and opens and closes it once more, before getting up.
"I appreciate the update, Sam. I really do, but that’s definitely not news to me. I’m living with you two 24/7." He forces out a smile. "Have you guys, like, talked about it?"
"It doesn’t matter."
"Would a deity do that?" Akiko is right to be skeptical. Sam is just spitballing here, desperate for something tangible.
"What? Who?"
"Good morning, Sam," Castiel says, shattering most of the doubts about whether he's still dreaming or awake.
He wondered if he should try to explain it to her somehow, but how? Despite everything, she was just a child, who thought of herself as an adult and had an easy answer for all the questions of life. Part of him envied how self-assured she was.
Dean takes a deep breath.
»See? Snow doesn't have a taste or smell."
"Not this," Sam says and goes to finish his coffee.
It makes him smile. It feels good to be needed.
"I do," Sam says. He squints. "I think. I'm not entirely sure."
"No, you don't know him. He wouldn't leave me."
Sam raises both of his eyebrows and huffs. "You know that movie is Italian, right?"
"What exactly do you think is going to happen between now and two weeks from now?" Sam asks.
"Why are you staying at this school?" Sam asks.
"Yes, I do," Castiel says after a moment of consideration. "I enjoy watching them with you. Your emotional response to them is quite interesting."
Castiel pulls away too soon. "I'm very glad to see you're feeling okay," he says, already facing the door. Sam tails him out of the room.
"Are you sure you wanna do that? You want to drive the whole way in a day? It's supposed to rain heavily later."
"Why? I'll see him in a second anyway."
"Spontaneous week-long freak outs all over the area?" Dean asks.
"We’re following up on the case."
Dean didn't come back until three days later.
This isn't about trust, at least not in any rational sense. Maybe it is about control.
Sam takes ahold of Castiel's collar, grips it tightly.
to me."
She shrugged.
"You’re awful mouthy for something about to die."
"So you’re already helping." After a moment of hesitation, he adds: "I don't want you to go away."
Dean looked from Sam down at Charlie who hadn’t moved away from him. "I just wanted to-"
"What were you doing in the kitchen?" Dean demands. "You were supposed to look out for her."
"Dean is," Sam says. "We're not."
"If you think it's too dangerous-”
Dean laughs and reaches around him again to grab four of the right kind of forks. He puts his other hand on Castiel's lower back, to turn him around and guide him into the other side of the kitchen. "You can go grab the plates," he says. "They're over there in the cupboard."
"Wow," Dean said sarcastically. "You've been standing here listening to us for all that time, huh? Yeah, Cas, this really looks like a much healthier relationship with no trust issues at all."
It took him a moment to understand what had woken him, because Castiel's voice echoed through to him only softly.
It wasn't the first time that the goddamn volcano that was boiling right under them had spewed up hot steam. It wasn't the first time they'd continued as if nothing had happened.
She narrows her eyes. "Why?"
"Are you okay?" Dean's voice broke and something in Castiel's stomach turned at the tone. He didn't want to think about what it meant.
And what for? Just because they hadn't been able open their mouthes. Only because ignoring things for as long as possible had seemed the easier route than talking it out.
"Yeah, absolutely. I mean, you know I love you but I’d never would have wanted to swap places with Sam. Just imagine… No, thank God, Cas didn’t pick me."
"Well, let’s just hope you’re right and he’s not off somewhere with some angel dicks he still thinks of as his friends."
"You alright?" Dean asks, and then, absurdly, he ends up turning the music down himself, because having to shout over it feels stupid.
"Was that Sam?"
"Yeah." Dean tries to shake the thoughts off again. This is just Castiel, his best friend, the weirdo angel he definitely knows how to act around. "I'm good. Just tired. I wanted to talk to you about what we're gonna do. About Sam."
"Does tomorrow work for you? I’m still at the hospital. The nurses are giving me funny looks so I better go!"
"When you say hallucinations..." Dean runs his palm over his face.
"Alright. We prepared for the math competition, so time passed quickly."
They stop at a café. It’s not Dean’s normal kind of place. It’s small and cosy and clean. But a sign outside claims they have the best pie in town. Magic words to his brother.
Sam shakes his head. "I'm not sure I'd put it like that."
He wanted to make fun of Sam, but he found that he couldn't.
"No," Castiel hurries to say. "No, I was outside with Dean. He advised me to talk to you."
"You still owe me."
Sam keeps falling in and out of sleep.
Because that's what it'd been: A drunken mistake. With an angel, granted, but apart from that it was nothing that hadn't happened to him before.
Had Castiel's eyes always looked so sad?
"You don't?"
Dean huffs out a laugh. "You got me. I guess we could seek out some of the patients who haven't been affected?"
"I understand. You spent a long time with him."
Castiel's hand wanders lower over Sam’s abdominal muscles. This time, the movements feel more organic, less calculating. His fingers slip under the waistband of Sam's boxer shorts. For a brief moment, Sam closes his eyes and manages to focus just on the sensation of Castiel's warm hand and mouth on him.
"No. It was a hypothetical question."
"I don't."
»Disapprove of what?«
Castiel hugged him.
"What are you doing?" Sam doesn't budge from the bed.
"But you thought I lived in celibacy?"
He'd hoped of course, against the odds, that things had been different for Sam. But knowing the state of Sam’s soul after his time in the cage, it hardly came as shock that sexual abuse had been part of the package deal for him.
The motel is only another few minutes away.
"It doesn’t matter."
There's an odd look in Sam's eyes. "All of what?" he asks.
"She is interested in deities and she wanted to see Thor's hammer."
He puts his backpack down next to the bed and takes off his jacket. Despite his tenseness, a yawn escapes his mouth. Castiel looks at him with a fond smile, and Sam tries to reciprocate. He sits down on the bed and unties his shoelaces.
She opens her mouth to say something else when a loud ringing noise stops them.
Dean shrugs.
"It was evidently the wrong answer." Castiel sits up too, throws an almost surprised glance at his erection, before he chooses to study Sam instead. "But I am. Open to anything."
Castiel narrows his eyes. "I don't understand what was different this time."
There’s not one reply.
"Hey Sam," she says, all warmth. "Are you alright?"
His voice was barely above a whisper. Something had changed. Only now that he was thinking about it, did he notice how close they were really sitting. He could see every fine wrinkle under Castiel's eyes. Their interaction had lost all of its lightness. Every word, every movement was like a step into the jungle, in which thousands of dangers lurked.
He exhaled heavily. The thought of what would happen if someone found out about Charlie's existence was weighing on him.
He knows that there've been countless times when he wished to step even closer when the angel's forgotten about the importance of personal space. But he hardly ever does.
"It does. I know your brother. He’s spent his whole life taking care of you. He doesn’t know life any other way."
"Besides, back then I didn't think she’d go and call down heaven because she’s having a bad day.”
"Are there any other kind?" Dean replies. But Cas is right. "We’ll call you if we find something and you’ll let us know, too, right?"
"Hey, um," Sam appears in the doorway. "So the food is ready and on the table now." He's wringing the blue checkered kitchen towel in his hands. He looks tired. "If you guys still need a minute..."
He stayed where he was, near the house, and turned his head upwards. The sky was grey rather than white. Somewhere in the corner of his vision there was a bright spot where he suspected the sun to be much too cold to be crouched down in the snow, wearing nothing but a shirt.
Castiel, standing next to him, presses the back of his hand against Sam’s.
"What do you want to do?" Castiel asked. "We could go to the cinema? Or we could visit that art exhibition you read about recently.”
"Do you know any of them?" Charlie asked.
"You say that about every Motörhead song."
"I don't think I've ever seen a spell or a curse that functions delayed, have you?" Sam asks.
"Charlie." Now Dean emerged from the depth of the engine compartment.
Sam doesn’t have his laptop with him now.
Sam is visibly unhappy, but he doesn't talk back.
"No," Castiel says. "I am not certain I know why I did it. There was a strange tugging feeling inside my chest when I contemplated telling you, as if I were catching a pulmonary disease of sorts. I did not wish to strengthen this sensation and hoped to suffocate it altogether by avoiding this sort of confrontation with you. I did not mean to stay away for so long."
"What, what do you mean?" She stutters. "I'm a therapist! I have a husband and a 10 year old son and a Labrador and - please don't do anything to me!"
Sam’s not even sure if that’s really true. The lines of whose business is whose have long been blurred far too much to be able to tell. He just knows he can’t, won’t, talk about it.
His wrist hurt where the handcuffs pulled his body up in the air. He tried to move, his feet barely scraping the floor. It did nothing to alleviate the pain or get him into a more advantageous position.
“And you left him anyway?" Dean asks. Castiel looks perplexed and a bit scared, as he damn right should. "What the hell, Cas?"
“I'm just trying to understand what's happening and you're not really giving me a lot to work with here. Most of what I know I had to get it out of Cas, because you seem to think what? That I'd just let this slide? That I don't care? I don't get it." Dean puts his hand flat onto the table. "Man, you wouldn't even be sitting here with me now if I hadn't practically forced you to. I get that you're tired and you've been through the wringer, but you can't do this to me." He hates how his voice breaks. "I'm doing this,'' he says, "all of it, I'm doing this for you."
"Why would I be jealous, when I'm a good friend of yours and she is merely a brief sexual encounter?"
Charlie sent another crying emoji.
He’s still trying to figure out exactly what it is he does want. He understands sexual longing just fine, and that’s not quite it. Not all of it, at least.
"Dean and Garth are looking for her. They said I can't do anything from here anyway, and they would handle it. I shouldn't be so worried, should I? I mean she’s a big girl, and what’s the worst that could realistically happen?" He laughed, but he did not sound amused. "They probably just snuck into some party. Years from now we'll probably all laugh about it, right?"
"I don't know why we are like this," Sam says. It's three a.m., they are outside a shitty motel, the sound of the highway in the air. He leans against the stone wall, the bright neon light of the motel sign on his face, and drinks a can of coke - because this shitty day calls for a treat. And what a sad excuse for a treat it is. "I mean, we've always had our ups and downs, but at least I could always pinpoint why."
Maybe he just needs some time to adjust. It has to be like this. Because if it doesn’t-
"Oh, someone is out looking for danger. Pretty brave words for such an old man." This time she caught him by the shirt. He laughed, but Cas could tell that Dean was irritated that his reflexes had let him down. Dean was still attractive. The aging process had been gentle with him - a miracle considering his lifestyle - but the fact that he was older had become visible. There were silver streaks in his dark blond hair and the lines around his eyes had deepened. Sam’s body had also aged, although much less thanks to the magic involved in his resurrection. Castiel hated to dwell on this topic, so he quickly pushed the thought aside.
"Nope," Dean said finally. "I don’t think so."
He's naked, perched between her legs, sifting through the wallet in his hands. No luck. Which is weird, because it was still there last month, when it fell out it in front of the cashier at that corner store. She'd given him a funny look, as if that had been his idea of a smooth move,
Castiel nodded.
"Come on," Sam says, when Castiel has taken the last sip.
"Appetite for Destruction? Really?" Sam raises an eyebrow. "That's getting you all excited?"
"Of course." The fact that he has to ask at all hurts. "If you guys think it's worth a shot."
"I'd like to think it's more complex than that."
A cynical smile formed on Dean’s face. "Don’t hold back, Sam.Tell me what you really think."
"You could do that. But I thought we were trying to build some trust here."
"I'm just checking our current location."
"All of them?" Castiel asks curiously.
"You didn’t sleep well." Castiel shakes his head. He looks at Dean, like he’s asking for confirmation.
"Hey," Sam walks up to his chair. He has to bend down quite far to nestle his chin onto Castiel's shoulder. What's a strained spine for one of these touches that he knows Castiel appreciates.
"I don’t think I gave him a satisfactory answer," Cas muses, looking up at the sky.
Dean stared at Castiel.
“The whole thing." Dean makes a vague motion in Sam's direction. "The whole thing with you and Lucifer."
"School fees? But didn't you say it was a foundation?"
Dean and Castiel are still sitting at the table, unmoved.
"Oh," Sam leans into the car. "Yeah, I guess that’s true. But that's not... that's not because I don't want to. I just didn't want to assume you were comfortable with that."
The tenseness in Sam's face eases up, a firm smile appears, and his eyes... fucking hell, Dean can't look at all this pining.
“Why not?” She didn't sound defiant, just irritated.
"Angels of the Lord," echoed one of the women with her mouth full. "These – how do you call them? Twinkies? They are so..." She was looking for the right word. "Fluffy?"
"No, our sex life isn't.”
Last night, when he’d been sitting in a run-down pizzeria next to Dean and Cas, he hadn’t taken in much of their conversation. He had made himself nod and make the right comments in the right places and no one had noticed that his mind had been elsewhere. He had taken in Castiel and Dean, had considered the reverent look on Castiel’s face while Dean spoke and gesticulated with his hands and feet. Dean had started laughing, roaring - Sam had hiked up the corners of his mouth without knowing what he was supposed to be amused about - and Dean had leaned into Castiel, shaking with laughter. Castiel had smiled then, radiating absolute comfortableness.
He heard the same wording again, this time like a question.
"I don’t know. Monsters, hunters, anyone we’re looking for."
It’s not like Dean literally dictates what he can and can’t do. Talking to him was more of a courtesy to him. It was making sure, just one last time, that Dean wasn’t… well… what exactly? Interested?
For all intents and purposes, Castiel still hasn’t answered. Not really.
Castiel just really likes to listen to Dean talk.
Sam looked at the garment on the floor, which seemed to him almost like a part of Castiel's body. Without the trench coat, he looked completely naked.
Dean got up and walked towards him. Castiel didn't know he was going to do it until Dean stood so close that he feared he was going to try to embrace him - Castiel put up his palms and pushed him against the chest. Dean looked as surprised as he did.
It wasn’t just the feeling of strangeness that persisted. A wave of nostalgic melancholy had grabbed him and taken over the past few days, with the added bonus of making him feel vaguely guilty, although he couldn’t say towards whom.
He felt uncomfortable that Dean had brought his glass down here. He considered mentioning it, but he let it go. There had been enough fighting for today. He was here to seek peace.
"It does not seem very fair." Castiel hasn’t moved. "I don’t think Dean would have preferred me siding with Heaven."
She seemed to be thinking.
"I don’t want to hurt you," Castiel said. He let go of Sam’s hand.
Dean looked up at him. His eyes were red. "And you haven't?"
Of course he did. Sam didn't know why it irked him that Jody Mills was still in Dean's life and not in his. After all, he had never contacted her either. But still. She had been one of the few people in their Dean-and-Sam-Winchester life that he had considered closer to himself than Dean.
"How nice to see you again!" Beth hugged them both, a spatula in hand. "I tried my luck with a pasta bake," she explained. "If you have children, the first thing you learn is that you should always have pasta in the house. Come on in." She pointed to the hallway. "Castiel is already here, he's with Garth in the living room."
"I don't know."
"What?” Sam asked, perplexed.
wish to repeat this experience?" Castiel asks.
"Then I don't think that's currently a viable option, is it?"
Dean eyes them both for an excruciatingly long moment.
"He should know that you'd be able to hunt her kind. You two always make exceptions for some members of the species. Dean's made exceptions for some demons or vampires too, the ones he likes or needs. And still you trust him to fight their kind in general."
The amateur singer had turned to Nirvana and it was much harder to ignore the music now.
Cas and Sam got up at the same time. Sam sat down again and Cas walked over to her.
Sometimes he almost feels like calling up Lucifer and asking him if a particular memory actually happened or if it’s just him playing tricks.
"Come on, Sam, don’t be such a party pooper. Sing along."
But then there are all these safety measures. Uncomfortable reminders of how messed up he is. It turns what is supposed to be enjoyable into a moment of baring his soul; a flashlight onto the broken and rubbed raw and shameful heap that remains when he's undressed and free of pretense.
"I should, shouldn't I? But I don't hate you. I couldn't hate you a few years ago, so how could I now that you're unhappy too?" He laughed without humor and shook his head.
"Cas? Were you angry with your father sometimes?"
Sam huffs out a laugh. "Yeah, that's why I love you, Cas. Because you're so hard to kill."
Dean knits his eyebrows together. "You're doing what where now?"
"And Charlie, what did she say?” Sam asked.
»I know you were just leaving...«
»I was just hoping to provide you with a traditional Christmas.«
"He talks to you about his time in Hell?"
"Well, he always makes sure there's enough for me to eat." She shrugged again. "Even if it's just french fries." She saw his face and wrinkled her nose. "Not another one of your lectures, okay?"
It was hard to tell if it was a question or a conclusion he’d drawn.
"You won't." He squeezed Castiel's hand. "I promise you I won't leave. And Charlie and Sam will be back sooner than you think."
Dean cannot deal with compassion and sympathy right now, and he definitely can't deal with someone studying him. Someone who can smell sex on him. Someone who, if he touches him long enough can see inside him, not just metaphorically. There was that hooker once, Dean remembers: one look inside her eyes and Castiel had known all about her daddy issues and reduced her to tears and fury.
Dean nods. Then he watches Castiel walk out of the kitchen.
He wishes the girl would have looked a bit older and had a less innocent face.
"That really bad time I told you about?" Dean nods towards the house. "When I couldn't even get him to take a shower?" Dean licks his lips. "That happened when Castiel was away. I sent him away to help us with a case, and for a while it didn't go so great for him. He couldn't reach us for a bit and, yeah, Sam didn't take his absence so well..."
"Calm down, Dean. I’m an adult."
It's not Sam's fault his brother keeps trying to tape him together like a shattered teacup. As if it’s possible to somehow make him magically less broken, less fundamentally flawed.
Dean shrugs. "It’s fine." He looks around, pulls at the collar of his t-shirt. "It’s colder out here than I expected."
"No, but you might have been. You’re injured. Something really bad clearly happened to you, if you can’t even heal yourself."
Everyone laughed. Everyone except for Dean. His exuberant good mood had given way to a deep silence and only now Castiel noticed how exhausted he looked. Maybe he shouldn’t have let him drive all the way alone.
"She was a little cat-like," Sam offers.
Castiel turns to him only slowly. "He asked the girl from the counter to show him the whereabouts of the soda machine."
Sam sat down on the bed next to her and picked up the remote control. "Another one, are you sure?"
The words coming out of his mouth hardly seem to matter. They’re clearly not true and Castiel decides to just ignore them.
There's a pause that feels endless. Dean runs a hand down his face. He could take a step away, could just say goodnight and go to bed. But he doesn't, and clearly the stronger part of him doesn't want to either.
He was sure he’d heard wrong. That his brain must have played a trick on him. Surely she had called out to warn him. But in the very next moment he felt everything inside him contract. The pain hit him like a wave.
"Dean." The blue eyes looking back at him were too smart and too grown up. "I don't want to live with him anymore. I just wanted to stay with you."
"These two things aren't mutually exclusive."
"Yeah. I wonder-"
He hates when images of Hell come up. Being tortured, being the torturer, remembering it all makes him feel empty, pointless, unlovable. There's a reason he keeps this shit locked up as tightly as possible. He wishes Sam could do the same. Wishes he could have taught him that, like he taught him how to drive shift, or how to hustle pool.
"Yeah, well.” Dean cleared his throat, and nodded at Charlie. "This one didn't really leave me much of a choice. Sorry we're a little later than I said we'd be."
"Did you tell him why?"
"What is it then?"
"I have to put everything into this little pan?"
He’s close, this close, to turning around and naming every little thing that’s wrong. It would take all night. But he hates whining. And this isn't a night to get all emotional and say a lot of shit he’ll regret.
"Sleep now," was the last thing he heard. An image appeared. Charlie was sitting around a campfire. It wasn't a memory. She was almost an adult, older than Sam had ever known her. She looked beautiful and tough and Sam felt pride flow through him. How could anyone call her disfigured?
Sam glares at him.
"Who thought you’d become such a coffee snob?" He smiles. "Can I keep this?"
Castiel turns his head and catches his gaze. He smiles at him, a full and proper smile across his face.
Dean stood in the hall. When he saw Castiel, he walked off into the direction of his room. Once they were both inside, Dean threw the door shut, sat on his bed and narrowed his eyes at Castiel.
"Goodnight, Dad."
When Garth offered that Charlie could stay with him and his family overnight, Sam felt overwhelmed by all the possibilities that opened up to him. The museum, eating out, reading books —there were so many things to do when you didn't have a child to take care of. Reality hit a little later.
"I don’t know, Dean. Or rather: I think you should talk about things pertaining to Sam with Sam himself."
“Is he going to sign the form over the phone? If not, I don't see the point in calling him."
"Mmm, well, yeah. She's still not your biggest fan." Dean's smile seemed forced. "It'll be fine."
"It’s difficult, knowing how much danger he put Charlie in." The grip on the plate he was rinsing became as firm as if he wanted to break it.
"And Charlie? When were you gonna tell her?"
"Be assured, Dean." He put a hand on his shoulder. Once again he had to physically force himself not to pull him close. "She is fine, Sam is with her."
Dean puts the plate down on Sam's desk, and sits down in the chair.
"Sure."
So that was what this was about.
"Right. You guys can do your alternative bullshit all you want on your own time. But I'm not going to put a stone up my butt or bend myself into a pretzel, because some guy realized he wanted a little more from life and ran off."
"Why don't you just let her down?"
»I thought-« Sam drew in air sharply. »I thought it would be better for you, too."
Sam swallows hard.
"We killed her, yeah."
"Of course. Why not? Gotta eat something anyway."
Dean nodded, then the door closed and they were alone again.
Dean turned around and stood almost nose to nose with him. He inhaled sharply.
"So," Sam says wryly. "How are you liking your first date? Is it everything you hoped for and more?"
"I wrote an email to Jody earlier," Sam says. "If she gets back to me tonight, maybe I can go from there."
"I'm getting my weapons. Better safe than sorry."
"Dean, listen to me: Charlie made an emergency call via angel radio. It won't be long before all the angels-"
"Wedding present." She had already turned to leave. "Come on."
"So you don't feel seen as who you truly are most of the time?"
Dean's fingers seemed to burn his skin, the touch such a shock to his system that it knocked the air out of Castiel's lungs. He could feel the impact on a molecular level, the missing puzzle piece. It would never feel like they didn't belong together.
"I know you are," Cas says. He doesn’t say it’s okay, and he shouldn’t, because it’s not. Still, Dean wishes he could be absolved that easily.
"Yeah."
"I don't make him do anything," Sam says. "And we don't watch half as many movies as you think."
Sam's phone rings. He ignores it at first, focused on the crease on Castiel's forehead, the puzzlement on his face. It won't stop ringing and  he answers. It's Jody. She thinks it could be a deity. Sam listens, asks some questions and thanks her for her help. Deities makes sense. It fits his gut feeling.  There's a memory in the back of his head, a vague notion that he's once killed something that fits the bill. But it's like he's watching scenes from a movie, vague and off-color. He's got a lot of these kinds of memories and sometimes it takes a while to dissect which ones are truly his. He's too tired for this now. And hungry, he realizes. He's not had anything since breakfast. It will have to wait until the next morning. Sam pulls his hand out of Castiel's and goes to brush his teeth in the bathroom.
Sam feels tempted to ask, but he’s not sure if there’s any answer that would actually satisfy. He knows this is not going to work if he’s second guessing everything Cas says. Honesty and clarity in words is important, but so is taking a leap of faith.
»Me...?«
"But Dean enjoys old movies, too," Castiel says.
"Do you remember that horrible date Dean sent me on last month?" he asked. He wasn’t sure why it popped into his head just then.
Ten. They can do ten easily.
She smoothes her apron, as she eyes Castiel curiously.
"Aw, cute, sass. Keep it up." The smell of sulfur gets stronger as he leans in. "You know you miss me, but you don’t know why. I think it’s partially ‘cause I’m actually nicer to you than you are."
Of course he doesn’t.
He starts unbuttoning Sam’s shirt because there’s no way that Sam is going to get out of his stupor now by himself. And there’s no way Dean will just leave him like this.
Castiel closed his eyes and tried to stop questioning, when Dean went down to kneel before him and took him in his mouth. It shouldn't feel like an apology and Castiel wasn't sure if Dean meant as such a gesture. At the very least, it was much more pleasant than arguing, and Castiel's body responded as required. His hands wandered into Dean's hair because he knew Dean liked it and found it encouraging. He groaned softly as Dean flicked his tongue in a way that Castiel had never really understood how it functioned and why his body reacted so strongly to it - but they knew each other well, knew their bodies, and Dean was good at what he was doing.
"You are not going to die."
"What do you mean?"
There's no sound coming from the backseat, but Dean is sure Castiel must be curious too.
"Hello, Castiel." She seemed very surprised to see him.
Castiel is still feeling weak and isn't quite himself. But truth be told, he's always had a thing for the humanized version of the angel. Well, he kind of has a thing for most versions of him, but there's something about his more human vulnerability that speaks to Dean. It feels familiar. He knows how to take care of people who need help with clearly defined things. Not sure how to eating works? Boom, done. Just follow my lead with these burgers and you'll be fine. Never had a girl before? There's a great place I know, where they'll let you do anything. Physical human needs he understands, he can work with those. He can help purposefully.
Dean turns around to Castiel. "What are some of the other names you got? Anyone else who might have a yoga connection?"
"No," he says and picks up his rag again. "I could lie. I did lie. A lot actually."
Sam turned to the fridge and took out a small bottle of water. He leant against the kitchen counter, his long legs outstretched, looking tired and down-beaten. Castiel came to stand opposite him, not far away.
"I'm fine."
"The place?"
"Not with my FBI patch it wasn't. I think I might have scarred the old lady at the counter for life, though. What about you, any progress?"
"Hey." Dean nods. "Did you get to take care of whatever you wanted to take care of?"
Dean takes off.
"He loves you," Sam said.
"You're not useless." Frustration crops up inside of Dean. Hearing Castiel speak like this hurts. Dean should be able to show him it's bullshit. Castiel's the most wondrous being he's ever met. "Dude, you're so not useless. You're an angel," Dean offers lamely, "and a great soldier."
Castiel nodded towards the purchases. "Is this all for the party?”
"He's not high." Castiel looks at him grimly. "Don't exaggerate."
Castiel slides a little closer on the desk to Sam. His leg touches Sam's knee now. He bends down a little, frames Sam's face with his hand. Sam closes his eyes without thinking.
“No," Sam shakes his head, a quick succession of different emotions splaying over his face. "It wasn't bad at all."
"Yes."
Charlie shifted uneasily on his lap. Dean looked at her. "Are you alright?"
"Hey, calm down," Dean put a firm arm around her shoulder. It was a gesture that Charlie would never have tolerated from Castiel. She leaned closer towards Dean. "There's no point in blaming each other, okay?" Dean said.
Dean showed him the inside of his hands, shrugged, and then took the burrito of its plate again.
"Just checking the news, Sam." There's a half-drunk beer bottle on the bedside table. Sam can't figure out where Dean's got it from. They just arrived. Dean picks up the bottle and takes a swig. His duffel bag lies unopened in the middle of the room. Dean looks up. "What do you want?"
"You better just do what he asks of you," Akiko says.
"Come on, this is pointless."
"No," Castiel answers. "I was simply unsure what you were asking of me, when you kissed me."
"Mhm," Castiel makes a noise of concentrated contemplation. "I have never thought about this."
"Are you sure?"
"Uh, good luck teaching him to cook," Dean says, leaning against the doorframe. "That's going to be a disaster."
"Yeah, but-" Sam rubbed over his forehead. "What if she mentions stuff like that to the wrong person?"
"Sam, I..."
"I don’t understand what you are trying to tell me with this anecdote."
Castiel turned to him so that her knees touched. "Is everything okay?"
Sam opens the soda water with a loud clang.
Honestly? It’s not as difficult as he thought it'd be.
"Well, good then." Dean's knuckles tap against the wooden table. "Great talk."
"He did seem relieved, but at the same time he looked almost disappointed." Sam turned to him and framed Castiel’s face with his hands. "You know what he is like. You know how self-sacrificing he can be." Sam shook his head. "As a child he always said that he just wasn’t really hungry. It took me years to figure out that sometimes there just wasn’t enough for the both of us."
"We don't really know her that well."
"Forget it." Sam puts his hands inside his pockets, and looks up into the sky. He shakes his head, huffs. He should have started somewhere else. He should have started retracing their steps.
"It’s alright. I don’t think we both need to go. I was only going to check it out."
"You sure you’re not describing someone else?" Sam mutters and Dean can’t even tell which of them he’s referring to. "I really don’t understand what your problem is. Cas isn’t stupid. If he says he’s just checking out if there’s a case, why would I question that?"
Dean lets go of the glass and it swings back into a full stand. "No, I really don't. Neither does Cas."
"Akiko. I told her what we found out."
When Sam gets up, both Dean and Castiel look at him surprised.
"Forget it."
"It was about Charlie's grace," he explained.
He left the rest of the sentence unspoken.
Dean slowly let go of the gun.
Sam laughed again and bent down to the bed, to put a soft hand onto Castiel's cheek. Then his face grew grim again. "So I guess I'm going to venture into the teenage dragon's den now and try to wake up the sleeping monster."
For a split second he imagines telling the truth or some variant of it.
Technically, it's not been long since they've last kissed, but it feels like a lot of time has passed since.
"Yeah," Sam lets his arms fall to his sides. "I guess you would know." There's an awkward pause. "I'm not sure why I told you all of this," Sam says, rubbing over his eyes. "I guess this wasn't what you wanted us to talk about."
She nodded and brushed a strand of her dark hair from her face.
He checks the kitchen and his own room. It's probably nothing, but with Sam's recent behavior he's less worried about an intruder than whatever Sam’s brain might have cooked up.
"I didn't almost die because of you. I almost died because I wreaked havoc in Heaven, because I was acting obstreperously and because angels find it easier to kill their own kind than to think for themselves. Most of them still think insubordination is the greatest sin, as if the past years hadn't happened. As if they couldn't just open their eyes and see for themselves."
"You okay with that?" Dean asks.
"You found a case?" Dean asks. "When? How?"
"Okay?" She follows him. "That's not the kind of reaction I was expecting. You don't sound surprised."
They're quiet, while they examine each other carefully.
"Dad?"
"You already loved each other back then, didn't you? And your love produced me?”
Sam looks at him, waiting.
Well, if this isn’t just a really bad joke. That’s what you get for trying.
Before they reach the door, Castiel turns around to him quickly, so they almost bump into each other.
Dean leaves his plate half-eaten behind, grabs one of the newly bought bottles of a cheap-looking brand of whiskey and leaves the room.
"Yum yum," she repeated impatiently. Her face still showed no emotion.
Hell and sex, then: the only places Sam has ever let go.
"Awesome." Dean turns to Castiel.
In Sam’s pocket, his phone is vibrating. He reads Dean’s message, still on his knees.
"Not deities," Sam says, a little less sure. He looks around the motel room, trying to spy his tablet.
"I'll get us more drinks." While Sam and Castiel fought their way through the crowd of people who poured into the hall, Charlie got up. "I'll be right back."
"Okay, so-" Castiel looked around helplessly and then settled his gaze on Sam. "Then we should carry out the custom that you were talking about."
Relationship.
"I mean, I understand if you don't want to. But you can."
Sam didn't look satisfied with the answer, but he dropped the subject.
There is no one outside on the street. Not that he's sure he would notice if there was. He carries her to her car. Should he give her a hunter's funeral? No, he has to inform the family. Maybe he should have left her in the house and let the police take care of her. But he can't seriously entertain the notion. He knows she's dead because of him and his hesitation.
"Where's Cas?" Dean pours them both a glass. He sits down and shoves Sam's drink into his direction.
"You really want to go to bed now?" Dean asks incredulous, as Sam walks over to his mattress.
"Dean," he hears Castiel say, right behind him. At least he hopes it's actually Castiel and not the thing he's beating up, but the smashed in face below him is calm now.
"Ever thought about moving?" Dean asks.
"What is? Huh?"
They share a quick glance. Sam thinks about saying something sympathetic, telling her that's just how Dean is. But she's already changing the topic. "What did you tell that woman anyway?"
"Can I ask something that is not related to your personal issues?" Castiel says after a while of silence.
"Did he say he would be waiting here?"
"But then he changed his mind and realized you’re brother is much nicer and isn’t such an ass to everyone all the time."
"They could fire me."
"You tell me."
Dean nodded several times. His eyes were still narrowed, but the remaining muscles of his face were slowly relaxing. "I’m sorry, Cas.”
"That would be a first." Dean breathes out. "Anyway, I’m sure Cas will be back soon and help you with your… thing."
"What?” he asked, breathless.
"Yeah, definitely." The curtain has been drawn, but there's a small slit of white light coming through the window pane.
"You should get a haircut.“
"There’s no car," Dean says brusquely.
"But I don't want to get between your agreement with Dean."
"What do you want to hear? How bad it all was? You want to hear how angry I was? Why I didn’t leave?" He clutched the steering wheel tighter. "Sam was really unwell back then. I think it was this mixture of lying to me, all those crazy hormones, him panicking about becoming a parent and all the unprocessed hell trauma." He laughed. "I really thought I was losing him."
It takes a while until Cas answers in a slow and steady voice. "You are a good person, Sam Winchester."
"When's the last time you've taken a shower?" He can see his brother think, actually
When he closes his eyes, he can sense Castiel and Jessica right next to him. And if he concentrates hard, for moments at a time, he manages to see only the beautiful scenes, those dipped in the light of late summer days and through a Gaussian filter.
Dean opens the trunk and grabs a t-Shirt that Sam’s pretty sure has been in there for years. It’s definitely not been washed. It’s blood-free but not stain-free.
"I don't think there's anyone better out there." Dean's lips are wet enough, there's no need to keep sliding his tongue over them, yet he does it. "You're perfect." Dean bites down on his lower lip and dares himself to cast a glance at Cas, to gauge his reaction. "You're perfect for each other."
"Where?"
"No, seriously. What about my behavior is confusing to you? I’m always an open fucking book."
Dean halts, turns to him.
It’s late in the evening on a Saturday night. They’re all sitting together doing research out of habit rather than necessity.
"I’m not sure. I didn’t count. Ten, maybe?"
"Alright…"
Sam cringed. "Even if it's not, it's definitely not something he'd want to be reminded of. And especially not by her.”
The diner is crowded, busy with families, couples and a few lone wolves uncomfortably squeezed together at the counter. Most of them look like regulars to Sam. From the little he's seen of the town, this seems the only spot people consider worth visiting anyway. Either the food is actually good or there's no real alternative around. Most people are taking advantage of the cheap pancake stacks.
They smiled apologetically.
Charlie nodded. "Unfortunately." She turned to her husband. "You got to know, Sam fought an eternal fight against windmills because he wanted to get me to eat more healthily." She took a sip from her glass. "He had a phase in Seattle where he only used spelt flour in everything. When I was supposed to bring a cake to school, people actually spat it out."
Sam pulls away, takes a step back.
Sam shook his head and left the library. Castiel paused for a moment and considered going back to his research, but decided to follow Sam instead.He caught up with him in the hallway and put his hand on Sam's shoulder. It felt good to touch him, even if it was such a short and seemingly insignificant amount.
Sam pulls a face like he's sucking on a lemon.
"Okay, what do you want? I doubt they have anything fancy though."
It was quiet between them again. Somewhere in one of the adjoining rooms, they heard a couple fight.
He'd never gotten this out of his head. Stalking.
All the while, finding ways how to make sense of all the lights
Sam forces himself to speak the next words even though he hates it. "I'm trying to say that you don't have to try and find the fault in you, if you're unsure about this. I understand if this is too much for you."
"Uncle Dean?"
"And how do normal brothers spend time together?"
"I'm sorry about this morning. I didn't want to freak out like that but sometimes Sam makes me so angry."
The two cups of coffee in his hands offer a pleasant tingling of heat against his skin, as do the sparse rays of sunshine on his face.
»So you and Cas, huh?« Sam said, eyes fixed on Dean.
He knows Sam hates this, long before he makes a move to lower the volume ever so slightly.
Sam runs a hand over his face. Occam's razor. It's always best to start with the simplest solution. It's important to have structure, something to adhere to even when your mind is spinning out of control. The worst image is not the one that they're already dead; the worst one is where they are on the brink of dying. Where Sam could save them if only he acted right now. If only he took the perfect steps towards them.
"Inevitably?"
"My old assistant had to leave because she was pregnant last year. Do you know how hard it is to find someone trustworthy and hard-working nowadays?"
"So there's no real record," Sam understands. "But maybe if we dig deeper, local newspapers, ask around."
"Weeks, whatever. Is that really it? You think I can't be apart from my baby brother for a hot second without going crazy?"
"Who am I going to commit to when we’re always on the road and working cases anyway? We don’t have the greatest dating pool."
"What should I do differently?" Castiel asks, in a neutral tone, as if Sam's teaching him something mechanical with a clear manual to follow. How to change a lightbulb or repair a vacuum cleaner maybe.
"So fucking typical," Sam mumbles.
"It’s possible," Castiel says.
Dean wondered which of her two fathers had called her back and why she was quiet for so long.
"Maybe we could try retracing his steps," Sam suggests, mainly so Castiel will stop looking at him that way. Then his phone rings.
He meant it as a quip.
"And have I ever broken a promise to you?"
Kissing Cas is good. It's very real.
Sam open his eyes.
Sam gives him a small smile that's so full of a bad conscience, that Dean can't help himself.
Cas is looking up at him, wide-eyed. "I'm not sure what you are asking of me."
"Yes, of course. And I meant: we went to the courthouse to get a certificate. We didn't have a wedding or anything."
They glare at each other for a moment.
"I didn't do anything."
He rubbed over his temples.
"This isn't about me, Sam," Dean says after a pause. "This is just me wanting to make sure you are fine. And you think you are, right?"
Charlie looked up from her textbook and considered him. In addition to preparing for the SATS, they had started to incorporate books into her lessons that were intended for college freshmen. In general, Charlie had seemed interested in the contents of "Introduction to Psychology”. But today she was going on tangents every five minutes. Her thoughts were clearly somewhere else.
"I'm not doing anything." Dean lowers the glass.
"You guys talk about me?" Sam’s eyes were big, something between fear and irritation in them.
"Who did you see instead?"
"Honestly," Dean says in a hushed voice. "I'd probably feel better if it wasn't just residue craziness. Especially if his and your idea of dealing with it is... not to."
"It was nice killing something that looked like you?"
"And afterwards?" Castiel's gaze is unreadable. Sam wishes it weren't. He'd prefer clean cut anger to this.
Dean hates Portland. He's not a fan of big cities on principle, what with the horrible traffic and  lack of parking. All that crime and the anonymity that lets monsters and demons blend into the background seamlessly. The way these ever-changing metropolitan areas look different each time you drop by every couple of years. It all sets his teeth on edge. But Dean's hate for Portland is more specific, more personal. He's always had a sense of affinity towards the underdog. He feels most at home among freaks. But he can't stand people play-acting at being different. All the pretentious art and the frou-frou hippy cafés and people who think claiming they're alternative makes them actually special. As if they knew what living on the edge of society actually meant. They all look the same to him and they all make his blood boil.
"What? You know it's true. They'd agreed that I could stay with you over the summer. But then they had this brilliant idea to get married. I mean they didn't even ask me about it!"
Dean’s field of vision turned red.
"What are you watching?"
Castiel looked at him, even more curious now.
"What happened?" Sam asks.
"What? You want to go to Oregon because some people are breaking up? That’s not just not a case for us, that’s not a case for anyone. And it’s over 20 hours in the car."
"Dean, I'm not sure if it's a good idea."
Sam huffs and shakes his head. She tells him they're in a judgement-free zone.
"Dean?" Sam lets out an audible breath. "Are you okay?"
"You want her to wake up and be all alone?"
"You gotta work with me here, Cas," Sam says. "I don't know what you want of me right now." He searches Castiel's eyes. "Are you angry with me?"
"I guess you do, yeah."
"Why did you get mad at him?"
Not that he wants anyone else to look into the gaping black hole that is his soul.
Castiel’s hand is still on his. Dean has no intention of pulling away.
But even if the world was ending right now, he'd still feel heartache. The small stuff doesn't evaporate, you just shove it aside. He remembers feeling petty and petulant towards Sam even during the looming apocalypse. He knows how to swallow down pain well enough, but at some point you're so full of it, you need to find an outlet to make some space. Maybe it doesn't have to be a full blown apocalypse, but he's gonna have to find something to take his mind off.
To his surprise, Castiel's face darkened. He stood up. "No, Dean. That is not enough. I can speak with whoever I want, in whatever language I want. If you can give me a good reason why I shouldn’t, I am always ready to reconsider. But I don't obey your every order.”
"Let’s just talk about something else." Dean recognizes the tension in Sam's voice. Castiel either doesn’t, or chooses to ignore it.
There was little Sam regrets as much as falling for her, but there comes a point when apologizing over and over again for the same thing just feels hollow.
Cas turns on his side as well, facing him. He doesn’t even blink.
"Awesome. Fan-fucking-tastic."
Something happening to your soul or your subconsciousness is letting you believe it happened. What’s the difference?
"Look, a diplodocus! Did you know that they loved to eat aquatic plants?"
"It's not," Sam repeats.
"She is a Winchester."
Dean eyes them coldly, as he closes the door. He’s got two cans of soda with him.
Sam looks up at the lingering waitress. She pushes out her hip and puts a hand onto her waist.
"That sounds really interesting." At first, Sam had assumed that Castiel was talking to Charlie, but his eyes had still been on Sam's face. "I would like to watch that movie too."
"Sam?"
"I'm not treating you like a child. I'm treating you like someone who fucked up."
Sam turns away to look first at his leg and then at the spilled coffee. He sputters out a laugh. "Looks like I didn't think this through." He smiles at Castiel and takes a step back to give him a look-over. "It got you too."
"No." Sam shakes his head. "It's not about being fair, I don't think."
He expects a more thorough explanation of what happened inside. He’s disappointed when it doesn’t come.
It took a moment for Sam to speak.
"I brought one back for you too, Sammy. You never drink enough."
"You were having nightmares again," he finally says.
The feeling of something heavy crashing into the back of his head is familiar. Sam tumbles forward, his face makes contact with the tarred ground, something pointy scratching his cheek.
"You weren’t. I underappreciated the tensions between you two. I see now that a serious discussion about your aspirations, canine or otherwise, only gets more difficult with an audience."
"What do you mean, nothing? That’s it? Was it super sloppy? Did you wipe your mouth afterwards and offended him or something?"
Sam is lying on a mattress. He's writhing underneath the woman sprawled over him. She is nestled on his hips, feeding from his neck with her eyes closed.
Castiel wrung his hands. Dean could tell that he grew uncomfortable. "Near Washington."
Sam blinks at him, trying to figure out if he's joking or not. "You don't wanna... I don't know..."
He hates how that sounds. Of course they’re still going to spend time together, as long as Castiel’s here. How could they not when he’s helping them hunt.
"No, she's at school."
"But I love you too, Sam. I have loved you for so many years."
Sam and Cas’ bodies move differently together now, he thinks, as he watches them walk towards the door. Their legs seem to be more in sync, their movements tuned into each other’s like they're doing a choreography. Like some really fucked up artsy dance performance, where Dean gets to be the spectator just by fucking chance.
Dean stares. "What is that even supposed to mean?"
Sam smiled mildly.
He was still looking at her. He hadn't seen enough of her in the past two years, and he was trying to soak up as much of her as he could before they said goodbye. She already looked so much like a teenager, but it felt like he'd carried her in his arms to make her fall asleep just minutes ago.
Sam moved his hand through the powdered snow that covered the wood.
The room is different to the rancid motel rooms they normally stay in. It's more of a mom-and-pop bed and breakfast, that they chose because it’s conveniently located just down the street.
It's fine, it's pretty good. It's unexpected sex with a really hot woman in the back of his car. Of course, it's fine. So his shoulder is hurting a bit more than he's let on, and now that they're really going for it, Dean finds it hard to just let go. He's a bit too focused on the mechanics of this. It's not like it's been a very long time since he's done that. Dean is many things but insecure in his sex life is usually not one of them. It's just, he's kind of overthinking this, and he doesn’t know why.
"What am I doing?"
Another puzzled look.
Dean tenses his shoulders and then relaxes them.
The critical, worried expression on Bobby’s face was hard to miss.
"Turns out, that's just a misconception. They did some really shoddy research back in the day and people held on to it for ages. Nowadays, we know that a pack of wolves is basically just a family. The leaders of a pack are always the parents and the rest of the pack is made up of their children. But get this: that's not true for werewolves —or vampires, for that matter. A pack of werewolves or a nest of vampires is actually constructed exactly like scientists used to think wolf packs were. Isn't that super weird?"
Critical eyes follow him as he pushes Castiel's shirt off. His thumb rests on Castiel's clavicle, hard and real, as he goes in for another kiss.
Damn it, he sounds positively insane. He never used to get this crazy around Castiel, before he tried to adjust his feelings and behavior. Next thing he'll faint at the sight of bare angel ankles.
"I’ve been here for about an hour."
"I understand that it can be a very confusing topic for humans." Sometimes Castiel could be almost too patient with the prophet. He turned to Jason and explained: "There are different ways to get in and out of heaven, and the resurrection of a body differs according to that."
Sam couldn't tell how much time had passed since he had been brought back into his heaven. It could have been hours or centuries. He had been looking for the exit for so long and still hadn't found anything. He had rejected every beautiful memory, had pushed away the fake versions of Dean, Castiel and Charlie over and over again - but it cost him more and more strength each time. When he opened his eyes and Castiel stood in front of him in his brown trench coat, he didn't even bat an eyelid.
»Cas.«
Sam hangs up, and glances towards the table where Castiel has sat up with Sam's laptop. Seeing him in Dean's clothes is like looking in a funhouse mirror. It makes him uncomfortable, but he can hardly tell him to get changed just because the image of his brother and Castiel merging makes him feel weird.
"Are you back together with Dad?" she asked and twisted one of her long strands of black hair around her finger.
He's been out all day, at a freaking library of all places, miles away, to get a book that Sam insisted might help, while him and Cas have stayed in the bunker to do more research.
"You are no such thing. It is only natural you would not consider your life fair. You were only created to serve as a vessel for Lucifer after all."
Why asking, when he doesn’t want to hear the answer.
He suppressed the urge to hug Dean, as he had suppressed it so many times before. It had become commonplace to recognize these needs and push them away.
"I know, I know." She pushed a strand of hair from her forehead. "It wouldn’t have worked."
Sam stops him. "No. Definitely not. This is not going to happen again. I won't let you."
"Yeah, that sounds like him."
"Sam? What the hell are you doing here?"
He watched his brother chop a carrot with a concentrated look on his face. The knife he used looked comically small in his large hand.
Jody's voice grows softer, as he tells him of another sighting of the Impala. "Where?" Sam asks, and before she's finished talking, he speeds up the car.
"I wasn’t asking anything. I honestly have no idea what I’m doing half the time, anyway. And now you…" He swallows hard.
Castiel looks down at himself, back at Dean, and then he pulls it over his head. He rolls it up inside his lap before. Dean leans over, picks it up and throws it into the backseat. "It's just been bugging me," he says.
"I love you too," Castiel said.
Atonement is supposed to be feel almost unbearably difficult.
Dean can picture Castiel's face confused when he replies. "Sam is. I'm not. He told me to come here and then meet you at the morgue after." There's a pregnant pause. "Did he not text you this information?"
"It's not like we're actually paying with our own money."
He has a serious expression on his face.
Castiel nods.
"So you didn't stop the apocalypse?"
Sam ran a hand through his hair again. "You didn’t notice?"
"Will do," Dean promises. "But that might take a while."
Charlie’s and Jason’s apartment was small but furnished in such a way that it seemed to come straight from one of the young, alternative living magazines that lay on the side table. Everything in the kitchen was made of wood; the floor, the cupboards, even the huge dining table, which took over most of the kitchen.
Sam knows. So he tells himself he’s fine with it. There’s no point in not being fine with it, when there’s nothing he could do to change it.
"Dean, but-"
He might have said more, but Castiel had already turned around to leave.
"The case? The one we just solved?"
"Dean, are you okay?"
"I've spent all these years telling Dean that there's nothing going on between us and that he's just being paranoid for no good reason - and now I went and slept with you, just because I was angry."
"What are you worried about?"
"There's nothing you can't share with me."
"What?" Dean stares at Castiel for a moment, before emitting a tirade of "What do you mean?"s and "Why are you only saying this now?"s.
"The waitress likes you," Dean explains. "She was just negging you. You know, insulting you in a flirty way."
"I don't want any."
"Thank you," he says and then turns his attention back to the screen.
"Maybe there's more than one," Sam says.
"It was a long day," Dean says and downs the last of his beer, sets it down. His knuckles knock on the table. "Night."
"I might be talking out of my ass here, but I just thought you both looked… stable."  She repeats the word. He's wondered before, how people perceive him and Castiel. When Dean is around people hardly notice; there is little to notice. And when they're by themselves in public Sam is very conscious about whenever they slip into something that could be construed as couply. When Sam takes Cas' hand, or the rare times when they kiss with an audience, he always feels more eyes on them then there are. Rationally he knows that if people were staring in irritation, it would most likely just be homophobia. But he's always felt it was something different. Rather as if people were surprised at the both of them together specifically.
"She thought of Veritas. But it obviously can't be her. Since —"
He remembers when he stopped fighting, even though it was so long ago. It feels childish now that he ever tried.
»Which one of these are we dealing with? She didn't seem like she'd just wanted to bring us a pack of gummy bears.«
"Yeah,  I was completely blindsided. One of our friends - he went to high school with Greg - he thinks that Greg went crazy. That it was a psychosis. But I don't believe that."
Castiel must feel the tension in Sam's body; he puts a hand on his knee, the rolled up lapel scratching over the jeans. Then he asks: "What is the plan for tomorrow? Are we splitting up to meet the people on my list?"
The reflection that greets him in the glass of the soda machine shows a tired, disgruntled looking man. Not quite young, but younger than the centuries he remembers living.
Anger is not a strong enough word to describe the way he feels when they’re too late to save a victim. Especially when it’s his fault. It makes him feel almost numb. There’s already so little point to any of this —lately hunting feels more like aimlessly poking around in an anthill with a stick than actively doing good.
She hesitates for a moment, runs a hand over her shirt. She's not wearing her fake police uniform anymore. When they got to her car she pulled a T-Shirt from the backseat and changed in the middle of the street. Sam had turned away to give her privacy that she had neither seemed to expect or particularly wanted.
"Then why do it? Why did you think you could tell him but not me? Did you think I would overreact? I already know Charlie is getting more and more of her grace back. How could I not have noticed? I'm still her father!”
He hasn’t been doing that at all. Not since he’s been back from the trip Dean sent him on.
"Right."
1.- No matter which way he turns it, he’s lied to Sam and even given the opportunity to take it back he had lied again. All the reasons for that big and finite "no, not interested" seem silly and small and unimportant now, but it’s not the kind of lie that you can just take back.
He’s not sure who he’s more angry with, with himself for making him go or with Cas for getting hurt.
"No." Castiel shakes his head. "No, I know he is quite an unusual person. But that wasn't just some character quirk."
"Don't worry about it, I can give you one of mines."
"I'm not saying I buy into it, I'm just saying: What if?" Sam touches his chest. So goddamn earnest. "Maybe whoever is doing this, is doing it to make the world a better place. Maybe it's not working out for a few people, but maybe the net sum is positive?"
"Oh, it was me - I went to check my phone for the time and I said something about Charlie and -"
"Are you serious?" She crossed her arms. "Dean is visiting for the first time ever and you're sending me to my room?"
"I'll have to check the Canadian border area next," Sam says, and opens another tab, when Castiel's hand lands on his over the track board of his laptop.
She gestures with her hand. She wants him to go on.
Dean's naked feet on the kitchen floor were starting to get cold. "Because I don't want Charlie's English to suffer?"
He heard Dean's loud voice and Castiel's soft answers, but he didn't understand what they were saying. He didn't want to understand any of it, either.
"You think I wanted this?" Sam shook his head. "You think I enjoy being the center of attention like this?“ He took a breath. "I love Castiel, I really do. And I would have loved to have had a few more years with him, even if -" He paused. "And Charlie. She's so smart and strong and beautiful, and I wish I could see her when she -"
"I wasn’t just talking about dying. You could get hurt in other ways. Both of you. I mean, what’s gonna happen when you’ll inevitably split up?"
"Intense how?"
"Dean," Castiel says. In that especially gravel-toned voice that always does things to Dean's insides. "Are you sure you don’t want my help?"
"I know it's so silly but sometimes I just wish you could just be my big brother again. The one person I know I can always count on."
"I don't get it.” Dean shook his head. "She's not even gonna be around.”
"Because you always loved doing that. From the first time I was ever interested in anyone… You even did when you met Jess."
It looks quite sad like this, deserted half-eaten on his plate. It doesn’t look any different, when they’re leaving. Dean’s too full to do anything about it.
"I tend to think so, yes." Castiel looks up, searches Sam's face. "You seem unhappy about it."
Dean and Castiel leave without asking him to come along yet another time.
"I guess," Sam admits, drawing small wet circles with his glass onto the table.
"Either one."
"You wouldn't be here if you truly knew me," Sam says. "You'd be disgusted."
Why does it feel like Castiel is always on Dean's side when it comes to these things. Sam doesn't want him to take his side on principle either, but it would be nice if Castiel didn't defend Dean when he doesn't even have the full picture.
Castiel grips Sam’s arm, and steadies him, before Sam realizes he needs steadying.
She wants to go with them, but Sam tells her that's not a good idea. He tells her that it's going to be fine. He hears himself say those words and not believe them.
"Yes," Cas stops coughing but still looks tense. "I'm fine."
She was silent.
He simply can’t right now.
Castiel reached out and gently put his fingers onto Sam's forehead. He left them there longer than necessary, and before pulling it away, he pushed the strand of hair that had been driving him mad behind Sam's ear.
"Why do you make your patients repeat all these lines about being true to yourself?" Sam asks, his voice in de-escalation mode.
"No, you –"
Dean points to the young man with the tattoo.
Sometimes it is still difficult, after all these years, to fuse this ripped and muscled torso with the image of Sam in his mind.
"Yeah, Cas told me about that once."
"They think you created her on purpose to..." Sam was struggling for the right words. "... And that you could produce more?" He shook his head "That's nuts!"
"She will awake well-rested in the morning. I gave her pleasant dreams.”
Sam wishes he had something more profound, something about the case and not his mouth hygiene. "You got a spare toothbrush for me?"
He wants Castiel to laugh or at least crack a smile, but he just looks red-faced and spooked.
in this guy, Sam?  Listen, how about this: You send this idiot away for a bit, and I'll help you solve this thing real quick."
"Well, I didn't really think it would be bleeding. It was more the force of the blow. I think I'll just have to live with a headache for a bit."
"The metal bowl? It’s in the other cupboard now. Charlie rearranged everything some time ago."
Jason nodded, a look on his face as if he was resigned to his fate.
»Thanks,« he smiled tiredly at Dean.
Dean breathed out a shaky breath.
"How can you care about that now? I want to know what happened to Charlie!”
Light rain had started, so he operated the wipers.
"Are you okay, Dean?"
»Festive!« Bobby huffed. »What the hell is this? Did you do this?«
"We believe you're in danger," Sam interrupts her.
Castiel catches his eyes, nods and slowly unravels out of Sam's arms. For a second it seems as if he's going to hug Dean, but he halts. Something inside Dean uncurls burning hot.
"I’m talking about you and me. But it’s up to you. I don’t want you to live a life that makes you unhappy."
This will be over in a second, he knows.
"Did Patrick say anything to you?"
Sam’s lips are just as soft as the first time, but now he has more time to appreciate them, as neither of them pulls away quickly.
"But you’ve had dogs," Castiel says, like he doesn’t get the difference between owning a pet and a bunch of stinking cows.
Hang on. Sneak out? What exactly was he accusing Castiel of right now?
There’s only this.
"Stuff?" Castiel repeats.
"Fuck!"
"He must have." Sam shrugs. "Otherwise, I would have remembered, wouldn't I? Later that day they both acted totally normal around me. Like nothing had happened. So I figured... I mean, I was really young. I felt weird about it but I also didn't really have anything to compare it to. Maybe I figured watching your father threaten your brother with a kitchen knife wasn't that big of a deal?" It sounds absurd said out loud.
He hesitates a moment before leaving the room. There’s a lot of things he wants to know. But maybe he’s better off asking Castiel when he returns. Which he will. Because he always does. Because he can’t not come back when Dean’s sent him away himself.
Better sooner than later, this way it will hurt less.
"Dean, I’m sorry." Castiel is still slouching in his armchair, but he looks a bit more alive. "I’m really not sure what happened."
Castiel will revert back to being disgusted, to keeping a distance from Sam, as far away as possible as staying close to Dean will allow him.
"I told you. Because I was curious if he'd seen her again," Castiel says, he takes a small step closer to Sam. "Were you reading something into my question that I didn't intend?"
What am I doing here, acting like you and I make any sense together?
"You are you here cause you want something." He turned his head. "You look like shit. Like you haven't slept and eaten in weeks. And you look desperate, so I'm guessing there's trouble in paradise. Maybe being with Castiel isn't all that. Maybe now, the honeymoon phase is over, you're starting to see how much being with an angel can fuck you up. Maybe I'm not the only one capable of running relationships into the ground."
When Castiel got dressed and entered the kitchen, Charlie was already sitting in her seat, stirring her soy yogurt. The mood was so tense that Castiel could feel the sparks flying between her and Sam.
"I'm good."
»I think I'll hit the hay.«
"How are you feeling?" Castiel asks. Sam doesn't miss that Castiel has barely stepped into the room, with his back still against the door. Sam can't blame him, but it stings.
He longs to be with them so much that it aches.
"You couldn't cure him either," Castiel said. "We do not know why. But therefore it seems unlikely that even if you found him, you could bring him back to life."
"Well, the feeling is mutual."
“It’s got nothing to do with me."
Dean waits until Jody is out of earshot. "Is he gone?" He asks, eyes narrowed.
Castiel’s facial expression is turned to unreadably angelic, which is not really the one Sam was hoping to see.
Lila and her brother had also appeared in the door frame. They had probably been attracted by the shouting.
The seconds that passed felt like an eternity.
"Look." He licks his lips. "I'm sure he'll be back soon."
In theory, this broadens his potential dating pool - although dating is an euphemism for what happens even in the best of times. He knows it won't make a difference to him. Men are… okay, he guesses. He's not gay, he knows that. And he's never figured himself to be a closeted anything. He could have had plenty of guys in his life, he's had prepositions enough. He really hadn't been all that tempted. Any curiosity he'd had as a teenager was overridden by the fear of his father. And later it just hadn't seemed worth it. If he'd been hiding something, if not being able to get it on with random dudes had been truly burdensome, then surely it would have seemed like a more urgent matter to him. But it had been barely a blip on his radar. When he steps into a room filled with people 9 out of 10 times his eyes will be drawn to a chick. It's always been this way.
"You know what I mean."
"Maybe he just took off," Dean says. "You know he likes to do that sometimes."
"I'm kind of surprised," he shrugs. He opens the trunk and pushes the shopping in between Sam's and his own bag. He closes the door with a loud thump.
He slaps the wall, open-handed, in a way he knows hardly makes a sound.
Dean puts his hands onto the bar and turns his whole body around on the stool. This has been going on for too long now. He straightens his shoulders and tries to look intimidating. "Look man, I get it. But no thanks."
The woman is past her prime, but her makeup is impeccably applied and her hair is soft and long. She has all the other qualities Dean enjoys in a woman too, as Castiel has learnt over the years.
It was maybe not the best opening sentence after running into a hospital room, but he didn't care. He was angry and confused. This mixture resulted in an unsavory mush that almost burst his head.
"Can you come play?"
But he had prayed.
Dean's foot jerked forward, blocking the gap between the door and frame. The air smelled sour.
"Why didn’t you mention any of this before? You just said you were sure he didn’t see a ghost, but that there was probably something else."
"No, seriously? Get out of here."
"But is the room free?"
Castiel is already at the door when he turns to Dean once more. "The hunter," he says. "Who is she?"
"I know, it was just - I am really happy with you. And that's still pretty crazy to me, after everything."
Back in the motel room, Dean found more messages from Cas on his phone. They had continued their drive up the coast today. Castiel liked the small boarding house by the sea that Sam had picked out, and he reported that a seagull had stolen the bread from the plate on the neighboring table.
"No, Dean. It's okay. I don't mean that in a self deprecating way. You both just are. And it's okay. It just messes with my head sometimes. So yeah, maybe it was stupid to talk to her about our actual lives, but I thought maybe it would help."
"Really?" Sam laughs. "You liked that horrible movie?"
"So well," Sam says, unsure how much he truly means it. "We saw a movie about the world ending, decided you're not a war criminal after all, and discovered you're into coffee milkshakes. That's got all the making of a good date."
"What about your grace? Are you still feeling weak?"
"I'm good, thanks," Sam says.
"Are you sure?" Castiel asks. "If you're unwell-"
The fact was: Dean was the one who'd driven their relationship into a wall and broken up with Cas. Castiel would have stayed with him, given the chance.
Chapter title taken from Spiritualized's "I Think I'm In Love"
"Physically comfortable?"
Castiel could be anywhere right now, if all he wanted was a different view.
"But you only got a drink."
"How is she doing?" Castiel asked.
That was also the moment Castiel's legs started to move again. "Charlie!" He paid no attention to the figure on the floor and ran straight for his daughter.
"I don't care. This is about me. And I want to be with you."
"Hey, Jody. Happy Birthday."
"College could wait. You couldn’t. And heaven - well, it’s not all it’s cracked up to be."
"That one should date before moving out."
"I don't know what you're talking about."
Nothing indicates any voluntary entanglements in the supernatural, anyway.
"Is there any way I can stop you from sharing it with me?"
Sam shook his head. He wanted to do it himself. He wanted to grow familiar with this place again.
"It was not meant as criticism." Cas narrows his eyes, as if blinded by the sun. "Merely as an observation."
"I should try to get some sleep," Sam says.
"What was that?"
"I don't know. Longish." Long enough to get used to the pain, not long enough for it to lessen. "It's a bit complicated."
He’s aware of what's happening. Spiraling thoughts like this can go on for hours. This is mild, but they only get worse with time.
“Yeah, it was just..." He waves it off. "Can I buy you a drink?" he asks, surprising himself. "As a thank you. For saving my ass back there?"
He won't act on any of the impulses, of course, but somewhere between sending Cas away and now he's stopped denying their existence to himself. It changes surprisingly little about his self perception.
"What, in the five seconds it took him from jumping to break his neck? How did he time this so perfectly? And why for fuck's sake would anyone do that?"
"Jesus," Dean bites. "Give it a rest. You don't have to convince me that Sam is a great guy."
"I’m good. It’s just… the dead girl, you know."
"It’s okay, Cas."
“Hey," he repeats.
Castiel nodded. "Do you have a headache?"
When they arrive at Jody's house soon after, Castiel gets out immediately. He walks around the car to wake Sam up. He is gentle, he's not infecting Sam with any anger residue.
"Yes, it did.” Dean pretended to think hard for a moment. "Okay, riddle me this, Einstein: When you bang your head, how exactly do you end up in bed together? Cause you’ve hurt your head plenty of times when I was around and it sure never lead to us getting this cozy. You wanna tell me you had to put your hand on his knee like that?"
"I shouldn't have... shouldn't have listened to him. I don't know why I did. I just needed to..."
He’s just so goddamn tired of it all.
"Even if I wasn’t, what would you expect me to do? Beat the gay out of you?"
"We should check her home," Dean agrees. He hits Sam's shoulder. "Sam?"
"Don't you want to get breakfast?" Sam asks. He takes the towel away from his hair and walks back into the bathroom for a second, returning with his shirt on.
The door is still open when his phone rings. Sam checks the caller ID before he picks up. Then he gets out of his jacket and sits down on the bed, phone tugged to his ear.
He couldn't tell how long he had been standing in the glaring bathroom light, staring at his reflection in the mirror, when his cell phone brought him back to the here and now.
Castiel straightened his tie and looked up. When he saw Sam, he froze for only a millisecond then he frowned before his expression turned blank.
"It's fine." Sam stood in front of the fridge and sorted through groceries. It was clear how much he was trying to appear calm and normal, as he put away a pack of butter —as if he didn't have hell memories running through his head.
He pointed into the darkness towards an overgrown garden. The light from the street lamps didn’t reach the  wooden storage shed in the midst of it. Charlie pulled a silver knife out of her belt. He recognized its shape.
"Dean Winchester. I know you. But what angel doesn't?" He had almost forgotten her presence for a second. "You owe your existence to heaven. We were the ones who brought your parents together. We saved you from hell and this is how you thank us? By destroying everything? "
She shrugged. "Whatever's there?"
Only a few stars were sprinkled onto the black canvas of a sky.
"No. But I normally work pretty straightforward cases. I guess it's not impossible that they got infected weeks ago?"
"Great." Sam sighs and sits down on his bed. "Is it me or is Dean’s suddenly taking this hunt at lot less seriously? He was the one hell-bent on coming here."
"You know you can't trust angels." It was Dean who spoke and stood protectively next to his brother. "What if it had been a trap? What if they had tried-"
Sam watched her go, no less irritated than before. "Why does she have to change? I thought you were just going out to eat?”
"Well, I don’t know about that. You get all gooey-eyed and weak in the knees just looking at Cas, and he seems really eager to get you on your own, too. So whatever it is that’s not working, it’s not a lack of hormone-driven eagerness."
"Yeah, well, that’s what Cas said, at least."
"He didn't tell me anything."
"I do it because I enjoy being close to you. It is, in fact, mostly selfishness that has led me to you in that way. Despite how unwell you are and knowing that is only your fragile state of mind, loneliness and desperation that has led you to accepting my help, I am glad you did. When you wouldn’t let me help you anymore, I was afraid you wouldn’t want to spend as much time with me either."
When he’s finished —S
"So I don’t really get why he’s like this right now or what’s changed."
"I’m good."
He could have just left the topic with Dean inside the motel, he could have pulled Cas close, and forgot about this whole damn thing, instead of delving deeper into it.
"Dean," Castiel says with a stern face, "don’t you think I would have done so if I’d thought I could have?"
Besides, he can't really blame his little brother. He might not have shown it in the same way as Sam, but Cas being back is more than just a breather to him. It feels like someone's darned a hole which existence he'd tried very hard to ignore in the first place.
"Right," Dean says. "You guys fill each other in." They are irritated by his haste, but Dean chooses to ignore it. "I just thought we could get by without any human casualties this time." He runs a hand over his mouth. "All right. Regroup at the hotel later."
The thought of feeling like this every day seems unbearable.
"Yeah, you are. I don’t care if you think of me only as you’re dumb overprotective inept brother-"
"Dean-" Castiel put his hand on his cheek. "You know I love you. You know what I gave up for you.” His eyes weren't sad per se, not like Sam's had been. "Please don't force me to choose between you and my family for a second time."
"Yeah, seems like it."
"I'm not still hung up on your brother." She laughs at his expression.
"And you're sure she's dead?"
"He rarely speaks it, but Charlie can be very persistent, so he’s coming around slowly.“
"What is it?" Sam blows into his hot coffee and waits for an answer.
"His advances," Dean repeats.
"I know," Castiel says. "I know you didn’t mean for anything to happen."
Sam understands that Castiel deserves an explanation for all the weirdness. He doesn't know how he knows it, but he's sure that he's not allowed to explain right now. That the deal would be off. He can't risk that.
Sam laughs.
"I should have figured that they're all friends living together," Akiko says. "It really doesn't narrow down the list. Whatever happened to them could have just happened at their home."
"I have danced. In the past. But not like that." He points his thumb at the black screen. "And I was mostly drunk when I did."
"I know." Charlie pulled the corners of her mouth into a smile. "But I guess having children isn’t really a cure-all when your life sucks."
"No, I know you don’t." Castiel is standing right in front of his bed in full gear, which means he probably hasn’t come straight from Sam’s room. "But you were right. I was not giving the case my full attention. I was thinking in human hunter terms and not of my angelic abilities."
Castiel didn’t know what Sam wanted to hear.
Du du du." She scolded him, her lower lip pushed forward, tears caught in her long lashes, her face a picture of sadness. At least she had stopped struggling. When Sam put her back on the floor, she stayed put and only looked at him reproachfully.
"Oh wow, it speaks."
Dean’s face is contoured with pain, as he looks up to him. "Yeah, I guess I am."
Time dragged like chewing gum caught under the sole of a shoe. The clawed hand wrapped around Charlie’s neck. She screamed.
Dean watched him with worry in his eyes.
"Yes," Castiel says.
They had a lot of sex. The physical aspect of their relationship was vital to Dean. It helped to ground him. It was important to have these moments when only the two of them existed, a place where the two of them functioned perfectly. Where they made complete sense.
All the things that are primarily Dean’s, that he’s graciously let Sam use or be a part of. And it’s not just leftovers, either. In the times they’ve stuck together, Dean alternating between his roles of mother hen and rival brother, he’s mostly tried to make sure that Sam got his fair share.
"She's in bed, she's sleeping. She's okay now.”
"Whatever." Dean rolls his eyes just a little, before opening the paper again. He turns it around and shoves it over to Sam. "What do you think?"
"I don’t know."
"My car is great."
Castiel looked at the small bowls and plates on the table with such a heartbreakingly overwhelmed expression on his face, that Sam had to smile.
"I have been meaning to ask you about your increased interest in Sam’s sexual orientation and activities," Castiel finally said.
"I can drive."
"Who the hell are you?"
"What has Charlie got to do with this?"
"That’s not what I meant-"
"No."
"Sonofabitch," he coughs.
"I don’t want to go back."
"What about what?"
The fact that he’d be happy for Dean if this thing right here, whatever this is, were to happen to him, unsettles him somehow.
"If I didn't know any better I'd think you were jealous."
Castiel sits there, upright, waiting for the time to pass, his coat in his hands.
It's not the kind of conversation Dean expected. He lowers the volume on the radio. Some 90s rock song he hates is playing anyway.
»I got pie!«, Dean proudly announced when he entered the kitchen. He put two stuffed white plastic bags on the table. »Cherry and Apple. It's christmas, so I figured we should go for both.« He noticed Bobby's expression. »What's wrong? You think it's overkill?«
"All you did was what? Mhm?" Dean had come so close to him that Sam could feel his breath on his face. "You didn't do anything bad? Is that what you think? ”
"Not the way I have… I’d hoped after the wall… after I’d taken on his pain. I’d hoped he would not suffer anymore. But I see now that it’s impossible. For that to happen, he’d have to forget everything."
"I feel as if I keep disappointing him."
"Yeah. Good thinking." Dean buried the oil and the blade inside his leather jacket. "Where's her classroom?"
He gets that, in a way, he’s still lying to Sam. It bothers him, but what’s he supposed to say?
Dean’s pretty sure Sam wouldn’t react as well if it were him cradling him in his arms instead of Cas. He wonders if he’d get him to snap out of it at all.
Sam nodded, slightly overwhelmed. "I have to see if I can get a day off. I'm not sure if I'm working that weekend."
For a moment, Castiel considered claiming that it did not hurt him. It would be easy to claim that he didn't feel a deep pang of sadness and irritation every time he felt he was getting closer to Sam, only to get a door slammed into his face, either metaphorically or literally. It had been happening less since Sam' and Charlie's time away from the bunker. Castiel thought it might be because Sam had a guilty conscience for simply taking Charlie with him without asking, as if Castiel had no say at all.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don’t need to know the specifics," he says, a sudden harshness in his voice. It’s a confusing emotional whiplash.
"First they mess up your body and later you don’t have any time for yourself. At first they’re small and needy and later they are big and ungrateful."
"It doesn’t matter anymore," Sam says, his voice rough.
"I don't know. I've never had therapy. Probably should have — I guess every hunter could use it. Plus I have a terrible taste in men, so I got some issues there too."
"What did he want?"
She puts a hand on his shoulder and pulls it back almost immediately. She looks away,  embarrassed. Sam feels a little bad.
"It’s not your fault." Castiel stroked over his shoulder carefully. "Besides, Dean himself said that he was over it long ago. We are only good friends. Soul mates."
"Letting you down."
"Every hot female hunter under 30, yeah."
"They got the whole star-crossed thing down pretty well, huh?"
"Right," Sam says. He puts the book back on the shelf, in the same spot. He steps back and leans back against the table. It dawns on him that Castiel is talking about the both of them. He resists the urge to put the ball of his hands into his eye sockets. "I'm sorry," he says. "I don't want to be so testy."
Dean got up, went to the tree and a little later handed him another present, which looked suspiciously similar to the first one. Sam was all the more surprised when he unpacked it and read the title.
"I trust you."
"No!" Sam raised a hand, half-threatening, half-laughing. "Don't tell me that it’s different because she’s an angel. You’re not going to change my mind on that."
"Yeah?" Sam asks, fidgeting with the car key in his right hand.
"You told the police your ex changed practically overnight?", Dean asks.
He looks around the room again. "Less than I used to." Then he remembers that he only got an appointment on the spot because it's supposed to be acute and urgent. "I mean, I've been doing better, but… I'm traveling right now and my therapist back home doesn't do telephone consultations. And I needed to talk to someone."
Sam sits down reluctantly.
Sam looks down at his hands. They’re big and almost paw-like. These are hands that weren’t made for subtleness or finesse. They were made for rough strength and manual labor.
The expression on Castiel's face was also unusual. There was so much suppressed anger and unspoken words.
Sam gave him a sharp look. “You know why.”
Castiel seems to know what he’s trying to say anyway, but his answer startles Sam.
The tight feeling in his chest has probably more to do with the fact that it’s Castiel he’s kissing. He’s imagined this a lot more often than he’s comfortable admitting even to himself.
It's not even true: of course, this has to do with Castiel. If it were someone he cared less about, this wouldn't happen. Maybe, he thinks, hating the implication, it wouldn't happen if Castiel wasn't an angel. If there wasn't the silent knowledge of his strength, and the ease with which he would overpower Sam.
Castiel nodded against his skin.
She pulls out her phone. "Aequitas," she reads after a moment. "Personification of fairness."
Dean wondered how there could be less daylight in a town house than in a bunker.
Dean stood in front of the Impala, arms crossed over his chest. He seemed a little tired, but otherwise he looked good, relatively healthy too.
He wondered what a fake daughter would look like.
Sam smiled. »Then I'll give him your thanks. Got it.«
Castiel lets go with reluctance. There's that ridiculous feeling of loss again.
And then, when she smiled at him, he only felt love.
"It seems to make me more human."
"What are you thinking about?"
"Mr. Winchester?" A rarity of a grin spread across Sam’s lips. "Hello, Jason."
Dean reaches for his wounded shoulder wound. Castiel winces in pain.
"I'm fine," Sam insists, his eyes peeled to the screen.
It bugs him anyway, even though it shouldn’t.
Sam didn’t let go of Charlie for a long time. She didn’t seem to mind; she pressed her face into his chest.
"I don't know what kind of help he needs," Jody admits, a defeated smile on her face. "I just know you can't do it all by yourself, with or without Castiel. I'd tell you to get some help, too, but I know you won't."
"I wouldn’t want to stay here without you. I thought that would be obvious."
"You could have called if you wanted to discuss something."
Last night seemed far away. He didn't want to brood. He didn't want to have to figure out an answer to the question whether he was happy to still be here or not.
"I didn't say that I wasn't interested in dealing with it." Castiel's frown deepens. "Sam's well-being is clearly the priority. I'm just willing to accept the possibility that Sam is right, and this won't happen again. I understand that this is a delicate situation. I want to proceed with caution and not make it worse by going behind his back."
Sam looks skeptical, and as if he's about to tell him to cool it on the alcohol or something, but he keeps quiet.
"In Owen’s old room. I’ll show you." She gestures to the door. "Is everything alright?"
Castiel looked up in surprise when Sam suddenly stood next to him and squeezed his hand.
Dean has seen them making out, more than once. Never on purpose, obviously. And why would he, when it cuts straight to his heart anytime he sees them make as much as puppy eyes at each other. Sam never seemed scared or insecure to Dean then, not more than usual.
"You don’t like it?" Sam asks, clearly disappointed, before putting two fingers on the straw and taking a sip himself. "I think it’s okay," he says apologetically.
"It's a famous song," Dean says, and furrows his brow. "You're here to congratulate me on knowing Miles Davis and not being a philistine? Pretty sure you could have done that with Sam present."
"We have to split up." He was surprised that Sam was the one suggesting it. Everything soft and whiny seemed to have fallen off his brother. He was a hunter again. He pointed to the building. "I'm taking the left. You come in from the right."
The next thing he saw out of the corner of his eye was Charlie, throwing herself at the man from behind. Before she had reached him, he whirled around. Blue light that lit his fingertips flooded the room. Charlie tried to dive away under him, but she wasn't quick enough. Her knife fell to the ground as he grabbed her by the neck and lifted her up.
"Yeah, obviously," Dean begrudgingly agrees. "Up to a certain point. But I need us to be both on the same side here. You're his go-to person now, but I'm still the one who’s responsible."
"Forget it. I'm hungry."
"What about the deity?"
Generally, Dean is not big on going against his own instincts. But he’s really trying to give this whole being-more-accepting-thing a go.
"And that took you a whole hour?"
“Hey, you know what, that's great. It's fine,” he said now, his voice only a little on the hysterical side. “You found each other after all this time! Way to go! And now nobody stands between you." And then when neither of them protested, Dean added: "And I finally know for sure that I wasn't crazy or paranoid or all the other shit you guys were calling me! At least I know I can trust myself."
They stand so close. Castiel's hand lies in the crook of his neck. He pulls Sam's head down to bridge the distance between their faces. Sam closes his eyes and kisses back. Blindly his hands find Castiel's shoulders, move over his chest and then to his tie. He pulls on it little, before he loosens it.
"I have practically committed genocide and blasphemously considered myself a God. Yet you choose to see the good in me."
"I was just tired."
"I understand you." Castiel says. His eyes burn into Dean's, who tears them away and back to the road.
"We can help you. We would help you, you know that, right? That’s what Dean’s nagging is all about. He’s worried about you and wants to make sure you’re safe."
He doesn’t feel angry or upset, but he’s certain he knows what kind of answer he will get. He accepts it.
"You do look quite 'rejuvenated'."
Her hand almost reached the fire alarm. She winced and looked up at him sheepishly.
"Thanks. I don't want to be a bother."
In that moment, Castiel's sonorous voice felt incredibly calming. As did the hand that he'd placed on Sam's neck. Despite the painful contrast of Cas warm fingers against his own icy skin, the touch helped.
"For everything. I'm sorry I accused you of paranoia so many times. I swear I really never intended for this to go this way. I wanted to do everything right. And I never wanted to hurt you. I... Shit, Dean." Now he was looking at him again. His hazel eyes were glassy. “I’m not getting the words out right. I've been thinking about how to say that for so long. Because you have a right to the truth."
"I really don't."
The coffee is still hot, but not scalding anymore.
The crowd muttered approval again.
Castiel is only startled for a second before he reacts to the kiss. When Sam brackets his legs and leans into him, he inches forward too. His coffee cup drops out of his hand; some of the tepid liquid lands on Sam's jeans, soaking the seams on his left pant leg.
"Letting Charlie know you're back. Or have you already talked to her?"
"Yeah." He heaves up his shoulders. "I gotta admit, I might have skipped a few things when we talked last night."
"I did hit my head! Why don't you ask him, if you don’t like the way he looks at me? Why don't you just ask him for once!”
"I think I’ve lived long enough now. I just don’t want to do it anymore."
"I just drove ten hours straight to get here, so let me in."
Castiel cannot remember ever seeing this expression on Dean’s face before. He’s fighting to keep the sadness out of his features, but it’s not working.
Dean bites his lip and looks away. Sam looks over at Castiel. He gets the hint. "I'm going to…" he starts. "I'm going to look at a file in our room," he says with no subtlety and leaves.
"Where are you going?" Castiel asked.
»Is your brother inside?«
"She's just so god damn... smart and strong-willed." He shook his head, then put on a shirt and started to button it up. "If she used her skills for something meaningful. She could, I don't know, become the next president or secretary-general of the UN or something." He sighed as he looked at himself in the mirror. "But instead she uses it to find my weakest spots and torture me."
"I don't understand," Castiel says.
"Yeah," Dean says. He turns around, and Castiel drops his hand. "Thanks."
"Do you want to watch some TV?" Dean dares to ask, his mouth full.
"Are you okay?" Castiel asks.
"How much did you have, Sammy? I didn’t even take that long."
"We don't even know if it's a real hunt," Sam says. "We'd just see if there's anything to it."
"Were you ever curious?" Cas asks, his eyes still wide and concentrated.
Although she only reached his waist, her grip was surprisingly firm. "I wanna keep playing."
"You ask if I'm fine except for the fact that Sam is missing?“
"See, I figured you wouldn't recognize it." He was still grinning. "It's called a condom and you should use it or-" Although he was smiling, something had changed in his eyes. Had become more serious "-let someone else use it."
"You don't believe her?" Akiko asks, surprised.
Still, it was a guilty conscience that tried to keep him from taking the step across the threshold.
"Yeah, you go ahead. I'll be right behind you."
"I wasn’t-"
"Right." Dean looks in the general direction of his brother and his one-night-stand, avoiding both their eyes. "We regroup in the hotel later?"
"How am I supposed to know? I don't tell people what to do. They do what they want." Then, she turns to Sam and her face turns soft. "I'm sorry," she says. "I know you are hurting." Shame burns on Sam's cheeks. Shame of all things, and not anger. "After I realised you were hunting me I had no other choice. I didn't want to kill you, so I thought I would get you off my tail. I was going to move on."
"Leave Dean out of this!" Castiel had never seen his daughter so angry. When she'd been a toddler and thrown herself on the floor in front of the candy shelf in the shop, her anger had been cute. Now it was only scary. "You don't even have the right to say his name!!
"Why are we stopping here?" Castiel asks, craning his neck.
He pushed Castiel's hand away.
Dean stares at his brother, trying to figure out if he's being serious. "What if someone really wants to go on a killing spree? What if someone wants to die?"
Sam straightened up quickly.
"Floor," she agreed cheerfully.
It’s a dumb idea.
There was no new message from Sam. Dean considered writing to him, but what would he even say?  "I’m currently solving a really dangerous case with your daughter involving all kinds of monsters. Have fun in your little idyllic pension. Lots of love."
Sam’s jaw is tight, the muscles in his neck stand out.
"You know I'm always here to help."
"Does that mean I can go?"
"Yeah, well, I know I am. But not drunk enough to excuse any of this." He shook his head. “Do you remember when you told me that our love was, what, immortal? Predestined?"
“I thought maybe you were thinking of staying there. With Sam, in heaven."
hard about that question and that's just wrong. It’s nothing you’re supposed to be able to forget.
Sam clears his throat.
"An angel?" She laughs. Skepticism covers her face and then something else takes over. Alienation maybe. "Your boyfriend is an angel? Like a real life halo wearing sent-from-above angel?"
"You're probably right and it's nothing."
"I’m sorry. I know you’re just doing your job."
He's heard him say his name in all kinds of ways, but this one is his least favorite. The chiding one that seems to be left over from his by-the-heavenly-rulebook-days. That sounds like he's talking to an unruly child.
That’s not what he’d meant to say.
Castiel sits outside the bunker. He's been there for a few hours.
She rolled her eyes in a way that reminded him of Dean and looked uncomfortably human. Sometimes, her displays of humanity bothered him and other times it touched him. But if he considered his ambivalence towards the human species in general, this seemed consistent.
Sam didn't see the grin on Dean's face, Castiel stood too close to him for that, but he heard it in his voice.
Sam let out a sharp breath and turned his head away.
They both raised their glasses and drank.
"You know, it’s flattering that you’re so focused on me, but we could get the case over with sooner if you actually paid attention to the details. 'Daily Grind.' Doesn’t that ring a bell?"
Adoption wasn’t something you did in a day. There was a whole process to it. They’d spent a lot of time and thought into this without ever telling him.
"Do you do yoga?" Castiel asks. "Or are you interested in crystals at all?"
"I’m thinking.” Now Castiel turned to him. "Do you sometimes miss our old apartment?"
"If you don't want to shower," Dean says. "At least get into some dry clothes, alright? I don't want everyone to be staring at us. You're kind of noticeable as is."
"No," he says, holds her firmly by her arms. "It's fine."
Really, it’ll be okay in the morning anyway.
They stay this for a while, and share languid kisses in an old car that is technically theirs, but feels foreign and new. There's a sense of freedom to it, that makes something in Sam want to stay. The thought of the bunker, of being underground and chained to there feels burdensome and bleak.
"I don’t-" Cas hesitates. "I’m not sure I’m qualified to mediate this discussion, even though I brought it about."
"The truth." Dean snorted.
»You prayed to me.«
The food arrives. The omelette comes with two forks. Castiel opts to try some of it, under Sam’s encouraging eyes. He’s not a fan.
"I just didn't think..." Sam sounded so meek it made Dean even angrier.
Sam snorts. "No worries, this wasn't fun for me either."
"Who is Jody Mills?" Charlie asked, before she continued shoveling food into her mouth.
"That's not the same," Sam says and pulls away. It's clear that Castiel wants to ask why, but he stays quiet. Sam picks up the tablet, to read the article properly this time.
He drew Castiel in and pressed his lips to his bowed forehead.
He brushes his teeth vigorously.
After the delicious meal - Dean hadn't been able to persuade Sam to try some of the pie, he was a little sick already - they all found themselves in the living room. No one had said anything about it, but the gifts under the tree spoke their own language. Sam had to admit that he was a little curious himself.
"Even if they did, they're just your regular taste of demons. So what, you think Cas can't deal with them?"
"And rebelled against heaven."
"No. I know you weren’t. I just know I can get that way sometimes."
Dean shrugged. "It’s normal to worry about your children." A second later, he added: "At least that’s what they say."
"I didn't say you were."
said that
"I’m not sure if I can believe that."
"Sam. I saw what happened. I know what he did to you. Not one part of this is your own doing."
He stops at a safe distance to the boy, who looks up and turns to him, chalk in his hand.
Dean avoided looking Castiel in the eye. "Sure."
When he turns from the fridge, an ice cold bottle in his hand, the wall has moved, and Sam and Castiel are standing in the entrance to the kitchen.
"Cas," Dean roughly said. “I need you out here doing your mojo thing."
"You cursed me in your prayers," Castiel said. Dean couldn’t help noticing how sad he sounded. "In the last message you left on my mailbox you-"
"I don’t know, but it came from over there."
"I wouldn't believe every word you read about us," he says with a dim smile.
He knows he should be happy and not sick to his stomach.
Something changed in Castiel, his features softened, he appeared less human. He took a step towards her.
"It's fine," she stops him and smiles. "You could give me a lift back to my motel?"
"Jody said that?" Sam asks and his voice makes a horrible croaking sound.
He slipped into his wet boots, grabbed his jacket and stepped into the cold.
"You were productive before you had a job too." Castiel stroked over Sam's side, his fingertips ghosting over the sensitive skin. "Raising Charlie is an important task."
"We are."
"What?" He gives Dean a 'What's up with this guy?' look and Dean replies with his best 'Oh, I don't know either. Just ignore him' expression.
He’s not hallucinating. He knows it’s just him here on this bleak street with its potholes and the nothingness surrounding it. He tries to remember what state they’re in and tries to clue himself in by going backwards through his memories.
But it wasn't him now, it was Jody.
"Dean, come on," Sam says. "Let's not do this. I was serious. I understand that you're still worried about me, but I'm fine."
Castiel looks hurt. "I want to."
"Polite?"
"Do you hate me now?"
"No, it's really not." Sam wiped a hand over his brow, he felt some soap running over the back of his nose and wiped it away. "I know it's been difficult for you too. The last thing I want is to meddle and make you feel bad."
"Do you know what a hybrid is?" She whispered against his shoulders. He didn’t know what she meant. "It’s a cross between two different species. Mules, Ligers, Geeps. Stuff like that. Zoos used to do all kinds of crazy experiments. Most of the hybrids wouldn’t live for very long. They were sick a lot." She paused. "It works better with crops, which is why hybrids are used almost exclusively in agriculture. They grow bigger and sturdier and are important for the industry: they cannot multiply, so the farmers have to buy new seedlings every year." She raised her head. "Nephilims are hybrids of angels and humans. That’s why they are more powerful than the angel who created them. There is a reason why angels aren’t allowed to procreate with humans."
"He and Sam-" He halted. It was none of his business. But more than that, it wasn't something he should be discussing with Charlie. Not that there was anyone else he could talk about it either.
A street sign announced that it was still over two hundred miles to Seattle.
"What's the point?" Dean asks.
"You have nothing to feel sorry for."
Jody is right. He looks too tired for the amount of hours he was out.
"My shoulder, I think," Dean admits, because it's pointless to deny it. "I don't think it's a big deal. Just didn't want Sam to worry."
"Do you want to shower first?" Dean asks, as he kicks off his dress shoes.
It felt absurd to see him again so suddenly, after all this time.
"What’s wrong?" Castiel asks.
"What does that mean?" Dean didn't let go off him, his fingers digging deep into Castiel's skin.”What the fuck does that mean?”
Dean didn’t answer. He just left.
Dean turns on the music, and Sam asks Castiel, "Would they have been able to do anything with your grace?"
"It's possible," Castiel says, "with the right kind of information."
"You're not jealous, are you?" Dean notices. "The thought doesn't freak you out?"
"Well. As I said, your friends seemed to be in some sort of fight. There was a lot of tension."
This. This doesn’t feel good.
"No, it's fine. It's just... I mean, the other nights I didn't know you were doing your," he moves his hand around in circles, "your thing before. It might be weird now, trying to fall asleep knowing you're there."
"Maybe you can help me: I'm looking for a door."
He was looking for Charlie when he found Dean and Castiel in the kitchen. They stood so close to each other that Sam automatically took a step to the side beside the door frame.
She looks at the rearview mirror, and does a half shrug. "I don't know. You're the expert."
What was it that he found lacking in Dean, that made the thought of having a child with him so impossible. Not that Dean had wanted to be a father - but to not even be considered father material? That was something else. That hurt in ways Dean wouldn’t be able to articulate even if someone put a gun to his head.
"Are you still mad about Cas?"
The lack of a victim is more troubling, but he decides if she’s here somewhere they will find her after they’ve killed the vamps.
»Yūrei is just the Japanese word for ghost.« It seemed like he was talking to someone on the other side of the glass. »It's the generic term for all kinds of spirits. Onryō, for example, are ghosts from purgatory who want to take revenge. Ubume are women who have died during the birth of their child. Or women leaving behind very young children. They appear to them as spirits, looking after them and bringing them sweets.« Sam's warm breath left marks on the glass as he lectured like he'd wallowed a textbook whole. It was more than just a little spooky. »Goryō are aristocratic revenge spirits; a Funayūrei is kind of mermaid spirit; Zashiki-warashi are the ghosts of children, mostly pretty harmless really; and Jibakurei are spirits bound to a specific place or situation. But they are quite rare.«
"You’re gonna talk to him? Now?" Dean seems surprised.
When he looks up, Cas is staring at him and he can’t turn away. He even finds himself saying more things he doesn’t want to say.
Dean shrugs and then nods.
"I’m not upset!" Sam says firmly. "And this has nothing to do with whatever I’m dreaming or not dreaming. Just… leave it, okay?"
For how obviously drunk he was, Dean's musings were quite sensible.
"What, you want me to schlep him to a therapist?" Dean hacks out a laugh. "Great idea! He'll start talking about Lucifer and they'll have him sectioned again. It's not like he's just a run of the mill crazy person."
It didn't work in hell. Lucifer had uncovered all the rules, down to the very last one. Besides, there was never any rest to enforce rules. No time to breathe or think independent thoughts that were his alone. He would still try, whenever he was left to his own devices long enough to develop any kind of routine he could cling to –even it was something as basic as counting the beat of his own heart.
"I don’t think he really expects to find much out here."
"So the girl, Britney, the one Lilia claimed to stay with, she broke down into tears and admitted that Lila met some guy online some time ago. Good looking, older than her, with a cool car... They wanted to meet up today.”
"You want us to move to California?"
Sam didn't know why you felt so bad of all a sudden. He was glad Castiel was here. He liked how much it meant to Dean, too. It was just...
Dean purses his lips. "What do you mean?"
"Sweety. I'm pretty sure Sam wouldn't be a big fan of me just waltzing in there."
"And that she'd strike back with the force of an atomic angel keg?" Dean shook his head. "I don't get it." He looked at him now. “I thought her grace was sealed off." He tapped against the rim of his glass. "And why did she collapse? Is she really okay? And don't lie to me."
Sam pulls the corners of the mouth down. "Not really."
"So?" Sam blinked at him. "What did you say?"
Sam leant against the fridge, a glass of water in his hand, while Castiel and Charlie were sitting at the kitchen table.
"Dad!”
He scans the face below.
He sure hoped so. Charlie sat in the passenger seat and remained quiet. Her hair was hanging in streaks from her head and drops had collected on her eyelashes. Rain, or maybe tears.
"She wants to be with you," Castiel explained and got up with her.
"It's only a few more years." He tried to comfort Sam. "The books I’ve read on adolescence all say that the physical development in girls is already complete at the age of sixteen."
Sam glares at him now, all the try-hard friendliness gone from his face.
"We should check the rest of the school."
"I hope you’re okay with being Agent Kent today. I’m Agent Wayne." She handed him an ID card. "I wanted to try something new. Musicians are always so boring."
"Oh yeah. So you just went off to take a nest out by yourself? Cause that's so much better. That'd be suicidal."
"Charlie is seventeen."
"Not when we’re talking about…" He makes a vague motion into the air. "Out there stuff like that. I thought we were just goofing around and suddenly you’re all serious."
Her lips twisted into an angry smile.
"I’d offered to make her a cup of tea."
This time it works like clockwork.
When Charlie didn't reply, Dean did. "Yeah, lots of fun. It was great." He tousled Charlie's hair. "We had fun, right?"
There’s no way Dean is okay with any of this.
"I don't know what I was doing, okay? It was just a really really weird week."
He hoped that Sam would never need to cry about this.
"Hurrah for that."
"What makes you think you saw a ghost?"
"We will."
"You saw him first, didn’t you? How could it have been there for me then?"
"Thank you, dear friend waitress."
"I know you've made your opinion very clear to me, but I just have to ask once more, face to face: You have no interest in resuming a romantic relationship with me at any point, do you?"
"Were you listening to a word I just said?" Dean asked.
"She came to us voluntarily and she stayed voluntarily." She motioned towards the free spot next to her on the cot, but Sam made no move to sit down. "Although she is cruelly disfigured by her humanity, she is still an angel and her place is in heaven." She stroked over her hair. "Of course I don't expect you, as a human, to understand the full extent of what that means." She tilted her head to the side again. "It's like an ant trying to understand the intrinsics of world history."
On the other hand, look where repression’s gotten him.
It's not the only thing he feels better about. Sam and Cas' relationship, objectively speaking, is a good thing. He's almost upbeat about it now. They're good for each other. That's what matters, right?
"And now you have to clink the glasses together," she explained to Castiel. "You also have to look deeply into the other person's eyes."
Sam is steadily getting more drunk. He and Castiel aren’t talking.
»I never asked you to save my ass either, and you still did. That's what we do, Sam. We're saving each other's asses.«
"Did Akiko get back to you?"
"Sleep well. See you in the morning."
"He wouldn’t miss me,” she murmured. “And he’s got Dad.”
By the time they arrive at the bunker, Dean is done for. As much as he loves Baby, a whole day of driving is still exhausting. And there's only so much gag-inducing coupley sweetness Dean can take. When Castiel's head ended up on Sam's shoulder, the dreadful thought had entered Dean’s mind that this was how it’s always going to be from now on. They might start insisting on sitting in the back together all the time now. Dean can’t really think of a good argument against it, but he hates the idea.
"We'll see."
"Yes, she said she'd let you know.”
Sam pulls the door behind him shut. He turns on the tap.
"Why?" Castiel furrows his brow. "I was there yesterday. What would we gain from going there again?"
, Castiel thinks. He is unsure why he can’t say it.
Dean opens the bottle with his teeth and spits the crown cap across the room. It narrowly misses the trash can.
They didn't notice him when he stopped to watch in the doorway, but that wasn't surprising, considering how angrily Sam and Castiel were staring at each other, caught in their own little world.
Castiel stretches out his hand to Jody, but she rejects the formality and goes in for another hug. "You're quasi family now, right?"
He doesn't really want Sam to know what he saw. It’s humiliating. Even more so because he let that thing bite him and take off. He considers lying, but it’s too late for that now.
"Not after the way you left last time when I made you?"
Dean was lying on the sofa, a beer in his hand, just like Sam had left him.
Sam tears his arm out of Dean's grip. "No," he says, the 'how absurd of you to even ask' evident in his voice.
"No, I know," Dean nods. He ignores the clothes and turns his body towards Sam. "I know. If you wanted you could take one of the cars from the garage and drive off looking for a case of your own right now."
Dean looked up, not one bit surprised by his reaction. He had been bracing himself for a fight. "We were just practicing shooting. The safety was off for some reason, but I don't know how exactly the shot went off.”
"Good luck with that," she says, but her fingers slide off the door frame, and she relaxes. Dean would not have gone the private investigators route, but it makes sense these people here wouldn't trust the police too much.
»It's all right. I was happy to spend this day with you.« He laid his free hand, the one Sam didn't still clutch onto, on Sam's shoulder. »I hope the next time we see each other, I'll have found out more and I will be under less time pressure."
"Yes," Castiel says. "I have."
"Are you guys fighting?"
A week passes without a case. Dean is going stir-crazy. In the evenings, he heads out into town. Today, when there was still no new case on the horizon after breakfast, he hasn't waited for the evening. He's been out for a few hours now. It's very quiet in the bunker without him. Sam's asked for Castiel's help with a translation that has no urgency. It always feels good to be productive. They sit in the library, heads in the books.
He had to admit that he could not fool himself: there was no place where the outside world out there couldn't reach him. Where the 'what if' thoughts were kept at bay and the tugging feeling that there was another place he wanted to be, too.
Dean can see her calculating her next words, like she's talking to a rabid dog, trying to make sure not to get bitten. "And I don't doubt that for a second." She lowers her hands. "I do care about Sam," she says. "I care about you both. I see how much you're giving, I don't doubt your commitment to Sam, but you're not his caretaker."
"Your worry is unnecessary," Castiel says. "You would notice if I got bored. I would most likely just tell you. Besides, watching things you enjoy helps me get to know you better. And I appreciate how eager you are to expose these aspects of yourself to me now. More so than you used to do."
"Sure," Dean says, because he's too tired for the slightly more complex truth. Besides, they
That little, angry wrinkle had formed on her forehead.
It’s just… the way Sam talked about it. Like a drunken mistake he wasn’t proud of, not like torture.
Decapitating with a machete is more difficult than it looks. Dean has to go in a second time. By then, the hippie vamp girl’s face is full of blood. She screams, probably mourning the death of her decade-long lover, Dean imagines.
They were both silent. It was so dark that they could hardly see more than each other’s contours.
Despite the seriousness of the situation, Dean has to suppress a chuckle at the image that crops up in his mind. "Alright. What did Sam tell you to look for? Why did he send you there?"
"I understand you don’t want to talk about what’s been bothering you since yesterday. But I think it would be beneficial for both of us, all of us really, if you did."
Dean could have sworn Sam’d have gone for the other way round.
He hands her the jeans. "Yeah? Am I just that irresistible?"
"Hmh." Sam puts the key into the ignition of the car. "I never thought of historians as people playing a really long game of Telephone."
"Yeah, I know."
"And say hi to Castiel for me."
Dean steps closer.
He doesn’t seem angry now, just focused on the task ahead.
"Yes, if you're having a glass, I will take one too."
Sam turns around slowly.
"Why did he want me gone?" Castiel asks.
"I never really thought about it much," he says. "But I guess so. Back in the day, our hunts used to be a lot more straight forward. Almost everything we were up against back then was stuff my Dad would have already written about."
"I... I heal him. I try to heal Sam."
"At home," Sam repeats, like the whole notion of them having a real home is still absurd to him. "Okay, but I need to go for a coffee run first."
Dean doesn't turn his head.
Castiel draws himself out of his arms, and picks up the glass of water again.
"I'm not sure if he's being honest with me," he says. "He's not well and he won't speak about it."
"She's asleep and you're drunk. You can either leave it here and I'll give it to her tomorrow, or you'll come back another time when you're sober." He looked down at Dean, at the dried blood on his jeans. "And without half of someone else sticking to you."
Sam takes up the menu and shoves it back towards the window. "Good," Sam says after a moment. "Me too."
"I'm not 'nodding off', Dean."
"What I mean," Castiel says, "is that I don't really consider you in these abstract terms. I'm aware you are a male of your species, of course," he adds with sincerity. "It just isn't of any import to me." Castiel frowns. "I'm not sure if I'm explaining this properly."
"If anything about the way I conduct myself around you makes you uncomfortable, you know you just have to tell me. Since you've not let me actively help you alleviate your pain, I feel a little useless around you."
Sometimes Sam enjoys driving a car that doesn't feel like it needs to be handled with baby gloves. As much as he loves the Impala. It's home but it's also Dean, with all the overbearing and suffocating love that brings.
"More than one goddess?" Castiel asks.
"Well, you kinda were together at some point." She pointed to herself.
Sam suddenly realizes in the midst of their musings on dancing that he’s not fully dressed yet. He gives Castiel an apologetic smile, before heading to the chair near the desk, where he’s laid out his fresh clothes.
"I’m not," he paused, "antsy."
Sam looked up again. "She knows we are her parents. And that Dean is my brother and your his -" He paused, and then gave up looking for the right word. “She knows that she is a nephilim, she knows of her suppressed grace. I know we explained all of this to her, but that's not what I'm talking about. I mean..."
"Should it?"
"Yeah, okay. I know. I promise. Now shoot."
Castiel squints. "You know. Your brother seems to operate under the false assumption that this is where I still belong. In Heaven. With the other angels. With my family. As if I had not consciously chosen otherwise myself. No amount of talking will ever take away from the fact that I have abandoned them, all of them, for him."
He picked up a pencil that was so stubby and short, that he doubted it was still functional. Sam knelt down onto the floor, and wondered what the quickest method of cleaning this mess up was. He looked up at Castiel, who seemed content where he was.
“Is the pain gone?" Castiel asks, even though he must know that it is.
"Are you accusing me of lying?"
He sat like that for a while, aware he was just playing for time. Actively delaying the moment he'd no longer be alone.
He makes him sound obsessed, when all Sam does is watch what he eats. It's not like he has real issues with food. He can eat a pizza just fine, if he has to. When he’s drunk, sometimes he even wants to, too. There's nothing wrong with feeling a little guilty afterwards.
"I don't think that's a bad thing. Most people here are a bore… What's your name?"
Sam shoves the burned caramel coffee bubble tea over to Castiel.
"Claire?" He cocked his head. "What are you doing here?"
"What does that mean? Where's he going?"
It's not that simple to find out what he needs to know. He's tempted to call Sam or Castiel a bunch of times. But he's the one who wanted to do this on his own. It's not like he can't do research. He's not stupid. He's just happy to delegate it to people who actually like to nerd out about it. A little bit of elbow grease and time, and he'll be all set. He doesn't need to call them just because it might go quicker with another pair of eyes or two.
Dean's nostrils trembled slightly with every deep breath he took. His mouth hanging open, he gave a small grunt, pulled the blanket over his shoulder and turned towards the wall.
"Yeah," Sam finally answers. "He told me he'd leave me alone if Castiel went away and he did. I did it so I could finish the case."
He missed everything about Sam. The occasional irritated note in his voice. The know-it-all attitude he sometimes had. Even the passive aggressiveness that had sometimes come over Sam when he was stressed.
"Sam." Castiel also sat up and embraced Sam from behind. "He is not alone. He has us."
He had left and fought all of heaven. He had given up everything. Just for this?
"Never mind," he says. He can tell this is going nowhere. "Thanks for your help. Greatly appreciated."
"And Charlie?" Sam asked while hanging up his jacket.
The woman shook her head again. "Parents shouldn’t project their own wishes and dreams onto their children. They need to be allowed to be just kids."
"And Castiel?"
"I know."
And there was that other thing too. He was aware that Charlie preferred Dean to him, and that fact bothered him more the more obvious it became. It was a good thing they had each other, of course. But sometimes it hurt to be taken for granted, when he was the one doing most of the work. While Dean got to enjoy the fun times with his niece.
Besides, nowadays Dean was the one trying to take baby steps towards him, while Sam never quite knew how to react. His feelings towards reconciliation were complicated. On the one hand, there was this extreme need for submission, the feeling that he would do anything to make Dean's disappointment with him disappear, to regain his trust, and to be one again.
Dean is about to open his mouth to protest, when Castiel re-appears, two pizza boxes in his hands.
He can’t let this, let them, take up so much of his head space.
Sam looks up. "So maybe you’ve aways been doing it."
Dean opened his eyes again, looked at him for a long time. "You're not angry with me?”
But it doesn’t trump the need for the past 200 years of his existence to be erased. Attempting to give him that would have any shapeshifter punching above their weight.
"So, how did you spend your childfree weekend?"
»Sammy.« It sounded more worried and surprised than reproachful. »Cas.«
He thinks.
A key turned in the lock of the apartment door. Dean turned towards the hall, and when he heard the footsteps moving toward the kitchen, he'd already guessed who it was.
"Dean and Charlie bring out the worst in each other,"  he could still hear Sam tell him. How many years ago had it been? Ten? Even if Castiel did not generally agree with this statement, he had to think about it now.
"No." She squints. "Well, he had some spells of depression, but doesn't everyone? He wasn't ill! There weren't any signs. He was lovely to me the day before."
"If you still have a headache, I could-"
It’s just a five minute walk back to the bed and breakfast, but Sam finds himself purposefully walking a bit slower.
Sam sits up, pulls his legs over the side of the bed.
"And before that they just had to get a quick drink at a bar?"
"It was nice," Castiel says, "and the coffee milkshake was good." Sam and Castiel smile at each other.
Sam’s looking at the ceiling, chewing his lips.
She studies Sam, her arms crossed in front of her chest. "So this isn't your brother and your boyfriend? And you're not just traveling."
"Yeah, it's free."
"You don’t need to tell me any details," said Sam. He was unsure if he wanted to know any or not. "Dean thanked me." His own voice sounded strangely muted in his own ears. "He thanked me for the fact that we both could be with you. Somehow, I don’t know, there was something about the way he worded it, you know?" The pounding in his ears was back. "I don’t feel like I ever agreed to this. But when I think about what I told you, I guess I did. So why do I feel like I’ve been lied to? I don’t have a right to feel hurt."
"We know what happened to you," Akiko says. "You didn't want to end up here. We're trying to find whoever did this to you."
Dean rubs over his face. He scrunches up the burger wrapper and drops it into his own lap. He tries to push the thoughts of hell orgies and saccharine dates out of his mind. Sam, Lucifer, Castiel, naked bloodied bodies of people from his past. He's starting to feel a little sick. It's not just the burger or the fries he's just inhaled.
"Maybe a dead animal climbed into the engine and croaked there?"
"Nothing." Sam’s grip around Castiel’s hand visibly tightens. "Just tired of motels."
Well, shit.
"Why?" He asks surprised.
Dean didn't really feel like going. He just felt like he wasn't allowed to say no to yet another idea, especially because he couldn't think of anything better to do himself.
"Because they’re just not really the greatest of memories to wade through, okay?"
"Your arm?" Castiel asks and steps forward. "You were holding it differently," he says. "And when you handed the beer to Sam, you winced, briefly but noticeably."
"We already cleaned up again."
"Really?" He raised his eyes. "I bet it was really different back then, wasn’t it?"
Something in the look that Sam and Cas shared turned his stomach. He couldn’t even say what it was that was fueling his anger. It made him feel like they were playing Piggy in the middle and he was the pig.
Castiel presses his lips together, turns back towards the tablet and retrieves the last closed tab. He gets up and presses the tablet into Sam’s hands.
Dean was glad he was driving. Sam, who was sitting next to him, looked like a mental breakdown personified. He stared out the window. It seemed like he was going to burst into tears at any moment.
He stops, when Dean turns towards him and shifts a bit closer.
"I don't know what it's like in Heaven. I guess all angels are perfect right from the start and don’t have to be raised because they never do anything stupid. But you know, here on earth, children can die if they are not supervised. They put their hands into sockets - or they drink alcohol by accident."
"You told me to not contact you. You said you didn't want to hear from me."
Now he's yet again back to telling the voice in his head that it's not true. That he needs to relax. That everything is fine.
"Oh yeah? Where else would I have been?"
"Are you sure you’re okay? You seem upset."
"Is there no angel you can think of that Sam might have spent an exuberant time in close proximity with?" He was still glaring, spitting words at him. "Is there no way for you to consider that maybe it’s got nothing to do with you or the perceived lack of trust Sam has in you that he’s not spoken about these things? That maybe, just maybe, Dean, he finds it unbearable and shameful to speak about? He needs your acceptance, not your judgement."
“But?"
"Heya, Sammy." Dean wiped his hands over his pants and then tried to flatten his hair. "Great ceremony, huh?"
When Sam steps outside the house, the sun is standing high, and Sam checks for the time. He wants to kick something. How many hours have they been missing? They could be anywhere by now.
"Not bad." Lucifer sways his head from side to side. "But that’s not all." He presses his index finger into Sam’s chest. "You were always a little bit of a weirdo, a bit special, weren’t you?"
"You think I’d stay here if you left?"
She raised her hand in greeting. "So I'm guessing this means you don't have any good news?"
"Tell your brother hi from me," she says, standing on the pavement. She looks beautiful with the motel lights as a backdrop, soft edges around her frame. "Let me know if you change your mind."
Just talk it out.
A knock interrupted Sam's troubled thoughts. When the door opened a crack he looked into Dean's face.
"Aren't we going home?" Charlie asked, turning her head to the street behind them.
"You didn't think what? That I would care?"
Dean stops in his tracks. It's just a noise behind one of the classroom doors. Cas and Sam are both at the other ends of the school, so unless someone's way too early for class, this should be empty.
It was so damn typical of Sam to think he had anything in common with a shit-eating ghost who'd tried to plunge them down a steep cliff just two days ago.
"I don't! You said it yourself. We already wasted so much time today. Splitting up just makes sense."
Castiel's eyes drilled into him as if he still hadn't completely solved the Sam equation.
"What did I say that’s so wrong?" He asks, eyes on Dean.
He tried to bring his hands back to life by rubbing them over his jeans, and largely left the preparation for the feeding of the Japanese hunger spirit to Bobby and Dean.
Sam nods, pulls out the key, looks at the number engraved into the wooden tag.
"I could leave," Dean suggested. "I’d be okay with leaving."
Sam rolled his eyes. "I wasn’t talking about your life, I was talking about mine."
"Anything on angel radio?" Dean's jaw was tense.
He taps Cas’ shoulder.
Dean was practiced in the art of undressing both of them. He did it swiftly. Naked, he pushed Castiel into the mattress, who understood that this was less about sexual release than a kind of ritual that soothed Dean's mental state. Reconciled him.
He was alone in the room when he pulled out his bag from under the bed.
"Talk us through it," Dean says, "the whole being-true-to-yourself BS. How does it work?"
Dean clears his throat.
"That is an acceptable combination," Castiel says.
"So the victims were all gang members?" Charlie had pulled out her pad and pretended to take notes.
"I told you. I worried about you," Castiel says. "I'm glad you're okay."
"Were you asleep?"
She laughed again. "Alright, that's a loaded question. How about: Does he make you happy?"
He'll say things like "Destiny can't be changed, Dean" and regard him with this glance that seems all-knowing and curious at once. And all he can do is stare back until the moment passes.
"I think I’ll try my luck with those guys," Dean says.
Dean didn't know what to say.
He looked at her in the rearview mirror. If anyone had told him a few years ago that one day there would be a child seat on the back seat of his beloved Impala, he would have laughed.
She shook her head. "So? Don’t tell me you’re scared?"
"You think? He knows one nightstands aren’t really my kind of thing. I mean, I would be lying if I said that I'm not lonely sometimes. But-"
Dean smiles at him for a moment. Then he pulls out his phone.
"Come on, little one, let's go.”
You were never mine before, not at all, but it feels like you kind of are now. Tell me that I’m not crazy.
Dean's face falls more with each word. There are times this would amuse Sam. That's why he did it after all, to try and fall back into their routine of jovial back and forth. It works on Dean, but it backfires anyway in that it makes Sam feel hollow. Like he's watching himself do a bit. Even though he meant him to, it irritates him that Dean falls for it. Sam hates when he feels anger that he can't justify.
"That many?"
Castiel looks around the room.
Sam's shoulders tightened noticeably. He turned slowly to face him, a shopping bag pressed against his chest. His eyes looked like he'd gone somewhere else.
Cas is sitting on the bed, cross-legged. He's turned the TV off and doesn't seem to be doing anything.
“How about," Castiel says. "You could tell me... earlier?"
"I just worry about her being so alone." He turned his head to Dean. "What I said earlier, about having an unhappy childhood... I didn't mean it like that." He licked over his lips. "I mean, after all, I had you. I had my brother and I'm always going to be grateful for that. I wish she had someone, too."
