“You started this,” Thor said to Bruce. “Plus Sam already messed mine up. Let’s start from the beginning. Alright Tony come help us.”
Tony had been the first person he had drawn on the app installed on his new StarkPad. Steve remembered shyly showing it to Tony who had then proudly ran around the tower officially saying, “I’m Captain America’s muse.”
“How long do we have to look at the document?” Natasha questioned, briefly skimming the words. From what she could tell there were a lot of protections for them that weren’t there before. Perhaps some of what Steve and Natasha had mentioned to Tony made its way into this decision making.
already have one. Not you,” Tony said trying to wave of Steve’s attempts at getting his funnel cake.
Harley looked down at his hands and didn’t answer. Peter looked everywhere but at Tony. Tony felt unease steadily grow in his chest. Crap, had he done something or said something.
“Nonsense,” Karen said, waving her hand dismissively in the air and stopping Tony from having any sense of guilt. “We were taken care of. Every time you visit you make sure that we have enough to last us a few months.”
Peter ran his hand through his hair. “Then I hated how I went back through my mind and I could see moments where looking back I knew things weren’t okay with Ryder. Maybe if I had asked and been direct-”
Steve knew he deserved this, but after an hour of these attacks…he couldn’t. Finally, he thought that he had found a spot. It was a small room, probably one of the smallest ones at the orphanage. He walked in timidly eyes searching for any little black widows. Once he did a check and saw that there were none, he closed the door behind him.
“You know I would have believed you, if it weren’t for the fact that I’ve known you for more than half of my life and I can notice the subtle changes in your face dictating that you are not in fact fine,” Rhodey asserted.
Tony stood up, staggering on his feet. He grabbed onto Rene first pushing her face down into the water and then pulling her up and throwing her body into Jack’s. Jack fell back with the impact and narrowed his eyes at Tony.
Steve watched as his chest heaved up and down, the way it stuttered as Ryder struggled to breathe. He watched as Ryder struggled to come to the conclusion that he was at his end and Steve was the one who was going to bring it to him sooner rather than later.
“Kotyonok you have to calm down. You’re going to work yourself into an attack,” she said soothing the curling strands of Tony’s hair. “Shh, it’s alright.”
“Okay, well I have a car waiting-” Fury said, almost regretting coming here and making Tony make this decision. But he couldn’t take it back now.
“That’s an empty threat, if I’ve ever heard one,” Pepper said dryly. “If you don’t tell us, when you plan on proposing I can promise that Miranda will get a document full of all of your shenanigans with Tony in Colorado.”
He had to thank her incredible skills for not dropping the two glasses, nearly filled to the brim. She rolled her shoulders back and looked at Steve quizzically, before turning completely to him to speak.
“Look he’s going to try to push you away. He’s going to have that fear that if you get close, you’ll leave again. He’ll have all of his walls back up again. He’ll say things to you that might make you want to pack your things, but you can’t. Do you understand?” Natasha questioned.
“Steve…I…don’t know if I can…Steve,” Tony chanted, toes curling as Steve rolled his hips and pressed even deeper. “If I can hold off…I need-”
Ryder narrowed his eyes and dragged Tony to the elevator. He never responded to him. Tony felt nauseous as they entered the elevator and pressed fingers against his forehead trying to massage it away. Ryder hissed and pulled Tony’s body up as though aggravated by his disoriented state.
Isak stopped her with a kiss to the forehead. Looking into her eyes, he addressed her saying, “Eva, how about you take the kids to their room, while I see why my brother has chosen to visit.”
Miles made a soft gasp as he saw Ryder’s hand barely missing his face. Tony looked down to see that Miles had slowly made his way over to Tony. Miles’ eyes widened in confusion and he turned upward to Tony.
“…I tried. Ma, I tried and I nearly lost myself finding reasons to stay away and now that I’m here I never want to leave his side. He’s everything you used to tell me about finding someone you love.”
“Yeah, we’re doing pretty good. I mean we had lunch a little while ago. We had to switch lunch shifts because these little kids hungry are not little kids that you want to hang around with,” Peter admitted. “But other than that it’s been fine. Miles is good too. He’s been hanging out with Michelle so he’s in good hands.”
Tony shrugged and fell back into his chair, grateful for the distance. If he moved his chair even further back just a little, Ryder certainly hadn’t noticed.
Isak’s eyes brightened and he snapped his fingers as though the answer was suddenly brought to his attention.
So he cried because he was getting neither of the things he wanted or needed. His crying tapered off, but the shivers persisted and he kept dry heaving even though he knew there was nothing left within him.
“Like hell I would. Tony those people are toxic. I thought we agreed they would adjust to being back in America somewhere separate from you. It’s not your responsibility to help them acclimate back into their old lives.”
The title which brought with it an array of connotations whether positive or negative depending on the day.
Pepper was about to speak up or either hit Rhodey again in the shin, but Leauna came by their table handing them refills on their drinks. Tony asked for the check, but Leauna waved her hand dismissively at him.
Steve gasped shortly and felt the weight of his actions hit him. His mouth opened, but he couldn’t find it in himself to answer.
“Oh, dear brother you wound me. That shouldn’t be the way you treat family,” Ryder scoffed. “I am so sorry that you must be meeting me like this. Usually, my brother and I get along rather well. I fear that absence has not made the heart grow fonder.”
“You want me to enter you slowly and fill you up to the point where you feel like you can’t breathe, but it’s the best feeling in the world. You want me to move inside you like water, brushing up against you. You want the warmth that I have left inside you to last you for days because you’ve felt cold since then.”
Suddenly, he was going back to that room where they had found Tony after 52 days of fucking searching and never feeling like they were close.
Steve wanted to inquire just what she was talking and about. However, he stopped short once he heard a voice breathe, “Ste…Steve?”
Bucky nodded his head and looked around the room. “Do you mind if one more tags along?” Bucky questioned silently.
Clint reached over to pat his shoulder. “It’s okay Steve. You know I think Tony liked you too once upon a time.”
Bruce shook his head. “The big guy and I need to get Tony back. We’re not staying home doing nothing.”
Natasha was the first to speak, “They said they are letting visitors in. He won’t be awake, but they said it’s helpful to talk to him. Rhodey and Pepper are with him now. You can go next, if you want?”
“Ummm, the little black widows are planning a revolt with their leader being Ms. Romanov. And some of the kids are actually pretty terrified,” she squeaked. “Myself included. We don’t know where they went, but they are somewhere in here.”
A little kid peeked through the cracks of the door and smiled. She gave the “I’m watching you motion” with her fingers and closed the door behind her.
“Good, because I would much prefer to do the story-telling myself,” Natasha claimed. “So this little girl sees Clint struggling and since she is very kind she offers to punch the straw in for Clint.”
“I would never underestimate you, darling,” Tony drawled out seductively. “But I’ve got a few new things under my sleeve to try out.”
“What lies did you tell him? You can’t do this to me! Get Tony back here. I have to explain. I have to explain everything. I didn’t have enough time last time we spoke. He promised me to stay!”
The guy came closer and trailed his fingers over Tony’s ankle. Tony’s mouth opened to release a string of curse words. The guy didn’t pay attention to Tony’s threats or curses. He came closer his body slotting in between the space of Tony’s leg. He reached down and tapped the purple patch briefly.
Miles looked confused at the change in his baba’s expression, but after a moment’s pause he smiled brightly and clapped his hands together. He started laughing as well. Tony pulled in Miles closer and kissed his cheek.
Mr. Moore waved him off. “It’s no problem really. Just tell me how he reacts to it. I always love hearing those stories.”
“I really don’t like him,” Peter said throwing away the orange candies and handing Miles some sliced apples instead.
Tony fist pumped in the air and excitedly got up. “Awesome, we can make fun of the old hags together as they tell again their reasons why I shouldn’t just fire them.”
Tony shifted Miles so that he could hold him on his waist. Miles’ eyes opened briefly as if trying to see where he was. He looked at Tony and once satisfied that he knew where he was and who he was with, his body slumped forward with his chin resting on Tony’s shoulder and arms curled loosely around his neck.
He tried blinking himself awake, but couldn’t feel himself do so. His head lolled to the side and rested on Ryder’s chest. He fell asleep thinking how much he wished the beat thrumming against his ear would stop.
“Fine?” Tony questioned, suddenly confused at the acceptance. He was kind of hoping…No, he should be thankful. He doesn’t need little pipe dreams. It’s easier to nip this thing in the bud, before anything got too crazy.
“I’m not upset over that,” Ryder mumbled over his breathe, his eyes trained to something over Tony’s head.
Steve didn’t let that deter him though. He tracked Isak’s eyes as he opened the file again. Clint knocked on the door, three times. Bucky went back to Clint and received another black folder that was being handed to him. Clint’s eyes briefly matched Steve’s and Steve hesitated with knowing what was in the folder. He didn’t like the look in Clint’s eye nor the reluctance with which he gave Bucky the folder.
“Plus, I had to live up to the high expectations that you clearly set for yourself. I mean back when we were young and before your little brain damaged friend didn’t kill off Tony’s parents,” Ryder smirked.
Steve waited for Tony’s breathing to event out and a few more minutes to wait until he was actually truly asleep. Steve was thankful that Tony was a relatively hard sleeper, so he didn’t hear Steve’s breath pick up nor feel the slight change of their resting positions.
Ryder chocked out a sound of pain, before he realized his mistake and moaned lecherously at him. Steve immediately brought his hand back and pressed at the jugular of Ryder watching as his throat spasmed and Ryder’s eyes flickered open and shut.
She pressed the patch as though ceremoniously, brought the bottle to her lips and said, “Benedici il CMPNY.”
Miles looked up to see what was taking so long for his baba to get him cookies. His eyes settled on the other person in the room. “Baba, cookies?”
The older man smiled. “Steve I do not lose anything. Alright give them to me. And the design is the same as we discussed on Monday, yes?” Steve nodded. “Good, well this should certainly be ready for you before Christmas that way you can give it as the Christmas gift.”
“Platypus. My goodness have I missed seeing your face,” Tony exclaimed pulling back from Rhodey. “How is my hallmark movie romance going?”
Steve let that folder be for a bit, not wanting Isak to lay his eyes on Tony no matter it being photos or else.
Maybe he could give Happy all of December and part of January off. After all Tony could drive himself, he just had to manage to remember that he couldn’t park anywhere he wanted even when knowing he could pay for the tickets.
She saw something, but she wasn’t quite sure if all was resolved, but she knew there was progress being made.
Steve walked over to the kitchen counter and placed the bracelet there. He walked back to where Bucky and their bags were.
Cali’s voice sounded rushed and unfocused. “Look…Steve I need you to talk to Tony okay. You need to talk to him about anything, but here. No questions asked right now.”
“One long day. Now up, let Tony and us have some time together. I know Tony would like to go to the lab for a little bit,” Natasha teased, looking at Tony.
Ryder sighed loudly and shook his shoulders. Again Steve said nothing, but instead walked toward him and sat in the chair opposite of him. Steve noted that their positions were now slightly how they were, when they first began speaking. Steve had talked a lot. He had engaged because he had needed a confession to get the bastard everything that he deserved.
“No, that’s the truth. Fair maidens such as myself pride ourselves with honesty,” Marley delicately said, raising her pinky and
Tony excused himself from the table as he held Miles hand in his. Miles grabbed on to Tony’s hand and skipped toward the destination, despite not knowing where they had placed another candy workshop station opposite of the ballroom that they were in. Ryder, who had noticed Tony’s departure, went to go follow him. Tony went by one of the volunteers and introduced him to Miles. The volunteer then took Miles and his appointed group through the little candy workshop. Ryder waited as Tony let Miles follow the other children who were running around freely grabbing their gift bags and putting candy in it.
Steve shook his head. “I apologize for my friends Mr. Moore. I wanted to come alone, but well as you can see that didn’t happen.”
Tony smirked down at Peter and gently brought his hand to rest on Peter’s shoulder. “Oh, trust me I know how much you hate licorice. I still have that essay you gave to me about how licorice is Satan’s snack.”
“No, I’m sorry I mean I am sure Ryder will eventually come into fatherhood. You just have to be patient with him. Some are just slower on the journey.”
“This will help with the bruising and swelling,” she said then reached over into her bag. “And I can cover it up with this. And this will help you sober up real quick. An old family secret.”
Ryder smiled awkwardly at them and blushed. “I’m sorry we’re having this conversation partly undressed. If we can step inside for a few seconds to get dressed and a little more presentable.”
Peter stared as Steve fell into the touch and any remaining tension was lost. Bucky himself had lost the coldness around his eyes as he listened to Tony’s ramblings, with little input from Bruce about how he couldn’t put donut makers in Bucky’s arm.
Tony had dressed Miles in a heavy coat, a knit cap, and a pair of glasses that he insisted he keep on. While there were preventive measures to make sure Miles stayed out the public eye, Tony certainly didn’t want someone to take a picture of Miles. Tony himself couldn’t exactly hide his signature goatee, but he hoped that a pair of glasses, a bulky coat, and a ball cap could help camouflage him. Steve…well Steve put on a cap and hoped the new addition of his beard still camouflaged his identity.
“I can talk to him if you want,” Tony offered. “I know a thing or two about arguing for a grade change that is truly deserving.”
Steve reached out to place his hand atop of hers, giving it a squeeze before placing it back onto his lap. “That’s truly great Bekah. I know Harley will be truly excited to have you back home.”
“You’re disgusting,” Tony laughed hoarsely, rolling his eyes. “In what world would I ever want to do things over with you?”
“Okay, well I’ve been hurt physically. I’m sure everyone knows that. Everyone on this team gets hurt physically. I’ve been hurt verbally. I’ve been hurt emotionally. I’ve been hurt to the point where I just feel fucking empty and purposeless. I’ve been hurt to the point where I just want to isolate myself and quickly disappear. I’ve been hurt to the point where I can’t move my body.”
After this, he’d be surprised if Steve wanted to stay. His mind battled with his heart and he wondered if he wanted to risk the chance of him revealing everything and having Steve leave. He didn’t know what he would do. He had gotten good at people leaving, but after Steve had left him in that tower that day he couldn’t stop to wonder what would happen if he left again.
“You don’t love me Ryder,” Tony hissed, shrinking away from Ryder as he curled a hand possessively over his forearm.
“What’s going on in my…? Steve are you high or on some medication? Where are all these compliments coming from?”
Bucky hadn’t questioned what the phone meant and neither did anyone else. Steve hadn’t known whether to be thankful or not. Sometimes he wanted someone to talk to about all of this mess with Tony…but the one he really wanted to talk to would never pick up that phone.
So his Stevie well he always had this darkness in him, but only in the case to defend others. It had never gotten this bad to the point where Bucky could see death reflected in Steve’s eyes.
“Sure,” Peter sang. “But honestly I think he’s just punishing me for being absent or tardy in his class. I mean sometimes I have to handle things before class starts or I sleep through my alarm.”
Miriam stopped shortly, eyes blinking owlishly. “Oh, okay. Well, I need to get back. But it was good seeing you again Ryder. We’ll be catching up soon, right?”
He felt nauseated just thinking about eating food, while Tony was somewhere in the hospital being looked over by nurses and doctors.
He looked down and saw Tony. An apology was already forming on his lips, before Tony quickly and rather out of breathe interrupted him.
“I started trying to give him the placebo patches, but when I’m not here Ryder has another CMPNY member administer the patches and pills. Also I don’t know what they do when I don’t have a shift. I’m trying to get more, but Ryder doesn’t like one person being the sole person,” Cali informed him.
“I have another meeting with my board execs. Pepper said apparently I need to stop rejecting my duties and since Miles is gone I can’t use him as an excuse anymore,” the lie flew easily off of Tony’s lips. He stood up and leaned over the bed to press a kiss against Ryder’s cheek.
Tony could only smile in response, gently knocking his foot against Steve’s ankle. Steve responded in kind, hooking his leg with Tony and pulling him slightly forward.
Tony had been going to Dr. Sana pretty much every week, since the events of Siberia happened. He had tried his stints in therapy before without much progress. His mother had even tried getting him into therapy, when he was younger.
Rhodey lifted his eyebrows in question. He hadn’t remembered that, but he sure wasn’t about to argue the case with Pepper. Sometimes he just had to realize it was a lost cause. Instead he choose to lay back on his blanket and place his hands behind his neck.
His eyes blinked away bleary tears because…there had been a second where he thought Steve wasn’t going to make it. Hell, there was a moment where he thought he was reaching his own final seconds. Yet here he was. Here he was standing with all those he loved around him. It was nothing short of a miracle.
Ryder’s voice cracked through the phone. “No, no. You’re right. You’re at the carnival and you’ve been planning this thing for ages.
Miles sighed and dropped his forehead against Tony’s shoulders. Peter looked around once more and then at Tony.
Tony looked surprised. “Wow thank you. I…I know this is a weird request seeing as though we could barely look at each other a few weeks ago. So thanks.”
Peter shrugged, looking down at his phone. “Uncle Thor said he picked up the flowers. Uncle Sam and Uncle Bucky said they’re setting everything up on the roof. Aunt May said that she’s picking up the candles and stuff and will drop them off before she has to go back in to work. Uncle Rhodey said that Tony is currently making Aunt Pepper lose her mind because he won’t stay still.”
Steve immediately shook his head trying to backtrack. He didn’t know how to react. He couldn’t know how to make things okay or ignore the way that Tony’s breath caught on a cry or how his body seemed to grow rigid with tension. He wanted to feel like he could change things. Wanted to have control over what was going on…but he had never felt so out of control…so powerless like this
His pleas echoed against the walls in the room. Tony tried fighting Winston off of his body and managed to get in a good lick. Winston’s head rolled back and Ryder kept his body steady with his firm grip on his waist.
Steve shrugged. “That was really a backup, but this was more personal. I kind of wanted to give it to you privately.”
His legs felt heavy and as though they were just trying to get him to collapse. His skin felt like it was being pricked with several tiny needles. Voices came in his ear like a loud symphony and his ears screamed at them to stop.
“Which is a reason that Pepper gave me a code to make sure you never are allowed in your lab after you go beyond twelve hours at a time,” Steve replied back. “No one is supposed to stay awake that long.”
Because in that moment with everyone laughing and tugging at one another, he knew not one of them would survive without the other. They had all become a part of the community of loved ones, a family.
Ryder’s mouth kept moving and Steve tuned him out. His voice had only become a sort of aggravating buzz vibrating against his ear. He would let him talk his speed, but eventually fatigue would hit. His eyes were already dropping and his words were slurring.
Steve hummed. “It is. And I couldn’t disappoint them, but inside I was so tired. I was drained. Then we had the Avengers Initiative and you all weren’t my soldiers, weren’t my Howling Commandos. You constantly told me you all weren’t my soldiers who had to obey all my orders.”
“And who’s to say I want to be in this competition?” Tony questioned, but still leaned forward a little bit. “I want the red and gold Lego blocks.”
Natasha pressed the knife coolly into Steve’s unoccupied hand, who then pressed it against the corner of Isak’s mouth. Isak smirked, causing the knife to dig softly into the skin there and leave a trail of blood.
And then she was gone, way before Steve was able to fully comprehend everything that she had told him.
Steve immediately thought to separate occasions that said differently. When Miles first came to them talking about that Mr. Mean Bad One, only to realize Tony was experiencing that nightmare because of him. Then when Tony woke up from his nap grasping his chest and looking as though he could hardly breathe. He remembered how Tony had flinched away from his touch. Then at the Gala when Ryder had come to him, while Tony had been calming down a crying Miles, and explained that Tony had a panic attack that took him back to Siberia.
In that moment, with the effects of destruction all around him Tony found himself leaning into a space that he and Steve had created for themselves…if only for that moment. It was just the two of them, breathing in each other’s space.
The only way he could tell that the days were steadily passing was when Ryder would come in wearing different outfits. However, sometimes he didn’t’ come and Tony was lost. He didn’t remember how long he had been gone.
Sam sighed and turned to face Steve. “Leaving doesn’t make things better Steve. It doesn’t make that ache go away. Leaving isn’t a good decision, when there is a chance to resolve things and to become better with one another. But the moment that the talking is over so are the chances of things being resolved…chances for you and Tony to have an honest and open conversation. You never gave Tony the opportunity and you did both of yourselves a disservice.”
Helen bit her lip and sighed. “Right now we have him sedated. Tony was rather irritable and highly agitated. Whatever drugs he was on, those patches and pills…by the way Bruce I may need your help on further analyzing its contents.”
“Come on, Tony. I know you want this. I know you want me. You always have. Just admit that you won’t ever have anyone better in your life. Think of all the ways that I’ve treated you kindly. I let you kept Miles.”
He stopped thinking about that, remembering how Tony’s eyes had brightened the first time that he had said that he loved him. He remembered the redness quickly gathering in Tony’s cheek, before just as quickly dispersing. It wasn’t fair that Tony had such a control over his facial reactions whereas Steve was often this open book.
Winston came forward alongside two others observers. They went to Tony’s body, picked him up, and threw him onto the bed. Tony let out a wet cry at how his broken ribs felt at his body being carelessly thrown. His vision blacked out for just a moment and then opened just as quickly as he felt hands holding down his wrists and then spreading apart his legs.
Natasha shrugged and just watched Ryder flit around the kitchen grabbing Tupperware. Bucky, Clint, Steve, and Natasha all sat down at the kitchen and waited for the food and for Tony’s return.
“Oh, well they actually have things planned. So you know it’s best they come over in five days. They still have things to get together,” Bruce told Tony. “It’ll be a fun time though. We’ll have cake and everything.”
Sam looked at him straight on and repeated, “I said you don’t really talk and the times, when you do I wish that you hadn’t.”
Steve woke up around 6 am, something that was never out of the ordinary. Early mornings were something of a habit for him. There was this little bit of consciousness that lingered at his mind, reminding him that his body didn’t need long hours of sleep to feel rejuvenated. There was something calming about having that set routine, knowing exactly what he was going to do for the day.
At this moment Ryder came down hoping to say goodbye to Tony before he left for work. However, as soon as he saw Tony’s hand tapping at his arc reactor and his eyes glazed over, he dropped his briefcase and walked slowly toward Tony so as to not frighten him.
The two of them sent gifs as a response to Tony, before Tony shut off his phone and went back to making his coffee.
Winston gasped loudly as Ryder bit at his skin and Tony shook his head. Ryder guided Winston’s hand to the bottom of Tony’s stomach. Tony’s stomach tensed under the pressure there. Ryder smiled against Winston’s neck.
He watched as Pepper turned from Rhodey and brought her chair closer to Sharon to talk. He watched Bucky lean back in his chair and try to pay attention to the actual source of entertainment that was being provided for them on the stage at that moment.
Tony checked both of them out of school and met Happy outside the front entrance. Happy smiled jokingly at Tony as he held the door open for them.
“Come on Tony. I know you can do it. Breathing that hard has to be tiring, right? Yeah, I know so try to match mine okay. In and hold it. Out,” Steve breathed. “Come on Tony.”
But didn’t that say something about him? If Tony was alone would he continue to be susceptible to Ryder’s abuses? Would he leave Ryder even if the others weren’t here…if Steve hadn’t revealed his true feelings?
He wanted to tell him that there is never a need for him to change and anyone who thinks so is an idiot…anyone who thinks that Tony is less deserving and needs to change would be gladly met with Steve’s shield shoved down their throat.
“I thought eventually we would get over this and we would find our way back to one another. I mean we always did. After everything we always regrouped and came back stronger, but this…I think I’ve come to the point of no return and Natasha it feels like I can’t breathe…I can’t breathe because I know that Tony will never look at me the same. And I have these nightmares of Tony’s face just looking at me in disappointment as he says Bucky may have killed my parents, but you…
Ryder watched with a clenched jaw as Tony ran off to go back home. He waved off the waiter who came to his table. He took his phone out and went through his CMPNY contacts before settling on a name. He looked around the restaurant and locked eyes with some of the patrons of the restaurant. They all nodded once before clearing out of the restaurant.
He had never appreciated the soundproof rooms that Tony had installed, until now. He had questioned it at first, but now he never knew their importance.
“With all due respect Fury, I am the leader of this team. Anything having to do with the safety and well-being of any of my teammates falls directly under my jurisdiction. I suggest you find a way to get Isak here, or so help me I will find a way to Norway. And I don’t think we need another international affair on our hands,” Steve grit out.
“Yeah, I don’t think so. Tony Stark is sold to no bidder,” Tony said kicking his legs out and running to the door, where he knew they had forgotten to lock it. He almost made it, before Jack reached out and grabbed his ankle causing Tony’s body to fall to the ground.
Ryder grinned and brushed back a curly gold lock from the child’s forehead. “Such a beautiful young child. Strong too, it seems like. It’s amazing how small children are, yet how fragile at the same time. Sometimes I wonder what would happen if children were to have amazing strength.”
Tony waved off his concern. “Couples fight some time, Peter. Right now I am just letting him enjoy the beauty of the silent treatment.”
“Then tell me what you’re trying to do by digging up Tony’s insecurities and making him feel like he’s not worth anything.”
Steve was content to let him look for a bit and chose to uncross his hands from his chest and ran one through his hair. Tony’s voice stopped him from doing the motion halfway.
“Ah, you still cannot let that go,” Ryder lightly commented. “I had really hoped you would have let go of these childish grudges.”
Tony blinked his eyes languidly, breath holding for just a second. He didn’t know, if he wanted his first kiss with Steve to be a result of the end of a battle where they’re both high on survival. But he couldn’t deny that he wouldn’t mind feeling for once how it would feel to have Steve close to him like that.
“At ease soldier,” Tony joked. “I’m just joking. But chocolate bananas are also disgusting just so you know. Bananas are the most horrible fruit in the world.”
Well it was enough for Tony to cry and rejoice at the same time. Tony was struggling with the grief of it all, unable to understand why he felt like he had truly lost someone so important. The therapist he was seeing was suggesting that even though he had suffered all of this abuse there was still a part of Tony that was trying to piece together his memories of Ryder in college, the one who protected him and taught him new things and reconcile it with the Ryder who abused him.
Sam backed away laughing. “Hey, you were the one who said yours was basically impenetrable. I was just testing that…hey Thor fuck put me down I’m a grown ass man!”
Steve didn’t get the chance to hear Tony’s muffled response as Cali took the phone from him. “Thank you Steve. I’m trying my best to keep him focused, but with everything they’re giving him I can’t really keep him coherent.”
Tony tensed slightly, before the tension eased off his shoulders and a soft smile lit up his expression. He placed the StarkPad down in favor of looking at Steve fully, who by then had stepped closer into the bedroom and was now near the foot of the bed.
Ryder pressed his nose against Tony’s neck and tightened his hold on his waist. Tony tried moving himself away, but couldn’t. There were patches all over his body know. Some were still purple and some had grayed to the point where they nearly became this misty white.
wasn’t ready to deal with that. I wasn’t ready to announce that it was actually me that killed your parents.”
“Want to try again?” Jaime questioned rubbing his forehead. “I’m pretty sure I’m going to have a bruise. But who else gets to say that Captain America accidentally hit them with a toy ring.”
“Tony you were more than good enough for me. At the end of the day, I just wasn’t strong enough to constantly worry about whether you were coming home to me or not. Besides you and I agreed we work well as friends that doesn’t mean my love goes away, it just alters its form,” Pepper exclaimed. “So don’t you ever say you aren’t good enough.”
“Even that I knew wasn’t his fault,” Isak whispered. “He said it was an accident and I believed him. After all it was just the two of us left then and I didn’t want to be alone,” he commented.
“I sorry. It’s just I was putting him to bed…not like that! He fell asleep in the kitchen and then I brought him here, but noticed he was sweating so…”
Edit: For those who have already read this chap, I made a quick change, but it is not necessary that you re-read it. I just had to do a name change lol
“What if you fought for him and realized that you should’ve done it sooner,” Natasha spoke up. “What if all this time spent apart could have been spent together? What then?”
Steve shook his head. “That’s not what I’m doing at all. I’m just saying you deserve so much more Tony. You deserve everything good in this world. I just want to be with you on that journey. I want to be the one to take you out on dates and listen to you switch from topics within seconds. I want to be the one who always brings you food, when you’ve worked yourself too hard and forget to take care of yourself. I want to be the one that makes you want to take a break from the lab because the place you find in my arms is better. Or maybe I want to be the one who loves you so hard and so passionately, that you won’t have problems falling to sleep.  ”
“No?” Isak mirrored back, but where Steve’s tone was definitive Isak’s was more inquisitive. “Why such a strong response?”
“Ryder I don’t like surprises like this,” Tony mumbled under his breath so as the noisy journalists wouldn’t hear him and spin it into something.
“No, they are not criminals. You know Tony Stark has been working with everyone involved including the UN on a way to have the Avengers pardoned. I believe that they will be allowed entrance to America in two months give or take. At least that is what resources claim Tony Stark has said.”
“See,” the young girl whined. “We just wanted to start the decorations, but the little black widows claimed we were doing them wrong and now they’re attacking us. Mary had to cut her hair two inches because they mixed glue with peanut butter and threw that into her hair.”
Steve closed his eyes, took a slow, steadying breath, and privately wondered when the hell he’d catch a break.
“I’m not letting you out of this building. You’re not a soldier anymore, you’re a goddamn king! Don’t make me have to use force,” Bucky finished less aggressively. “Please, Steve.”
Without a word, Tony squirmed in the tight confines of Steve’s arms enough to reach into his own front pocket where he’d stashed a single packet of water-based lube. Steve smirked down at the little pillow and its convenient twist-off top, but if he had any thoughts about Tony’s presumption that they’d have sex in their short afternoon together, he didn’t share it.
Hours passed, and Steve never called. All day, Tony watched his phone like a hawk. He finished his workshop, he attended his meetings, he plodded through the emails that needed answering, but all the while, his phone never left his sight, and it never rang.
With a sudden but effortless heave, Steve braced Tony’s weight with one arm and all but bent Tony's body in half until his knees brushed against his shoulders and his ass, stretched around the full girth of the canister, was up on clear display. Steve leaned back and pulled the canister out far enough that he could angle it just right so that every roll and thrust of the knobbly, bruising device landed directly against Tony’s prostate, milking rather than coaxing Tony’s next orgasm from his body. He wrapped his free hand around Tony’s heavy cock, plump and hard again almost immediately after the second orgasm, and rather than letting it beat wildly with every hard thrust, he jerked Tony off with a rough twist at the head at the end of every stroke. Tony whimpered and cried under him, struggling in vain against the weight of Steve’s body as his impending orgasm drove him wild with lust; Steve forced the canister all the way into his body for a third time, where it lodged and locked in for the final collection as Tony’s climax rocked his body like a barreling train, wrenching a breathless scream from his dry throat.
“You sound like one of those people who has everything figured out,” Tony said quietly. “Who works out and eats healthy and gets shit done.”
“How did she find you,” he heard Steve muttering to himself after he threw the phone aside. Gently he lifted Tony out of the chair to take him to the bathroom. God, it was so funny—six months ago it was Tony who would haul Steve in there to wash him, and now it was Tony’s turn. He was going to die in that stupid bathroom. This shithole didn’t even have a damn
He pushed past his friend to get to the Captain. While Tony climbed up in the saddle, Rhodey turned to Steve with a grin.
They walked in the direction of the starting game, and as cautious as Tony tried to be in public, he couldn’t deny it was an exciting thought.
She seemed too casual about the whole thing, and it left Steve on edge. Still, he mustered a smile and quietly said, “Thank you, Professor. But I assure you, my personal relationship has no impact on my work, I’m no less invested in representing Mrs. Hansen’s case.”
“He’s coming: turn around!” Maria whispered urgently, and Steve immediately turned his back and focused on his water.
“Oh my god,” Bruce whispered, and couldn’t resist glancing their way again. “You—you turned that down?”
“That depends, Mr. Stark,” Steve said with a calm that surprised even himself. “Have you ever used a ghostwriter?”
“Hey, Special Agent Hammer, Justin Hammer,” Bucky called out before Hammer had a chance to finish his sentence. “We’re right here.”
“You’re not doing anything like that, are you?” Bucky asked outright. Steve’s eyes grew to the size of saucers, and his heart leapt with sudden gusto. In that moment, he could have climbed on top of the counter to declare to the whole world that this man was his best friend;
“I’m coming with you,” he told Tony as much as the medics, and with a final look at Bucky to be sure he got the message that he wasn’t kidding about a compromise, Steve climbed into the back of the ambulance after Tony.
“Now?” Tony echoed dubiously, and behind him, Natasha’s brows climbed up her forehead in surprise. “Did you pack nicer clothes with you?”
“No,” he sighed eventually. “No, I just… I kept wanting to bring it up. I picked one up from the market on the way home, thinking, ‘this is the best one,’” he explained with a quiet, self-deprecating snort that had Tony instinctively reaching out for him, rubbing his hand over Steve’s knee in comfort. “But by the time I got home, it wasn’t beautiful enough to make me sound less like an idiot, so I, well.”
“Ma, I gotta go!” Steve said so fast it might as well have been a single word. He closed the file and dug in his notes until he finally found what he needed.
“Got swept away,” Steve finished softly, finding his smile again. “We both did, Tony. It was an incredible night. You…” he added in a whisper, sheepish in this undefined spell they had fallen into. “You were incredible.”
His childhood best friend - the only friend who’d ever made him feel less like a lonely only child, the friend who’d been at his back through thick and thin - was going through the worst imaginable pain. Steve didn’t know if he was alone, but the thought that his friend was on the verge of losing his family—and for what, for alcohol? Other women? That wasn’t the Bucky Steve remembered. Sure, they’d been kids, but some things didn’t change. Steve was sure in his heart that his childhood friend would never endanger the people he loved in the same violent ways his father had threatened him and his mom.
“If your fans could see you now,” Tony muttered under his breath while he carefully navigated the suburbs of Atlanta to find Steve’s condo. The streets all looked the same in these new developments, and if he didn’t pay attention, they’d have to start the maze all over again. “Captain America, high as a kite.”
He trailed off with a dodgy look, which told Tony he’d unintentionally toed into non-neutral territory again. But Steve asked for twenty minutes and it was nice to talk to his best friend again, so Tony scrabbled for another safe question.
“There, that’s it. Let’s sit you up, just go slow,” the man said more gently, easing Tony’s foot down and helping him roll onto his back so he could sit without putting any pressure on it.
Steve looked at him and, with a straight face, asked, “You mean when you talk and chew loudly in theaters until you get me punched in the face? Or, when you invade my personal space without permission?”
New Yorseylvania’s Taco Bell was a sight to behold. From the tall columns stretching overhead to shoulder broad archways, to the decorative mosaic floor, all aspects of the restaurant were built with flawless black and white marble. Rich, plum-colored velvet curtains were gathered at the sides of every window and archway, adding an ironic elegance to the Taco Bell palette. A mariachi band played in the entry hall of the restaurant, creating a tasteful atmosphere for the restaurant patrons to enjoy as they stood in line to order their meal at the counter.
They dragged Tony’s fancy new mattress out into the middle of the room, piled on the couch cushions and blankets, and watched Blade on Tony’s 23 inch hand-me-down. To make it even better, Sharon called him ten minutes into the movie to report that 007 had completed his meeting with H. After a seventeen hour shift, Tony was officially off the clock.
“Then how about this,” Tony wondered out loud. “‘At least I’ll be there, and if shit goes down, we’ll go paint the town red’? Hit the bars, maybe get lucky—whatever, you and me, it’ll be great.”
Tony whined under his breath and turned his face into Steve’s thigh in an effort to get away from his dad’s demand.
“We need help with our communication,” Tony started, and Steve turned to watch him talk and shift uneasily on the couch as calmly as he could manage.
“I have fire in my loins!” Bruce shouted back in his own defense, and all Tony could do in for the next ninety seconds was regret his relative sobriety.
He recognized the sound of the lube, and little by little, the hazy, distant words spilling from Tony’s lips started to come into focus over the aggressive sound of flesh slapping on flesh.
“Hey, isn’t that our Graham Norton episode?” he wondered, and without asking questions or thinking twice, Steve clicked over to the channel and rewound to the start of the show. They watched Graham Norton’s monologue, chuckling to themselves every now and then, and watched as Sarah Millican and Colin Farrell were brought on before the two of them joined the couch.
“When you said to pick you up from Tribeca,” he said, “I was looking forward to moping. Maybe some tears.”
“Why would Rumlow want to start a damn business?” Steve continued when nobody answered him. “Are you under the impression that he’s trying to make some cash?”
“As far as I’m concerned, we still are,” he growled, but in difference to Tony who only seemed tickled by the childish mockery of a marriage certificate, Steve felt increasingly unsettled.
Or, was he talking to the old man? Steve knew from bitter experience that Rumlow needed no more than two seconds to put a bullet through someone’s heart. Despite his efforts, it took Steve five times as long to catch up with them.
“Steve, hey!” Tony greeted with a burst of excitement, but then he quickly cleared his throat and pulled himself together in an effort to sound calmer. “I’m, uh. I’m glad you called.”
Steve listened to Tony’s argument without interrupting him. He needed to do well this weekend, but he couldn’t do it at the expense of his grades. More importantly, there was something about having Tony next to him that made him feel like he could take on the world and come out on top. Having him close through the challenge would be a dream come true.
“I can’t believe… you,” he tried to say, staggering over multiple thoughts and feelings at the same time - to Steve’s obvious delight. “She wouldn’t stop trying to set me up, I didn’t know she knew you, I swear.”
“Did… did I interrupt your sleep, Steve Rogers?” Tony asked despite his fear of Steve’s answer. Had he misjudged the situation so terribly?
Steve made for the bed as soon as he got in, shedding clothes and stretching out under the covers with the proprietary leisure of a tomcat. Tony crawled in after him at a more subdued pace. Steve had taken one look at him before his expression grew concerned and he rolled up on his elbow to lean in close. “Sweetheart,” he whispered softly, reaching for Tony’s hand and bringing it to his lips for a kiss. “What’s bothering you? Talk to me.”
“It’s just an adhesive, it washes off,” Tony promised, but when Rhodey narrowed his eyes, he smiled a little nervously. “I think. I made it! It will work.”
It wasn’t until Tony was hauling his two duffle bags, computer bag, parka, and rolling suitcase through several inches of grimey snow that it occurred to him that he might have overpacked. Grouchy and irritated, and so very, very cold on his walk from the curb to the steps of the apartment, Tony was sorely tempted to dump everything in the dirty snowbank and find a ride back to the airport when Steve appeared in the doorway like the hero in some fever dream.
Tony blinked in confusion. Steve? Gorgeous, devoted, hardworking student-athlete who treated everyone with respect and never half-assed a day of his life? He tried to pick his head up to look Steve in the eyes, but Steve didn’t move his head as he spoke. So instead, Tony wormed his arms around one of Steve’s big biceps and squeezed tight, holding him in return to offer what comfort he could.
Steve and Bucky crawled out of the sewer drains gasping for breath and mostly alive. They dragged themselves up onto solid ground, scraping clusters of debris and filth off their faces while trying to catch their breath without breathing in too deeply.
Tony gave Bruce a look, but he said nothing. Once he got his jacket off, Tony walked around his superiors and covered Steve’s body with his jacket to preserve his modesty the best that he could.
“I’m honored!” he quickly recovered, still laughing. “I’m glad you were willing to come back, I’m very flattered.”
“Don’t worry about it, shouldn’t be a problem,” Tony assured him with a smile before getting to work. “Might take a minute.”
Tony looked down at his cold, untouched burger and his chin jerked in acknowledgement. He sat absolutely still, then cautiously asked, “Just friends?”
“Even if that was true,” Clint said quietly, because yeah, no. He’d believe that miracle when he saw it. “I’ve seen the way Tony looks at you, Stephanie. He stood by my side when he didn’t need to, and I will stand by him. My answer is no.”
“I know you love me,” Tony informed him cheekily, and Steve laughed against Tony’s smirking lips, laughed into their kiss, and eventually he dropped his full weight on top of Tony in the middle of all the blankets.
Steve bit the bullet almost immediately after he got back to campus and called his ma with the news. It was the only call he desperately wished he didn’t have to make, but the only one he absolutely needed to. She was his only family; she was his everything. But that afternoon, for the first time in his life, Steve made her cry. Unable to stomach himself, he made another call to his good friends at the Beauty Oasis. The three of them dropped their respective plans and collected at the salon with an assortment of donuts, ice creams, and gooey grilled cheese sandwiches.
James Rhodes, Tony’s best friend and - most importantly - the man responsible for Tony’s security. Had Steve’s worst nightmares come true? Had Tony worked himself sick? Had another demented soul made an attempt on Tony’s life in Steve’s absence? The icy chill of terror clawed down Steve’s back without mercy, and in his sudden panic, Steve sat up and groped with wild, uncoordinated hands for the phone.
Since Steve had nothing but his underwear on, Tony could easily see the blush coloring his chest and his neck as easily as he saw it spreading across his face. He grinned with delight, itching to reach out and tease him, but Steve only huffed quietly and tried to keep a straight face, as if to pretend Tony’s words hadn’t affected him one bit.
“February,” Bucky told him while picking up another handful of almonds. “That place smelled. They don’t tell you that on TV.”
“They were uncomfortable and not my size,” Steve muttered petulantly. “My gloves should have worked. They’re good quality leather.”
, but it’s never physical. Mom tells him what to do, and dad does what he wants when he can get away with it. I’ve… I never saw them together that often, growing up; she spends the day with the girls, and he’s out on the ranch or in his office.”
He pulled the boxes out of his pocket then, and, carefully, balanced them on the wide rim of the tub.
They arrived at the Citizen Hotel where Steve’s staff had already prepared the penthouse for his stay. Bucky and Coulson took nearby suites on the same floor and left the exhausted king alone for the night. Steve kicked off his shoes and threw his jacket over an armchair as he rushed into the lounge and dropped into the nearest sofa.
“Our domestic agriculture is pitiful at best,” Tony had to admit, “but our greatest shortcoming is that we have more highly skilled professionals than we have opportunities. We are already a small nation, to see so many emigrate for no more than job opportunities breaks my heart, but there is little we can do. They are teachers, engineers, and doctors, and they are eager to change the world. In a united kingdom, fewer would feel the need to leave, and they could do a great deal of good in Terrini.”
“Was—is someone using my books?” he choked out, presumably addressing his questions to the detectives even if he couldn’t stop looking at the horror put in front of him. “Were they killed like this? Were they—did, oh god,” he gasped with a sudden whimper, scrubbing a hand over his eyes and covering his mouth as the shock turned to overwhelming distress.
“I, uh,” Tony stammered. He stared at Stephanie, wide-eyed, as if now that he was finally here, he wasn’t sure what he could possibly say. “I, I was wrong. I thought—I misheard you and Clint. I thought you were binding yourself to the Chief because she is a Woman. Because you thought, you know. That she is better.”
“You know,” Clint said quietly to Tony, as if there’d be hell to pay if someone somehow caught them making such terrible, uncouth life choices. “If Steve cleans the house while we’re out, I bet I could get back here in time to get the grill going for lunch.”
There was something quite soothing about ending your night draped across another human body, either shouting about dastardly bachelors, or lusting for
“You come on my cock,” he reminded him, grinding into Tony’s body after a particularly rough thrust.
“Wife. He goes a little overboard sometimes. He’s a great guy, he just… all or nothing, you know?” Steve answered quietly, closing the door to the laundry room behind him so they could have some privacy. “Anyway, where were we?”
The night of March 14th approached, and Tony still didn’t have a plan. No amount of bribery had worked, and while Annelise was open to selling it for five times the property’s value, but she wouldn’t sell before May after fulfilling all her current reservations. It wasn’t ideal, but Tony paid her a lump sum to stop anyone from making new reservations while he thought it over.
His words had little effect on Steve, and instead, the Captain turned away from him to address the Chief Director himself. “We need two more chairs.”
Long minutes passed before Tony reluctantly pulled off and let Steve’s cock slip from his lips. The loss of his warm mouth left Steve shivering even in their hot shower, but a calm had returned to him. His limbs were heavy and uncooperative, as if this short time away from his daily stress was all he needed to remember his exhaustion. Patiently, Tony helped him up and led them out to the bedroom. They fell into bed, dried but tangled in each other through shared kisses and supportive arms.
“Well,” Tony said slowly, cautiously, “wouldn’t be much of a risk if one of you pretended to be the ther—”
“Happy,” he said slowly as he hesitated on the curb, staring up at the imposing grandeur of the hotel he had no business going to for a casual lunch. “Is Tony here?”
Steve looked from the paper to the woman he considered his first friend on campus. For the life of him, he didn’t know what to say.
“I think we can do better,” he decided then, closing the boxes up and stretching to put them away on the wide ledge of the bed. Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s shoulder and hummed softly in agreement, then slowly, careful of his stiff back, stood up again to hang their towels over the Tony’s old desk chair.
“No MLK, got it,” he promised, then with a slow, deep rumble in his voice, Tony asked, “Hey, Steve? You know, I asked you a question yesterday…”
Steve threw him away from them with a thud and a clatter of jewelry. He scrambled away from them, then quickly pulled out his hand-held computer. His fingers flew over the keyboard with newfound motivation.
Steve rolled his eyes, and not for the first time that hour, he explained. “I don’t have a crush on Sam Heughan, I have a crush on Caitriona Balfe.
“Steve, I don’t know how to tell you this,” Tony said with slow, uncomfortable words. He gestured at the stool again, and Steve retook his seat. “Remember the whole shit-show with the Tesseract and Loki’s staff? Future-You is a thief, the Ancient One might have the hots for Hulk dick?”
“Fantastic kisser,” Tony guessed, hypnotized from across the room by the tempting curve of Steve’s smile, his full bottom lip, and the sly mischief revealed in his smirk. His wife was a lucky woman and Tony implicitly hated her, just a little.
“Intimately,” Tony assured her, and, judging by the sudden laughter from the audience, a good number of them were aware of Tony’s relationship with the embodiment of a legendary American (super)soldier.
“Sorry, these, these are the standard Barking questions,” Chris said to Steve in a hushed tone of apology, “it’s what we ask everyone. They’re typically dog handlers, but—”
“Thought you were too busy to work on the assignment today,” Steve said in monotone, moving on from the superficial points to flesh out Tony’s strong calves and elegant legs. The time Steve could spend just on his ankles and feet alone bordered on alarming.
“Sometimes,” Tony admitted quietly. He sat down at the table again, keeping one mug while offering the other to Steve.
For a moment, Steve was too distracted by Tony’s lips to react - when the question caught up with him, he had to pull away to avoid laughing into Tony’s mouth.
Steve nearly dropped his book in the water. The next Stark Adventure wasn’t slated for another year, Tony was previewing it already? Forgoing all other things, Steve tossed his book on top of a stack of towels where it would be safe and snatched up his phone. Tony hadn’t even shared the premise of his upcoming novel yet, and this wasn’t only a blurb Tony had shared: he had posted twenty pages for his subscribing members to enjoy. The first twenty pages of the first chapter.
Steve lifted Tony’s cock in one big paw, pressing it against his belly to encourage the other masters to inspect his prize organs more closely. They lost no time crowding in close around Tony’s naked body, thumbing at his testicles and petting his mostly concealed cock. As they grew increasingly confident in their touches, Steve stepped back, and Tony could feel their coarse fingers probing at his puckered hole and scratching down his thighs, raising red lines over his skin as they pulled and toyed with the only profitable fucking hole Tony’s body had to offer.
Tony gave her a sidelong look and smirked. “He was right,” he told her all too casually. “Steve showed me how to get here. This morning. Do you know what else he showed me?”
Tony went down in the middle of the woods with a shout and a crash. The impact knocked the wind from his lungs and his head spun from the knock of face-planting into the ground, but those were the least of his problems. His foot was stuck and twisted under him. Sharp, burning pain radiated from his ankle, overwhelming his awareness of anything else around him. Worse still, he was too far from the trail to call for help.
“I wasn’t trying to, or even trying to be funny. There was a time I thought maybe PTSD was interfering with, uh… That I couldn’t get excited. At twenty-two that’s a scary thought, it was awful - and one time, a woman even left. I was useless to her so she just stopped in the middle of, of everything and left.”
“Sergeant James B. Barnes?” Tony echoed, not that either of them acknowledged him. Steve looked like his knees were about to buckle just as Bucky caught him in his arms and hauled him into a crushing hug.
Bruce glanced over his shoulder, but Tony had snatched the ticket out of the machine before Bruce had any reason to think about it. The simple and thoughtful gesture was enough to remind him of whom he was yelling at, and just like that, his anger evaporated.
“Isn’t that the truth?” Tony sighed, leaning against the length of Steve’s arm then for a more intense cuddle while they walked. “You smell good.”
Karl and Georgie smiled as they listened to the story, but out of the corner of his eye, Tony caught Steve clutched Fran to his chest and openly stared. Before Karl or Georgie had a chance to move the conversation along, Steve spoke up.
“I… am happy for you both,” Steve figured was the most polite thing to say to Thor, but after that he was a little lost. Their secret moot had so far only accomplished revealing Steve’s intention to tell and/or show Tony how he felt, witnessing a few bets being settled, and getting their collective support.
Steve had heard through the grapevine that Brock and his study group would be getting together for the first time on Tuesday evening, so he packed up his books and grabbed his big basket of bribes to join them.
Steve rumbled deep in his throat in reply, turning where he lay until his cheek was pillowed on Tony’s thigh, and he had an arm curled over Tony’s leg to hold him close. His open palm rested against Tony’s inner thigh with a light touch.
Even in the city, clubs and bars were places Steve only frequented when necessary, when he needed a partner and a blissful release from the day’s frustrations. But despite the formidable noise rising in this converted little barn, Steve found the crowd to be less intimidating than he was used to. There were only sixty or seventy people in the barn with them, and most people were gathered around various group activities—darts, billiards, or jeering at those participating in either darts or billiards. Only a dozen people huddled around the big, round bar, while another handful entertained themselves on a mechanical bull at the center of the barn.
“A great deal is an understatement,” Steve huffed, more rueful than amused. “We have only one university in Terrini; we will be lucky if all children in the coming generation receive a secondary education.”
“Sweet talking me does not mean you get away with saying hurtful things,” Tony replied with a little pout that left Steve’s heart aching to reach for him. “It has been two days. I am not
“I do trust him, dad,” Steve promised, because nothing was easier to admit. “I just… I wouldn’t mind knowing that he wanted me for me first. Steve Rogers, not Steve half-Kryptonian son of Superman.”
“Oh, wow,” Stark said softly in his surprise, his gaze catching on their detective’s badges as he eyed them both curiously. “What can I do for New York’s Finest?”
One of the benefits of jet lag was the shorter lines at the grocery store. When he wasn’t in LA or Vancouver for some shoot, Bucky kept to New York. Nobody had the time or energy to care about who he was in New York, and after all his years in the industry, there was nothing he cherished more than the anonymous life. Privacy was a luxury, not a commodity, and it was worth every ounce of sacrifice.
“Steve?” he said softly, and Steve quickly shook whatever was on his mind to give Tony his attention. “What do you think we could achieve together if we tried?”
“Mr. Stark, this is the NYPD, not the PTA. Just because you have time to volunteer doesn’t mean we can accept—”
Well fed and well fucked, Steve and Tony made it to their cozy, rustic treehouse. It was tucked away among the trees under a thick canopy of red and orange leaves, with large, sliding glass doors, and no other people or structures as far as the eye could see. Steve took both of their small duffles and carried them up the stairs.
Tony grew more and more pale with every word Steve spoke, and almost looked nauseous by the end. “Captain Steven Grant Rogers,” he interjected suddenly, horrified. “Are… you are speaking of, of. Of fluid transfer?”
All around him, his cotton candy hugged him again in fresh waves of painless peace. He was safe from her now, and he could feel Tony’s hand in his, and the world was so perfect and fuzzy and sweet. Sleep weighed on his eyes and quieted his thoughts, but Steve didn't want to go if Tony wasn't sleeping, too.
“I’ll forget about you hiding from my twenty year old horse, if you’ll forget I ever said that,” Tony muttered all in one breath.
“I will be faithful to you and only you, for as long as you will have me,” he promised her as he held her securely against his body with one arm, and cupped her face with his free hand. “These eyes and this heart will be all I will ever worship.”
Poolside, the swimmers were down to their suits and little else. There were guys on the team who were taller than Steve, and those who were leaner and more defined—there were even some whose competitive excitement and rush of adrenaline for the upcoming race packed more of a punch in their straining little suits, though Tony didn’t seem to notice.
“They sure won’t,” he agreed as he pulled the shutter closed again. “You’re out of here as soon as the storm is over.”
Obliging as always, Steve closed Tony’s shirt over his wounds, then grabbed Tony’s phone. Like all standard MI6 phones, holding down the 0 signaled an alarm and request for safe extraction. Tony just didn’t understand how Steve knew.
“The way you looked tonight, Tony,” Steve rasped in a whisper near Tony’s ear, “you moved like a dream.”
Tony already knew that look. It was Steve’s argumentative face, which he was brazenly (though probably not successfully) trying to resist. Except, the sun was already getting high, and the last thing Tony needed was to leave the hard labor for the hottest hours of the day.
“Sir, I’m not interested in your son because of your money,” Steve said as calmly as he could. “Nothing he said of you or his childhood lifestyle suggested you were wealthy.”
“You wanted to tell me something?” Steve finally dared to say at the same time as Tony asked, “How was your first day?”
But resting his body had allowed Tony’s ass to recover fairly well, and the novice student struggled to force the thick canister past the tight ring of Tony’s hole. At first he only got the tapered head in, but he struggled to thrust hard enough to breach Tony’s body with the full length of the canister.
“And here is your prize, Captain!” Karl said as an assistant walked on stage to hand Steve the smallest, fluffiest dog Tony had ever seen. Some of the crew melted at the sight of the adorable puppy, but it was Steve who cradled the small thing in the palm of one hand and held on to her with the other. She was squirming and wriggling with all her little might as she tried and failed to reach his face and lick his mouth; Tony could only sympathize. Steve contained her efforts all too easily, cooing and praising her in turns.
“I’m a fan, why wouldn’t I talk to other fans?” Steve asked in a tone that suggested Jimmy’s question was the silly one, leaving the ‘duh’ implied.
Tony hung up the phone before Steve could respond. He dropped the phone in the chair cushions and closed his eyes to sit in silence for some time, struggling to distance himself from that humiliating conversation.
“Have you been to a game before?” Steve asked through his teeth, trying to look more pleased than furious about Tony’s apparent lack of boundaries.
“You’re already talking to her, just tell her I’m busy. We’re eating, she can wait,” Steve explained, but Tony’s momentary disbelief started to look more like irritation.
The masters paid Steve a handsome stud fee for all the ejaculate collected from Tony that day, and Steve waited until it was only the two of them left before lifting Tony’s limp, exhausted body from the harvesting machine.
“I’m sorry, Sparky,” he whispered into Steve’s hair as his laughter eased into a smile, and he pressed an affectionate kiss to Steve’s temple. “You really are my hero tonight.”
That seemed to be all the encouragement Tony needed. He wrapped his arm around Steve’s and leaned in close, hugging the full length of his arm and leaning into Steve’s side as they made their way in through the crowd.
Steve dialed both power dials for spinning and bucking up to 10, and Rhodey reached over and reset the timer. The training wheels were off. The next sharp turn-and-buck to the left had Tony grabbing for his hat before it flew off his head, and from then on, it became a real show.
When he turned his attention back to Steve, Steve had finished most of his water and was turning the glass in his hand to watch the ice cubes shift.
Steve stacked two smaller boxes on top of a big box in the corner with his books, then turned to give Tony a wry, long-suffering look. “I told you it was a mess. I can call you a cab if you—”
“I am unharmed, I assure you,” Tony said with a practiced pleasant smile. “I am here to bring you supper, and to see if you would like some company.”
“I killed two men,” Tony confessed with a broken sob. “At close range, I shot them. Steve, I watched them die.”
“Want company?” Steve asked as casually as he could. “I’m practically asleep as it is, but I haven’t eaten since breakfast in LA.”
Relief washed over Steve like sunshine emerging from the shadows on a warm summer day. “You’re back,” he said with a broad smile, and he ducked back to the bathroom to hang his towel up before joining Tony on the bed.
Over the warm folds of the towel wrapped around his face, Steve narrowed his eyes at her. He couldn’t reply without disrupting the barber’s work.
“Hey, Tony,” Sam called across the bench, hurrying around it with gleeful enthusiasm before Tony even had a chance to finish his own thought and look up. From one second to the next, Sam stood right next to him with what looked like a pen and a mechanical wasp in his hands. “Listen. 004 is going to be in here any minute. Bucky made the pen and I made the stinger. Can you make her fly?”
She didn’t need to finish the sentence, Tony simply nodded and promised he’d keep an eye on her bag until she got back. For a second, he wondered if he could make it over to Steve Rogers and test the waters before Jane got back - if nothing else, to confirm that he was straight so Tony wouldn’t lose sleep imagining that broad, powerful back bearing down on him, or those beautiful, expressive lips wrapped around his cock. Tony’s measly string of exes may have been passable in bed, but none of them had the natural charisma Steve casually exuded with his friends, with the brave women approaching him (and his not unattractive friends), or with Jane. Steve had a friendly smile to spare for everyone, and Tony was so caught up in his fantasies that his eventual double-take when he realized
“As I was saying before I was rudely interrupted,” Fury said as he began the meeting again. “The computers have completed their analyses and calculations. They have determined that Brock Rumlow will appear next in order to acquire pharmaceuticals for unsanctioned narcotics development, and later in his subsequent recruitment of a crime syndicate. The best opportunity for apprehending Brock Rumlow is in the first stage of his villainous crimes. I want patrol groups of eight lieutenants positioned at every chemical laboratory—”
“It’s not about anyone, and they won’t care it’s me. It’s nothing but a trade, something necessary we both need but the details never matter. All that matters is how fast I can get my dick out to fuck them. And I fuck them hard,” he added more quietly, because even speaking the words out loud had him blushing from embarrassment and thrusting into his loose fist. “Maybe I hurt them, but it doesn’t matter. I just need to come, as fast as possible. I, I use them, and they just take it. And when it’s done, I pull out and leave, and I never care to see them again.”
“It was only an hour ago,” Steve muttered, finally stopping his anxious pacing to drop and sprawl on his couch.
One foot in front of the other, one step at a time. All first-years had the same classes, and Steve was bound to find Brock then. Soon the worst part of this new life would be over, and these few unhappy interactions would be a sore memory long forgotten.
Ean came to a stop before the Mayor and held out his arms for his attendants. He never looked away from the Mayor as two priestesses stepped forward to slowly, and with great care, peel away the gauzy red veil draped across the chief priest’s broad shoulders. Every turn of fabric revealed inches of smooth, unblemished skin, untouched by hardship or toil. The audience observed in reverent silence, but the Mayor, who never before had been so close to Brigid’s chosen sacrifice, watched with his heart caught in his throat as the chief priest was stripped by the attendants right before his eyes.
“If you truly believed me to be noble, then you would know that I’m not going to give up on someone I love. Especially if there’s a chance those feelings may be returned,” Steve addressed. “And quite honestly if you knew that Tony loved you back, you wouldn’t be so concerned with me fighting for him.”
Frustration rested like a thick blanket in the tower. Agents and Avengers were armed alike, ready to go search the location. They were so close and were conscious not to make any mistakes. The driver had been entirely helpful, but there was still no room for error. Everyone was on their toes.
Tony laughed leaning back and taking more of Steve, raising Steve’s hands briefly to settle on the place over his heart.
When they made it to the hospital, the first thing they did was go to the front desk. Steve placed a hand on Harley’s shoulder. He noticed the trembling of Harley’s body.
Cali opened her mouth, but quickly shut it and jumped off of the bed as Ryder came in. Only Winston and Miriam were there to follow him. The two of them sat in two chairs opposite of where Tony was. Ryder sat close to Tony and kissed his cheek. He leaned back and smiled at Tony. Tony wanted to snatch the smile off of his face.
While he was talking he grabbed a bottle of lube and opened it. He put some on his fingers and looked down at Tony. Tony’s heart slowed down, when he realized that for once, Ryder was actually going to properly prep him. He could do this.
, Tony thought to himself letting that last remaining bit of coldness ease its way out of his body. He leaned further into the hold of Clint and Natasha whose arms were now tightly wrapped around him as they leaned over to grab different blocks. He felt peaceful, telling Thor and Sam where to build a certain door.
What had he done to make them…He tilted his head downward. Maybe that’s why he had given up on trying to tell Pepper and Rhodey because he figured after Ryder another would just easily take his place.
Steve mumbled softly, nosing into Tony’s neck. Tony looked down at Steve who had his head against his chest and arm thrown tightly over Tony’s waist even in sleep. Tony smiled at that level of unconscious protectiveness.
Tony sat down beside Miles, who was already brimming with excitement. Tony wrapped a hand around his son pulling him closer to him and sniff at his hair. Miles giggled softly and brushed his hands against Tony’s cheek.
“No, you are not going to blame yourself,” Tony sharply demanded. “None of this is your fault, either of yours.”
Steve smiled brightly as he watched the pink flush flood Tony’s cheek. He could watch that color travel into the softness of his cheeks for the rest of his days on this earth, if he could. He smiled even more, when Tony seemed to be speechless for once. Steve had appreciated all of this and was thankful for Natasha, Sam, and Bucky for helping him pull his head outside of his…well ass.
His mind continue circling around those thoughts and it only served to increase the growing pain in his head. He distinctly remembered his head bouncing off of the window in the car at one particular sharp turn. He remembered Ryder touching the spot of impact and cooing at him.
“Look, I don’t know why you keep looking at me as though I’m the bad guy. I have already apologized, isn’t that enough,” Clint argued resting his back
Peter bit his lip forcing back a retort…but he’s never been good at really holding back what he wants to say.
Natasha walked in closing the door behind her. She sat across from Steve and pulled her knees to her chest. Neither of the two said anything to each other and just allowed for a few minutes of quietness to settle.
Eva rolled her eyes and titled the corners of her lip in an amusing smile. “I know he would eventually cave.  Now go have fun Isak. Dinner will be ready, when you two are back.”
“Wow, that’s actually pretty amazing,” Sam admitted. “You’ll have to tell him I said thanks. While I would love to be back, I think I need some time back with my family.”
He pressed one finger lightly inside Tony and Tony tried calming down his breathing. “And he would move inside of you and it would feel like a storm is settling inside your stomach…like something has entered that cannot be calmed. He’d continue kissing you and say sweet nothings into your ear. He’d wait for you to fall apart first and he would be brought over the edge just because he was satisfied that he did that to you. That’s how he’d do it right?”
“Natasha! Natasha!” Tony shouted after her as she went into the kitchen to talk to her little fan, Jaime. “I’m going to get payback and you’re going to help me bambino,” he said to Miles who was beginning to fall asleep in his arms.
A groan rippled through his body and he felt the sting of tears press against his eyes. He brought his hands from where they were resting on his lap and rubbed the palm of his hand into his eyes. He tried massaging away the sting settling in there, but it was only coupled with the burning in his throat. He had felt something want to claw itself out of his throat and just echo into the open air.
“With a very hot nurse, who you have mentioned has a few certain desirable assets. Emphasis on ass,” Tony snickered, of course making sure he covered his hands over Miles’ ears. Miles didn’t like this and went to tug Tony’s hands away from his ears.
Because the news outlet hadn’t received any information about Tony’s disappearance or the abusive relationship he had with Ryder. It was Tony’s decision to keep everything close to the chest.
“Okay, good. Well I have to go and Tony is asleep right now so would one of you mind watching over Miles at least until Tony wakes?”
He couldn’t even see Tony sitting in front of him anymore, all he could see was Tony in that room drugged out with whatever Ryder had been giving him, bruises strewn across his thinning body, and a swollen lip. He could hear Tony’s screams echoed in his ears. He could feel the ghost of Tony pushing at his chest.
“That sounds fun,” Steve replied. He cleared his voice trying to clear up the emotion that settled thickly in his throat.
Since he was already up, Steve decided to go ahead and get a start on his day. First things first was finding out where on earth Tony had gone. Slipping on some Iron Man slippers that Clint had bought him as a birthday gag gift, which was now one of the most comfortable things Steve owned, Steve quietly left his room and headed to the boys’ bedroom.
Steve wondered to himself why he was saying all of this to an unconscious Tony, but his words just continued to pour out of himself. He couldn’t control what he was saying any more than he could control what was going on in his head.
“Pigs get more aggressive and territorial this time of year,” Clint explained, “mating season’s coming up. They normally don’t come out near the cattle, but I guess water’s been bad this year.”
. Third,” Bucky finished in monotone, “since everything about this case has to go through Agent Hammertoe’s people, they put me through with her. I told her what we needed, and turns out we don’t need the Georgia police after all, we just needed the FBI databank.”
Eventually, they learned that these men were a mixed group of hired mercenaries who had laid a trap for Tony near the royal stables, where he often walked alone. Under regular circumstances, Tony’s absence would never have gone unnoticed. But after months of countless disappearing acts and consistent and intentionally limited communication with his security, Tony’s silence was tolerated longer than protocol demanded. Rhodes’ unusually relaxed attitude had allowed these men to get their target as far as Eisenturm’s airport. Had that plane been able to land, they may not have recovered Tony so easily.
Steve insisted that he was alright, and that Tony had no reason to worry, but Tony wouldn’t have any of it. He towed them back to Steve’s place within the hour, invited himself in and helped Steve get comfortable on the couch before dashing into the kitchen to raid the freezer.
“We’re okay, babe,” Tony promised, absently rubbing Steve’s back in an instinctive effort to comfort him. “But if you want to talk, we’ll talk.”
Tony groaned and hid his face in his hands. He was coming up on his thirty-sixth birthday, he was too old for googly-eyed puppy love. “Was I obvious before?” he asked in a shy mumble instead of acknowledging her comment. “Before yesterday.”
“Wake up, everybody! The cavalry is here,” the man announced, plucking his sunglasses off with a decided flourish. “That’s right: the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or the FBI. You might have heard of us. I am Special Agent Hammer, Justin Hammer. I need Captain Carter and I need Detective Rogers. Which of you charming locals can—”
“Sweetheart, you know better than anyone,” Steve answered with a smirk. “Nothing is worn under the kilt. Everything is in fine, working order.”
The flowers were stunning. How Tony had found a blue flower in a shade so close to Steve’s own eye color Steve would never know. The four days Tony was away on a business trip to California had left Steve’s life so quiet, but trust Tony to surprise him during their short time apart with such a romantic gesture.
“Right, of course. Sure. You know, Pepper told me you couldn’t stop talking about me on the phone. She said you were
Her reaction was the last possible one Brock would have anticipated, and with a frown of irritation, he turned to take in the people milling around him. People were tall and lean, willowy almost, like they had never seen a protein shake in their collective lives. But in contrast to the fashion of his time, none of them showcased their bodies in skinny jeans, fitted tees, or sheath dresses.
Tony rolled his eyes with a good-natured smile, but he got his business card out anyway. “Don’t sweat it, Steve, Steve Rogers,” he teased, scribbling something on the back of his business card before handing it over. “My number’s on the back. Not sure how long I’ll be here in London, but, call me.”
that much more enjoyable. Every face, every voice, every smell,” Tony listed slowly in his reply, shamelessly undressing Steve from across the table with nothing but a look. “Every touch.”
(Personal YAY for first time use of texting in fic - I had such a good time with it that apparently now I can't stop using it! HA =D)
Steve blinked back at him, then glanced around himself to see just how many people with them on the tube had overheard the scandalous accusations. Luckily, only half the population of London was in attendance to throw unsavory looks of disapproval Steve’s way that morning.
It didn’t matter how many times he’d done this before, or how many times he told himself he’d feel better as soon as the conversation got started, these last seconds before he stepped out on stage still felt like hell.
Tony’s mortified heart dropped, and when he saw Steve's shoulders hunch inward, a chill washed over his back.
Bucky cringed as something else occurred to him. “What do you think our chances are that he hasn’t noticed we found the goober?”
,” he crowed, reaching for a strip of hot, crispy bacon, but Maria smacked his hand away before he even got close, tuting at his poor manners.
Tony blinked back at him, momentarily confused. It took him a few seconds to remember who held him upright, and that his feet weren’t in fact touching the floor.
Tony climbed to his feet in a hurry and all but chased his husband out of the library, through a glimmering hall of mirrors, and up a spiral staircase shortcut through a closet to their bedroom. From there, Steve lifted him into his arms and carried him the rest of the way.
Steve thought nothing of following the medics carrying Tony away until Bucky grabbed him by the arm and turned him around. Instinctively, Steve reached for the gurney to keep the medics from carrying Tony away from him while his back was turned.
You don’t think I see what you’re doing here? Sandbagging me with this Ellen thing just so you can look good for the Board? Because you are
He felt Steve’s quiet huff of a laugh before he heard it, but there was no hesitation. The bed dipped as Steve crawled closer, and without opening his eyes, Tony turned onto his back and puckered his lips.
“This is good,” Tony murmured under his breath, only loud enough for Steve’s ears. “I trust you, Steve, I still do. Anything changes, I’ll let you know. Okay?”
Steve’s grin gentled into a thoughtful smile as he considered Tony. “How about a beer and your company? Here, I mean,” he quickly clarified, lest Tony think he wanted sex to make up for any perceived slights.
“When,” Steve whispered, his voice hoarse from fear. He remembered the last time he saw his father, leading a small group of soldiers into the night. He remembered finding his father’s body days later in an unmarked mass grave with the rest of his men. He remembered carrying his father back to their camp, he remembered making the call to his mother.
“They got you some good stuff there, babe,” he laughed softly and patted at Steve’s offered treasure. “You keep that, I’ll have some later, okay?”
Steve rolled his eyes and dumped the yolk in his hand into the discard bowl. One extra egg white wouldn’t hurt either of them.
The few minutes had been all Steve had needed to get his mind around the prospect of ‘special occasion lingerie,’ and after all, Valentine’s was just around the corner. So, instead of balking or feeling embarrassed, he turned the computer towards Sharon to invite her to see the small collection he’d put in his cart.
“I, um,” Sharon stammered, her gaze immediately falling to the Starbucks cup Steve had turned around for her. Sure enough, there was a short, enthusiastic message and phone number written in Sharpie. Color rose in Sharon’s cheeks and for the first time that morning, she was demonstrably flustered.
“I’ll text if anything changes,” Tony agreed, calling after Bruce as he headed for the door. Then he turned to Thor, and asked, “You remember the plan, right?”
“Wanna take a last ride on the Captain for good luck?” Rhodey teased, and Tony snickered at the old, childish joke. “Show ‘em all how it’s done?”
People had sex every day, all around the world. Anal sex was common enough - many women even, who had a clear alternative, were open to it. But with a man like Steve… well. Tony had his doubts.
It was slimmer than any phone Steve had seen, and if he hadn’t known any better, he’d never think it was more than a piece of polished obsidian. But apart from how slim it was, Steve couldn’t see anything unusual about it. When he looked up at Tony for an explanation, Tony flipped the phone over and slipped off the backing that covered the battery.
His phone call momentarily forgotten, Tony sat up straight at his desk. “What did the good doctor say?”
Steve hummed thoughtfully for a while as he chewed his sandwich. “None of them were invited to CERN, were they?”
to escape a deeply uncomfortable situation where a toy he frequently (and enthusiastically) played with was riddled with teeth indentations, covered in slobber and dirt, and right under Mr. Perfect’s nose.
She tied him to a chair. She asked him where Bond hid the ledger on Scorpius. She asked him what Bond knew, what he knew about Singapore.
Steve threw back his head with a laugh, and Tony found himself wishing it would go on forever. As his laughter quieted into tickled chuckles and a delighted smile, Steve settled more comfortably, watching Tony as if they were the only two people in the crowded bar.
Under any other circumstances, Steve might have grinned back at him, at least a little; he might even have brushed it off and given her some polite, untrue platitude, like, ‘it’s nice to meet you,’ but he couldn’t do anything but stare and listen; he sat absolutely still, frozen in place by the uncomfortable proximity of her armed husband.
While they’d only been dating for two months, they’d been friends much longer. A lot of the worst hurdles were behind them; they knew how to communicate, they trusted each other implicitly, and they counted on each other’s support more than anyone else. The consequence, however, was that little went unnoticed between them. Every expression and tone was recognized and interpreted intuitively, and if Steve wanted to keep the worst of his pitiful insecurities from Tony, he’d have to be very careful.
“Is this your way of asking me to let him win the next game, my love?” he teased Steve with a practiced smile.
Between the case file and their coursework, Steve and Maria busied themselves in the library until well past midnight. Tuesday, Steve spent the day with Sam, Paulette, and Erin at the Beauty Oasis, so it wasn’t until Wednesday morning during his ma’s first break in the day that Steve was first confronted with an important detail about the case.
“Your kind are… fragile, volatile,” Steve said honestly, turning them down a path and leading them through a looming archway into a grey mountainside. “Besides, you are only viable for so long.”
Tony was the first to break the silent stand-off with a burst of laughter, blushing even with the stage make-up.
“What? No. Was I supposed to?” Tony replied, and he glanced around at the other fans to see if he had somehow missed an important memo. Most people were wearing some kind of Rangers swag, but it didn’t seem like jerseys were mandatory. But then, even Steve wasn’t wearing one.
In his hurry to get Steve all to himself, Tony pushed the tray in to back Steve further into the suite so he’d have enough space to throw his duffle to the floor and shut the door behind them.
“What—” Steve stammered under his breath, almost sounding shaken from his orgasm, as if he couldn’t quite find the strength speak yet. “What was that, Tony?”
It took a minute or two for an elevator to get there, but when the cab got there, at least it was empty. Steve pressed the button for the sixth floor and leaned his weight back against the wall. He could finally breathe again.
“It’s like talking to a brick wall,” Bruce muttered, only nodding in the affirmative when the waiter came around to ask if he’d like the menu and a cup of coffee.
“Yeah, like you’re going alone. Governor’s compound, now,” Bucky said loudly, and every tired, bruised, bleeding face turned to him.
Spreading those ass cheeks again, Steve swept a lazy but insistent circle around Tony’s hole, painting his target wet and warm with the lube from his gloves. Cautiously, he slipped his middle finger in to the first knuckle, and he was met with minimal resistance. Perhaps Steve had misjudged his ass on first inspection; maybe Tony had practiced enough on his own fingers or toys in the past. If he did so regularly, he’d only have made Steve’s jobs easier.
Tony bit down on Steve’s fingers and nearly screamed at the first full taste of Steve’s cock. The plug had kept him somewhat wet and stretched for Steve’s use, but it wasn’t the same as being fingered open and well prepared with lube. This time, Tony had gone with the bare minimum, or less than that. Every time Steve fucked into him, the friction was more pain than pleasure, and every thrust more aggressive than the last.
“Once it was offered to me, I knew I wanted to try it, but did I think I’d make a career out of acting? Not really. If I hadn’t met the people I met, I would have gone back to school. Acting is rough, it’s lonely. You need a supportive network to make it. I owe my career to Alma, Alma Guerrero, the actress who played my on-screen mother on
With his back arched and turned towards Steve, Tony reached behind his head to jerk Steve in for an insistent and covetous kiss. Steve stilled his hips and hurried to sweep his hands up from Tony’s hips to brace his weight in the difficult position, holding him as they kissed. And since the position made it so very tempting, Steve pinched and tugged on Tony’s exposed nipples, made so vulnerable to his touch while Tony turned his body and reached back for him.  He released it to grope and knead Tony’s firm chest in his big palms, and just when Tony relaxed into his firm massage, Steve rolled and tugged his nipples sharply between his fingers, teasing him until Tony all but shook in Steve’s strong arms.
“I talked to you earlier, Your Highness. With the books? My name is Taobe,” he replied, his words spilling from his lips in a rush of anxiety. “You probably don’t remember—it, it was—I mean, it’s not important to remember for a King, why should you? It was a long time—”
With a slow, reverent touch, Torin skimmed his fingers across the breadth of Ean’s back, wondering at the power yielding to his touch as he fingertips followed the curve of his spine down to his generous, muscular ass. The body offered to him was not one that any man could touch - his skin was too sacred, and respecting his purity was crucial to observing Brigid’s virtue. Now, a year since Ean’s last ritual mating, Torin could feel the chief priest tremble at his softest touch and arching his back to lift his hips up into the Mayor’s hand, begging to be touched.
“Not tonight,” Steve growled playfully, replacing the wig stand on Tony’s desk so he could pull Tony into his arms. “It’s been weeks, Tony. Yours is the only face I want to see tonight.”
In all their years, Tony had been the only source for the scant information published about them and about Steve himself. He’d gone out of his way to keep the vultures away from Steve, to silence everyone either with kindness or NDA’s. Somehow he had pulled it off: five years together and they were so low-key and their defenses were so strong that Steve avoided global household infamy as Tony Stark’s gay lover.
“I swear to you that I will not let you down, Captain. It happens that I am educated in your personal history,” Tony added, the confidence in his voice growing with every word. “I understand that this has happened to you previously, and without aid. I will not let that happen again, sir. I intend to be here for you at every step of your acclimatization, and I will not allow for you to be unprepared in this new life. But our society… we do not aspire to individuality or freedom of choice the way they did in the 21st. We are unified and uniform, and those who act differently are not well received. It is how we maintain harmony. My only intention is to warn you, Captain Steve,” he finished more gently. “For if they cannot see that you are handsome, it is their loss, and I will not allow you to take their limited vision to heart.”
“Steve?” Tony choked out, either confused or concerned until the first bead from the tapered side of the glass dildo popped past the firm resistance of Tony’s rim beside Steve’s hard cock.
“You can do it, you’ve seen me do it a dozen times,” Sam assured him in a gentling tone. “They flirt with everything, so don’t take anything personally. Especially 008,” he added with a tone of caution, because nobody was ever going to let Tony live that incident down. “I’ve seen 007 flirt with elevators, okay? So long as you never give in and slip them anything under the table, you’re fine. They’re predators: they will exploit any sign of weakness.”
“Tony, you can’t do this to yourself. You are not responsible for the actions of others. You can’t blame yourself in hindsight,” he patiently said, lowering his voice in an effort to calm Tony down. “Millions of people cheat every year, millions divorce every year. If this is our guy, there is nothing special about him except his petty cruelty and his disregard for human life. It is only human to want to be the hero in your own narrative, and if this is our guy, Tony, you’re no more than a convenient outlet for his rationalization.”
The second pop wasn’t as readily forthcoming, and it took a few tries to really get a good crack. A few times of rocking his whole body forward, with nothing but his boxer shorts between his early morning erection and Tony’s tight jeans.
“For what purpose?” Bruce cautiously asked, though Tony had already jumped up in his excitement. He clipped on his polished badge and picked up his gloves, then hovered at Bruce’s desk, eager and brimming with energy, until his partner gave up and stood to join them.
“Says the injured idiot—I had the day off, did you know that? Coulson called when I was having a fucking
“Oh—hey, Tony,” Steve replied, clearly a little caught off guard. “Is this a bad time? I expected the voicemail. This isn’t urgent,” he made sure to add.
“Dad, stop being such an asshole,” Tony snapped, and grabbed the pen out of his hand to sign first. He went through it carefully, making sure he didn’t miss anything, then handed the pen to Steve. “Here, darling.”
“There’s a pizza welcome lunch in twenty minutes,” the guy deadpanned sarcastically. “If you eat carbs.”
They strolled side by side through the pleasant morning crowd, stopping here for a spinach and feta croissant, there for a lime and pistachio cake. One industrious soul had set up shop for fresh, hot coffee, and Tony drank his first cup so quickly Steve handed his own over to him and ordered himself another.
And while he didn’t really know her yet, something told him that a friend like Natasha wouldn’t let him fail in this intimidating new world. She would have his back. In return, he’d do his damn best to have hers.
“Guess we gotta work on that bucket list sooner than we thought, Steve,” Bucky announced, easy as can be and already heading back for his peanut M&M ice cream soup. “Is retirement age still 65?”
“What if I am bad?” he breathed, hating the words even as he spoke them. “What if I ruin our honeymoon?”
“My mom’s here, Tony. I move back to New York on Sunday, it’s going to be a busy weekend. Can we talk once I’m in New York?” he asked, knowing full well Tony lived in Geneva.
He wasn’t on a job, and he wasn’t on a deadline: this time, Steve was showing off his pet for the audience. With a twist of his curled fingers, he had Tony shuddering with a breathless gasp, and when a third and fourth finger pushed in, enough sweat and precum dripped from Tony’s willing, desperate body that a number of people in the audience were already moving closer.
,” Tony complained as soon as he realized what she was doing, tugging her away gently to stand between her and Steve.
A few fleeting seconds were lost to him until he heard Steve calling his name. It was only then Tony realized he’d been holding his breath. He hadn’t said a word or made a sound.
“I care deeply for you, and I have only ever been faithful, but do not call this a relationship,” Steve told him, lowering his voice as a counterpoint to Tony’s visceral anger. “A relationship has potential, a future. We can’t marry, Tony. I would abdicate in a heartbeat if it was that easy.”
Tony shoved a couple of twenties at the driver before they shut the door and watched the car pull away with Bruce all but napping already in the backseat.
“I think he’s just demonstrated he’s well matched for your guys, Buck,” Steve drawled. For a moment, Tony blushed at such a blatant expression of pride, but then he noticed Bucky rolling his eyes and snickering, and Steve smirk, and it occurred to him slowly that Steve’s intention had been to tease Bucky.
“He’s moving,” Sharon reported under her breath as she hurried to keep up with Steve’s strides, keeping an eye on Sitwell so Steve wouldn’t have to. “He’s got crazy eyes.”
“With Danny Devito as the Penguin?” Tony sounded impressed despite himself. “You go hard on these dates, don’t you, Sparky?”
“Of course, man, of course, it’d be my honor,” Tony promised, letting his brother go with a clap on the back. “Come on, let’s get this one in the bag. Hell, maybe Reverend Stanley’s got time for a second one?”
Steve’s apartment had a stunning view. Tony had seen it when Steve first invited him up, and he had been curious and impressed in equal measure. But now, when he walked back to the living room on his own, it almost left him breathless. Steve was standing with his back turned in front of the floor to ceiling windows of his living room, looking out over the city. He was backlit by the city lights below, and it framed his long legs, his narrow waist, and his impossible shoulders like something out of a dream. Those tailored trousers gave him every advantage, and the well-structured polo enhanced his size without appearing too small.
Steve was so red his blond hair started to look yellow by contrast. Next to him, Laura nearly choked on a pickle.
Tony continued sucking leisurely on Steve’s fingers and moaning his delight with every subsequent little roll of Steve’s hips as he chased every last pulse of euphoria, filling Tony with his come, marking and claiming Tony for his own. The satisfaction and high of being fucked left Tony so blissed out he arched like a lazy cat after Steve, completely disconnected from the urgency of their situation.
Panic licked at his shaken thoughts, but Tony willed himself to stay absolutely still and give himself a chance to move past the shock of the fall and pull himself together. He didn’t dare move his leg yet, too worried he’d do so hastily and make a bad situation worse. A torn ligament or a broken bone was the last thing he needed.
Panting and dazed, Steve glanced back over his shoulder. By some miracle, they had gone undiscovered, and in his rush to keep it that way, he pulled out as quickly as he could without hurting Tony, tied off the condom, and tossed it into the potted plant a few feet away. They were both zipping up when Tony tripped over his unmoving feet and slumped backwards into Steve’s arms.
“One hour, tops,” Tony reiterated and slid his hand further up Steve’s thigh for a firmer squeeze. “Promise.”
Tony smiled at him, shaking his head slowly. “You treat me like a person,” Tony admitted quietly, his voice so low it was a miracle Steve even heard him. “Not some recovering invalid, or, or someone who can’t get on a bull to show off for his boyfriend. I thought, if I told you, you might never look at me the same way.”
It wasn’t until he was riding up the elevator that he realized where he was going. It wasn’t until Tony opened the door that he realized why.
“What is he, twelve?” Natasha drawled, then turned to Steve with her own genius suggestion. “Take him to the shooting range. Guys are horny for compliments.”
Before Tony had to wonder what he meant, Steve’s hand slipped down past Tony’s hips and cupped his ass in greedy handfuls. Tony’s teeth scraped over his own bottom lip as his gaze swept down to Steve’s mouth and up again.
Clint laughed as if the question had been absurd, and picked up three eggs in each hand. “We eat in this house,” he said with a big grin, then with a glance back at his brother, he added, “Just cause Tony’s too skinny to cast a shadow—”
“Then in the spirit of ‘we all deserve to focus on what is important in our lives’? Progress has been admirable, my love, but you have not left the palace in over two weeks. Must I guilt you into a jacket? Because I will.”
“This is it,” Steve whispered as they got to the 72nd floor. If Tony had any motor control left in his body, he’d have warned Steve that it most likely was locked and that he’d have to pick it, but when Steve tried the door handle, it gave away smoothly under his touch and opened with ease.
“Sure, you could,” Tony agreed in an unusually placating tone, the kind of comfort that didn’t fit in with their typical bickering. He threw his trash out and washed his hands before coming back to check on the ice bags around Steve’s knee.
“How much more serious could it get?” Tony asked, and try as he might, he couldn’t stop himself from chuckling nervously. “It’s, what? Our fifth day together, and you’re visiting my family. Steve, this is… insanely fast. You should be running for the hills.”
The sudden shift in weight almost knocked Tony off-balance, and he clutched Thor tight for the balance to maintain his precarious position beside the bed. Ironically, the added strength of the hug seemed to be what Thor needed, and he finally let go, sobbing freely against Tony’s shoulder while Tony tried to be patient, rubbing Thor’s back for comfort and resisting the urge to roll his eyes.
“I never told you my name,” he said slowly, and startled by the possibility that this man might know him, that Steve had somehow forgotten a creep like this, Steve took a closer look.
Tony blinked at him, still busy shaking out the faint ache from his fingers. “I studied the creative brutality of Jackie Chan on laserdisc for many years, Steve Rogers.”
“You bein’ ridiculous,” Steve mumbled, his words muffled by the bag of broccoli pressed against his face.
Talking with his friends made Steve feel less lonely, but he still felt distracted and lost at sea. He threw himself into his overlooked class assignments and did his best to pick apart the case ...except he kept getting distracted by the gold ring hidden in his desk drawer. It wasn’t anything special, and since the rings hadn’t cost them anything in addition to the seventy-eight dollar marriage ceremony, Steve was fairly sure it was a cheap knock-off that would turn green given half a chance.
“What I mean is,” he continued, his words spilling out in his discomfort faster than he could control them. “Many will find you grotesque. They will call you names, fear you, or otherwise express their disgust in your presence. If they cry when they see you—”
“Ci manchi, Polpetto! This is Maribel’s final month with the Troupe,” Lila said in a whisper, her eyes shamelessly bright with excitement. Jim Rhodes’ crush on the visiting American thespian was the biggest open secret in the palace, and after months of conspiring and forced theater going, he - a decorated pilot and life-long confidant of the king - had worked up the nerve to speak to the young woman in passing.
Much later, after a second for Tony and Steve coming hard at last, Tony'd just give up resisting. He wouldn't have so much energy left, he'd really just want to fall back asleep, but he'd motion Steve closer to press their foreheads together, and he'd quietly promise not to leave, that he'd come back to Steve's team on the condition that they return to their original agreement, that Steve would only (and always) do precisely what Tony told him.
Jane raced into Bruce and Tony’s office and only just remembered to pull herself together at the threshold to announce herself. “Joyous Monday greetings, Lieutenant Tony Stark,” she said, breathless and beaming in his excitement. “May I enter?”
As he relaxed back into the heated cushions of the table again, Steve’s thoughts returned to Tony. His Tony who had inexplicably turned up his indulgent pampering all the way to 11 for no discernable reason. Although it was unlikely, Steve could have forgotten an important occasion—the more Steve thought about it, however, he suspected Tony had seen something out in California that reminded him of Steve, or their business negotiations had gone very, very well.
Never in his wildest dreams had Tony thought a Woman would listen to him, let alone speak kindly to him. Before he had to respond to Stephanie’s compliment and clear awe, Tony ducked his head and started shoveling his now-cooled eggs into his mouth.
As Stark turned to see Steve approaching, a glimmer of horrified realization flickered across his face before he could school his expression into an easy, confident smile.
“You think Steve still remembers your face?” Sam teased while Q had a final check in with Bucky on 002’s mission. “Is he even home yet?”
Bucky swiveled in his chair with no intention of standing to greet the very special Special Agent and his trailing entourage. Steve resisted the urge to roll his eyes but when Hammer asked who of them was Rogers and who was Carter, Steve pushed off the desk to stand at his full height, looming over Hammer all too easily.
Tony leaned forward and pressed his smiling lips against Steve’s. It wasn’t a passionate kiss, or even a desperate expression of relief to be reunited. It was a connection, a small moment of affection and gratitude. “I love you,” Tony whispered, as if even now, alone in the military chopper, he wanted to be sure only Steve heard his words. “I cannot believe you are here. I cannot believe I could grow to love you more. And tomorrow morning, we retire at your discretion.”
Steve frowned and peered at his phone, but the least he could do was put Tony out of his misery. “Sweetheart, no. Much to my mother’s disappointment, I’m nobody’s dad,” he promised. “Her mom’s asked me out a couple times, and sometimes she can be a little aggressive about it, but that’s it. I don’t date anyone related to my students. Are you okay, Tony?” he asked afterwards, gentling his tone.
He paused abruptly as the server returned with their food and drinks, and they both thanked him and waited for him to leave before resuming their conversation. Steve stared at him like Tony had casually shrugged off the cure for climate change.
The natural high of his orgasm left Tony incoherent on cloud nine. His body clutched around Steve’s cock with an instinctive hunger, milking him for his come. Steve’s hips stuttered as he pounded into Tony. When he buried himself one last time and came deep in Tony’s body, the force of it flattened Tony against the bookshelf, rattling the books on their shelves.
“This isn’t about trust, Pepper,” Steve lied without so much as a second thought. “His Majesty is my husband, and unless Dr. Betz feels that Tony needs specialized care, I will care for him.”
Steve could barely raise his arms to help as Tony peeled the zip-up hoodie off each arm, and by some miracle, Tony managed it without scissors and without hurting Steve.
Fury shot him a glare, but for the lack of a better idea, he tapped the request into the terminal. The computer complied at once, bringing up the map and identifying the movement of Cho’s vehicle with a blue dot.
“No, but she made me cry once in my first year,” the woman admitted. Steve took courage in the smile she mustered as she said it; he couldn’t imagine ever smiling about today, but this stranger seemed to have overcome the horror, so maybe it would feel less important to him, too.
. The idea was somehow more daunting than it was exciting, even though the clinic he was hired by consisted mostly of supportive, warm people he got along with easily. The work itself was laid back and meaningful. He would have the chance to assist with a great variety of patients, from student athletes working through injuries, to victims of car accidents, and seniors struggling with their loss of flexibility. Earlier that day, Steve had been given the chance to work with a young woman who was recovering from a bad fall. For 90 minutes, they chatted and laughed while Steve helped her with her range of motion and flexibility.
Even with all his years of experience, this was the first time in a long time that Steve wasn’t sure how to contain himself. The world didn’t need to see everything, did they? Did they want to know that he was still reeling from the staggering excitement and shock, or how his heart felt so full with love and joy that it threatened to burst out of his chest?
“This conversation never happened!” Sharon hissed through her teeth, and right before opening the door to H’s office she soundlessly mouthed, ‘I’ll be there!’
Inside the small, round box he found a classic gold wedding band. He glanced back at Steve again and saw that he, too, was a little surprised by its simplicity. In the second box, Tony found the ornate ring he had expected from the kind of shopper who had also bought Steve’s boots. It was a gold band, again, but its raised prong design boasted five neat rows of six diamonds—except in the top row, where the first gem was a vibrant ruby.
Tony reached for Steve’s hand and brought it to his lips, kissing his fingers before pressing his cheek to the back of Steve’s hand. “I had dinner,” he promised in a whisper. “Stay?”
“And spare no details in your report! Take measurements. Remember, some of us are now living vicariously through you.”
Tony whined as Steve’s softening cock gave a valiant twitch of interest, and he cradled Steve’s head in his hands and played with his hair while Steve sucked a dark bruise into Tony’s skin.
“Which conveniently brings us to what is legal,” the Chief Director said. “In your time, adulthood was bestowed at the age of majority. Here, adulthood is a legal status with requirements. Completing all educational requirements brings one to silver class status. Silver class adults must complete the mentorship of a minor to become independent, gold class adults. Since you have accomplished neither, you are considered a minor.”
She wished him luck and left for her group meeting. Steve did exactly what he’d set out to do - Hawley’s secretary even helped him find an unoccupied office so he could enjoy a comfortable chair as he worked through his assigned reading.
“Is this research for the case?” Steve wondered, cautiously stepping between the books and the papers that took up the floor space to follow Tony.
“Found your treasure yet?” Tony wondered with a teasing innocence, arching his back and standing on the balls of his feet to push his ass up for Steve.
“Traitor,” Tony groused, but he added a playfully nudge at Steve’s foot under the table to take the edge off. His mother, on the other hand, got a stone cold stare. “Look at me, ma! You couldn’t tell me heaven exists in a cup but don’t drink it, and look at me now. I’m five-nine and a half. A half, I’m a grown man who counts a half.”
But if it wasn’t the misguided fear of being forgotten by a good friend in a new relationship, what was it? It wasn’t normal, and while this was the first time a close friend had been in a same-gender relationship, Steve knew without a shadow of a doubt that the gender didn’t matter. If Steve was sure of nothing else, he knew it didn’t matter that Tony was in a relationship with a man. Love is love is love; if Steve believed in nothing else, he believed that.
“She couldn’t even compare me to an American?” Steve groused to himself on his way back to Tony’s couch, where Tony was still delighting in the tragic comparison. “You’re enjoying this too much.”
“My friend, I am truly sorry,” Tony whispered reverently, replacing the tablet on his desk with care to avoid startling his stricken friend. “Do not give up hope: You will acquire your license to conceive on your next effort. Any child would be grateful for your parentage and hereditary predispositions, generous as they are.”
Not two minutes later, Tony had shrugged out of his jackets and had stretched out face-down on the floor. Steve straddled Tony’s hips and splayed his hands open on either side of Tony’s spine. It was easier to crack Tony’s upper back first, so they agreed to begin there, and with a short, quick burst of pressure, Steve rocked forward.
“And the whole time he’s sitting across from me with his arm around his mistress, laughing like his wife isn’t home cleaning toddler vomit out of the curtains. Nine years, two baby boys, and he’s on his fourth girlfriend of the year.”
By sheer luck, the game became a thriller. Detroit took the lead early in the first and second period, but the Rangers turned it into 2-1 before the second break, and equalized in the third period.
on any of the roads. It’s bullshit,” Steve groused, crossing to the bed where he could sit down and tug his boots off at last. Once his feet were free, he wiggled his sore toes to work the feeling back into them.
“They’re not like people, they don’t really have boyfriends and girlfriends,” he said to start, pacing himself so there’d be plenty to say the whole walk to the lion enclosure. “It’s more about being safe and healthy. The male lions protect the territory, and the females hunt.”
Unlike most modern First Couples, they didn’t have children to think about. For them, family time wasn’t the most sensible way to structure their days - Tony didn’t try to be home by six-thirty for family dinner, and Steve could devote himself heart and soul to his endeavors without having to raise any children on the side. He wasn’t the busiest or most powerful First Spouse in history (that probably went to the
“I tried to resist touching myself until your return. Until it was you… your body, your strong hands,” Tony confessed with a guttural grunt of pleasure, and instinctively Steve salivated with the knowledge that Tony must have given his cock a firm squeeze. “I dreamed… my love, I dreamed of our honeymoon. On the ocean, with no audience but the stars…”
Steve gradually eased into slow, gentle thrusts again, until he was holding Tony close to his chest while he fucked him slow and deep, drawing all the way out before feeding him his cock inch for slow, burning inch. Under him, Tony shuddered with delight, moaning shamelessly as praise and words of affection spilled from his lips.
Rhodey tore down the improvised bridge Tony created out of Steve’s bedroom door. Tony learned his lesson; it just wasn’t the lesson Rhodey intended. That night, Tony was back on that ledge scaring the life out of Steve one more time as he jumped the two meter gap between two fifth-storey balconies into Steve’s waiting arms. The next morning, Steve’s second bedroom door met a similar fate as its partner, but this time Tony showed Steve how to put the door back in its place so there’d be no material evidence left of their ill-advised tryst.
And finally, after decades of dreaming about debauching his hero to study his magnificent alien cock - for science, of course - Tony had the chance to live out that dream with
“Does he still fit in Bucky’s clothes?” Tony wondered, ignoring Steve and directing his question to Natasha. “He wears smart clothes sometimes.”
Steve spun around and came to an immediate halt at the sight of Tony in his evening wear. He was dressed in a crisp, black kimono, and Steve’s gaze swept over Tony’s strong shoulders, and down his finely made robe that left little to the imagination with its wide, plunging neckline. Under his kimono and framed by the alluring contrast of black fabric against his naked skin, Tony wore delicate silver chains that spilled down from a necklace and drew Steve’s attention down along his long, lean frame. With his every movement, the silver glimmered against Tony’s tan skin as if to remind Steve never to let his his attention stray from this man.
He had only written two words after that, but they were enough to send a shivering thrill down Tony’s spine.
“But, okay, to answer your question,” Tony continued after clearing his throat and very pointedly ignoring the laughing brat on his left. “Once Coulson convinced me that, you know, it wasn’t all a prank, that there was going to be a fourth movie, I was excited—obviously, it’s. Working on these movies is a dream come true, the cast, the crew—everyone is spectacular. The first time I played Robert, I was thinking more about Dominic Cooper’s performance from back in the First Avenger, and I wanted to balance that against John’s work, you know, in
“Ha!” Bucky cheered and gave Tony a smack in the arm. “Then by your own damn definition he was never dead.”
“Allow me to be the first to tell you that you have quite arresting features. Your overall affectation inspires trust,” Jane told him on the way back to the tailor’s shop. “Should you fail to enjoy your life as an officer of the peace, the career of an actor may be in your future.”
“White peonies symbolize regret,” Steve explained with uncharacteristic calm. “Pink peonies are for romance, but also for prosperity. For your new job and your new place.”
So when on Valentine’s Day Bucky got a call from Rhodey, he already knew what his counterpart had to say. He dropped what he was doing and picked up the phone with a tired sigh.
“Sixty-forty,” Mr. Perfect announced while Tony was still wrestling with whether this whole fucked up scenario was evidence that there was a god or the opposite.
Tony laughed, a quiet, tittering laugh that bordered on giggling that tickled a genuine smile out of Steve.
who shall not be named rewatched Groundhog’s Day on the flight, I listened to a history show,” Tony replied with a pleased smirk, and Steve rolled his eyes.
“You know what I would really like?” she whispered softly, her voice lowered as if she was imparting a secret. Tony leaned in with interest, though even he would be hard pressed to say whether he was interested in what she was saying, or Stephanie herself. “A cottage near enough to a stream so carrying water home would not take all morning, but not so long that the house would be in danger of rising tides.”
“Oh, but you know what?” he heard Tony say only moments later, and Steve paused to brace himself before he snapped. Tony was already on the move to somewhere in the living room, which hopefully distracted him from how awkward Steve was behaving while processing this whole mess. “Someone was texting you last night, and I think I saw something with a breakfast recommendation.”
“Noun: Gun. Portable firearm. This device was widely utilized in the urban wars of the late 21st Century. This model was referred to as a shotgun, rifle, a piece…”
“You think I can eat anything in this?” Tony muttered to himself as he made his way to the kitchen. Steve didn’t need heightened senses to know he was being ogled behind his back, and if it wasn’t impossible, Tony’s blatant admiration made Steve feel like he could fly.
Instead of answering, Tony crawled on top of him, straddling Steve’s hips and lowering himself to nuzzle at his ears. Shivers ran down Steve’s spine, and his hands came up to grip Tony by the hips. He held on while Tony mouthed and nibbled down the shell of his ear, until Tony reached the fleshy lobe and sucked it into his mouth. Steve’s deep gasp of surprise filled his senses with the heady smell of Tony’s natural scent mixed with his cologne.
“He’s getting there,” Tony said with a smile. The memory of Steve getting there earlier that morning, and in the hours before dawn, and twice before midnight was enough to send shivers down Tony’s spine. Quickly, he cleared his throat before Bucky might notice and resumed wiping down his pristine car as a distraction. “Not back to work yet, but maybe next week. Desk duty for a while, he said.”
that Dum-E had been learning skills over time. It was one thing to read it on a page, but he needed to show them—
“And there’s one more person who wanted to thank you,” Victoria said as David whispered something in their shy daughter’s ear that made her eyes sparkle with laughter. “Go on, darling.”
By the third escalator, Tony had wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist, and proceeded to lean into him until Steve was supporting most of Tony’s weight.
“No way!” he said with a big grin as he got to the top of the stairs. “Someone at this school is actually having a, a, uh,” his words trailed off uncomfortably as the women turned around and he recognized Sharon. “Oh.”
“Puppy prize!” Georgie cheered, and an assistant came out with a staggering bundle wrapped in a blanket. It wasn’t until the anxious little dog and his blanket were delivered directly to Steve that they saw it was a tan Great Dane mix. The puppy was clearly young and unsure of what to do with Steve, and Steve shifted on the couch so he could move the overgrown puppy right into his lap with Fran coddled to his chest between them.
Distantly, with barely no energy left to sustain his conviction, Tony told himself that this couldn’t be a repeat of their first time. He wouldn’t be the passive sacrifice to Steve’s hydra tactics again, he couldn’t—he
“Didn’t you say he liked the tree house in upstate New York?” Rhodey wondered sometime after inhaling his large chocolate malt. “Can you go back there?”
He spent thirty seconds deciding on whether or not to wear his belt buckle. But in the end, Steve had said he liked it, so he couldn’t resist.
“Mom!” Tony cried in excitement and surprise, not believing what she’d prepared for them even as he stared down at the breakfast feast. “This—this is
“You know as well as I do that’s all political,” Tony brushed off in a way he never would’ve been able to do a month ago. “SNL is a, an honor.”
“I think that gives it a little something extra,” Steve said with a bright smile. “Thank you, Professor, see you Thursday!”
While Steve turned to get the bartender’s attention, Tony placed a blue gift bag on the counter in front of Bucky.
New Yorseylvanians were told there were dozens of Scraps, but with his own eyes he would say there was easily hundreds living in the sewers. In the short walk back to the main camp, Bucky had confirmed at least one of Pierce’s statements: they chose to live here, free with their children and their lives, far from the unbearable utopia above.
Experience had taught Steve that honesty in its entirety was never a safe option. Tony was forgiving, and Tony was kind; he was protective and he made Steve feel safe, but whether he knew it or not, Tony knew too much about Steve. Already he had more emotional ammunition than other one-night-stands and Johns had ever enjoyed against Steve in the past.
Steve recognized the look on his face and started packing up. “You’re on the job,” he said without preamble. “No. No, you’re not going to give those assholes running the lab any ammunition against you,” he insisted, even grabbing the paper plate Tony was still using in his hurry to clear off the table and get them moving.
“What’s Trafalgar Square?” Steve wondered even as he followed Tony in the suggested direction, because either way it was something new to see.
“If you weren’t so wrapped up in what you think is a deficit, maybe you would see all the ways you leave everyone else wanting - man or woman. Nobody has gone out of their way to satisfy me like you,” Tony confided in him, “and if you think about it from my perspective, that is the sexiest, most exciting experience I’ve ever had.”
Steve was stretched out on the floor on his back, one arm tucked under his pillow, and the other draped casually over his middle. Without competition for couch space, Tony had taken up the whole thing by draping himself across the three seats, his cheek cushioned on the edge of the seat only inches over Steve’s face.
“All the couples here match,” Sharon pointed out while eyeing Steve and Tony innocently. “So, what happened with you two? You used to be good with communication.”
“No problem,” Steve promised absently. Then, after a short beat, he quietly asked, “How’re you? What’s it like being Dracula?”
But he was supposed to be a Stark. The next Howard Stark, the next CEO. He could disagree with his parents, but stocks would plummet if he didn’t get up there to take the reins after Howard. People would lose their jobs, families their income. He’d heard it hundreds of times before; he owed it to them. Stark Industries was what he was meant to do.
“First of all, it’s Sarah, or mom,” she reminded him gently, then with a big smile, she held up her glass for a toast. “And second: a toast to us, my dear, and all the best worst stories we can get through before Steve gets here.”
He returned to bed with the pouch, and the lube and condoms Steve had brought with him. Before getting back in bed with Steve, however, Tony started to undo his own shirt.
“We’ll see you kids in the morning,” Howard said before any more could come of that conversation. “Tony, we sure could use your help mending the fences to the east, near the lake. Hogs’ve been tearing everything up this season.”
Before Tony moved and dislodged his comfortable set-up, Steve closed the bathroom door behind him and came to sit beside the tub. He pulled the bathmat over and gingerly lowered himself into a seated position, groaning every time his sore back cried out in protest at unavoidable sudden movements.
“What do you do?” he murmured playfully as he absorbed the exploded view of the upgraded shotgun currently rotating on the terminal screen.
“You won’t be poisoned by bad fish or choke without anyone around to give you the Heimlich,” Tony told them both, “and I won’t die on the drive over there, or on the drive back, or when a chandelier falls on me in the middle of the monologue, or—”
“You’re going to be in the lecture,” Steve told him in a gentle tone while they lay together and let Tony soak up his reward. But content as he was, Tony still couldn’t help frowning at Steve’s news. He bit his lip and struggled to keep eye-contact with his master, but in his rush of anxiety, his traitorous body clutched around Steve’s softening cock. On top of him, Steve moaned softly, and he rolled his hips again, indulging in the soft, wet heat of Tony’s body.
Q’s faithful minions took turns providing support and cover in that three-day period, and Tony was no different. He, Sam, and Bucky made sure to be there for the same shifts - they knew and trusted each other well enough that even Q recognized that they worked more effectively together than apart. As a team, they put out the fires Q didn’t have time for until 006 was found, dead or alive.
“I’m having dinner with my family, Tony,” Steve replied as calmly as he could. “Now is not a good time.”
“How’s that feeling, Rogers?” he asked then with quiet, cautious words. “You think that’s going to be enough, or should I get something more serious?”
When Steve finally pulled away to admire his work, Tony traced his spit-slick, swollen lips with his finger tips.
“If you’re right and the other victims also had accounts on this website, would it be possible to compare all of their matched connections to see if they have shared matches?”
“I bet if we tried really hard we could find a villain or some senators who haven’t guessed it yet,” Steve heard himself grumble. “They’re not always so quick on the up-take.”
Keyed up beyond his control, Steve turned Tony over onto his belly, shoving his face down into the cushions and tugging his ass up at a sharp angle that would keep Tony’s legs spread, but his muscles tight around his cock.
Steve’s lips twisted in a rueful smile. He covered Tony’s hand with his own and gave him a fond squeeze in return. “I don’t remember the last time I made you this mad—and I know it’s me,” he promised in undertone, bringing Tony’s hand up for a quick kiss before having to let go to change gear. “I didn’t want to make it worse.”
“What the hell, mom? Is that the welcome wagon dad throws down whenever y’all have company? If I didn’t know any better—”
Tony’s sleep-happy face shone with a smile until he just couldn’t stop himself from laughing. “You’re such a liar,” he giggled quietly, shaking his head to himself. “Your back okay?”
They didn’t return until the sun went down. Four of the five posts had been replaced, and most of the patchwork finished. What remained would be quick work for tomorrow.
and comes home to a Steve who, until now has seen his time off to be with Tony while Tony works as his first serious vacation in a decade, is starting to see how comfortable living with no strict diets affects his body. When Tony finally realizes what the problem is (which is the last thing Steve wants to open up about), he makes it his mission to show Steve just how much he is loving and turned on by the softer body and absence of definition.
He wandered past the excitable Girl Scouts hopping on the glass panels built into the floor that revealed the ongoing archeological excavation of 21st century Jersey City, and senior couples marveling at the use of ivory in the antique weaponry. Rumlow smirked to himself as he walked through time, passing decades of advancements in weapons technology by moving from one display to the next. Here, the sighting system of the 1980s; there, the portable threats posed by pocket-sized explosives developed in the 1990s. The digital revolution of the mid-2000s soon followed, and with it, the information wars of the early 21st.
“But, about the ducks,” Steve tried to ask again, but instead of acknowledging him, Bucky announced that he was hungry and nachos weren’t cutting it.
“She’s just tired,” Steve told Tony quietly, gently patting Arlene’s back to try to comfort her before her sniffles turned to heartfelt crying.
Steve followed her line of sight, and sure enough, Phil Coulson, natural-born accountant, was chatting to a handful of young women several yards ahead of them. He appeared to be trying (and failing) to chat them up, so Steve shot Maria a meaningful look and slowed his pace so they could eavesdrop as they passed.
If Tony still felt shame in Steve’s presence, he’d be in trouble. But Steve’s entire world had narrowed down to making Tony come in his mouth, and he was a determined, stubborn man who would not be denied. Tony tried to hold out as long he could, but he was left panting with his sweat tickling down his spine and warming the small of his back—soon, all he could do was bite into one fist while he clutched at Steve’s hair with the other, urging his face down as his hips thrust up wildly as he came down Steve’s throat, filling him with gushes of his come.
“Are you telling him lies, Flyboy?” Bucky growled at Rhodes, stalking up behind Steve like a shadow. He wasn’t as sober as James, but he was angry, and he had the Slugger. Rhodes slowly rose to his feet, but even unarmed, he stood his ground.
“Please! Oh, lord, of course come in, Your Majesty,” Orfeo rushed to say, but when he tried to sit up out of respect, he abruptly stiffened and grunted in discomfort. Tony hurried in and sat the platter down.
Steve laid a hand on Tony’s forearm to stop him there. He squeezed Tony’s arm gently in a silent expression of his appreciation, but he didn’t need anyone to fight his bullies for him.
A cold, chilling panic clawed down his neck. He sat up, frantically scanning the room, but his ring was nowhere to be found. He couldn’t breathe; he couldn’t think - he was about to accept the worst when the memory of putting it in his pant’s pocket while changing suddenly came back to him. The debilitating pressure around his lungs eased to let him breathe, calming his galloping heart, and soon even his numb fingers felt as good as new again.
“Tony, please don’t tease me,” Steve begged him breathlessly. It would have been a perfect opportunity for teasing or making Steve work for it, but Tony only laughed and rolled to his feet.
There, on his bedside table, his phone vibrated with an incoming call. Tony pushed himself up and crawled closer to stare at the screen in his disbelief.
“Pirate is… well,” Georgie said slowly, showing Karl her note card as if his didn’t have the same information.
“You started it,” Steve pointed out without compunction. “Accusing me of such, such atrocities on foreign soil. Can’t let that slide, Tony, I just can’t.”
Tony could have thanked him. He could have assured Steve that he, too, was uninterested in popular games of bumbling mating rituals. That he, too, knew what he wanted. That Steve could very well be what he was looking for.
It was a robbery, it was so clearly a planned robbery, but there were only four of them. Steve launched himself at them. Even for baseline humans, it was too easy. Their faces were all covered in black cloth, and their protective clothing was no stronger - what they wore was already patchy and falling off their bodies. Scrappy as they were, it was laughably easy for Steve to hold them back with only elbows and knees.
“Captain Steven Rogers, if there is anything I can do to right this wrong,” Steve heard the Governor say to him, and absently he shook his head. He had been wrong. There were multiple shadows moving through the shadows.
Steve huffed a silent laugh at their shared pain. “Tell me about it. I can’t imagine doing all of this and Hawley’s internship next year.”
Two against one. Tony conceded Paris. They all went back to their milkshakes with varying degrees of enthusiasm while they tried to think of reasonable alternatives.
“So, what you’re saying is, if we want to interrupt her binding ceremony,” Tony said as patiently as he could manage, “you can stop the Chief from turning us into asses?”
“Not these people—these, these assholes with their pied-à-terres around the world for men and women their wives can never know about. I don’t know what’s worse, their continued shock that I haven’t cheated on you yet, or that they still look at me like I’m twelve because I’m not married. Because clearly marriage is such a sacred institution in their lives.”
“Who’s not in his prime now!” Tony growled into Clint’s ear while his brother’s slapping attempts to fight back only had Tony cackling maniacally and sawing his knuckles over Clint’s head in a terrible noogie. Clint cried out with a string of words no pastor would forgive, to which Tony only shouted back “Who? I can’t hear you!”
“Here, take this,” Tony returned with a bag of frozen broccoli wrapped in a hand towel, and he gently pressed it against Steve’s face until Steve understood and brought his hand up to cooperate.
“Right,” Tony mumbled quietly, clearing his throat and rubbing the back of his neck before catching himself and putting both his hands flat on the table. He took a moment before looking at Steve and saying, “Do you remember Howard’s arc reactor?”
Arlene blinked her big, watery green eyes at him, and without saying anything, she slanted a look up at Steve.
“That’s a clever question, but I won’t fall for it,” Steve replied in a quiet voice, in the hopes that Tony wouldn’t be offended. Instead, Tony laughed at being caught, and by the time they got on the fourth escalator, he had buried his cold nose in the warm, soft skin in the crook of Steve’s neck.
“This is what I get for trusting you, is it?” Tony heard himself say to Jane, mostly because it was easier to be mad at her than to acknowledge how close Steve was now. How could a man be that sexy without exploding? Dollars to donuts, a man like that would turn out to be an asshole, a bore, or both.
“Ben, there are many people counting on you,” Bucky tried, but before he got any further, Steve charged across the room at Rumlow. He moved faster than Rumlow’s upgraded reaction time, and as Steve tackled Rumlow to the ground, he caught Ben with his shoulder.
“I came here with Tony Stark,” Tony heard Steve saying after some time, and some of the Scraps turned to glance his way. Their looks didn’t convey loathing as strongly as Tony had expected, but they weren’t particularly kind either.
“Just cause you’ve been extra bossy doesn’t mean I’m not partial to loudmouthed brunets anymore, Tony,” Steve drawled playfully.
” Sharon ground out, abandoning polite pretense. “What the hell is going on, boss? Why do you have to get married or res—
It took all of three minutes to get his phone out of the bedroom, text Peggy that he’d call her in a few hours when Tony was at the gym, then return to the kitchen to get his own food in order.
“Scout’s honor,” Tony promised, which wasn’t technically a lie since he’d never been a Boy Scout in the first place (right?). “He… he’s a good guy. If we get to a month, you’ll be the first to meet him - unless Rhodey’s in town, of course.”
Lila ran around the counter to get to Steve’s side. “Can I help, Uncle Steve?” she asked, already dragging a chair over so she could be tall enough to work the pans. She’d grown up with Tony all her life, after all. She wasn’t used to hearing no.
“Yeah, alright. Sure,” Tony said with a smile, and without thinking, he reached over to give Steve a friendly clap on the arm. “I got nowhere else to be.”
Tony pursed his lips to keep from grinning at Steve’s unusually pouty voice, and instead made a show of rolling his eyes. “
“That sounds incredible, Tony,” Steve murmured softly, drifting off into the pleasant and loving world Tony’s memories conjured.
“Bucky’s never been attracted to you, my love. He does not understand how powerful that motivation can be.”
But Pepper had promised him the phone call went well. She wouldn’t say how well, or share important details, like whether Steve asked about him, or said anything about him, or in any way sounded happy, sad, or love-sick over the phone.
“Even if I wanted to,” Steve said after a short pause to give his full attention to correcting the shading around Tony’s ankle, and even when he carried on with his answer, he still sounded distracted. “There isn’t much ‘special occasion underwear’ for men.”
He tried to block out the next few days in his mind while he had the down time. His timed sprints were much better after a full night’s rest, so he stick to light workouts - if any - until Saturday’s meet. He had French in the morning, but that was his last lecture of the week. He’d need a few hours to finish up the conte drawing of a figure in motion, and what better time than when his muse was here in person? Steve had filled a notebook (and journals and free-floating scraps of paper) with sketches of Tony during their weekend getaway in October. He had enough studies of Tony’s expressions, his eyes, his hands, his feet, his posture, and his vivid body language to finish another year’s worth of art assignments.
In his first event, Steve took on a whole class of twenty first-graders in tug o’ war. He hauled on his end of the rope with all his might, slowly but surely dragging their scrambling little feet and shrieking objections closer and closer to the victory line. Before it was too late, however, the children’s teacher snuck into the mix to give her students a hand. With her added strength the first-graders regained some ground, until Steve made a big show of being overpowered and defeated. Laughing and overjoyed, the children rallied around their teacher and families in their great excitement to have triumphed over the king himself, while Steve happily slunk back to Tony’s open arms.
The harvesting machine that he had hidden inside the platform was brought out again. It was unfurled piece for piece, until it grew almost twice as big as its initial sleek frame.
“You’re good,” Tony answered into the phone after a beat, not even bothering to resist grinning back.
“I didn’t mean to run out,” Tony said softly, “given the …circumstances, I requested a continuance.”
,” Josh agreed immediately, and Steve sat up straighter in his excitement to hear more. “The way they tied Nellie Bly’s work in with today’s political climate, forced family separations—that’s not the movie we’re supposed to talk about,” Josh quickly acknowledged, and Steve burst out in delighted laughter. “But, the timing, and the writing, the performances, it was all so terrible and so good.”
“What do you need, a kidney?” Tony guessed, and to someone like Steve, the sincerity hidden behind Tony’s humor was a little overwhelming.
“I have an amazing life. Amazing family. And part of me delights in the fact that every single “good” thing you’ve done has been tarnished on this side of the living. All your research, charity work, anything good you’ve ever pretended to be has been destroyed,” Tony said, a laugh curling up in his throat.
So he looked at the phone and turned it over. Tony stared blithely at the blank walls in his lab and tried quenching down the burning in his throat. That usually had led him to hours of crying and screaming at the ceiling.
“And what? You think you know his best interests,” Ryder laughed. “Does his best interests include you?”
Ryder looked at him and then lowered his eyes. Steve realized it for what it was, but didn’t note it aloud. Bucky and Clint no doubt had also saw this act of “submission” for what it truly served to be.
He hoped to all things above that days…no even years from now he wouldn’t wish that he had put a bullet through Ryder’s head or had pressed the kill switch that Bruce had handed to him, before Tony had left the interrogation room with Ryder. That kill switch, the simple command of saying yes, and having that little detonator go off in his body was compelling.
“Yes, Peter. Remember he told you about the cool things his school was going to be doing today. We don’t want to miss all of that, do we?”
, Steve thought happily. Though he crushed that thought as soon as it landed in his head. “Or do you prefer this side.”
“Look, I know you and Steve are friends. So if you really want to stay and eat spaghetti with him that’s fine. I could just take an extra shift at the hospital,” Ryder explained softly.
“Thank you everyone for deciding to come out here this wonderful evening. After much careful consideration, our judges have made their final pick. We will allow our judges to speak on the competition, before we announce the winner,” Julie claimed. “William, you may go first. What was your thought on the competitors?”
Tony laughed at the ridiculousness of this all. He was being comforted by a four year old. Rhodey seemed to share the sentiment and began to laugh as well.
“Yes, I will make sure to wear a coat. Yes, I will make sure to check in with you. And no I don’t need any extra money, but thank you. I’ll tell you when I am on my way back,” Peter rambled.
Just as he said that Peter walked in carrying Miles. Miles was stuffing a cookie into his mouth and Tony narrowed his eyes at Peter.
“They don’t know that Barnes killed my parents. They don’t know that Steve pushed his shield into my arc reactor and that he almost fucking killed me. They don’t know what I had to do to get Ross to agree to the reformed Accords and for the civilians not to see the Avengers as some ungoverned militia.”
“Yes, I mean I saw Flash cornering Harley and so you know I stepped in. It didn’t really escalate above a few shoving. No one got hurt,” Peter explained.
Natasha looked curiously at Steve and Bucky. She had known very little of what happened and decided to leave it alone. Maybe she should have prodded further into what actually happened.
He walked over toward Pepper and Rhodey. “Sleep already platypus?” Tony teased as he sat down. He opened up another bag of strawberries and handed them to Miles. “Eat slowly or I’ll cut them up again, okay?”
He almost puked when a reporter questioned whether Ryder was getting ready to be a step-dad to Miles. Yeah, that would happen over his dead body.
“Couldn’t get in touch with Tony,” Steve said shrugging. “Told him he probably just doesn’t have it on sound. Besides Tony’s not that great at answering phone calls anyway. Probably shouldn’t worry too much.”
“Alright let’s pick up your things from your house and then we can go grab something to eat. Sounds good?”
“Don’t want to,” Tony exclaimed letting his mouth form a pout, which Steve desperately wanted to kiss away.
“When I built Ultron, I was doing that because my mind had played a game on me and showed me my greatest fear,” Tony whispered. “And that created a lot of bloodshed. I created a lot of bloodshed based on what was happening up here,” he said tapping his temple.
“Yes two cookies mister,” Tony said grabbing the cookie jar. He looked back to Bucky who suddenly looked so small in the kitchen.
Pepper turned to face him. In agreeance, she nodded her head. “Yeah, trust me I know. Miles and I got into a heavy debate in regards to whether he should be allowed to eat ice cream for breakfast. I think that he’s been listening to Tony talk too much. Tony can nearly talk someone into anything.”
“I have no loyalty that is not bound out of debt,” Cali responded, licking her chapped lips. “Tony does not deserve what is happening to him and I only wish to soothe my guilt in being part of his pain. I can find the driver, I only need that the one who reads mind is accessible.”
Once Miles saw Peter, he began tugging at Tony’s hand as though that would make him walk faster. Tony obliged and went toward Peter who was speaking to Michelle and Ned. Tony let go of Miles’ hand so he could run to Peter.
Tony placed the bracelet on his wrist and held it up to his chest as he brought his hand close to the arc reactor. The metal clicked against the covered arc reactor. Steve shortened the already short distance between them. His eyes lowered as he looked at the bracelet on Tony’s wrist. Tony looked up to meet Steve’s gaze and for once felt centered.
“And they deserve ten times more, but you limited me to gifts only one every two months” Tony assured her. “But how are things going around here. Everything up to code and what not? Nobody harassing you or the kids?”
“Damn, Pep. How is it that my girl is taking orders from Pepper? What has the world come to?” Tony bemoaned. “Anyways…movie?”
“Stop trying to blame it on them. Want to tell Tony how you made a little girl cry over the juice box?”
Harley scrunched up his face and groaned. Peter winced and tried giving him an example, though it did not help Harley at all. Peter scanned Harley’s face and resolved that he wasn’t really having trouble with that particular math problem at all.
Clint and Bucky looked at each other noting the mysteriousness in Steve’s statement. The two walked alongside Steve until they reached a small store that looked like it had been renovated from an old house building. Steve walked up the steps leading to a front porch and opened the door.
“Ah, stop it. I’m pretty sure I’m the main reason these kids are in the orphanage,” he tried saying it lightly, but Karen’s sad grimace told him he did not succeed.
FRIDAY would have alerted him if something had gone wrong. At least that is what Tony tried telling himself. He went into the closet, remembering that Miles had suddenly developed an interest in seeing how high he could climb on the clothes rack shelf and stay there. The first time he had caught him hanging upside down on the hanger, Tony felt his heart beat out of his chest suddenly imaging all the different scenarios in which his small child would lose his grip.
Tony couldn’t tell how long he had been there in that room. It could have been one day, a week, a month and he wouldn’t have known. Between the patches and the drinks with pills Ryder and present CMPNY had kept him unaware of what was going on.
Pepper waved the question away and motioned for Fury to continue talking. Fury nodded gratefully at her and pulled out a few packages.
Ryder frowned at the mention of Miles. Ryder pushed aside the breakfast and went toward Tony. “I really wished you would stop mentioning Miles.”
Tony wiped at his face and pouted at Steve. “I’ll find out how many. Hmm, and here I was thinking I was the true playboy. My, my, my. What a world we live in. Oh fairest of them all…”
Tony shifted in his seat and nodded. “Of course. Let’s toast to the friends and family that we are blessed to know, that have increased ten-fold over the years. I am forever grateful to the ones in my life who treasure me and love me. I have wonderful sons that I’m sure are already itching to get on the plane to Italy.”
By the time Tony finished his first cup of coffee, Natasha had grabbed his mugged and refilled it. She smiled gently at him as Tony sheepishly took the offered second cup. In addition, Natasha had grabbed a muffin and pushed it toward Tony. Tony looked down at the muffin and his stomach gave a little growl, as though it knew it was in the presence of food sustenance. Natasha laughed softly, but not in a mocking tone but of one in soft amusement.
Tony wiggled his eyebrows in playful seduction at Ryder. When Ryder refused to acknowledge Tony, Tony tilted his head to him quizzically. He took a step back to stand in front of Ryder. He observed Ryder’s serious expression and mouth taut with tension.
“No,‘s just been a long day,” he said, the yawn escaping his lips arguing against what he just said. “Not sleepy though. Come on Steve. I once went on a 72 hour work binge.”
Not seeing the tears that were quickly filling Steve’s eyes, Miles continued coloring. “Oh, I forgot to tell you Aunt Pepper said that when we go back I can swim with the dolphins again.”
Ryder wandered somewhat aimlessly in the tower. He didn’t too much mind the silence of the building and found a slight appreciation in its beauty. He distinctly missed Tony, but only for some sort of entertainment. He refused to admit to himself there was anything more toward missing Tony’s presence. However, as he thought about the lack of Tony he remembered his discussion with him nearly a month ago. A smile formed on his face that day, realizing that Steve had fallen right into his plan.
Ryder slapped Tony’s face sharply. His cheeks grew red with anger and his body almost seemed to vibrate. He grabbed Tony by the shoulders and pushed him down on the bed.
Tony shook himself from those thoughts as soon as he realized he could feel Steve’s breath ghosting on his nose.
Ryder saw the silent panic in Tony’s eyes and steered him away from the candy workshop, leaving Miles behind. Ryder placed his hand on Tony’s back and moved the immobile Tony to somewhere else in the hotel.
Isak looked back to his brother and sighed. “If I’m not back in thirty minutes, he probably killed me.”
“Coffee is always good for me. Natasha don’t teach DUM-E how to lie. Don’t be that bad influence,” Tony mulled back, rather childishly. Of course he wasn’t going to admit that change of tone to anyone, including himself.
Natasha’s glare softened slightly, but not enough to erase the hardness in her expression. She held out her hand for the note and started to read it aloud.
“Ooh, is that code for a date with your physical therapist,” Tony said waggling his eyebrows. “Still waiting on my hallmark movie.”
Tony kept his mouth silent through it all, silently wondering had he always been this transparent. Perhaps, he couldn’t quite master the men of Stark iron mask façade his dad had proudly boasted. Today he couldn’t find it in himself to care for how didn’t embody the Stark men are made of iron cliché.
“Thanks,” Tony said, eyes dropping as though what he had gone had just wasted all his strength. Steve knew all too well how powerful an attack like that could expend all of your energy. Steve wanted to know what triggered it, so he could make sure that Tony didn’t have to go through that again.
“After long deliberation and countless arguments from our judges, we have finally reached a winner. Ms. Karen and Uncle Tony, if you could kindly follow us,” Peter addressed them.
He brought his body up and looked at Tony. Tony stared and Steve felt as though Tony knew exactly what questioned weighed heavy on his mind.
And this school was amazing for Miles. The smaller class room sizes meant the teacher’s attention was able to be focused a lot more on all of the students and Miles benefitted greatly from that. He was also finally able to make a few close friends, something that had been an issue at his previous school.
Natasha found him first curled into a ball shaking. Her eyes then noticed the two bodies lying unconscious around him. She wasn’t too concerned with them. She could still see their chests rising softly. Her heart nearly broke when she was Tony push himself further into the wall. Sure, they had found Tony. But they didn’t know what had gone on for those 52 days that he was missing.
Tony reared back as though he had been slapped. “Whoring myself?” he whispered mindful of the company that was around him. “I have not been whoring myself out to anyone and how dare you say that. You know what I think it’s time I get Miles. He probably has enough candy to fill up three bags.”
“I mean, it was pretty simple to figure out, once I started to pay attention. So I’m just saying all of us feel weak at times. There are always things that are outside of our control, no matter how strong we are whether physically, emotionally, or mentally. You’ve been there for us. Let us be there for you,” Steve said.
Tony leant back and nodded to himself, once twice, and then leaned forward to press a kiss against the corner of Steve’s lips. Steve could feel wetness falling down on his collarbone from where Tony’s eyelashes were fluttering against his skin. Steve breathed softly into his ear.
Also it's the Royal Wedding today. So that's exciting. What's not exciting is I'll have to get up around 5 a.m. 'cause of the different time zone to watch it. I'm wondering to myself is it worth it. Sighs, who all else is planning on watching the Royal Wedding? Update, might as well stay up because I had to wait for A03 to be up and running. Whelp, thank you A03 for being down so I have motivation to stay up lol
Rhodey was quick to turn up at the news that the driver was here and everyone was quick to follow. Wanda set the man down and spoke softly to him.
He had thought that this was the world correcting itself. It was taking away a good thing that Clint hadn’t deserved in the first place and in some way Clint felt like there was some pressure off of his shoulder. It was like finally things were being righted in his life. So he wanted to push Tony away in any manner possible.
Steve picked up Miles and settled him on his hip. He grabbed the Band-Aid clad finger and kissed it. “Alright, now it’s all better.”
“It’s not happening Fury. We’re not bringing in Tony,” Sam said. “No one else agrees with this. It won’t be helpful nor healthy for Tony’s recovery to place him back in the same, might I add closed space, of his abuser.”
“How long has he been down here FRIDAY?” Steve questioned, seeing as how Tony was so into whatever he was doing that he didn’t even hear FRIDAY let Steve in. Though that could also be attributed to the loud music thrumming inside the lab.
Tony remained rooted in his spot not having the strength to move. He appreciated the woman’s story, but Ryder wasn’t like that. Sure, he gave him a few bruises and some things that were supposed to be pleasurable were painful. However, she didn’t know Ryder. Her brother’s girlfriend was on a whole other level. Ryder could never kill him. Tony could deal with what Ryder was doing. Also Ryder was trying to be better this past month proved it. Granted he wasn’t near Tony for a month.
His eyes burned bright with tears. He turned his head to the side so Natasha wouldn’t see him. Natasha remained stoic beside him, shoulders taut with tension. He wished for a moment he had her strength, or the strength to at least appear that he was handling this better than he actually was. However, there was a moment she slipped. Sometimes she too would stare at her hands and let out a raspy breath, before controlling herself and allowing an impassive expression take place.
Tony hummed thoughtfully. He remained still for a second, pondering about this. “I don’t know…I maybe.”
Steve leaned closer to him, his cool breath setting flames on Tony’s neck. He leaned down closer and let his mouth hover a few inches at the base of Tony’s neck. Tony held in a breath and unconsciously let his eyes flutter closed. He was momentarily disappointed as Steve moved away from his neck. But he was thoroughly grateful when his cool breath traveled at his ear. Tony shivered in his arms and pressed himself closer to Steve.
Tony scrunched his face. “In my coffee? Steve you are crazy if you think I’m going to have vegetable flavored coffee.”
Harley looked up at waved his pencil in front of Peter. Peter looked up and took his headphones out. “Yeah?”
Pepper looked slightly taken aback. She quickly gathered herself and alternated between which Avengers she was looking at.
The door opened and the two quickly broke apart. Steve instinctively pushed his body in front of Tony. Tony looked up and then pushed away, once he saw who it was.
“Ah, so you’re going to eventually adopt him,” Rhodey said. “Well, I’m thankful that your kid was the one to finally answer my call, seeing as how you’ve been ignoring me.”
“Shuri! I can’t talk to a king about Coachella,” Peter whined. “My first real conversation with him can’t be to help you go to Coachella.”
Karen was seated opposite of him, her own smile mirroring his own. To say that she was happy to have Tony back was an understatement.
Natasha shrugged. “I think that sometimes there is someone better for you than the person you’re in a relationship with. For example the person dating the one you love could be after their family’s small business in hopes of tearing it down and building a hotel. But you’re watching from the outside seeing how this person doesn’t really care for the one you’re in love with. So you start making plans to be that one, the one. Because even if they don’t know it yet, you’ve always been there and will always be there for them.”
Natasha looked apologetically at him. “No, it was circling around an area and then it just disappeared.”
“I just wish he was here, you know? I mean surely you wished that your brother was here just as much as I do.”
“Yeah, I do. But maybe this is different. Maybe they’re trying to be low-key about their relationship,” Rhodey offered, not liking how that thought settled wrongly in his mind.
“Well, I mentioned how the colors were vibrant. It reminded me of this chaotic order. It was quite interesting and made me think. However, I do lean more toward structure. The other building had such a wonderful and well thought out design. Also the personal addition of a floor level dedicated to the kids, wins my favor.”
