. Oops, too forceful. This was the only mug he owned. Where to begin? Damn. He didn't want to do this. He took a bite of his apple. Crunching away, he began to hunt and peck at the keys on his laptop. No use putting this off any further.
Halfway through our tea from the cart I found myself feeling sour. Wishing we were the "bright young things" we used to be, as Stamford put it. Quite out of sorts. Damned leg. Usually I wouldn't divulge so much to someone I hadn't seen in so long. Don't know what got the better of me. But there I was, lamenting my housing situation. "Who'd want me for a flatmate?" I asked. The man actually had someone in mind. Coincidence can be grand once in awhile, when it isn't buggering you. Or so I can hope.
It’s difficult to keep your chin up, sometimes. I was an army doctor. That was my identity. They sent me to Afghanistan. I got shot and have been invalided home. I’m perfectly capable of practicing medicine still. I’m good under pressure. But I have a limp and once in a rare while I have a tremor in one hand. So there went my ability to serve in the army, and my identity as a surgeon. All in one fell swoop.
P.S. I must have checked the privacy setting on this post ten times before I had the courage to save it. Hands were shaking a bit. Was remotely terrified that a glitch would make this visible to anyone. But it feels nice to get it out. It's depressing. But nice. Somehow.
“You shouldn’t be here… not in that state… it’s not good… you… Sherlock, no” Her heart shattered into a million pieces as a single teardrop rolled down his alabaster cheek.
She dialled Kelly’s number. They never called each other but Lucy was getting cold and the streets were getting darker.
“Oh you always do” he grinned, pretty pleased with himself. “They were all strangled by a telephone cord” he informed her and this she nodded at.
She hadn’t even believed him when he warned her all those months ago. When he pinched her cheek and whispered to her that he was dangerous, and she probably couldn’t handle him. That she had no idea what she was getting herself into…
“I am not here to hurt you” he looked right into her eyes. His stare made her bite into her lip. “I just want to know you” he tilted his head; mirroring her movements.
“Mr. Clarke is here” she was told and she was on her way to the interview room where she met a young man about 25 years old dressed in a black shirt and black pants. No piercings or visible tattoos. His hair was short and ginger and his eyes were bright blue. She had somehow expected him to be more out there than this.
The cold lube trickled down over Sherlock’s opening that had already started gasping from the stimulation that had already been applied to Sherlock’s mind and body.
She had to breathe. She had gotten quite good at holding her breath over the months; but he was better at waiting.
“No!” The young girl shouted and got on her feet, knocking her chair over in the process. “Don’t you dare say it!” she threatened.
“Shezza’s busy… a busy bee” she sang in singsong, her hands playing an imaginary piano floating in front of her.
“Mira…” he whispered as he slowly came back to reality. He coughed and tried to get a grip of himself.
“I was, Ma’am” Molly let her know. She was painfully aware that she had been present to that as her eyes scanned the stomach content report.
“I was taken…” she started sniffling again and he let her see how he tightened the grip on the handle of the riding crop. It seemed to calm her.
Realizing there was not much more he could do until Cat at least answered his text Sherlock went to work on answering some of the backed up emails from people begging for his help to solve their mysteries…
“Are those her things?” John’s voice was rusty and that along with the slightly puffy eyes and the red mark on his cheek which was from a nervous tick also known as self-comforting. Sentiment, something Holmes had always been strongly against. It was good for nothing. Told Sherlock John had been crying.
“I haven’t got time to play games today” he groaned. “Turn around and hold on with both hands. Don’t you dare let go. Okay? And do keep quiet” There was a cold warning in his eyes even more so than in his tone of voice.
While eating her breakfast she fidgeted with her phone and re-read that message again. She should probably reply to it… but what? How…
“My wall!” She shrieked and Sherlock groaned. He had her on a semi-permanent mute. Why could her silly attachment to the bloody walls take him right out of it? Not like this particular wall was even in a good state… bullet holes, spray paint and what not had damaged it over the years.
“You?” Sherlock hissed as his eyes scanned the scene he walked in on. Mira handcuffed to a bed with a gag in her mouth; naked and so was She. The Woman; holding on to his riding crop and running it carelessly over Mira’s trembling and too pale skin.
“Killer might return to St. James. -SH” Her brow furrowed and she looked to the map and realized the church was right in the middle of the 7 pins. She soon after sent officers to the church to talk to the minister and set up a surveillance plan to record who used the church.
“Careful!” John stopped Sherlock in his tracks. He didn’t seem to mind that he was walking on broken glass.
Her eyes were dark; she was chewing her lip. It was clear as day she had been frightened out of her wits by this dream.
“Shezza?“ John groaned rubbing his cheek with his hand in frustration. He had heard that name before.
She closed her eyes firmly and tried to guide her breathing… slowly… one breathe in… hold… slowly out…
Had she not been rendered frozen by being confronted by him so suddenly she would have rolled her eyes at him; perhaps she had even come back with a catty remark.
He finished himself and instantly got off her; standing himself up to close his pants. He ruffled his hair.
Remembering her desperate attempts to sleep times before… when she would do anything to get her body to rest before she lost what had been left of her mind; as if causing herself pain just to catch some sleep wasn’t a madness in itself…
Sherlock’s eyes widened, flickering rapidly from side to side; panic gripping the detective by the throat.
Quickly she re-adjusted that same strand of hair. Attempting to not look like she even noticed him. Something she failed miserably at.
“Fuck me if you want, but keep me out of fucking up your life” the woman under him turned to ice. She tried to sit herself up
Usually he would never have cared about such trivial matters, but in this woman he saw a puzzle to solve.
John barely dared to turn his head. Could he really see him in that state? Should he? Wouldn’t Holmes prefer if his emotional self stayed a myth?
Kelly was praying for death, never had she wanted it more than now and that was saying a lot. Where was the man now? How long could he take?
John hooked his fingers into the side of the pants and pulled them down; nearly having Sherlock’s erect cock slap him in the face as it was freed of the garment.
John had sat himself firmly on the night shift; Molly Hooper would watch over him some days after work, when she could… and of course Mrs. Hudson would always keep an eye on him too. As per usual; though she still would remind them how she was the landlady and not the housekeeper or babysitter…
Mid reply to a woman whose husband had been stealing money from their joint account to give to his ‘bit on the side’ John rudely interrupted.
Before she knew it he had her on the cold and dirty floor… him sitting on top of her; pinning her hips down with his legs… and she didn’t fight him.
His arms seemed to grow longer and reached higher on her body; tearing her skin from her bones piece by piece. Now his tongue that felt like sandpaper finally left her open wound that had grown from his assault to fill out most of her thigh and was oozing blood at an alarming rate. She felt the bed become slippery from all the blood that was leaving her body from every slash he caused her.
“You’re early, Pet. Eager are we?” the man chuckled at her as he ushered her inside; not wanting to linger too long in the hall.
He hardly looked at her as he began to move. Strong, long movements; knocking the air out of her. She was building fast, and so was he.
“Oh she was, but she even fooled you to believe she was weak and needed help” Holmes’ eyes rolled sarcastically.
“This isn’t easy for me, sweetheart, Lucy…” Celia felt a lump form in her throat. She swallowed hard. “We found Kelly last night, she’s….” she coughed, her voice was dying out. She usually had no problems informing other people of the loss of a loved one.
Sherlock tried to deny his own want and lust; contemplating being a difficult subject… just to see how John would react. But it was not the feeling of pain Sherlock needed today… so reluctantly he swung his long legs over the edge of the couch and languishedly rose to his feet.
Lucy couldn’t fall asleep that night, she was lying in Jack’s arms but her head was full of way too many thoughts. Had she been at fault somehow? What did her mother mean exactly that they ‘found’ Kelly? She did know what her mother did for a living… her best friend had not only died. She had been murdered…
Sherlock’s eyes widened; his own body reacted to what he had been proposed. His body temperature rose, as did every hair on his body; especially those on the nape of his neck. It was an interesting study in chemicals and hormones that played out within him.
“Maybe but you can’t just show up and…” John didn’t get further before Sherlock had sprinted to get his blue scarf and wrapped it around his long neck before he grabbed his dark coat and flipped up the collar.
Sherlock grabbed his scarf, wrapping it around his neck; slipping on his coat before he left the flat and went on his way towards her flat.
The voice was almost instantly turned down to a whisper as he entered the building. He gasped a sigh of relief.
His own head was so full of fast thoughts going nowhere… useless thoughts… all eventually circling one uncomfortable subject… teasing him… calling his name… tempting…
“John, please do say something. Your blood pressure must be through the roof“. He frowned, trying to hide his actual concern.
“She wasn’t struggling, not even when he cut off her air supply, he was hesitating though…” for the first time he took his eyes off of her and looked at John who nodded uncomfortably. The army doctor was trying to make himself believe it was any other dead girl. “She is so far from his profile, why didn’t he stop?”. He was asking himself but his eyes were still locked on John’s.
“You’ve met him. How many friends do you imagine he has? I’m the closest thing Sherlock Holmes is capable of having to a friend.”
“If you do move into... umm…” He pulls a small notebook out of his jacket pocket. “Two-hundred and twenty-one B, Baker Street, I would be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money, on a regular basis, to ... ease your way.” He tells me, putting the book away.
“Sherlock, love.” John places his hand on my knee, causing me to flinch as I come back to reality. “Are you okay?”
“Anything for you.” John takes his fingers out of me and slicks up his cock quickly. He tosses the lube bottle to the side to be picked up later. He lines his cock up with my entrance and shoves it inside me in one quick motion.
Sally lifts her walkie-talkie up to her mouth and says into it “Freak’s here. Bringing him in.” She leads us towards the door of the house. We stop just outside the house as a man who’s wearing a blue crime scene coverall walks out the front door while taking off his gloves. It’s Anderson.
It’s now dark outside and we’re still riding in the taxi. I’m typing on my cell phone. John is sitting beside me and he keeps looking back and forth from the window to me. I’m making it look like I don’t know he has questions, but I do. I’ve decided to bring it up. “Okay, you’ve got questions,” I say suddenly.
“Have patience, love. Let me finish here first.” John says as he removes his mouth from my cock to kiss me. He then goes right back to sucking on my cock causing me to moan. After another minute, John removes his mouth with a pop and walks away.
“You have to go, love. We’ve already booked the appointment and we need to make sure everything is okay with the baby.” I think for a moment and I come up with something that might make John want to stay home.
“Yes, I do.” He replies before he’s on top of me giving me more kisses. He kisses my nose and my mouth (several times) and then he leaves a trail of kisses down my neck. He pulls off my shirt, tossing it aside and then moves to my trousers. Once he has all my clothes off, he leaves a trail of kisses down my body. I wriggle with anticipation.
“...How did you know about Afghanistan?” John asked Sherlock, but Sherlock wasn’t listening. He was pulling on his Belstaff coat.
Ms. Hudson turns towards me, smiles, and says “Lovely to meet you.” and then she invites both of us to come inside.
“Something cold is fine. John, make yourself at home - have a cuppa! Don’t wait up!” With that, he’s gone. I pick up the newspaper again to read about these suicides and I sit down. I notice that there’s a picture of the man that was here a couple of minutes ago,
Ah, yes. Time for me to go into detail about my deductions, my favourite bit. “Victim is in her late thirties. Professional person going by her clothes - I’d guess something in the media, going by the frankly alarming shade of pink. She’s travelled from Cardiff today, intending to stay for one night - that’s obvious from the size of her suitcase -”
“Anything interesting?” He asks me, looking up from what he was doing at his desk (he was on the computer, I believe.)
“Her wedding ring, ten years old at least. The rest of her jewellery has been regularly cleaned, but not her wedding ring - state of her marriage, right there. The inside of the ring is shinier than the outside - that means it’s regularly removed; the only polishing it gets is when she works it off her finger. It’s not for work - look at her nails, she doesn’t work with her hands - so what, or rather who, does she remove her rings for? Clearly not one lover - she’d never sustain the fiction of being single over time - so more likely a string of them. Simple!”
“Yeah, where is it? She must have a phone or an organizer - we can find out who Rachel is.” I reply while looking around the room.
John and Mike decided to get a coffee and catch up. Presently, they are sitting on a park bench, talking.
As we sit in the waiting room, my leg is bouncing with anticipation. I really hate the doctors… and hospitals… I decide to go through my mind palace while we wait.
“Yup.” I reply, popping the “p” at the end. “Also, I want chocolate ice cream with whipped cream and sprinkles.” John laughs as we flop on the bed, preparing for several more rounds of sex tonight.
“Most people blunder around this city, and all they see are streets and shops and cars… When you walk with Sherlock Holmes, you see the battlefield. You’ve seen it already, haven’t you?”
“Still no news?” Greg Lestrade nearly made her jump as she was looking at the pictures of the marks on the girl’s neck.
“I’m bored, John!” Sherlock Holmes cried out as he stood tall on the coffee table in the mess of a flat that was 221B Baker Street “I need a case!” He was absolutely miserable.
Gripped by panic she opened her eyes and looked around the room. Between her legs was a solid shadow being lit up by the flickering TV screen. The shadow was moving and she could slowly focus harder on it. It seemed to be a figure. It was rocking, breathing…
“Lestrade and Anderson’s people went through the entire flat, everything got turned upside down. Every last bit of your stash was destroyed” John cut him off. “On your demand!” He continued.
The woman stood in the middle of the room chewing the knuckle of her right thumb; her teeth sinking deeper and deeper; surrounding the joint…
“Sherlock?” John tried to bring him back to the present. He carefully put his hands on his shoulders and kneeled down to his level.
“Thought you could do with another” a voice startled her. She was deep in thought going over the sparse victim’s profile. They knew even less about their serial killer.
John pushed one finger in and found the prostate and Sherlock gave a hard jolt. His other hand moved over Sherlock’s thigh and grabbed his cock. And in a hard simultaneous pump John worked both erogenous zones hard. He jerked Sherlock’s cock forward; slipping the pad of his thumb over the tip as his finger inside teased the prostate until Sherlock couldn’t hold back anymore.
John was clearly trying his best to appear cold and commanding; but his entire body was betraying him.
Brilliant. This was the perfect chance! He could get her on her home-turf and he could find invaluable information about her.
“Why did you need to know her stomach content?” Watson enquired in the cab. Sherlock was correcting his black leather gloves. His eyes spying a group of gothic clad young people; all smoking and having a laugh.
John put his hands on either side of Sherlock’s hips and moved himself up against Sherlock’s ass. He aligned his cock with Sherlock’s prepared opening and pushed the head against it; until it gave way and John’s head popped inside his sphincter.
Another black clad young woman, clinging to her faux fur coat, shielding herself from the ever present cool air, was on her way to her ‘bed’ for the night. If you could call a cold, wet and broken mattress among homeless people that. She stopped dead in her tracks and took a long detour when she noticed the well-known outline of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson ahead.
“Please, don’t do this” she begged. Her wet eyes seemed to grow; perhaps in a subconscious attempt at persuading him to listen to her. “What about M-Mycroft?” The stutter made a reappearance.
“Yep, Schizophrenic and ultra religious, very dangerous combination” Holmes said as he carefully laid the young woman back down on the slab. Almost lovingly rearranging her hair. Molly’s hands were shivering and she was chewing on her bottom lip. Yes. She was jealous. “I’m going to need that report on her stomach content, text me” his steely green eyes looked sternly into Molly’s and out of the door he was. Watson right behind. Leaving the pathologist flustered once again. Alone with the body of a young woman she so envied despite her state.
“There’s one big flaw in this clever explanation of yours. The girl is already high; another dose in that state would be fatal. So why are you still looking? Hmm?”  The good doctor snapped.
Without trouble he flipped Sherlock over and undid the scarf; throwing it to the floor before he crawled up to put his lips on Sherlock’s in a long lingering kiss; his eyes looking fondly into Sherlock’s.
“You’re a liar, Sherlock” she cried. This time not using his nasty nickname… “And to think I believed you”… she was awfully lucid for once, capable of feeling the full effect of her sour regrets… “You said you were incapable of love… clearly you are”.
Her heart thumped hard against her chest; but no matter how hard she tried to move her body it laid still, stiff as a board.
Everyone knew that he might have had his fingers in some dirty pies… but nothing had stopped his campaign.
John seemed to bite back on a complaint… but he knew better by now. This behaviour was too imbedded in his friend.
“Do you still have it?” his face darkened, he donned a faux strength; she saw right through it though.
Suddenly, then, John’s face lit up; though he seemed to try to hide the excitement he had caused himself.
“It’s okay” she cooed at him. She reached out for the boy. Her arms embraced him hard; not wanting to let him go… not again.
Sherlock was examining the bruises and cuts on the body closely; his nose almost touching the cold skin as he was looking through his square magnifier. Molly and John stood back and watched him in action, Molly trying to hide her admiration.
John’s lips were so close to Sherlock’s shoulder and he couldn’t resist leaving kisses on the naked skin. He heard the satisfied sigh escape Sherlock’s plump lips and internally mused whether or not to penalize the sound.
”I never did understand that” the voice continued ”All your scars; you never hide those from the world… but you can’t handle people seeing the rings under your eyes or thickened skin on your thumb” The voice became increasingly obnoxious to her.
They didn’t have much to go on though and as she reached for another painkiller to numb her back pain she noticed a yellow sticky note.
Sherlock was sobbing helplessly and threw the letter opener away from him in disgust. He was covered in a cold sweat.
(My updates might become slower, I have a few chapters written up but the meds I am on are meddling with my mind)
The light caught the wet film that laid over Sherlock’s eyes. And Watson’s sore jaw felt like it let go of its hinges.
Her hand balled into a fist but she tried hard not to wake the man lying next to her. She wasn’t in the mood for his needs and he didn’t even know what had happened.
There were things he never could fully delete; despite his skilled attempt of creating and maintaining the well-oiled machine that was his brain.
And still she couldn’t fight it. She was lost inside the shell of her own body; feeling like she was hammering against her own chest to be let loose.
Sherlock took a step closer to the picture that had been sitting in his wallet for 6 months, he put his hand on it; looked into her eyes and whispered to her:
John knew and felt the peril he caused him. Sherlock was practically writhing like a worm in his arms. He let out a chuckle; letting Sherlock know he enjoyed the torture.
“It’s not my case Sherlock” he lowered his voice “And DI Yellow doesn’t want your help; trust me Sherlock I’ve been trying to warm her to the idea but she’s not buying” He tried to explain. Sherlock grunted frustrated.
“I’ll text you the details. What are you doing up?” he suddenly turned stern again. “You know I want you rested”
“Yes” his curly head came into view now. This did not help her shivering; in fact it had the opposite effect.
“We’re going to church” Sherlock informed John after an age of silence from him. John stirred and raised an eyebrow. Sherlock’s eyes were trained on the map with the 6 pins in it and had been for the longest while.
Sherlock’s cock twitched and grew even harder; his back started to sway in the rhythm that John moved in as John was playing him like a string instrument.
- That was what she convinced herself of. It made it easier to bear when he treated her like crap. Her of all people…
“I’ll need the loo” she gasped. Somehow she was now realising that once again she forgot her evening tablets. This was getting old.
She closed her door to her darkened and empty flat behind her; locking it and checked the handle just to be certain. She would check it again later to be sure it really was secure… that she really was safe…
Without warning John’s hands crept back up Sherlock’s long legs; and rummaged over his pants; and John let his finger glide along Sherlock’s covered length.
At the The Stafford she asked for Mr Greenwich. One of Paul’s aliases. He had a rota that she was told to memorize. After Greenwich came Yellowstone then Redding.
Just to give him an interlude from this hellish state. And Sherlock only seemed to deteriorate on this road to recovery.
What was his name again? Walter? No. William. Like the prince! She made that fact into a mental note.
Her heart was still beating so fast she could hear it pulsate in the rushing blood in her ears. Turning on all the lights in her flat she went for a fruitless search for any trace of that thing…
The argument went nowhere and John had to painfully accept that there were some things that he could never change.
“Well who doesn’t in this day and age?” The minister spoke wisely. Sherlock nodded. Biting into his lip.
“Cat; it’s me. Mind letting me in?” he spoke softly, but loud enough to drown out the comforting babble coming from the telly.
The taller of them seemed to tiny. He was shuddering; his long fingers cramped and fiddled… seeming to grasp at something that wasn’t there.
But suddenly as he started he stopped… taking half a step back; locking eyes with a confounded Sherlock.
The loudest sigh of exasperation came from him. His eyes rolled and he seemed like a dragon about to spit out fire. And she was right in the firing line.
She slid onto the floor, nearly collapsing. Her teeth chattered; despite her little home being warm and cosy enough.
The sergeants who were observing the church did make a notice of a grieving man visiting the grave of a loved one. One among many. The sergeant bit into his lunch and crumbs fell onto the surveillance report; he brushed them off and yawned.
“I can have you taken off the case if it bothers you; last night I had to inform the parents of my daughters closest friend that they lost their daughter and I know my own daughter won’t be safe until the killer is brought to justice. Are we clear on that?” Her own stern stand against Donovan surprised herself. The sergeant was blinking. Nodded and walked off. Clearly not happy with the arrangement.
“Don’t touch anything though, evidence. Remember” the inspector warned him; with these words giving him permission to pull the lever disguised as an early edition of J.M. Barrie’s ‘Peter Pan – The Boy Who Wouldn’t Grow Up’.
This time the dream had been kinder than other times… He hadn’t gotten to the point where he screamed himself awake. Not yet.
She turned away; feeling conscious and fearing she looked as the fool she felt she was being and started fiddling with the front door to her building.
“I need some air” the man didn’t even turn around or stop. He honestly feared what he might have done if he stayed too long.
“Yes” he replied. “When can I have the copies?” he was standing in front of the map with the now 6 pins marking the crime scenes. His mind was hastily trying to make a pattern out of it looking for possible connecting points.
From the nightstand John found the lube and placed it on the bed next to Sherlock’s head… letting him know the next step. This was not kindness though… this was part of the torture… making him excited for it.
He was pacing the floor in impatient circles; remembering all of the pictures and scattered pieces of information he had seen on her desk. He had his fingers on his temples as he was organising everything inside his clever brain. Placing them carefully in his Mind Palace.
“Susie wanted to, but I knew her father and he would have killed me if he found out” he sighed sadly “We were always just friends”. She could tell he was getting a bit emotional.
The knuckles on his hands turned white as they balled into fists. He was obviously trying to control his temper.
The young woman felt helplessly trapped the minute the lift doors closed on her. She pressed the floor button hard and the lift did as it was intended.
“He knows her?” DI Yellow repeated her question as she looked at John. Watson nodded, trying to stay calm himself.
Officers were on their way to pick up Billy Clarke and Celia was spending the time pondering Holmes’ theory. Religious fanatic? A priest maybe? What religion? She shook her head. What had he based his conclusion on? The choice of victim? She knew many people had a grudge against people with that particular style and she was already dismissing Sherlock’s words. She had to admit not even she was too fond of her daughter’s lifestyle choice.
He went for the digital jukebox and changed the music from some modern and all too loud bump and grind to something with a melody. Something even older than she was.
“Thanks pet. I got called back… I promise I’ll make up for it” he casually dropped two ten pound notes on the floor for her to grab. “That covers the cab fare, right?” he spoke as if nothing had happened.
“And you are not going to make a sound” John continued to list the simple rules of today’s game. “Make a sound and I stop. No matter what I’m doing to you, I’ll stop. This will also count as your safeword” John’s eyes still held Sherlock’s in a vice grip.
“Trousers” John panted; his eyes looking down Sherlock’s body realizing he was still wearing them… and, oh, they were in the way!
Didn’t the women know these words were nothing but cheap tricks? Surely they couldn’t be so easy… did they just play along?
“I would do anything for you, Sherlock. Anything” John sighed… Sherlock read the well-hidden anger hiding deep beneath that promise. “I will” he corrected himself; making sure it transpired that their relation was not a thing of the past… not wanting to cement Sherlock’s worries.
“I have her in here” Sherlock pointed to his temple and stepped out of the cab that had come to a halt. Expecting his ‘assistant’; John Watson to pay the fare.
“That’s how boys play it, I believe” he winked his eye. He reached for her wrist and she immediately moved away; flinching.
“Bart’s Morgue, DI Yellow finally saw sense!” he was smug. He knew she would crack sometime, they always did. They always needed his expertise.
“There’s another debate, he won’t be needed for all of it. He’ll have time to sneak off” he was still speaking to himself.
Once that flimsy excuse for a security barrier was broken Sherlock went to researching for restaurants around London town. The bar did seem to be a safe spot for her; but it seemed to be a bit too safe for her. Definitely not an advantage for him.
“So, what are we drinking?” he moved himself closer to her from his stool. She fought the urge to recoil. His gaze seemed all-consuming.
“Honestly, John,” Sherlock tutted while smiling like a satiated predator, “Surely I get to savor this.”
Gently, hesitantly, John asked, “Can…Can I touch you?” It was a risky thing to ask, but Sherlock’s eyes remained soft and even looked a little curious. He nodded. John rushed to add, “I mean, touch-touch… you.”
Unbelievably, John continued down this thought process. Well, wouldn’t it help Sherlock on two fronts? It would give Sherlock that release from his emotions, which John felt guilty for causing in the first place. Sherlock wouldn’t need a repeat performance just to come down from this altercation. It would also teach Sherlock a lesson. Hurting himself wouldn’t seem so appealing to Sherlock once John had really shown him what pain was. Feeling emboldened by this single-minded thinking, and fueled by righteousness and still a bit of fear, John grabbed Sherlock’s upper arms and hauled him up a bit, turned him in the air, and tipped him forward with his hips against the lip of the tub.
Sherlock was beginning to be pulled out to sea by the waves, the sand still visible but not nearly as close. Now it was just the physical pain. Nothing but physical pain. Oh, fuck. The relief from mental anguish had, until now, let Sherlock ignore the fact that physical pain was overwhelming in a different way. Now he felt the full bodily effects that had been building, his tensed muscles, whimpers and pants falling from his mouth, tears in his eyes and on the seat under his head. There was no beach, only a metaphor for a man desperate not to feel his pain to hide in. Fuck.
The look on John’s face honestly made him wish he hadn’t said anything. The sharpness of it. There was very little softness to John at all right now. “Well Sherlock, I think we made her pretty worried when she heard me hit you in the bathroom, and especially so when we ran off right after, don’t you?” Sherlock looked to the side and didn’t answer. “When I worry my friends and tell them I’ll call them, I like to keep my promises.”
John broke the kiss and smiled into Sherlock’s face reassuringly as he moved away. Going into doctor mode, he instructed, “Now Sherlock, I want you to shower briefly. I’ll stay in the room with you, don’t worry. I’m going to start the water a bit cool at first, to reduce inflammation in your muscles. You were sitting still for who knows how long, I’m sure your body hates you right about now.” He had kept his tone light, but realized that he was prattling on a bit just to fill the silence. “Ahem, rather…cool at first, then warm to relax, alright? Doctor’s orders.”
John wrapped his arms loosely around Sherlock’s waist, fingers enjoying the sensation of his detective’s bare skin. “Sherlock,” he began with gentle confidence, “You showed strength today. You had the opportunity to add to that little collection,” John had to swallow loudly as he had upset himself with his own flippancy, “but you didn’t. Now I have to ask out of a sense of duty, did you cut yourself anywhere else? Hurt yourself another way?”
Sherlock had let go of his chin and moved down John’s body, not touching but oh-so close to skin on skin contact. The heat from their bodies mingled, and still there was no contact. It was instantly maddening. Only when John took his gaze from the knife and looked down at Sherlock who was (Ohhh God) on all fours between John’s legs, only then did Sherlock smoothly lower his lips to kiss the head of John’s dick.
But then again, it was, wasn’t it? This rush from danger had served him well on front lines, but it felt just as real and right in this environment. As long as Sherlock didn’t push him too far, maybe this could work. Maybe…maybe this could be fun. John’s heart was still beating harder than usual, or perhaps he was just more aware of it. Regardless, John decided to embrace it. A small, dangerous smile spread across his face as he nodded to Sherlock.
John had been taking a nightly walk alone after telly time, which helped to clear his head and also meant he was able to fall asleep sooner. And if it meant that when he came back home Sherlock was already in his own bedroom with the door closed, that was just a rather happy accident. There had been no opportunities for awkward moments of parting for the night, where one or both might have expressed interest in the night not ending yet. It was safer that way, for now.
As Sherlock slowly moved toward the bed, seemingly unaware of his own half-hard cock, he asked John, “What sorts of things are you into, sexually? I’d like some sort of base knowledge to work with.”
Sherlock snorted but didn’t vocalize any outright rejection of the process. Getting the hint, John let silence fall between them once more, and switched from petting Sherlock’s hair to massaging his scalp with his fingertips. He made sure to dig in with the pads of his fingers just enough to get that firm,  insistent pressure that was a point of pride for John. Nobody had ever been left wanting from a head massage from Doctor Watson. The tiniest noise of pleased surprise drifted up from Sherlock. John knew that with all those thoughts constantly whirling around under that scalp, the massage would prove to be intoxicating. It wasn’t long before moans began escaping from Sherlock’s lips, soft but deep and rumbling.
John felt his cock bob pleasantly at the praise, watching Sherlock’s eyes hone in on the movement. Those eyes flared back up with an intent sort of heat. (Oh, yes.) John relaxed back onto the bed and tucked his hands behind his head. The position just so happened to engage his biceps and pecs nicely, and wasn’t this what muscles were for, anyway? To be flexed, and used. And to tempt one’s boyfriend.
A crazy mental image presented itself to John, of what that must look like. A vague concept of a long-limbed and naked Sherlock bent over the lap of a leather-clad woman (man?) shoved itself to the forefront of John’s mind before he shoved it roughly away. He had to pivot this conversation, right now. “So, ah, it’s good when you have another person. They do less harmful things than you do, because they have boundaries, unlike you, apparently…” John didn’t know why he said that. He waited, afraid that he had offended Sherlock.
He noted with surprise that he was standing defensively, presenting his shoulder and hip to John, hiding behind his long bones and presenting a visually smaller target. Hiding, yes. Hiding because of his feelings of humiliation and of deep shame. Suddenly those two were very easy to identify within himself, separating from the overwhelming mass to suffocate him. Sherlock felt himself being swallowed easily, but was unprepared to come out the other side to find…a sliver of genuine quiet. Relief and gratitude toward John. There was a certain peace to hitting a brick wall, to being stopped by an immoveable object. It was a forced opportunity to take a vacation from perfectionism. Sherlock knew, somewhere deep in himself, that he was supposed to let go at this point and give himself completely to John.
As John climbed out of the taxi and made his way to the flat, he felt the first stirrings of apprehension that he had left Sherlock for so long today, disrupting their routine. He had felt comfortable with the idea this morning, as over a week had passed without any troubling signs from Sherlock. Now John wasn’t so sure. It was probably nothing, honestly, just nerves. John was also very tired, the kind of tired that meant he had endured a long day of helping others. It was a good sort of tired.
John’s face, which had been watching Sherlock coolly, became animated as he rushed out, “Molly, don’t be mad at me, alright? Trust me, I-“ He broke off abruptly, interrupted. Sherlock hated that he could barely make out her tone of voice, let alone what she was saying. John made a surprised “huh,” then nodded as he listened. “Yeah,” he agreed, “something like that. Yeah, you’re welcome, thanks to you too. Bye now.” A smile lingered on his lips as he put the phone back into his pocket, but it slipped off completely as he returned to the task at hand.
Maybe (definitely) trying to see what other noises he could evoke, John moved his fingers down to Sherlock’s neck, seeking out the knots he would certainly find there. As he kneaded gently, Sherlock’s moan did increase in frequency and volume, and John half-suspected that he was playing along. And what if he was? They were two adults in a…a relationship of some sort, and they seemed to be hinting at the same progression. But Sherlock had been through a lot this night, and John did wonder, would it be taking advantage if he took control tonight in a sexual way as well? He wasn’t sure, and didn’t want to risk it. Damn.
Sherlock’s gaze lifted from his body’s reflection to meet John’s in the mirror before he answered, “No, John.” Underneath the thread of defensiveness, John was thrilled to hear just the faintest hint of awed pride.
Moving slowly, John gently took the razor blade from Sherlock’s hand. There was just the barest hint of resistance on Sherlock’s part, for the most part remaining passive and still. “It’s ok, Sherlock, I understand. It’s ok to have conflicting feelings about this, alright?” John kept his voice gentle and even, not wanting to express any kind of reprimand. He stood up and placed the blade in the medicine cabinet behind the mirror. Even if he removed this one from Sherlock’s possession, John knew that he would easily be able to replace it at any store, and he wouldn’t insult Sherlock by pretending otherwise. Any progress made would be within Sherlock, not their surroundings.
Sherlock’s thought process completely shut down as John raked his fingernails down Sherlock’s long back, hard. He didn’t even realize he was coming until John’s hand on his cock loosened a bit, still stroking steadily as Sherlock’s come spurted messily onto them both. The noises Sherlock observed coming from his own mouth were controlled, sad-sounding whimpers instead of the screaming he felt inside his body. His eyes were screwed shut on their own accord, brows down as if he was in pain. All the muscles in his body were tense, locked up…and then every muscle finally relaxed. His body slumped foreword toward John again, who easily caught him.
“One,” John retorted, “I am not your therapist. I’m…I’m just your boyfriend.” There, he said it. Either Sherlock would correct him or he wouldn’t, but at least he said it. “And two, I need to know…do you reach…that point, in the field? Or do you always wait until you’ve come home?”
Sherlock’s face twisted as though he had been punched in the gut. To his credit, he took in a deep breath and started, “I-“ before his voice broke and his head sagged abruptly between his shoulders, hair falling down to hide his face. “John.” The tone of his voice was mournful, conveying an apology.
Acting on instinct, Sherlock watched his own hand fly toward the box of tissues on the side table, then rush to his dick as orgasm took him by surprise, sad in its brevity and lack of satisfaction. The tissue caught most of his come, as John had ordered, but a few drops did make it to the chair. Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to care in this moment. He was still being hit with weak pulses that shot from his stomach to his cock. It was all he could do to keep his legs straight, trembling and unsteady as they felt now.
To John’s surprise, Sherlock let out a snort of harsh laughter. “No, they never…No. If it’s someone else, it works with less…. ah, less…”
John headed toward the bathroom, the door to which was hanging open and letting the light from the hallway illuminate the inside. There was a figure hunched over, sitting on the closed toilet seat. John’s heart raced as his body assumed a more crouched position, lowering his center of balance to better fight or run. He stared at the figure for a few heartbeats before being able to discern a mop of curly, dark hair, and pale limbs.
Celia had not slept at all when she showed up at work; she had tried to hide the dark rings under her eyes with makeup but Greg looked straight through her when he handed her the coffee which had become a ritual by now.
Emotions were not something Sherlock wanted to concern himself with. It was a lesson he learned a lifetime ago. He didn’t want to admit it; but his brother was right when he reminded him that ‘All hearts are broken’. It was a tedious process; one that Sherlock surely didn’t have time for.
“I managed to hide two of the cocaine bottles, just for safekeeping… just in case…” Sherlock was paddling in deep waters.
Without any further words he slid her coat off of her shoulders and soon put an already prepared drink in her hand. Without her usual hesitation she took a long sip of it.
“The autopsy report of the 4th victim is here” Donovan said as she dropped it on the table in front of her.
Sherlock went to take a quick shower and changed into one of his best suits; douching himself in the same aftershave he had worn the night before. He figured familiarity and consistency would be his strongest asset with the slightly neurotic woman he was trying to woo.
Not long after he had left the damp basement he made it to St. James Church. He was shivering as he kneeled and began praying for God to have mercy upon the poor misled young woman.
How could he have chosen her… Where had she been when Sherlock was out of it; crying in the corner of the bedroom in the middle of night; clawing at his own skin? Shaking violently…
The inspector entered the chamber just then, his eyes wide. He had seen Sherlock Holmes in many situations… but never this way.
“I thought you said she was strong” John bit the inside of his cheek. He knew what he had started. Molly was looking curiously at the two men.
“I’ve had a look at Kelly Middleton and Annie Jackson so far” he put his hands behind his back. She swallowed. “I’m going to need copies of everything”
“Have you even moved today?” It was a soft voice; a soft concern laced with a kind smile that often came from John.
Sherlock heard what happened behind him; and he felt it difficult to catch his breath. Oh fuck. He wanted it. He needed to feel John inside him…
John could count his ribs as well as he could read the scars; way too many for the average man his age.
“Mum…” she spoke tiredly, almost as if the word was physically painful to pronounce. “Can I have an advance on my allowance?”
At the bar sat a woman; one hand constantly held on to her glass. The other continuously strayed to her hair; putting a strand of hair behind her ear, and then freeing it again; combing it down… to then continue the cycle.
Though… there was one way… and Watson himself; the doctor; could not deny that even he had thought about it a few times.
“And the S?” Molly was scared to ask. She had a feeling the answer was going to hurt her. Damned feelings. She had spent so long trying to get over her feelings and longing for the consulting detective.
She flipped it through; The cause of death might as well have been a copy paste of the rest of the victims.
John had agreed; adding to the terms that Sherlock was not to be left alone at any point of his recovery. Which accounted for their change in sleeping arrangement… or rather, had created a good excuse to make a sporadic thing permanent if only for a while.
Sherlock Holmes was far from perfect; but that was the point… and how he ended up in this situation… he was human. So very human. No matter how he tried to deny it.
“Sherlock…” John weighed his words; his brain running a marathon trying to find the right to approach this unfamiliar situation.
The curly haired one didn’t answer. Instead he reached into his pocket and withdrew the napkin and dropped it in the sitting man’s lap.
In that moment he grabbed hold of her face; pressing his lips against hers and forced her mouth open. He claimed her with his tongue taking her breath away completely.
“Nope” Sherlock shook his head. “Mira already died once remember?” John’s eyes narrowed and Celia looked at him confused.
“Can I have the cash then?” The young woman stood up as soon as she had finished the pancakes. She was already on her way out of the door. Celia’s heart was aching. She got up and found the packed lunch she had lovingly prepared for her.
He had merely changed his mind temporarily due to a display of waterworks… though this time Sherlock had not been in control…
Though, she had always been younger than him… but with him there was a strange form of maternal instinct that got switched on when she saw him like that… weakened. She could not stop herself from feeling protective over him.
John had. Happily even. There was nothing John wouldn’t have been prepared to do to help him through it. And he had been so proud of Sherlock too; going full cold turkey took an inhuman amount of willpower.
“I will need to have a look at the room first, alone” his voice sounded a tinge raspier than he would have liked.
“Kisses and hugs. Send it in the morning” John sounded preoccupied. Sherlock did not have to look to know he had resumed to his reading… He had never been fond of this whole plan. Sentiment…
“Mira Jensen, she’s been murdered. If you’ll excuse me!” he pointed at the door, wanting to be left alone. The elderly, kind lady turned white as a sheet.
“All we know is that he targets young females with a gothic clothing style; he undresses them and ties them up and leaves them for several hours; leaves no trace and none of the girls knew each other” she shrugged her shoulder tiredly.
“The… the rose” she sighed. She felt a hot electricity buzz from him into her. It even took her several seconds to remember her carnal fear of human touch…
“I want you, Sherlock” She confessed; her body trembled and her hands reached for him; clawing at him; untrained even… She was grasping for more. Almost as if this was the first time…
“I know!” she replied. “But unlike me you have made a life for yourself. Don’t spoil it now!” To her own surprised her voice raised and she tried to school him. “Besides, you’re an idiot for leaving your kit with a fucked up crack whore” She barked.
“Where is she then?” Holmes appeared unaffected. “Might I have a word with her?” he looked into the eyes of the sergeant who shook her head at him.
Perhaps she shouldn’t have been so afraid. Wasn’t that the point of that whole ‘Just say yes’ thing she had started on New Year’s Eve… thinking she needed to make some drastic changes to her life.
“Don’t worry, I don’t have to come inside. I just want to make sure you get home safe. You’re an attractive young woman and you never know. I’d hate if something happened to you” he looked for her bewildered eyes.
Celia Yellow was shaking her head at the scene she had witnessed. She couldn’t make sense of it; he was way too strange for her. That much was clear. But he did seem to have some insight. If he was right the next victim might not be far away. Her heart beat was fast and she knew she had to do what she could.
At the strike of 8 in the morning he reached for his phone and sent the text; rolling his eyes once again at those symbols that apparently were synonyms for displays of affection…
“Yes, sort of…” John didn’t know how to explain their relationship. He never really understood it himself and now he understood it even less.
“So, she knew you?” Molly’s smile was clearly forced and the edges of her lips twitched. This was the second time this had happened over a dead body and it didn’t get any easier.
She heard the front door open and knew Jack was home. She put her phone away and stiffened her emotions.
The man’s hands were twitching as he heard her beg for him to leave her alone when he was removing her clothes. It seemed harder this time somehow. The voice in his head was louder than ever before and it seemed so distracting.
“Don’t” Lucy stopped him and took a long puff on the cigarette. She knew who he was going to bring up. He had always liked Kelly; everyone but Kelly knew that.
“Here, I put some cash in here too; be safe. I love you” She got to look into her daughters grey eyes surrounded by thick layers of black makeup. Lucy shook her head and off she was.
Sherlock was shivering and stumbled slightly as he sat himself down on the bed behind him; his eyes were locked on John; his head full of questions… full of the need for John to touch him.
John looked away from the church for a moment to watch Holmes in his Mind Palace, a blank stare. What was the point of going to stake out the church when he wasn’t even watching? They were wasting time… John’s gaze returned to the church. Not much activity.
“Such a shame, and she seemed so fond of you too” She knew when to leave him alone and dashed off. Sherlock was re-entering his mind palace but couldn’t find Mira anywhere. He was searching high and low.
She went straight to her desk and continued her search for Annie Jackson’s boyfriend, Billy Clarke.  Her fingers were twitching. She was making a difficult decision.
John could not help but let his eyes wander over Sherlock’s pale and freshly exposed skin; it filled him with electricity: the mere thought of running his hands over his muscular body… an electricity that radiated all the way to his cock, making it twitch into life.
The man then threw his phone at his friend who skilfully caught it in mid-air. This was not the first time there had been such an exchange.
“Because it’s quite enough that you are toying with one woman’s feelings!” the fair-haired man raised his voice; putting down his mug.
I promise you Sherlock will be given a lot more space in this soon! Hope you're not missing him too much?
He found himself wondering why no one had noticed or was bothered that he saw that young woman; sure Paul Stulte was a careful man, sure, but he was not being careful enough. This had been far too easy to find.
The man calmly rose to his feet and carefully placed the open bible on the chair. She was scared; she didn’t show it though. But she could not figure him out; what was he going to do to her? If only she knew she could prepare herself for the torture.
Sherlock’s hands were shaking as he got the old shoebox out from under his bed. He was internally cursing his body’s betrayal and only nearly managed to stop the shaking as he heard the items inside the box rattle. He brought it to his kitchen; or rather his lab. Especially when he was on a case. He opened it and sat himself down as he carefully placed the items on the little table space that was left among his mess.
And it was a quick out for her to rethink an escape strategy… to be honest she just needed a drink to calm herself down… she hadn’t come for… this… whatever ‘this’ was.
It wasn’t though. She got a quick glance at the man before he shoved her into the black van and drove off with her.
There he stood now; looking at his work. His eyes darting from one piece of information to the next. Everything was being organized inside his Mind Palace.
“I don’t even know what that means anymore” Sherlock’s pale long jittery fingers entangled in his own damp dark curls; almost creating a yin-yang effect of white merging into black.
“They would, if your mother cared to take you to a doctor” She put the glass down. Once again it was only ice that remained.
Cat smiled; trying to look as grateful as possible… pretending she didn’t know the inner workings of hotels by now.
Cat pondered the question looking down at her feet on the sidewalk. Her grasp of time had vanished a while ago… in a way it felt like a hundred years ago, and in the same moment it felt like yesterday.
Perhaps not the wisest choice to mix it with alcohol either… but as some people felt the need to continuously put out there ‘you only live once’… and the drinks she had that night had been sorely needed.
“In a few years you won’t be able to get rid of her, just you wait and see!” he let her know before he went back to his office. She got herself the first pain killer of the night and went back to trying to sort out the sparse evidence.
The long, straight, black hair was the first feature she could make out in the dark and moist cellar under the high school. She swallowed hard and took a deep breath.
Her fingers were shaking and she took another swig of the liquor; hoping it would help… even if she did know better than that.
“Now give me your hands” John faced Sherlock. He was still doing what he could to remain in control of the situation and himself.
“What is your personal opinion, is he capable of continuing this case? I am aware he was familiar with the victim”. The DI was out of line. But he couldn’t let the girls down by putting her trust in Sherlock Holmes if he wasn’t capable.
Sherlock froze and looked to the sleeping man; who groaned in his sleep and turned to his other side.
Holmes gave a disgruntled Donovan a cheeky grin before he entered, donning gloves. Her tension over not being able to stop him amused him beyond words. He just loved toying with her.
“Anything out of place” Sherlock sounded almost annoyed to have to explain anything to the army doctor. They both heard a cough as a minister walked in; obviously having heard that someone was in his church.
She put the kettle on; brewing herself a cup of caramel flavoured instant coffee. Well, it was more of a case of milk and sugar with a tiny bit of scented coffee…
“Mira is dead, Sherlock, you’re having an emotion” John told him walking over to him “This is normal, it’s part of the grieving process” he now stood right next to the world famous consulting detective who was shuddering, cringing and still had tears in his eyes.
There was a cold methodical approach to these murders. One that chilled her to the bone. There was a slight bruising on the arms but the only real sign of violence was the dislocation of the shoulders; which was caused by gravity as they were hung by the hands for what was estimated to be at least 5 hours; barely touching the ground with their toes and then the strangulation that had been terminal. One could only imagine the anguish and fear they would be going through during those last hours before their death.
Sherlock wasted little time getting into the sealed crime scene once the last officer had cleared off. John felt like protesting when they broke through the taped door but he knew Sherlock too well by now so it stayed inaudible.
She tried not to smile when she made an internal observation that it seemed it was often a trait of men with power-complexes or a below average penis… or even a combination of the two…
“Is that John?” she called out to Sherlock who was still searching for God knows what. Oh, who even wanted to know…
I am so, so sorry for my long absence! I have been so terribly busy working for the Eurovision (I had a blast!) But I hope you can forgive me!
There she stood; her eyes still closed and her head hanging limp; titled to the side. She almost looked dead already. But it was too soon. He neatly folded her clothes and put them in the corner before he walked up to her and slapped her face as hard as he could to awaken her.
In a frantic panic, she patted her hands down over her body… finding that it was still intact; despite the fact she could still feel the damage. But the only visible damage was the bruises from earlier and that cut… still patched up and still it’s original size.
It wasn’t impossible; but it was downright silly to have Sherlock struggle to strip out of them while being bound. John chewed his lip and without warning put his hands on Sherlock’s hips. Sherlock’s lips parted and he felt a tug in the lowest pit of his abdomen; his cock twitched.
“Yep. Obviously. They always miss something” his eyes were peeled on the building and his voice was almost mechanical.
“You have to sleep sometime” John was propped up on his elbows; halfway under the covers. He was drowsily watching his best friend go through hell.
“A whiskey-gal” he joked “I wouldn’t have guessed” his brow raised; making him look genuinely impressed with her choice.
The sniffling detective was rigid; taken aback but had no time to push him away… so he remained frozen in Watson’s caring arms.
Putting one hand around Sherlock’s stomach to steady him, John bowed over him. Sherlock could feel John’s hard bulge push into his spine and even that made him gush with excitement.
“Well it’s not. She’s just a teenager, that’s what they do” he winked at her.  Obviously trying to help her survive the day of work she had ahead of her.
“5 young girls are dead and you do not want my help, why?” his narrow eyes looked through to her soul. He had noticed the fresh evidence on her desk, insinuating yet another victim.
“Not necessarily. Would there be a reason for us to think he might have had a grudge against Annie?“ DI Yellow looked into the eyes of the young woman that had now grown damp.
Holmes needed to kick this devil of addiction off his back himself; he had even made John sign a contract to not get him any medication to alleviate his symptoms; unless his life was in immediate and absolute danger.
“She sent me a text an hour ago, said she was coming” Lucy replied calmly and leaned against the brick wall and lit another cigarette.
He straightened his ‘battle armour’, dusting himself off looking at the mirror. He practiced his dashing smiles and tried to keep them on for longer. It made him want to gag having to be that way.
The blonde woman in the grey suit dialled the number again; sighing angrily. She was once again met with the rude answering machine.
John let his hand tickle down to Sherlock’s inner thigh where he softly stroked it back and forth; stopping before he touched Sherlock’s cock.
“I was at the pub with my mates, having a drink and then I went home. I had work in the morning” he explained dryly.
“She would have reported it?” Watson tried his best to come with an answer. Sherlock shook his curly head.
Going for her purse she grabbed a pill box marked Wednesday and threw three tablets into her mouth and washed them down with water from the tap and swallowed.
Holmes utilised all of his senses. He was looking around the room, sniffing everything, bending down to touch the spot where the tip of her toes had been trying to relieve her shoulders. He got back on his feet, rising to the toes of his own feet to have a look at the water pipe that bore clear marks from the metal chain.
“The tattoo, could you describe it?” Her mouth was dry and it was a struggle to at least look professional. She almost regretted the question. But she knew this was not how she wanted to see Lucy.
“So, where are you from?”. He didn’t have to ask; he knew as much having indeed stalked her recently.
Sherlock quickly glanced towards her just as she staggered to her feet, still with the dumb smile plastered on her lips.
Another deep sigh emanated from the broken one; his muscles finally gave in… slowly but surely. He relaxed.
“I had a bad dream” the young woman chirped; realizing as she spoke how stupid it sounded; coming from a grown person. “I shouldn’t have called. I’m sorry”
“Leila” he answered. Leaning in to get the rest of the line… this time his nose and lips travelled down towards her navel. She wriggled; his touch tickled.
A long silence ensued… both of them just staring at the other… No words either could find seemed to fit.
“That’s not your safe-word” he grabbed her braid and snapped her head back as a further punishment. She didn’t know it was possible but he moved even harder and harsher within her until he was satisfied and threw her to the ground.
“I got some of the dust in my eyes, I’ve been successful at hiding this box from Mrs. Hudson…” he dismissed the cause of the waterworks. Most of all to himself. This didn’t happen. This was not him. Had he been drugged? Was he ill? His mind was going into overdrive trying to find a likely cause.
The guy had fought the withdrawals so bravely to just give it all up to temptation this way. It really wasn’t fair!
He signalled the bartender who lazily scuttled over to their end of the bar. It being a weeknight meant the bar was near empty…
He then crawled onto the bed himself; sitting himself right behind Sherlock on his knees on each side of Sherlock’s thighs.
Striving for casual, John shrugged, ignoring the hammering in his chest. “I’m a man of simple needs, really. A blow job here or there, some dirty talk…” He trailed off as he caught Sherlock’s expression. It looked like a reprimand.
We all know that John has a thing about danger, right? So there's a knife in this scene, but it's never used, I swear. It's just...ambiance, weirdly enough. Warning about that, though, just in case.
“Shh, Sherlock,” John gently broke his silence, hand still soothing over Sherlock’s abused skin. “I know. And you realizing that is good. My feelings are still hurt, do you understand?” Sherlock nodded, still bent over the chair. “I’m not going to leave you, Sherlock. I do need you to rebuild the trust that you’ve broken, though.” John gently maneuvered Sherlock into a sitting position on his chair, his face pressed to John’s jumper. His hands cradled Sherlock’s head to hold it in place as the detective cried quietly.
It felt like a punch to Sherlock’s gut, the truth of the statement landing hard. He was desperate, and he was clearly fucked up, already beginning to stiffen in his trousers. Sherlock didn’t feel particularly aroused (actually, maybe if he looked closely at all those thoughts trying to suffocate him, he was aroused), what he did feel was shame. Disgust at himself. He knew he would be willing to do anything in this moment for that pain. Not that John would ever abuse that power, but the harsh truth about himself was in itself a punishment. He felt like a whore.
“ You lied to me, Sherlock.” The condemnation made Sherlock flinch, his face turning to the side. It offered John a good view of the handprint he had left on Sherlock’s cheek. The fact that it was still red made John deeply uncomfortable, but he didn’t regret putting it there. It had been the right call.
“Sherlock?” John called again, softer this time, edging into the bathroom. He left the light off, his eyes having adjusted to the low light. Sherlock still didn’t respond. He was shirtless, vertebrae uncomfortably prominent from being slouched foreword over his own lap. One long, pale arm was braced at the elbow against his thigh to support his bowed head, and the other hung like dead weight away from his body. The hall light glinted off the razor blade in that hand. John’s stomach dropped, but he didn’t feel the same sick shock as last time.
He slowly walked into the bathroom and crouched to the side of the toilet. From this angle, he could see that Sherlock’s pants were tugged down to reveal his hipbones. At that moment, Sherlock took a deep breath and straightened his posture just a bit, although his head stayed hung low.
Between the bodily vibrations and the noises coming from Sherlock, John couldn’t help but to shift his body, just slightly. The stirrings he had been ignoring all night had strengthened. Every moan from his…oh hell, at least in his own mind, John could say boyfriend, couldn’t he? Every moan from his boyfriend sent blood rushing to his groin. And really, what was the harm of just letting the reaction happen? Sherlock seemed to be in a better place mentally, and a bodily reaction didn’t even mean that anything should happen. Just…that it was an option. A very attractive option.
In answer to John’s questioning look, he drawled, “It’s out of my reach, and you’d know if I made a move for it, which I won’t be doing. All that will happen is that you’ll know it’s there.” He didn’t elaborate, and the look on his face seemed to imply that he was waiting for John to catch up.
John was about to break away and ask Sherlock outright if he was okay with what was happening when Sherlock moaned his name once, so quietly. There was a surge of blood to his core and he bit down on Sherlock’s neck again, harder this time. Sherlock moaned again, louder this time, and then hissed, “John, please.” Desperate to give Sherlock anything he needed, John realized that pain was still on the table, although he wanted to keep it a little tamer at this point.
Abruptly, John wondered again at the situation he found himself in: Clutching his best friend on the bathroom floor, listening to the sordid details of his sex life. He waited, but it appeared that Sherlock was done answering.
”Shh,” John again moved in close behind him, dropping the belt carelessly to the floor. He moved his palms down Sherlock’s chest, bringing his back to rest against John’s cheek. John tried to convey through the gentle pressure the pride he felt at Sherlock’s progress just this evening. Sherlock’s ribcage jerked erratically as he tried not to sob. “Sherlock, you did so well,” he promised, gently stroking one hand up and down his bare side. The other hand remained as a steady pressure over Sherlock’s racing heart.
John watched this all play out on Sherlock’s face, and as his friend’s eyes went distant again, John panicked. If Sherlock retreated now, would he come back? He acted on instinct- and slapped Sherlock. He was immediately horrified at what he had done, his hand hurt and the impact had been so loud. But Sherlock was finally looking him in the eyes. Not only were his eyes sharp now, they were piercing, in an intensely questioning way. Finally, Sherlock was fully present.
His attention was snapped back to John as he pulled his phone from his pocket, and brought it to his ear as it began ringing. A phone call, now? Really? That scream threatened to break free again, and Sherlock barely managed to keep it in this time. No, he thought, trust John. Trust him. If this is punishment, take it. Do anything he wants.
“Fuuuuck.” John hadn’t intended for that to slip out, but it was an honest reaction at least. This could easily become too much, too overwhelming. The soldier aspects of himself were not generally ones he wanted to bring into his romantic encounters, and especially not his sex life. Those were…separate. That wasn’t the person he was currently, away from active duty.
Before the pain of one hit could fully recede the next one would land, like how waves on a beach would retreat only to be crashed over by the following wave. In this scenario, all of the forces tormenting Sherlock’s mind were represented by the sand underneath. As one wave drew back, the thoughts were closer, more visible, within reach. Then the next wave of pain would come and provide distance, a barrier. And then it too would recede. These waves, this beach of limitless sand, became almost as real to Sherlock as his own mind palace, meticulously designed and created.
Sherlock yelled as John’s belt struck across both cheeks at once. And just like that, more powerful waves than before tore him completely from the sandy metaphor. There was nothing but the pain rolling him around between blows, nothing but his own sobs and shaking body, nothing but the ever-solid presence of John, John who was saving him. Who loved him. Each blow from the belt was an intensely bitter-sweet gift.
The belt had gone, but John had continued spanking him by hand through his orgasm, Sherlock realized belatedly. John’s other hand was braced against his bare side and there was safety and care promised in that simple gesture. As much as Sherlock yearned to lean into that, he was horrified to find himself begin to struggle, one hand rising from the armrest and moving as if to push John away. John seemed prepared for that, however, and smoothly grabbed the arm and twisted it behind his back. The blows continued.
This time when Sherlock’s head snapped to the side, he left it there. His eyes remained closed and his breathing deep and slow. Then, laboriously, he opened his eyes and turned his head back to face John. There was a heat in his eyes that John had only witnessed a handful of times before, and that had been moments before he physically attacked someone. But Sherlock didn’t seem likely to attack…his body was actually relaxed, slumped up against the tub wall. There was something…suggestive about it. It didn’t help that Sherlock’s shirt draped open to show goosebumps and (Oh God) erect nipples. John wished that Sherlock would say something, but he didn’t. He just stared at John.
”Good, dearest, good,” John kissed Sherlock’s temple briefly, a reward for a difficult process. He decided to press on just a bit more. “Now say,” he paused as he delivered a swat, just barely hard enough to ensure Sherlock’s complete attention, “I have more to give people than just my detective skills.”
The two of them didn’t speak as Sherlock’s breathing slowly evened out, his chest moving more fluidly. The tears that initially dampened the soft fabric finally stopped, and the only movement from either of them was from deep breathing. They were both obviously exhausted. After some minutes of that, Sherlock cleared his throat and spoke in a remarkably stable voice.
Sherlock simply nodded and walked over to his dresser, opening an ornate box on top of it. He pulled out a folding knife and opened it, revealing that the entire weapon was matte black. Practically invisible in low enough light. It wasn’t very long, but it looked sharp, and all in all it was a very nasty little weapon. Also, highly illegal. A subtle, unsettling feeling was growing in John’s stomach, and his cock softened just a bit. Sherlock placed the opened knife on the dresser in plain sight, and then climbed into the bed to join John.
That brought a slight smile to John’s face as he made his way up the stairs. The muffled sound of the telly drifted down the stairs, reassuring John that Sherlock had stuck to the routine even without him, and that maybe Sherlock had been able to soothe himself with the familiar pattern of the day. As John rounded the corner into the living room, however, his face dropped just a bit as he realized that Sherlock was nowhere to be seen.
“Are you even sorry?” Sherlock knew that John was trying to control his anger, but it was clear in the question spat in his direction. The two options, to submit or to fight, both suddenly leapt into his mind, and he was briefly exposed to the flood of thoughts again before he shoved everything back down. He worried at his lip for a moment. Honesty. That would keep things simple. He brought his eyes back to meet John’s.
John was taken aback, and didn’t have a clue how to answer that question. “I…I don’t know, Sherlock. I’m…helping someone I care about?” Sherlock’s breath slipped out audibly as a small smile crossed his face. He relaxed back against the tub, turning his head to the side and closing his eyes. He looked…really vulnerable, in an endearing way. John realized that he had never seen Sherlock like this, so approachable and soft. He wanted to reach out and…What? Touch his friend? Touch his friend’s naked body?
That’s where John comes in, he tried to tell himself. Trust him. Listen to him. Anger flared up at his own instructions, at the thought that anyone knew better about his own inner workings. That was absurd. And yet…
”I…I felt so stifled in the lab today. I even let the staff know what I’d be doing today, John, I made the effort to tell them so they would stay out of my way. They knew the importance of the evidence I was testing, and yet they interfered every step of the way!” Sherlock’s voice had risen in volume, and he briefly cleared his throat. “They wouldn’t just let me do my job. I needed to run those tests to wrap up this case, to help those people…”
When he saw an opportunity to, he darted a hand behind Sherlock to tweak the delicate skin he had laid into earlier, causing a sharp gasp before his hand was smacked in reprimand. John’s hand stung, another trophy. Any true annoyance conveyed by the smack was betrayed by the smile that John saw on Sherlock’s face as the detective maneuvered him around and shoved him down to land flat on the bed.
Other changes began to present themselves to John. He noticed that Sherlock’s mouth was just a little bit open, relaxed. His breathing was clearly visible in the slow but pronounced movement of his chest in his open dress shirt. One long hand slowly reached up to touch his reddening cheek, as if testing to see if it was real. John noticed a difference in the way Sherlock’s pants formed over the front his body, but that thought was aborted as fast as it appeared. It must be the endorphin rush, sometimes that sort of thing happened. Not uncommon.
When Sherlock wrapped up his tender care of John’s second foot and replaced the slipper, John leaned foreword and took the bottle of lotion from next to Sherlock. Without a word he slid Sherlock’s robe down his shoulders, exposing tender pale flesh that was now at attention with goose skin. John felt Sherlock’s racing heartbeat as he also warmed lotion between his palms before smoothing his hands down the sides of Sherlock’s long neck. A sigh came whooshing out of the willowy frame between his feet, and John smiled. The tension slowly drained from Sherlock’s neck and shoulders as John deftly worked his way through the knots and the areas where his detective chronically carried copious amounts of stress. Sherlock, lost in bliss and comfort, still noted that if John happened to initiate something more then he would not be inclined to deter him…But for now, Sherlock felt too melted, too languid to alter the current course.
a redhead. These were to be my flatmates? I couldn’t believe my luck. Four floors were looking pretty easy, if those girls would be at the top of them. I’ve never had trouble with the ladies. Easy conversationalist, learned how to be a bit charming when I want to be. Being both a doctor and in the army never hurt, either. The tour was going splendidly. Good size living room, tidy, with nice furnishings. The bedroom was more than serviceable. They kept giggling at my jokes. I was feeling encouraged until I went to leave, when I met the next potential tenant at the door. He was immensely tall and muscular. The guy frankly looked like a film star. I received a text two hours later that the flat was no longer available.
1st flat – Bit of a dodgy area of South Bank, which I could ignore since I can handle myself and the rent was so low. I don’t even know where to begin. I was greeted at the front door by a tall blond man wearing a crop top with a belly button ring. No issues there, I fully support LGBTQ rights and have done since my sister came out to me at fifteen. But he kept singing ABBA, despite the presence of a stranger. Well, singing is being kind. Screeching was more like it. Apparently, he’s an “actor” who’s just working at Pret until his career takes off. Clearly he appreciated having a captive audience. And in that moment, I did feel very much the captive. He said he was prepping for an audition, and said “at least you’ll get many free concerts here, mate” as he chucked me on the arm.
After much deliberation, figured it might be best to keep my initial impression of potential flatmate to myself. Private post, it is. Sherlock, he’s called. He's just the type to look up any mention, find something he didn't like and... nobody knows what.
“You’re allergic to cats?” I could feel my airway begin to swell and stifled the urge to cough and sneeze.
It's early afternoon, and I need a mental break. Secretly (well, now not so secretly) I’ve always loved old anatomy books. When I began studying to be a doctor, my mum gave me a lovely old copy of Gray’s Anatomy, and it sparked the collector’s spirit in me. They’re the only thing I collect. I travel very light, but I’ve never been able to part with my rare and antique books. On weekends I’d wander happily around crowded, dusty little shops in Bloomsbury to find treasures, then sit in the park and read before meeting my mates at the pub for drinks.
The worst part is feeling like people don’t look at me that way anymore. No one looks at me with heat in their eyes. They notice my limp and my cane. And their eyes fill with pity. Their smiles become too wide and forced. Their voices become sharp and brittle with fake brightness when they speak to me.
My therapist (let’s just call her “E” for anonymity’s sake) has been on about me writing a blog. It’s all a bit embarrassing. You see, I never thought I’d go to a therapist. In my family, it’s just not done. People don’t talk about their feelings, especially in front of, or expressly to, strangers. Seems a bit odd. Trust doesn’t come easily. Talking about feelings comes even less so. But here I go, talking to strangers on the web. Or typing into the void, where nobody will bother to read this drabble.
Then he got down to business: telling me he played violin, sometimes doesn’t speak for days. At least I wouldn’t be serenaded with more Abba. That could be a plus. But it seems Stamford didn’t tell him a word about me. How in the hell had he known we were coming, and that I was looking for a flatmate? It felt like one of those reality shows on telly about undercover police officers. Or perhaps the opening scene of an SVU episode. God, I hoped this wasn’t the bit at the beginning of the episode where I turned out to be the hapless victim. But then he pieced it together so simply that it seemed he couldn’t have NOT known my intention. I still don’t know how he did it. But oh, the place is in central London!
Out to pound the pavement this morning. Slowly, and with a limp, damn it all. I’ve found three flat listings that look somewhat promising. Never thought I’d be looking for a spare room in my thirties, but here we are. If I could just stay in London, that’d be one thing figured out.
Bookshops were peaceful. There's something about the scent of old paper and ink that just sets you to right. Grabbed that lamb curry and mostly enjoyed it, but the pain in my leg kept intensifying. It got so bad that I threw twenty quid on the table and left after only a few bites. Nothing for it but to walk off the tightness. I was passing through Russell Square park when I ran into Stamford of all people. He and I were chums at Barts. Back then he was a studious one, the sort who always found time to study with you, always remembered everyone's inside jokes and who never boasted. Now he teaches there. Haven't seen him in years. He's softened a bit round the edges. But he looks cheerful.
I was a soldier. A soldier who’s lost many comrades in war, and an additional two from the issues they just couldn’t recover from after returning home. PTSD and depression killed them. I’ve got to keep my head above water. E says writing a blog will help me transition. She also thinks it’ll help break the stigma with soldiers getting therapy after coming home from war. She’s been pestering me relentlessly about it. “It’s a new year, make it a resolution,” she’s suggested. So, let’s get this over with.
, and feeling heat on my face. I miss vibrations thrumming through my body in anticipation of touching and being touched. I miss wanting to have sex. That feeling of being out with someone and feeling anxious and excited for what’s to come. The way their clothes hit their body and how good they smell making me want to push them in a dark alley and up against a wall, rather than waiting until we get back to one of our flats. Fuck, I miss seeing a sexy stranger in public and having an inconvenient erection I have to hide. Never thought I’d miss that.
“There’s been another one” she heard Sargent Donovan say and she swallowed. There it was. That pang of worry. That fear that one day she’d be showing up at a crime scene and it would be her daughter they would cut down from the water pipes.
As if John had read Sherlock’s mind one of his hands found Sherlock’s cock and in an erratic pace he tried to jerk him off as he pounded him.
“I don’t know that I am” John mused. Reluctantly he started composing a text; it didn’t take him long to hand it back to the other one.
He wanted to stall further but he was fearing his unwillingness would become too apparent. He had to bite the bullet and get on with it.
”That is not going to help the callous skin from forming on your knuckle. You know how vain you can be about things like that”.
“No, no… Sherlock no!” John gasped; his eyes widening in horror. “You are not bringing Molly into this!!”
In an effort to soothe him; and himself; John allowed his roughened fingertips glide over Sherlock’s white back.
“The A was one she carved after Irene Adler kicked her out… breaking her heart in the process” Sherlock calmly explained pointing to the A, while his finger was still tracing the S.
“Have anyone confided in you, something you felt might have been a bit strange perhaps?” Sherlock had his hands on his back, still watching the older man carefully making a long list of deductions about everything from his breakfast to his lack of churchgoers.
She wanted to scream at her own head to shut up with all that useless babble. Her eyes darted towards the window… and towards the kitchen that held the pill bottles…
She forced herself to look at the young girl’s face once more before she started giving out orders as to who was going to do what. She was personally trotting around the place hoping the killer had left something behind. She heard the beeping of a phone.
Two officers were stalking the church night and day, everyone who had been in touch with the young victims shortly before their untimely deaths were taken in for questioning, autopsy reports were re-read and Molly Hooper the pathologist who had performed most of them was called to give her opinions once more. Scotland Yard was a busy beehive of activity and everyone could practically hear the clock ticking.
“She does look young for her age” Watson swallowed hard. He felt uneasy looking at her. Sherlock was absentmindedly running his thumb over a raised scar on her pale arm that was littered with scars and cuts, some fresher than others.
She was crying and sobbing into the carpet; clawing at her panties and dress trying to cover herself up again; become somewhat decent. All the while internally cursing herself for showing him her tears…
Sherlock sat in a lotus position on the chair in front of the laptop and phone; filing the information about Cat, as well as the new bits of information on Paul Stulte into his own hard drive; also known as his mind palace.
“It’s just Lucy; she’s so angry with me like it’s my fault” she quickly took a sip of the magic black liquid trying to supress her emotions.
Nearly dropping the keys to her little home she felt the tears begin to burn again. Her hands were shaking so hard she struggled to unlock the door.
Her red lips surrounded the black straw and she emptied the liquid contents of the glass; not knowing how to react. She never did.
She ended up using most of the toilet paper; trying to clean herself up at least some; trying to ignore the fact that what she wiped away was mixed with blood.
She looked at him with a dead glare. His words didn’t seem to make sense to her; he might as well be speaking a foreign language it seemed. She looked up at Sherlock.
And it had earned him a few bruises as John not knowing it was friendly arms had kicked and punched himself out of their grip.
The case of the missing emerald sabre was nearly over; Sherlock Holmes himself had figured it out early on but now the evidence was there to back his words.
“Oi, Freak, you can’t just walk in here!” Sergeant Donovan hissed as the consulting detective as he liked to call himself made his way into DI Lestrade’s office.
The moment she was gone his dashing smile faded. His eyes rolled and he ruffled his curls. He paid the barman and was on his way home.
Molly Hooper started her shift early and stretched her entire being, hearing the cracks of her spine as she entered the morgue. It was dead silent in there as she was the only living soul.
In that second Sherlock felt it and it infuriated him. He was wiping his cheeks with slightly shaky fingers; his face contorting in disgust. John handed him a tissue and he ripped it out of the doctor’s hands and dried his eyes furiously.  Water softly trickling down his pale cheeks from his eyes, dripping onto the table. What in the bloody hell was going on?
Lucy was walking the streets of London. She had left her boyfriend’s flat in a hurry. She didn’t care that he was using but she couldn’t handle it when he was trying to drag her into it.
She crawled on the bed and managed to get on her feet. The nausea was back; fuelled by the instant shame of the horrible decision she had made.
“T-thank y-you f… for t-t-tonight” no matter how hard she tried to calm herself; her teeth her were chattering loudly against each other.
Lucy sent Kelly yet another text. Kelly could be headstrong but she had always replied to her texts within minutes. They had a bond those two; and it unnerved her that there had been no reply since last night.
Expertly John knotted them together with the scarf. It gave Sherlock a spark of the same electricity that had flowed through John when their hands touched; and it had the same effect on Sherlock.
He corrected his shirt; tugging it firmly into his trousers; unceremoniously putting the kit into his own pocket.
And silently Sherlock slid out of the dressing gown and threw the well-worn shirt over his head; dropping it to the floor next to the blue silk gown.
“A sample for an experiment” Holmes’ eyes burned into his. He was so matter-of-factly about it that it hurt.
“A bit more severe than that…” the curly one drew a sharp breath. “Molly is a woman right?” You could almost see the lightbulb over his head in that moment.
She tried to appear brave but Holmes noted the reddening and puffiness of her eyes telling him she had been crying.
A vial of blood, a phone, a note, a high heel in pink leather, a purple plastic hairbrush, an old teddy bear, and a rusty razor blade in a zip bag. His hands began shivering again as he looked at the items lined up before him. He hadn’t looked at them for 4 months now. They were hers, Mira’s, and he had collected them after she left him so suddenly only leaving a note telling him not to look for her. Which he of course did… and yes he found her but he couldn’t make himself contact her or make it known that he kept tabs on her. Not after what happened.
The longest while later he got his wallet out and found a small photograph that he then pinned to the wall next to the pictures of the other victims. Mira Jensen was now part of the statistic.
The man’s eyes narrowed as she was walking towards him. Her black dress flowing behind her. She looked like she had stepped right out of the 19th century. The voice in his head was spitting; telling him what a Satanistic whore she was; waltzing about like that; dragging others into her Satan worshipping cult. She had to be stopped. Her soul could still be saved.
And it worked… she was taken under; almost feeling herself sliding down into the darkness. Her body was worn out from the night she had had; apparently.
“Wouldn’t dream of it” She shook her head. “If you would give me a minute” she pushed through to her desk trying to gather the new information the latest find of the new dead body gave them. The killer hadn’t strayed from his method. The only difference was that it was another young girl full of dreams and plans who was no longer alive. The parents had been contacted and were to confirm her identity soon.
“Here you go”. Greg Lestrade placed a fresh cup of coffee in front of her. She was chewing on her lip.
“They were friends of mine, a while back, yes” he reached for his tea and took a large gulp and seemed to struggle to swallow.
“Why you?” his eyes zoomed in on her. She was digging her fingers into the skin on her arm. She blinked. He shook his head. Why wouldn’t she answer? It was his damned Mind Palace!
“I honestly don’t know” she got on her feet and took another good look at the info wall. “Turns out he knew the latest victim” she was looking at the picture of the young woman; her head tilted to the side and her pale face looking somewhat peaceful.
Gently he continued the circles; knowingly doing it long enough for Sherlock to want to groan at him to ‘get on with it’… and then he did it a little more… before without a warning slipping the finger in; just to the first joint.
Feeling her chest constrict she stumbled towards her small kitchen. It was only a few footsteps away from her bed but some days it seemed like an uphill climb.
His nose against her bare skin felt like a rush; unlike any other man who had had his way with her; she actually reacted to his touch.
“She followed him down the stairs, he had a grip in her arm but she wasn’t struggling. Then again it wouldn’t be her style… he sat her down on the floor here” he was taking the same steps; pretending to be holding onto her.
“I believe he is, he is not like other people” She began trembling now. Her hand formed a fist as she tried to keep herself under control.
“Let me go, please” her eyes were wet and the makeup she was wearing was running down her cheeks. She was reduced to a sobbing infant. “I won’t tell anyone, I promise… please” she continued to plead as he hung her from the water pipe.
She finally heard the footsteps coming up behind her. She smiled. Her shoulders hurt more than any pain she had ever felt in her life; both had been dislocated from the precarious position he had left her in for hours upon hours.
“Jack’s” came the short answer. It pained her to hear that anger that was always present in her daughter’s voice. She could still vividly remember her little blonde baby girl running around giggling her head off. So much had changed since Lucy’s father had been killed in action in Afghanistan.
Her phone rang from her purse and with jittery fingers she searched for it in a panic. She picked up and didn’t even have to look at the caller ID to know…
“I hope you’re not thinking about dragging that freak into this whole thing” she snorted. DI Yellow gave her a confused look. “Sherlock Holmes” the sergeant explained. Celia nodded understandingly.
“Sherlock Holmes is out there; bet he hoped to make it here before us! The nerve” she was shaking her head. “I’ve told the crew to keep an eye out not to let him in here”.
A glimmer of hope was ignited within her just then. Maybe the one she had been running so far from would save her this time too. Maybe he had always known where she was… maybe… maybe…
Every time he filled his lungs and held his breath the silence only gave way for the voice at the back of his head.
“That took a bit. Is everything all right?” Most of all she just wanted to get home… home to her shower.
Only when Sherlock’s body made the very last convulsion and the last spurt of cum shot from his cock did John withdraw himself; slipping out of him.
The silence was so loud none of them noticed the dark eyes that widened, watching them at close range… But the painful whimper that might as well have come from a small wounded animal made both of their heads spin around… remembering they were never alone…
Like a child Sherlock curled up on his side of the bed; his back turned to John, his breathing was fast and his limbs were helplessly restless.
Why? Why did they have to die? She was getting a bit too emotionally involved and she knew it too well. Her back felt tight and she reached for yet another pill.
“No, we’re not doing this again… forget I even brought it up” John drew a sigh of defiance. It wasn’t going to help the poor soul now. “I’ll leave you to it” Watson was off to bed.
