Castiel had to agree there was some logic behind Dean’s words. And maybe the excitement of the last few days was playing with his mind, but he could not let go of the idea that this was more personal than Dean thought.
And then Castiel heard a second voice, softer. And much higher.
To divert him even further, Dean stood and pulled a blanket out of his bag. It was relatively thin, so it would not take much space to carry with him, but the cloth was still weaved perfectly to keep the cold away. He spread it on the ground and looked down at it for a moment. It was big enough for two people. At least
And then Dean even started frowning.
“Isn’t that too complicated?” Castiel asked with a cheeky grin, remembering something Dean had said months ago, even though they had taken advantage of their bathroom countless times before.
Castiel nodded, and then said “yes”, because he was not sure the alpha could see it with the bag on. And then he cursed himself – if he had claimed he had needed to breathe, then maybe the alpha would have pulled that damned thing off him.
Dean held out one hand. “I welcome you as a guest of Winchester, Gabriel of Angyal.” They shook, and Dean added bluntly: “Even though your sudden arrival came quite as a surprise.”
After Castiel relaxed he had to admit he was pretty much worn out. He closed his eyes – and he could hardly get out a “G’night Dean” before he was asleep.
. Then Lucifer… he told me to… he said I should… but I had never even… and she looked so scared.” Castiel squeezed Jack’s hand for a second, a reassuring gesture as he tried to make sense of Jack’s stammering. Maybe it did not even matter if he caught the whole meaning. “But I didn’t want to force her. It’s not right. No matter if you’re a werewolf or a human. You should protect the weaker, not dominate them. And then I got so angry. At Lucifer. And my wolf suddenly roared and --- he broke the bond. Just like that. I hardly recognised what had happened for a few moments. But then I ran as fast as I could.” He licked his lips again, closed his eyes and paused. He opened his mouth a few times before went on with his narration; this time his words came out in quick succession: “I didn’t know where to go. And my wolf, I could hardly control him anymore. I knew I needed a new pack. Azazel told me horrible stories about lone wolves who killed humans. But where should I turn? Then I thought of you. I remembered hearing that Lucifer had complained Chuck took you to the Winchesters and he even named this city. And I thought if they took me in as well, I might be able to help you… you know, so it could be like before. Better. Because this time I will stand up for you.”
Great, working in a kitchen with Alastair and Naomi. This sounded like so much fun. Castiel could not help squirming a bit, all the while Alastair watched him with his unsettling eyes.
As he finally fell asleep, Castiel stroked a hand over his neck, where Dean’s mark already started to fade.
“My wolf is content for now. Castiel is part of my pack. And I don’t want to pressure him. He obviously has some bad memories with other Alphas. And he had been Changed not that long ago. He probably doesn’t even realise what is happening.”
Something warm showed in Dean’s eyes, something the alpha hardly ever let anyone else see, apart from Castiel.
Kevin shrugged. “We work pretty closely with the police and the fire department. They sometimes call us on difficult cases. It really helps keeping peace with the humans. It had been Sam’s idea at first, from what I heard, but I think Dean is just as convinced of the concept as his brother by now. And not only to assure the humans that we are no danger to them. I think he really wants to help. Put our strength and resilience to good use.”
he had hung up on Benny that this meant Castiel would be alone for the night – and it had been hard work, including the promise of locked doors and keeping a gun within reach, to convince him to go out anyway.
Meg and Castiel readily agreed, while Dean looked like this was too huge a lie to ever come across his lips.
“I’ll get them,” Dean announced and hurried back, knocking softly at the already locked front doors of the Bowling Hall.
“Yeah, you better do that.” Castiel felt Dean’s lips on his neck before he poured some more water over his head, rinsing out the soap.
Alastair’s head jerked in Dean’s direction, then he looked back at Castiel. He sneered, and his scent became nearly overwhelming, but Castiel could not decipher all of his emotions, partly because they seemed so contradictory and there was no telling whom those feelings were directed at. There was anger, but also a weird form of excitement. Maybe he was disappointed his joke on Castiel had not worked out, but also relieved his mate was not cheating on him with Dean.
“Please, Dean. Just try. I have no idea what else to do. But I am convinced that within the next 24 hours, I will have a body in my house. I just don’t know whether it’s going to be me, Alex or Claire. I can see that this is obviously a bad time and I’m sorry. But…” She shrugged in a helpless gesture.
The big man sitting across from Benny slowly turned around and rose from his chair. There was a bright smile on his face.
The Alpha cried out in pain, and Castiel’s wolf roared. But his victory was short-lived – he felt hard hands turning him around, then a fist to his own face. He was slammed to the ground, but still trying to hit as many of his attackers as often as he could. He turned into a wolf to gain an advantage, but the others followed quickly. Castiel kept clawing and biting, and he got someone pretty good; Asmodeus, he thought. But his powers were draining and with another punch, he flew to the side. Suddenly, he saw blue eyes right in front of his face – the young wolf had not engaged in the fight and looked like he was undecided of what to do. Castiel desperately hoped he would not try to help him. He didn’t want to have another death on his conscience, especially when he would die anyway.
,” Jack yammered one night as they sat on the alpha’s narrow bed. This has been another increasing problem in Castiel’s relationship with Dean: Previous to Jack’s arrival, they had started to spend their evenings together; in the kitchen or they watched some movie with other pack members in the living room, and of course they also took little runs together. But now Castiel felt the need to check in on Jack every now and then – especially since no one else did. There were hardly other options than the evenings, because Jack worked in the garage all day and no one let them go out together. The last couple of nights, Castiel had even noticed that his Alpha had started to just disappear into his own room right after dinner.
The omega tried to fight his attacker off, clawing and biting at anything he could reach. But the alpha was too strong for him. His appalling scent made Castiel almost sick and he felt a wave of panic rise inside of him at the thought of what was inevitably about to happen. He nearly passed out when he felt another wolf biting at his shoulder, drawing blood. And then there was a loud whine as the black wolf kicked his companion away with a strong paw.
Somewhere during the night, they had rearranged the rules, together. They agreed that Castiel could now leave town without asking Dean for permission as long as he was accompanied by at least three alphas; but one of them had to be either Dean himself, Benny, Bobby, Victor or Sam. Castiel did not even try to remind him that Sam was technically not an alpha; he knew Dean trusted his brother more than anyone else, alpha strength or not.
But the older alpha surprised him again. He didn’t react to his opponent in any physical way; not even his shoulders tensed up. Instead he said roughly: “Oh calm down, boy. Do I look like I’m about to steal your omega away?”
After a few seconds that well might have been hours, Dean stroked gentle hands over Castiel’s arms, over his chest, hovering over his waistband. It seemed like he wanted to get rid of Castiel’s remaining clothes himself, but then Dean only licked over Castiel’s throat – an action that, he must have found out by now, was really well received by Castiel – and walked a little closer, crowding in on the smaller man until he fell down backwards on the bed, Dean on top of him.
The second they walked in, Castiel could feel numerous pairs of eyes on them. He had almost forgotten that the presence of an alpha in
“You know him?” Charlie asked – and her bright smile might have had something to do with Dean’s repulsed tone.
. Whenever he laughed, he would focus his glinting eyes on Castiel and then finally he said: “The reason we are here is that I’d like to grant Castiel access to my basic accounts. And he probably needs a new credit card.”
“So, you think he is innocent?”
awesome with a bow and arrow.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes?”
was definitely not on that list. Finally, he was able to see the talker. It was a beta woman, about fifty years old, and she looked just as stern and energetic as she sounded. Castiel noticed the sheepish look on Dean’s face and he automatically got nervous – if someone could put that kind of expression on his alpha, they should be handled with care.
for now. And if Farkas will ever bless us with kids then I don’t care about their gender, but that they will be healthy and loved.” He looked so sincere, Castiel did not doubt his words. Still…
It felt almost unbelievable to Dean that Castiel had only arrived here three Moons ago. It felt like a different time. When Dean’s thoughts went back to the days before his Mate had arrived, his wolf let out an impatient bark. He tended to live in the present and didn’t care much about the past. And he certainly did not care for Dean’s strange mood, either.
“You know, I never tried to play you or anything. I thought there would be only betas and no one would notice that my heat had just started. And I thought, I would only sit on the side, watching.”
“I don’t like him,” Jack suddenly said. “Do I have to meet him again?”
“Hello, uncle.” Castiel said when Gabriel had stepped back and looked him up from head to toe. “I apologise for seeking you out without notice. Thank you for receiving us anyway.”
could use someone fun and daring, someone who manages to coax you out of your shell a bit, but still serious enough to make you feel safe. You fit each other perfectly. There is a reason why some of us made a bet on how long it would take the two of you to dance around each other. We started it when Dean brought you to have lunch with us that first time. Man, I have never seen that alpha so smitten with anyone. You know, it was so funny – you blushed and stared at your hands whenever Dean even looked your direction, and Dean always looked so disappointed when you didn’t react in any way to his bad attempts at flirting.”
Castiel chuckled at the mental image of Naomi and Alastair driving around in a red convertible. The mentioning of Naomi suddenly lightened his mood: Like he had promised himself, Castiel had knocked on everyone’s door after the arrest of Lilith and Alastair and tried to explain to every omega that they could start a new life. Meg had accompanied him – they had hoped that it would be more effectual if the omegas saw them as some kind of independent role models: one private detective and a police officer of their kind. To no one’s surprise, Tessa had been overjoyed. But they didn’t really need to work on her anyway since she had already applied to an apprenticeship as a nurse – and she and Billy were just about to move to an apartment in Kensington. Most of the other omegas, Meg and Castiel were not so fortunate with them. Some seemed to be content with their alphas, others were just too intimidated. There was for example Dr Styne’s mate Olivia who seemed to be too scared to even talk to Castiel anymore.
For a true mating bite to catch, the omega needed to be in heat, and also needed to accept the alpha as mate. That kind of claim would never disappear – any other marks faded within days. But just by the looks of it, there was no difference.
Castiel smiled as Dean brushed his lips over his nape, brief and light, hardly noticeable. Then Dean let out a low, rumbling chuckle, and Castiel turned his head a little to watch Kevin tackle Jack to the ground, a ball rolling out between their feet. Just two weeks ago, the two young men had both started at university together; different majors, different classes and schedules, but they left the house at the same time and returned home together every day. They seemed to have gotten even closer than they had been before; so much so that Castiel sometimes watched them with something close to suspicion. He had once tried to talk to Dean about it, but his Alpha had only shrugged and said: “Jack’s still a pup, Cas. Both his wolf and his human side. Leave them be, for now.” Castiel did not really know what to make of that. But he had the daunting feeling that Dean understood something he did not.
Castiel might have been slightly appeased if Dean had then given an artful declaration of how he could never forgive himself if anything happened to him or how he loved him too much to put him at risk – but of course, that was not the way Dean talked.
People around cheered – both for their head alphas as well as the students.
Castiel still stared at the birds with wide eyes – Dean, however, did not seem as surprised, but he was obviously still touched.
. It seemed a bit ridiculous to go on a date with your Mate. But Sam did not budge: “Take him somewhere that is not a house full of shifters who observe and analyse every move between the two of you.”
“I’m gonna break the glass. You have to jump down. We are not that high anymore. It might hurt, but we should survive. But we have to do it fast. With the sudden pull of oxygen, there might be an explosion.”
Castiel had to admit that he had no problems holding his wolf back, even when he was angry – and in the years that followed his Change, he had been angry more often than not –; he did not even think of him as a second entity in his body. He had learned that, for most werewolves, it felt like sharing a body with a whole different spirit, and the human had to constantly fight this
Castiel agreed, and an hour later, Captain Jody Mills and Donna Hanscum were in their apartment. Castiel wondered if those women would ever again visit them on a happy occasion. The omega was sure everyone remembered the last time they had been in this room – and at least part of the tension in the air had nothing to do with Alastair’s gift.
where exactly the Alphas would meet up – they always kept it a secret so no one could utilise their weakness. And even if anyone did know their whereabouts, they could never guess where they would stop and rest, even if they would need a break. And if someone planned to attack the whole council, they would need a lot of back-up to kill four pack leaders and their companions. But maybe Lucifer worked with another Alpha? Dean had never seemed to fully trust Samuel, not like he trusted the others. But then Lucifer wouldn’t have needed Jack for the whole scheme, would he?
Dean let out a growl at her words. She was right. He would not trust any other alpha with Castiel right now. Someone like this Bernard who had tried to take Castiel from Dean after they had arrived. Still, Dean had very conflicting feelings about Rowena’s proposal. On the one hand, he had wanted to be with Castiel since they had arrived – on the other hand, what Rowena proposed sounded like pure torture.
Would he be disappointed with him as his Omega?
– at least that was what Dean had said before his tongue had found his way into the omega’s hole, hands kneading his ass and thighs. Uriel had never done anything like that, always arguing it was just too gross, no matter how much he expected Castiel to suck him off. But Dean did not seem to mind, and Castiel tried not to feel guilty as he moaned and pushed his ass back even more into the alpha’s face. It had earned him a chuckle and a light slap on the right cheek – as well as one of the best orgasms in his life.
At the same time, Castiel rolled over, opened the drawer of the nightstand and pulled out a gun with ivory handles, Dean’s favourite. He unlocked the safety and pointed the weapon at the two villains next to Dean.
“Very good talk.” Castiel stepped even closer to Dean and inhaled at the taller man’s neck. After the couple of hours apart, Castiel loved to drink in that scent again. He had not been upset or anxious while Dean was gone like he had feared – but it was wonderful to have him back home.
“I--- I’m sorry,” Castiel stumbled, and he was so quickly on his feet Dean was sure he must feel dizzy, his face covered in a cute blush again. “That was very ---- inappropriate of me… I…”
“Yeah, everything’s fine, kid.”
“I doubt it. But Cas will certainly try to make this place look like a library.” Castiel tensed, just slightly – Dean’s tone was light, but he still felt insecure in his new role, even after their talk. He felt Dean’s hand on his thigh and let out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding.
Today, Dean was amidst a small group of four. There was Jack, who, as much as Castiel knew, was usually found among the scouts and not the fighters. He could shift into a pine marten and was really good at making himself invisible. He seemed very excited – but Castiel had already noticed that he always seemed excited whenever he was around Dean. There were two more men, both betas whom Castiel had never talked to. They just stood there and waited with sombre expressions. And then there was Claire. She did not look happy at all. She was engaged in a heated argument with Dean, again. Neither noticed Castiel approaching. Which was almost surprising to Castiel – recently, Dean had always turned around to him instantly every time he had been remotely close. For some reason, Castiel’s heart had fluttered every time Dean had responded that way. But maybe the alpha was too distracted right now. Or maybe the wind was blowing the wrong way, Castiel thought as he himself got a whiff of Dean’s scent. Castiel breathed in a little deeper. He still liked it very much. But his mood suddenly turned sour when he was finally close enough to hear Clair’s words.
“What I am trying to say is: I did want you from the moment you walked into that board room. And I would have definitely asked you out again at a later time – after your heat. But then you suddenly showed up at my door a few hours later – and I fear I am not the type to deny myself such a gorgeous gift.”
of it.”
“This was nice,” Castiel mumbled as Sam picked up Deana and he and his mate were ready to leave.
“Not gonna tell you that,” Dean replied with a grin, like he was pleased with the question. “But to have someone in the royal family on our side would be a great advantage.”
Soon, both Dean and Castiel repeated their wedding vows and before Castiel knew it, there were cheers all around and Dean pulled him in a kiss that was more passionate than Castiel would have thought appropriate for the occasion. Not that he cared at the moment.
Michael straightened and looked overall offended. But his black-and-white ears flattened, a sure sign that he felt insecure about something. “I do not know what you mean. I have always wanted the best for my family. Besides,” he continued before either Gabriel or Castiel could interrupt him again, “I thought you would support me, Gabriel, considering you, too, tried to tell Castiel to
Dean.
“You don’t like it when someone touches your pretty little omega? Oh, but Alastair is so excited.”
Castiel laughed. “Why did you hire her then? When she unsettles you so much?”
The black wolf, Edgar, seemed uncertain what to do. The way he tried to argue with the newcomer, he seemed almost nervous not to aggravate him and he was avoiding direct eye contact. At the same time, he was crouching down as if to prepare an attack.
“No!” Castiel almost yelled. “I want your knot. I need you to mate me.”
With a deep breath, Castiel collected himself and opened the door. He was almost disappointed to see an unknown young woman in front of him instead of Meg.
“But you’re in heat. What should we tell them?”
“What do you want?”
“But she still called you a nice girl,” Castiel’s lips twitched.
“Come in, please,” Castiel said, relieved that someone would distract him. He knew it must be one of his closest supporters, otherwise the guards would have sent them away.
” Meg was quite good at imitating Naomi’s tone of voice. She also did not seem at all like the omega he had seen the day before – when she had looked like the stereotype of a submissive servant.
Even that one word seemed hard to think of.
Dean hadn’t interrupted Castiel during his short speech and now the alpha closed him tightly in his arms again. Castiel could feel that the alpha was trying to appease both of them – he could clearly scent the anger rolling off Dean in waves. Oddly enough, it didn’t scare him, if only because he noticed how hard Dean tried to calm himself down.
Slowly, he started to walk around the omega, practically prowling, looking at him from every angle. Castiel felt more and more self-conscious. Last night, there had been only a small lamp in the bedroom. But now, in broad daylight in the middle of the kitchen – there was no chance to hide anything. He tried not to tremble too much, since Dean obviously enjoyed the opportunity to admire his omega.
For the first weeks, Michael had not seemed to know what to make with the new development. No one had expected his youngest brother to be one of the rare male omegas – but after some time, he had started to welcome the idea. An omega in the family was always a useful tool to form alliances. So from one moment to the other, Castiel had come from being the unnoticed fifth child with a potential career in the military – because, what else would there be for a fifth son; it was not like there was enough land to inherit, even Gabriel had to get himself some sort of job – to a bargaining chip for his oldest brother.
Castiel still did not know how he felt about last night’s events. On the one hand, he understood Dean’s reluctance, he truly did, given the Winchester’s history with Lucifer. And Castiel himself had to admit it might be something the cruel Alpha would do – sending in a spy, someone Castiel already knew and liked. But Lucifer could not have known that Dean would listen to Castiel in the first place, could he? It did not seem probable the Alpha would send someone the Winchesters would most likely decline, if they had not even just killed him on sight. Moreover, Castiel trusted Jack. He was a good boy, gentle and kind, and he wouldn’t have come here just to betray them, to betray Castiel. And no matter how much he could understand Dean, no matter how grateful he was Dean had not sent Jack away last night, a less reasonable part of Castiel was still hurt that the Alpha didn’t trust his judgement. Not to mention that Castiel thought Dean’s death threats and his whole growly attitude had been too much for the poor child who had not in any way challenged the Alpha. Jack must have been terrified – and he certainly believed now that Dean was no better than Lucifer. Probably even worse, considering that his old Alpha had frequently cursed the Winchesters as a horrible pack. It had made at least Castiel believe Dean would be ruthless. Before he came here.
“I will be our pleasure to accompany you on your secret mission, Prince Castiel.” It was the man who had noticed Castiel first, Cesar. He had a mark on his neck, as well as the silent man next to him. Castiel sniffed and was pretty sure they were mated to each other.
–  until Dean had changed the subject to something less captious (for him): the solar system. And in no time, Jack had lost that remaining wariness completely and chatted with Dean like they had known each other for years, in a way only kids could. No trace of the shy child Castiel had been talking about.
While they were together in the kitchen, making some sandwiches, they kissed for the first time. Castiel had just spread mustard on the bread when he felt Dean stepping towards him from behind, to hand him the cheese or something. Castiel then turned his head to look at him – and their lips just found each other.
Castiel narrowed his eyes. Did Roman not know that Dean and he were an item? The news had only ever reported about the detectives’
When Castiel looked up and saw all the honest emotion in Dean’s eyes, he was tempted to tell the alpha everything. Dean was a good man. Maybe he could see past his status as an Angyal omega. Maybe he would even be so kind as to try and find Anna and Balthazar. The Winchester pack had welcomed wolves from different packs before, after all.
Castiel wanted to punch him in that moment. Uriel was dead, and not only if Dean was really the last person who had been seen with him would he make a great murder suspect. And Castiel was more than glad that they were sitting in their own kitchen right now. If anyone asked him, Jody deserved a medal for acting so lenient. It was against protocol to interrogate a murder suspect in his own home on a Sunday morning. As it was inappropriate to question him in the presence of his partner who might turn out to be a witness, or even a collaborator. The alpha was just making it harder for himself, and Castiel wanted to strangle him for his stubbornness.
Since Castiel still felt like he was missing something important in this whole conversation, he simply nodded. What followed was a fifty minutes monologue about winter, storage and the difficulty of keeping everything – from livestock to flours to vegetables –  at the right temperature.
“And I am really glad you let me be your partner. I mean… I asked Jody on Friday if I could do it, but she meant I was probably… not the best choice. Ticked me off a bit, to be honest. But then I had thought she would ask Donna to…” He licked his lips nervously. “Well, anyway. I know this must be tough for you, but… I promise I will try to not act like a complete knothead.”
“I’m sorry if you think I made fun of you in the car. Gabriel just… well, he joked about how he had no chance with me anyway, since you would never let me go after you spent so many years stalking me.” He kissed Castiel’s temple. “I’m sure he exaggerated, as always.”
Unfortunately, in exactly that moment, the doors opened from the inside, and Gabriel looked at them with an exaggerated frown.
Castiel shrugged. “The chances are fifty-fifty. But, yes, I do.” Castiel stroked a hand over his stomach.
Kevin ducked his head to the side, in a trained submissive gesture Castiel knew all too well, and he instantly regretted asking. Before he could back pedal however, Kevin said: “Same as you, I guess. Chuck got me out and left me at Dean’s doorstep. I thought I might have just changed the frying pan for the fire at first, but … I really like it here.” There was a heavy pause. “Castiel… I don’t know about you, but I’ve been in a pack that was led by a very old wolf for a long time. They often have different ideas about leadership and see themselves pretty much like old-world monarchs. Especially when it comes to omegas. I was considered personal property of the Alpha. I always had to stay at home, close to the Alpha. I cleaned and cooked and at night he would call me to his bed more often than not. Claiming that omegas were a good influence on the Alpha and that it would benefit the whole pack if I submit to him.” Castiel nodded, he had heard that kind of reasoning before. “And some of that is true, of course. Omegas can help a pack keep control – when the Alpha draws on our ability to live with our wolves as one. And I think that touching benefits Dean as much as me. He often seems calmer afterwards. But you’ll see for yourself.” Castiel blushed a deep red at the thought of Dean’s hands on him. His wolf could hardly wait. Kevin might have misinterpreted his reaction as he hastily added: “No, no, no. I mean like a hug, or something. Dean would never … Dean doesn’t expect us to do anything we don’t feel comfortable with. Honestly, I’ve never seen him with any pack member that way. He usually gets out and picks up a human if he feels like sex.”
made sure of that.”
Charlie had tears in her eyes and Castiel felt like he was intruding on a very personal moment while he was still kneeling at the man’s other side. He knew that Charlie had not talked to Ketch since the scene in the hallway, and he also knew it had broken her heart. She had been betrayed by a friend, not only a pack member. It was one of the things Castiel liked so much about the Winchesters: Even though not everyone had found a Mate, there was still a lot of love to go around. Friendship and family were as valuable to them as a romantic partnership.
“No. No, they haven’t.”
Dean looked at him with a mixture of distrust, sympathy and hurt.
“As far as I know, Castiel and you got separated after the Roman alphas attacked you. Why don’t you tell us about what happened since?”
“Yes, really.” Castiel rolled his eyes.
“You looked after your whole pack tonight, Dean. Let me take care of you for a change.”
Despite the fact that he was more mature now, had a system of family and friends he had not known before, --- more important than anything else: Dean would not just leave.
But Castiel looked a lot more friendly when Dean returned a few moments later with a half-asleep Jack in his arms. He laid the boy down in the middle of the bed – who had not even protested even though he only very rarely sneaked up to them at night – and then the alpha put an arm around Castiel and Jack.
“What?” Castiel asked confused.
The lanky man seemed relieved to see the approaching group – and one look at the stony faces of Meg and Crowley had Castiel assume that the two alphas were not the most joyful of companies. The beta jumped up as soon as Castiel neared and introduced himself as Garth. He then took the baby from Jess, so that the woman could eat relatively undisturbed.
Castiel blinked. That sounded reasonable. How could he have been so blind? He had thought that Dean simply had to have known what Castiel tried to do when he marked him. Before he met the detective, Castiel had never, not even in heat, felt the slightest urge to mate. But with Dean, he basically had to force himself not to mark him since the first time he had been in heat back in Little Heaven. After Uriel had constantly tried to coax him into a mating for years, Castiel had thought that his bite would be an obvious invitation for Dean. But how could Dean have known that Castiel had dreamed about a mating bond for months now? And frankly, a heat might generally not be the best time to bring it up. He hid his face in his hands with a groan.
Something in Castiel’s brain clicked at Sam’s not-too-subtle hint. “Dean had seemed
Unsurprisingly, in the end, Dean stayed.
“You should have been more open, Jack, but you did not betray anyone, not yet. Not if what you say is true.” Castiel hoped Dean would see it the same way, although he was not entirely sure. There was a lot of hate between him and Lucifer, and he had been reluctant to trust Jack in the first place. “You just came here under false pretences. I did, too. You know, I was ready to hate this pack when Chuck sent me here. I learned better. And so did you.”
“Just breathe. In. Out. You put the envelope in the mailbox and hurry back to the car. Easy. It’s already dark. No one will notice you. Five seconds and you’re on your way again.”
“Maybe you should just reduce your pie-consumption,” Castiel teased.
Knitting? Castiel tried to look interested while he was torn between amusement and despair. He had no idea how to knit. He also did not know how this might help any veterans.
“No, of course not. I fear I am just too full to enjoy it properly.” Gabriel still looked miffed, so Castiel added: “But the dinner has really been delicious, uncle.”
Castiel’s eyes widened in horror and he shot a pleading glance in Gabriel’s direction. The small wolf had read his mind before, so Castiel very much concentrated on:
Castiel sat down on a big rock and watched the proceedings around him. The sun was already about to set, but it did not seem like anyone feared they wouldn’t be ready and done by nightfall. Castiel was still amazed by the number of people – or not only the number, but also the diversity of the group. There were children and elderly people, women and men, alphas, betas and omegas worked alongside each other. Not only a handful of gritty men who wanted to kill the ruler to make a better world for their children – but whole families working together.
He shuddered, until he felt a hand on his shoulders. The song stopped, and Castiel was pulled towards the crook of Dean’s neck where he could drink in the calming scent that had nothing to do with rotten eggs.
“Castiel, this is not as we see it here.” Sam leaned forwards and looked Castiel directly in the eyes, obviously anxious that the other man understood every word he was about to say. “Omegas are…
, Castiel groaned out at just the first contact. Dean pulled back, but before Castiel could complain, he nibbled at his lips again, playfully asking Castiel to part them until their tongues stroked each other. There, sitting awkwardly at his dinner table, Castiel enjoyed the longest make-out session he had in nearly nine years. Dean’s lips felt soft and warm, he moaned a little when he felt Dean’s teeth scratch over his jaw and down to his neck, the alpha’s hands brushing through his hair, and over his back.
“Alpha? Come on, let’s sit down for a moment.” It was Cole, and he and Cesar were leading Dean away to a nearby bench, Charlie was still holding onto Dean’s hand.
“Oh, relax. I was just joking. Why not ask him this afternoon, after Counsel? I could accompany you – since I would definitely like to see Dean’s face when you start talking about corn cubs.” Meg suggested with a mischievous look in her eyes. The alpha seemed to enjoy it whenever Dean got riled up. Or Crowley, for that matter.
Dean let out a frustrated sound, but he pulled away from Castiel and even hopped off the bed. The omega frowned at his alpha – he could not seriously think about taking a phone call right now.
“Good. Finally.”
Mate.
Castiel asked hesitantly.
Castiel heard a loud clack – and realised too late that he had dropped his mug.
“Yes, thank you. And you?”
Castiel had a feeling that, now that he was awake, he should dis-entangle so they would not be in this precarious position when the alpha woke up. But he just did not want to. It felt so good, lying here with Dean’s arms around him, and his wonderful scent embracing him. And Castiel was drowsy enough not to overthink his actions. So instead of pulling away, Castiel snuggled one arm around Dean as well and closed his eyes again. It could not hurt if he got another hour of sleep, could it. And then he felt the hand on his back move, stroking up and down. It felt nice, but Castiel did not dare breathe. Dean still seemed half asleep and Castiel did not want to do anything that might wake him up. He almost let out a little squeak though when Dean suddenly moved, rolling onto his back. But since he had his arms wound tightly around Castiel, and their legs were intertwined, instead of moving away, Castiel landed on top of his alpha, who was suddenly stroking over his side instead of his back. Now, this wasn’t so bad either. In this position, Dean’s neck was even more bared, a rare vulnerable position for an alpha, and Castiel could not resist. He scented unashamedly and let out a happy cooing sound. In response, a deep rumble vibrated through Dean’s chest. Castiel pulled back a little, startled by the sound. It was almost like a growl, yet completely different. Maybe like the short purr of a massive cat.
Dean seemed to notice Castiel grew absent-minded as he pulled back a little and looked down at him.
“Heaven, I’m in heaven. And my heart beats so I can hardly speak…”
“Go home, Castiel. Think about it.”
Rowena nodded. “He’s got a nice little tushie, that one. I miss seeing it.”
Until the conversation got a bit strained again.
“Dean!” Castiel breathed and the alpha raised a hand to his face. Then Dean tried to sit up. Somewhere, Castiel noticed that Eileen was calling in enhancement as well as an ambulance while she still held a gun to Lilith’s face. But he was more focused on Dean who swaggered and both Castiel and Sam helped him straighten up.
“You look beautiful, Cas.” Dean pecked Castiel on the lips and cupped his cheek.
At night, they had dinner again, but the atmosphere was subdued. Castiel imagined that he was not the only one who thought about how they would travel towards a war the next day. And as soon as the last dish was finished – it had been a humble meal of three courses – everyone returned to their rooms, even Gabriel, because they wanted to leave early in the morning.
“I don’t understand… didn’t Charlie and Kevin say there was something going on between Spock and the doctor? I mean, he is obviously in love with the Captain.”
“Oh, Lilith is out to get a few things form Kensington.” Castiel frowned. He didn’t think he had ever heard Alastair using the first name of his mate before. “She’ll take a while, don’t worry. You’ll be safe at home with your mate before she returns.”
Castiel now was left alone in a tent, with Donna and Jack sleeping in the other one nearby. Cesar and Jesse set up their sleeping place a bit further away, near enough to hear them if they shouted, but far enough away to grant Castiel the appearance of privacy.
The two men left and Castiel helped Gabriel, who had been uncharacteristically quiet throughout the last hour, with the dishes. His brother had tried to wave Castiel off to go to the living room and relax, but the omega needed to do something.
area. Some of the comments Castiel had overheard also indicated that Dean had not been anything near celibate in the past.
After a moment’s hesitation, Dean at least reacted to the first request and sat down next to Castiel.
found her.”
Castiel scoffed. Safe from what? Their friendly neighbour who had been nothing but kind to him?
Dean, however, took the situation stoically. Whenever Castiel glanced at his alpha, Dean tried (and failed) to put on an intrigued expression – the omega was so endeared by this behaviour that he didn’t even feel guilty about it.
“Could it be … could it be that Benny misinterpreted the situation? When he saw you and Bela at your room… maybe he thought you had encouraged her. And you said you were frustrated. Maybe he thought you were angry at him for interrupting.”
“Gordon. What a surprise to see you here. What could have possibly made you visit Mr Ishim?”
Castiel liked both Gabriel and Balthazar – but together, they were an explosive combination. The last time they had been in the same room he had hardly noticed what the movie-of-the-day was about since both men had been trying to trump each other with witty remarks and snarky jokes.
“He didn’t want him.” Castiel felt tears run down his face, sudden and hot, and he did not struggle as Dean pulled him into his arms again. “We’ve been in a relationship for almost two years, when… I suddenly got pregnant. I have been nervous to tell Luce, but, to be honest, I expected he would be a bit shocked, but then he would tell me how it would all work out. I did
Dean looked at Bobby and Sam in turn, and again Castiel had no idea what was going on. But he did notice that the thoughts of the beta and the omega seemed to have deep impact on Dean. When he had first come in with Gordon, Dean had seemed like the epitome of an imperious leader, but in this small group, it was hard to say, who had most authority. But it was Dean who finally spoke.
“It’s just… they are all out there, knowing I’m in heat. They’re probably thinking I’m a mindless pool of slick by now. Not able to think about anything other than having a cock in me. Maybe you should go out and help them. Act like I’m just taking a nap.”
“Like what?”
“Honestly, Castiel you are our only hope to get him to come,” Sam said.
Abaddon looked at him like she tried to figure out if he was telling the truth, while Castiel tried to look like he absolutely was. Then she shrugged.
Castiel finally managed to speak again. Unfortunately, his first words were: “I am not a baby anymore.” He could have slapped himself for the childish remark, but simply went on: “And it was
Naomi and Uriel looked at each other, perplexed. It was clear that neither of them wanted to miss this opportunity of associating with the influential alpha. Not to mention that technically Castiel was too low in the company ranking to have a one-on-one with such an important client. If they had been expecting the CEO instead of Mr. Crowley, no one would have even considered inviting the omega.
“Hello, Lilith, Alastair. This is Castiel,” Dean introduced in a neutral tone.
Hi, everyone. :) Just so you know – after this one, there will be 2 more chapters + 1 epilogue. And I’m afraid I have to stick with the updates-only-on-Thursdays-schedule till the end. So, definitely no more Mondays (in case anyone was wondering). :(
“I am sorry, I don’t mean to pry, but don’t wait until it is too late.”
Castiel had decided to wear brown trousers and a bright blue tunic with artful embroideries. But when he saw Alfie at their appointed meeting place in front of the Council Hall – the young omega was just out of heat, but still smelled a bit sweeter than usual – Castiel’s jaw dropped. Alfie was wearing a mauve-coloured dress with a crest of purple flowers in his short hair.
At least they had the decency to look embarrassed.
“Oh, we will,” Eileen said and then a wide grin showed on her face: “Maybe next time, I’ll tell you about Sleeping Beauty since you seemed to have enjoyed Snow White so much.”
“Does not mean I’m blind to a handsome beta like yourself.” Gabriel winked at Sam. “Who knows, in another life, you and I might have made quite a match.”
(Btw, that character also sang that song in an spn-episode. ;-)
His filthy grin widened even more, making the alpha look like he was about to eat Castiel rather than smiling.
All Castiel could get out was a “Hello. Nice to meet you.” Accompanied by the attempt at a smile.
“Now you’re making me sound like some dirty little secret of yours.” Dean waggled his eyebrows.
Dean set a quick pace and Castiel had trouble keeping up. On their way upstairs, they stumbled over Garth, whom Dean just gripped harshly. The beta beamed at Castiel and opened his mouth, but Dean was faster.
me to claim you.”
And Castiel had always liked it. Which was strange since, with Uriel, the only other noteworthy boyfriend in his life, he had always felt like a tagged property – on the very few occasions he had allowed him to mark Castiel.
“Well, we would not turn down any military support, sure. But the thing is, the rebels are far more than a handful of outlaws, as I am sure you know.” Gabriel raised an eyebrow at Dean, who shrugged. “Come on, you know who I am but not about the rest? Hardly believable. You know we have a chance. But once we succeed, once Michael and Lucifer are gone, we need someone else on the throne.”
And then Gordon Walker jumped up and towards Castiel, teeth bared and a loud snarl coming from his chest. Dean leaped between the two men, still cuffed, but willing to defend his mate. His heroism was not necessary however, because the alpha didn’t make it very far. Jody had yanked Gordon down to the floor, where he lied on his belly as the Captain cuffed his hands on his back.
“Even though we are nearly in the forest, dad! I mean, there is no one we could disturb for miles! We played hide-and-seek while Dean tried to break into the storage room, but then we all had to go home anyway.”
Castiel made his way to the bedroom, undressed, slipped under the covers and waited for the alpha.
on the kitchen table for hours. Or Jack wanted to do an experiment from one of his many books – with Dean having some difficulties to explain how
Thank you so much for your kudos and comments - both make me very happy :-D
pack, Cas?”
“Because… the man needs to find some work. And that was the first place I could think of.” He shrugged, but Castiel kept staring at him, so Dean added truthfully: “And I did not want to keep them around. I feared I might change my mind about not listening to my alpha.” Dean cleared his throat again and changed the subject abruptly. To something that he knew might upset Castiel even further. “And I fear we won’t make it over the border today, Cas. It’s about another three hours and it might turn dark before we get that far. And this is a good place to rest. Maybe we should just get a good night’s sleep. Hope there won’t be any more problems waiting for us tomorrow.”
“Hey, Cas.” The alpha flashed a smile that had his eyes crinkle – and made him look even more attractive than before. “You feeling better?”
be looking for a mate, or at the very least a quick lay. So Castiel was more than a little bit envious of Sam, who refused to hide his nature. But on the other hand, Castiel was not a giant. He assumed it helped if you looked like you could take even the toughest-looking alphas in a fight. He also assumed it helped to be in a serious relationship with one. Rumour had it that Sam might get mated any day now; he already smelled like Eileen Leahy constantly. And Dean seemed to be happy with his brother’s choice – Castiel had seen all three of them getting lunch together often enough.
Castiel sat down on a chair, opposite from Jack on the bed. There was obviously something troubling the young alpha.
said? Are you sure, Dean?” Castiel cocked his head to the side and looked at Dean like he might be insane.
“And we are not mated either.” She pulled her hair back and Castiel could see she had only a faint mark on her neck, one that was obviously a couple of days old. Not an irrevocable claim, just a bite. Like Castiel had on his neck. “I am a Private Detective. Crowley hired me to look into the case, since the police don’t seem to get anywhere.”
“Good. Then there should be no problem of me being suddenly impoverished. You could actually not do that since quite a bit of money lies in my business. And to that you have no admission, sorry. I would be grateful though, if you were to at least consult me before you go and buy something as big as a yacht.” Dean winked and it was obvious that for him the discussion was over.
His eyes focused on Dean’s lips. And then Castiel leaned down and kissed the alpha.
“Sometimes it sure feels like that,” Henriksen coughed out, receiving a dark look from Dean.
“Should I call for a bath?” Dean still didn’t look happy.
After the two betas had left the room – still quite startled – Dean took his tablet and looked inquiringly at Castiel: “Shall we start?”
Castiel was so lost in thought, Sam’s next words felt like a bucket of ice water: “And then Lucifer decided to take over Bobby’s pack.”
And tomorrow, he would get married.
Castiel loved all three pups of Sam – but this night, it seemed like all three of them had agreed to act up. Petra, the oldest, kept insisting that she wanted to sit on Dean’s lap or at the very least share a chair with him. In the end, the alpha was squeezed in on a small bench between Petra and Eileen who had a toddler on her own lap. The beta had at first – very insistently – suggested that Castiel sat on Dean’s other side instead of her – but the omega needed to look after the food and a chair was easier to get up from. Any time Castiel did manage to sit down, Robert, the second oldest, asked him all kinds of weird questions that usually started with “why”. Alba, sitting on Eileen’s lap was currently teething, and cried half of the time. It also meant that Eileen had to get up every five minutes to try and calm her down by slowly rocking her as she walked around the room.
Castiel could hear Charlie giggle, and even Sam let out a short laugh.
me? As your brother, he will probably want the best mate for you. And I am not nearly pretty enough and I’m kind of old and …
He wanted to hunt something.
. You both have the whole weekend off, so no need to do anything… rash?”
“Yeah, to Dean this whole secondary gender thing isn’t all that important. Then again, he is an alpha so he never had to deal with the downsides of gender typification.” Sam shrugged. “But that doesn’t mean that he hadn’t made a big deal about it in the past. And sometimes, I was really pissed at him.” Castiel looked up in query.
“Embarrassing?” Dean repeated and Castiel could tell that he had just involuntarily hurt the alpha. “Cas, this is not embarrassing. A True Heat is a blessing. It is something to be celebrated.”
Rogers pulled Dean a few steps to the side with a rough hand, snarling: “You don’t have any say in this, Winchester, you should worry about your own fate.”
“No, sorry, no Grim Reapers lurking in the dark or anything of the like.”
Castiel watched Dean’s expression closely. He seemed honest. He also seemed to suffer from the great burden of having to watch out for so many people who trusted him to keep them safe. But taking the silver bracelet off Castiel was a huge show of trust in turn.
The two women stood on either side of Samuel, both of them petite with long red hair. But with all the resemblance, they seemed nothing alike. One of them smiled and appeared to be cheery and curious, the other one glanced around with a displeased expression, like she had expected more from their reception.
Too late for that now.
Dean turned around and walked through the door, not bothering to check if the omega was following him.
Without another second of hesitation, Anna attacked. She took the other alpha by surprise and lunged straight at his throat. But of course, his comrades did not content themselves to simply watch, and they pounced on Anna, dragging her off their leader and making the female alpha wince in pain.
. But you know, he is an omega, and thus, his purpose is to bear children to whatever asshole the palace guards wanted to give him to.” Despite his harsh words, Dean chuckled, like he remembered something funny. “He’s smart, though, and resourceful.” There was another pause and Dean seemed to struggle to find the right words. “It was around the time when Sammy had his first heat that I started to look at things differently. He was so --- disappointed. You know, male omegas are rare. And we trained together all our lives, Mom even made sure we learned to read and write and stuff with Bobby, another family friend. And then suddenly Sammy was supposed to stop all that and become the mate of some alpha.” Dean let out a little growl. “Even dad treated him differently after he had presented. Which resulted in a lot of arguments between my parents. All my life, they had been the happiest mated couple one can imagine – and suddenly they fought all the time. Mom even talked about moving, about finding a different place for us to live, where we could all do what we wanted. She had heard stories about other kingdoms where there were no strict units, and even the commoners had other options than simply do whatever their parents did. I was seventeen at the time, and I had never before noticed that Mom was unhappy. She was an omega too, and as much as she loved us, I believe she would have liked to be a hunter herself. And not just a carpenter’s wife. She
He was contemplating to give Alastair a snarky remark about how he preferred his mate’s knot, but he thought he should not antagonise him so fast. The omega in front of him could be unpredictable. Castiel decided that stalling might be his best option.
“Why a goat?”
Castiel felt the revulsion tighten his throat, thinking about how Alastair might have watched him and Dean. And even more so at the thought of what Alastair was planning to do to him. Judging from the light hold on him, Castiel assumed that the other omega obviously thought Castiel was still too weak – or maybe just too scared – to do anything, and he decided to use the momentum of surprise as long as he had it on his side. He tried to use his fear as much as his anger to make his body follow his orders.
Castiel rushed down the corridor, feeling more like dancing than walking, when there was suddenly a firm hand on his arm and he was forcefully pulled to the side.
“Just seven weeks.”
.  Castiel rolled on his back and revelled in his lightheaded state of mind. Those were not names he was used to during heat. Or any other time, really. He had also not known that sex could actually be
Or Castiel ended up marrying whichever nobleman would help the rebels’ cause after all.
And he shared a name with the man Michael wanted him to mate.
. A whole truck load of cinnamon rolls could not compensate for that. I don’t want to get used to spending two nights of every week alone in this ridiculous bed we have!”
Dean still seemed genuinely intrigued – he looked a little bit like he was already taking mental notes. The concentrated look was almost endearing. Castiel on the other hand was no less interested – he had not known there could be certain actions to
Four wolves were trotting towards the gate of the castle – Castiel recognised Dean and Benny. If he had to guess, the other two were Sam and Dorothy.
“Hey, Cas. What’s up?” Dean pulled back a little. “Have I hurt you?”
When Castiel told him how they had then decided to seek Loki out in a small group, Gabriel seemed impressed by their journey. Castiel had to admit he was impressed himself. The only thing he had left out of his narration was the unfortunate incident of his heat. It was not important for their mission – and he could well live without either Meg’s or Gabriel’s jokes. Especially when he would have added Dean’s rut to the story. Or maybe Gabriel would just get back to threatening Dean at that part. Castiel wished he knew what his uncle thought about the two of them. Meg seemingly had not told him about the compromising position she had found the rebel and the omega in – Gabriel would not have been able to leave that uncommented – but it dishevelled Castiel somewhat that his uncle had not once asked about their relationship.
Benny once tried to chip in with a comment – but a subtle hand on his forearm from Bobby and a barely noticeable shake of the head from Dean held him back. The next time, Benny showed any indication to say something, Dean mumbled under his breath: “It’s not worth it, man. There is no way you come out of this unharmed. No matter what it is you want to say.”
Castiel groaned. Maybe their situation was not as bad as he had feared. He suddenly wished the ground would open up and swallow him though. But he managed to raise his body to a more dignified position, put a hand on Dean’s unwounded shoulder in a gesture he hoped was reassuring and looked at the female leader of their invaders.
It was just an ordinary day, no sign that his life would be turned upside down in a minute – it rained outside, not much, but enough to have everyone look for places indoors instead of taking a coffee outside and sit in the park or take a swim. Castiel had finished work early – like every Wednesday since he had moved to the city of Lemhar only two months ago – and wanted to sit in his new favourite coffee house. He wouldn’t have needed it to be vegan (he´d only fully realised that on his third visit) – but the coffee was good, the location nice and with the constant buzz of the other patrons around, Castiel felt like he was
Michael died, he would even be the legitimate heir to the throne. No matter if he said he didn’t want to rule – he could still claim his birthright.” Suddenly, the idea did not sound quite as stupid to Castiel. “I have not seen him in years, but I remember him well. He sometimes even writes me – I’m the only one in our family he keeps in touch with. He is not as cruel as Michael, and he does not really want to rule. He thinks it’s too exhausting. Maybe we could persuade him, though. He might even enjoy acting as a staged king while we work on a new form of government.”
“I think you underestimate yourself, Dean. You seem to have done a good job with hundreds of rebels so far. I believe you could be a good king.” Castiel bit his lips, embarrassed by his own words.
Chapter FOURTEEN
Before they parted, Dean wondered: “One more thing. You said you didn’t tell the police yet. But surely they must have asked you in for interrogation. With the two phone calls right before and after the death, and all that.”
Castiel raised his eyebrows in disbelief.
Naturally, Dean lived in an impressive building – a parking space would probably cost more than Castiel could ever afford. The omega had done in-depth research on WinSec before he started on the project at work. He knew that the company, though not one of the biggest in numbers of personnel, had an outstanding reputation among well-to-do clientele.
After a long while, the omega stopped for a moment in his narration, realising how many non-stupid sentences he had said to Dean today. Talking to the alpha turned out to be quite easy once he had opened up.
Castiel could just stare at his uncle, who still seemed oblivious to his people’s suffering. Or maybe he just did not care. Which was, if nothing else, stupid. As far as Castiel was informed, the number of rebels increased with every day, so much so that they might be about to start a grand revolution against the nobility – with most of the commoners on their side rather than Michael’s. And it would certainly not placate them in any form if the whole palace celebrated the king’s anniversary with tons of food and expensive wine, while their people hardly had enough to feed their own families. Castiel cautiously tried to reason with Michael, and ignored his own looming wedding, because he knew it was dangerous enough to contradict Michael on
“Oh, thank you very much,” Castiel pouted.
Meekly, Jack nodded.
“Dean,” Jody said in a very serious voice. “I’ll have to ask you to get dressed and follow us to the police station.” She swallowed and then looked Dean straight in the eyes: “You are under arrest.”
He threw his head back and howled at the moon that already shone prominently at the sky, and the whole pack joined in. Like it was their cue, the wolves started to run, some in small groups, others only in pairs. Claire led Alex, Kevin and Pamela with an eagerly raised tail; Jody followed them warily with Sam. They would probably
But Castiel didn’t care about that right now – he still hoped that Dean would accompany him home shortly – he just looked at Gordon who still had a crazy smile plastered on his face. During the whole conversation between Benny, Bela and Gordon, he had listened with interest, but Castiel had also just waited for his chance to tell the crowd what had irritated him. He felt his phone vibrate in his pocked, but ignored it. He had more important things to do now.
it would ever happen to anyone, it might very well be him.
This story will be about 14 chapters long, with roughly 60k words in total. I have already written a complete first draft and only need to edit bits and pieces. I plan to update once or twice a week (depending on how much time I find).
Winchester had sounded a lot more agreeable when Gabriel had talked about the place than what Michael and Uriel had had to offer about the people. Moreover, Castiel would be allowed to make a choice – and Alpha Samuel had not sounded too awful.
If they cleaned the room up a bit, it might be enough for a nursery – but it would probably be too small if they had more than one child.
He picked it up, focused to not even remotely turn towards Dean who was still splashing in the water. Castiel tried to figure out how he could hand the towel to the alpha without really looking at him. Of course, he hesitated long enough for this to turn into a really awkward situation.
“You know, if he wakes up, it’s still your turn,” Castiel grumbled.
Since he could not answer in any other form, Castiel shoved his cold nose against Dean’s hand and stood. He trotted slowly out of his room, convinced the alpha would follow.
“You seem awfully chipper, Winchester,” Gordon snarled. “All right, I helped Mr Ishim to keep his painting
seen Dean before, right?” Her tone was dangerous – like she was searching for something to make him squirm.
“This is nice,” Castiel murmured. For the first time that day, he felt safe, and he had no intention of ever going anywhere else again.
“But you all seemed to think that I belonged to Dean already.” Castiel pointed one finger at Meg. “You even said so on different occasions!”
Dean slowly retreated to the side and made room, but still looked suspicious. Charlie slowly approached. She surprised both Castiel and Dean as she turned into human form and pulled a blanked from the bed to cover herself, probably more for Castiel’s benefit than herself.
I hope you don’t mind some Castiel&Sam-bonding-time – because that is basically all that’s happening in this one. ;-)
“Meg, back inside,” Crowley bit out to his mate, and Castiel felt bad for her as she hurried towards her home. Her pose indicated she expected to be punished for her mistake. Castiel wanted to say something to calm the situation, but he had to stick to his role, no matter how much he disliked it. And Dean did not look like he was about to make excuses for her – instead, he was showing all the growly possessiveness Rowena had taught him. But it seemed pretty convincing, and not for the first time did Castiel wonder how much of Dean’s behaviour in public was an act.
Like the day before, Dean was the first one to load a plate full – this time, it was mostly venison – and handed it to Castiel. Unlike last night, however, no one seemed to take special notice of the act, other than that everyone started to pick their food as soon as Castiel had accepted the plate.
He had invited Dean to dinner – and the alpha had agreed.
Hello, lovelies. This is the last chapter of my little story. Have fun! (I hope.) :-D
A knock on the door ripped him from his thoughts and reminded him of the fact that he had to worry about himself as well. He was with the Winchester pack now – a pack that had been attacked by his family in the past and would not be pleased to have an Angyal among them. Castiel was glad he had lied to the head alpha, who had captured him – unfortunately, it had not been a good lie.
“I didn’t think he would mind if I waited for another minute or two. I hoped I would be able to talk to you alone.”
Balthazar chuckled. “Pardon me, but you are a member of the royal family. You might be more altruistic than most of them, but I did not know I could trust you enough to give away our secrets. At least not yet.”
In any way, Castiel tried to avoid writing to the alpha directly – since it was both time- and nerve-consuming. He much preferred giving the information to Dean’s partner, Sam Winchester. Never before had Castiel heard of two detectives working together who were that closely related, and he was still confused they were allowed to do so, but maybe the remarkable detection rate of the brothers had something to do with the silent approval of their superiors.
Just this morning, Castiel had thought about running away. About starting a life of his own. But he had also wished for a pack. He remembered how lonely he had been during the months he was hiding. He remembered how he had craved a wolf for company and touch.
“He died, Dean. Uriel Garrison was found dead in his room in Peaceful Haven. And you are the last person who was seen with him.”
Since his own mind could not give him any answers, he tried to listen to the conversation next to him again, but he was still a bit dazed, and the whispers were very low. As far as he could make out, there seemed to be only two more people in the room, or maybe only two talked. And they both appeared to be nervous. Now, Castiel did not know whether it was a good sign or a bad sign for his kidnappers to be twitchy. It certainly made them less predictable.
“I’m not jealous,” Castiel grumbled out, while both of his hands had found their way to Dean’s perfect butt, and Castiel couldn’t stop them from giving a little squeeze.
“No. This is a chance too good to waste,” Crowley said. “He will try again anyway. At least, this way we know exactly what’s coming.”
.” Judging from the strange emphasis, Castiel assumed there was something going on that he did not quite understand.
Dean looked Castiel over from head to toe, in an eerie silence and with those scary eyes. When he seemed satisfied that Castiel looked unhurt, he turned his head to look at his brother. Only now did Castiel realise that Dean had not come alone. Jody was already kneeling at Sam’s side, and Donna was standing by the unhinged front door, own gun in hand.
And then he saw him.
Dean slowly walked towards him and laid a palm to his cheek. “Tell me, Cas. What upset you so much?”
because of his lineage.”
Now it was Castiel’s turn to look at Dean in wonder. “I’m not, Dean. I mean… I don’t agree with all your decisions. But I can understand why you’re acting the way you do.”
It did not help that he would have to live in a place where omegas were not seen as equals. The Captain had given him a file about
be your choice, Cassie.” The alpha suddenly looked uncharacteristically serious. “No matter what I say, or what Michael wants,
Castiel was glad that it was only Anna who came, and not Gabriel or Balthazar – or that Lady Rowena. This would be a lot easier and faster with her. She was loyal to him, as well as respected by the Guard. And she did not waste his time with useless quips in a moment like this.
“Hey, Alfie. You want to join us?”
Confused by the shock on Castiel’s face, Dean stepped back again. “You want me to leave, Cas?”
is your typical old-fashioned community. They are not like some of the more extremist groups like we have out in Madison or Franklin. But it is all very white-picket-fence where the alpha brings in the money while the omega stays at the house and thinks about ways to please their mates after they come home from a hard day at work.” Again, her voice betrayed how she felt about this.  “Now, since Kensington is in our state, we strangely are the first in line to send in a pair. However, we – like most departments – are short-handed in options. On the one hand, we need a dominant alpha, which should be easy enough to find in this line of work. But we also need a male omega.”
Balthazar squeezed Castiel’s shoulder and stepped away from him. But when he reached the door, he stopped again.
Dean hesitated for a moment – and Castiel was sure he would decline, judging from the almost horrified look on his face – but then said: “I don’t know. Do
Dean raised an eyebrow. “What makes you think I have one?”
This time it was Castiel’s turn to grab Dean’s arm. Like he had hoped, the alpha immediately looked down at him and broke eye contact with Meg. He even stopped his growling.
“How are you feeling?” It was a rare question, coming from Dean.
He heard another painful scream from Anna and saw the deep bitemark on her throat. It didn’t take anything else for him to make a decision. He pounced on the battling wolves again and bit the black leader in one of his legs. Hard.
Dean studied Balthazar, who had his head tipped to the side, and Castiel knew the alpha well enough by now to realise he was silently impressed with his friend.
“I smelled them.” Dean interrupted him, still not meeting his eyes. “I just came from Cain’s and had already texted Jody on the way. Then… at the front door, I smelled … sulphur. Like Lilith. And Alastair.” He took a deep breath. “I didn’t… Cas, I didn’t believe it was both of them, or that they had already drugged you. But I thought something was … fishy. So I turned around and asked Cain if he could wait for me for half an hour – that would be enough time to find out what was going on, maybe even lure a confession out of them. If I wouldn’t return by then, he should drive out of town and find a giant in a car. Send him in. I even told him we were detectives.” He looked up and met Cain’s gaze. “Thank you.”
“So, Dean, I hear you have information about Gordon Walker?” Victor asked after a while, when everyone had calmed down a bit. “You have worked with him in the past, Benny told me.”
How would this kingless future look like?
Inviting Lilith and Alastair had been a bit of a discussion as well – since Dean proclaimed the murderer would hardly be a woman. And even though Castiel was inclined to agree – she would have to secure two men at the same time, and the omega had been raped before he died – he did not want to eliminate her completely. Strength could often be balanced with cleverness. And the alphas had been drugged, at least in two cases. There was also that large dildo collection Castiel could not stop thinking about – maybe the victims had been penetrated with an artificial cock. Of course, there was also the possibility of two murderers working together – and Lilith and Lucifer seemed to be surprisingly close. Castiel had told Dean as much.
“How are you Jack?”
During dinner, Castiel had learned that everyone who had been on guard duty this morning, both at the town wall as well as the Castle gate, was degraded to clean chamber pots and the like for the next month. That might explain some of the hostile glances Anna and Balthazar received, especially by Ishim and Mirabel. Jesse, on the other hand, looked like he thought he deserved much worse and seemed devastated at his own negligence.
Dean snorted. “You know that this is just bullshit by now, don’t you? I mean, the last time someone came into my home and tried to stare me down on our first meeting has been a long time ago. Twas probably Crowley.” Castiel blushed and Dean took his hand, not wanting him to feel embarrassed. “And unlike with most other folks, my wolf liked that very much. You’re strong. You should be, as an Alpha’s Mate.” At those words, Castiel’s face turned an even deeper shade of red, and Dean changed the subject again, retrieving his hand. “You can also shift easier as an omega, back and forth like it’s nothing. For alphas, it’s always a tough thing to do. And betas have an even harder time. So that is just another point for you omegas.”
Dean blinked a few times, then: “Oh. Yes. Of course.” He stepped back, and rapidly ran his fingers through his hair. Castiel hastily walked to the next mirror – and to his utter horror, he looked exactly how he felt: Like someone who had just enjoyed the kiss of his life. Dean was doing marginally better, at least he did not look as flushed and his hair was relatively in order, so he let the alpha open the door while Castiel hurried to the next bathroom and splashed cold water into his face. It helped, a bit. He then hurried to the kitchen and opened the oven, hoping the lasagne was ready. But the smell of the food would at least overpower any other scents that might linger in the house.
Chapter SEVEN
never did. You moved here way too late for example.” True – and one of the reasons Castiel had never suspected the Crowleys, no matter how strange they had behaved at times. “But Crowley wanted me to watch you two closely. He thought there was something strange about you. You did not seem to be the type to fit in here. A little bit like Billy, but with even less reason.”
Goddess, he
They walked up some stone stairs and entered a building in a sudden change of scent. The forest had its own smells, as well as the crowded area around the border had – but here, the air was completely clear, almost sterile. Dean sled Castiel down from his shoulder so that he was now carrying him in his arms, like a child. Or a bride. Castiel jumped at the chance and buried his nose in Dean’s neck, eyes closed and purring a little.
His phone sang
Anger rose in Gordon’s eyes again, but he tried to look like he had no idea what Dean was talking about – Castiel didn’t have to try; he was honestly confused. The two alphas kept staring at each other, low growls escaping their throats. Castiel felt like he was left out of a silent conversation, and not only because of the alpha posturing.
“You see, in the long run, we want the
Dean blinked at him a full minute. “Cas, that is not what happened, and no one will think about it like that. Like I said before, a True Heat is considered a wonderful thing.” Dean looked so serious, and Castiel did not know what to do. It obviously seemed important to Dean, so he opened his mouth to tell him he would think about it, but Dean kissed him quickly on the lips. “We will do as you said. We will tell my father that you unfortunately started a heat, a common uneventful heat, while we were out in the wild, and I brought you here to have Rowena help you.” Dean still looked a little subdued, but then he smiled, and this time it was honest. “And maybe, someday, you will feel comfortable to tell our people. When you are used to our customs. Maybe you will tell our grandchildren about our adventures and then they will gasp at the incredible romance when you mention your True Heat. And that you instantly fell for the dashing alpha that helped you fight against the dangerous wisent that tried to kill you.”
Chapter SIXTEEN
Well, Castiel guessed he should be glad he only had to
Castiel nodded, teary smile still plastered on his face.
. Seriously, the day you arrive, you will have to ask them for a cup of hot chocolate. It will make all your troubles go away.”
“And once we find a buyer, we’ll move to the city. Billy’s really excited about it.” Tessa chuckled. “When I told her I was finally ready to sell the home I grew up in, she even hurried over to Lilith’s to ask her for advice.”
Castiel just blinked.
Dean waited for a stab of jealousy when his father mentioned Castiel’s choice, but it did not come. He knew Castiel was his; the omega would not suddenly change his mind. He did not want Sam, the sensitive giant. It did not matter if Dean had to wait a little longer.
“What happened?”
Just as Castiel made to cuddle into Dean’s side again, the alpha suddenly let out a deep growl, and Castiel shrank back on instinct. Dean looked --- murderous. And for the first time, his scent was not at all calming. It reminded Castiel of an oncoming thunderstorm.
. (The fact that Dean had then spent the next two days cleaning the Impala was secondary. The important thing was how he had reacted to the white-faced Jack at the time. The boy had certainly not expected Dean to treat him so gently.) Castiel did not want to imagine what Lucifer would have done had his son vomited all over his most prized possession.
“Hey, in an honest fight, I’ll face you anything. But old ladies, they are sneaky. And all you’re allowed to do is smile and nod. It’s just not fair”
“Exactly. I have been working with mated omegas and alphas for a couple of years now – and I can tell you, that I am positive about this theory. More importantly, Castiel, my brother is inherently programmed to protect. He is convinced he is responsible for everyone he considers part of his pack. And as his mate, believe me, he is gonna be fixated to see you safe and healthy and happy. He is bonded to you now and he won’t take that lightly.”
Ketch was there, looking uncomfortably to the ground. Castiel remembered that no one was supposed to come up here unless it was an emergency. Suddenly, he was very nervous.
Castiel looked at the door in shock. Had he pulled at Dean? Of course he had. And now the Alpha was right outside his door. He wasn’t able to reply, lost for words and still looking for an excuse.
Finally, Castiel reached up behind himself and Dean let out a loud moan, knowing fully well what Castiel was doing. A second later, the omega’s hands were covered in his slick and he then slowly moved them up and down Dean’s hard cock. This time, Castiel let out a little moan of himself, enjoying the feel beneath his hands and the look on Dean’s face. The alpha slowly moved his hips up into Castiel’s hands and the little growl he let out told Castiel that at least the alpha was getting impatient. He smirked at Dean’s hands that had balled into fists, knowing how hard it was for the alpha to still not touch his partner, but at the same time Castiel could see how much he enjoyed all the gentle touches and the way Castiel took care of him. It was usually Dean who had the more active part in their lovemaking, while Castiel needed to be coaxed out of his shell a bit, still blushing sometimes like he had on their first night together. At least he did not worry anymore if he was attractive enough or if he was doing something wrong. Castiel had come to know what Dean liked just as much as the alpha knew how to get his partner over the edge with just a few simple touches.
With one last deep breath Meg ended her monologue. “If you follow my recommendations, you should have an easy transition into your new life. Again, I propose you start by bringing Castiel to your place today and meet with your closest friends and family in the near future. If you have any omegas in your close circle – they would be a good start.” She stood, took a book from the shelf and handed it to Dean. “In this you can find some scientific approach to the bond between an alpha and omega. I would also like to make an appointment for you, Castiel, in about two weeks. To check up on you and your health.” There was a slight edge to her voice but Dean either didn’t notice or didn’t care.
“Yeah, we all know he can go a bit overboard. Just look at what happened to Ruby.” As ominous as that sounded, Alex just grinned at Claire. “Not that I blame him. And we have all been taught about over-protective alphas in school.”
“Sure. That bitch called you a
There was some movement on the other side of the couch and Jack somehow managed to snuggle between the two adults, making Castiel chuckle and Dean groan as a knee hit his thigh.
Dean slowly walked up towards him, so he was standing close in front of Castiel again. The omega noticed the other man smelled really good. Like,
“Oh, no. That would be wrong. I just want to meet my friend
“My lords,” Castiel bowed – and could practically hear Michael’s eyebrow rising for the hundredth time in the past seven years. As an omega, it was expected of him to curtsy, but he had never felt comfortable with that gesture. So even after he had presented, he kept bowing to people. He glanced at his favourite brother for a second, and sure enough, Gabriel had an encouraging smirk on his face.
“What?” Castiel blinked.
“I mean it. I promise.” Then he added, because he hoped this would convince the alpha: “It would only get
“Three.” Jack’s frown deepened to a grimace that looked strange on a child. “I am almost ten now. You never wanted to spend a birthday with me before. And I already have plans. Dean and dad wanted to take me and my friends to the medieval tournament. I already have a sword.”
But nonetheless, Castiel was still surprised at his own boldness when he heard himself ask:
Dean and Gabriel strode inside and walked directly to the Council Hall, followed by Sam and Ellen. Jody, Benny, and Meg stayed behind while Castiel, Anna and – after a soft nudge from the female alpha – Balthazar joined the two pack alphas.
All three men grinned at her back as she ran inside, and that little distraction seemed to have lightened the mood. At least Benny did not look too formal anymore.
“It is all right, really.” Castiel wished he could keep his blushing under control. “I’ve not been out that much since we moved here, and mostly in Dean’s company. And I feel quite comfortable in the house.”
“It’s delicious, Dean. Thank you.”
“Sleep now, babe. You can still argue with me when you feel more awake. Or when you have learned how to aim.”
“Yes. Very. And nervous.” Dean just raised an eyebrow. “What if I do anything wrong? I mean there is so much we have to consider…”
Castiel hesitantly followed Dean; and in the hall stood his Alpha, Sam, who had obviously just opened the door, and a young man Castiel had feared he would never see again.
“But even if he is telling the truth now, he might have, involuntarily, brought an old enemy to our gates.” Castiel felt hopeless again. It seemed like even Bobby was doubting him. He knew the alpha’s influence on Dean was almost as strong as Sam’s. The pack leader himself stayed surprisingly silent during this discussion, but he still held Castiel’s hand, so the omega did not feel too timid about it.
Ever since his first day, nearly two years ago, Castiel Novak had been in love with Dean Winchester.
“Jack,” Dean barked, and the young man sprang from his chair when he was addressed.
But that changed on the day when Michael, Gabriel and Castiel were formally accepted as pack members. Like it was tradition in most packs, the initiation ceremony included a scent marking ritual, performed by the Alpha. The three new members lied down in their wolf form in the middle of a circle formed by the rest of the pack. Dean first rubbed his head over Michael’s, marking him as one of his own with his scent, then he moved on to Gabriel. Castiel still remembered clearly how Dean then turned to him and rubbed his scent over Castiel’s head and back with a reassuring rumble. He thought it odd that up until this point, he had never realised how good Dean smelled. But at that moment, Castiel felt like rolling over to grant Dean access to every part of him, so he would be thoroughly marked by his new Alpha. As it was, Castiel did not expose his belly, but, almost equally embarrassing, he did tip his head to the side, exposing his vulnerable throat to Dean. A second later he felt a cold nose at his neck, tickling him a little. He hoped he only imagined his responding purr.
“I want to come buried inside you. Wouldn’t you rather want my knot in your hole, baby?” Castiel mewled loudly at that and let the alpha push him back onto the bed. He tried to turn around to present, but Dean pressed into him so all he could do was lie still. “Just like that, sweetheart. Don’t move.” With that order, all Castiel could do was lie back and enjoy the other man’s touches.
“No. He deserves to go to prison and then face a trial.”
“Oh, so you take pleasure from riling your brother up, but not from taking responsibility for your people?” Dean sounded as grim as he looked.
Wait ---
“Oh, Castiel, you know I can’t tell you anything. I wish I could.”
Thinking back on Alastair, remembering all the murder and death threats around them over the last weeks and months, Castiel sighed.
“Is there a problem, Dean?” Victor asked through clenched teeth.
“Hell, yeah, I want to hold a whole feast because of it.” Castiel’s eyes widened in horror. He had often enough heard alphas talk about how they would trigger a heat out of some needy omega. Now, the thought that anyone outside of this building might not only know about what happened to Castiel, but a hall full of people drinking to it, was just horrific. Dean obviously read his face, or his scent, and held up his hands. “No, Cas. Not unless you want it. I just… it’s usually done. On the rare occasions a True Heat happens. And I thought that we should share with our people how fortunate we are. But I won’t. It’s all right.”
“We heard you scream,” Claire said, and even thought it was dark and she was standing a few metres away, Castiel could swear he still saw her smirk. “We thought you were in trouble, but I guess you --- reconsidered.”
“Dean,” he said again, trying to persuade the alpha with just this one word. It seemed to work, because Dean let out a low rumble. Castiel rubbed his crotch over Dean’s midsection and was satisfied when he noticed the hardness of the alpha’s cock. Dean would not deny them both the pleasure.
some damage,” the alpha insisted. “Today, he almost got one of our best fighters killed. And don’t tell me that would not have hiccupped the pack order.”
And just like the omega had been taught was proper in such an occurrence, Castiel tipped his head to the side and laid his throat open to Benny.
Out of any other man’s mouth, those words might have sounded supportive – but John only seemed to believe it was another almost trivial responsibility Dean had to take on, and not a great achievement. The young alpha sighed and let himself fall onto the next chair. John finally turned towards him and looked undecided for a moment, like he was desperately trying to think about something nice to say. Dean quickly glanced at Sam, who only shrugged. They knew their father.
his son, just that Lucifer seems to believe it. He had a short affair with Jack’s mother, and the timing of his birth is right. Lucifer seemed to think it was true. And I always suspected that Jack’s Change was not completely coincidental. Lucifer said that he had been very sick before he Changed him – but I thought it might have as well been poison.”
“What do you make of it?”
, that voice told him.
Dinner with Cain turned out to be a lot more pleasant than either Dean or Castiel had anticipated. Surprisingly, most of the time the alphas had not shared war stories, but Cain had explained about his bees. A topic that Castiel found extremely interesting, and Cain suggested they should come over during daytime, so he could show Castiel his beehives.
. And Dean had still not made any attempt to claim Castiel as he was merely starting to lick his wounds again. Castiel felt grateful for the alpha’s presence. He was finally warm again, and he hurt much less than before.
Castiel and Uriel had been best friends growing up. They were cousins and about the same age; they had taken the same classes when they were still pups and, most importantly, they had trained together to become warriors of Veenah. Both had plans to become famous knights of the kingdom. Uriel had presented as an alpha when he had been fourteen, and ever since, his determination to exceed in battle had only grown. But Castiel had trained with the same iron determination. After two more years of joining the classes unpresented, he had accepted that he would turn into a beta. He was a bit disappointed to be honest, but since he was the king’s brother, he thought he might still be allowed to make a career in the army, even though he might never be as physically strong as some alphas. Strength was not the only thing that counted in combat, his teacher used to say.
He was convinced that Alex would take this as her cue to leave, but she simply nodded. When Castiel sat down, she looked at the cover of his book with an expression he couldn’t read.
Everyone at their table was staring at them, and in nervous tension, Castiel blurted out the first thing that came to his mind. “I especially enjoyed the venison.”
Dean straightened his shoulders. Being grumpy over the fact that Castiel did not want to tell anyone what they had shared with each other during the last few days was stupid – not that Dean would have wanted to tell anyone any details. Castiel had told him quite clearly that he wanted to marry him. That was good news. He should be happy.
The alpha occasionally halted and opened his mouth as if to say something, but no words came out. After the third attempt at speech, Castiel could not take it anymore.
– it sounded no less ludicrous than
Castiel took a deep breath to prevent himself from crying. But even so, a few single tears made their way down his face. For the last couple of days, both the uncertainty of his situation and his flip-flopping hormones had his emotions in a jumble. Dean stroked the tears away with his thump and kissed his omega on the forehead. Castiel turned his head to the side and breathed in deeply. Then he let out a happy sigh at his mate’s perfect scent.
But Dean’s body beside him had felt warm and solid and… comforting.
But he was soon ripped out of his happy bubble.
Castiel ducked his head. “But Benny is still out there, because of me. And you are worried, I can smell it. Don’t you hate me a little bit for that?”
“You really are like Sammy.”
Castiel flinched slightly at that. Dean’s
Behind him Anna screamed – Balthazar made no noise at all, and that had Castiel worry even more.
“It’s not your fault, Dean.” Castiel had not intended for Dean to blame himself. As someone who had never needed to find his way through strange wilderness before, the omega was impressed with how easily Dean had led them into the right direction, even if they had been a mile off. Besides, he really did not want to have anyone else for company. “And it’s not like we
The interaction between his mate and the boy made Castiel smile involuntarily. He was a bit surprised to see how easily Dean interacted with the child, hunkering down to bring himself to the same height, joking with an open grin.
“Sure. But Loki is small. Hardly more than a city. I have competent advisors who look after all those things I am not interested in. Like Meg oversees the soldiers, or Kali knows everything about legal matters. But rebuilding Niebo? That takes leaders who are prepared to overlook everything themselves, no matter how good your Council is. Leaders who care. It’s just too much work.” Castiel opened his mouth again, but Gabriel added: “Sorry, Castiel. But this is not negotiable. I will come with you. I will help you as much as I can. But after a few weeks, maybe months, when Niebo is in good hands, I will return home.”
kids?” Castiel asked, completely incredulous. He had never heard an – unmated! – alpha say something like that. Alphas might be interested in an offspring to their heritage or something stupid as that – but the emotional side of wanting kids was usually only expected of omegas.
Dean winked, and Castiel felt again like he had awoken in some strange, wonderful parallel universe.
him. Maybe he had not exactly fallen in love at first sight, but Dean had believed his chances weren’t that bad. Castiel had laughed at his jokes, and more than once had Dean caught him looking at him – he was very much sure that the omega had even stared at his ass for a while during their hike yesterday – not to mention that whenever they rested, Castiel had stayed close. Close enough to constantly breathe in his scent. But that obviously had to do more with the cold or the possibility of another attack than with any form of attraction. Or maybe the Veenahians had simply no sense of personal space. Either way, Dean had obviously just been imagining things.
He took off his coat and his shoes, walked to the living room and looked out the window, watching the sunset as the apartment turned dark.
“So you noticed me? I’m flattered you still remember my scent.” When Castiel did not reply, he explained: “I am here on business, the art deal was just a bonus. And when I walked back from a meeting on Monday night, imagine my surprise when I smelled you.” Uriel took in a deep breath and closed his eyes like he was savouring a good memory. “Delicious as ever.”
“You know, I liked that play,” Dean whispered to Castiel, for once sitting next to him instead of standing behind. “Maybe we could, you know, reenact it once we get home. In a more mature version.”
“Dean! There you are! About time.”
There was a long enough pause for Castiel to start worrying.
She unconsciously put a hand over her stomach and a painful grimace shadowed over her face. “Yes, you got me good, I grant you that. Which is why…” Abaddon suddenly patted her hand over Castiel’s side and took the dagger from him. He let out an unwanted sigh of defeat. It had been his best hope. “Wouldn’t want you to repeat your little stunt from before.” She let the dagger dangle in front of Castiel’s face before she put it behind her on the empty bench. “Now, how am I going to do this? Should I just kill you here and wait until Dean opens the door when the whole party is back at his castle – where everyone will be waiting in eagerness to meet the new prince, but will only find a dead body? If I am quick, I might be able to get a good slice at Dean as well. He won’t even see it coming.”
had been the one to find out about Lucifer’s plan in the first place. He had even supported Dean with the idea of finishing him off once and for all, even though he might have preferred to just ignore Lucifer and hope he would not try anything for the next decade or so.
“Well, more than we could have hoped for.” Balthazar lifted a hand, and for the first time, Castiel could see how crippled the fingers on his left hand were.
After a while, he claimed he had to prepare dinner before Dean would return home. At the door Meg, who had never been one for sentiment, hugged him tightly. She looked almost relieved – maybe she was glad she finally had someone to talk to. Castiel assumed her work was a lot lonelier than his.
Castiel made himself comfortable against Dean’s chest after the alpha had laid back down. His knot would not come down for at least fifteen minutes. And Castiel had no intention of being anywhere else right now. He was in the perfect position to scent Dean – and god, with a real knot and the smell of alpha around him, he had no idea how he had managed to survive the last seven years of heats.
Jack blinked. It seemed that Dean had achieved the impossible and rendered the kid speechless. Only his eyes were glinting suspiciously.
Castiel had been nearly bursting with questions about matings, but at this moment he was just happy for his friend and the omegas talked about Hannah’s morning sickness or Gadreel’s increased protectiveness.
“Yes. Uriel and I had been in a relationship, back when I lived in Arlington.” Castiel explained to Charlie in a surprisingly neutral tone. Then he turned to the alpha without really looking at him and tried to calm everyone, including himself, with blank civility: “Uriel, may I introduce you to Charlie Bradbury, she works with the tech department; Dean Winchester, a detective of the Greenville PD, and of course, you have already met Benny Lafitte. Everyone, this is Uriel Garrison.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What I and Sam have told you about how omegas are treated in my old pack, all that is true. As an omega of the Angyal family, I always knew that one day, I would be battered off to mate an alpha – without anyone asking for my consent.”
This time the scent was strong enough for him to recognise it. Damp wood in a fire. He used to think it was warm and welcoming – until he had noticed the stink beneath the warmth. It had been nearly four years since the last time he smelled it.
Then Dean reached out and the two men shook hands. “It is nice to meet you, Gabriel. Please, come in.”
Dean openly rolled his eyes when the conversation turned to
The brown alpha turned his head and observed Castiel for a moment – and the omega could only imagine how defeated he must have looked. Still flat on the ground, cuts everywhere, breathing heavily, eyes wide.
“Dean, please, sit down.”
Of course Lucifer wanted Jack to be an alpha. Aside from the fact that Castiel was convinced his son would turn out to be a beta or an omega, it chafed him that Lucifer still found such things important. It irked him even more that he somehow thought he could just get back to him now that he had seemingly some problems to father any other children. And it absolutely
“Hm… yeah, I remember that sound.”
“This could have been horrible, I know. You could have gotten claimed by a vicious alpha or simply someone who steals himself away from the responsibility while you had to suffer through claiming-abandonment. But your Dean was obviously ready to step up.
“Oh, an outing. That sounds great! Can I come with, Cas?”
As the alpha suddenly stopped, Castiel opened his eyes and looked directly into Dean’s smug face. Task accomplished: Little Jack was finally asleep. Two weeks ago, the alpha had confided to Castiel that nothing boosted his ego like making his son stop crying for a few hours. (Which Castiel thought was quite funny since Dean basically saved people from dying from drug overdose or smoke poisoning on a daily basis. But making Jack fall asleep was the thing he was most proud of.) Not that Jack cried all the time. But sometimes it sure felt that way. Especially when the two men wanted nothing more than a few moments alone with each other (or in Castiel´s case: sometimes, just a few moments alone – so he could take a shower, or simply sleep). Just an hour before, when Dean had come back from work, Castiel had been completely exhausted – and Dean had announced cockily he could make Jack fall asleep in just a minute’s time. It had taken at least thirty-six minutes. Not that Castiel was counting.
“For encouraging me to talk to Claire. I think you might have been right and it helps to just have someone who understands.”
Castiel decided he would best go with half the truth: “Just before you came, Dick Roman knocked at the door and proposed to Dean he could spend a nice weekend at his lodge if Dick can spend a nice weekend in my bed.” Sam’s eyes widened, but before he could say anything, Castiel added: “It is nothing, really. It just irritated us both. Then there is the Full Moon and Dean is…” Castiel searched for a word that would not have Sam worrying again “… over-protective.”
After Jody and Castiel had left the room, there was a long silence, but Dean could feel both Crowley and Sam watching him closely. Gods, why did he have to ask Crowley to come here in the first place?
“Cas… I … what happened last night…”
asked him, had he? Even though Castiel had been with child, the alpha had told him there was no future for them. At least not with a child in the mix. So what had changed his mind now?
Castiel took this as his cue to assault the alpha’s neck again. After he was satisfied with his work, Castiel pulled back and watched Dean watching him, searching for something in the alpha’s eyes again.
Dean sighed, and stopped. Garth and he were friends, but the lanky beta usually refused to talk to Dean by his given name when the messenger made any official errands. The fact that he did right now only meant he probably had something important so say.
Dean chuckled but sobered up quickly. “I am sorry I could not be there for you the last couple of days.”
Castiel sniffed slightly. Was the scent of Dean so strong on him? Well, probably.
Castiel nodded, then he slowly rolled on his back, and sat up. He immediately felt too hot and too cold at the same time. For some reason, Dean’s body seemed to have kept Castiel’s at the perfect temperature.
“She passed away half a year ago, and frankly, we are thinking about moving more towards the city,” Billy said with a frown on her face. Dean was surprisingly quiet; Castiel assumed it was the alpha’s turn to observe their surroundings.
“After you… after you distracted the two strongest alphas, we managed to fight off the rest.”
“And Claire… I met Claire first. She was involved in a case I worked on and when I met her, both her parents had just been murdered. They tried to put her in an orphanage and with foster parents, but she kept running away and I had to catch her various times – before she could join the mob or something like that. Finally, I introduced her to Jody and it worked out, sort of.”
Castiel shook his head no. “How did you…?”
They had already talked about most of those points yesterday. They would not have tried to convince Gabriel to act like king for the next few years without telling him all the details about their plans to have the people govern themselves in the future, as much as to show him they had hardly any other choice for an unchallenged successor of Michael. Or their chances in battle.
For the first time since Sam had started talking, his face showed a peaceful expression. Whenever Hannah had told Castiel about the moment her bond had been broken, there was a painful grimace on her face – but Sam only seemed serene.
With the support of the whole - well, nearly - Council, Castiel felt like he could manage to participate in official dinners again.
Castiel pushed his hips back a little, and Dean gave a surprised yip.
“Okay. Let’s mate then,” Dean said in a hoarse voice and with shining eyes.
Castiel could see Dean was about done, his movements speeding up, eyes still locked with the omega´s. Finally, the alpha shot his load into his own hand while the other was gripping at the base of his cock. Castiel felt like he could come again, just watching. He had not known that this could turn him on so much.
Balthazar laughed and Castiel tried to smile as well.
“Yes?” The voice sounded surprisingly chipper. Castiel could hardly mumble during heat.
They agreed, and Garth rushed away just as Crowley returned with Deanna. The alpha handed Jess the child he had thrown over his shoulder and excused himself as well. Castiel thought he heard Crowley mumble something about having to change his clothes again as he walked away. A moment later, Castiel noticed another alpha entering the empty hall and slowly approaching their table, and Jess suddenly seemed to be in a hurry to leave. She announced they should have fun – while she would try and tame the beast before Counsel. Jess left in the other direction than the new alpha was coming from, apparently not noticing him, and after short hesitation, the man just shrugged and returned where he had come from.
Castiel stared at his fellow omega – he knew he should probably thank him but could not bring himself to do so. Alfie did not seem to mind, he just kept grinning.
Castiel reached for his sister’s hand. It was cold, and he wondered how long she had been alone in the chilly air. He looked intently at her when he declared: “You could, too.”
An hour before dinner time, Ellen knocked at the door and offered to show them around the Castle. Castiel was relieved – he had not been sure whether or not he was allowed to do so. Dean had welcomed his friends as guests – but Castiel did not really know about protocol when it came to visitors.
“So this means you will be on heat duty every time it hits me. At least until Benny comes to his senses – then I don’t want you anywhere near me.”
Bela and Eileen had stopped talking and typing, both women were focused on the spectacle in the middle of the office, where Dean stood tense while Rogers put cuffs on him. Which seemed highly unnecessary inside a police station, but by the smug smile on his face, Rogers did it more for his own delight than necessity. Dean looked defeated, but any time his eyes shifted to Castiel, he twitched, like he contemplated to punch Rogers to the ground, grab his omega and just run away. Castiel saw Sam, slowly rising from his desk chair and walking up towards the group, looking as angry and disbelieving as Castiel felt. Jody and Donna looked torn, but the Captain did not even try to stop Rogers. Benny glanced at Gordon like he was bothered by something as well.
And Castiel sat back on his heels, determined to drink everything in. Dean was indeed beautiful. And that hardness between his legs made Castiel even more aroused just as much as it made him more nervous. Dean’s cock was quite bigger than Castiel’s and suddenly an old fear came back.
For the next forty-eight hours, Castiel hardly left Dean’s side for anything else than a short visit to the bathroom.
“But since he is a beta, you cannot easily challenge him. And to be honest, he did not offend
He could now understand what the books meant with
When Dean let go of his mouth again and licked a hot trail down the omega’s throat, Castiel breathed in deeply, letting his senses be filled with the mixed scent of slick and alpha arousal. He let out a quiet whimper and pushed his hips up unintentionally. The friction against Dean felt good – and the alpha obviously thought so as well as both men let out a moan at the same time. When Castiel tried again to rub his crotch against Dean’s, he felt the alpha’s hand wandering inside his pants and slowly stroking over Castiel’s backside. The omega froze for a second. Not from discomfort – but because he had only just realised what was about to happen and how he did not truly know what to expect. Well, technically, he did – but there was a huge difference between being taught the basics and actually doing it. It also did not help to remember how his governess had always advised him to
Dean took a step to the side “Okay, how about you wash and I towel.”
And all too soon, Anna and Balthazar had still not come to the point where they accidentally kidnapped Castiel, Dean came back, with his brother again following him like a silent shadow.
“Thank you, Dean. For bringing me here. I have been asking Gabriel for years to accompany me.”
“But did you sleep well?” Dean asked after a pause that had become long enough to be uncomfortable.
“If he had time to think about it, he would just find numerous excuses why this was not a good idea, or why you would be better off without him or how he might not live up to your expectations. Things like that.” Jody shrugged.
Castiel still felt like he should be relieved that Meg had interrupted what he might have done, but he did not. He was hardly a prince anymore. He was not in heat – and his reputation would be ruined now anyway, even if someone would still be interested in that. So he might as well have explored a little bit further.
But not only the humans were oddly nonchalant about the blood bath near their city; the Father of Wolves seemed even less bothered by it. Castiel knew that Dean had feared he would need to argue with Chuck for a long while about the near elimination of a whole pack, so everyone had been surprised when he had been satisfied with just a short summary over the phone. Dean had reported that he had sounded curt, even sad, but did not question him further. It was not like the Winchesters had broken any laws, but with one of the First dead, everyone had expected Chuck to treat this case with more care than any other fight. Because as fights go, it
Ten minutes later, Castiel noticed that his plan had not worked out.
Castiel marched to Dean’s horse, and then mounted it without anyone’s help. As he waited for Dean to join him he looked around their group. Charlie still looked white and got on her pony with a little help from Benny – who seemed in an oddly good mood. The rest of the Hunters were still speechless. They looked at the dead body, then at Dean, and finally at Castiel. The omega blushed a little; he had not considered that his little speech had an audience outside from Dean and Charlie. But there was some respect in their eyes when they glanced at the omega, and he assumed he might have not made the worst first impression. Dean barked some orders to a group of them – probably to take care of the body, and the carriage, but Castiel did not care. He just waited patiently for Dean to get behind him.
