Steve looks to the clock, it’s nearing ten, but he’s ready now.
“Yes, even Mr. Rogers and your teachers if you want.”
Tony isn’t often a scared man. He doesn’t contemplate running and hiding. But right now, he considers it. Not for the first time he’s wondering why he sent that email, what persuaded him to reach out to Natasha, to ask to see Peter again, to sign the paperwork becoming his official guardian. To start being a parent.
, with a
“You’re here early, honeybunches.” Tony mutters conspiratorially to Steve. Turning the music down with a gesture of his hand. “You that excited to see me?”
“I would be surprised to see you make it a week, Sir.”
“I’ll have to ask my manager…” The woman trails off, pout on her face clear as day as she grabs the phone and places a call.
“Of course, I knew, Tony. I confirmed everything then arranged your child support.”
“Sir,” the disembodied voice sounds regretful if possible and Tony curses his programing because he knows that voice, he knows what it means when Jay talks to him like that. “When Ms. Romanov and Peter entered the building, I ran biometrics. She is correct. Peter is your biological son.”
Bruce notices Tony’s distress immediately and sends Steve to set up what he can.
“Wh—“ Tony’s interrupted by Peter’s squeal.
Tony’s brain fills in, Peter is asking who this is for.
“Let’s play a game, Underoos and co. I was thinking Clue, but with a twist. Of course, I will know whodunit first, I feel I have to give that warning. But, I am a fair man, I’ll hear out other options. Let it be known that I will beat you at those games as well, though.”
The kids are dressed for the day but it looks like Tony might still be in his pajamas, clad in a pair of yoga pants and a soft blue t-shirt. Something about the outfit, slots Tony’s size into Steve’s brain. He’s only a few inches shorter, but he’s built entirely from lean muscle, making him seem much shorter than the 5’10” he actually is.
But he takes delight in knowing that he can make Tony breathless, can make his brain work at slightly less than genius speeds, even if only for a moment.
Tony can only nod, Peter tucked snuggly on his hip, thumb in his mouth like it was the other day.
, in the
“Jay, dial Pep. I don’t have time for this.” Tony turns his back and begins searching for a different mug for his coffee. Since Red won’t let him have his he will just have to use a different one, he bristles at his annoyance. Tony hates feeling like a child.
“That would be amazing. I have a few parenting books and JARVIS has been giving me recommendations on parenting blogs.” Tony knows he’s rambling. It’s what he does when he is nervous and he’s so nervous because what if Natasha realizes he isn’t ready for this? Realizes Ben and May will be better parents than Tony can? They have more to offer. “Basically, JARVIS has helped me with learning some of the basics and I’m hoping the rest I can get help for.”
Tony Stark is a law-abiding citizen. He’s worked hard to purge his company of anyone that put human life at risk, he's paid for any parking tickets he's accumulated, he doesn’t hurt people, he doesn't let his company hurt people anymore either.
He eats his food, enjoying the taste of food ma would have made for him on a cold December night when a fever hit. Steve tries not to think too hard on what the flipping in his stomach means. Or why he can’t stop thinking that this feels so much more like home than the life he’s been allowing himself to live.
“I’m glad they found you. I’m,” Tony chokes out, words clotting in his throat and leaving him unable to continue for a second as he continues to struggle for the right words, ones won’t cheapen the moment but will relay how thankful, how happy he is that Steve was found, that Steve is sitting here with him. “I’m so sorry about Bucky. But I’m glad they found you. Otherwise, well, I’m not sure Peter would have ever opened up if he hadn’t gotten a great art teacher like you. I’m… I like you Steve, a lot. I’m so sorry for what happened to your best friend, I can’t imagine the pain. But I’m glad they found you.”
Thank you for being a good dad.
And minutes later, when Steve is ready to talk, Tony listens.
Another moment passes, slow and Tony wonders for a moment if he is going to have to sleep under this bed with Steve.
Steve nods, rolling onto his side, tucking his face into the fold of Tony’s knee. He breathes in deeply, getting a strange feeling of inebriation from the way Tony smells.
It’s the last part that brings tears to Tony’s eyes. In the almost five months they’ve been together Peter hasn’t called Tony anything other than Mr. Stark yet. This is a move in the right direction.
“Hey, that’s swell, Tony. If I can help would you let me know? I can bring face paints for the kids, I think they would love that. And if you let me know early enough I can create some decorations? Unless you don’t want my help, then I understand. I’m sure you can handle it, I mean. You
“I hear ya kiddo, let me work on a program. Something to make us both feel a little better.”
MJ nods, leaning into Tony’s fingers as he braids her hair. He makes quick work of two braids before standing her up.
Seven minutes later Steve has Ned and Peter settled into their sleeping bags on the floor. It appears MJ is crashing on the bed. He ambles into the living room where Tony and MJ are sitting on the couch. There’s soft music playing overhead as Tony gently runs a brush through the young girl’s hair.
He answers the door to see a slightly shorter man wearing a black suit hopping from foot to foot on his porch. Vaguely Steve recognizes him from somewhere, though he cannot place that recognition.
“So, what now underoos?” He smiles to the child, who blinks at him slowly, brown eyes tired. Tony watches as Peter fists his little hands and brings them down over his abdomen, up and down again.
Tony releases a breath he doesn’t realize he’s been holding. Steve’s voice is wet with unshed tears. The regret and distress of the memory rolls off him in waves.
Tony notices the shift, how off Steve sounds, the way his voice is tight and wet once again, but also something else… he sounds resigned. As if he feared telling Tony the truth about Bucky.
Tony’s brain struggles for a moment, reconciling the Steve he knows now with the slight, wisp of a man being described to him.
Tony’s gaze is far away, drifting further and further into the distance as his finger lazily circles the rim of his cup.
“Then—” he pauses, still trying to wrap his head around what could be happening. Adrenaline wears down quickly though, leaving Tony in desperate need of caffeine.
Steve’s about to congratulate Ned on his win when the partition is being lowered and Happy is looking at them in the rear view.
Because there has to be cake.
“Sir,” JARVIS’ voice rouses Tony. One of the rare nights he actually makes it to his bed. “You have a caller.”
Other nights, bad nights, he pulls out the thermal blanket, turning it all the way up. Shivering in his long sleeve t-shirt and sweats, even as his hair plasters to his head with the sweat.
He loves bugs. Right now the only thing little guy wants is to be a scientist, studying all the bugs that live in the Amazon rainforest (he thinks it’s the most beautiful place on earth). He loves spiders more than anything and thinks that bees are nice. His favorite bee is the carpenter bee, but he doesn’t have a favorite spider. His favorite colors are red and blue.
“Yes, sir. Mr. Stark didn’t want you having to worry about transportation you see? So, he sent me.” Happy stands proudly, hands clasped together in front of him. “He made sure I got here early so we can leave whenever you would like. Drive to the tower takes anywhere from thirty to forty-five minutes. To get there close to eleven thirty, we should leave by ten-thirty at the latest.”
And Tony is a father.
“Conferences,” Peter says on his way to the elevator, little backpack on his shoulders and lunch box in his hands. “Monday.”
Steve remembers reading about it. Tony Stark missing, months pass. His mentor and father figure Obadiah Stane supporting extensive searches for the man. Only for Tony to appear three months later, rising like a Phoenix from the ashes. Literally, the terrorist group holding him wanted weapons. After torture Stark does build a weapon, but not the weapon they’re seeking. He builds a suit of iron that he uses in his escape. Tony blows up their illegally obtained StarkIndustries weapons, making a fiery escape.
“How are the kids?”
. There will be no prisoners, he thinks Tony yells that at some point in time, as they charge the building.
“Are you sure? We won’t get there just for me to be told you’ve blown up a building?” Tony laughs at the stricken look that crosses Peter’s face for a moment, before the child dissolves into giggles as well.
“Yes, Sir,” JARVIS sounds just as concerned as Tony.
And Tony is so thankful for every line of code he put into the A.I.—he’s always one step ahead and often senses Tony’s needs before Tony.
They had gone to the store together over the weekend and grabbed everything they thought they needed. They had at least four metric tons of apples, apples for bobbing, apples for candying, apples for carameling. Tony had some poor S.I. employee ferry at least 100 apples up to the penthouse. They had grabbed everything Peter wanted for the goodie bags he would send his classmates and friends back home with. Little plastic bags with pumpkins on the front that held glow-in-the-dark bracelets, train whistles, neon sticks and other things that had made Peter smile. They bought a few board games and the set up for pin the tail on the donkey. Tony thinks they did so well.
Tony putters around the kitchen. Soon the smell of coffee is wafting through the air and Steve is snagging bits and pieces of fruit from a bowl Tony places on the island.
Subject: Pete
Tony curses himself for forgetting, remembers the letter Peter had brought home last week letting him know that parent teacher conferences would be happening in the first week of October.
“His mother died.” A pointed pause ensues between Tony and the woman, both digesting the information. “Two weeks ago, actually.”
Steve might allow himself to admit the phrase ‘one for my date’ sets off a few butterflies.
?” Tony’s lip curls in disgust, he sounds like he can’t believe the results. “Platypus would never do something so vulgar, especially not in a place so sacred.”
“You’re welcome Ned.” Tony smiles, crouching to the level of the children in front of him. “Do you really think it’s good?”
Steve’s decorations are beautiful. He’s created ornate backdrops for the photo-booth Peter and Tony have set up. He let the students help with painted skeletons and zombies that he cuts out and strings across the walls. He even creates a pop-up cemetery for the kids to play in. Tony is sure that will be a favorite for all the guests, probably for pictures too.
“Mr. Rogers is still here?” Ned asks, incredulous. “Why?”
He takes in the large king-sized bed in the middle of the room. Matching lamps and nightstands on either side. They’re simple but distinctly Steve in their warm, vintage feel. The sheets are mussed, pulled half off the bed as if Steve didn’t fully wake before diving out and under. Pulling half of his bedding with him.
“For the young Sir, I will consider staying.”
He thinks, for a moment, he might be able to understand where Steve is coming from, the pain he would feel if Rhodey died while trying to save him.
Tony sings to Steve, ladle abandoned on the island as they dance around the kitchen.
“Jay, make sure the kids stay asleep. Watch the temperature and if you could, play one of those ASMR videos you used to play to help me sleep.”
“Do you want me to make you some tea, Steve?”
“Is Pe—“
Natasha Romanov
“Yes. I’m Peter’s dad.” He smiles, noticing he’s still holding Steve’s hand, the other man hasn’t made to move away so Tony lets go. Noticing immediately how much colder he feels without that contact.
“I’m sorry?”
“Good. Buckle yourself in kiddo, we gotta go,” Tony smiles.
“Buck and I used to play ‘the floor is lava’. I think that might be a good one. Set up strategically placed ‘safe areas’ where the kids can jump too.”
“Yeah, you did Steve. You called me. Why are you under the bed sweetie?” Tony keeps his voice calm, makes it soothing, the same way Rhodey used to do for him, the same way he now does for Peter on bad nights.
Tony just doesn’t have time for this. He hasn’t had any coffee. He only got two hours of sleep. He doesn’t have the time or patience for jokes like this.
“I need three children’s tickets and two adult tickets please, one for me, one for my date,” Tony asks of the young lady, gesturing to Steve.
We enlisted together.”
“As you’ve said, sir.”
“No interrupting daddy, Jay. I’m talking to Steve.” Tony sounds annoyed but Steve can hear the smile in his voice.
“You… promise?”
You or Pepper can contact me when you’re ready to continue the process.
The night is a mess. It doesn’t go according to plan even after Tony tries to make adjustments. Kids and their parents start piling into the apartment around five, held up by the background checks Tony had forgotten to do. They’re hungry because Tony tells them to come hungry but the food won’t be here for another half an hour at least and they have minimal snacks because the snacks are supposed to be for the time after they finish dinner. Clint shows up to help monitor the kids and some of the games they have planned. He’s hungry too, and Tony quickly learns a hungry Clint is a pain in the ass.
Peter’s smile in response is so very worth it, Tony knows he would do whatever he can to make that smile come back.
“Yes Stevie, dearest. I’m staying. I’m just gonna crash on the couch for a few hours.”
Tony who is calling him right now.
“More like I couldn’t stop thinking about what you might be cookin’.” Steve smiles, biting back a laugh at Tony’s indignant huff.
Tony doesn’t expect his note to be returned with another. Elegant writing written on a piece of customized stationary, in the corner the top portion of a star is outlined in chunks of blue, and circled in red. It reminds Tony almost of a flag.
He looks peaceful. In a much different way than he does when interacting with Peter. Even then Tony carries the worried of his company and being a father, being better than his father, on his shoulders. None of that shows now. Steve watches as Tony’s eyes flutter and shift under closed lids, long lashes fanning over the man’s gorgeous carnelian skin. Rich in color like the stone, but so much more precious.
Steve’s stomach drops a little as he nearly vaults out of bed.
“It’s not selfish to want to be happy, Tony,” Steve whispers. He has so much he wants to say, so much he feels he needs to say. But he isn’t sure what words are appropriate for the moment, or if they will even come out right. So instead he just adds, “And it will never be bad to put your sons needs first. I understand.” As soon as the words are out of Steve’s mouth the heaviness lifts, once again the kitchen feels like the fun environment he walked into.
“Lamb stew over wild rice. Since you’re nearly an hour early you’re going to have to wait though. Need a snack? Coffee?”
“Yes Tony,” Steve smiles, cutting the man off before he goes on a thirty-minute rant. “I would love to go with you, Peter and his friends. Where should I meet you?”
“Stay,” he commands, leaving Steve standing awkwardly in the living room.
“Yes, Tony, I would love to go out with you.” Steve smiles.
Tony doesn’t try to hide the smile that takes over his face as he reads what Peter wrote.
Steve can’t help the laugh that bubbles out of him. Tony is so unpredictable, and Steve thinks he might be getting addicted to it.
With that, they’re off. Charging the building once again. Steve laughs,
“Stevie-kins,” Tony whines. Steve can almost picture him in the lab, hunched over a computer running through lines of code, until he hears the kids in the background. “Steve, I know I should have returned your calls, or at least texted you back, and I’m very sorry for how I avoided you. I promise I’ll take you to dinner so we can discuss how terrible I am. But right now, I need your help.”
“I have an idea,” Tony mutters in response to Peter’s (sixth) heaving sigh.
The use of one of Tony’s favorite pet names seems to breathe a little life into Steve, he uncurls slightly, sitting up a hair straighter in his chair before grabbing the lukewarm tea in front of him.
“Okay, we are tired and dirty huh? Let’s go grab some pajamas. Jay can you run a bath? Not to hot not too cold?”
Steve simply nods. Following Tony out from under the bed. His movements are jerky and stiff. Tony wonders how long he was hidden under the bed before he was able to call.
And the cake is going to be late.
“Yeah actually, I like that option. Is everybody okay with Buffy?” Three small heads nod in Tony’s direction, they’re focused on building huge sundaes. “Jay— “
Tony waits, giving Steve time as he sips his tea. One moment passes in silence, then two. Tony’s nearly finished with his tea when he finally speaks again.
Within six months after Tony returns home safe and in somewhat good condition it’s revealed that Stane is behind the orders for the terrorist group to takes Tony. He pays them handsomely in cash and weapons, to murder the man he treats as a son. He’s arrested after Tony and Pepper Potts (his right hand who practically runs the company) flush him out. It’s never been confirmed why Obadiah wants Tony dead, but the rumor is that he was the one behind a long string of Stark Industries weapons being involved with black market deals with terrorists, and Tony was close to finding out.
“Let me grab my coat, Happy.” Steve smiles moving to grab a jacket and his phone. “I’m ready now.”
“Stay here, in my room, in my bed. With me. Please.”
“Dad, he says you’re his dad, right?” Tony’s never been so happy to be interrupted before because that saves him the awkward moment of trying to figure out if Pete sees him as a dad. Maybe a guardian? Or a really nice guy who makes his breakfast because that would be his fucking luck.
With a slight jerk the elevator comes to a stop on Tony and Peter’s floor. Before the doors open Steve can hear the yelling of excited children, the slightly off beat clapping of little hands. The voices of Ned and MJ soar through the air, excitedly talking over each other, between singing the lines they know. He smiles to himself, the noise reminds him of his classroom.
"OhmygodMr.Starkthankyouforthrowingthispartyitsawesome.” Ned’s voice is excited and he’s practically bouncing as he speaks. Tony watches as Peter swells with pride and smiles at his friend.
“Lunch sounds good, as long as you’re cooking it.”
"That would be the best for him, yeah? Wouldn’t--” Tony pauses, taking another shuddering breath as he tries to steel himself. “I—I can’t.”
They had forgotten candy. He has candied and caramelled apples out of his ass but not a single Snickers, Kit Kat, or Milky Way in the area.
“Alright Stevie-kins,” Tony chuckles. Steve loves Tony’s laugh and he feels his heart slow at the sound. “You asked for it. Let me tell you about the first coding update for JARVIS and how he avoided it like a child avoids bath time.”
A small hand grabbing his distracts Tony from the growing weight in his stomach as he watches Peter’s classmates bob for apples, snack on the candied and caramelled treats, and even play in Steve’s pop-up cemetery.
Tony does all of his, begins reform on his company and catches the man who wants him dead with shrapnel in his chest. The only thing that keeps the shrapnel from tearing through his heart is the miniaturized arc reactor he builds. Coincidentally he also builds that, out of scraps, in a cave in the middle of nowhere.
“You said Peter’s aunt? Is there a reason they didn’t get custody?” he is inquisitive; doesn’t want to take Peter’s best life away from him.
He observes Steve as he locates mugs for their tea. The older man sits in a chair with his back against the wall. Similar to how he had been positioned under the bed. Tony watches Steve’s eyes as they roam the room, constantly monitoring their surroundings, seemingly ready for anything to happen. Steve’s eyes never stop moving, Tony can practically see the wheels in his head turning as he formulates thought afterthought on how to stay safe, stay protected, all of this even as he continues to roll in on himself.
This kiss, Steve thinks, is nothing like the first. This kiss starts slow, there’s no clumsy, harried clash of teeth as they fall into each other. This kiss is Steve leaning down, stormy, ocean blue eyes staring into Tony’s amber ones. This time Steve doesn’t wrap his arms around Tony in an attempt to help right the man, to keep them on their feet. This time Steve’s free hand moves to Tony’s waist, pulling the man as close to flush as he can get. Tony wraps his free hand around Steve’s neck, fingers curling in the blonde hair at the nape.
I’m so glad you got a hold of me. I can set up a time for Peter and I to meet with you again? I’ll attach the documents so you can review them before we get with the lawyer to make things official. If you have any questions please contact me at my personal number. 555-560-3314.
“I—uh, yeah. Stark. I mean, Tones. I mean…” Tony sighs, shaking the hand of the man in front of him. Trying to compose himself before looking stupid in front of his son and his crush. “Hi, I’m Tony, uh, Stark. Peter’s…”
Peter signs, rolling his eyes as well, laughing at his excited friend.
“Petey and I finished Firefly for the second-time last weekend, sorry kid.” Tony vetoes Ned’s choice.
Before Tony can reply Natasha is calling for Peter. The young boy, Tony’s son, stumbles quietly back into the room. A large yawn contorting his sweet features as he looks to Natasha, lightly patting her leg to get her attention. When Natasha looks to him the boy moves his chubby open hand over his face, bringing his fingers together over his chin as he closes his eyes.
“Steve, babe, where are you?”
And the food Tony orders for dinner might be late too, because there is such a large volume and it’s Halloween night so he’s not the only person ordering out. But he might be the only person ordering thirty pizzas.
“Sweetheart,” Steve continues when Tony doesn’t reply, his voice is pleading. “Stay, please.”
"Rho- “
The food is actually an hour late. Peter’s friends are so hungry Tony thinks they might start frothing at the mouth and begin eating the adults. Which is an issue because tonight Tony really wanted to ask Steve out.
“They feed off each other.” Steve supplies, trying to ignore the soft moan, the way Tony’s tongue slides over his pink lips. “When together kids create an endless loop of energy. Work on that and you may no longer need arc reactor tech.”
you.”
Tony hears the question. “Your choice, apple tart. We give Romanov’s suggestion a try or we go back out for a rematch.”
Steve is staring at him over the top of his coffee mug. Tony blinks. Steve puts his mug down on the counter, then calmly crowds Tony up against the wall. Tony’s breath catches as Steve leans in close, and he realizes he has completely lost control of the situation.
Close to an opposite doorway, Clint perches on a counter, watching with barely-contained amusement. His bow and arrows are on his back. He also came at a run, thinking they were under attack.
“What?” Howard starts. “No. I—where did you get that?”
“You learn fast,” Pepper notes.
“That sounds like a trap,” Ger says to Steve.
They take Steve’s motorcycle, Nat navigating over the comms as they leave the city and drive into the wilderness. Nat directs them to a small turn-off that ends in a parking lot.
“That’s Captain America,” Tony replies. “What about Steve Rogers?”
Tony kisses him before Steve can make him promise the same: to live, to put Iron Man aside and rest. Steve has always done the right thing, has never had much to make up for. He’s not like Tony, who spent his life in the killing business, not willing to look too closely at what many sins hid behind “defense technology” until he was on the other side of the defense. People will never stop coming for him.
“I like him,” Pepper confides to Tony, patting Steve’s shoulder.
“What. Wait. I’m Maverick, right? Tell me they’re not calling me Iceman. You’re Iceman, Steve.”
Tony grins, and Steve tucks his chin against his chest, breathing through the sudden flutter he feels just under his sternum.
“Just yank it off, Tony.”
“Your feelings are valid, Tony,” Steve replies from where he’s absorbed in a crossword puzzle.
“Regular shit-stirrer, weren’t you?”
“Well, here’s your opportunity to give them another try, Cap.”
The music stops, too. Then, Tony is looking at Captain America: straight-backed, serious.
Deborah Sampson has long fascinated me, and if you don't know her, I suggest reading more! Her lecture tours are probably my favorite part of her history.
“What do you want?” Tony manages to ask.
“Don’t be like that,” Howard says, trying to soften the sharp edges with a gentle tone. “I mean it. Seven decades in the future, you ought to find some happiness.”
[silence]
“I guess some things never change.”
“How did you know?” Steve asks, quietly. “About the drawing.”
Tony glares.
“You’re really not uncomfortable?”
The elevator doors open and Steve backs Tony through the penthouse to the bedroom without hitting anything—okay, maybe the tactical brain is still present, but Tony can’t complain—and once they’re inside, Steve shoves Tony up against the closed door.
“You don’t think it’s too soon?” Steve looks uncertain. “What about your reputation or…uh, stock value?”
The morning is thick, the night’s damp not yet burned off. Steve is relieved to find running is still familiar: the push-pull of his strides, his feet hitting the pavement. He pushes himself, each mile pulling him back down into this body. This is what anchored him before.
“Sure,” Ger chirps. “Lots of folks learn both. Lots just pick a role and stick with it. I mostly follow, but I’m learning to lead now so my girlfriend and I can dance together. Plus,” she leans forward and whispers loudly, “you get to tell people you’re ambi
“Oh, are we going to revisit how you let me believe for a full week that ‘debugging’ meant wiping the insects off your armor?”
“Can we reschedule? I’ve kind of got a thing.” Tony motions to his bandaged arm. “Prior engagement with a lot of pain killers and truly awful made-for-TV movies.”
“No,” Steve agrees, his tone wry. “I suppose it’s not.”
“Brought you a sandwich and a refill.”
Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more;
Finally, Tony walks in. He sees them all waiting and stumbles to a halt.
“You saved my game file, right? I just completed all my fossils. Blathers will be disappointed if they’re gone tomorrow.”
“Oh my God,” Tony mutters.
joke.
The alarms kick on. Tony rubs his forehead.
The Lokis pull out an old scroll and begin to read from it in a language Tony doesn’t recognize. It echoes around them, like they’ve wandered into a series of caves with no clear end.
“Way ahead of you.”
Steve folds his arms and leans against the door frame. “How does what work, Tony?”
Steve shrugs defensively. “I was trying to keep a low profile.”
“Okay, okay, pick a different metaphor then.” Tony waves a hand, then looks thoughtful. “I kinda want to dip you.”
“Yes, sir,” Steve replies crisply, starting for the door and pulling Tony along.
As if Tony thought such things into being, Steve jerks back and turns. A half-second later, the bridge falls away beneath Tony’s feet, and it’s only Steve’s arm around him that keeps him from dropping. Steve drags them to cover.
“I want you, Tony, okay? Only you. God help me.”
“Well, Mr. Stark, you’ve created quite a stir around here,” Fury says. “Not much that can make my agents lose their heads and forget hours of expensive government-level training.”
“I’m not sulking,” Steve says.
Steve switches off his comm so no one hears him laughing.
“You got me,” Steve deadpans. “I’m playing the long game.”
He finds the street fair on accident.
“You were right about Banner,” Steve points out. “I missed it. I treated him like…well, like a science experiment. A chemical mixture.”
“Latest edition,” Nat says. “Someone got a lucky shot of you two on your way back from the recent clean-up.”
“You know, they recruited me after a few of my inventions at the World’s Fair got some press.”
“Could use someone with more artistic skill to help me draw up plans and prototypes. Digital mockups are great, but sometimes a sketch is what closes the deal.” Tony tilts his head. “Sometimes, you just need a little old-fashioned.”
TS: Is this really your idea of flirting?
“I—how is it an American icon from the 1940s—bravery, honor, sacrifice, whatever else they say in the voiceover of Captain America: The Ride—has no problem standing completely naked in front of a room full of strangers? For a weeks at—what? Why are you laughing?”
Steve is surprised at the relief that sweeps through him. “I told him that didn’t happen.”
“Mm,” Steve murmurs, lips brushing along Tony’s cheek and chin to nip at his ear. “Nat had some pointers.”
“What’s that?” Howard asks.
“Much more impressive than three helicarriers.”
here, how can I stalk him?”
“I don’t know why they all seem to think friendships can’t implode,” Bruce commented one morning, surveying the latest additions to the collection. “That estrangement or falling out is sometimes even worse.”
The woman circles back, wearing a nametag with
“The plane. Peggy said.” He stops. “What is this?” Something mean passes over Howard’s face.
Tony twists and grabs a handful of Steve’s shirt, yanking him into a kiss. They almost overbalance, but Steve braces against the sofa with one hand and hauls Tony into his lap with the other. Tony presses tight against Steve, slides his fingers into Steve’s hair and down his neck, clutches his shoulders. Steve chases Tony’s mouth when they break apart, only vaguely aware of his own breathless, desperate noises, each seeming to make Tony clutch at him tighter.
Tony passes him a cup of coffee. “Sleep okay?”
Howard shrugs. “Sure, but that’s still not a paperwork job.”
“Suppose not.”
“And the rest of you,” Tony prompts.
The man looks Steve over with an expression that got Gilmore Hodge punched out on day 1 of basic training. Another kind of creep who sees lean-muscled shoulders and arms and thinks Steve could be easily overpowered. It irritates Steve in that old familiar way that no one seems to have learned any better, despite all the footage of Natasha fighting the Chitauri that Steve knows is floating around. Besides, she'd knocked him on his ass more than once or twisted him into an arm bar when he misjudged a strike.
Next to him, Steve gives a heaving sigh, his eyes rolling skyward. The nickname had started after Clint and Nat had planned Tony and Steve’s platonic wedding. Sketches—surprisingly detailed ones—of a farmhouse they’d dreamed up for the ceremony and reception kept company with the tabloid on the fridge. Tony was frankly alarmed at the amount of twinkle lights in mason jars included in the sketches.
“Stop!” Tony yells just as Steve barks, “Stand down!”
JARVIS: Sir, I am not aware of any—oh. There does indeed seem to be an entry in your calendar for this afternoon. A meeting with a local foundation.
“It really doesn’t bother you?”
“The hand is quite awful,” Thor agrees.
Lou looks startled at the address but recovers quickly. “Captain,” he returns, “and Mr. Stark, we appreciate the help. Most of this my guys can handle just fine, but we don’t got the equipment for the heavier stuff higher up.”
Statement of Dr. Jane Foster, regarding some unusual red smoke. Statement given November 8, 2013. Statement recorded by Anthony Stark, Head Archivist of the Usher Foundation, April 30, 2014. Statement begins.
Steve felt the air around him get thicker, harder to draw in as he curled over his pictures.
“If I may, I wish to request something of you”
“Aye, justice can wait for one night”
“We can play Go Fish, if you prefer”
Thor offered her a wicked grin and marched towards them with a booming salute: “Clinton, Lady Natasha! You make a fine sight for sore eyes!”
“I’ll be just fine.”
Fisting his hands and quickly spreading out his fingers as Loki tutted pointedly and glared.
Thor smiled down to his husband, using his other hand to free his aching cock and in a deliberate, shameless motion, brought his own erection to press against his spouse’s, giving teasing smacks that resounded wet and filthy in the silence of their room, ripping another muffled gasp from the Soldier and an involuntary thrust of the man’s hips.
Tony’s lip trembled and he slapped a shaking hand to his beard to keep himself in check. He knew this was going to happen,
Hi there!
The Captain pursed his lips and tried again “What I mean to say is, we have a little something we like to do.”
Thor cleared his throat and continued his tale “Frandal was hurt and mortally offended, he was very young still, barely out of boyhood… he took Loki’s rejection very much to heart.”
“Hey, hey, hey” Clint cut in, his voice a tone Steve had never heard from him before, ‘Stern’ he thought “It’s late and it’s a school night, you can harass the men tomorrow morning”
His betrothed was to join him.
“We would only take him for a while” Gamora confessed, eyeing the Director and Heimdall in quick shifts of her dark gaze “to stall Ronan until we could retrieve the Power Stone, we never meant the man any harm”
(One bit more of smut, will again mark the begining and end of the scene with dark bold letters in case anyone wants to skip it)
Steve grinned, like a switch being flipped, something shifted in the man’s posture as he straightened, all poise and determination. “Good point, need a minute?”
“Heimdall… The Watcher of the Universe” Gamora breathed, voice soft in awe. Heimdall unsheathed his broad sword, holding the intruders weary gaze as he held the magic weapon at the ready and circled the aliens with a steady, dangerous step.
"Wow. That is awesome." I said. He turned his head and looked at me.
"Ill give you a lift." He said. "I don't think your dad is going to show up at all."
"Do you wanna know why I was there all week? It was because my Dad took me to his stupid homophobic old people club. They don't accept me. He doesn't accept me. My dad just wants to change me. He burned this place down to control me. You lead him to it." I was crying. I don't know why I am so angry at Steve. I am just hurting.
"Wait..." he said. The creature did. "I'll do it. But not in here."
(See the end of the chapter for
The billionaire made his way to the kitchen one morning. It was the first time he'd been in there since it all happened and Romanoff was in there with her breakfast. She looked at him.
"Well whatever it is, I'm sure itll be okay." She said "You'll figure it out." But Tony couldn't figure it out. And the creaking started to get worse. He put his suit on as quick as he could and flew out of the nearest window. The top floors were starting to collapse and he could see what was going to happen next, so he flew back in to grab Nat. He did it just in time for the building to be demolished right before his eyes. Nat looked around.  "What's that?" she pointed.
Tony's hand reached out of the shower to feel for a towel, but he couldn't find it, so he grabbed the shower curtain and used that to cover his dignity. The creature was looking right at him.
Tony was panting.
"You have a concussion." He said. "Ill tell the doctor when he gets here." Tony nodded. He felt sick and dizzy.
"Mr Stark is an age regresser, sir. He likes to be alone while he is in this headspace." Steve felt kind of guilty for making the man wet himself. He didn't understand what JARVIS meant by 'age regresser' but judging by how Tony was acting, he assumed it meant he went into the mindset of a child for whatever reason.
The only problem to the plan was that during the week the team was all busy, which meant this would have to be a weekend thing. At least it would make the weekends more entertaining.
Steve's Point of view
have standards." I told him. That angered him. Me and my stupid mouth making things worse. He grabbed my hair and pulled it making me wince. His knee rose to my crotch and he rubbed it roughly. I hated this. I didn't want this.
"You're quitting. I thought you needed the job" Steve said in concern. It was true, I needed the job. But after what just happened. I can't. Steve wrapped his arms around me tightly. I should have been okay with that but I really wasn't. I launched backwards to get away from him. "Sorry" he said. He closed his eyes.
"Are you alright?" I asked. He looked back at me.
"But.. I want juice pops. And chocolate..."
He kissed Tony gently on the lips. This was
Tony looked around. Whatever had him had released his leg. He rubbed his hip. Getting dragged into a gutter was not comfortable. He looked around. There was nothing. Well there was nothing until a loud splash happened and a Hulk got thrown into the sewage. It shrank down to size and became Banner and then a Clint landed on top of him. Tony rushed over and helped them out. They were stuck down there. The only light they had was the faint glow from Tony's arc reactor.
“I could give you the whole PSA I did last week if you like.” Steve nods when Tony grabs the bottle. “Thanks for signing me up for those, by the way. I’m sure they won’t join the archive of embarrassing Captain America footage.”
Tony nods. “The American Dream.”
of bed and dinner first,” he says. “I’m a little old-fashioned.”
“Seems not. Those USO days are really behind you, huh?” Tony says, trying not to show his amusement. He takes the note and huffs a laugh when he reads it.
he proclaims.
“Uh huh. Wouldn’t happen to be because you want a chance to observe and note any required maintenance or upgrades without Rhodes knowing what you're doing, would it?”
*Except villains who are already horrible people, like the Cabal or the Wrecking Crew, when they inevitably show up to fight the Avengers.
Tony blinks.
“Is it obvious?”
Statement of Captain Steven Grant Rogers, regarding some mysterious doorways. Statement given via letter dated February 3, 1945, addressed to former Head Archivist, Roderick Usher. Statement recorded by Anthony Stark, Head Archivist of the Usher Foundation, April 25, 2012. Statement begins.
“That’s our Cap,” Tony hears himself say. “Always…putting himself out there.”
Steve blinks a few times. “No.”
Steve loops an arm around Tony and pulls him close, pressing tight against the line of his body. He hears the catch in Tony’s breath, can feel his heart speed up. Steve smiles at him, letting the silence stretch between them.
When they get back that evening, Tony’s locked in his workshop. Probably for the best, Steve decides, since he won’t be tempted to go to Tony rather than letting Tony find him. He’d said what he needed to. Now, Steve just has to hold the line.
There’s a pause while JARVIS cycles through his knowledge base. “I’ve compiled a list of relevant articles on the matter concerning you and Captain Rogers. Might I suggest beginning with the following advice columns?”
“We’re on a goddamn footbridge in the late afternoon after walking around a park holding hands,” Tony manages, sure his expression is a little wild-eyed. “What is a
GC: It’s working, isn’t it?
He’s relieved when Howard only nods and follows after Tony. Steve pulls over a stool and sits, watching the two Starks settle in to several hours of work. It’s surreal. Steve remembered what it was like to watch Howard work, and when Tony had first let him into the workshop, it had been so much more. They both liked to show off, but Howard wanted the attention. Tony wanted to share his ideas, talk to people about them, find new ways of looking at what he’d already studied from three different angles. Steve supposes that’s what happens when you go in reverse: weapons technology, then superhero.
He won’t ask, Tony decides. After all, what’s the use of dragging up old ghosts.
“Yes, ma’am,” he says, because Steve always did know how to pick his battles.
“There’s a tux already in your closet.” Tony hands over the invite. “Pick up you at 6:30, handsome.”
Steve clears his throat. “I didn’t realize you were here.”
Steve sighs and steps away. Before Tony can grab his arm to stop him—
“We’re even in Time’s Square.”
Steve finds himself thinking vindictively.
Tony laughs, before letting Steve know he still has tower clearance and JARVIS will let him up.
A comfortably silent moment passes as the group heads to the elevator.
“That would be great actually. The kids would definitely love the face painting. I can compensate you for your time?” Tony grabs a card out of his wallet, and a pen off Steve’s desk. “This is my cell, you can contact me on it? Send pictures of your receipts or just a list of things you might want.”
So, he sits and quietly listens. Because this is part of what he wants, he wants to get to know Steve.
“You’re the best,” Tony sighs, contentedly watching Peter top off his two scoops of vanilla, one scoop of chocolate with mixed berries, chocolate sauce and whipped topping.
This one a little bigger than the others but Tony isn’t sure what he put in it. Tony smiles at Peter, dropping the boys hand to sign at him. With his middle fingers pointed inward Tony moves his hands out and in a circle several times. ‘Excited?’ He laughs at Peter’s facial expression -- duh it reads-- gives in when the boy grabs him by the hand and begins pulling in the direction of one of his favorite classes.
“We should, uh, probably. I think,” Tony stops for a moment, closing his eyes. He slides his free hand from where his fingers are still curled in Steve’s hair. “We should get back out there, yeah?” Tony’s words come out quickly, melting together into one as he rubs a temple.
“Want some coffee before the hooligans get up?” Tony’s voice isn’t as gruff as it was moments ago.
“You stop that Rogers, otherwise I might not feed you,” Tony quips, pouring himself a cup of coffee before settling in the little breakfast nook and motioning for Steve to come sit with him.
The smell of coffee wafts through the house as Tony slips on a random band shirt and sweats before heading toward the kitchen. His stomach rumbles, irritated and hungry as he puzzles over what he might have available, or if he needs to order out.
“Hey, hey sugar bear. You’re cold. I need to get you into bed.”
Pepper lets the unspoken words hang for a moment while she quietly finishes her tea.
“Well…” Steve drawls into his phone, settling back into the warm comfort of his blankets, now that he knows Tony doesn’t need him for an emergency.
Fuck me, Tony thinks. Wondering why he chose this stupid ringtone for stupid Steve. But he knows why. Tony remembers digging endlessly through archives of available ringtones. Looking for just the right words, before making his own.
“It’s nothing, Tony, I’m just glad it helped. These kids…”
It feels like Tony just cares, wants to know but doesn’t feel he’s entitled to the information.
Peter signs, leaning into his father. Eyes wide and curious as Tony pulls out a StarkTab he brought. The man never leaves technology behind him.
“I—is this okay, Steve?” Tony whispers. “This is what I do for Peter when he wakes up from a nightmare. It helps him.”
Steve asked him to stay. Steve asked to feel safe, warm, and protected.
Steve barely had time to nod before Tony is sliding a filled to the brim mug in front of him. He has to bite back a chuckle at the sight of the mug. A zombified caricature of Albert Einstein takes up one entire side with the other side reading Before Coffee I’m Albert frankEINSTEIN.
—“ Ned sings, causing MJ to roll her eyes.
“I told them you don’t like raisins on your peanut butter and celery, they decided to prank you,” Tony laughs. He’s beautiful.
“Okay, Sundae Sunday rules. You make the biggest, craziest sundae you can think of. I have so much ice cream I’ll cry if we don’t use most of it. After that, we stay in our pajamas and watch… something. What do you feel like watching?”
Steve wonders why Tony never mentioned that his eyes have flecks of gold like Peters.
“Don’t laugh,” Tony warns, voice far too serious to match the sly smirk on his face. “Rhodey bought me that mug three Halloween’s ago. Don’t make fun of it, my platypus is a serious man and might just fight you over it.”
He adds, this is completely in sign.
“Jay.” Tony’s words are muffled, spoken into his pillow. “What time is it?”
“Mr. Rogers?” Peter adds, comfortable enough to use words, speaking but also signing as he does.
“Well, Rogers,” Tony laughs, and Steve tries again to ignore the warm feeling that spreads through him. “I think I can cook up something good for you and the kiddos. I do owe it to my betrothed, don’t I?”
“Alright, Tony,” Steve sighs, the smile on his face betrays him as he scoops several different ice creams into his bowl. If Tony wants Steve to build a monster of a sundae then he will do exactly that.
“Mr. Rogers? Mr. Stark sent me to pick you up. I’m his driver, Happy.”
Peter speaks off and on, never saying much when he does speak. Tony gets slightly more used to hearing his son’s voice. It’s been two weeks since the last time Peter spoke. This time it’s Friday and Tony is making Peter’s lunch. A crispy chicken wrap on a jalapeno cheddar tortilla, spinach, ranch and asiago cheese. Hummus with broccoli florets and carrots for his side.
“Let’s do this.”
Watching Tony dance in the kitchen, eating the meal he’s made, and seeing how the man smiles at his son does something to Steve.
“Thank you so much for that,” Tony mutters quietly, almost more to the floor than the art teacher in front of him. “Pete’s had… it’s been a rough few months for him. We are still settling in after his mom--” Tony pauses, not wanting to bring Mary’s death up in front of Peter but having gone too far already. “After everything happened.”
“Season one of Buffy the Vampire Slayer is all queued up, sir.”
Tony knows he is at the front of the tabloids, his face plastered on magazines and news outlets constantly. He tries to keep Peter out of it, but the adoption is public record and when the vultures get ahold of the information they run with it. Tony and Peter didn’t have a moments peace for two weeks in June before the information dies as some scandal with the president takes over. He is sure that’s how Pete’s teacher knows who he is. He’s sure that’s how Steve can send Peter back with doodles of the father/son pair out on adventures. Tony’s favorite is a particularly fun trip to the zoo that Peter has to have told Steve about because he hasn’t. But the child returns home on a Wednesday with a hilarious doodle of Tony being swarmed by birds in the bird exhibit, Peter laughing in the background.
Tony’s already out of bed, pulling sweats on over the boxers he had fallen asleep in. He doesn’t bother with turning on a light, instead he gropes in the dark for the AC/DC hoodie he knows is somewhere near the foot of his bed because that’s where he kicked it off after spending all night in the workshop Thursday.
Tony finds the men in the communal room. He brings a beer for each and laughs when Clint makes a comment about how rich men’s beer probably tastes like gold flake and asshole. They discuss the night, all of them singing praises and Tony is sure they’re just being nice. They don’t understand that the night was actually one huge mistake after another and Tony barely kept it together.
So Tony stays. Tony curls around Steve and promises, to nobody in particular, while breathing in the heady smell of Steve. He smells of art. Of paint, paper, and clay. But also of the earth, he smells like a bonfire on a Friday night in October, the smell of sweet burning cedar mixing with the sharp smell of paint to make a scent that is so completely Steve. Tony drinks it in, let’s his senses be surrounded in Steve. He hopes that his presence, his body wrapped around Steve in nothing more than a friendly embrace, comforts Steve the way it comforts him.
Steve is sure that Tony’s story is interesting. He even finds he wants to hear about the antics the man gets into while trying to update the A.I., but he’s tired. He’s tired and the feeling of Tony’s fingers running through his hair, stopping only long enough to massage gently at his scalp relaxes him. Before he knows it, Steve’s breathing is slowing and he’s falling asleep in Tony’s lap.
“It is nice to finally put a face to the name of the infamous Mr. Rogers my son loves so much,” Tony chuckles, looking to Peter whose cheeks blush a slight pink. “I think you’re his first or second favorite teacher. Does that sound right Peter?” Both men look to the blushing boy, who nods and begins quickly signing.
“I’m going to hold you to that Sir Stark,” Steve replies teasing, he bites down on the words that are clawing at his throat.
“That was probably a little intense, Mr. Stark,” MJ adds, balling up the holographic evidence in front of her and throwing it back onto the board. “But, I won’t tell my mom if you don’t. Investigating Who Killed Tony Stark was… fun.”
“Make him a sandwich?” Peter asks, eyes wide as he opens his lunch box back up, checking to make sure there is room for an addition.
“Tonight, before bed, we should write a list of people you want to invite.”
—child. An amount much less than Tony thought she would have wanted. So, he pays off her student loans as well, and sets up an external account for the child.
He stuck with me through all’a it. Middle school, high school. Going from a tiny nobody to this guy on the football team. Stuck with me when I came out. Threatened to fight any sonovabitch who thought bein’ gay made me wrong or disgustin’.
Tony holds Steve, listening as he occasionally lets out a soft snore, watching as his chest rises and falls, evening out in sleep. Eventually he sleeps too.
When he wakes the next morning to a little body curling into his, the thumb of one hand in his mouth, the other hand firmly pressed against the glow of the arc reactor, Tony can’t help but smile.
Steve doesn’t linger on Tony’s friendship with Bruce. The two scientists are the most brilliant men in whatever room they’re in. It only makes sense that they bond fiercely and quickly. He also knows that Tony’s been out to dinner and drinks with Clint at least three times since they met at conferences.  Instead he says the first thing that comes to mind.
“Besides,” Steve adds, voice light and teasing. “Do I look like somebody who would skip Sundae Sunday?”
Tony finds himself standing awkwardly in Steve’s kitchen at 4 am while the kettle warms. The kitchen, located at the end of the hall straight back from the front door, houses a small dining area where Steve currently sits.
“It’s me honey bunches. It’s okay. I’m safe. Are you safe? Did you get hurt?”
Tony pours his coffee, shoulders hunched and takes a few deep shuddering breaths, knowing their arrival at the tower could only mean one thing, but needing to hear it.
“Do something physical.” Steve adjusts, rolling onto his side, snuggling back into his comforter. Trying to find the sense of warmth that so rarely blessed him after he discharged from the service. “Like a pillow fight. Maybe a scavenger… no, kids shouldn’t be running around your tower unsupervised.”
Dad,” Peter laughs. “We all know you like Batman.”
“I- no, I’m not hurt.” Steve’s eyes are wide and bloodshot. He continues to shiver.
“Mr. Stark—” the voice is short, clipped, feminine but professional. Much like Pepper when Tony pretends he doesn’t understand what she needs, or when he accidentally-purposely forgets about a meeting he just has to attend.
Steve’s little house, two bedrooms one bathroom with a nice finished basement, sits in a quaint neighborhood in Brooklyn. Ma worked hard to get it, Steve isn’t sure he can ever part with it. He is pretty sure he couldn’t find a better house in the area, anyway. $350,000 for a townhouse isn’t something he can afford on a teacher’s salary, he’s not interested in the slightest. The distance to Stark Tower is notable though, nearly 13 miles. So, instead of including the trek in his morning run, Steve opts for a taxi, pocket already hurting at the cost. Just as Steve grabs his phone to call a knock at the door startles him.
“New project.”
“Believe me,” Steve says, turning to look at him, “when I tell you something is the truth.”
Steve rolls his eyes.
She grins at him, and Steve finds himself laughing again until there are tears on his cheeks.
Steve clears his throat, his gaze turning determined and direct. “You’re strong in the suit,” he says. “A guy like me…”
“And Loki?”
“I’m good at two of those. Might be SOL on the third.”
“Ask me something I would know. I’ll tell you the answer.”
When class begins, the leads and follows split up to learn the footwork before dancing together. Steve can’t confide this in Tony yet—not here—but the idea of following, being lead by reading someone else’s cues is appealing. He’s always been good at that. No one knows the Avengers like Steve does. Even during the war and before he joined up, truly joined up, he could navigate around a kick-line on an unfamiliar stage. The USO girls had taught him a few moves, too, on those long tours together.
“Shut your perfect mouth, Rogers,” Tony says without any heat. “PowerPoint Presentation. What am I, the CEO of some tiny start-up?”
“Howard—”
Steve’s nightmares return: the ice, Peggy’s voice on the radio; Tony disappearing into a wormhole; a half-second too late to grab Bucky before he falls. Sometimes, it’s the day JARVIS’s emergency alert went off and Steve had burst into the workshop to find Tony crumpled on the floor, blood sheeting his arm and face.
GC: You're not "just" anything, Tony.
“I wouldn’t open with that,” Steve advises.
“Little more than rearranging,” Clint says. “This kind of change, it’s like—”
“I, uh.” Tony clears his throat.
“I did act!”
“Got a plan, Steve?”
Steve smiles.  “Tony, about Howard. He was always a good salesman and a showman. If you warranted his attention, you got it. But if you weren’t any use?” Steve shrugs, seemingly unbothered. “He knew me in the early days, before…well, before I really knew how to put up a wall. We were friendly, Tony, but we weren’t
“Sorry,” Tony says.
It’s really not much of a fight, Super Soldier vs. Sleep-Deprived Genius Billionaire Playboy Philanthropist but Tony squirms and kicks at Steve, even manages to throw an elbow in his gut. After a few minutes of struggle, Steve pins Tony’s legs and tosses him over a shoulder.
Tony glances back at Carter. His expression is tight, something biting pulled back just enough that Tony can’t identify it.
“Looks good,” Steve says finally, handing the tablet back. “Thanks, Tony.”
“I’ll have to send her a gift bask—
I know what ‘bone’ means, Vision!”
“Fine. How about this. Even Branca had Bobby Thomson, right?”
“Answer for everything.”
“Bucky?” Tony asks, because yeah, Fury and Steve weren’t exactly subtle in their argument.
Tony reflects,
Tony glares down into Steve’s amused face. “I knew you were going to be a thorn in my side.”
Clint shrugs, holds up his hands. “What you do down here is your business.”
Steve’s gaze turns suspicious. “Not another Bond movie?”
“I thought you’d…well. You know.” Steve shrugs, as if that’s enough explanation.
“No,” Steve says quickly, then stops. His throat works for a moment, and: “It’s okay. It’s…nice. Comforting.” He smiles, self-conscious. “People don’t touch me much.”
After a long moment, Tony leaves the workshop, shutting off the lights behind him.
Steve shakes his head with a wry smile. “Not my world.”
Tony gives a short nod, hearing the end of the conversation. “See you tomorrow, then.”
“What?”
Steve chuckles. “That might be a task too ambitious even for you, Tony.”
Steve takes the uniform out of Tony’s hands and tosses it aside. “You’re gonna make a fella think he’s boring,” he murmurs.
“I will not press it if you do not wish to talk,” Thor adds.
Steve catches Tony around the middle.
“In fairness,” Steve beings slowly. “Neither did I until I was 25.”
“What, you’re going to just take care of that yourself?”
It’s an open wound, this future business. Steve loves so much of it—the food, the art, the movies. How people love and fight for one another just as fiercely as they always have. The piles of words to say who you are, who you love, and how Steve had, for the first time, understood the pieces of himself he hid away in the name of survival. But it hurts, too. Everything a reminder of what is lost to him forever, what he would lose if there was a way back again. Man out of time, man between times.
In which Steve and Tony figure some things out.
“Maybe cut your father before he’s your father some slack, huh, kid?”
“I am.”
Steve eyes him. “You can’t make reinforced volleyballs?”
“Whatever you want, Tony,” Steve promises, voice low.
TS: Nope.
“Then you’ll have to bring Howard by the Tower,” Steve tells him, exhausted and fed up.
There’s no note, no signature.
“Steve. You can’t reach all of that.”
Tony turns and the glossy smile turns warm for just a moment. “Watch my six, would you, soldier?”
“Yeah. She worried about me. Who’d be there to worry about me after she was gone.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Tony replies, trying to strangle a laugh.
“Some of it. She knew a few other places, and my jeans still fit in the waist, so.”
Steve shrugs, hands in pockets. “Clothes that fit help.”
Tony disappears into the workshop as soon as they return to the Tower, and Steve decides the smart thing is to let him have space. A tactical retreat.
“We,” Tony says firmly, “are definitely going to have a conversation about this. But for now, looks like we’re chasing down dear-old-not-yet-dad before he creates a time paradox.”
Tony grins. He sneaks along Steve’s hip and—
Stiffen the sinews, summon up the blood,
“I believe I’ve seen that.”
Tony’s positive Steve can hear his heart thumping. He forces himself to stay still. Maybe Steve didn't notice or will go on politely ignoring Tony's crush on him.
“How’s the test drive?” Tony asks, keeping his tone light.
“A trait we all share,” Steve answers with a tight smile. “But I take your point.”
“I hate to say good luck, but… I think you might need it.”
“I don’t begrudge anybody celebrating the end of a war just because I showed up late. Think I might’ve missed my chance for any of that.”
“No,” Steve replies automatically. Then, watching Thor crack his knuckles, “maybe.”
Steve looks at Thor blankly.
He catches sight of the screen over Tony’s shoulder.
“Works for me,” Tony says and sweeps a beam over the three closest.
“Is he making enough to share with a regular, non Super Soldier guy?”
“You wish your life to be your own.”
“Sure, Tony,” Steve replies with that fond amusement that makes Tony suspect he’s been handled quite neatly.
“I know.”
“I’m ninety-four,” Steve says with amusement, “not dead.”
“Er, uh. Yeah. That.” Tony blinks. “What? Really?”
“Cap, you okay?” Tony asks.
“Tony,” Steve gasps, patience wearing thin. “Tony—come on.”
One morning after his run, Steve finds a bowl of peaches in the center of the table.
TS: No, no. Handsome works for me.
“Oh,” she says. “Well. I suppose a war bonds sales circuit is the best prep work for handling StarkIndustries investors and charity functions. Which you will be attending with Tony once you’re both ready to go public with your relationship.”
This, Tony decides, is getting progressively worse.
“It stings,” Steve mutters, but braces his arms on the vanity counter.
So much of queer/LGBTQIA+ history has been stolen from us through various kinds of violence or destruction. I've been thinking a lot lately about how small this destruction or violence can be, like altering someone's papers after their death or leaving out a person's queerness in biographies or critical work. This means sometimes all we can do is say, "this is how this person talked about themselves and here's a contemporary equivalent, but we can't be certain it applies completely." (On good days, we're at that statement anyway because language evolves so fast.)
“Just the ones you have framed in the front hall.”
Tonight is another one of those nights: Nat and Clint on a mission, Bruce at a conference, Thor back on Asgard, and Tony away on a business trip.
“Probably,” Steve replies, drinking his coffee.
“What?” Howard glances between Tony and Steve. “What the hell are you talking about?”
A quick note of thanks to jingjen, whose comment about Steve's, uh, idea of flirting made me laugh and inspired a joke in this chapter.
“Because of Pepper.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve grips Tony’s hips and rolls, pinning Tony underneath him. “I’m the boss, I thought? And you just pay for everything?”
“It really will not change if he attempts to kill you or not,” Thor adds. “As I understand it, your courtship rituals here require a different social contract be in place prior to romantic or sexual overtures. We hold no such expectations on Asgard.”
“Glad you finally figured out how to make your move,” Howard says.
Tony sulks in the workshop for near a week before Steve walks in one afternoon and comments on what a beautiful day it is before looping an arm around Tony’s middle and carrying him outside like he weighs nothing.
“Mm,” Tony replies with a soft smile. “We'll get you caught up to this century yet, Steve.”
“Uh huh.”
“Thanks for the tip,” Tony scoffs, snaps on the cuffs that calls the suit to him. “Well, pops, you’re in for a treat.”
“Based the data I have collected since your first meeting with Captain Rogers in Stuttgart, I find a 99.9% possibility that is indeed the case.”
“Penalty! Too much force.”
He turns his back and throws himself into his work.
Steve’s hand lands on Tony’s shoulder. “Stop helping.”
“Right,” Steve exhales.
“Understood.”
“You’re quiet this morning,” Steve says. “Should I be worried?”
“HEY,” Clint yells. “We gonna flirt or we gonna play?”
The woman is a one night stand from one of Tony’s PhDs. Most of Tony’s nights at the time pass in a haze. Too much coffee, too little sleep, maybe a drink or two. He vaguely remembers Pepper arranging for paternity tests, vaguely remembers being told how much support she wants for her—
Tony’s dancing while he cooks, singing to the kids as his bare feet carry him through a silly tango, he twirls around the island to where MJ sits. As the song ends he swoops her up and spins her in a dramatic circle before dipping the giggling girl.
Tony holds on a moment longer, waiting while the girl rubs her eyes and sways.
Peter signs, a sympatric smile taking over his giggles.
JARVIS speaks, letting Tony know he found a bakery that will make his cake, and Tony smiles. Maybe he will pull this off after all.
“Is this a sudden change or does Peter sometimes choose not to talk?”
Four weeks of passing notes to each other has maybe given Tony a high school crush on Steve. They have gone from notes on small sticky pads to longer more elaborate letters as the exchange has gone on. Tony will share fun stories of his adventures with Peter and Steve illustrates them, or draws fun adventures he has been on with his friends. If the notes have developed into a small crush nobody can blame Tony. Steve is funny and clever and Peter likes him which means something, it means everything. So, if Tony spends a few extra minutes in front of the mirror trying to tame the very curls he shares with Peter, that’s just because he wants to look nice for a friend.
“Peter,” Natasha whispers, “Tony made this for you.”
“Hello.” Steve finally accepts the call, the word high and airy as he lets out a breath he doesn’t know he’s been holding.
“This is good, this is… great,” Steve whispers. “Talk to me, about anything.”
Steve isn’t sure he will ever get used to how quickly JARVIS ushers him into the elevator and up the fifty something floors. There’s a strange swoop in his stomach that he knows he can’t blame on his ascent. He feels the wings of a thousand butterflies swirling in his stomach. He’s so excited to see his students in this setting. Less professional, more fun.
“I.. Tony. I-I heard g-gunshots? Maybe. I n-needed to get to safety. I-it’s c-cold.” Steve’s voice is soft, confused and scared. The way Tony knows he sounds when he comes out of nightmares about his time in the cave.
It’s nearly eight when Tony tucks Steve back into bed. Steve shivers, body hard and tight until Tony finds the well-loved heated blanket in the back of the closet. Steve’s teeth chatter, the soundtrack to Tony’s busy work. He finds a plug-in and dials the blanket up to medium heat, before tucking it around Steve’s shaking shoulders.
“Okay, buddy. Thank you. I’m gonna hug you. Alright?”
Mr. Stark,
Tony’s hand on his wrist grounds him, bringing Steve back to the moment.
But if he is being honest with himself, and Steve is working on that, his excitement is at the prospect of seeing Tony.
“And what can I do for you my dearest Stars n’ Stripes?” Tony smiles, moving from the stew to the oven, checking something quickly before gesturing for Steve to sit down. “You had your snack, now would you like some coffee, sugar britches?”
It’s nearly midnight on Friday when Steve gets Tony’s call. He’s curled up in bed, wrapped in a comforter and a quilt, trying to keep the cold that seems to have stuck around since his last mission, almost two years ago, at bay. Ella Fitzgerald’s voice startles him, earning a deep graphite mark down the center of the sketch he’s working on. He’s trying to catch the light in Tony’s eyes as he looked at Peter during the Halloween party. The sketch now looks more like Tony is giving Peter fond laser eyes.
“He told me.” Bruce smiles, it’s soft and comforting like everything about the man. “He’s excited, you know. He knows how hard you’re working to make this a great party. I think that means more than if everything goes according to plan.”
Tony watches, his heart tightening painfully, as Steve glances listlessly around his room. Eyes wet and searching. He looks as if he needs something, wants to find something, but isn’t quite sure where he is. So, Tony takes his hand, lacing his fingers with Steve’s larger hand. His fingers are stained with paint, always stained with paint.
Bruce leaves first. He needs to get home and get some sleep. He has a sneaking suspicion that there will be several candy-high kids in class tomorrow and crazy kids sometimes have him seeing green. Clint goes next, making an offhand joke that living in Tony’s vents would be cheaper and nicer than his apartment.
“Yeah,” Tony laughs and Steve wonders for a moment if he’s ever heard anything as beautiful as Tony’s soft, breathy laugh. “You were right. We played the lava game for twenty minutes before they basically fell like flies. The best idea. Thank you again, I think I was about ready to tear my hair out.”
“Hey, Pete, I’m sure if you ask nicely Mr. Stark’s friend will put on a nice movie for you on the big couch.” The woman JARVIS identified as Ms. Romanov lowers the boy off the counter and points him in the direction of the large living room.
“I can’t take a kid in,” Tony whispers, chest clenching at the responsibility he knows will come with it.
Natasha sweeps out of the apartment in a quiet, stealthy manner. Leaving Tony alone with his thoughts.
“I wrote a list last week and had everything delivered, ensuring you will have enough Sundae Sunday materials for at least ten people, sir. You should be covered.”
"Oh. Do you think you're hard? You think you're made of iron? Come on ironman. Play the game." He shoved me. I looked at him and he shoved me again.
"Try and touch it with your finger" He said. Tony lifted his arm and reached out. He completely missed about 4 times before he managed to put his finger on Bruces. Only it wasn't his finger tip, it was more the middle of his finger.
"We watched a cartoon about a talking pig. Then one about a sponge called bob."
"Guys?" He asked. Tony had rushed straight into his lab to check the scanners, which were down.
"I found something." She said into her com.
I stared at the 'bed' in front of me and zoned out. I had to. Usually I zone out but this was worse. I had to block out all my senses for this. I managed to do it, however, which means I don't remember what happened. I just know that both men got off with me, my ass felt sore as fuck and I couldn't walk afterwards. Hands were covered in liquid, as was dicks. I just assume I got fisted then double penetrated. Just the thought of it makes me shudder. And I have to work tomorrow aswell.
Tony didn't come into school. After not getting an answer for why we wouldn't work as a couple. Then I realised how homophobic his father was. The man would probably kill Tony if he found out he had a boyfriend. It made sense.
"Shall we get you cleaned up?" Tony shook his head, but he was becoming uncomfortable in his soiled underwear and jeans. He started to wriggle. "Are you sure?" Steve asked. Tony shook his head as if to say 'I'm not sure.'
"Smells funny." Hulk said. He went running towards the staircase.
" But dad-"
Who do you want next? I intend to get through the original Avengers before I move onto doing more people like three sums and orgies and stuff
"Sorry Sir, Mr Stark is busy right now." JARVIS spoke.
"Are you okay, baby?" he asked. He sat up and looked at Tony. Tony just wiped more sweat from his forehead. "Tony?"
“Yeah,” Tony whispers, voice soft and reverential as he traces the shape of the reactor in his chest.
“Sounds like you have it figured out,” Steve trails off, unsure of what to say next, where to go from here. There are so many things he wants, needs, to say. “Ton—“
“I… Yes, Tony. I think that would be nice.”
156 seconds. He can’t turn his brain off, not since his time in the service and not since the string of missions that earned him his honorable discharge. But he can have this, the sounds, the feeling of being home, the quieting of the voice in his head always cataloguing exit routes and forming escape plans.
“Mr. Rogers likes turkey sandwiches too. He eats his lunch with me when the other kids are mean and make me sit alone.” The soft voice is hesitant, a little hoarse from disuse but it’s definitely a child’s. Peter’s words leave Tony so shocked he almost drops the mustard. Instead he tries to hide his surprise for later and take the change in stride.
Peter’s Halloween party took place in the huge living room of their floor so Steve hasn’t been able to see the kitchen. Stepping into it now is like stepping into another world.
Steve laughs, a soft sound that echoes in the confines of the elevator. “Thanks for the warning JARVIS. I’ll be ready.”
“Mary Teresa Holland, 27, and fiance Richard Laurence Parker, 30, were killed when a sudden decompression event caused Richard to lose control of the personal aircraft he and Mary were in. Medical experts are unable to determine if the Parkers were killed on impact or before due to hypoxia. Police and field teams continue their investigations, at this time cause of death has been ruled as accidental. Family members are stated as saying Richard and Mary weren’t supposed to be in the plane that evening, and bring up Richard’s nearly fifteen years of flight experience. They are survived by their son Peter Benjamin Holland...” Pepper’s voice tapers off for the first time. A slight break as she tries not to dwell on the fact that a five-year-old child has suddenly had his life changed so much. “And Richard’s brother Benjamin Parker and wife, May.”
“You’re confident Mr. Stark,” MJ smiles, eyebrow quirked high as she appraises Tony. “But I bet I can beat you.”
“Thanks Jay, what would I do without you?”
, he signs, pointing to a girl on his other side. She has pretty olive skin, almost like Tony’s and hair that falls in a mess of waves, reminiscent of a waterfall.
“I don’t want you to get hurt.”
They’re back on the elevator now, Steve’s fingers are still wrapped around his coffee, but he doesn’t feel as grounded in the warmth and smell.
Tony lowers himself to his belly and slowly slides under the bed. He finds Steve with his back against the wall, curled into as small of a ball as he could. He looks so vulnerable, collapsing in on himself, eyes rapidly moving and taking in as much of the open area around him as possible.
Steve pauses, body still shivering against the wall as his eyes rapidly cover the open space in front of him. Tony can almost see the wheels in his head turning before Steve whispers, so quiet Tony could only just hear his words over the distant Brooklyn night traffic.
“Thanks, Jay. What would I do without you?”
“Why isn’t it safe, Steve? Can I protect you?”
“I, uh, thank you.” Steve blushes. Fiddling with the card in his hands for a moment before looking to Peter, who is pulling on the man’s hand, placing the customized goodie bag in the hand he’s offered. “Is this for me?” Peter just nods. Signing a quick thank you to the teacher before grabbing his dad’s hand and dragging him away.
“Oh,” Steve schools his face, adopting the same serious demeanor he does when the kids are telling him some very serious gossip that occurred over lunch. “I wouldn’t dream of it Tony. This mug is a treasure.”
“Meet Peter.” The woman lifts a small child to sit on the counter.
Barely a year later Stark Industries is no longer involved in weapons manufacturing, they’re taking over the technology market and are investing incredible support into medical research.
“Do I need to know anything before we get there, kiddo?” Tony teases, grabbing Peter’s hand as they walk across the parking garage to the sleek black sedan he uses when he has to take Peter with him. Sports cars are long forgotten when he is transporting a child around. Peter just shakes his head, a silent no.
So, Tony is anxiously waiting while JARVIS calls every other bakery in the area because he needs a cake for this party. He needs this cake to show Peter he can be a good parent, that he can do so many of the things that Mary could. To show everybody that he can step up to the plate and be a fucking parent.
That doesn’t mean Tony Stark won’t bend the laws when he wants, he’ll bend them until they’re near breaking when somebody he loves is at risk. Tony Stark runs two red lights and breaks the speed limits to reach Steve in a record 17 minutes. Arriving shortly before 3 am.
“I,” Steve’s voice is husky, the pupils of his eyes blown wide. He leans in, touches his forehead to Tony’s.
The next song starts, a beautiful orchestral sound filling the kitchen as Tony plops MJ back on the counter. Before boogying over to his son. As the beat slowly starts to pick up Ned begins banging on a set of pretend drums, Peter starts air guitaring as Tony sings the first words of the song into the ladle he’s been holding. Watching Tony like this, care-free and smiling, makes Steve’s heart full.
The cake comes only 20 minutes before the party is supposed to end. It’s a school night, and Tony doesn’t expect the kids to stay after 7:30, so when the cake lady steps off the elevator at 7:10 Tony’s throat is tight.
Three hours later, as a new episode of Buffy starts and Ned’s soft snores are drowned out by the theme song. Steve is sure this is the happiest he’s been, ever.
It doesn’t take him long to find Steve’s hide-a-key
“I’m afraid it’s the only way to make up for the cold shoulder,” Steve pauses for a beat, then adds. “And the most delicious.”
“Hey boss, we’re here.”
“Yes, Ned,” Tony laughs. “You won.”
MJ only nods, an austere look on her face as she spirals a huge serving of whipped topping onto her sundae.
), he knows that the elevator ride down to the garage where he parks his bike is
“Are like energizer bunnies and literally never stop fucking going? Normally Peter goes down easily. He has a routine you know? But when you mix him with his friends…” Tony trails off, adding some spices then tasting the contents of the huge pot in front of him. Tony moans softly in satisfaction, eyes closed as his head tilts back slightly, tongue darting out to catch broth as it tries to dribble down his chin.
Tony opens his mouth, words on the tip of his tongue, before they’re off. Peter drags MJ and Ned behind him. He stops at every glass case, explaining in detail what he knows about the insect inside. He continues using the mixture of sign and speech when talking to his friends.
The bug room is just that. An exhibit dedicated solely to insects. Steve watches as Peter’s eyes take in the room. Growing wider with every display.
. It’s nine-thirty a.m. New York is a little chilly this morning at 52 degrees Fahrenheit.” It’s a normal day and wouldn’t be an issue if Tony had gone to bed at a reasonable time, not just two hours prior, after a 72 hour long workshop bender.
“It… it’s not s-safe Tony.”
?” Steve’s voice is broken, lost in a way that immediately jerks Tony into the land of the sober and the waking.
Sweats and a t-shirt work for pajamas tonight. He crawls into bed more tired than he has been in years. His day has been emotional and nerve-wracking. Quickly Tony falls into a deep dreamless sleep.
Bruce, Clint and Steve are still here. They’re taking down decorations and storing them delicately in the packaging Steve had brought.
“Do you want to have a Halloween party this year?” Tony keeps his voice light. He doesn’t want to be too intense, doesn’t want to scare Peter. But since he had taken Peter in this is the furthest he has gotten in discovering any of his son’s likes or dislikes.
“Sometimes I really wish they had never found me.”
“Jay, why am I up?” Tony’s words are still muffled his head remains pushed into the pillows. He thinks maybe if he doesn’t allow the sunlight to touch his eyes then he won’t have to give in and wake up.
“Well,” Tony clears his throat, sensing the conversation won’t be moving further unless he pushes. “Our tea is cold, but it seems like you’re feeling better… do you want to try and get some more sleep? It’s almost seven, but it’s a Saturday. I figure you can let yourself sleep in.”
Peter signs, a confident, lazy smirk takes over his face. Steve thinks for a moment that Peter looks so much like Tony.
They run off, Tony’s ears soaking up the sound of Peter’s laughter as MJ whispers something in his ear. Maybe this isn’t going to be horrible after all.
“Yes, good. I—well, I’m glad. That’s good, right?” Tony questions, absentmindedly running the wet towel over his chest, lingering for a moment over the arc reactor.
He chaperones class trips and sends texts with cat memes.
“Arthropods!”
Steve opens the fridge and pulls open the drawer Tony instructed him to look in. The first thing he sees is a small container holding… peanut butter and celery. The snack reminds him of childhood. Weekend sleep overs with Bucky. Humming Steve pulls the Tupperware container out of the fridge only to see the raisins. Tony’s chuckles turn into full laughs as the children around him start snickering as well.
“No!” Steve shouts, voice echoing in the small space. Tony doesn’t dwell on the way it cracks, breaking in a way that breaks his heart.
“N-no. Maybe. I, I-I think. Did… did I call you?”
“Don’t forget to build your sundae, Rogers.” Tony warns, shoving a bowl into Steve’s hands. “It’s a requirement. Sundae Sunday cannot start until all members have a sundae in hand.”
“So, wanna go out with me this weekend?” Tony asks, trying to focus on anything other than how Steve is physically holding him up because his knees are still jelly. “I can find a sitter for Peter, or if you don’t mind maybe Peter could come along? Or we don’t have to. I know you’re... well you’re you and I’m me and that might be weird because you’re my son’s teacher. Would that be weird? You know I haven’t read anywhere about teachers and parents, I mean not that I’m looking because I have a crush on you. Not that I have a crush on you I just… Please make me stop talking.” Tony sighs, taking in the laughter in Steve’s eyes. So many thoughts run through his head in that moment, he wonders how such a kiss could lead to nothing.
“Fell asleep on the couch, kiddo.” Steve smiles, gesturing to himself. Showing the kids he’s wearing the outfit from yesterday.
The five-minute steep time passes quickly, Tony removes the tea bags.
A moment of silence passes, when Steve thinks he might have some small iota of Tony’s attention again he speaks. “To start with. I get more than three to four hours of sleep a night.”
The energy continues throughout the building, from room to room, floor to floor. The kids are practically bouncing off the walls as they interact with the exhibits, asking questions and manipulating the parts they can. They work their way through exhibits that feature blocks for building. Here Steve watches as Tony takes the time to explain to Ned why his first attempt didn’t work, how they can improve the design and then try again. Ned smiles the whole time, soaking up the information as well as Tony’s attention.
“Never leave me,” Tony chuckles, quickly pouring his coffee into a to-go mug so he can take Peter to school.
Tony looks stricken for a second, as if he can’t consider a situation in which his son would be concerned about his wellbeing.
“Yes, honey, we are able to do that, and we can invite as many of your classmates as you would like.”
Steve falls asleep with a silly kind of smile on his face.
“I’m glad you like your art teacher. Hopefully I can meet him soon?”
Steve nods, prompting Tony to pull the man over. He adjusts so he’s sitting sideways on the couch, legs crossed under Steve’s head. Skittishly Tony runs slim fingers through Steve’s hair, massaging lightly at his scalp as he does.
JARVIS ferries Bruce and Steve up, dropping them off in the penthouse right on time. Tony is still flying around in a ball of nervous energy. He’s placing call after call because ten minutes ago Peter reminded him of something important.
Peter loves bath time, which makes it easy. He plays and giggles and let’s Tony wash his hair just fine. He asks Tony to refill the tub with more bubbles twice, huge doe-eyes large and full of excitement each time. How can Tony say no? He draws the line when Peter’s head starts drooping, eyes falling closed for long seconds before jerking back open.
“Thank you,” Tony whispers, voice so soft Steve barely catches the gratitude.
“He’s a good kid, only eats alone because of the sign language and he’s small. I don’t like bullies so I eat with him. It’s a small way to help.” Steve’s answering smile is beaming, Tony’s first thought is to compare it to the sun. To figure out a way to recreate it in the lab and make it a form of sustainable energy. “He invited me to a Halloween party you’re having?”
When Tony playfully smears whipped topping on the noses of the three children Steve thinks this might be the happiest he’s been since ma took him and Bucky on that vacation to Boston.
“No,” Steve’s voice is insistent now. The way Peter sounds when he wants ice cream badly enough he’ll actually speak to Tony for it instead of poking his father in the sides and signing to him.
He shifts, scooting his chair so he is sitting next to Tony instead of across for him. The younger man only has one minute to mourn the loss of Steve’s touch before the man is leaning back into his space. Steve rests his head on Tony’s shoulder, sighing contentedly when Tony begins to card his fingers through Steve’s soft blonde hair.
Tony does not yelp, thank god, but if he jumps and his breathless “holy shit!” is an octave higher than normal, well that is between him and the intruder in his house.
Steve thinks for a moment that where he stands now is so close to where they shared their first kiss. A few feet to his left the glass wall shows the New York skyline, picturesque as lights from the skyscrapers twinkle like stars. It’s breathtaking. Steve’s fingers twitch with the desire to put the scene on paper. He wants to sketch the way the view makes him feel. He wants to draw Tony with the cityscape at his back.
“Jay,” Tony chokes out, voice tight as anxiety sweeps through his body.
“JARVIS,” Tony starts, hoping Pepper won’t have to work too hard to clear his schedule for the next evening.
“He’s your art teacher?” Peter nods, stepping onto the stool in front of the sink. “Well, I’m glad he sits with you. We should thank him shouldn’t we Pete?” Tony waits while Peter finishes washing his hands, little brows furrowing together in the middle as he concentrates on ensuring that his hands are clean. He steps down from the sink, dries his hands and nods.
It takes less time than usual, only fifteen minutes, for Tony to get a partied-out Peter bathed and in bed. It’s not even eight when Tony tucks Peter in, kissing his forehead and signing ‘I love you’ to his son. Peter hasn’t said it back yet, Tony isn’t rushing him. His mom died only six months ago. So, when Peter sleepily holds up his right hand, middle and index finger pointed down and holds it out to Tony, his heart clenches a bit.
“But—“ and Tony can’t finish his sentence, the words hang thick in the air.
“Jaaaaay,” Tony stretches the A.I.’s name out, still not quite trusting his voice to operate at normal volumes. “Whothefuckisinmyhouseandwhydidyouletthemup?”
Say what you will about Tony Stark, but he isn’t going to let his child suffer.
him from? He is small, five or six by Tony’s guess, with huge brown eyes and curly brown hair sitting in a mess on his head. At first glance the boy looks as if he has been pulled straight from one of Tony’s baby photos.
The noise only increases when Steve steps off the elevator. He finds himself in the living room, music and voices drift in from another room. The smell of cooking food mixes in giving Steve a warm feeling of
“I used ta be this li’l guy,” Steve whispers. His breath ghosts over the sensitive skin of Tony’s neck and the man has to bite down on a shudder. “I used ta be smaller ‘an you. I was probably 100 pounds soaking wet.”
“Well,” Tony sighs, checking his watch before turning to Steve. “It appears we are no longer needed. Peter has this under control. Want to run down and grab a coffee real quick?”
