yes, i did make michael and lucifer twins. then i was like wait. luci is going to be a she. because i can lmao.
Castiel closes his eyes at her touch, a bone deep sigh leaving his lungs. "I don't know what to do with me either."
i did not abandon this story, but i did have a month long manic episode + get distracted by reading five books (ps the six of crows duology and simon snow trilogy are SO GOOD). sorry i'm rolling up in here weeks later like it ain't no thing. anyway. the song for this chapter are i wanna be yours by the arctic monkeys & unwell by matchbox 20.
Instead of stopping to see what it is his friends are laughing at on Meg’s phone, he strides past them, drawing Dean’s concerned attention. The girl’s eyes follow.
Just as she says this, a young, pretty redhead opens the door to the left of Kelly’s desk. Castiel never could figure out how the doctor managed to remain practically ageless, even as he changed drastically. But he knew better than to ask a lady her age and chalked it up to great genetics. He'd been a patient of Anna’s for as far back as he could remember. At the earliest, ten years of age; though he couldn't remember that far back very well. This was something he had been reassured was "common" for "someone with his condition,” but the sentiment didn’t exactly make him feel any better.
"Captivating," Castiel says, but he smiles softly all the same. "Are you going to ask me what my favorite song is next? Flower, maybe?"
Dean offers his bottle, but Cas shakes his head. "I had a rather adverse reaction to mixing alcohol with my medication last night that I’d rather not repeat."
The sound that leaves him is strangled as he swallows back an audible sob, his hands wringing in his lap. He wants to hold on to his best friend and not let go. He wants to push him away so he can breathe. Breathing hurts. He’s trying so hard not to hyperventilate. He’s shaking. He’s shaking, but he’s holding Dean’s gaze and willing himself to focus.
His whole body jolts and he nearly flies across the room to his closet when Dean speaks.
That is until his hands begin to tingle.
Reaching the edge of the sidewalk outside of Amanda's house introduces a new problem: getting into the shiny black car in front of them without him falling on his ass. It doesn't seem to phase Dean at all - he opens the door with Castiel still on his arm and easily gets him seated and buckled in like he's done this a million times. Maybe he has.
“Working on it,” he says and rushes back out the door.
. The real question is, doth thou wish to join the Queen of Moons this afternoon on the battlefield? I need men."
"Of course."
He'll have to tell Dean eventually. He just has to have the right words, which are hard to find when he doesn't have an explanation as to why his father disapproves of Dean. In the meantime, each time the thought gnaws at him, he distracts himself with learning more about his new friend.
"I thought you said they make me look like a 'huge fucking poser'?" He adds air quotes for emphasis.
been someone with one poster on his wall. Until one day, he’d tacked up a photobooth strip of him and Meg that made him happy. Then came a bee-unicorn keychain from Charlie. (“When I saw it, I thought of you and Meg’s friendship meet cute story!” she’d told him when she’d gifted to him for his birthday.) From there on out, the collection had grown, like an oversized crow’s treasure trove. Post-it notes and polaroids, quarter machine rope necklaces, lyric sheets out of CDs he’d long since lost, wristbands from concerts. If he could staple, tape, or tack it, it was there, a memory book of his life.
"That, uh, that definitely answers my question. Hang on." Dean digs under the sink cabinet for a hand towel and dampens it, holding it out like a lifeline. "Here."
"Wouldn't dream of it," she says, breaking Castiel from his reverie and ushering the boys out the door in front of her. They both manage to get a thank you in before the door closes behind them.
thanks for reading, angels. this fic is bound to have some small edits made as i go along, but i hope you enjoy. also, all my chapters have a hidden reference to songs i was listening to while writing them in some way, so have fun playing ispy. for chapter one, the songs are tipsy by j-kwon and drunkface by machine gun kelly.
"I haven't lived without it, so it's normal to me. Unfortunate and occasionally irksome, but nothing I’m not used to." He can’t bring himself to make eye contact all the same; he always feels slightly alien talking about the crossed wires in his brain.
“Now come on. Tonight, we are young.”
"Don't think you need to treat him any different," Meg says, always on the defense when it comes to the possibility of people judging him. "He just hears voices if he doesn't take his two pill breakfast of champions."
There's a split second between wishing Dean would step back and his stomach violently lurching.
"My girlfriend?" He asks, entertaining the idea that this may be the waking world after all.
The four friends arrive at an elaborate red cloth tent that looks out of place next to its white vinyl neighbors. The curtains that make up the doorway are held back by tasseled golden ropes and are only open just enough to allow the smell of incense and the sound of soft music to flow out from within. A wrought iron easel sits out front holding a hand painted wooden sign that reads “The Mystic Lady: Madame Pamela Barnes” in bold gothic lettering. A dark haired beauty peers out as they approach, greeting them with a welcoming smile and waving them inside.
He, his little brother Sam, and their father John had breezed into town right before the start of Castiel's Junior year, attracting the expected amount of gossip amongst the tight-knit community about their arrival. The story was that John and his then-pregnant wife, Mary, had previously lived there for a brief time before abruptly leaving in the middle of the night and not returning. Rumors differed as to why they left, but even the nosiest of neighbors wouldn't speak too terribly ill of Mary, who had since passed away. Castiel's father never once spoke on the subject himself, so he found himself taken aback when he mentioned the new kid, Dean Winchester, playing a prank on the hellish math teacher one night at the dinner table only to be cut off with a sharp "Winchester? As in John's son?"
"My apologies, I've been told I'm not great at understanding 'personal space'," Cas says, hand slipping back to his side.
"You move like you've known each other six lifetimes over and look at each other like you're God's gift and he's something worth praising. Makes my insides all warm and fuzzy. I hate it because it doesn't belong to me. I love it because damn, what a sight you are when falling in love."
(See the end of the chapter for
A slow smile crosses Charlie’s face as she shifts her gaze between the two boys before she catches Castiel’s eyes and winks. She gives Stevie a nudge with her elbow and says, “Babe, why don’t we go discuss that D&D meeting we were talking about planning?”
Castiel had planned to bring it up, once. Then Dean made a thoughtless joke about something being "super gay" later that day and he had decided it was best to keep it to himself for now. Sure, Dean could be a flirt, it was just a part of his personality; Cas had seen it in action plenty over the past month they'd spent together. But he would never be romantically interested, no matter what looks Meg thought she saw. Dean simply talked about women - and their assets - far too much.
"Who?" He spins her out in front of him before pulling her back in.
"Okay, stop. I get that you're mad at me. I'm sorry. I'm not even going to try to tell you what to do about your dad. I just don't think you're the only one with dirty little secrets."
"It's fine. I was-" He meets the eyes of the voice's owner.
"Alright, kids. I'll be right across the street at the coffee shop working on my laptop," he'd told them. "You have fun."
"like that," but he doesn’t want to unpack that. Not for himself, and definitely not for Anna. Especially when she's acting so uncharacteristically intense about it. “He’s just a lot different than I expected. Meg even likes him, and you know how she is.”
"Never would've pegged you as a fairgoer, big guy. I like the outfit. Very Prince Charming." She gives him and Cas a once over with a smirk. "Prince Charming
“What’s this friend’s name?” Anna’s tone is strangely pressing. She seems to catch herself, smoothing her tense features back into order.
“Is he okay?” Charlie asks.
"Makes sense," Dean shrugs, and Castiel is thankful for his lack of prying. "We'll just take you to Meg's place, then. I'll call her in the car." He rises, holding out a hand to offer support.
people he should leave behind while he's at it. “And with that, I’m sorry to say that I have to conclude our visit for today. Only a few more before you go. I’ll walk you out.”
He can hear Dean telling the girls to wait there, but he doesn’t slow his pace to see if he’s being followed. Instead, the faster his heart beats, the faster he walks. By the time he’s clear of the crowd closest to Pam’s tent, he breaks into a run. He can hear Dean calling his name from somewhere behind him, but it’s nearly drowned out by the frantic pounding in his head.
“I don’t know,” Meg answers. “Cas?”
With that, he pushes through the curtains, wanting to get as far away as quickly as possible. Being in this tent suddenly feels suffocating. There’s a familiar tightness rising in his chest, the rush of fight or flight overtaking him. It doesn’t make sense why this was happening now. It doesn’t make sense, but that doesn’t matter. He has to leave.
Castiel isn’t sure what to do with someone seeking his approval, but it isn't unwelcome. "Sure," He says, unable to hide the way his lips twitch upwards. "Ruby, how much do we owe you?"
, he types,
He and Meg don't have the chance to say anything before Dean replies, “I guess we'll have to see if they want to keep me around."
“His name is David.”
She doesn’t immediately begin to stir, and he silently wills her to snap out of her daze. When her fingers finally relax, he retracts his hands, rubbing at his wrists that are now marked red.
"Please. My standards are higher than that." He pushes off of the door frame and downs the last of his drink before changing the subject. "You know, you promised to get me drunk so we could live out our dying youth. All I am is bored."
"Oh," Castiel answers, ever the eloquent one.
For the second time today, it’s like Dean can read his mind. He swallows, hard. He licks his bottom lip.
Dressed and ready to pretend the interaction hadn’t happened for both of their sakes, he leads Dean downstairs through the side door in the kitchen before flipping on the light to the garage. His car sits in the middle, surrounded by odds and ends and the fake Christmas tree they’ve had for years. She’s still a beauty, Cas thinks, and she shines in the flickering fluorescent light.
Another message appears:
Something else occurs to him, just as his phone goes off again. He pats frantically at his pockets. Shit. His brand new credit card was in there.
“David. His name is David. He found me when I was emptying my stomach in my classmate's bathroom during the party we’d gone to and assisted me before taking me home. I didn’t think we’d speak beyond that, but….” There was so much to say about the friendship they’d built so quickly and so fiercely, but it felt almost private, in a way. “We share a profound bond now, he and I.”
"Can I tell you something, Cas?" He asks finally.
"Whatcha lookin' at?" Meg interrupts his train of thought and follows his line of sight. She cocks an eyebrow at him and a smirk crosses her lips. "Not Mr. Jawline? Daddy said no bad boys, Cas."
"I'm not understanding your point?"
“I wouldn’t doubt it. May I?” he asks, reaching for the driver’s door handle.
“I fucking hate this song,” She wrinkles her nose in disgust at the upbeat pop song playing on the radio but doesn’t move to change it. Before any of them know it, they're singing along together as loud as they can.
Meg keeps her promise.
but that doesn’t mean you can’t still make a life for yourself. For Sam. I don’t need to see the grades you made in high school to know you are intelligent, clever, ambitious… kind. You’ve got a good heart, Dean. Don’t let your self doubt break it.”
Castiel falls back onto the floor, running his hands along his face and taking in a deep breath, exhaling with a "Fuuuuck."
"Just men? Where's my Queen of Gender Equality?" Meg says.
“Neither can I,” he smiles softly. “I’ll miss you once I’m gone.”
"Yeah, I'm mad. Mad that I apparently made you feel like I'm one of those types of people." In the reflection of the side mirror, Cas watches him fidget, his eyebrows drawn together. "Look man, none of that matters to me. I just- I just need you to know that, okay?"
Strange, how suddenly it ends, after so many years spent getting here.
“I wish I could take you and Kelly with me, but I keep telling myself that change is good.”
It's well into the night (morning?) when Castiel finds himself in an upstairs bathroom with no recollection of how he got there. What he does know is that he's absolutely shitfaced in the worst possible way and the farther he disassociates, the more uneasy he feels.
"I guess I love you, too," He'd answered, like it was no big deal, but only because he didn't want her to be embarrassed. Meg wasn't much for affection, and she sure as hell didn't share her feelings with just anyone. To be loved by her was a privilege few had.
Castiel thinks, an uninvited observation. The type of handsome that begs to be acknowledged, even in passing. The type of handsome that can only be logically paired with beautiful girls like Amanda.
There isn't room for argument in Dean's response. "Don't apologize."
Meg agreed on the women being art take, in a much more
It's almost easy to forget that every night, he's been dreaming of The Whispers growing angrier about the time the pair spend together, just like it's almost easy to forget that he's been rushing out the door to avoid his dad asking what he and Meg are doing for the day and telling himself that withholding information and lying aren't the same.
"A week ago, I wouldn’t have even entertained the thought of disregarding my father’s wishes like this. Am I just late to full-blown teenage rebellion?"
He never really was much for doing things half-heartedly.
“Castiel.”
Castiel remembers reading a book once, The Perks Of Being A Wallflower, that he really loved. There's a line that says, “In that moment, I swear we were infinite.” He'd never entirely understood what that meant, but he thinks this has to be it.
, he thinks as he heads towards the front door.
"No. If you met me and listened to the way I verbally emphasize my appreciation of the male physique, would you guess I also love women?"
“Same old shit. Dad’s going to be gone a few days on a hunting trip. I’ve heard that before.” He keeps his eyes averted, running a hand across the back of his neck. “Hey, do you maybe wanna take your car for a spin tomorrow? I know somewhere we can go, backroads.”
If he wasn’t sure about his feelings for Dean Winchester before, he was now.
“It’s not like that.” He finds himself wishing sometimes that it
Soon, he'll have a car of his own to drive to his monthly office visits: a truly glorious gold 1978 Lincoln Continental Mark V that Dean lovingly refers to as the "Pimpmobile" and Meg refers to as "fucking ugly."
"Fuuuuuuuck."
Meg still hasn't spoken, and she keeps her eyes hyper focused on the road as she grows closer to their destination. The irritated fire in Castiel's chest is fizzling out, replaced by guilt he wished he didn't feel. After everything they'd shared with each other over the past few weeks, maybe he should've known Dean wouldn't judge him.
"That's the best part. I love seeing you be naughty. Plus, fuck what your dad says. He’s always been overprotective. It's not like he's ever even explained why he hates Dean's dad so much - and so what? It's not like they're the same person." She slides the phone back into his hand. "Call me the devil on your shoulder, but I say play with fire. I know you want to."
For the first time in a long time, he was excited for what came next.
But the party is far from over, as far as Meg is concerned.
She shrugged and glanced away as if she'd been caught doing something she shouldn't. "I just love you, I guess."
But when someone is with him, speaking to him, their presence demands attention. It’s like a switch being flipped in his brain, reminding the turmoil that it can leak out from his eyes in the form of tears, his mouth in the way of sobs, or his limbs through tremors. If someone asks him if he’s okay, the switch always flips. The tears always start. And God, are they hard to stop.
He is struck by the feeling of being in a dream yet again. Everything around him seems to flow so smoothly, from the way the boy's lips next to him move along to the lyrics to the yellow glow of passing streetlights dancing on their skin. He notices that Dean has freckles, faint and spattered across his cheeks like tiny constellations, that offset how rough around the edges he usually seems in an endearing boyish way. There's something soft about him up close that Castiel can't place; like this version - one that is perfectly at ease and not playing the part that the daylight expects of him - is the real Dean.
The typing bubble hovers at the corner of the screen, taunting him, before Dean replies:
He sits his phone face down on the bed and says, coolly, "My father sends his love."
"I’m game if Cas is," Dean says, unaffected by Meg’s lack of filter.
“Hey, we’ve all been there,” Dean laughs, giving Cas a clap on the shoulder. He pats his pockets, taking out a black billfold. "Oh, before I forget, here's your wallet."
A girl with shiny dark curls and heeled leather boots under her polyester gown pushes (if not a bit aggressively) towards him through the crowd that has dissolved into joyful chaos, and he instantly matches the grin that shows off her dimples. He's already waiting to catch her when she practically dives into his arms and clutches him tight enough that their hearts pound against each other's chests.
He cringes away from the speaker when he's met with Meg's blaring radio before she turns it down. “What’s up, ho nugget? You done at the shrink? Because I'm on my way.”
“Many will seek power, but it is love that will bring heaven and hell to its knees.”
He does as he’s told and pauses to look at himself in her dirty bathroom mirror. He's the type of lean and tall that's not unheard of for a high school boy, with deep brunet hair that's perpetually a bit of a mess with tiny curls at the nape of his neck and a face that always seems a little too serious until he smiles. His eyes are a stark contrast to his equally dark brows and lashes, and Meg always calls them a shade of blue unlike all the other blues, but he has no idea what exactly that means. To him, they’re just blue, common among the men in his family.
"For one, you puked in front of the guy then told him he was pretty, yet he still wants to see you. The ice isn't just broken. It’s shattered." She tosses a piece of popcorn and he catches it in his mouth without moving. They’d had a lot of practice. "Secondly, you've led yourself astray. I'm just along for the ride."
"Why, do you know him?"
“Of course, Anna. Always a pleasure to see you as well.” She’d made it clear that she preferred he call her by her first name instead of her title long ago. It was likely a gesture to build trust between them and make seeing a professional seem less intimidating, what with Castiel first coming to her so young, but he’d never questioned it. It was a thoughtful gesture, if so.
"Wonderful. Now you sound mad."
“Okay.”
“I was going to brave sneaking him into my garage to look at my car while dad is gone to that writer’s seminar over the weekend.”
“How many times do I have to tell you not to discredit her profession?”
this chapter describes a panic attack, so if that bothers you, this is a lil heads up. my apology comes in the form of offering you the first Big Romantic Tension Moment. i really enjoyed writing this chapter, so i hope y'all enjoy reading it. my inspo songs were i wanna be your girlfriend by girl in red and private fears in public space by front porch step.
They meet each other’s eyes across the small space between them, falling into a companionable silence. Castiel knows he should look away. That it’s long past the point of reasonable eye contact. If it were anyone else, he would.
Meg snickers. That's one way to put it. She would tell you that her parents are just a bit… complicated… but that they love her in their own messy way. Castiel knew that was true to a point, but he could never quite make peace with the fact that in all the years he'd known them, all they'd ever done was chase the youth they lost to raising their only daughter as an infant. They always show up for things like graduations, birthdays, and holidays, at least. Still, Meg had spent a lot of time raising herself in the blank spaces between those occasions. She was used to alone until she met Cas.
Pam seems dazed, blinking rapidly as she lifts her head, but offers an attempt at a reassuring smile. “How did I do? Did the guides have anything interesting to say?”
Ruby is in full support of this heedless adventure, though she can hardly believe that reserved young Castiel Novak is ready and willing to sit in her chair and have a needle shoved through his skin. "This is awesome. I love seeing the nerdy ones finally do something they normally wouldn't."
"Than telling him I'm-" He stops short, remembering that he doesn't know this person at all. His sexuality is still murky waters that he'd rather not tread with strangers. "Than telling him I'm out participating in these types of activities."
Dean focuses everywhere but on Cas, then takes a long look at his friend's face as if this were the first time he'd ever really seen him. His features twist into something painfully close to annoyance, and he nods before climbing in the back.
There are a few things Castiel regrets the next morning. Some he could forgive himself for. Drunk-sleep texting Dean is not one of them.
Stevie doesn’t miss a beat. Castiel swears they function on the same wavelength. “I think we should. See you guys later.”
"What are you talking about?"
To which Castiel had replied:
Cas thinks. He turns to look back out the window, unfocused, his eyelids fluttering closed.
Castiel's fingers itch to reach out and comfort him, to rest his hand over his friend's that is currently gripping the railing a little too hard. Instead, he places it gingerly on Dean's shoulder. There's a sudden halt in his knifework, a stiffness to his muscles like a frightened animal bristling under the watchful eye of a waiting predator. But then Dean takes a shaky breath and the tension bleeds from his skin just as fast as it had come.
“Guess I’ll see you boys later, then,” Meg smiles at Dean in the rearview mirror. “Have fun.”
"Please."
He nods, turning to get in the car, but Dean cuts him off and opens the door for him.
Castiel wouldn't be so apprehensive about calling his father if A) he wasn't about to lie, which he only ever did to cover for Meg, rather than himself and B) she wasn't staring so intently at him as he listened to the phone ring.
"Let him watch."
Meg tugs on Castiel's hand, urging him to walk with her. Her knowing smirk is lost on her best friend, who can't seem to look away from Dean. "Alright, Romeo. Let's get you to bed."
He gestures vaguely at the space around them. “Well, this is my bedroom.”
“I could lend you some clothes if you’d like?”
This is such a bad idea.
songs for this chapter are 3am by halsey and dazed & confused by led zeppelin. <3
It feels safe to rest here in this unfamiliar car with the now-familiar Winchester boy.
He does as he’s told, if not hesitantly, their hands clasped on either side of the crystal ball. Pam closes her eyes, her perfectly arched eyebrows coming together in concentration, and begins.
Ah. Yes. He keeps forgetting that big college adventures mean a new town and a fresh start with a doctor he’s never met. The idea of severing from Anna’s care after a practical lifetime of sameness fills him with a vague sense of dread, so he’d been doing his best not to think about it.
He's so wrapped up in the anger that finds itself building in his chest that he doesn’t notice Meg moving to leave.
Dean sees him first, and a huge grin instantly forms on his face.
"I'll help you remember." Castiel's tone is solid and sure, enough that Dean finally makes eye contact again. His lips twitch, the ghost of a smile, and there's a long moment where they just look at each other, captured in a private moment that words can't touch.
take down the enemy way too easily."
There's plenty to learn.
That’s it. That’s what was happening.
His eyes dart around the room as if holds the answers to what must be very well practiced magic tricks. She could have had itching power on her hands or something, right? Only this doesn’t itch. It almost feels like it’s
"Shut up," She gives him a playful punch to the shoulder. "Anyway, you guys wanna join?"
"I'm glad I'm the one who hit you with a door while you were throwing up in someone's bathroom. Would've sucked if we hadn't met."
"I wasn't, but I'm going to now."
Dean clutches the clothes as if they were a gift, lips twitching into a small smile for the shortest moment. “Okay.”
"This is going to be a show," Meg says.
The music filling the room is so loud that it feels like the beat is playing the drums on Castiel's ribcage.
"You'll never guess who can't take his eyes off you," Meg raises her voice over the music. Lost in his trailing thoughts, Cas is brought back into his surroundings.
He can feel Dean’s arms around him, keeping him still, keeping him safe. The type of hug that feels like the other person is physically putting every bit of their heart into it. A transfer of healing energy that only deep affection can bring.
"I'm being festive. I also may have smooth talked a couple of Charlie's theater kid friends that have keys to places they shouldn't. Wait until you see Dean."
"Sounds like it's time to Google some dream meanings, huh?"
He can't think of the last time he felt so open and free, right down to his core. A moment of simple happiness like this is what people spend their days praying for, searching for, and once they find it, they never stop trying to replicate it.
He was always somewhere out of reach. Always silent, but something about him called to Castiel. The need to get to him was almost maddening, like Dean held secrets Castiel was destined to hear. Every time he got too close, though, his father's voice would ring out around him, echoed by The Whispers, telling him to stay away. He wanted to question them, to ask them why. When he went to speak, nothing came out. They'd silenced him.
"Thanks, cuz,” She tells Ruby. “I’ll see you around. I’m going to go see what other trouble I can convince these innocent kids to get into."
Castiel takes it, allowing himself to be pulled unsteadily to his feet, and Dean pulls him back into his arms like an anchor keeping a ship from drifting out to sea. He feels a hand rest at the back of his head and buries his face in his best friend’s shoulder. He knows his tears must be soaking through his clothes, but all Dean says is, “I’ve got you.”
"Both of my boys are here!" Kelly, Anna’s receptionist, beams as he approaches the check-in desk with Steve at his feet. Kelly has a warm smile and a welcoming voice, and Cas was always glad to see her.  "How are you, Castiel?"
Charlie looks down at an imaginary watch. "Oh, in about... now. Come on, let me show you the ropes."
manner. They met in the middle, the place where boys and their deep voices and long lashes were, and found common ground. Experiments were made and lessons were learned along the path to this conclusion—some things they chose never to mention again.
Meg's face conveys everything she doesn't speak verbally.
"I'm glad you hit me with a door, too," Castiel says. He makes a failed attempt at feigning seriousness but can't hold back the chuckle that bubbles up in his chest. Dean holds his somber expression a little bit longer before he starts giggling, which just makes both of them laugh harder.
"Would you guess I love women?"
He didn't mention it to Dean the day he told him his favorite color, but when things make him genuinely happy, it feels like yellow looks. A soft shade, like filtered sunlight through the thin curtain of a reading nook while reading a gripping novel. Or the color of an old blanket laid out on the grass for a picnic on a perfect afternoon. Warm. Safe. Comforting.
(See the end of the chapter for
This seems to work, for the most part, and Anna offers a smile that doesn’t meet her eyes. “That’s great! I know how hard you’ve worked to get where you are. You will excel just like you have for the rest of your school career. We’ll miss seeing you here, but my colleague, Hannah, is so excited to meet you. She’ll be sure to take great care of you.”
The young scholar is, undoubtedly, a bit neurotic. His psychiatrist will tell you that it comes with the funny little mental illness that he takes medication for every morning. But this evening, entrapped by the surrealism of his high school career coming to an end, he does not have time to feel his usual nervous disconnect—just pride.
What he's met with instead is the door opening and hitting him before he can even turn the knob.
Meg abruptly snorts and covers her mouth. “Sorry,” she says, and Cas shoots her a withering look.
His vision is bleary, and the look on Dean's face is unreadable, though he could swear it betrays something close to fondness. He lets himself be guided out of the car and to his best friend's front door, where she is waiting to take him under her arm.
“Damn right you wouldn’t,” Dean lowers his phone, sitting up. “Whoa, dude. Put some clothes on, will ya?”
There's also a little black cat named Steve who lives on the front porch, always twisting around the chipped railings or slumbering on the wooden steps. Today, he greats Castiel with a happy little "mrrrow".
"It's probably best I take your word for it," Chuck gives his son's shoulder a solid clap. "Don't do anything I'll have to pay bail for."
His fingers twitch in his lap, tempted to reach out and touch to see if the person next to him feels as real as he looks, just for a moment. The urge is nearly magnetic. What would it hurt if this is all an illusion?
“I’d like that,” he says instead. “I’d also like to take off this costume and wash the parking lot filth off of myself, so I’ll be right back.”
"Watch out, shithead," She reaches for it and unlocks the screen. There's a moment of silence. A tiny gasp is stifled by her comforter. "Oh, baby, no. You didn't." A beat passes, and Meg shoots straight up, phone in hand, hair a mess. "Oh my fucking god. 'You aren't so bad yourself.' Is he flirting? Is this actual flirting I am reading with my own two beautiful eyes?"
“Castiel. Great to see you. Come with me, won’t you?”
"I do have what you could call a few 'screws loose,' I suppose." Castiel could swear that even in the muted lighting, Dean develops a bit of a blush, but he cuts off his sputtered apologies. "I’m not ashamed of it; it just doesn't usually come up in casual conversation."
He hadn’t had a surprise anxiety attack in years, not with perfect use of his medication, but it wasn’t unheard of. Sometimes they’d creep up on him without a trigger and there wasn’t much he could do about it. It was ill-timed instances like this that was always the worst.
“Where are you going, buddy?” Dean half-shouts as Cas rushes outside without acknowledging any of them.
“Thank you, Dean.”
Cas thought fortune tellers were bullshit, but Meg wasn't going to give him the option to say so.
He gives her shoulder a shove and she laughs again.
They share their goodbyes before Dean asks Castiel and Meg if they want to see something “generally unimpressive but far less crowded,” to which they agree.
Castiel moves to lean back against the headrest, watching Dean out of the corner of his eye. There's something so effortless about the way he turns the steering wheel one-handed and glances in his rearview mirror before reaching for the stereo dial. The engine rumbles below the tune of a mellow rock song that reaches out from the speakers and tells them:
His father had agreed to let Meg stay the night while her parents were "out of town" and told the pair that he would take them wherever they wanted for the day. They chose an afternoon out at the town's sad excuse for a movie theater to see some vampire movie Meg was excited about but would kill Castiel on the spot if he ever told anyone.
“Oh, Cas,” She chides, sitting back in her huge leather desk chair. "No serious side effects, I’m hoping?”
“C’mere,” Dean says, extending his hand.
There's that weird pang again, zapping him in the middle of his chest, the same one that was there the night before when he met Dean's eyes on the dancefloor. The idea of seeing him again is undeniably tempting. He wants to get to know him. Be his friend, even. It won't matter once he's gone for college, he tells himself. He doubts Dean is the type to keep in touch. His dad never has to know...
As if Meg Masters would ever get caught.
"No dancing until I can't remember that I'm doing it," he insists.
He tries to tell Dean thank you for helping him but ends up just saying, "Hello, Dean."
"Dean isn't-" She places a finger over his lips, shushing him.
Charlie changes the subject in the worst possible way. “Speaking of regret, Cas, didn’t I see you leave with Dean Win-“
"I'm sorry I snapped at you."
Apparently, Dean isn't too worried about answering too quickly, either.
A week later, the afternoon sky is overcast and eerily beautiful with the promise of rain to come as Castiel steps out of his father's old Mustang onto the gravel parking lot.
For a long time, no one knew where their interests lied but them. It was their little secret as they fumbled through the dizzying world of teenage hormones. Then one day, Castiel slipped up in front of their friends at lunch about how cute a guy in his English class was. There was a stilted silence among the table, though he could've sworn his heartbeat was audible at that moment.
His father smiles, moving to switch gears into reverse as Castiel pushes away from the car. “It’s my job to worry. I’ll see you Sunday, kid.”
What Castiel doesn't expect is for Dean to meet his curiosity and ask just as many questions.
She hangs up before he even has a chance to, leaving him standing there awkwardly at the edge of the porch. His phone dings and he’s ready to tell Meg to stop texting and driving like a complete heathen when he sees it’s a message from Dean.
“Well. I would suggest taking into consideration why your father doesn't like this individual. Maybe he sees something that you don't." She pauses, expectant, but Castiel remains silent. He's not going to explain himself to her, his father, or anyone. "But... I suppose that's for you to use your best judgment. I know you’re on your way to substantial changes soon, and I hope that they make for an easy transition.”
"Bye, Dean," Castiel slurs as he turns to walk away. "You're not as much of an asshole as people say you are."
All these emotions Cas's hopeful heart was experiencing were fleeting. They had to be. Plain and simple.
Pam takes a sharp breath at the same time Cas does. And when she speaks, her voice sounds like it barely belongs to her.
Between the exhaustion and his loose grip on reality, he falls asleep instantly.
“Did I hear my name?” Dean interrupts, appearing at Castiel’s side with a bottle in hand. He smiles in the way people who know they are the frequent subject of conversation do.
It was true. Kelly had been a witness to some of Castiel’s worst days, but she'd never judged him. She’d always been a maternal source of comfort, even before discovering she was on her way to becoming a mother to a child of her own.
"Castiel's phone," he answers. A slightly panicked female voice immediately speaks over him. "Meg, hey. It's Dean. I-" Meg cuts him off with something that draws a chuckle out of him. "Yeah,
The outfit she picked for him is the same as Dean's but in a color scheme of black, silver, and blue. But while Dean looks particularly dashing, Cas is sure that he looks at least mildly ridiculous. He avoids the mirror, running a hand through his hair and reaching for the boots that Meg had shoved into the bottom of the bag. They get hastily yanked on before he takes two steps at a time back downstairs, pulling the front door closed behind him and adjusting the hem of his shirt as he heads back down the front walk.
"Too bad I didn't ask if you thought it was interesting. Mine's red, I think." He pauses, eyes flickering over Cas's face for a brief second. "Maybe blue."
freezing. He opens his door as quietly as possible, praying that Dean is distracted by his phone and he can slip past him without causing too much of a spectacle.
“We’ll see you next time," Anna says, holding the door open for him. "Tell Meg and your new friend Dean I say hello.”
Meg stirs from under her covers, voice hoarse with sleep. "What did you do now?"
“You didn’t give me much of a choice, ma’am.”
With his phone in hand, Dean is lying half on the bed, half off like he’d sat down and got tired of waiting. The Doc Martens are loose at his ankles and the shirt Cas had given him is riding up in the slightest above the waistband of his joggers, showing a slice of his stomach and the dip of his hipbone.
“Alright, let’s go harass late night gas station workers.” She rolls all her windows down and turns her stereo all the way up before throwing her poor, abused old car into reverse.
“Hello?” he moves back further against the seat. “Hi, dad. What’s up?” There’s a low hum of John Winchester’s voice over the line, and Dean begins to frown as he goes on. “Yeah. Yeah, I’ll be home soon. Alright. Bye.”
He hangs up, eyebrows drawn together, and shakes his head. There’s something there in his face, like a choice has been made and it hasn’t been made lightly.
Sometimes, when he looked at them, it was all yellow.
Castiel does as he’s told. Dean stares out the windshield, quiet for a moment. “I wish I could go with you.”
The way Cas and Meg's duo turns into a trio is practically seamless. One would never be able to guess that Dean had been a stranger to them nearly three weeks prior.
"Shut up, dude. Some chick dressed as a sexy fairy or something is bound to be all over you today."
That didn't invalidate the fact that when he looked at her, there wasn't a doubt in his mind that he'd be by her side for the rest of their lives. He didn't care that they were just two kids. She was his soulmate, if only platonically. That didn't mean he couldn't have more than one. Fairytale rules be damned. He just didn't know when he'd meet him.
"It never came up," Cas says, intending to leave it at that, but the words tumble out of him, unbidden. "Because I haven't even told my own family. Because I don't feel like I need to announce it to everyone I meet like it matters just as much as my name, or who I am as a person. Because sometimes people are kind to you until they find out you have romantic feelings for the same gender, and then they aren't."
"Alright, I'm not sorry. Can we move on and enjoy the rest of our day?"
“A Son of God will father the moon,” she says, her voice low. “A Daughter of Man will birth the sun…”
She's dressed to the nines in her pirate costume from two Halloweens past with some added embellishments, including the sheathed (presumably fake, but one could never be sure with Meg) dagger at her hip. She's quite the vision - all flowy fabrics, leather belts, and matching boots with the three-cornered captain's hat she'd found at a yard sale years ago placed on her head. Her eyes are lined dark and a new set of dangle earrings sway with her hair when she talks.
He feels a tap on his shoulder and sighs before reaching to turn down the music. "Dean, if you're going to be weird about it, we can take you home."
At some point, Cas
"Now that he knows, it can't be long."
He can feel Dean watching him sympathetically when his unexpected aide says, "You wanna lay down or something, man? You look... well, I've been there before."
"I'm sure it is, bud." Dean sounds amused.
Cas gives a wave, watching the sleek blue car drive away and feeling a lot like a child being dropped off for after school soccer practice – only it isn’t soccer practice. It’s an appointment to see his psychiatrist.
He wishes he could tell the sudden butterflies in his stomach to get the fuck back in their cocoons.
"I hate you." He doesn't.
The worst part of having a panic attack is being asked what’s wrong. For him, at least.
"Stay away from the Winchesters, Castiel. Stay away from Dean." His father's voice was stern and absolute. With that, he returned to his meal.
Sleep is still pulling at his mind, begging him to rest again, but he processes that Meg says thank you. Dean replies that it was more entertainment than he's had in a while, then something about putting his phone number in Cas's phone if she needs anything.
“I hope my friend’s futures are more easily decipherable,” Cas says, pushing his chair back. “What do I owe you?”
He looks fine, he guesses, so he walks out and stands in front of his best friend. “Is this what you wanted?”
It doesn't matter, though.
He laughs to himself. Dean is practically adorable when he’s excited about something. His endearing little quirks are not something Cas
"The slutty kind of dreams or the romantic kind of dreams?"
“Um, yeah,” he seems surprised. “Yeah. Thanks.” He runs a hand over the back of his neck.
He follows her down a short hallway that ends in a single white door to the left, one that is all too familiar to him, much like the red leather chair that waits for him across from Anna’s grand mahogany desk. Her study is a small room, always filled with the smell of woodsy scented candles and the soft sound of violin music coming from who knows where, and the vast majority of the space is taken up by the colorful rows of medical books that line the wall-to-ceiling shelves behind her. Anna's being religious is heavily implied by some of her decor, though Castiel has never personally asked her about her beliefs. Relics like intricate crosses and angel figurines hide among her literature collection; a framed bible verse sits next to a leatherbound book on anxiety disorders, reading “She is cloaked in strength and dignity and laughs without fear of the future – Proverbs 31:25” in rolling script.
Anna laughs, but it’s lacking its usual sincerity. There’s something off about the energy in the room that wasn’t there at the beginning of their talk.
"What did she say?" Castiel mumbles, trying to shove off of the floor. His body feels like what can only currently be described as the equivalent of soaking wet cardboard. He rests against the wall and rubs his hands over his face in defeat.
"A pair that doesn't look like they make any fucking sense, but actually makes perfect sense. Misfit gay solidarity."
“Yeah, bud. No problem.” He rests his hand on Cas’s shoulder again and gives a gentle squeeze, concern lingering in his green eyes. “Any time.”
Maybe princes didn't have to wear armor. Maybe, sometimes, they could wear flannel and boots.
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
Cas frowns, so close to a stubborn pout that Meg laughs at him.
“Look at her,” Dean lets out a low whistle, running a hand along the hood. “You fixed her up all by yourself, huh?”
"Hold up," Dean says, skirting around after him. He places a hand on Castiel's shoulder, spinning him around to face each other. "Am I missing something?"
“It’s been a month now since our last visit. How have you been?”
What Meg and her quips don’t know is that there are a few talks the two hadn’t had in their time spent alone together. The Gay Talk was one of them.
Meg doesn't ask who "They" are, because she already knows. She also knows Cas never withholds hearing Them from Anna, especially when it happens while he's with her, and that Anna never gets mad at him. It's clear the puzzle pieces aren't matching up in her mind either when their friends approach.
At first, Castiel finds himself nervous that Dean won't find him interesting without Meg as his buffer. The theory is easily dismissed when they begin spending time together, even on the days Meg is working her annual Summer job as Ruby's assistant. Being with Dean is effortless, while most interactions in Castiel's life have been anything but. His "people skills" were notably "rusty," and Meg was the only one who really took him as he was. It was hard for him to feign polite interest in things he didn't care about, superficial interactions nearly pained him to participate in, and a lot of time had been spent training himself to catch social cues on what should and shouldn't be said aloud. With Dean, though, he doesn't find himself needing to censor his thoughts or words like he does with some people. Most surprising of all, when silence forms between them, he doesn't feel the least bit uncomfortable.
Followed by a missed call that he'd apparently made.
His prayers are answered.
"You didn't tell me we were reprising our Will and Elizabeth costumes," Castiel says when Meg steps out of her car the following afternoon. "Is that a weapon at your waist, Miss Swann?"
"Annnd, send." The biggest shit-eating grin plasters itself on her face. "Sober up, angel. We've got another party to go to tonight. If you can't get in those tight jeans of his, I call dibs."
It feels a lot like coming home.
Tonight is the big night.
The chorus of “Ramble On” shatters the moment, Dean’s phone buzzing incessantly from his pocket, and they jump back from each other. He pulls it out, nearly choking on his words for a moment.
“I wouldn’t say it if I didn’t.”
Not missing a single beat, Meg asked, "Yeah, but have you seen the new exchange student, Rowena? I love a redhead. And that accent..."
"Did it work?" Meg asks, dark brows raised.
Cas takes a seat and pulls the door closed. He knows Meg and Dean are sharing words outside of the car, ones that are without a doubt about him, but he doesn’t try to listen in. He leans his head back against the headrest and closes his eyes.
His chest is hitching, short little breaths that won’t allow for much air. He can hardly process the people he passes or the looks they give him. He slows once he’s out in the parking lot, and though he can’t think straight with his thoughts speeding like they are, he manages to make it back to Meg’s car before leaning against it and collapsing. The first gasp for air feels like breathing in sandpaper. It always does.
"That's not the strangest thing, though. When I mentioned him to Anna, They told me not to use his real name. It felt
For the first year of his life, his siblings were sent to live with their grandparents while Chuck mourned the loss of his wife by spending all his days writing and caring for infant Castiel alone.
“What’s your name, kid?” Pamela asks, looking over the top of her crystal ball centerpiece.
Cas tries to diffuse the tense feeling as best he can by changing the subject. “Oh, speaking of substantial changes and transitions. You’ll be proud to hear that my car is street ready. I just have to go through the last of the legalities.”
"What are you saying? Give me that right now, Megan!" He jumps up and dives onto her bed in one fluid movement, but Meg is up and running across the room, still typing.
"That they did," Dean says, saddling up close to Cas as if things hadn't just been wildly awkward between them.
“Aw, Cas. You’re such a sweetheart. Don’t worry, we’ll see each other again.” She pats his hand. “I'm so proud to see you head out into the big world. Both Dr. Milton and I are. Speaking of, she will be with you here in just a minute.”
“Actually…” he pauses, seeming to consider what to say next. “Cas, does the offer still stand to see the pimpmobile in person?”
"Ugh, you're such a square. Whatever, I'll just steal Dean from you, and he'll be my Prince Charming instead." She looks at him. "In like a comrade way, as I am still very much into the ladies."
Three sets of eyes settle on him expectantly. "I'd much rather observe, thank you."
That's all she was, too. Words spoken by family, friends, and acquaintances.
Meg makes a face, clearly confused, and Castiel doesn't have the time to stop her before she says, "You mean some
Cas takes it, gripping onto the bowl with one hand and wiping off his face with the other. A deep, shuddering exhale pushes from his lungs and he prays it's over.
God, what a striking shade of green.
Meg doesn't even acknowledge his words, asking, “What are you and Dean-o doing tomorrow? Charlie posted on Facebook that there’s a ren faire, and I just knew he would love that nerdy shit.”
His friends are leaning against the paint chipped hood, deep in conversation, as some nineties rock song plays from the stereo. They don't notice him yet, too caught up in whatever joke they're sharing. Meg's hand goes to Dean's shoulder for support as they double over in a fit of laughter and the sight sends a flood of affection through Cas's chest.
"Cas..." Dean's voice is unusually small, but holds an edge.
"Easier?" Dean cocks an eyebrow.
Charlie's grin creeps onto her face like she's received the best news ever. "Awesome! Cas, you coming?"
"My father is going to kill me," Castiel groans, rubbing his eyes so hard he sees stars that weren't already present. Speaking right now feels like someone else is talking for him. This whole experience is generally awful. "And Meg isn't my girlfriend. She is a girl. Who is my friend. But not both. Well, she is also both a girl and a friend. I am still incredibly drunk."
Dean smokes shitty cigarettes, but only when he's in a bad mood. He always smells a little like cologne, the intoxicating expensive kind, which he refuses to admit that he stole the one time they'd gone to the mall. His laugh is infectious in the most charming way, he's the type of person to help turtles cross the road, and he's a lot dorkier than he'd ever given anyone the chance to assume. The amount of times he makes pop culture references is nearly as outrageous as the secondhand embarrassment one gets when he shoves half of a cheeseburger in his mouth all at once while out to eat. His eyes light up when he talks about his dream job of owning his very own classic car restoration shop and how he can't wait to visit his Uncle Bobby in the fall to help fix up his latest project. Most endearing of all, though, is how he talks about his little brother. His love for Sammy (who apparently hates to be called that) is so loud and proud, you'd think the kid hung the moon. In Dean's eyes, he may as well have.
He does, several times in fact, on the way there. He lists pain and needles and possible infection as his reasons, among other worst-case scenarios, but neither of his companions wants to hear it. By the time they make it through their small town and into the neighboring mid-sized city where Ruby’s shop is, he’s accepted his fate. The red neon sign for
Castiel learns that a giant needle being shoved through your earlobe does, in fact, cause a bit of discomfort. However, he manages not to pass out from nerves, and that’s good enough for him. Dean seems hardly phased during his turn, naturally, and Cas wonders if it’s from all the years of training to be Mr. Cool at any given time. After it’s said and done, they stand next to each other in front of Ruby's wall length mirror, examining her work.
“I’m stuck looking like a Game of Thrones extra. Shoulda thought that one over before I asked to come in. Glad my dad’s gone, Sammy already tore me apart over wearing this.”
There's a lot of cursing and complaining that goes into maneuvering a comparably much taller, deathly uncoordinated drunken individual through the house to Meg's room. Still, she manages, even with him stumbling the whole way there.
Everyone acts as if that year never happened. It's an unspoken rule, just like how everyone knows not to mention his mother in the presence of his father.
"Then why didn't you, I don't know, feel comfortable telling me? This past month... I mean, I talk to you every day, man."
“Definitely missing something, though,” Dean says, running his fingers over one of the newest additions, Cas’ graduation cap tassel.
"I don't think I pull it off as well as you do."
“A profound bond? Sounds serious.”
"You're allowed to have emotions, Dean." Cas isn't so sure anyone has reassured him of this in a long while.
"If we weren't friends, I wouldn't assume that you did."
“What about the Impala?”
Silence.
He lets himself relax, tears drying on his cheeks as his heart rate slows to match Dean’s. He tries so hard to say thank you, but still can’t seem to speak. What can he say that would make this any less mortifying? Anyone rarely sees him this vulnerable, and how is he to explain that he was somehow affected by a sideshow fortune teller’s parlor tricks and nonsensical ramblings?
He’d never given much thought to the validity of “feeling like the only two people in the world” because he’d never experienced it. Every bit of literature that had described it, every romantic movie that had tried to show it, it didn’t come close. His attraction to Dean has a hand around his throat and his stomach swirling with unfiltered desire.
"Thought what? Are you going to tell him about my father hating him next? There's another talk we haven't had that I'd love for you to bring up at an inconvenient time."
“Hey, don’t cry,” The worrying way Dean is looking at him only makes him want to cry more. “Don’t cry. Here.” He crawls over to Cas’s side, kneeling beside him and placing his hand gently on his shoulder. “What do you need?”
“Is something wrong?” Castiel asks.
They follow him past the lively crowd gathered at the empty pool to the area behind the brick building. There's a gazebo there, all weathered wood planks and ivy twisted over its sun-bleached shingles, that has been strung up with a tangle of Christmas lights. The bulbs are the kind that are oversized, and several are blown out, but the glow still washes fully over a metal picnic table that sits in the middle. Dean takes a seat on top of it, patting the area next to him. Meg nudges Castiel in front of her and slips onto the bench next to his legs.
"If you'd dance with me, it'd get better," She offers, shimmying her shoulders in mock seduction and holding out the hand not occupied by a can of cheap beer.
While they loved their friends, they'd always been closer with each other than with everyone else. One day at recess in fifth grade, Meg told Castiel he was her unicorn and he was stuck with her forever. He agreed on the condition that she let him have one of the bee stickers she had been putting all over her folders. The rest, as they say, is history.
“Sneaking him in your house now, huh?” She's teasing him. She does that a lot lately.
His expression remains indifferent as he fights the urge to tell her to choose someone else, but this doesn’t deter her. “Follow me. I’ll be back for the rest of you next.”
“Keep your money to yourself,” she says, holding his gaze. “You’re something special, Castiel. I don’t know if you see that yet, but you will. Don’t let anyone steal that shine of yours.”
Meg isn't paying any mind to Castiel, her eyes on Dean. Her red painted lips twitch upwards and Cas just knows that she must be thinking this is the "look" she'd mentioned the day before. The eyebrow raise and nod towards Dean she offers him says that's exactly the case.
Not that he'd ever admit it - for obvious reasons - but he'd always felt an inexplicable attraction towards the eldest Winchester boy from the moment he'd first laid eyes on him. It was far from romantic, or even particularly amiable, but he certainly didn't want to dive much deeper into analyzing it. So instead, he made it a point to be overtly standoffish every time they were forced to interact. Which, thankfully, was not often. He still remembers how taken off guard Dean was when they'd ended up gym partners once, and he told Castiel to "get his head in the game" only to be met with a clipped "bite me."
He notes that Amanda must not be as important as he had originally guessed because Dean doesn't bother to tell her goodbye at her own party. He finds his mouth speaking without his brain's permission again when he questions, "Don't you want to tell your girlfriend goodbye?"
many costume parties?"
Charlie does a little skip up to them. "Soooo, Dean was just telling me that he's never been to a fortune teller before, and the one here is great."
This is not how he expected this topic to arise. Dean's nearly comical expression is somewhere between confused, shocked, and curious when Cas shoves past him towards the passenger side of the car with a, "Well, better get there before the turkey legs are all gone!"
"Hey, um. I’m fine, dad,” Meg eyes him expectedly, holding the pillow up like a threat. “Would you mind if I, perhaps, spent another night at Meg's? Her parents are out again, and you know how she hates to be left alone."
“Well, Castiel, I’m Pam. Would you like to hear your future?”
“I’m no mechanic, but Marv used to be when he was young. I’d say I’m a quick learner. My father would say I can’t stand the thought of being told I’m incapable of doing whatever I set my mind to. Regardless, I got it done.”
“Dean. Don’t ever say that about yourself.”
He’d never felt so achingly fond of someone before than he had at that moment.
“Who told you that? Don’t you realize that we’re still young? You can’t change the fact you didn’t make plans
“My garage, Meg. Not my bedroom. He’s helping me make sure the car doesn’t need any finishing touches.”
"What'd you say?" Meg asks, stretching to peek at the screen.
The boy's name is Dean. Noted class bad boy, popular with the ladies, and infamous in his own right for various reasons.
The feeling creeps up from where his palms touch hers, quickly spreading to his forearms like a barrage of pins and needles. His fingers twitch instinctively, ready to pull away, but Pam holds on tighter as her head dips lower.
"Shut up," She fought her growing smile back and held out her hand. "Let's go inside."
"A black tee and those other dark blue jeans that fit just right. You've got thighs anyone would be glad to get crushed by, and I'm sick of you hiding them," She holds her hand up when Cas begins to protest and eyes the pile of shoes on her floor. "And you’re wearing the Docs I stole from my cousin's house."
Castiel thinks women are works of art. To think otherwise would be lying to himself. But for all their exquisite soft curves and biting sharp edges, he never could quite reach the level of sexual attraction towards them expected from a boy his age.
Castiel ducks down. “Yes, dad. Don’t worry about us. Be careful on the way to your writing seminar. Good luck.”
He thinks it has personality, personally.
The battlefield is just that, a huge field. It's offset from the main area and lined by trees with a row of tents at one end. Cas and Meg take a seat on the outskirts under a shade tree, sending their well wishes as their friends part ways.
So he does.
Dean. Look, I got your boy Cas here in a bathroom at Amanda's, and he's not lookin' too good..." He pauses for a moment and nods as if she can see him. "Listen, don't worry about it, okay? I'll get him there." She's going ninety to nothing on the other end, but her pitch has lowered. "Nah, it's no problem..." Dean says. His eyes trace over something on the ceiling and he chews his lip as she continues. "...Okay, great. See ya."
"I don't know if I have a favorite song, though Meg does often judge my deep appreciation for Lady Gaga." Dean lets out an abrupt snort of laughter, and Castiel's eyebrows draw together critically. "She's very talented, Dean."
my graduation, of-fucking-course. One of his friends had picked him up and he was gone for days. So, I said fuck it and took Sammy out for his birthday, and myself out for graduation. A waste of a beautiful car, the way he treats her if you ask me.”
It starts to rain.
Everything suddenly feels wrong. A twisting, dreadful feeling.
“Of course,” he shakes his head. “I must have misheard.”
They wave everyone goodbye, and she takes Castiel's hand before sprinting off towards her beat-up old car. Their doors are hardly closed before Meg is turning the key and blaring the radio.
"See you, Megs. Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
There are many words that come to mind; Cas doesn't say any of them aloud. Instead, he gives a short, albeit slightly flustered, laugh. "Charming."
Getting up is not as easy as Castiel had hoped. He sways in place, but Dean steadies him and guides him out the door and down the stairs. They almost make it, too, but the last step blurs out of focus, and he misses it completely. Dean manages to catch him with a patient and reassuring "almost there," and Castiel can only think about how he is much kinder than he was led to believe.
His genuine dreams are flashes of green watercolors on white paper, glowing blue eyes, and The Whispers singing Led Zeppelin as he reaches out to take Dean's hand. Their fingers are about to touch when the sounds of a car door opening shake him from sleep.
"Come on, Cas," Dean elbows him. "I need someone to make mistakes with me."
“I’m checking on you later, so don’t ignore me,” Meg tells Cas when they pull up to his house. She looks back at Dean. “Am I taking you back to your house?”
blinks at him menacingly as they pull into one of the parking spaces out front.
"Well, comrade, when do you need me?"
It strikes Castiel at that moment that he’d never actually seen Dean have an actual friend. Not like what he and Meg have. Dean had flings with pretty girls, buddies he’d talk to at parties, people he sat with at lunch. But when it came down to it, everyone always seemed too busy with the
There's an entire stash of Castiel's clothes that never made it back to his house laid out in front of Meg as she scrutinizes them in an effort to pick the best outfit.
Under normal circumstances, she's the only one who had ever seen Cas actually dance. There had been more than enough instances where her parents had gone off to a seedy dive bar for the night and they'd had some pop song blasting in her room, singing and jumping around like absolute fools. If you asked, though, they'd never fess up. Meg was a brazen badass and Castiel was her generally stoic counterpart, after all. Not the type by any means to know all the words to the entire Backstreets Back album.
He says it in a way that's only half-joking with an edge of genuine concern to it. Like Dean doesn't have the type of dad who grounds him for a week when he does something foolish. Castiel doesn't want to assume, but he feels a tiny pang of guilt, knowing he can usually get away with things, what with being the baby out of four kids.
At some point, he must've woken up to stumble into Meg's bathroom and looked at his phone, where one text from Dean's newly added number was waiting for him.
“If I was smart, I would’ve had a plan for Sammy and me by now. But I don’t, Cas. I have no fuckin’ clue what I’m going to do for the rest of my goddamn life. I barely graduated because I didn’t care. He won’t say it, maybe he doesn’t see it now, but one day Sam’s going to realize I’ve never been anything to look up to.”
Chills wash over Castiel’s arms, putting out the fire that was there seconds before.
“Maybe you can find a Baby of your own when you spend time with your uncle this fall.”
Castiel wants to tell her that there is such a thing as oversharing, but he knows she means well, even if she’s not great at it sometimes.
“Pam?” He says softly.
It's quiet again for the rest of the drive, save for the lingering feeling that Dean still has something to say, but is afraid to say it wrong. Neither of the other two tempts him to try. Meg pulls into the closest parking spot she can, weaving around people dressed in every costume loosely related to fantasy that you could imagine. When they get out, Dean tells them to go ahead, his attention on his phone as he speed texts whoever is on the receiving end.
It's the last thing he remembers before there's a sharp dip in his consciousness and vertigo drags him under.
Castiel doesn't even consider pretending like he hasn't been waiting all day to hear from Dean.
“I’m glad to hear that it wasn't severe. I know I don’t have to tell you, but, as your psychiatrist: don't forget that alcohol and your medication react poorly. Potentially triggering an episode is dangerous, Castiel.” She makes some notes as she talks, brows knitting together for a moment. He knows she isn’t purposely trying to make him feel guilty, but he shifts uncomfortably under the weight of her words all the same. “Tell me about this new friend, though?”
He shows Dean into his room and shuts the door behind him as if that will make a difference if his father
Thank fuck he doesn’t hear Cas’s breath hitch over the sound of the video blaring on his screen. Seeing Dean in his room, on his bed, dressed in his clothes, feels all too personal. Like he’d laid some type of claim on him.
"Will you stop being so cryptic and-"
Meg's laugh is borderline hysterical with glee. "It's Dean."
"No problem. Meds, huh? You seem like the type to always have it together, so it can't be because you have any screws loose."
“I am?”
“You’re funny, man. Dad would never give Baby up unless he was dead. I’m lucky when I do get to drive her,” he lets out a wistful laugh. “Y’know, I’d actually taken her the night we met? Sammy’s birthday was the day before. Dad had completely forgotten both that
Not long after they met, he’d thought to himself that befriending Dean would be fine, because it would be easy to leave him once he moved. That sentiment would make him laugh now if it didn’t hurt so bad.
Castiel could be imagining the way Dean’s chuckle seems flustered. The way his fist clenches in his lap, however, is another story.
He's seen this person before in his actual dreams. He knows he has.
He closes his eyes again, trying to reach out to his corporal self, wherever he may be.
Everything is closing in, but he isn’t afraid this time. He welcomes it.
"We did, didn't we?" He chuckles. No humor, more so relief. He closes his eyes and buries his face in her shoulder, only torn away by the sound of his father calling his name.
He splashes cold water on his face and meets his reflection in the huge brightly lit vanity mirror. There's something about looking at mirrors, especially when drunk, that can ground you in the most jarring way. Like the person you're looking at is you, but not quite.
"You think he found his me?" Meg asks as they watch their friends chugging post-battle water in the least polite way possible.
"Cas" is usually a nickname reserved for family or friends, not mere acquaintances, but coming from Dean's mouth, it sounds like they've known each other forever instead of a few disastrous minutes.
“Stop looking at me,” He mutters, flinging the nearest pillow on her bed at her, which she neatly dodges and promptly threatens to suffocate him with it.
Maybe this was a bad idea. Maybe Dean’s not even here. Maybe last night was all one big delusion, and none of it even happened. Maybe-
"Just the opposite. I’ll go first. Dare me." Dean apparently isn’t just anyone.
Why is everything vibrating?
Cas holds the bag out at arm's length. "Why do I feel like I am going to regret agreeing to this?"
"What a nice car..." Castiel pats the dashboard gingerly as Dean slides in beside him. He leans his head on the window. It's cool, like the tile floor. He sighs. He misses the tile floor. "This window is very nice, too."
"I'll be back in a minute."
His mother was a skeleton in the closet, locked up tight in the farthest corner of his mind. He rarely ever dared to peer inside, always praying that she'd leave to haunt someone else. She never did.
Looking out onto the crowd, the sight of his best friend's mom happy-crying and his dad clapping justifies the feeling. He takes his diploma, shakes the principal's hand, and lets the bright lights of the gymnasium swallow him in the high.
He follows her to the door wordlessly, giving Kelly a wave as he walks past. Steve the cat blinks at him sleepily from the edge of her desk.
“It’s never nothing,” she frowns. “What happened? Did you forget to take your meds?”
They stop and chat with a few of their friends from school, catching up with everyone’s antics from the night before. Charlie did her first keg stand, which she describes in full, glorious detail. Stevie fills in the story with the aftermath, which involved Charlie being sick to her stomach and living to face regret.
"Look at you! We match."
"Aww, he wants to know how you're feeling, how sweet," Her tone is mocking, but only to poke fun at him. "He also wants to know if we wanted to go to another party tonight at The Old Park. You know I'm always up for seeing who wipes the fuck out trying to skate in the empty pool."
What Dean didn’t know is that he was already there, scribbled in the form of poetry, half hidden by a birthday card and a movie ticket. He’d written it one night when they’d stayed up so late on the phone talking that Dean had fallen asleep. He’d told him goodnight before hanging up, and Dean had mumbled his name with a contented sigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
“God, you’re hot when you try,” She sighs wistfully, ruffling his hair some and spraying him with cologne before he even has the chance to process what’s happening. She pats his cheek and ignores his coughing. “It’s too bad no one will notice when you're standing next to me.”
He rolls his eyes. “I’m going to hang up on you.”
Everything is vibrating.
"Don’t question me,” She shoves the outfit into his arms. “Go get dressed.”
"Would I expect anything less? You just graduated, Castiel. Go have fun with your girl." Cas holds back the urge to correct him and lets him continue. "Besides, I've got to go work on my novel; my due date is fast approaching. Be safe. Send Meg my love."
The sound of his phone keyboard clicking interrupts the thought.
Dean lets out a mirthless laugh. "Yeah, sometimes I forget."
Cas’s voice is trapped somewhere in his heaving chest, so he silently reaches out for a hug. Neither of them mentions how awkward the angle is. When he finally lets out his first calm breath, Dean moves to get up. His arms feel heavy with emptiness.
Cas lets the scalding water wash over him, scrubbing at his skin and hair as if it could take away the weight of his worries if he tried hard enough.
Cas gives a nod and Dean slides in, leaving the door open. “I can’t wait until I get to have one of my own.”
He glances back over his shoulder to watch the sleek black Impala pull away from the curb, engine revving as it drives away.
"Hello, handsome," Castiel greets, crouching down to offer Steve a customary scratch behind the ears, which he accepts with a resounding purr before following his human companion inside.
“I’ve been well,” he says, looking back to her. “There was a brief incident on the night of my graduation... I overindulged in alcohol. It got a little loud for a moment, but I got home safely. I made a new friend in the process if that’s any consolation for my mistake.”
Dean is too concentrated on holding up his nearly deadweight companion to pay attention fully. "Huh?" A split second later, it must click. "Amanda? She's a friend. A hot friend, but just a friend."
"Yeah, the feisty little chick always in some type of leather? Meg, right?" Dean reaches for the phone and looks down at the screen. "Hang on, this is her."
Coming home absolutely blasted at 3 AM with Dean as his designated driver may be pushing it, all things considered.
“Dude, I hope you know you’re not getting this shirt back. I swear this is vintage, and it’s sacrilege to let someone who can’t name all five band members own it.”
While her parents were unbothered, the rest of Meg's family wasn't so accepting. It was one of the reasons they let so many people assume they were together.
That night, he watched her sleep curled up in the pillow fort they'd built in his room and realized: maybe this was enough. Maybe, in another life, they could've fallen in love at first sight like the handsome princes and beautiful princesses in storybooks do; they'd kiss, sparks would fly, and they'd live happily ever after as perfect soulmates. But that wasn't them, not in this reality. Meg wasn't some princess in need of saving. She could slay a dragon just as easily as any white knight, and she'd do it with a grin on her blood-smeared face. And Castiel knew if he were ever to offer true love's kiss, he wanted it to be another prince on the receiving end.
He's never felt so uncomfortable and cut short when telling Anna goodbye before. Is she really so concerned that Dean is as bad as his father assumes? She doesn't even know him. Neither does his dad. It's getting a bit ridiculous at this point.
The tent is dark inside, illuminated only by an absurd amount of twinkle lights that hang above them in glimmering ropes, and doesn’t boast much space. A crushed velvet beanbag, antique stool, and weathered rocking chair have still been lined up as a means of crowded waiting area and a towering shallow bookshelf sits near the entryway, scattered with oddities and trinkets. A few of the items - pendulums, specialty shaped candles, and tarot card decks - have price stickers on them. The back corner has another curtained doorway, this one entirely drawn shut, which must lead to a private room.
"Yeah, wait until you see me," Dean beams, coming up at her side. He looks like a handsome young knight straight off a movie screen, ready to go save some equally attractive damsel in distress. His undershirt is white, overlayed by a deep red tunic embroidered with a swirling metallic gold pattern, and his bottoms are a tan color just a few shades lighter than his matching leather boots and gauntlets. The chainmail hanging from his neck swings as he gives a spin for the full effect. "What do you think?"
"...Castiel?"
. He squints, hard, but can't seem to keep his eyes open. The light is too bright, and the ringing from earlier has returned, growing louder with every second. Filling the room, filling his thoughts. He can hardly think, screwing his face up against the pain building in his head. Just when he's tempted to reach up and cover his ears, it stops.
She looks over her shoulder at Dean, who's now a few steps behind them, looking especially broody and uncharacteristically not even paying any mind to the several sets of spilling breasts that have passed by.
“Ah, well. I just say what they tell me to.” She winks. There’s something about the way that she shifts in her seat that makes it seem like she’s a bit shaken and trying to hide it. “I’m sure it’ll all make sense one day.”
She starts to make him a spot on her bed like usual, but the floor looks so irresistibly comfortable, and he decides that it's the ideal place to sleep. He falls to his knees, flopping unceremoniously onto his back with a noise of contentment.
"I thought jewelry was a girl thing, but I kinda feel badass."
He sighs, dragging every bit of courage he can to the surface before wrapping the towel securely around his waist and opening the door. His room is right next to the bathroom, so the trek isn’t far, but it
“Will you stop?” Meg chides, sliding her arm around his. “It’s fine. We’re going to make a new friend. A friend who already seems to like you.” At his unconvinced expression, she adds, “I won’t leave you.”
"Cross my fucking heart."
Presently, Dean leans down for Amanda to speak directly in his ear and grins at whatever she tells him. Colored lights flash across his sharp features, and laughter transforms his face into a genuine smile.
A thought cuts through his mind, short and blunt:
"What?" He asked, tilting his head and squinting against the sun that shone behind her like a halo.
"Please. It wouldn't be fair if we put you out on the field, you'd
He eyes a newly added statuette of Michael, namesake of his brother, who strikes down a foe in stunning porcelain detail as she begins their session.
She pats her rounded stomach and gazes down at it affectionately. "He’s doing well. The doctors say he’s healthy. I can’t wait to meet him.”
Dean sits back, hands clasped in his lap, quiet. “You mean all of that?”
“It can be, and it will be. Sometimes we have to let go of certain things... certain people... to move on to something even better.” He can't help but feel like she means to imply there are specifically certain
There are several reasons to say no, but he doesn’t. “I don’t see why not.”
Castiel glances back, and, sure enough, Dean is watching from the corner of the room. He raises the bottle in his hand when their eyes meet and gives a sly smile. A jolt of something mixed between excitement and panic zings in his chest. He blames it on his altered state of consciousness. It's more likely that Dean was watching Meg and is sending some wordless congratulations to him from across the room for being the one there with her.
yikes! it's been nearly two months, but i swear i haven't given up on this fic. i've just been Going Thru It. sorry if this chapter is lacking, i may come back with some edits later. the songs for this go round  are yellow by coldplay and solider, poet, king by the oh hellos. ps thank y'all sm for the kudos. 🥰
He can hear the echo of distress in Dean’s voice from seeing him so broken and wanting nothing more than to help him. Making sure he wasn’t overbearing but reassuring. There wasn’t any doubt that he’d have done whatever Castiel asked at that moment.
"Castiel James Novak..."
(See the end of the chapter for
"You'll see him tonight, you know that, right?” She slides the phone under her thigh and gives him one of her renowned bitch faces, locked and loaded with attitude. “If you want to talk to him so bad, why don't you text him and stop being a pussy?"
"I do love making boys cry."
There were thanks shouted over their shoulders as they scurried down the hall to the correct theater room, plastic popcorn bucket in Castiel's arms and overpriced slushie with two straws in Meg's. They'd felt especially grown to be able to sit in the very top row unsupervised, though the room was practically empty, what with the film having been out for a couple of weeks. Every time Cas would point out a better solution to the drama unfolding, Meg would launch popcorn at him and tell him he didn't understand that the utter foolishness was the best part.
"Fine." He slides off the table and nods towards where Meg’s car is parked. "Let's go before I change my mind."
"Now we're getting somewhere. I look at women the same way I look at men. I've also got one foot in the closet until we leave this town and get far, far away from this shithole where my homophobic family members can't watch my every move."
Just as she’s about to act on her promise, the line connects and his father says, "Hey, kid. How's it going today?"
“They tell me amethyst is supposed to open my third eye,” she tells them. “But my third eye has always been open, so I guess I’ll never know if that’s bullshit, will I?”
He makes several vague noises of disapproval before managing, "When did I agree-"
"I like men," Castiel deadpans, slipping from underneath Dean's grasp and nearly falling over himself as he flops into his seat. He shuts the door and looks up at Dean through the rolled down window. Meg joins him, silent. "Are you coming?"
She's here, somewhere, getting another drink. The few she's already brought him are starting to sink into his borderline uncomfortably buzzing mind. He swears his ears have been ringing for a solid hour, but it's hard to tell over the din. He knows alcohol and his meds don't mix, but he took them hours ago, and he swore to Meg that he would try his best to let go for once. Even after all these years, he never can quite refuse her when she takes his hand and leads him into bad decisions masked as the promise of making memories.
Cas has to admit, they look great, even if it is just a minimal change. Both piercings are small and black, his a round stud and Dean's a hoop encircling the top of his ear. Their eyes meet in the mirror, and Dean smiles before turning around to face the girls.
"My mom died a couple of years ago," Dean says quietly. "My dad- our dad took it really hard, too. He's always been a drinker, y'know, but it just got worse. He leaves for days sometimes. On a bender, I guess. Comes home with cuts and bruises from fuck knows what. Didn't go over so well the last time I asked questions..." His face drops, eyes shifting at a clearly unpleasant memory before he makes himself perk back up. "Anyway, I get it. I mean, it's not the exact same, but... I get it."
The crystal ball flickers to life, casting a soft white glow on her and Cas’s skin in the dimness of the room. Pam remains focused, her eyelids trembling as if trying to fight the urge to open. She grows more drawn as moments pass, a troubled look on her face, until suddenly her features go slack, and her posture straightens. She should try her hand at acting if this doesn’t work out. It’s taking everything that Castiel has not to chuckle at the theatrics.
“Come sit with me,” he says, patting the seat next to him.
Meg's hands are on his shoulders, slipping down to his waist where she slides her fingers into the belt loops of the dark jeans she'd talked him into wearing. He cradles the back of her neck with one hand, their foreheads touching while they move like two parts of one well-oiled machine. Sweat is dripping down his collarbone, laughter is mixing with every risqué sway of her hips. Meg tosses her hair back and kisses Castiel's cheek before saying something about how having fun looks good on him.
“That’s what I said." The set of her lips are so tight, he can nearly feel her teeth clench by just looking at her.
"I’m pre-daring you,” She directs at Castiel. “Time for that stud I’ve been trying to talk you into for years.”
"Take us to her, red," She shifts her gaze to Castiel. "I've been having some weird dreams lately that I'd like some answers to."
"I'll have to take your word for it," He chuckles as he carves shapes into the railing with his battered pocketknife.
A soft Meg is an honest Meg, but even now Castiel wasn't ready to admit that she may be right. He looks away from her, speaking without thinking. "I dream about him."
"Where's my -"
psps thanks for the kudos so far, bbs! <3
“I think it’s sweet,” Cas smiles. “I can’t wait to meet him.”
If you didn't know them personally, you'd think they were just another couple who couldn't keep their hands off each other. That is far from the case.
“To college. I know we’ll see each other again. We’ll- we’ll talk. But I should’ve tried harder. Gotten scholarships of my own. Taken Sammy with me. We could’ve figured it out. It uh, it sucks to be stupid.”
Dean picks back up at his carving slower this time, and Castiel notices that the lines have begun to form four crude letters: D.W. and C.N. "Nah, man. Don't worry about it. Sorry for hitting you with the click flick shit."
“There was…” He tries to collect himself, unsettled by the sudden sharpness of his internal voice. “There was ringing in my ears, The Whispers, slight panic. It wasn’t for long, thankfully. It was foolish of me, I know.”
“I’ve gotta say, I saw you as more of one of those weird minimalists that hangs like, one fuckin’ poster on his wall,” Dean observes, walking over to the wall across from Castiel’s bed. He smiles. “But this is a lot more… you.”
His father had taken down all of her pictures when Castiel was born and packed them away somewhere secret, so he had no idea what she even looked like. Though, according to other's accounts, her genes ran deeper through him than they did through the other Novak children.
“Something from me.”
"I know, I'm fucking amazing," Meg says as she beings digging in the backseat of her car, tossing random items in every direction. "If you thought you'd get away with not dressing up too, you're wrong." She emerges with a plastic bag full of clothing and shoves it towards him. "Put this on, I'm ready to eat fair food."
this is more of a filler-ish cute lil chapter to fight the writer's block slowly invading my brain, but here it is anyway! enjoy some dean and cas bonding.
Castiel is overcome with the overwhelming urge to give her a fake name. The idea of speaking “Dean” aloud suddenly feels like giving away a secret sealed by an unbreakable blood oath. He prays that Anna can’t see through to the unexplained panic fluttering inside of him as he flounders for a false moniker.
He wipes his hands on his jeans and takes what’s supposed to be a deep breath but comes out more of a pitiful huff. He doesn’t often feel sorry about his “quirks” as his father calls them, but they do come as quite an inconvenience when he is faced with things he can’t guess the outcome of.
He scrubs his face too aggressively before shutting the water off and stepping out of the shower. He’s halfway through toweling off when he realizes he’s forgotten his clothes, which earns another anguished face rub and wondering if he’d manifested the thought of getting everything humiliating and otherwise over with at once.
He pauses, fingers hovering over the screen. The urge to be thorough about this whole youthful rebellion thing is painfully strong, but he knows he shouldn't push it by saying something else flirtatious. So, he settles for something that could pass for friendly. At least, he thinks it does.
“We were just saying how nice it was that you helped Cas out last night when he joined the ranks of us who are still nursing hangovers today.” Charlie was known to blurt things out regardless of the level of awkwardness they caused.
“No.” Call it a side effect of a lifetime of questioning what was real and what wasn’t, but he wasn’t interested in self-inflicted paranoia from prophecies foretold by sideshow attractions. Some put a lot of faith into psychics, but he wasn’t one of them.
She tilts her head, challenging him wordlessly. The five stages of grief seem to play across Dean’s face before he says, "I’ll probably live to regret it, but fuck it. Let's go."
"Time to go out with a bang, baby."
“Yes, I took my meds. I was feeling claustrophobic. The room was exceedingly small.”
With a start, he jumps back and shakes his head in an attempt to rid himself of other Castiel's unnerving stare before rushing to leave. He's gotta find Meg. He needs to go home before he has a fucking panic attack.
"Fucking hell," Meg says, kneeling beside him to tuck a pillow under his head. "I lose you at a party one time, and you end up pulling up to my house in the middle of the night with the one person your dad would lose his shit to see you with." She lays a blanket across him and runs her fingers through his hair. "I don't know what to do with you."
"I'm fine, thank you, Kelly," he says as he scrawls his name on the sign-in sheet. "You look lovely today, as always. How is baby Jack doing?"
i didn't work my inspo songs into the chapter well, but i did throw in plenty of familiar faces. ;) also, i hope you all enjoy steve the cat.
“I bet you’d like to give him some finishing touches. Spending all that time together when I’m not around….”
“Cas?” Dean’s voice calls out, but he couldn’t answer even if he wanted to. When Dean finds him, he immediately falls to his knees in front of him. “Cas? What’s wrong?”
It had been a Saturday in June, hot as hell and lined up to be as boring as any other weekend in a small town when twelve year old Castiel decided that fairytales were bullshit and soulmates didn't have to be romantic.
As much as Cas was tempted to push the matter, it was clear there was no room for discussion. So, he didn't discuss. He trusted his dad and actively avoided Dean socially from there on out.
They pass through the makeshift marketplace where there are dozens of tents filled with everything from swords to custom dragon wings and everything in between. The people are friendly, the dirt walkways are bustling with life, and Meg is overjoyed to finally receive her greasy chicken on a stick. Dean doesn't leave Charlie's side, chattering away animatedly about the do's and don'ts of LARPing.
But Dean’s eyes are truly bewitching, a shade of green he’d only read about in books. He’d spent a lot of time thinking about them lately, but that wasn’t all. He was so beautiful, in earnest. It didn’t take having feelings for him to make that true. His light brown hair never seemed out of place, while Castiel’s always seemed to be ruffled. His nose fits perfectly with his other features, splashed with freckles that stood out better after a day in the sun. They spread out over his lovely cheekbones that were just as strong as his jawline. His lips…
