Shame they couldn’t find the tox report that was missing from the autopsy report. Dr. Watson had hoped a copy would have been filed with the original police report. It had also been missing from the copy of the report the Met gave Sherlock weeks ago.
He had thought he was happy.
“There’s also a blurry pix of Miss Smith’s left hand. Looks like some sort of ring, the rags are speculating that it’s a diamond ring. Does that mean you’re the engaged one now?” When Sherlock nodded, Victor let the tabloid drop on the coffee table. He picked his drink back up. “Now I get to be the one who tells you that you don’t love her.”
“Never fear, Dr. Watson,” Dupin re-entered the main room with all the little soaps and shampoos in his hands. His summer green eyes twinkled. “Let’s just say that
, once you become a liability, they’ll throw you under the bus, if that’s what they need to do to protect their business.”
They teased and toyed with each other until well after two in the morning. As one of the bar-backs went to hang up the Closed sign, Ernesto leaned over the bar and huffed in her ear that he knew a great hotel. “Irene Nesser” had leaned forward, showing ample cleavage and breathed that she couldn’t possibly wait that long for him. When he suggested the office upstairs, she had purred to bring the wine.
“Oh, don’t you think I would have already if I had the evidence?” Mycroft grimaced. “Yes, I can threaten and intimidate her, use my reputation as ‘The British Government’ as my dear little brother enjoys calling me. Alas, the man who gave Mary up to Magnussen was very inconveniently found with the same gunshot wound as my brother suffered, two days after Sherlock was shot. Magnussen is dead. Sherlock will not testify against her and John, as a spouse, cannot. You cannot provide evidence because that will compromise your ‘Miss Smith’ identity not to mention, put you back in the FBI and CIA’s sights should you go public as Agent Hunter. I doubt America would bother with an extradition order. They’d probably just send a sniper over and be done with it.” Mycroft stretched out his long legs and toed off his shoes. “And the good Doctor Watson destroyed the memory stick that connected Mary to all of Magnussen’s crimes. I am afraid that fear is the only leverage I have over Mrs. Watson. Fear and withholding her child and I don’t know how much longer I can keep Mrs. Watson afraid.”
this?”
“But I’m not,” John cut in. “Mary, there’s a strong possibility I could still lose my medical license completely. I still have to face the review board and they may not take pity on me just because of… well, what happened last January.” John shifted in his chair, his rib mostly healed but still not strong enough for the physical activity John was used to. The inertia driving him mad, he explained to Mary: “I’m still not fit enough to go on cases with Sherlock and won’t be for a long time. So if I can’t practice medicine and if I can’t work cases, I honestly don’t know how we’re going to make it.”
. The nurse generously surrendered her own mobile to Mary. Thankfully, it was a Smartphone. Mary Googled “Diogenes Club” then had to rest for ten minutes. Every little move she made used up so much precious energy. Once she pulled the number up, she rang the club and asked for Mycroft Holmes. Of course, he wasn’t available. Very carefully, in a slow, pain-wrecked whisper, she explained that she was Mary Watson, Dr. Watson’s wife, she was in hospital and it was imperative he come see her. As soon as possible. Alone.
“What are you saying?” Rucastle exploded. “I’ve left my son alone with him loads of times and he’s just fine. Of all the cheap insults you can dream up, this is the best you can do?”
“Me either. And I don’t believe we choose who we love,” Victor said firmly. “Sorry to break it to you mate but something in your DNA programmed you to swing both ways.”
Meanwhile John hissed at his friend: “Sherlock, you promised you were going to change that.”
“Everyone hates weddings. The only person who likes weddings is the bride. Try again.”
As his friend. A good friend.
Except… he hadn’t been bluffing.
level and it’s not just
Lestrade tried to respond but only yawned hugely again. He gave them a half-hearted wave then slouched off, to battle the press.
She was clever, The Woman.
(See the end of the chapter for
Unaware of the two eavesdroppers, Victor backed away from Sherlock. “What? No. I’m… I’m not working for… have you lost your senses? I would never work for Moriarty.”
“I’m not lying, I’m worried.” Mary put the cup on the coffee table. “She wouldn’t just vanish into thin air. Not like that, that’s not her nature, she’s too sensible to just run off.” Mary frowned, “Unless she felt that either her life or Sherlock’s was in jeopardy.” A more sinister idea then popped into Mary’s head. “Or she was taken by someone.”
, hated the absolute disorder of his unruly subconscious.
Muscle weakness
, he sighed to himself as he used the Stonewall Attack as his opening chess move.
“I see.”
“You wake up with a wicked hangover and a monkey on your back.”
“If this is your plan for winning me over, it’s not working,” Mary’s blue eyes narrowed into slits.
… he checked his watch. Five minutes behind schedule…
There was a creak of approaching footsteps. Mary spun and pointed her gun. Violet lifted hers  as well. Mrs. Hudson buried her face into Sherlock’s wet shirt and tightened her grip around his neck.
down her top and shorts but had loathed to leave her work for even the ten minutes she would have needed to change.
Friday afternoon
Dr. John Ferrier, PhD, looked up from his iPad and beamed at his pretty wife. “As if you have any room to talk,” he squeezed her wrist, his Welsh accent just as strong as it had been over twenty years ago when he had first met her.
“Yes,” Mycroft lowered his eyes, feeling like he was committing the most awful of betrayals.
, he thought as he heard classmates and upperclassmen joking around in the hallway as he holed himself up in his tiny dorm room, trying to read.
Lestrade felt like a fool.
“They just started again, the panic attacks,” John confessed. “I don’t know why.”
Victor stood even closer to him, as close as he could without touching him. Sherlock felt his heart starting to race.
don’t want to marry you.”
“OK,” John fixed his eyes on his cooling coffee as Sherlock leaned forward and said:
causal.”
She had rarely lied to her husband. Actually, she could count the number of lies she had told him in their nearly fifty years together on one hand. Today, she had lied. She had charged out of the kitchen and crossly announced that she had planned on making apple charlotte with Earl Grey
A single shot cracked through the stillness of the shabby hostel.
The boxers were meant for a larger man and so were the dressing gown and socks but at least John didn’t have to go around unclothed and barefooted in the grimy, cluttered flat. His shoulders brushing the shoeboxes lining the hallway, John slowly turned his body so he could walk sideways through the hallway without touching anything.
“Oh please,” Violet said witheringly. “It was never yours to begin with. He never gave it to you. He only showed it to you on the security monitor. He never had a chance to return it after he got shot. It would have been a waste of money to purchase another ring. I would have been angry if he had been so foolish to do so.”
He felt a ripple of panic. He reminded himself that panic was illogical.
And pretty corpses all in a row...
“So how is caring an advantage when it absolutely paralyzes me?”
“No.”
11:26 AM
A move that does not attack or capture an enemy piece.
Green thought “Stick” looked like a homo, not an international criminal.
She didn’t play because she was a genius or a prodigy. She played for the sake of playing. She loved music.
“Figured you may not wish to tackle a flight of stairs tonight,” Sherlock muttered as he unlocked her door. Sensing instead of seeing John’s confused look, he explained why he had a spare key to their landlady’s home.  “I water Mrs. Hudson’s orchids when she goes on holiday.”
If The British Government had been expecting a warm reception or even polite gratitude, he was sadly mistaken.
Honoré meanwhile turned to Dupin, shaking his shaggy blond head. “I don’t know what that means. I’ve never heard of that gang before.” When Dupin remained silent, he turned to John and Sherlock. His eyes widened as he watched John hand Sherlock his torch, then take his Army Browning out, switching the safety off. Again, the boy stuttered, “I don’t know what that means. What does Red Head League mean?”
“Right-O. My travel bag’s in the car. Just need to dream up an excuse to the Met.”
“John, I like you.”
“I didn’t think you’d remember.”
“Sarah Cushing, known as Crusher on the streets,” Sherlock studied the woman’s immobile face with his usual intensity, all emotion tucked away, locked in one of his Mind Palace’s rooms. “Sarah’s ears were sent to her sister, a Susanne Cushing, correct?”
He hoped Heathcliff would accidentally set the barn on fire and be unable to get out.
As soon as the angry words were out, John regretted them.  He regretted the cruelty and he regretted the retaliation from Harry.
“Smartphone,” Mary laughed sardonically again then moaned again.
Thailand.
“How?”
As Gladstone gratefully watered a lamp post, Sherlock fished his mobile out of his trousers’ pocket. He hit a speed-dial number.
“I don’t know,” John replied, his own hand gripping Sherlock’s arm. He sought Sherlock’s free hand with his own and they clung together, fingers twined together tightly. “I don’t know. She is very sensible, we know she can keep a secret. It feels wrong to keep her in the dark, but… she could also panic. Fear makes the best of us do stupid shit. Plus, what if Mycroft is lying, having us on again, as usual? Maybe he’s using reverse psychology to make you
“Will you help me to convince her to let me help her? She cannot continue her crusade for Marissa alone. If she keeps going rogue, she’s going to either get herself killed, or worse, John.”
“Tell James Bond I said hi,” Violet called after her.
John had stopped a second before Honoré had spoken and instinctively reached for Sherlock to stop him, almost clothes-lining him.  John had seen the yawning hole shortly ahead of him. If Honoré hadn’t called out, Sherlock and Dupin might have walked right into it without realizing it. After all, there is only so much one can observe in near-total darkness.
Sally felt her heart start to pound, hearing the strained voices of her rescuers fade away as they carried the body away. She thought it was about to burst from her chest as panic started to overtake her again.
“Brilliant deduction,” John wobbled up to his feet, his stomach lurching again as he did so. “I’ll… right back. Loo,” he bolted back towards the small lavatory in the back of the plane.
Violet also snorted, “Amateurs.” The two allies exchanged a quick, tense grin then Violet said, “OK, so I’m open to suggestions on how to get the hell out of here.”
Sherlock gave Trelawney-Hope a look of supreme irritation. “I would like to go to your house today, even if it’s inconvenient.”
While it was sleeveless, it was not strapless. There were  the tiniest of straps holding the frock up.
“You have no idea,” John grizzled.
Lestrade stuffed his anger at Sherlock down. When it came to bizarre crimes like this… oh, who was he trying to kid, they fucking needed him. The worst part was that he damn well knew it.
“No,” Sherlock admitted. Victor could feel his shoulders drooping as he said, “No, that was a stupid idea… but we could make a plan, we could still leave, we could…”
Stupid, useless, confusing, conflicting emotions...
“To protect you, of course! Look at what they are doing to you
Have a wonderful week! Thanks again for reading/commenting/kudo'ing/recommending/bookmarking!
“Ahh,” the Earl cottoned on. “She has the missing piece of it then, doesn’t she?”
how I slipped the Iceman’s leash. I have the Virgin wrapped around my little finger.”
“Saturday, her date of departure needs to be this coming Saturday,” Sherlock tucked his mobile between his ear and shoulder so he could rub his aching temple while still holding onto the leash. “That will give us enough time to tie up any loose ends plus to have enough public quarrels so that it will be plausible that she left me.”
“Very well, I won’t,” Sherlock said amicably.
“It’s a trap, of course,” the elder Moriarty leaned back into the sofa.
“Good,” John said. “Because that’s what I really want. I don’t want you keeping me in the dark anymore. Also, I need your help finding Maisie if Mary and Violet were unsuccessful tonight. I need her death certificate revoked. I need a missing persons report opened.”
“Oh,” John woke up a bit more, scratching his thigh. He had also donned boxers, but that was definitely because he was far more modest than Sherlock. “How is she?”
He stood up, stretched his aching back and meandered towards the impressive buffet, also hand-carved from beech and accented with the same gold trim. The massive mirror hanging above it was framed with the same beech and gold as the dining room set.
There was also a postscript reminding her to please wear heels at least three inches high.
“As far as she’s concerned, we had a spat that went too far.”
“I know,” Mary led John to the car.
“Oh,” he said again, his voice barely more than a breath.
“If you run into any trouble, they will help you. Tell him you’re my… friend.”
3 June 2016
It did not disappoint.
instead of all the other names because I know it annoys him when I call him the incorrect name. I am not to show off. I am to keep my deductions to myself. I am to remember today is about Molly, not me.”
John fumed as he let Sherlock help him out of the cab.
John got the hint right quick. He let her go and watched her hobble down the last three steps.
Mary paled. She looked over her shoulder at the closed door. “I have bad news, John.”
When the lift doors opened, the Baker Street Irregulars found Greg and Molly in hallway. Greg held Molly as close to him as possible. Molly’s eyes were very red.
“For starters,” Dupin’s eyes twinkled as he chose to ignore Sherlock’s rudeness and John’s pleas. “You need to master the art of
Still reclined, eyes still closed, Sherlock muttered, “’They always fill me with a certain horror. It is my belief… founded upon my experience, that the lowest and vilest alleys in London do not present a more dreadful record of sin that does the smiling and beautiful countryside.’ **” He paused. “Or seaside, in our case.”
The baldness of Sherlock’s answer shocked Mycroft. “Then it is a good thing I am taking it over. It’d be a shame to punish a historical landmark for what people did inside  it.”
Violet paled. She realized her mistake. Panic-stricken, she looked over Lestrade’s shoulder at Sherlock. He had closed his eyes in defeat when Lestrade told her to repeat what he said.
They slept until noon. Then they shared a shower. Afterwards, they went down to Mrs. Hudson’s to tidy up since she was supposed to finally come home from her “retreat” on Saturday.
Now Sherlock opened his eyes. He ignored the stunning view of the Helford River, sapphire against a robin’s egg blue sky. A few wispy clouds scudded lazily across the horizon. Cornwall must have escaped the debilitating drought that roasted the rest of England. Everything was still lush and emerald green.
“Just… erm…hmm,” he put the knuckle of his right hand to his lips as his casted left hand dangled uselessly from its sling.
Feels...
“Oh, he called me every filthy name in the book and how I was the most ungrateful daughter in the entire world. I bore it as well I as could, after all, I was still only an eighteen year old girl, a very sheltered eighteen year old girl. I was terrified. But I found my courage and told the bastard quite plainly to let the Earl of Winchester know I was  giving up any claim I may have on the inheritance that would have gone to my mother. I also told my father I would keep quiet about how he kept me and Mama locked up in that house all those years as long as he agreed to support me financially for five years in America. If he refused, I’d go public, create a scandal.”
“And it only took you ten minutes and thirty-five seconds,” Sherlock informed her.
But as a personal favor to John, he would ensure the little girl’s safety.
he would help paint the nursery.
can’t abandon John. Not now, not after
,” Wiggins put on the rucksack Sherlock had brought down from the house. “But I thought it was “Lay on, MacDuff”, not-”
Violet scooped up her fake eyeglasses she had placed on the table next to Sherlock’s chair and jammed them on her face. She hastily bundled her hair up as she ran out the door. She tied the sash of the blue dressing gown around her slim waist as she hurried down the stairs, nearly tripping on the hem.
“How is it that you always manage to attract a dominatrix?”
He remembered the older gentleman sitting in his surgery for a routine appointment, a jovial man in his mid to late sixties with the face and hair of an old lion and a kindly smile… and a heart made of ice and a will made of iron.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft clutched the file and Anthea’s mobile. “I do not know what you are up to. I also know I was not… forthcoming as to why I did not want you to take Lady Smallwood’s case against Charles Augustus Magnussen and that is my fault.” His Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed. “I ordered you not to meddle with Charles Augustus Magnussen. I am pleading with you not to interfere with the Scowrers Family.”
No Violet.
Sherlock boomed again.
She flipped it over again. Now it read, “Margaux Vos.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, “Intimately familiar.”
“No, it’s obviously a French story, don’t be thick, Little Brother.”
“I’m not OK,” Sherlock whispered, “But let me pretend I am so I can do my job.”
. I see now.”
“Perhaps,” Mycroft found himself fidgeting with his umbrella handle now. “We could do with something stronger than tea in order to discuss this unpleasant subject?”
“It’s a possibility we’re entertaining, yes.” Mycroft took a dainty sip of his tea. “Why did you disappear for two days?”
Her hand… her hands, her small, smooth hands… hands that had held his face and wiped away his tears when he finally, finally allowed himself to fall to bits after Sherlock’s death. It had been the second anniversary of The Fall. Yes, he had cried a little at Sherlock’s grave shortly after the headstone had been erected, but he had stuffed those feelings down, just like he did with all his other emotions. Sherlock would have been proud of his lack of sentimentality. John had swallowed those tears, touched the onyx headstone and marched away, shoulders squared, heart dead. But on the second anniversary of The Fall, Mary had gently suggested they go visit Sherlock. That was exactly how she phrased it. Visit Sherlock. At the gravesite, she had held his hand then his face as he finally broke down, unable to hide the hurt any longer. Sherlock Holmes had finally been vindicated. Richard Brooks was proven to be a fraud, Moriarty was real and Sherlock was dead. And John seemed like the only one who still cared, who still waited for one more miracle… and he had thought that miracle was Mary.
he thought.
Violet allowed herself to smile.
, he thought, hoping his poker face would hold.
“It’s not… Sherlock!” Lestrade had spluttered. “We caught the guy. You bloody solved two unrelated cases at once. I
As the train waved and swayed as it rounded a corner, she thought desperately,
(See the end of the chapter for
If it sounds familiar, it's because it's the same song played during the big dance scene in "Scent of  a Woman", one of my ultimate favorite movies.
Before either John or Mary could ask
John studied Sherlock, tightlipped. He wanted to believe Sherlock but… “You’ve lied to me so many times before, Sherlock,” he forced himself to say.
“Wrong. Mycroft is,” Sherlock pulled out a shiny black credit card out of his other pocket. “I pinched this from him when I met with him at the Diogenes Club.”
Sherlock leaned in for a kiss, then another, then another. As his tongue lazily explored John’s mouth, his hand danced down John’s lightly haired chest and soft belly then tantalizingly over the front of his pants. John moaned as Sherlock moved his hand back up over the rock-hard erection then slipped his fingers under the waistband of his pants.
Happy Sunday!
“Ladies,” John snapped at the Holmes brothers, “Big picture, yes?”
John watched Sherlock take two mis-matched mugs and a tin of Earl Grey out of the cupboard and set them all down on the countertop with resounding thumps. “But you observed that I wasn’t completely straight, didn’t you? Probably deduced from the start,” he grinned wryly. “Probably sussed it out when I moved in and you saw my hair products in the en suite.”
However, a Tottenham pub was the only secure location Sherlock could procure that he knew would not produce a blip on Mycroft’s radar. Dear little Miss Dobney had been an utter God-send. Her paranoia paid off in spades. She texted Sherlock whenever a stranger even so much as glanced at the building. Sherlock finally was able to de-bug and de-camera his home, plus add a few silent alarms of his own as well as reinforcing the locks on his windows and doors. As he entered the dank, unfriendly-looking public house, he made a mental note to purchase his own surveillance cameras, ones that would link to his Smartphone and not Mycroft’s laptop.
“I will, at church along with everyone else.”
Sherlock was dead asleep.
“Nah,” Trager grinned. “Orlando. We’re going to Disney World.”
Irene choked back a sob then started breathing rapidly, “Please…” her breath hitched.
“How do we play?” Sherlock made himself sound intrigued.
“Who knows you, Johnny?” she winked and exited the car.
wanted to pull the trigger.
“I don’t think I should.”
Plus, Sherlock’s ankle really did bloody hurt.
“Bloody hell,” John tried to think of which royal the late Lord Smallwood would have gotten into bed with. But he was no better deducing that fact than he was trying to figure out who the minor royal Irene Adler had been playing with or the Princess who wrote the Stupid Letter. “So Magnussen was manipulating not just Parliament members, but the very monarchy itself.”
He listened to the scrape of the fork against ceramic as Mycroft began eating his own slice.
“Lady Elise’s toxicology reports are missing from the official police report. When John went to The Met to investigate, he was told they were lost. How convenient that the toxicology reports from Rucastle’s first wife disappeared when it’s apparent his second wife is being drugged?”
The small, yellowing photograph in his hand was a baby picture of Sherlock, back when he was called William, aged eight months.
She shook her head. “I need to tidy up a bit,” she put her hand to her hair. “And I’m sure my hair and make-up’s a mess now too.”
Sherlock grinned and strolled away, whistling, stopping to kiss his mother on her cheek.
bitch,” Violet seethed, ignoring Sherlock’s advice. “Goddamn her,’” she cursed again, not because she mourned the loss of life but because her own life was now in immediate jeopardy because of that career-climbing dumb-ass. “What about
She was funny when he needed a laugh, somber when he needed to be serious. She didn’t force her affections on him, but was always available when he needed a kiss or a hug. Or rather, when she thought he needed a kiss or a hug.
The second picture was of her nude body supine on the floor, an intricate butterfly tattooed on her lower back.
“Oh, other than they are bank accounts opened under a false name and the funds deposited in those accounts were generated from a money-laundering operation? None that I can see.”
“He’s married.”
“The victim was murdered three days ago,” Sherlock proclaimed as he lifted the police tape up so John and Alex could walk under it without bending over too much. “You can tell by the smell you keep complaining about, John. The victim will probably be some sort of office temp or waitress with aspirations of stardom like the other three.”
“Ohhh… so once Mycroft’s out of the country, then you’ll leave to go get Miss Smi- err, I mean, Miss Hunter.”
She still vividly remembered the sound of glass shattering, the continual
“No idea,” John admitted. “One of Mycroft’s minions is coming for me tomorrow. Going to have breakfast with the P.M. and find out more details.”
“Sherly?” she had slurred out and the night promptly went downhill from there… especially when Janine saw the ginger slag wearing
But there weren’t any. Not really. So he just nodded at Sherlock, said “You better get in there, Violet’s probably waiting,” and left to fetch Molly.
John did as he was told and returned with a butter knife. Sherlock carefully wedged the knife and painfully-slowly, worked the board loose. To John’s disappointment, there was no treasure trove. No priceless jewels or stacks of cash or bags of exotic and expensive narcotics.
“Actually, she was seventeen,” Sherlock had enough sense to look abashed. “Didn’t seem… appropriate to disclose her actual age under the circumstances.”
She told him to take her to the Best Western in Fairfax, where she went to earth until she found a ride out of DC.
Mary frowned when Sherlock’s words trailed off then looked down at her fingers entwined with John’s. Decided to let that strange look the detective gave her husband go.
going on until it’s too late – SH
“Kudos to you for using gender-neutral terminology,” Violet gave him a disparaging look. “It was theorized that the third assassin was a woman, correct?”
But John’s injuries had stiffened her resolve. She would
“I’m fine, John,” came the irritated, slightly embarrassed voice.
“No, he has alibis for all the murders. He was in Majorca on holiday with the wife and kids during the first murder and he was in America during the last two murders on an extended business trip,” John took his little notebook out and flipped it open. Reading his notes, John said, “Dr. Evans reviewed the autopsies and the police files before he met with me this morning. During our meeting, he told me that how the bodies were burned does not fit with any known occult ritual he knows about. But he found it very interesting how the bodies were burned, that they were burned very slowly, just enough to destroy any distinguishing features.”
Sherlock feigned going back to sleep.
“What if… what? “ Sherlock spread his arms out. “He decides the closet is no fun anymore and comes crawling back? Professing his undying devotion to me and proposes that he and I run off into the sunset together leaving you and Mary to wail and gnash your teeth in our dust? My dear Violet, that only happens in romantic comedies and fairytales.”
“No you don’t,” the boy giggled, clearly enjoying the attention from his father.
“Not as much time as you,” Mycroft took a small sip.
he reflected as the immigrations officer reviewed his passport.
She stole a quick glance at Sherlock as they trotted towards a good-looking young man with blond hair, holding up a sign that read:
She inhaled then shook her head. “That’s nasty but that’s not what she was wearing.”
“I said
Sometimes she wound up there after a bad dream.
The tearing feeling continued to plague him after the tea was made and the piano was tuned.
She did worry about John, gimping around on crutches. Both she and Mary had tried to dissuade John from staying. John, of course, acted like the stereotypical stubborn mule.
Sherlock really didn’t like the taste of alcohol. And he was a bit of a nightmare to deal with after a bender. His hangovers turned him into a complete and utterly whiny brat. But he would indulge in an adult beverage from time to time if it was sweet. Miraculously, Sherlock never got hooked on the feeling of being drunk, not like how he got hooked on being high.
3 April 2016
2 December 2015
Violet gingerly touched the lump on the side of her head.
He wore one of his usual black suits paired with a crisp white shirt. He sat next to a chestnut-haired tart, wearing a skin-tight electric-blue dress with her tits all but hanging out and
“I told you,” Sherlock cut her off as he swung his feet down, “To leave the matter of Ford alone. Not only did you disregard my wishes but you hid this from me. Tell me what you learned from your… investigation.” He put his elbow on the table and tented his fingers.
Lestrade had texted both Sherlock and John in utter desperation two days ago. An oddly unimpressive jeweled coronet that had been loaned to The British Museum from the Louvre had been twisted and defaced. Someone had taken the antique and dainty crown and twisted it into a figure-eight.
“Molly and Greg Lestrade are trustworthy people,” John argued. “Especially Molly, she kept one of Sherlock’s greatest secrets for two years,”
Feeling the sunlight hitting his face, Sherlock pulled the duvet over his head. Under the covers, he rolled over only to discover he was not alone in his bed.
Lastly, she wetted a paper towel and wiped off her eye make-up and lipstick. She felt naked, but the mix of casual clothes and fancy cosmetics would be noticeable.
Kissing again, hot, wet and longing, Sherlock rolled John over to his side. When he heard the jangle of a belt buckle and the soft hush of the zip being pulled down, John’s eyes popped open.
. That’s good to know. That’s very good to know.”
So she grudgingly canvassed Little Italy, had lunch at Papa Bella’s Ristorante and found to her pleasant surprise, that the food was very good. She also learned everyone’s routine.
, Miss Smith,” Sherlock started pushing Simon through the crowd, towards the police. “Perhaps instead of alerting me to how behind we are falling in schedule, you could be more useful by clearing a path for me and Mr. Mitchell?”
so they could hide in the flat above it.
“Why on earth would I have severed testicles in my refrigerator?”
, not in Paris,” Violet looked around again. “That would be suicide, with security as tight as it is now. Eyes and ears are everywhere. But it
, he thought.
He really didn’t care for the taste of most alcohol. And he hated how muddled he felt when he started to get drunk. If he had to alter his mental state, he’d much rather use cocaine or morphine… or heroin…
“Somebody had to have seen something,” Violet mused, leaning back in the sofa, crossing her arms. “Maisie was still a preemie. You can’t just waltz out of hospital with a baby born two months early. How much money do you have Mary?”
“Mycroft confirmed that everything is on track. Violet Hunter will be resurrected as of the thirtieth of June and our Cuban marriage will be recognized that same day. He admitted that he’s having an issue with the permanent residency paperwork, mostly due to typical government bureaucracy but an extended visitor’s visa is being prepared for the interim. We hope to get you on the first flight to England no sooner than July 2.”
Both men were completely soaked with sweat now. John could feel the blood seeping through the soft material of his cardigan. John couldn’t remember the last time he felt this apprehensive. Not afraid, exactly. Definitely not happy though.
“Who is that?” Violet asked, adjusting her fake eyeglasses, wondering if her vision really was going to hell.
The Earl rubbed the burned half of his face. “I should have killed him when I had the chance, back when he was small and naive,” he snarled. “I knew, even back then, I knew he was dangerous.” He snorted. “And they call me the monster, me the freak.” He scrubbed at his mouth with the back of his ruined hand. “Get us out of here at once. This place is going to be crawling with cops and MI-6 before we know it.”
, to memorize every single detail so he could visit her in his Mind Palace. Her fair face scarred and freckled like a plover’s egg. Lovely hazel eyes sparkled with intelligence and wit. Her luxurious chestnut hair…
Mary and Violet watched with satisfaction as the color leached out of Mrs. Toller’s face. “I… I didn’t think to check,” she admitted, her hand on her chest. “The darkroom door was closed when I found Dr. Watson, so I assumed…” she bit her lip as she realized just how badly she had screwed up.
“Ah yes, this is the part where you ask me to save your miserable pedophile arse from my brother. Go on then.
“As do I. Not only because you’re John’s wife, but because you’re a fascinating person in your own right.”
They all watched as the hooded woman moved from screen to screen as she entered the pub, looking vainly around and then spotting Lucas. The double-agent did not look pleased to see him. She did not seem very happy either. As she plopped down in her chair and started pointing her finger at Lucas, John moaned, “I wish there was audio.”
Mycroft pushed his diary and pen away from him. He leaned back into his expensive chair again and tapped his fingertips together. In his mind, he saw his rook moving into the Check position on a chessboard. “Dr. Scott videotaped her sessions with Sherlock.”
John cleared his throat. “Uh, I don’t know if you realize or if Sherlock had told you, but… Mary and I had a bit of a falling out last year.”
Sherlock drew in a breath.
“A screw… no. Of course not.”
,” but his bad ankle crumpled underneath him.
“What’s the obvious?”
She wasn’t left-handed. It was a once in a lifetime shot… she was fucking lucky and she knew it…
She dug into her handbag and produced a handful of sweets.
“Google it.”
A nurse popped her head in. “Everything alright?”
Doyle, A. C., & Morley, C. (1930). The Disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax. The complete Sherlock Holmes. Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday & Co
“Nothing wrong with a bit of toilet humour from time to time,” Sherlock chuckled. Sobering up, he added, “Be very careful around Mary.”
Dupin laughed. “Do you have any idea how heavily guarded
This they had done before, frotting against each other. This was also when the height difference stopped being a challenge and started being a pain in the arse.
“No!” John barked harshly, almost violently. Violet all but jumped out of her skin.
13 January 2016
As a crowd started to gather, Anthea stammered, “So sorry, there’s been a terrible mistake.”
“Until now,” Violet gritted her teeth. “Mycroft didn’t tell me how my cover was blown, so I gather it’s because of the security breach on her end. How was Melrose compromised?”
She shut the mirror with a click and put it back in her handbag. She had pulled out her mobile to text Mycroft for details about the Paris mission when the chapel doors open. Sherlock slipped in.
Doyle, A. C., & Morley, C. (1930). A Study in Scarlet.
Notes at the end!
“No, that’s your wife’s division.”
… but it wouldn’t be
John seriously had underestimated how many fans the blog had until he mentioned in a brief post how he and Mary had adopted a bait dog from a dog fighting ring Sherlock broke up. Donations of dog food, treats, toys, blankets and furniture flooded their terrace house. Mary and John really did end up giving away the bulk of the donations. One package came all the way from Australia. They did keep one of the donated toys from that box, a kangaroo doll.
Not to mention the Tower would be full of bloody tourists. Yanks, most likely, which only made the prospect feel that much worse.
He felt the weight of the suicide bomber vest on him again.
“Mary, how’n…” He looked at Dupin, then stupidly cupped his hand around the mouthpiece and whispered, “How in the hell are we going to be able to tell the counselor the crux of our problems without lying?” John hissed. “Can this please wait until I get home?”
But what Molly didn’t see and what Violet observed was how the kid stared at
“Pardon?” the rude analyst asked.
But,” Sherlock over-emphasized the “T” as he held up a finger. “I also cannot control if and when the child decides to seek
Sherlock lifted his head, locking his eyes on John’s. Even after all these years, Sherlock could still catch him off-guard with one of his piercing looks. Those ever changing irises, blue-green-gold, still unnerved him from time to time, making him feel like a specimen under a microscope.
“Well, you’ve had a rather exciting past couple of days,” Mrs. Hudson said cheerily, as if she hadn’t spent most of the weekend in John and Mary’s cramped spare bedroom. “You probably could do with a bit of moral support.”
Violet desperately tried to contact Sergeant Sally Donovan. Naturally she couldn’t just waltz into Scotland Yard, so she called and called and called, filling up Donovan’s voice mail, pleading, begging her to Call Back… Violet had no idea just how stubborn or prideful Donovan was… it would be months later before DI Lestrade would learn Donovan withheld information, all of Violet’s voice mails, that would have proved “Richard Brooks” had been responsible for abducting the American ambassador’s children, not Sherlock.
“What’s the story with Susan anyway?”
“… oh, shan’t be but a moment,” Sherlock told Toller in an airy voice as he pushed past the PA.
Come over after school tomorrow
Sherlock had of course replied, “Do we really?” but after being on the receiving end of John’s displeased glance, agreed to help plan and attend “George’s” stag party. Both Mary and Violet agreed to pamper Molly and keep her company while they were out carousing.
“Why not?”
Friday morning
“She was reading and drinking. She had just set the wine glass down. She slopped a bit as she did so, indicating her level of intoxication. You can see some droplets on the doily and the chair itself,” Violet pointed to the plum-coloured dots on the square bit of lace on the table then pointed at the same small dots on the chair. “She was pissed, but not annihilated. She felt good. She put the wine glass down to turn the page,” Violet mimed the action. “As she was doing so, she was surprised by the intruder. She didn’t know the intruder, which was why she jumped out of her chair, dropping her book. You can take the girl out of the East End but you can’t take the East End out of the girl. She grabbed the wine bottle, which was still at least half full, judging by the wine on the carpet. She used it as a weapon against the intruder. But she
A smile tugged on her lips as she decided to stop dilly-dallying. She switched the coffeemaker on and made herself a bowl of instant Cream of Wheat, although she only managed to eat half before her appetite vanished again. She gave the rest of the hot cereal to Gladstone, who wolfed it down as she took her coffee into the master bathroom.
He didn’t touch it. “What’s that?”
“It’s me again,” Mycroft put a lot of frost into his voice. “Since you are not responding to my texts please do me the courtesy of returning my call. It’s urgent. I need…” he found himself faltering.
The bullet that penetrated Violet ripped straight through her, tearing muscle, bone, organs, arteries, veins. Without exploratory surgery the type of damage done to her could not be properly assessed.
“Shut up,” Green had snapped.
John chuckled affectionately, “Never boring.”
, Mycroft opened his eyes and looked up at the skies. The cold winter skies where his brother had cheated death once again.
“’Night,” MacDonald nodded and walked off. Violet had breathed a sigh of relief. MacDonald was far sharper than many of the other cops working for the Met.
Mary pointed her gun at Anthea’s head.
Mary crept in, her guard up, her eyes open. The flat was practically Spartan, just one large room, not even a proper kitchen, just a countertop with a microwave, a toaster, a coffee pot and an electric kettle. The furniture was mismatched and all arranged around a telly on an old entertainment center that was obviously designed for the old tube style televisions, not the new flat screens. But everything was tidy. There was even a struggling philodendron plant trying to grow in a chipped Mickey Mouse mug on top of the entertainment center.
“Do you like it?” Sherlock asked her in a hushed voice.
He met with Ella online for virtual therapy sessions every Monday afternoon. He had found a Swiss physiotherapist who would work with him after he had made the transition from cast to brace. Therapy was hell and his wrist and fingers ached long afterwards. But John decided he would not bloody learn how to write with his right hand, so like a good Englishman, he gritted his teeth, stiffened his lip and endured.
Most people still blamed the recently deceased man for the deaths of all those new recruits on their first military mission in Afghanistan.
9:05 PM
Even though he couldn’t see him, Sherlock recognized Dupin’s voice. Softly, he informed Jim, “No more games now. It’s over, Jim.”
“I’m glad you finally saw reason, Agent Hu-ummpphhh!” Mycroft did not see the right hook coming. He staggered away from Violet, clutching his chin and jaw. He tasted blood.
“Sorry, my pit stop at the Ladies’ took longer than I thought.”
221B Baker Street
He had let her get too close. To be perfectly honest, letting her get too close only compounded the original mistake.
So sorry about not posting last Sunday, it's been a weird past couple of weeks in my small corner of the universe (*whispers* So I'm totally whoring for comments and kudos this week because by weird I mean shitty... :^( )
He felt her pinkie linking around his. Some of the burning feeling in his chest dissipated.
Sherlock had taken the gun, but tucked it into the back of his trousers. “No time,” he muttered, his eyes scrutinizing John’s battered body faster than any medical scanner. “We need to get you to hospital. Fast.” Sherlock fished his handkerchief out of his jacket pocket. “Best I can do at this point. This will hurt,” he said in his usual, detached tones.
“You don’t want to be separated from your friend, which is understandable. But you two were separated for two years. Surely you can stand one night.” Dupin patted John on the shoulder then turned to Sherlock. “Besides, it’ll be fun for you. The basilica is closed to visitors at this time. You’ll have to break in. You would probably enjoy the challenge.”
He toed off his shoes, took off his great coat and padded to the kitchen to feed the dog. He also drank two glasses of water and swallowed four ibuprofen tablets. Paracetamol wasn’t going to cut it. After that mundane chore, he wandered back towards the bedroom and sat on the bed as he stripped off his shirt, vest and socks then he shimmied out of his trousers. He slipped underneath the duvet, curling his long limbs around her. Even in her drunken sleep, her hands sought his and soon their fingers were entwined.
“If you hadn’t allowed emotion to blind you, you would have come to that logical realization yourself. ‘The emotional qualities are antagonistic to clear reasoning...'”
because Cardiff wasn’t a home, it was just a place where she lived and kept her things.
Violet couldn’t help sounding smug. “Did you know that Sherlock’s ancestors were suspected Catholic sympathizers?”
“I wouldn’t compare the Dark Net to Mos Eisley, my dear Violet.”
He followed Sherlock into the spooky old building, drawing his weapon for the first time ever in his career. He had begun his police career as an AFO, with a macho aspiration to become an SFO and going all the way to SCO19. The first armed robbery he had responded to and the gruesome aftermath snuffed that ambition out quickly. But it had created a new one, investigative work which led him to his current position at The Met.
NOT FUNNY SHERLOCK – SH
“Come on, mate,” a security guard roughly grabbed John from behind.
friend
Sherlock finally cracked a smile. “We could probably hide The Letter in there and no one would be the wiser.” He saw John attempt a smile, but he was starting to feel slightly irritated that John
“Well, I knew you liked the books so…” John felt the floor weaving below him. “And hey, I’m not sure if Mary told you, but if you want to spend the night at Anna’s that’s fine with me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Oh, I never do, my dear Violet,
But that could have been caused by the fear as well.
“Right,” Chibs had ordered while putting his helmet. “You Devil’s Foot lads that aren’t going with us to sunny Florida, don’t go home. Round up your old ladies and your kids and any other friends of the club and bring them back to the clubhouse. Put it on lockdown until further notice. This is not a discussion.” Once the bikes were unloaded and everyone had mounted their chrome-plated steeds, Chibs shouted over the roar and throttle of the engines: “Lead the way, Stick.”
“Yeah. Well, Mary did confess to one more lie.”
“You’re a careful man, a clever man, an observant man. You knew Sherlock would use you and your secrets to bait Magnussen. You also never spend the holidays with your family, but there you were, at Mom and Dad’s with your work computer.” Violet dropped her genial disposition. “Magnussen had been a canker sore on English society for a while now, but by 2014, he had been upgraded from a pain in the ass to a real viable threat. Because Magnussen had a stranglehold on the press, nobody knew that his legal residency had been revoked and he was being threatened with deportation, which was another reason why he was squeezing the Smallwoods. He wanted them to use their influence to get his residency reinstated. He wasn’t going to leave until he got his way, which was to have the NHS dismantled and an American-style of private insurance installed in the U.K, which was why he was blackmailing
She took the glass, made a motion with her other hand to smooth his hair, but she stopped herself. Ducking her head down, she scurried towards the kitchen.
“Right,” he squeezed Mary’s hand as he thought
“He’s my best friend,” Sherlock said immediately. Knowing what John would say and would want him to do; he added unwillingly “I will take the case.”
The bedroom was more like a large closet with a double bed crammed into it. Suffice to say there was no closet or chest of drawers, just pegs on the wall to hang their clothes. Not to mention that the bed was ridiculous. Sherlock couldn’t fit in it unless he curled up in a ball like a cat. Otherwise, if he tried to sprawl out, his feet hung over the foot of the bed, as they did right now. There was barely room for Violet, if she had ever felt like sharing.
en pointe
. Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday & Co.
you, Mother.”
It was nice, really. Having another friend. He never thought he’d have even one.
But when it was John who reached down to take both of them in his hand, Sherlock, needless to say, was shocked. He broke the kiss in amazement, but then felt all of his bones in his body melt away as John started moving his hand up and down. He groaned again, thrusting against John’s hand. The silky hardness of John’s cock  gliding against his own erection as John’s calloused palm encircled them both almost pushed him over the edge.
She averted her eyes from Mary’s.
“Go talk to him,” Anna Watson wearily asked her husband as she cleared the dinner table.
“We would have been here a day earlier,” Sherlock carried two ice-packs over. Placing one on her knee, he said, “We had a flat tyre in Indiana, which caused a delay. Unfortunately, that gave Peters enough time to finish whatever business he had in St. Louis to track you down.”
She learned to carry hard candies in her handbag if she caught his hands shaking or if he started complaining about a headache when she was out with him on a case. She learned not to use the words “eating disorder” around him and made sure when he was in a bingeing phase to subtly steer him away from the greasy Chinese and Indian take-aways. Fortunately she really was a fairly decent cook, despite the lie she had originally told Mrs. Hudson about being “a crap cook.”  As for Mrs. Hudson, well, she loved any excuse to prepare them a massive meal and to remind them that she was Not the Housekeeper.
“But… we just bought this place. We haven’t even unpacked everything yet.”
Violet always hated deceiving genuinely good and kind people, which was why she hated not telling John about her little side project with Mary. Her conscience gnawed at her as she rode the lift to the cancer floor. Once the doors whooshed open, she smiled at the sympathetic nurse and got out of the lift. Then ducked down a corridor and into the stairwell and jogged down the stairs to meet Mary in the quiet little nondenominational chapel where she had told her to wait.
Saturday night
He stopped at the closest Pret’s and picked up coffee for himself and bagels for everyone, a mix of plain bagels, five-grain oatmeal and his personal favorite, Energy bagels, full of all things he loved and Sherlock hated… in other words, healthy stuff like rolled oats, cracked wheat, sunflower seeds, wheat bran flakes, and raisins.
“We’re not sure,” Lestrade said apologetically. “We just have to follow… up… on… any… tips, Sherlock? Where are you going?”
“Of course… the Earl… the murders, all the murders happened in Westminster. Parliament is in Westminster and this bastard prick of a lord is a member of Parliament.”
When Moriarty committed the Crime of the Century in 2011, Violet and her FBI partner, Special Agent Steven Morgan immediately fled, diving into deep underground. They took shelter at their undisclosed bolt hole in Soho. No landlines, no wifi, no bank cards. Off the grid completely.
He tucked the ring into his jeans pocket.
Lisbeth did not offer platitudes. They did not have that sort of friendship. “It’s better that she knows. If she didn’t, it would have blindsided her.” She tossed her earrings into her giant handbag. Then she rooted around in it and produced a pack of Marlboro Reds and a Zippo lighter. “Fag?” she held out the red and white box.
But it did the trick. He had turned his watery eyes onto Mary and asked “What did you have in mind? For my trouble?”
Plus, Sherlock should not leave Violet alone in 221B Baker Street and another body is found...
to take his place. So, Mycroft, what’s it going to be? Is William going to live or is he going to die? He kicked the pigeon’s body again, this time hard enough so it hit Mycroft in the shin.
“’I cannot live without brain-work. What else is there to live for?’**” Sherlock scoffed.
Mycroft snatched the file away from Sherlock. “What’s this?”
“I made a deal with Alistair,” Siger rubbed the back of his neck then raked his fingers through his jet-black curls, pushing the fringe out of his eyes. “He said he won’t prosecute us for what William did to Heathcli-”
“Sherlock?” John stood on his tiptoes to look over at Sherlock.  All he could see was Sherlock’s black curly head as he lay on his belly, apparently studying something underneath the shelves. “What’s the matter, Sherlock?”
“Will be reprimanded for his mistreatment of the good doctor,” Gagnon clumsily grabbed the officer by the shoulders, turned him around, issued some sort of order in French and pushed him. After scowling at Sherlock and John, he stalked off, clearly displeased. But as the brutish police officer departed, Gagnon put his glasses back on and grumbled: “Anything else?”
Later that night, Sherlock revealed to John how badly his mind had suffered when his nightmares woke John up out of a dead sleep. The following morning Sherlock had blithely lied straight to John’s face about suffering night terrors. John had finally confronted him about the bad dreams last March, shortly before they all met Violet. Sherlock reluctantly agreed to tell him what had all happened to him during the Great Hiatus. He had promised John, “In my own time, John. Not tonight, but in my own way, my own time, yes, I will tell you everything.”
“Well, well,” she purred in that throaty, sensual voice of hers. “Hello, Mr. Holmes.”
This is what John had told himself every day since he’d put Harry in the ground. Every night, his body betrayed his heart and mind.
“What are you working on?”
But Dupin did not rise. John could feel Sherlock positively vibrating from the inactivity. Seeing Sherlock opening his mouth, John immediately grabbed his thin wrist, sternly telling him, “
“John?”
“God, I wish I never fucking met her!” John exploded. “Fine, I promise. I’ll keep her happy so we all stay safe. But I’m not going to…” he trailed off, shaking his head, “Just… no.”
“I hate you both so much right now,” John grumbled as Violet hooted merrily while Sherlock kept plying questions upon him about how on earth did he manage that feat in such a small space and what if someone would have walked in on them…? Or decided to answer nature’s call in the cubicle next to them, wouldn’t that have killed the mood…?
“It’s done,” she shrugged off her coat while Gladstone made a beeline for his favorite spot: the sofa. As she hung up her coat one-handed, she said, “Mycroft said it would be best if I left sooner than later, but he doesn’t have a date set yet.”
Violet knew what he was doing. Hell, it was an old interrogation technique she used.
But he shook his head, “I can’t… I need to think.”
Then Gladstone made a low, hacking noise and proceeded to sick up all the sarnies Sherlock had been feeding him on the sly all over the rug.
“That’s too much information,” John had quipped. “Sherlock, I can… I can manage, let go.”
“The hell with elegant! It’s accurate,” Violet snapped. “Ever since I’ve found out, no, ever since you told me who Mary really was, I’ve been working on a profile for her. Right now, she is the most dangerous woman in London, possibly England.
“Jesus.”
Lying crosswise on Sherlock’s bed, he arched his back as Sherlock slowly peppering kisses across his chest, his throat, his face. Every kiss was differently from the last, a plan devised solely to torment and arouse him, licking here, nipping there. Some kisses promised to leave bruises while others were lighter than a butterfly.
Sherlock, relegated to a corner of the sofa, away from everyone, looked down and saw Susan perched next to him. Now wearing jeans and an orange-and-pink striped jumper with pink Converse trainers and her long blonde hair held back by a plastic orange headband, she definitely looked like a fourteen-year-old girl now.
He had also needed to change. Now he wore a crisp, formal military uniform. After he returned to park kitty-corner from the pretty red brick house, he took off his gloves and made sure to drape a napkin over his chest so not to get crumbs all over his uniform.
It always seemed strange to John whenever Sherlock stepped into his Devoted Boyfriend Role, especially when he made public displays of affection.
5:02.
Sherlock set Gladstone down on a patch of grass near the house. Mary helped John crouch down so he could examine the dog.
London Millennium Footbridge
“I’m too busy looking at his
“I know, I know, it is an enormous imposition. But with Sherlock and Dr. Watson not in London and DI Lestrade technically still on paternity leave, I’m between a rock and a very hard place. I’ve seen you work a scene with Holmes before. You’re good, very good. In fact, I even wondered if you weren’t actually some sort of undercover cop,” he attempted levity. But when Violet didn’t immediately respond, he meekly added, “I’ll ensure that you receive double the rates Holmes and Dr. Watson receive.”
At least, those  had been her orders from MI-6.
because you’re not as
Then, in unison, they said, “How do you know?” Then Violet said, “Go ahead.”
He did not care about the extra work he had created for the librarian by not putting his books back. He only cared about getting in touch with Sherlock.
Miss me? 0:^)
“D-d-don’t f-f-fucking tell me what to do!” Violet’s teeth chattered worse than before.
Therapy sessions that supposedly never happened.
François le Villard is an ACD character from Sign of Four.
“Force of habit,” Sherlock whispered, deleting his text.
later.
Meanwhile, back in London, Mary and Violet team up to to hide an innocent man and Violet learns more than she bargained for...
everything
John dropped to his hands and knees, sucking in deep whooping breaths before rolling to his side, drawing his knees up to belatedly protect the most vulnerable part of his body. Violet staggered away but only a few steps. Then she slid down the wall, burying her face in her hands, sobbing as if the world had ended.
Lestrade lunged for Sherlock again, only this time he fought back. He twisted Lestrade’s arm behind his back as easily and painfully as he had Mycroft’s the day before he had gotten shot by Mary. And he had been high when he restrained Mycroft. “That’s quite enough.”
He found Harry in the waiting room, dabbing her eyes. “Sorry,” she said in a husky voice. “I just needed a moment.”
“So what’s spurring her on now?” Violet chose her words carefully, mindful to sound like an inquisitive Englishwoman and not an American federal agent. “Why is she so eager to re-open old wounds?”
“Fine, fine. OK,” John started peeling his gloves off.
Jim nodded, “Yeah, OK, that’s fair. It was a shite thing to do to the journalist. We’ll talk about your cut after we get everything buttoned up. But…” he lifted his perfect eyebrows as he put his hands in his coat pockets.
Gripping the side of the chipped enamel sink, she hung her head, felt the stretch in her stiff neck and shoulder muscles as she moved her head slowly from side to side.
you ever call me ‘Holmie’ ever again – SH
Try not to get killed
Numbly, she realized she wasn’t supposed to know.
Lack of restraint? (very short-tempered… but could be due to present circumstances... and living with SH…)
Both stood in front of Sherlock, who sat cross-legged in “his” chair, fingers tented, eyes closed.
“Ah,” Victor said, misunderstanding her completely. “You’ve been talking to Mycroft too.”
“Twins,” Sherlock kept his face just as expressionless as Violet’s.
People started screaming, running away. The din was deafening.
Molly shook her head. “John,” she whispered, her eyes welling again.
“I did. He was less than helpful.” Glancing nervously at the closed bedroom door, she added, “Sherlock, we never came up with a plan as to what to do when we meet your parents.”
“Who we now know was her own twin, Julia Stoner,” Sherlock couldn’t help himself.
“Shhh,” Violet looked around the deserted restaurant. Then she whispered. “I want in.”
“That’s not why she shot me,” Sherlock’s voice was characteristically tentative. “John, she loves you. Truly, she does.”
“You wildly underestimate your brother,” Violet picked up her coffee cup again, glad for a prop.
“I’ll have a panda car come for you,” and with that, Dimmock rang off.
12:10 AM
John had to pause to swallow a sudden lump in his throat.
“Everything will be alright, John.”
John scowled up at Sherlock as Violet rolled her eyes. “Vos, in short, was just a pain in the ass. Born Dutch, but she was no Mata Hari. She had no affinity and no loyalty to any faction or nation. She dealt mostly in secrets. Got cozy with her sources, sucked as much information out of them as possible and either threatened to blackmail them or sell them. It was all about the money. She was basically an Irene Adler, only without the fucking.”
“Told you so.”
he grumbled to himself,
Gibson and Mademoiselle Dunbar, I presume?”
29 April 2016
“Text us,” John ordered her quietly while Mary’s eyes grew round as saucers. “And tomorrow you yourself go see a doctor. Right away, first thing. Go to a walk-in surgery. Tell them what happened and all your symptoms.”
“No but… she wore an awful lot of make-up. Really spackled it on, like she had loads of spots she was trying to hide.” When Donovan gave her another quizzical look, she explained, “My degree is in journalism, funny enough. My first gigs were freelance articles about beauty and fashion. I got a full-time job at one of Magnussen’s fashion mags. It didn’t do very well, couldn’t compete against
“Oh. Shit,” John fumbled in his coat pocket and pulled out a pill bottle. It took him two tries to get the lid off, as John swore under his breath, cursing child-safe bottle lids. However, Sherlock did not offer or assist in opening the lid and for that John was grateful.
Doyle, A. C., & Morley, C. (1930). The Adventure of the Noble Bachelor. The complete Sherlock Holmes. Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday & Co.
“Is that all…” John goggled at the tower of files, then at Sherlock. “Yes that’s bloody well all of them! I’ve never seen so many files for one person.”
She let a little smile of victory turn up her pale lips. She turned the tap off and picked up the damp flannel. She started dabbing at the angry wounds on his face, her touch feather-light. She cradled the back of his head with her free hand, her fingers entwined with his curls.
Violet didn’t interrupt, just leaned back in her seat and listened.
In a dry voice, he continued, “I told my superiors that there was nothing you could have done. I also told them of your exemplary work when you worked undercover to expose Irene Adler as a spy for Moriarty.” His face turned stern and his voice changed again, from frosty to glacial. “The issue with Baden-Baden wa-”
Both men could just make out the muffled sounds of a woman trying to scream but couldn’t because something was obviously in her mouth.
Then, with all the built up heat, all that pent up tension released, Sherlock felt his body grow limp and heavy with sleepy release. Under drowsy, hooded eyes, he finally dared to look up at John in the brightening morning light… who was making a moue of disgust.
John studied his wife then shook his head in exasperation. “OK, I’ve kept my mouth shut and minded my own business, but now I have to ask: did you and Violet have a falling-out?”
John hooted with laughter. “Oh. My God.
“I asked the same,” Mrs. Hudson quavered as Molly put the plastic cup back on the tray.
Sherlock Holmes rolled his eyes and flipped the hood of his black sweatshirt over his head, steadfastly ignoring all the sentimental fools selling poppies on street corners.
He had thrown the Belstaff over her.
“Was in Cuba,” Sherlock baldly lied to his brother, but the lie didn’t really matter. Cuba was actually one of the few countries the British Government has no power or influence over. “Now, I expect you to expedite Violet’s safe passage back to England and fast-track her permanent residency status. At this time, she is not interested in citizenship but may be in the future…”
“I’m fine,” John opened his maths book.
“Fine. You can stand there and sip tea. There’s no milk though. Pity. Ah well.” Sherlock plugged the kettle in, selected an apple from the bowl of fruit. Tossing the fruit to John, he added, “Sara Govmux will not return for the memory stick.” As John caught the apple (nearly dropping Violet’s iPad as he did so) Sherlock said, “She’ll come back for her payment. She didn’t have time to collect her fee.” Sherlock turned to the wine chiller and opened it, taking out a bottle then putting it back inside. He repeated this two more times until he finally grunted, “And what self-respecting Parisian would stock a wine chiller with an Italian wine?” Smirking, he tipped the bottle upside. Purplish liquid appeared to rush to the neck of the bottle. “Impressive,” he ran his fingers over the bottle, stroking the glass, rubbing his thumb over the cork. “Clever, but not clever enough, for me anyway,” Sherlock peeled the label back carefully then twisted the bottom of the wine bottle as if he was opening a pickle jar.
She poured them both two fingers and brought the cups and the bottle over.
“Yeah, well, your mom was a good person,” Larry said gruffly. He was a veteran of the First Gulf War and ran a successful private practice in Falls Church, Virginia. He also lobbied tirelessly for more government assistance for the injured veterans of the current war. “I’m sorry I never got to know you better. She was so damn proud of you, you know,” his voice cracked.
“Mycroft,” John started to groan then snarled instead, “
“Who’s ‘we’?” Sherlock never looked up from his textbook, but he reached for the notebook and pen on the coffee table.”
John sat up on his bed. “What did you do to your hair?”
“Errr… actually, he spared no expense in my treatment. Private doctors, not NHS. That’s how I deduced he actually felt guilty about how he had handled my “rescue.” But… ah… well, the wounds burst open again because…”
“Shouldn’t we just let Lestrade handle it now? Finding the girl?”
“Please don’t.”
“Deep breath, now.” Dr. Watson cajoled. “Come on, for me.”
“No,” John finally muttered, his voice a guttural and harsh thing. “I don’t want drugs.”
, Father.”
However, after doing a bit of online research, she knew about his wife and new baby. So she was able to resist his charms.
, John told himself.)
“I really need to talk to you
He placed his large hand, covering her quivering fingers. “Caffeine is the last thing you need right now, my dear Violet.”
“Not without me and not without giving them,” he pointed at Gregson, “The coordinates.”
growing up without a father.
Dupin,” Sherlock retaliated, nonplussed.
Sherlock’s reply was swift:
J. Edgar Hoover Building, Washington DC
“WHAT?”
A few minutes later, the women placed themselves in position. Mary whistled sharply.
“Harry,” John said firmly, breaking an uncomfortable silence that had only been punctuated by Clara’s weeping...."
But Victor had that effect on every woman, old and young, ugly and beautiful. Of course he did. He was the Man No Woman Could Have, which made him immediately irresistible to all females.
“I don’t want a nanny, I’m too big for a nanny,” the boy whined loudly over the stringy woman’s complaints. “Why can’t I stay here? I can help.”
Just as John and Anthea had gotten out of their vehicle, another black SUV pulled up right next to them. Sherlock had hopped out once the vehicle stopped, looking disdainful and disgruntled, as usual.
Sherlock lowered his head. “I told you so.”
And maybe he was. He did that.
Sweetie and Gladstone, recognizing each other from the Animal Hospital in Falmouth after The Copper Beaches Massacre, curled up next to each other in front of Mary’s fireplace. The fire crackled merrily as if it were a proper fire instead of an electric one.
“And how is my darling brother?”
“What happened,” Mary asked as both she and Violet leaned forward in their chairs.
So he stayed silent. And cold. And untouchable.
“Yes sir. Mrs. Mary Watson, the doctor’s wife. Paramedics have arrived. She’s en route to St. Bart’s now.”
He did not tell her he was checking up on her because Holy Peters was still in town.
. She’s here and so is the evidence connecting Rucastle to the Earl which is-”
“You are,” Dupin said placidly. “John, since we are friends, I feel I can say certain truths to you plainly, as men should when they are friends.”
“What?” Mary’s heart monitor started beeping even faster.
XOXOXOXO
“You’re still pissed though.”
“And the answer is yes, it’s always
“Good. Father is the more observant of the two. Mother is a bit of a dingbat. She likes to
Still he had clung to hope, illogically so. All the signs were there, had been, from the beginning, from the very first time they first confronted each other in the Carruthers Brokerage Firm’s boardroom… how her hands had trembled… how angry she had been when he had snatched her right wrist and pulled her hand towards him, his nose nearly touching her knuckles, almost as if he was going to kiss her hand…
Moriarty, there’s only Moriarty.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, shut it, thought for a moment, then muttered, “I wanted to.”
“C.V.’s and headshots.”
Thank you again for all your comments, kudos, bookmarks and rec's. :^)
“Be careful. I couldn’t stand to lose you again. Not now.”
In this environment, she half-expected him to be wearing a frock coat and spats. However he wore a grey T-shirt (inside out) and fleece pyjamas bottoms. He also needed a shave, desperately. She wore the navy sweater he had been wearing yesterday. She also wore a pair of men’s socks and boxers.
“What are you doing?” John sighed.
“Shit,” her heart pounded as she looked up. Then she looked at the black cab again, even though she had just confirmed it was empty. “Shit, shit,
“Joke’s on you, we’ll just do a recall,” Lestrade huffed.
Violet’s eyes flicked down to the nearly empty bottle of wine next to the rocking chair then back up to John. “Hey,” she said, using her “real” voice.
Without missing a beat, Violet Smith said “He sniffs out the stupid for me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Said to call me Alex,” she said mildly. “Medieval history to start, the hysteria about witches… how you’re supposed to burn ‘em.”
“Do you have any idea what the level of surveillance is on 221B, especially now?”
But then, her appetite had been lagging these past few days.
Basilica, ringing over and over,
John stopped in his tracks as Sherlock crumpled the ruined handkerchief and stuffed it back in his coat pocket.
Sherlock’s quicksilver eyes flicked over to one of his favorite pictures, the cheerful skull, now lying on the floor, the glass of the picture frame shattered. Blood smears now decorated the wall where the skull picture once hung. Near the picture, a black rucksack lay open, some of its contents spilling out, such as a glass cutter and a pick-lock kit.
. Over the years he had learned how to read Sherlock’s micro expressions as well as the subtle body language that other people either dismissed or didn’t observe.
“His daughter…” Violet finished weakly, in the King’s English. But she switched back to Russian. “Alright, I’ll help you. I’ll interrogate her. But we do this my way and you tell your husband the truth. Not only does Sherlock know, but so does John.”
“Sherlock doesn’t miss things, he sees everything,” John sweetly reminded her. “Greg theorizes you may have given him some incentive to hurry up. It was his birthday after all.” Then he cleared his throat, “At least, that’s what the Yarders are saying, anyway.”
“He’s dangerous.”
The unsmiling cops finally cracked a grin when they located the French-to-English translation book Mary had given him before he had left for this horrible trip. But they did more than smile. They laughed at it, clearly making fun of him. Anger flared up within John, stopping the budding panic attack.
“She doesn’t know anything, I told you,” John burst out angrily. “She’s a nurse. She works the A&E at St. Barts. She’s a homemaker, she’s a mother, she’s…” his eyes opened and he looked helplessly at Mary. “She’s my wife. She’s not involved in any of this. She doesn’t work with me and Sherlock. Just let her go, she won’t say anything, will you, love?”
“She’s twenty-three. Maybe she’s sleeping off a bender at a new boyfriend’s house?”
“We’re not leaving them.”
“I’ll drag him to the doctor’s office myself, I promise,” Violet grinned. “And I went on a cleaning spree after Sherlock went to bed. All the cigarettes are now in the trash.”
She looked over her shoulder and lifted her eyebrows. Archly, she informed Grouchy Nurse, “My name is Violet Emilie Laura Smith. I was born in Charlington. I was an office manager and personal assistant at an insurance agency. Now I assist Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson investigating criminal cases the police can’t solve. My date of birth is the fifth of August 1978. My parents are deceased. I have no siblings. I reside at 221B Baker Street. I am engaged to William Sherlock Scott Holmes, brother of Mycroft Holmes. And if I’m a bit unsteady on my feet it’s because I was in a bloody explosion!”
Much to his relief, the container Violet’s glasses rested on was in fact filled with ice chips. Violet spooned a few out. Feeling another wave of embarrassment, John opened his mouth, like a helpless baby bird. However, the relief he felt once Violet spooned ice chips into his mouth was worth the mortification. The chill of the ice soothed his inflamed throat at once. Violet discreetly flicking moisture out of the corner of his eyes without comment or fuss quelled John’s queasy shame.
“Of course not, you were a severely ill child. You were still in
Placing his wet clothes in the middle of the soggy towel, he bundled them all up and brought them down stairs.  “Any place I can put these?” he asked just as Sherlock came out of the kitchen, bearing two mugs of tea.
“Um… no,” he said just as his mobile rang again.
is going on Sherlock?”
“Oh that? Pffbbt, old news. I already solved
So instead of answering Violet’s question, he said: “There are other calamities that take precedence such as locating Marissa Watson. You and I ending this ridiculous engagement.”
Mycroft’s sharp eyes zeroed in on the flicks of sick on the T-shirt. Droplets of reddish-brown.
Calmly, Mary said, “I don’t want John to know until I confirm that my daughter is alive or dead. I won’t kill you, Bill. I like you. But I might,” she pointed the gun at his midsection. “Paralyze you. Or render your dating life nonexistent,” she pointed the gun at his crotch.
Jack ran his hands through his silvery-blond hair, making it stick up like hedgehog quills.
She was trying to grab her luggage off the carousel but the handle of her suitcase slipped through her fingers. Shoulders slumped in frustration, she scowled, straightening up, clutching the strap of her handbag.
He had hung there for a while, Anderson. But he never really regained consciousness. Machines had kept him alive. Even if he had woken up, he would have the mental capacity of a toddler. He would need constant care. Need to be fed, bathed. Need help using the toilet then cleaned up afterwards.
She heard glass breaking. More shouting and the car door opening. Edward’s cries had increased in volume. “I want my daddy! I want my mummy! I want to go home!”
And… he could be wrong. He’s been wrong before. Not often, but it happened.
Hooper/Lestrade Wedding
“She never got back to me.”
While he had told the truth about the additional hours at the factory, the second job was not quite a certain thing, not yet. A lodger might be a more reliable income stream.
or what Violet would have recognized as “Butterfly pose.” His breathing was relaxed and even.
“Liar, you don’t bake when you’re relaxed. You bake when you’re nervous.”
Then repeated the action, then repeated it again, lowering himself onto his belly, with John’s legs over his broad shoulders. He ground himself against the bed a bit to give himself some relief. Electricity flooded his body as he found friction while continuing to tease John with only the tip of his tongue.
Please don’t kill her.
“How? With his alabaster skin, he’d not only stick out like a sore thumb, he’d probably glow in the dark.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I made sandwiches for the trip. Don’t feel like eating nasty fast food. I’ve brought water bottles and a flask of coffee too. Oh, should probably use the loo here before we’re off, unless you fancy having a pee in an open field,” Mary advised as she slid out of the booth again.
“Yes, of course, forgive me,” Mary lowered her eyes. “That was thoughtless.”
“What do we do?” Honoré still looked dreadfully pale, even by the weak light provided in the City of Bones (John hadn’t determined where the light source was from and at this point, didn’t care).
“I was the one who ended things. I faked my death to end things.”
By now, John had cottoned on to Mary’s line of thinking. “Where is Michael Hunter? Assuming he’s actually alive, that is.”
Violet shook her head. “At least, I don’t believe so.”
“This is MY case,” he jabbed his thumb into his chest. “You report to me on this case.”
“Rude,” Sherlock grumbled, peeling the long black wig off his head. He tousled his own much shorter messy curls. “I’m not joking, I really do require assistance. How on earth did you get out of this by yourself in the restaurant?”
As they walked to the dining room, Zhang Yan asked Violet, “So you enjoy working for Jepthro then? No problems?”
Sherlock wondered as innocently as a small child.
“Wait, what? No! I-”
letter,” Mary smiled when Susan groaned as if Mary had suggested Susan eat thumb-tacks.
John didn’t know how much more of the duality he could handle.
“Sherlock nicked my iPad and then he broke it. I need a new one,” she informed him primly.
ACD Canon Characters and Quotes
Mr. Holmes nodded and walked off to his little study, humming under his breath.
And so Violet waited. Waited in trepidation for her path to inevitably cross again with Sherlock’s.
“Downstairs, still in the darkroom,” Wiggins explained. “His ankle, it gave out, he couldn’t make it up the stairs. He told me,” he quailed underneath both Sherlock and Mary’s murderous glares. Even Violet Smith looked like she could wring his neck with her bare hands at that particular moment. “He told me to go on without him!” he burst out defensively. “He’s got his gun. He said he’d be fine and to get the girl out of here.”
Blinking back tears, she shook her head. Both Greg and Molly knew Mary would have been at the hospital the minute she got the call that John was found alive and being rushed to St. Bart’s, but she had been staying with Mrs. Hudson ever since she found out John had been abducted. No one wanted her alone at the terrace house she shared with John, plus she was still recuperating from her own horrific injuries, when Jim Moriarty returned from the dead and stabbed her in her pregnant belly, causing her to miscarry later that awful night. She still couldn’t walk very fast nor could she drive yet. Mrs. Hudson kindly had offered to drive, but she was one of the worst drivers in London, if not England. Just as she was about to damn the expense and try to hail a taxi, Molly came to the rescue. After he had contacted Mary, Greg had called Molly and told her to fetch Mary.
, he looked down. His arms were numb because Violet was in them.
“This is not a sport,” Mary spat.
Mycroft studied her for a moment then stiffly said, “Then in an even more rigid voice, he added, “Many happy returns to you as well. Belated, of course.”
“Arsenic, low doses, low enough that they mimicked other symptoms, flu-like symptoms. He increased the dosage tonight, not to kill you but to incapacitate you,” he gently pried her fingers off the toilet flusher.
He was lucky Sherlock had kissed him back instead of punching him in the face.
Her chestnut curls grazed her shoulders. Although she had obviously stopped to touch up her cosmetics, her face wasn’t nearly as made up as it was when she was Miss Smith. Her freckles and her crescent-shaped scar on her cheek were clearly visible.
Sherlock…
“Received your message, the old cloisters are no good. They’ll be trying to trap you.” Dupin shook his graying head.
The leather straps bit into her wrists and ankles. They were too tight. Her fingers felt tingly and weird and she couldn’t even feel her feet anymore.
. Learn to tolerate an intolerable situation.
“The Letter is not here,” Sherlock started pacing, like a caged lion, up and down the shelves.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder at the garage then rushed back inside the house.
“HOW IS THIS MY FAULT?”
“Yeah?”
When she had casually mentioned to Sherlock she liked to box, he hadn’t laughed at her.
She nodded and shut the door behind them.
, John. Makes more sense to lock me up than to snuff me out, don’t you think?”
“Yeah, ‘course,” John said gruffly as Violet reached for her drink.
“Sherlock,” Victor measured his words carefully. “Can you not sound like an arrogant dick when you’re talking about my mum?”
“If you could be so kind, please let Mr. Holmes know I will meet him momentarily. I wish to wash my face and clean my teeth first,” Violet inclined her head, letting the doctor and nurse know this was a dismissal.
“She showed it to me.”
“For Sherlock?”
Watson?”
She was barely mobile herself.
“It’s over either way,” the ruffian said, or tried to say. Dupin had overpowered him by breaking his nose. “I ain’t afraid to die.”
He had never changed the text alert from The Woman’s orgasmic moan, even when he got new mobiles. Mostly because he forgot about it, his mobile usually stayed on silent or vibrate... but a small part of him still thought it was funny. The looks people gave him…
Then from out of the corner of his eyes, he looked down at Tony’s daughter and reminded himself that appearances can be deceiving.
Lestrade frowned at her then pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes. His thoughts showed plainly on his face.
“Lord Smallwood was a perv who got off on little girls,” Sally snorted.
Sherlock seemed to stir himself. ”No. Of course not,” he said crisply, sitting up, smoothing his jacket down, despite the fact he had been wearing it for the past two days. A hand down the lapels was not going rub away the large wrinkles now. “I wouldn’t abandon her. I also don’t trust her to stay put either.”
“Please,” he said in a voice so oily it could have killed all marine life along England’s seashores. “Accept my apologies. I did not mean to startle you. Unfortunately we have not had our security and intercom systems installed yet. And,” he spread his arms out wide, “Good help is hard to find. I am,” he pressed his fingertips into his chest, “Arthur Toller, Mr. Rucastle’s PA. We spoke on the telephone last week, assuming you are Miss Smith?”
“Oh, you must be Mr. Holmes, Molly’s friend, the violinist. She’s spoken of you, said you’re a detective too? I’m her aunt Matilda. Matilda Hooper, but everyone just calls me Aunt Tildy. Now I’m charge of lining everyone up, so you come with me. We want you and the pianist to walk in together. She’s your girlfriend, correct?”
were already more than halfway to Normandy, having caught a train earlier that afternoon. So were several Interpol agents who still respected and trusted Dupin.
My last night in London for a while
“Oh. Well, that’s a far better gesture and one that was probably actually appreciated.”
“Yes. But that’s why I like you.”
Just then, the kitchen door swung open. John’s mouth dropped open in shock, as Violet entered the lounge, carrying a tray of cannolis.
He could not afford to be having sentimental thoughts about his own child before meeting with The British Government.
Violet pulled the quilt around her. “Better than I thought.” She lowered her voice, “This is the first time I’ve celebrated a proper English Christmas. With crackers and everything. It was fun.”
“Really?” Donovan arched one slender, inky eyebrow.
Sherlock rested his hand on Victor’s knee and leaned over. “The British Government,” he breathed before kissing Victor lightly, tenderly on the lips.
is also trying to locate my daughter. Especially if Jennifer had expressed her opinion to others that maybe Baby Girl Watson didn’t die of a lung infection. Wouldn’t that be the perfect leverage to use against John? The one person who could get John Watson to turn his back on Sherlock Holmes would be…”
Sherlock held the memory stick up and John saw the logo “iStick” on it. “New-ish product. Came out last year. Thumb-drive that has both a USB connector and,” he slide a button on the memory stick. The USB connector  retracted on one side and a Lightening connector appeared on the other, “The compatible iPad or iPhone jack. Should be fine,” and with that, he lifted his heavy brows at John, clearly waiting for John to fetch the iPad.
Fooling Molly Hooper Lestrade was one thing but pulling one over His Majesty Mycroft Fucking Holmes was quite another.
She padded out of the bedroom and crept along a narrow hallway. The hallway walls were covered by a heavy mahogany wainscoting from floor to ceiling.
Her eyes were wide as saucers.
Never in a million years had John expected to feel pity for
,” She complained as she took her sweet time, meandering from the bar to a vanity table, knowing full well how hard he was trying to ignore her nudity. She took a sip and set her glass down with a delicate clink. “I needed change of scenery,” she looked coyly at him over her smooth, bare shoulder.  “Before I did something truly stupid like start… misbehaving again.”
He had meant what he shouted at the crazy bitch:
Georgina Prescott jumped, nearly falling over on her ridiculous high heels. “What is the meaning of this?” she demanded while her buyer still did not turn around.
“I need five minutes,” Sherlock informed him. “I need her and her and directions to the office where the,” he snorted, “
(See the end of the chapter for
Evie cracked a grin, “Push her off the stage?”
221B Baker Street
Annoyed at John’s dig, Sherlock muttered. “You criticized me for talking to a skull.”
Both the girl and the blond boy wore paint-speckled jeans and t-shirts and boots. Everyone’s winter coats and scarves were in a pile next to a massive rucksack, like what a hiker would use. The girl and the blond boy were engrossed in painting a mural on the old limestone walls while black-haired boy set up supper. Despite the portable light, they all still wore headlamps around their heads. They also all wore fingerless gloves. Both boys wore proper hiking boots but the girl wore black military-style boots. All three of them looked  to be in their very early twenties.
Alice’s mouth fell open a little. Her lip wobbled a bit. Then she clamped her mouth shut. Leaned forward, towards the web-cam again and said “Say that again Mr. Holmes.”
“Sleep-deprivation also leads to memory loss,” Violet primly informed him. “Let that sink in for a minute.” She gave him a small, sleepy voice as he pondered the ramifications of that fact and his disdain for sleep. She tugged on his hand. “Come on. Humor me. At least lie awake next to me. Normally I have Gladstone sleeping next to me when I’m feeling...” she swallowed hard and her eyes grew watery as she thought about her poor, loyal dog. “Maybe I need you to wake me up from the nightmares this time.”
, Mary thought as she kept her finger hovered over the arrow on the screen, waiting for Violet’s command.
An old argument echoed in his head:
Sherlock and Jim are face-to-face once again and all Violet can do is watch...
“Where were you last night?” Mycroft Holmes fumed from nearly 340 kilometers away.
Stung, Sherlock whispered, “I could never forget you, Violet.”
“Oh really?” Sherlock’s voice was soft and dangerous. “Why?”
, Sherlock had scowled, freshly home from hospital after Mary had shot him.
If Wiggins looked skeptical, it was to be expected. He had been the one Sherlock had sent to fetch Mary to bring her to the Empty Houses… that horrible night when John found out who and what she really was… the night when her dreams really started to die, one by one.
She gave Violet a bland smile. “He used to call me Thalia,” she said dreamily “When I was one of his Muses. But he stopped. Calling me that. After Eddie was born. And when I went down… down… down…” she scratched her head, confused. She had clearly lost her train of thought. “Hello. Who are you?” she smiled as she lifted a strap back onto her shoulder.
“So she did threaten you. I wondered.”
“You call that a kiss?” Sherlock purred. “After you claimed you hate being
She decided she liked it and when she became an adult, she would be called Anthea.
Violet however ignored Mycroft’s denial as a new thought blossomed. She bit her lower lip as she considered it. Let it flower from the seeds Sherlock had sown when he finally described exactly what had happened at Magnussen’s that dreadful Christmas night.
“And a little bit of this too,” Violet held up the smoldering joint.
, her guilty conscience reminded her) she had been digging into the dearly departed Jenny’s life. She had discovered nothing extraordinary about her.
“And?”
She put her mobile down and rubbed her tired eyes.
“That’s not reassuring at all,” Sherlock snarled. “Seeing how you were bamboozled by Julia Stoner as she used you as a pawn in her plans to murder Eduardo Lucas.”
On the other side of her, Gladstone whined as snowflakes sparkled on his fur in the moonlight.
“That’s not true and you know it,” Violet now mirrored him, albeit, a bit clumsier. “Everything changes with terminal illness, you know that. And I’m still not sure if I want to wait until everything goes to shit, when I can’t swallow… or breathe…” her voice suddenly shook. She jerked herself up to standing, weaving on her feet. The boat was starting to rock a little more vigorously now, as the waves started to get choppier. “Oh… look at that,” she breathed, stumbling towards the rails of the boat.
you a virgin?”
As she turned to leave, Sherlock called out, “Is the tattoo on your lower back a blue butterfly?”
Still Violet chafed at being left out of the main action. She knew she wasn’t the only one.
John nodded in agreement as he flexed his left hand open and shut. He had been a brilliant surgeon. His stints at various surgeries post-Afghanistan held none of the allure of the operating theater. But there was no way any hospital in their right mind would hire a shell-shocked ex-Army surgeon with shaky hands. The stupid tremor would crop up when he least expected it. But even though the last time his hand had shook was when he was on the tarmac, saying good bye to Sherlock before his suicide-mission to Serbia, John knew he’d never get a surgeon’s post again. If the tremor was a stumbling block, then the PTSD was an impenetrable wall.
But as Mycroft had stated, her emotional intelligence was superior to both Holmes brothers. Her intuition, her “spidey-sense”, has yet to fail her.
“Alec Fairbairn? Why does that name sound familiar?” John wondered out loud.
“Yes, that is the correct terminology.”
Holmes for providing my point. Because you are inflexible, because you telegraphed your plan to keep Dr. Watson safe at all costs when you took him as your hostage so you could both flee from the police when you were falsely arrested,
The foot soldiers had the tattoos on their heels.
Mycroft grinned. Little Stormcrow. That nickname will never die.
But as hard as he tried to discipline his mind, two traitorous thoughts keep disrupting the entire process…
Sherlock decided he would not deliver Moriarty to MI-6 like he had promised Mycroft.
“Were you in Chicago recently?”
Plus, she could only re-arrange the nursery so many times. There was nesting… and then there was being obsessive.
“Still boring,” Sherlock yawned. “Barely a three.”
“But where are you?”
He hummed under his breath, tucking his violin under his arm. But before he could find Lestrade, he noticed a plump short woman with fading reddish hair wearing the most hideous dress imaginable with an equally dreadful hat. A normal person might have assumed the woman was Molly’s mother.
“That’s the pain speaking.”
“Fishing?” Mary crinkled her nose. “But John doesn’t like to fish. He doesn’t even like the water, really.  He only went to the lido as a favor to Violet to study the Rucastle boy.”
of a knife-point digging into wood.
Sooooooooooo sorry for the delayed posting! Between work, the holidays and soooo many exciting things happening in my fandoms (especially a particular Christmas special that aired about three days ago...) I really appreciate that all of you hung in there for this long. Also, I must confess, the re-write took MUCH longer than I thought.
“Oh, no, no,
for breakfast tomorrow then we’ll figure out where to hide you.”
Finally, in case I haven't said it enough, thank you so much for reading and commenting and kudo'ing  and recommending this series... especially when it was supposed to stop at 3 fics and the 3rd fic was only going to be 24 chapters long (ha.)  Anyway, I get a big ol' stupid grin on my face when I see I have new messages from the archive, so thank you for that.
Brighton, England
“No, thank you, Mrs. Hudson, um…. We both may have… overindulged last night. Violet’s having a lie-in. Tea later tonight, perhaps?” Sherlock suggested as Gladstone pawed at the door and whined. “Ginger ale as well, if you have any. My stomach is a bit off, ate more than usual last night, too much rich food…”
“What?”
Then she watched Miss Stangerson gently take a little pink snow-suited bundle out of the back seat. Hope had to bite her lip to staunch the happy tears.
. Why would a media magnate want to meet with someone like me? The only thing I could think of was that he wanted to do a story, interview me.” She snorted at her own foolishness.
“I already told you,” the old lion now growled. “I needed to get rid of Rucastle and the Tollers. Rucastle owed us millions of pounds to cover up a multitude of his sins. His sweatshops, his dog fighting rings, covering up for the Tollers out whenever they got a bit too murderous. I got tired of waiting for payment. Sherlock and his Baker Street Irregulars merely did the dirty work for us. It was an expedient way to handle business. And this is all business, Heathcliff.”
with his PA. Convenient how I don’t
So not only am I excited to post this chapter because I've been sitting on this moment for SO LONG (#slowestburnever) but also I am posting this on my BRAND NEW COMPUTER! After having too many frozen screens plus one panicky almost heart-attack inducing night where I almost lost ALL of this story after I had written the final chapter, I realized it was time to upgrade. LOL
Of course, if she had, she might not have gotten trapped in England… but that was neither here nor there…
Have a lovely week! :^)
“I said thank you, what more do you want?” Violet picked up the skinny file off the big table and made her way to the chair that would always be known as “John’s.” She sat cross-legged in “John’s chair” and opened the file in her lap.
Once Sherlock realized he wasn’t going to drop him, he couldn’t stop studying  him. His mind, his busy, brilliant, razor-sharp mind immediately started making lightning-fast deductions,
, Violet decided, resigned. She continued to eat the simple meal Sherlock had prepared for her as the Great Consulting Detective spoke. “While I owe you a debt of kindness for your care while I was ill with bronchitis as well as during my dreadful withdrawal from the speedballs given to me by the foul villain Jack Woodley-”
, he thought wryly.
“Boring,” Sherlock snapped, writing notes in his beautiful copperplate handwriting.
He still hadn’t figured out what the first line should say, so he started fussing with the second line instead. He scribbled out, “Keeps on running away from” about the line “A dyslexic heart.” Then he frowned and kept crossing out and adding words. Finally, when he got it to his satisfaction, he flipped a page and wrote neatly:
studios! I mean… wow!”
Rucastle waited for Toller to add three lumps of sugar to his cup. Then Toller hovered over her expectantly. When Violet merely looked blankly at him, he asked, “And how do you like your tea, Miss Smith?”
“Fine, then you need a haircut.”
He swung his legs over the bed and rubbed his face, trying to scrub the memory of yesterday out of his brain. He recalled Moriarty’s promise to come back for Henry.
“Like I said,” Trager held his bloody hand up, as if to ward off evil, “I ain’t got no problem with women. At all.”
John’s face remained mutinous. “I don’t like it.”
Violet gave Sherlock a quick hug, as was her way. While “Miss Smith” was reserved and stand-offish, Violet Hunter was always a bit more touchy-feely. Not in an invasive sort of a way, but she was a hugger and a hand-holder, John noticed.
Donovan shook her head. “What happened after the row in the restaurant?”“My date ditched me so I went home and had a good cry,” she said flatly.
Swearing under her breath, Mary swung the rucksack back onto her back again and followed Violet in the pouring rain. She handed her gun to Violet so she could unlock the door again. Violet, against her better judgment, gave Mary her gun back. Both women ran inside.
,” her clever fingers found the snap and zip of his trousers.
“What?”
“Sherlock?”
That was when John realized they were going to crash into the English Channel.
Besides, the short, auburn hair served its purpose. He didn’t look like Sherlock Holmes.  And she didn’t look like Violet Smith or Violet Hunter.
“What happened?” Sherlock demanded.
. He had leave the same time I did. Auntie Meredith had sent Mum tickets again to come see her, only this time Mum didn’t go because… because…” John’s voice thickened then softened. “James likes to go hiking and mentioned a time or two that he’d never been to Glencoe. So I rang him up and invited him. Because he’s my
“Oh, hello Sherlock, errr, yes, so Violet found you? Excellent. Let’s go back to the party.”
He covered his face with both his hands now, whispering “No, no, no, please, please, please, don’t hurt him, don’t hurt him…”
the connection between Evie and those other girls? Yes they were all actresses and they might have run into each other from time to time, but according to their friends, family and social media, Alana Grant, Martine Hallard and Toni Pandy had no other connections. No mutual friends. They had all gone to difficult universities. Toni had still been in school actually.
Mary scooted away from the Professor, then rolled to her side and pushed herself off the sofa. John helped her stand up. He put his arm around her shoulder. Maybe he didn’t want to be married to her, but he sure as hell wasn’t going to let this pig touch her anymore.
“I know you don’t get it, or maybe you do and you just don’t fucking care. But there still is such a thing as duty and service and taking responsibility for your shit. I know I did terrible things and maybe I won’t be reinstated into the Bureau because of the shit I’ve done or because… because I’m sick or maybe both. I’ll jump off that bridge when I get to it. But I’m not dead yet and I can still do something about this.” She pointed down to the ground. “Whatever act of terrorism the goddamn Professor Moriarty has planned is not going to happen if I have anything to say about it and
“And you’re trusting Violet Hunter to do the job? She’ll screw you over yet,” Mary predicted; her pretty blue eyes stormy. “Wait and see. She won’t honor her end of the deal.”
He had a feeling Violet had told Mycroft to fuck off.
“Why did you say girls… hang on,” Sherlock sat up again. “You two have a bet about
“Yes, of course, but why?”
“Don’t have to tell me twice,” Lestrade sounded tough but his face had lost its usually tan color.
“Quite elementary.”
Facing Sherlock and Violet, Rucastle slapped his knees. “You’re in for a treat, Violet. I got us a table at a new restaurant opening. Very high-end, very exclusive, only London’s best will be there. People like…” and he started rattling off names of British actors, musicians and politicians as if they were his dear personal friends.
“Yes that’s right,” Mary sat on the edge of Sherlock’s bed. Against her will, she could feel her heart already melting for the girl; just as it had for poor Josie Tey, the aspiring actress who had almost been abducted by that witch Mrs. Toller. But Josie had just enough the wits at the time to try and leap out of the car at a red light. Mary had seen her struggle and ran to her aid.
” The tyres squealed horribly as the van picked up speed. The van doors kept flapping open. Noelie’s companion grabbed Noelie by the armpits and hauled her away from the open door. Sherlock tried to grab the handles to shut the doors while Dupin took out his gun, making his way towards Sherlock to help him shut the flapping doors. More shots were fired and Dupin shot back, firing two rounds. Deafened by the gunfire, Sherlock managed to finally grasp one door handle and slam the door shut and Dupin got the other one shut afterwards. Then he locked the doors and leaned against them.
“Terrible business this is,” Mason said after shaking Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock extradited his long, slender fingers from Mason’s sweaty hand as quickly as possible.
She didn’t want to explain that her “spidey-sense” had started tingling.
“A suggestion?” John ventured. “Why don’t I talk to him about Victor? It might look less suspicious if I go ask about him about it as a concerned friend. Given your past history with spying on the Holmes brothers and all, no offense,” he added apologetically.
But Violet shook her head. “I won’t be alone, I’m meeting Mary at St. Bart’s. She and I can roam around the hospital unnoticed. You two can’t.”
Another text from Sherlock woke her up again at four in the morning. “Are you kidding me?” she had snarled as she reached for the mobile again, the prepaid Sherlock gave her, not the one from Mycroft. That one was still switched off along with her Smartphone.
Sherlock pointed at the intestines. “Violin strings used to be made from catgut, even though the actual intestines used to make the strings came from cattle. It’s believed that catgut is an abbreviation of cattle gut. Be a bit too obvious to bring a bull in here to put in the crib.”
“Mine’s psychosomatic,” John whispered. “Hers… isn’t. We thought it was at first, but it’s not. It’s intermittent. There’s no rhyme or reason for her hand shaking.”
But still, he was also high as a kite. That had to be addressed. Even though Mycroft had a feeling the marijuana was the reason why Sherlock had been somewhat… pleasant when he arrived home. But first, he needed to satiate his curiosity: “Did you take up rowing at uni?”
Chapter Forty: Sacred Heart
… but his sharp ears caught the slightest slurring on the sibilant consonants.
relationships, if you catch my meaning.”
(See the end of the chapter for
, John thought. He wasn’t sure if it had been intentional or against her will, but he could tell Tristan had been drugged to the eyeteeth.
This arrangement suited Mycroft just fine. He didn’t need a second mother like Sherlock did.
Sometimes she wondered if she should have just killed him.
“Get yourself cleaned up. Literally and figuratively,” the sergeant told him. “I mean it, Sherlock. I don’t want to see you in here ever again… unless you really do become a detective. Go,” he tilted his head towards Victor. “You know how this goes. Go get your things and get out of here.”
Allowing herself to taste hope the same way a chronic dieter allows herself to eat a tiny sliver of pie, she wired Wasp the money she owed her for the job. Then Violet emailed her another request to hack into MI-6 again, this time to obtain the records for the mission that had directly ended the life of one Marie Rogêt and inadvertently, had caused the death of Ford Holmes.
“You don’t want to know,” John grumbled. “Mary makes me watch the stupidest films.”
Friday morning
” She smirked, “My German was always stronger than my French so when I came across Operation von Blücher in my research, I knew exactly what that meant.”
“No, of course not, that would be stupid,” Sherlock agreed, making John blink in astonishment. Sherlock continued, mumbling more to himself than talking to John, “Far too obvious, plus it threatens to expose the latest turn our unconventional friendship has taken, since Peters targeted your wife and not me…”
“She loves John,” Mycroft said faintly, as if that sentimental connection was enough.
. And Violet dove in, deep. “Sherlock made a copy,” she whispered.
“But-”
He barely made it in time. After his meager lunch along with the coffee and biscuits he just consumed came back up, John slumped against the lavatory wall, pressing a hand to his upset stomach. He ripped off a few squares of bog roll then wiped the sick off his lips. He tossed the dirty tissue into the bowl, then reached up and flushed. But he remained seated for a moment, still feeling a bit queasy.
“Blast,” he muttered, his eyes darting around the nearly empty room. He then spied a box of old CDs (
She was curious but not stupid. No way in hell she was going downstairs alone.
“Are you always armed, Dr. Watson?” Dupin asked conversationally as he navigated through the twists and turns of Paris roads.
Josie felt her insides turn to liquid. She closed her hands tightly together, not wanting to look at the healing scrapes. “Yeah, well. It turned out not to be such a great job after all. And I paid you back so you can’t use that against me.”
Sherlock thought maliciously.
“No,” John’s uninjured leg started jiggling nervously.
“Anthea.”
“Come in, brother dear,” he drawled, now fully back in the present.
New Scotland Yard
“Oh yes, wouldn’t want to make John jealous,” Irene laughed then sobered up. “But I knew Missy had been briefly imprisoned for her unwitting role in the Burned Girls Case and the Copper Beaches Massacre. I knew she made a deal to save her own backside and I knew she didn’t have the capital to buy my business. The Copper Beaches actually didn’t make international news, I only knew about it because of John’s blog, but I remembered that name. I immediately told my girls we had been compromised, but I didn’t move fast enough. One of the drawbacks of my protective layers, I’m afraid,” Irene actually looked regretful. “Our office was burgled and the computers were stolen. Then Mia was murdered. Suicide, overdose, prescription drug abuse… but I knew she had been murdered.”
“Why are you doing this?” John asked. “Is it for the money?”
“You are wasting time!” Rucastle shrieked. “You,” he glared at Toller. “Earn your keep. Do something right for a change and put the American in the boot.”
Twitching her hood back over her chestnut hair and putting her fake glasses back on, she switched the lamp off and darted out of the
Sherlock
Sherlock leaned forward. “Don’t make me suggest more. But, if you don’t think that’s sufficient compensation, well, I’m sure John can sell his story to the
But Sherlock took off his fake sunglasses and Violet started pulling kirby pins out of her wig as they hustled towards Dupin. Both tried to ignore the ache in their calves as they chased after Dupin, who had started walking very fast.
Moriarty had thanked Violet, then viciously stabbed Steven to death. He attacked her, hit her head hard enough to give her a concussion then savagely assaulted her with intent “finish the job later.” He told her in his slithery sing-song voice : “Thank you, bless you. In a few days, when you see my
Then he kicked himself. It would be stupid to look for Violet. She’d blend into the crowd. She might have walked past him, wearing something that made her unrecognizable to him.
“Send him in, but in five minutes, ring me; tell me I have a terribly important call I must take,” Mycroft silkily commanded her.
221B Baker Street
He pushed the memory out of his head from last March, how Sherlock had promised to tell him about what happened to him during those two awful years after the Fall and before the Rise:
, Violet thought, amused.
Violet lowered her hand, “Is this a trick? Tell me something about me only you would know.”
“It’s OK, Sweetie,” Mary pressed her head against Sweetie’s. Embracing the bulldog, she whispered in a shaky voice, “The bad man is gone now.”
she struggled to keep her voice down.
John laughed as he hugged Sherlock. “God,” he giggled into Sherlock’s shoulder. “We’re completely fucked up, aren’t we?”
Violet scrambled from the grate and slammed her back against the tunnel wall, heart pounding. Mary crouched right next to her, holding her gun to her chest, finger on the trigger. Violet put her finger to her lips. Mary nodded. They both looked up.
“He assumed I automatically didn’t like him because I had talked to Mycroft.”
Both Violet and Mary held their breath. John just wanted to beat Rucastle with his cane.
“Some actress, obviously,” Sherlock hummed, planting kisses here and there on her face and throat. “A television series you could  watch the entire series in one sitting… but this places me at a disadvantage as I don’t watch as much crap television as you.”
… until recently, Sherlock had grudgingly cleared out a drawer for her under-things and socks and made space (albeit a very small space) in his wardrobe for some of her every-day clothes. Since she usually slept downstairs, it was nice not having to tromp upstairs for her clothes only to tromp back downstairs for a shower.
“They would have put him down if he had.”
“You.”
28 November 2015
“That’s weird,” Violet mused, watching the tiny girl successfully kick the beat-up and worn soccer ball over the goal line the kids’ had drawn onto the pavement with chalk. “But he’s only wavering; he’s not fully committed to the idea.”
“Oh goodie,” she sighed.
He did not make her remove the nightgown, although Violet felt ill as she wondered who got her out of her clothes and into this Puritanical garment in the first place. At first she hoped it was the nurse, but after studying her grumpy expression, hoped it wasn’t.
“How?”
Then he let his right hand drop to his left hand, curled into a fist into the middle of his chest.
From the boat, the Earl watched the tall, dark figure retreat towards the house.
At the sound of his name, Sherlock had immediately dropped the shovel and ran to John. John held the gun by the barrel, the butt facing Sherlock. “Take it,” he rasped, feeling extraordinarily light-headed by this point. “I can’t… m’left arm’s messed up. Take it and put him down before he attacks someone else…”
“God, yes,” Sherlock said before he could help himself.
“I know what time we need to be at
“Wha’? Your damn bruv’ver…” John drunkenly rolled his head back over to Sherlock, letting his left hand drop. Violet lunged forward and easily disarmed the intoxicated (and apparently high as well) John by seizing his wrist and twisting it. Under normal circumstances, John would have been able to easily fend Violet off. But John’s coordination had all but disappeared at this point.
“Let him go.”
Sherlock could not recall a time where Mycroft’s face had looked that ugly.
She scrutinized him, eerily similar to Sherlock and Mycroft’s severe and intrusive gazes. Then she fished her ever-present Blackberry out of her trench coat pocket and quickly thumbed a text, probably to Mycroft. “Come on,” she held out his shoes. “You’ll miss the show otherwise.”
“What kind of errand?” But when John told her, she immediately groused “Great, she gets the interesting job and I get the shopping. That’s bullshit.” Feeling John’s glare, she said “I’m kidding, John. Did Sherlock get you up to speed with everything that went down?”
He kissed the back of her neck, tempted to drift back off to sleep. It wasn’t in his nature to be lazy like this. But on the other hand, the bed was warm and so was his wife’s body. Warm and smooth. He kissed her shoulder blade.
, John amended to himself. He had learned over time to spot the little signs, to observe the emotion emitting from those mercurial eyes that other, less observant people wouldn’t notice.
Awkwardly he put his arm over her waist, but when she continued stroking his hair, he let himself relax completely. “I want Victor to leave me alone,” he confessed as he allowed her to hold him. “He is a distraction. He…” Sherlock coughed again, covering his mouth as he did so. Bronchitis wasn’t normally contagious but still, best to be on the safe side. However, he wearily admitted to himself he may have brought this on himself by too many sleepless nights and too many cigarettes.
“Mrs. Watson,” Mycroft gravely broke the silence, or rather, chose to be the one to begin the conversation since hospital rooms are rarely silent.
“So, I don’t understand,” John said, actually being sincere. “We’re here at your request to recover a letter that could cause quite a few people some embarrassment. How is that different from the crimes Sherlock and I have solved in the past? We’ve pursued blackmailers before.”
Too soon she could see the outlines of two men sitting inside the approaching vehicle.
“Monday.”
Mary paused at the end of the sofa. “I’ve been compared to worse than Lady Macbeth.”
“I’m OK, I mean, I’m not hungry,” Violet said truthfully. The idea of eating made her feel slightly queasy. Fortunately her memory was coming back in bits and pieces. She now remembered him taking her shoes off after she had curled up on the padded bench. She then remembered him asking her if she had wanted to change clothes; he still had some things he had left here from his Great Hiatus if she did.
“Lettie, he will get you killed!” Siger pivoted to face his wife. “He will
Noelie will make the switch.”
Telling someone her mother had died.
“Now that’s done,” the nurse had said a bit too cheerfully after the final injection, “We’ll take you now to get a scan of your ankle.”
“I think,” Violet Hunter pressed her forehead against his. “That is the sweetest thing you’ve ever said to me.”
Her head had dipped down and her eyes had squeezed tightly shut when the kindly old specialist made his diagnosis, in English for her benefit. Then she had slowly lifted her head up, her eyes veiled, her face soft and thoughtful.
hello,
be ordinary, when this emotion, these powerful, contradictory sensations of security and excitement, of lust and purity, of home and adventure, was absolutely the most extraordinary thing in the entire world? And this
Where on earth was he? Normally he glued himself to his brother’s side. Embarrassing, really, how he trailed after Sherlock. Like a moonstruck school boy. Like a loyal yet slightly brain-damaged lap dog, panting after his master, eager for praise.
Rat Boy didn’t respond but he swallowed hard as he stared out the windshield with narrowed eyes, stroking his goatee.
“You think the mole is a cabbie?” Mycroft said acidly.
She wanted Mary to find out about Maisie.
“And you can’t abandon Violet.” John leaned his head against the bed. “She’s ill, isn’t she, Sherlock? Like, really seriously ill.”
“All this fuss for one man,” John murmured.
“We’re going to die,” Violet groaned, covering her face with her hand.
, “Personality. Remember, I met Miss Watson,” she drily reminded the rude analyst. “She’s not exactly the type to just lie down and give up. He threatened her, no. He either threatened Clara or John, most likely John. Little brother is her pressure point, despite their differences. He must have said something that convinced her to kneel down and let him bind her. But even then, she kept screaming until he literally stuffed a sock in it.” Violet pursed her lips, aware that all eyes were on her now. “Perhaps she thought he was kidnapping her and was going to hold her for ransom. Her brother doesn’t have much money, but his business partner does.”
Paris, France
**TRIGGER WARNING** for gore and violence
“Is it done?” he unrolled his shirtsleeves.
might have happened, re-review the case file again
“Eddie, don’t be silly. You don’t want to be stuck indoors all day long. And this is Miss Smith. She is going to be your new
“Surely the RHL knew Richard was losing his mind then?” Violet started to ask but then the waiter came to take their food order. Violet pointed at her menu to order a
Sherlock nodded then he took the flowers out of Violet’s hands and thrust them without ceremony behind him, tempted to throw the damned things out the window. The scent of the flowers overpowered him.  Instead  of chucking the flowers out, he took her hands , held them up to his omnipotent eyes. “Your hands. How are they? John told me you were unwell, have you experienced any more tremors?” He flipped her hands over, examining her palms.
5 April 2016
Another memory slammed into him, something she had confided in him once:
They had said their goodbyes in the parking lot, inside the rental car, not wanting to create a scene or get caught on the security cameras.
He ground his teeth together as he thought
“People are stupid,” Sherlock said genially.
,” into the mobile.
“It appears to be so.”
That he cared about…
“Ticklish, good to know,” John sounded devilish. He ran his thumb over the ticklish spot again, chuckling as Sherlock squirmed while bleating out another helpless giggle.
“I will continue searching for Marissa. You and Mary must cease and desist, at least for now. I know how to evade enemies like Professor Moriarty. You don’t. Mary thinks she does, and if she protests, remind her of the mess she made during The Copper Beaches Massacre.”
Spoilers for The Christmas Special (look away now!)
“What do they steal?” Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back.
film what he’s doing
Anthea’s mobile.
Sherlock flipped through the series of photographs rapidly. It was a morbid flipbook of the Russian assassin’s dismemberment, ending with her head inside of a jar.
“We’re close,” she finally snipped. “It’s not
She ordered herself to focus, to focus on something that would soothe her, just enough so she could  stave off the fear long enough so she could think…
Then lowered her gun while exclaiming, “What the bloody hell?”
“God save me,” Sherlock muttered, turning away from DI Mason.
He sighed, a gust of smoke escaping his body as he did so. “If I ask you to leave it alone, would you respect my wishes?” He finally bowed to the heat and slipped his jacket off, laying it neatly beside him on the stone bench.
on the other hand…Mary couldn’t rule that out.
“Ah, fuck me, I didn’t even think about that,” John scrubbed at his tired eyes. “We can’t plan for contingencies like that if Sherlock’s not sharing anything about Victor with us until it’s an immediate problem. Like tonight.”
“Social worker,” Mary immediately lied. “Checking up on Susan Dobney, she’s been truant from school for over a fortnight now.”
As she stumbled out of the kitchen, still futilely waving her hands and shaking her head in complete denial, Sherlock leapt over the couch and cut her off. He seized her hands, “There are two types of ALS,” he informed her. “Sporadic ALS and familial ALS; while familial ALS is rare, it is hereditary.”
“We’re on our way,” Sherlock hung up without saying goodbye. “Are you carrying?”
“There isn’t,” Sherlock snapped at Violet.
There was no shame this time when he felt the twitches and tingling again in his crotch.
“Ha,” Mycroft straightened and stared down his nose at her, every inch the English Aristocrat. “I don’t make stupid decisions.”
“Sherlock?”
He turned around again and put his hands on Sherlock’s bony hips, his thumbs moving up and down. He rose onto his toes as he closed his eyes. He felt Sherlock’s fingertips touching the side of his face, guiding him until their lips met, then their tongues.
Of course, only he knew she was only playing Scrabble.
“And that’s no bluff, I’ve seen him do it,” Chibs called over his shoulder. “Twice.”
ANYWAY...
“Doors are locked.”
“Sherlock,” John crooned, bending over to rub his back as Sherlock dry-heaved. “Let it out if you’re going to be sick, it’s OK.”
John startled and whipped around. “Oh, of course,” he groaned when he saw Mycroft, in a smart pinstriped three-piece suit, umbrella neatly hooked over his arm, leaning against the building. “Was this you? Did you pull strings so I would win?”
Of course, she was wrong.
“Then go, I can distract Sherlock.”
“Secluded,” Sherlock pushed the door open and forcefully strode into the room, filling it with his presence, shoulders squared, eyes narrowed, mouth turned down.
She decided to look on the bright side. She decided to be grateful there was a sturdy lock on the door, a bed that wasn’t terribly uncomfortable and a tiny bathroom, complete with a shower stall so ridiculously small, a Barbie doll probably couldn’t fit into it.
The fear was for John and Maisie.
“And how would you know?”
But let the record show, Sherlock had tried to reason with them…
“I can stay for a bit longer.”
Violet burst out laughing and Sherlock couldn’t help but chuckle. “You’re letting your self-consciousness get in your way,” he told her as he playfully twirled her around like John had earlier. At least she could handle that move without tripping over her own feet.
“There’s the money you took out of the safe at your old insurance agency before it blew up.”
“Nope,” Sherlock got up to retrieve his mobile from the lounge.
John meanwhile only saw red. “I wish my wife would have shot you instead of Sherlock.”
Didn’t necessarily mean she had completely ruled out making a run for it if she got the chance. Just meant now was not the time.
“No. Of course not, that’s not… well. Thank you,” she said, bowing her head slightly. “What a lovely way to start a new job.”
The metal doors swung open behind him. He turned around, back ramrod straight, and kept his face immobile as he regarded his baby brother as he searched for… something. Anything. A clue to what he was thinking. Or feeling.
“Spy on him for what?”
“Sherlock,” Victor gripped the steering wheel very tightly. “I want to be friends with you, I do but you are making it very difficult.”
“Do you really want to lose the two people you are fondest of in the same night?”
“I was thinking,” Sherlock snapped. “I’m
“And our things, our coats and wallets and mobiles and passports, bring them to us at once,” Sherlock straightened, talking as if Gagnon hadn’t said a word. As he tucked in his shirt, he said: “We cannot continue our work while standing here, wasting valuable time and oxygen attempting an intelligent conversation with you. As for
“Miss Smith can be such a narrow-minded bitch sometimes.” Violet leaned against the counters, drumming her neatly-trimmed nails against the countertop. “So you never answered my question… why is he coming here? I thought he wanted to meet you for drinks. Later. Alone.”
Sherlock closed his eyes then snapped, “Do your job and I’ll do mine,” and hit the End Call button without even saying goodbye.
, so how do you know that I did my best?” she laced the last four words heavily with sarcasm.
Clarissa sucked in a shuddery breath. “You should go,” she whispered, unable to stop the tears now. “Just please, tell my husband and my boys I loved them with all my heart.”
John sighed and went to get his gun.
“Are you?” Violet pounced on the opening Sherlock left for himself.
“CALL AN AMBULANCE, CALL 999!” he roared, still struggling to get to his friends. The few feet away from them might as well have been miles, as people continued to panic and run away like beheaded chickens.
“I say, Alice, you become more American every passing day. Overworked, foul-tempered and bad-mannered.”
“Edward hates any sort of physical contact, the exception being his father and mother.” Her lips thinned, “Or when he needs to manipulate an adult into letting him have his way.”
, she mused, her mouth tasting like sawdust. She looked at the blankets she lay underneath: a creamy-white down duvet and a fur-lined throw blanket on top of that, rich and sumptuous, brown and soft like a mink.
. You were so fucking wrapped up the details that you completely forgot that the sum of the whole is greater than the parts. You were so obsessed with his drug use, his boyfriends, his lack of peers his age, his
pandered to; there are (believe it or not)
I have,” she sneered.
“Seriously?” Violet hefted the tea tray up, loaded with the teapot, cups, the sugar bowl and tiny silver creamer. “You do know who I live with, yes?”
There were many parts of London the city bragged about, encouraged tourists to come visit.
“Lisbeth,” Violet clumsily reached for the thin girl, as if she could stop her.
him to be a good man.”
Violet choked down a bite of apple and put the slice down, remembering…
“She had a gun,” he quietly confided. “The shop keep at the High and Mighty store watched her pull it out of her handbag when Moriarty attacked Mrs. Watson. She told him she was a cop.”
“Government approved friends,” Sherlock reminded his brother. “While you were at uni and at training for MI-6-”
“Paranoid,” Lestrade chastised himself. “Spending too much time with John and thinking too much about Sherlock. Need to get out more, mate.”
John didn’t feel the need to scold Susan for language, not after dropping the F-bomb in front of her. “So the Earl is mixed up with the Cardboard Box case?”
John decided to ignore it because
JW gone.
He strongly suspected the ashtray was the one that had been stolen from Buckingham Palace.
Victor coming to 221B, on behalf of his sister-in-law for a case…
Maggie nodded. “Yeah. Told me to keep my mouth shut or else I’d be next.”
“I don’t think we do, Mr. Trevor,” Violet said as Gladstone rose to all fours, sensing tension. He lifted his sleek head towards Victor, nose twitching. Victor took a step back, eying the Alsatian apprehensively. “
Mary tucked the used napkin in her jeans pocket and went to the sink to wash her hands. Violet stood aside and let Mary complete the tea-making, letting her talk.
“There you are,” John cradled Sherlock’s face. Smiling for the first time since he awoke, he added, “Was beginning to worry you getting
He was so close to coming, he could feel desire and lust pooling in his groin, heavy and about to explode. He buried himself deeper, thrusting harder and faster…
“You have nothing you can threaten me with anymore, Victor. Let me out at the next stop.”
Lisbeth sniffed. “Säpo, FBI, MI-6, what’s the difference?” her nimble fingers flew over the keyboard. “Pigs hiding in back rooms, making plans, playing games with people’s lives, ah-ha!” her sulky rant unexpected ended with a yelp of exhaustion, “Got him.”
“Who are they?”
“She gave them to you because she assumed you had cancer.”
“You’ve just gotten so skinny, sweetheart.” His mother fiddled with the napkin holder in front of her. “You didn’t touch your dinner.”
He didn’t say anything, simply crossed his long legs, the hems of his bespoke trousers slightly damp from the wet pavement. Then he linked his long fingers around his raised knee and placidly watched the trains next to her.
Finally, finally she took a deep breath. Nodded her head and then thanked the doctor in Spanish for everything he has done for her. She rose out of her seat, still clutching her ugly handbag she had bought in Key Biscayne.
I was really happy about the lack of Anderson though. I'm sure the actor is a very nice person in real life, but his voice just grates on my nerves. I recognized his voice in Rogue One and I was like "OMG it's Anderson!" And my Star Wars friends were like "Who?" So I explained "The one who lowers everyone's IQ in Sherlock" and they were like "Ah..." lol #whenfandomsunite
Lestrade had quipped that maybe whoever issued the fake passport for Browner had hated him and wanted him to get caught. Sherlock had merely hummed and drifted away, his brows knitted so tightly together it looked like he had a great bushy uni-brow.
bitching.”
Violet gave him a watery smile. “You two OK?” she asked, her teary eyes flicking down toward their clasped hands, the back up at their faces.
“Oh yeah. We’re getting smashed tonight,” John announced.
into the equation…
“Oh, I made a pretty penny off that moron; had fun doing it too,” Irene flipped her onyx hair over her narrow shoulders before reaching for her own cup of coffee. “But all good things come to an end, as they say.”
While Lisbeth was a marvelous chameleon, the woman Sherlock needed to impersonate Violet Hunter needed to be more than a good actress. She needed to be a professional criminal.
“Mary,” Violet took a risk, reached over and clasped Mary’s upper arms. “What happened?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Monday afternoon
“Wrong.”
exhausted.”
“Yes,” Mycroft gave John a tight little smile. “Quite embarrassing. Quite embarrassing that JP Trevor nearly beat his son to death just for a bit of snogging. Their clothes were still on, or so Sherlock said, but his testimony is suspect, seeing how JP gave my brother a concussion. Hit him across the head with a fire poker.”
“And you dyed the coffee grounds red so it looked like bloody emesis?”
“OK,” Lestrade felt another weight lifting off his shoulders. One less thing to worry about. Get that nutter Rucastle and his cronies off the streets. As long as the lawyers don’t fuck this up and Rucastle should spend the rest of his life behind bars.
“I admitted to Violet that I felt Victor was a possible distraction,” Sherlock said flatly. “That I want him to leave me alone, that he belongs to the past, a past I prefer not to think about.”
“You’re going to turn the A/C back on when you leave, aren’t you?” John wiped his brow again. “It really is hotter than hell in here.”
The cops had hustled him into a sterile room where two more unsmiling cops wearing latex gloves waited for him. He was frisked again, but he wasn’t fingerprinted or photographed and they didn’t make him strip. John thanked any and all Gods who may exist for that small mercy. But the unsmiling cops took his coat, his scarf, his watch, his mobile, his belt, his keys and his shoes. They gave him a pair of ugly canvas shoes that were too big and didn’t have any laces.
“No,” Sherlock said sharply.
Felt the burning hurt, the hot shame spreading through his body again…
“Oh, the doorbell is broken again.”
“Send him in,” the old silver lion rose to his full height, leaning on his cane. It pained him to admit it that he needed it now. But even giants and kings can succumb to arthritis, he supposed.
Predictably, Mary’s maternal instincts had kicked in and soon the two of them became thick as thieves. John made his apologies, already calling them “my girls” but told them he wanted to leave for Manchester that night so he wasn’t late for his hearing the next day. With his luck the trains would break down or something…
In the mirror, Violet watched Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bob as he paused.
Violet shrugged. “I think I’m safe enough caring for the six-year-old son of an obese fashion designer. If he tries anything, I’m fairly confident I can outrun him.”
Normal people would have asked “Why?” Sherlock merely studied him over the rim of the coffee mug. Normal people also wouldn’t stare at their significant others unblinkingly. Victor learned not to feel self-conscious when Sherlock stared at him and looked him over from head to toe.
Damn her.
1 April 2016
“Absolutely,” John said. “I’m sure Lestrade can find some used handcuffs for the pair of you.”
“Need a hand, Miss Smith?” Angelo asked.
“I know.”
19 July 2015
“Perhaps you should ask for a raise,” Sherlock recommended in a sugary voice.
“Violet, come here, at once,” he ordered. There was no trace of joking or humor in his voice.
Quietly the two women crept through the lounge and towards the kitchen Violet looked over her shoulder at Mary. Mary nodded her head and Violet threw the back door open.
He felt Violet sigh against him. “I pursue unattainable and unfulfilling relationships because I’m afraid if I actually let myself fall in love again, I’ll forget Jordan.”
“OK. Let me put it another way. Did you not hear what happened to the founder of that Sherlock Holmes fan-club
21 December 2015
He felt Sherlock’s cool fingertips skimming his jaw-line. He felt self-conscious, realizing he needed a shave desperately.
"Reunited and it feels so good..."
her sleep, so Little Carlo is
If Mary looked very
Violet placed the gun down on the floor and kicked it away from her. She held her hands out to show she was no longer armed.
And even though he and Patricia had their own spacious bedroom and bath and their daughter even had her own room as well, there was no privacy. None at all.
, she thought.
“At his age, same difference,” Sherlock grumbled. “And he might be a nice boy.”
But her left hand gave way and she fell instead.
Last Sherlock had heard, after Anderson’s  family finally and mercifully pulled the plug, Donovan had resigned from The Met after accepting a position in Cardiff.
“And Mrs. Rucastle has gone back to bed,” Toller droned on, hands behind his back.
He reached for the mobile next to the bed, not his mobile, not Sherlock Holmes’ mobile, but a contract-less Smartphone he had picked up in a Target while he and Violet still had been in Florida. Hoping for a signal, he thumbed over the mailbox icon. When it opened after what felt like an agonizing eternity, he scrolled until he found the message he wanted, the one sent on the seventh of May:
“Oh no, you caught me and I would have gotten away with it too if it hadn’t been for those pesky kids,” Jim said in a flat monotone.
“Oh. Well, it was a pleasure, I’d do it again. Not that I plan on doing it again. I would, if I needed to, but I hope I don’t have to, save him, I mean,” Molly babbled.
Order had been restored to the universe.
He plodded up the seventeen steps to his empty flat.
Mary felt herself plastering on a fake smile. Violet had been perceptibly cooler towards her ever since the disastrous Copper Beaches case. She never showed the slightest bit of discourtesy towards Mary, but she also made sure she was never alone with Mary either.
John and Mary didn’t care how long Sweetie had, just as long as his twilight years were happy and comfortable. Plus John had never had a pet before, not even a goldfish when he was a child. Mary had hinted about wanting a cat, but he vetoed that out of hand. He didn’t fancy dealing with a litter box. But he had melted at the sight of the poor dog wrapped up in his blanket at the animal hospital while keeping vigil over Gladstone.
He often wondered if that was her real name.
But she still didn’t feel
“Stand aside, they can’t hear you,” Mycroft grumbled, as he swiped his card.
Also, she hated the idea of leaving him behind…
Her mobile vibrated less than a minute after she sent that message:
“Figure it out,” Noelie tossed the spare keys at him.
Then Violet did something odd. She turned her head around and furrowed her brow. “John?” she called out, very loudly and clearly.
He said it so matter-of-factly John had to ask Sherlock to repeat himself, just to make sure he heard him correctly.
“Yes, yes, yes,” Mycroft said impatiently. “Bully for you. Sherlock, your priority is no longer hunting Moriarty. It’s finding the MI-6 mole. Without their contact, we believe-”
Happy New Year!
Mary and Violet walked Lady Hilda the short four steps to the front door. The lady shook hands with the assassin and the profiler then pulled the hood of her coat back over her blonde head. Mary reassured her again that the conversation they had would stay confidential and the lady showed herself out.
Sherlock jumped to his feet, then immediately sucked in a pained breath as he grabbed his waist where the airplane seatbelt had dug into him. Before John could ask if he was OK, Sherlock spat out: “When you first moved into 221B, you did not insist on littering the lounge with mementos of your friends and family. You kept them in your bedroom, clearly indicating that you are an intensively private person, not wishing to share the intimate details of your life with strangers or casual friends nor the ones closest to you.”
25 June 2016
His stomach churned as he looked around the hotel room, then back at the scattered chess pieces. Then he bolted up after he counted the chess pieces scattered here and there.
He felt a shiver of protectiveness shoot down his spine when he realized how young and vulnerable she really was. Despite her awful upbringing plus her brief stint on the streets, there was still a sheen of innocence to her, like she really didn’t know how bad
Just as her fingertips touched the palm of his hand, the music changed.
“Nothing, I’m fine.”
In other words, asked to be saved.
“OK. Anything else?”
“Our age.”
, John thought as he started running circles with his thumb over Sherlock’s bare shoulder.
He got up and walked around the bed to his chest of drawers. He opened the second drawer and selected a pair of cotton boxers that were a bit baggier than he cared for, but they were also 100% cotton and breathable. It was too hot to swan around in sheets and while definitely not modest, he didn’t want to skulk around in the flat starkers, mostly because his favorite chair was vinyl and the plastic tended to stick to bare skin when it got hot.
Donovan leaned forward, resting her forearms on the table, “I followed her paper trail,” she disclosed to Mason. “Her school records and employment history,” she lowered her voice. “No one at any of the schools she claimed to have attended remember her. Also, she has no employment history prior to 2008. Some of her underlings at Carruthers said they remembered her saying she had lived abroad for a period of time, in America. But there is no record of a Violet Smith in the United States at all… at least, not one born on August 5, 1978.”
“No,” Victor shook his head and put his hands in his pockets. “I would go back to New York.”
“Sherlock, what in the hell are you doing, we have to go!” John bawled at him.
had groused when he called Molly, begging for a favor. “Had a chat with her supervisor and found out Pegs called in with the flu as well this morning. Molly, I hate to have you come in on a Sunday, especially if it ends up being a quiet day, but thanks to Bodley, I’m short a pathologist.”
She hated her job, hated being a PI. But not a single police station would touch her with a ten-foot-pole, not after her role in The Fall.
Sherlock’s lips quirked up into a grin as Gagnon’s face reddened. There was a deep chuckling behind them all. The
Violet frowned then her face relaxed. “Oh yeah, that. That was the lie I told people when they asked about my mother. I mixed truth with a lie to make it more believable, you know that.”
Sunday morning
“Clearly,” Sherlock said while thinking,
. I’m thinking,” Sherlock pulled his mobile out his coat pocket without looking at his friend.
“I’m just curious, that’s all,” John said mildly.
Suddenly the coffin shuddered, jolting Sally out of her panic. There was a tearing sound then Sally dumbly realized they were tearing away the satin lining. Soon, she heard Lestrade shouting, “Sally? Sally? Are you in there? Are you OK?”
“Sherlock,” Violet snapped at him. Then, in a gentler voice, she told the girl “Josie, if you’re going to tell us what I think you are then we don’t have time for superfluous details. What happened and what do you need us to do?”
Sherlock shut that line of thinking down at once then threw the mobile into the sea. He watched the mobile skip across the waves, then float for a bit before finally sinking away. He felt a tiny pinch in his miniscule heart at the idea of being temporarily cut off from John, but the mobile was compromised. He wouldn’t even risk having Lisbeth research the origin of the text and gif. By that time, the messages had malware or viruses or Trojan Horses embedded in them.
“Not just for us, but for John. They did this on purpose, hurt Mary to hurt John, I know it.”
“Victor Trevor came crawling back.”
“It’s my word against his. Who is going to believe a freak like him, against the word of a man like me,” the Earl sneered right back, rising to his feet, in a pathetic attempt to intimidate Mycroft.
He felt tears welling in his eyes again. This time it wasn’t from physical pain.
“Oh, please, who are you kidding? John, don’t be an idiot. You’re not his equal. He doesn’t respect you or your opinions. He drags you around like obedient lapdog on a leash and you are more than happy to follow your master, even when the leash is bloody choking you!”
Helplessly, Molly watched Sherlock’s retreating back as he disappeared down the hall.
Tonight. After the boys leave.
Noticed he was not wearing his wedding band.
Out of habit, she unzipped her beat-up leather jacket. She reached into her side holster and unsnapped the holster and clicked the safety off. She heard the clip-clop of footsteps behind her…
Lisbeth gave her a curt nod.
He had turned snow-white and shut his pie-hole.
Sensing this, Sherlock added, “I still find it amusing that Violet made the gangsters believe it was Jack Woodley who was the thief.”
“I will. And…I changed my mind. We’ll come to your house, not here. That won’t be expected.”
!” he burst out as another flesh-colored bandage refused to stick to his knuckles.
As Violet now fisted the lapel of his suit jacket while she beseeched him to call it off, he closed his eyes, refusing to look at Sherlock’s mobile screen.
That entire exchange still set Donovan’s teeth on edge. But it hadn’t been Miss Smith’s barbs retorts that needled her. No, it was the way she had
“Why doesn’t he want me to find my daughter?”
The study of a position to determine best play for both sides.
Once she felt steady enough to walk, Violet acted as if she was walking towards the Ladies. Her heart pounded. She expected Peters to jump out and grab her. Instead, the maître’d approached her instead, “Would the lady like a tour of the kitchens?” he asked in French.
And it’s difficult for you to
“He’s OK,” Violet’s fingers dug into John’s shoulder.
, of all people.
But he didn’t bother to put socks on.
“Alright, give me a moment to read through it at least,” Violet muttered, adjusting the fake glasses, miming which keys to play as she read through Sherlock’s latest composition.
“Ugh. Pet names,” he snarled but his body betrayed his harsh words, indolently rubbing back and forth against John. He muttered, “Insipid,” against John’s throat before mouthing kisses up and down his neck.
he mused.
Alice turned the heavy cream-colored envelope over and over in her hands. Part of her just wanted to chuck it straight into the rubbish bin. Another part of her wished she had never opened that FedEx envelope when her secretary brought it to her.
Below, his wife and his best friend waited for him.
Sherlock found his mouth again and John clung to him, his arms curled up under Sherlock’s shoulders as he felt Sherlock’s hips start to rock back and forth against John’s thighs, desperate for friction now. He wasn’t the only one as John felt his jeans grow more and more uncomfortably tight. He let loose an involuntary groan as Sherlock rolled against his thigh again.
New Scotland Yard
Violet didn’t have to pretend to feel uncomfortable.  “Ah. Well, I… can’t… err …I’m unable to have children so... so fortunately we have little Henry here to dote on and John Watson’s wife Mary is expecting again, which is exciting.”
Then she passed out again.
“What? Oh, I’m sorry love, I’ve been distracted.”
“I still want to work with you on cases,” John watched Sherlock take a tiny sip of scotch. “If I just cut ties all together, Mary would know something is up.”
Violet poured Josie a cup of tea. The girl refused sugar, milk and lemon. She took tiny sips and gave Sherlock terrified glances. Her leg jiggled up and down. Her pupils were pinned.
girls.
“Good. Oh, two things. Violet?”
“Oh, come off it, the game is over. You’re a disgraced American federal agent. You’ve been hiding behind the Great Detective’s coat all these months.”
John Ferrier started desperately looking on the Internet if there were support groups for parents who had children obsessed with the whiny, bald-headed animated brat. Remembering her days baby-sitting her younger siblings, Hope reasoned that Barney the Dinosaur had been far more obnoxious… at least that was what she told herself when Lucy wanted to watch the Caillou Goes to the Zoo episode… again… for the five-hundredth time.
Le Mont-Saint-Michel, Lower Normandy
The only difference between then and now was that the Someone Else was not female.
Plus… Sherlock and Bodley in the same room was a recipe for disaster.
And… if Mycroft was dying or even already dead...
Meanwhile Lestrade continued to struggle with the ski-masked man, trying to press the crow bar against the intruder’s throat. The intruder jerked his knee up, connecting with Lestrade’s chest. Lestrade bent over double and backpedalled away from the intruder, hand on his sternum.
Sherlock tented his fingers and started tapping his forefingers together, “And?”
, like you think,” she spat out the word love the same way Mycroft or Sherlock would have, as if it was a disgusting swear word. “But we’re close.”
Trigger warning for violence and general ick.
“Be nice,” she hissed.
“Mummy and Daddy want to go see the
“It’s a cipher,” Sherlock droned. “It’s code. A stupid girl sent a coded letter to a rebel she thinks loves her. She gave him coordinates when and where to attack so she can claim her throne.”
“No,” Wiggins admitted but then hotly added, “But I don’t see what kind of help I can giv-”
Violet thought but she pulled herself out of the tunnel.
I prefer Sherlock.
“Stupid…” he said to himself, picking up his shoes and socks. Of course Sherlock wouldn’t have come. Even if he wasn’t in that precarious stage right after rehab, re-entering the world after being locked away from temptation for over a month, he still wouldn’t have come. Sherlock didn’t do well in social situations. Especially sober. God knows what could have come out of his mouth. It was a blessing really… his parents and uncles hated Sherlock, naturally. Most of his friends didn’t like him either. Didn’t hate him, just felt extremely uncomfortable around him…
“How was Switzerland?” Mycroft threw a fishing lure into the deep well that was John Watson.
“Yes, but only when it’s not too hot outside. Little dogs can get ill quite quickly in the heat.”
“We are not friends, Mr. Holmes,” he informed The British Government. “You will refer to me either as Dr. Watson or Captain Watson, are we clear?”
“May I?” Violet gestured to the notepad.
Except now, John didn’t feel self-conscious about running his hand down Sherlock’s head. Also, the hair had grown back, which was also nice. Another cruel irony of his situation was that Sherlock’s hair was so much nicer than Mary’s. Mary’s hair was a pretty colour and the longer curls suited her better than the pixie cut she had sported when he first met her. But it was thin and dry, probably from the constant bleaching to keep its platinum shade.
During her exile in England, Violet had found herself in shady neighborhoods no one in their right, law-abiding minds would ever visit. She also had found herself on the other end of the spectrum, spending time in swanky neighborhoods she would have never imagined herself visiting in her wildest imaginings. She had lived in Soho, she had lived in actual City, next to the very heart of the financial district.
” he tried to shake the blood off his shoe. “Sherlock?”
*EDITED TO ADD: Discovered I'll be needing to add tags as I go...
I am,” he clicked the television off and set the remote on the little end-table next to John’s chair. Then he crossed his legs and tented his fingers, assuming a calm façade while inside he sternly told himself not to let her get under his skin, as she was wont to do. And do well. “Let us start over, please. Before we end up calling each names and ruin what otherwise was a rather pleasant day.”
Spoiler alert - shit's about to get real in 221B very soon.
“Yeah, OK,” John’s voice shook as he clutched her hands. Kissing her fingers, he had whispered, “So do I. I want a chance to say goodbye too.”
Didn’t need a genius to determine who “him” was.
In the clutches of the Devil Himself, the clever girl had lied. She had concealed the Great Detective’s affection for Molly Hooper. She had stared into Jim Moriarty’s mad eyes and lied straight to his face.
As Sherlock darted across the busy street, Heathcliff cheerily called out “Say hello to Mickey for me,” as a parting shot.
Finally, Sherlock pulled away, gasping for air. “John…”
10:58 AM
“A second clock begins with a shorter countdown. Sherlock folded his mouth into a thin line that should have been impossible to achieve with his Cupid’s bow lips. And if Clarissa gets up…”
But then, halfway there, Lestrade stopped her. As Violet stared at him wide-eyed, he removed his hand from her shoulder and cleared his throat. “Look, I just, errr… I just want to say… I know what you did, for Molly and for Henry and… yeah… I…” His eyes grew wet as his cheeks reddened slightly.
“Does it affect John?”
Violet however was traveling down a completely different avenue. “You admitted you weren’t always faithful to Victor when you were still using, so despite your claims to the contrary, you do have a sex life. Actually, you’re kind of a man-whore,” she added cheerfully.
The floor-length dress itself was a mermaid-style gown, skin-tight through the waist and thighs but billowing out around her knees. Violet had become quite slender during her time in England due to a combination of kickboxing, yoga and constant anxiety of discovery, which all whittled away her appetite. And yet, Mrs. Toller could barely do up the hidden zip on the right side of the frock. The dress felt like it was one size too small for her. Once Mrs. Toller got the zip up though, Violet immediately felt short of breath. She was sure her ribs were going to snap from the pressure of the gown compressing her abdomen.  She had never felt more uncomfortable in her life, and she’d once had pepper spray misted into her face during her training at Quantico  just so she and the other cadets would know  what that felt like.
Sweltering under the sun, having been free from medical testing for three days now, Violet had gotten it into her head that she wanted to go for a swim.
All three men stared at her open-mouthed again, their eyes almost falling out of their heads.
“I wasn’t after the fucking girl!” the MI-6 agent positively howled now. “I was sent here to bug the flat, that’s it, that’s all!”
“Oh my God,” Violet closed her eyes and waved her hand even more desperately. “I’m really not comfortable having this conversation with you.”
Sherlock smirked, recalling how they had first met.  It had been during one of his inevitable and dull stints in rehab when he had been playing around with computer hacking. He found he was proficient, but hadn’t really found the task of hacking all that challenging. He did, however, enjoy chatting with people online. He could be social without actually being social.
“Knew we should have moved the fucking merchandise now,” the Irishman swore as he produced a prepaid mobile, calling the guards meant to replace them. “If you’re lying, you’re dead,” he pleasantly told the black man as the line rang on the other end.
Mycroft now kept a spare toothbrush in his small washroom for William. Even though the boy was about to eat a massive amount of choccies, Mycroft still made him clean his teeth. He also gave him a spoonful of Pepto-Bismol in case his tummy was still upset. William made a face but choked down the thick, pink liquid. “Yuck.”
“Last girl was only nineteen, Geoff.”
Her “spidey sense” tingled… someone had walked over her grave…
Now Sherlock snarled, “One more useless comment from you and I’ll be examining your tongue underneath my microscope, trying to determine what makes it wag endlessly so. The rest of you will not be included in my examination.”
Mary stopped cleaning the girl’s wounds and stared her down. “Your real name.”
“Panic attack?”
“Henry Ralph,” Molly fiddled with the cuff of her dress. “Ralph was my dad’s name. Mum used to call Dad ‘Raffles.’ It was her pet name for him. She started calling Henry that the minute she found out what his middle name was. And it stuck,” she finished grimly, “On my side of the family, at least.”
As John and Molly got closer to the hall, they could hear piano music drifting out the open doors.
”Come along, Mrs. Lestrade,” he whispered, grinning.
Doyle, A. C., & Morley, C. (1930). The Adventure of the Copper Beaches. The complete Sherlock Holmes. Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday & Co.
“The weather that day was sunny and clear skies.”
“Quite so,” Mycroft leaned forward, placing elbows on the top of his spotless desk. Tenting his fingers together, he quietly demanded, “What do you want?”
John lost all track of time and jumped when the door opened, half-expecting Sherlock. He flicked his eyes down to the ugly linoleum floor when he saw it was Violet instead.
“Just checking in,” Violet still used her ‘Miss Smith’ voice. “Everything OK?”
“Ta, doc, we’ll take it from here,” the lead paramedic crisply informed John as the other paramedic knelt next to Sally. John nodded and moved out of the way, but continued to supervise, his arms crossed, his big blue eyes fixed on every move the paramedics made.
Then she saw black boots in front of her face.
“In his office, attending to some business,” Dr. Sankaran did not seem surprised she asked for Mycroft. “But he will see you at tea, assuming you are up for it. May I examine you?”
Everything about it was just so sedentary and
Yet another reason he found it difficult to talk to anyone at Oxford… especially the blokes.
“I shot him.”
.” She looked up at the ceiling, took two shuddering breaths to compose herself. “Please, promise me, you’ll stay. He
“Yes, I have,” Sherlock snipped as he switched the kettle on. “You weren’t ob-”
“This is getting tedious,” he threatened her. “You will be perfectly fine on your own.”
“Good boy,” Sherlock cooed dangerously as the growling, slobbering dog turned his attention back towards him, away from John. His inconsistent irises greenish-gold in this light, he narrowed his eyes at the dog. He clenched his teeth tightly together as well, making his face look positively feral. As he coaxed the dog away from John, he purred, “Who’s a
“Why?” both Holmes brothers demanded.
“When it comes to decapitation, I need all the resources the Met can provide.”
Half of the man’s face was ruggedly handsome, the crow’s feet only accentuating his lovely eye and smile lines the fullness of his lip. But the other half of his face was covered with pink ropy scar tissue. He was also missing an eyebrow. Apparently, he was lucky to still have use of both eyes.
Violet slapped a mosquito on her forearm. It buzzed away unharmed. “Mycroft didn’t jump on that?”
“Oh, he means well in his own funny old way,” Mrs. Hudson sighed. Then hastily added, in case Violet thought she was being rude. “And you do look a bit peaky dear. Am I intruding? I can always come back later.”
“That’s not fair,” John grumbled. “And don’t call Anna
Mycroft caught his double meaning. “You have Julia Stoner.”
“I was stunned, just… I did slam the remote down, think I broke it. I’ve… I’ve never wanted to hit a woman before, I’d
her handle this case - GL
1:20 PM
Good news and bad news... bad news first... I will be taking another little hiatus, but it's nothing bad. Just visiting family and friends for Thanksgiving and I just won't be able to post while I'm traveling. Good news.... this is no longer a WIP! Rough draft of the final chapter is done and have been sent off so cadogan can make it pretty. :^)
Even though he quailed at the prospect of losing the life he knew, he stoutly said, “Poverty doesn’t frighten me.”
She shook her head as if he could see her. “I’m OK.”
Sherlock ignored her. “Violet, go upstairs and collect Edward Rucastle. Wiggins, you take Mrs. Hudson and Miss Ellis-Payne out of here. I’ll fetch John.”
Not only had she disarmed the prospect, but she pointed the dipshit’s own gun at him.
“The attending physician is consulting with a colleague about whether or not it is necessary to begin a series of rabies injections.”
9:31 AM
Violet agreed to go along with it. After all, she was already pretending to be his fake girlfriend. Why not pretend to be his fake fiancée? It was just for a case, after all.
Then the Freak had gotten himself shot. Had broken into Charles Augustus Magnussen’s offices and gotten himself shot. Donovan did not feel bad about that at all. He was trespassing, after all, despite his claims that he had been visiting his alleged girlfriend.
Lestrade started fiddling with his pen again. “You should have called me,” he repeated himself but in a much lower voice. He put the pen down. “And now? How are you doing?”
True, Violet spoke French fluently. However, her French was properly Metropolitan. This woman’s accent had the slight cadence and inflection that indicated she had been born and bred in Montemarte.
Violet finally got the paper off the straw and popped it into the cup. She pulled her chair closer to John and sat back down. Holding out the cup, she asked, “What do you remember?”
Any other human being would have rushed to embrace her. Sherlock was not any other human being. He waited as he watched her very carefully.
“Then who are we chasing after?”
Tea slopped over the brim of the cup as Anna set it down with a shaking hand.
“What?” Victor sank down onto the rumpled bed. “What happened? Is he going to be OK?”
2:02 AM
for my life.”
so don’t get drunk and carried away like you did the Toni Pandy girl. Christ what a mess that was.”
The houseboat’s loo and shower were so small even a hobbit would have felt claustrophobic. Sherlock had to slouch to shower and practically kneel to wash his hair. He found it was easier to wash his hair in the kitchen sink. Not that bending over the tiny sink while pouring a cup of lukewarm water over his head to wash the shampoo away was much more comfortable. But it was easier than twisting into an impossible pose in the cramped, narrow shower.
“Yes,” Violet breathed. Choosing her words carefully, she said “I feel like I can unequivocally be myself when I’m with him.”
“Yes.”
“That’s because you’re an idiot.”
So he nodded and mouthed “OK,” to Molly then cheerfully boomed, “Oh, why would Mycroft waste time bugging us, Molly? We’re dull. Besides Mycroft would have never wanted to go to Sherlock’s birthday party had he known about it, right?”
Then he remembered that Moriarty Senior and the Earl of Winchester were out there somewhere and he felt ice water running through his veins.
Violet scooped up the Smith & Wesson and tucked into the back of her jeans. She left Julia without a backwards glance.
His mobile vibrated again. Still, he ignored it.
a tie created from a childhood friendship with a horribly disfigured man named Lord Heathcliff Cullen-Culpepper, the Earl of Winchester. She needed to know more about Mycroft’s and the Earl’s relationship to prove her innocence. Violet had determined the real traitor was Jack Woodley at the conference they had attended. She had watched him disregard the correct protocol on how to treat an English lord. She had also known this particular member of the British peerage was about the biggest piece of shit she ever had the misfortune of profiling. So she had known Jack had treated him familiarly to tip the Earl off that the American Feds were getting too close.
Victor thought but he said it anyway: “Children.”
Last summer, Violet went undercover as a nanny for an
“Sherlock Holmes,” John said sternly. “Stop ignoring me.”
“You know,” Marie said wearily. “I wanted to be a veterinarian when I was a kid.”
“Sorry, what?” Sherlock shook himself from his revive.
9:50 PM
“Oi,” John gave Sherlock a good-natured tug on his curls, making Sherlock snicker. Then he sat up and cupped Sherlock’s face in his wide, calloused hands. “In case you hadn’t already deduced it, I’m in love with you too, git.”
“Perfectly,” Sherlock informed John in his normal, detached voice, albeit a bit scratchy from the sore throat. “If I didn’t trust you, I would have never given you the memory stick of my childhood therapy sessions. If I didn’t want you to watch those videos, I would have destroyed the memory stick. Besides,” he said lightly, “It would be highly hypocritical for me to be angry with you for doing your research. After all, I obtained your birth certificate to learn your middle name when you refused to tell me.”
“Oh,” Sherlock’s mouth dropped open then he rolled his eyes. “If you hadn’t cooperated with Richard Brook, he would have murdered you and we wouldn’t be having this conversation.”
Sherlock immediately opened his mouth and was rewarded with John’s tongue darting inside, rolling around, exploring, tasting. Sherlock quickly recovered from the shock, cupped John’s face with both his hands and reciprocated, finally learning at last what John
“I have an inkling,” Mary patted her thigh and Sweetie got up off his dog bed to trot after her. “And if it’s who or what I think it is…” she sighed.
Dark old room…
“Right, so,” Mason floundered. Even though he had been warned about Sherlock’s capricious behavior, he had no idea how to deal with it. He also had no memory of arresting Sherlock nearly ten years ago either. The charges didn’t stick, so Mason did indeed forget all about it. He honestly did not remember that once Sherlock had been another pathetic, shivering junkie coming down from a high. He only saw Sherlock as the sneering, intimidating (and some whispered
Not giving a damn whether or not she got grass stains  on her skirt, Violet crawled closer to the boy. “Eddie, what’s wrong?” she crooned, noticing his hunched shoulders.
He pretended to believe his old Aunt Cora as she gave him her excuses for his father, “He wanted to be here, Johnny, he did. But he couldn’t afford it. The airfare, from America, that is.”
shut down. You know how it is, Victor. I got… I got
Behind them, Dupin smiled a little knowing smile all to himself as Honoré led them all out of the void and back up to the City of Lights.
Dazed, she looked around, wondering why she was in John’s chair. She stared owlishly at the television set before sluggishly locating the remote control and switching it off.
Wednesday morning
He stood in the doorway, watching Violet cracking eggs into a ceramic bowl that used to hold brains. Strange, having his dishes and pots and pans to be actually used for preparing food… there were also glass dishes containing shredded cheese and diced vegetables.
“Don’t listen to him, Latimer!” Moser bleated helplessly.
Doyle, A. C., & Morley, C. (1930). The Adventure of the Copper Beeches. The complete Sherlock Holmes. Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday & Co.
Violet laid down on the slab, her hand pressed to her forehead.
“Whenever you’re ready, Miss Donovan,” Sherlock sniffed the contents of his bright green cup, made a moue of distaste and took a hesitant sip.
“I’m an American,” she quipped.
It felt liberating, to be inaccessible, even though she knew it was only for a little while.
He opened his eyes, frowning. He didn’t recall hearing Henry cry, but often Molly got up to tend to the baby without telling him. But when she got out of bed, it usually roused him.
John froze again.
“Interesting there isn’t any protective padding there.”
He would have dearly loved to have taken Trelawney-Hope up on his offer. Would have loved to radio the private jet and tell those dunces of pilots to turn their plane around right now. Would have truly loved to  lose his temper, actually lose control so he could scream at all of those agents that his brother owed them
Sherlock and Violet put their shoes back on. The women gathered their handbags.
Sherlock gave John a most quizzical look, “Because that’s not the case, that’s not our job, John. Our responsibility is to find the letter before the wrong sort gets their hands on it.”
7:47 PM London time
Violet closed her eyes, mentally shaking that bittersweet memory away while again cursing Mycroft for digging up the past. Her past, her life… her old life.
“Weak minds break easily,” Mycroft stove for patience, “Now, the code, please.”
Sherlock had snorted audibly but Dupin had chuckled. But when Irene, no longer playacting, pressed her hand to her forehead and started sinking towards the ground, he carefully lifted her back up, trying to touch her injured back as little as possible. “I think you’ve been on your own too long,
“Easy tiger,” the man in black said. Trager’s electric blue eyes flashed bloody murder.
get his hopes up.”
“Only a very small percentage of people can remember everything,” Sherlock smirked. “
“Turn?”
, Sherlock stifled a sigh,
“What do you mean
“Stick, I love you, but,” Chibs shook his grey head dolefully. “That’s something we can’t do.”
Violet, meanwhile, couldn’t bear the idea of kitting up into the full “Miss Smith” gear. She plaited her hair and wound it into a bun at the nape of her neck. She put on foundation and powder to not only conceal the freckles and scar on her face, but also the fresh scrapes and cuts. She also put on her spare pair of fake eyeglasses. However she still wore the yoga bottoms and socks. But there was nothing she could do about the Elastoplast on her cheek and forehead.
He paced back and forth in his kitchen, running his hand over his mouth. His massive appetite was absent for once.
loathe
The bottoms of Harry’s feet were dirty, like she had been walking around barefoot all morning and hadn’t showered yet. She wore a velour tracksuit. Her body was contorted into parody of the yoga position “Child’s Pose.” But her wrists were cruelly bound together with some sort of silk scarf.
“You won’t shoot me,” the man said arrogantly.
Mary had the entire night to herself. She had told John she had been called into work, a nurse fell ill and they were short-staffed. She played on John’s sympathies and friendship with Violet, whispering how drawn and pale Violet herself looked. Would be good of him to stay and help her with Sherlock.
. Oh God, what’s gone wrong? John despaired.
Then in matter of minutes, to end up like this, dragged from security into uncertainty then cruelly forced to realize that
“OK, John, just… give me a minute and meet me upstairs so I can clean that cut out. I just need to clean out the downstairs bathroom and find some towels and clothes. So, um, yeah,” Honoré, obviously embarrassed that John and Sherlock had discovered his hero’s dirtiest secret, darted off as soon as he could.
Jack wasn’t much of a navel-gazer, but he paused at the bottom of the steps that led up to the second floor of this sorry little house. He gripped the banister, trying once again to solve the puzzle that was his son.
John opened his mouth, shut it, shook his head and trundled back over to the coffee table to collect the files. “I really hate you sometimes,” he told his best friend.
Well… he hadn’t completely forgotten about Victor, of course.
“I’ll see what I can do,” Violet put on her fake eyeglasses then popped her mobile into her handbag. Looping the handbag over the crook of her elbow as she walked towards the door, she looked over her shoulder and smiled at John. “Get some rest, OK?”
“Be thankful all I’m going to do is take credit for this win,” he leered at her.
“Where are we going?”
“Fucking hell,” John clutched the mug as if it was the only thing keeping him sitting upright. “I meant what I said to her, I did. I can’t take her rubbish anymore. But she’s still my sister, how’m I supposed to just turn my back on her?”
Wednesday morning
for having wrinkles either.
“They say anxiety dreams are common as you get closer to the due date,” Molly murmured, reaching up to clasp his hands as he held her, her eyes fluttering shut again.
“I can’t give that to the Met,” Mary hissed. “It has my real name on the front.”
“And I must ignore your advice although I appreciate the spirit in which it was given,” Mycroft gave Anthea a thin smile. “Go to the hospital and keep an eye on the Lestrades, won’t you?”
“I dislike being intoxicated.”
**Sherlock's comment about it being "a capital mistake to theorize in advance of the facts" can be found in "The Adventure of the Second Stain":
“Her hands…. Her bloody hands…” John wrote in big block letters SHAKING HANDS and his internal Sherlock purred
“Shut up,” John jerked the duvet over his legs, glad his pants were still on.
13 January 2016
So Jack merely cleared his throat and said, “You’re a good brother, Johnny, you know that, don’t you? It’s been a rough go these past few months, especially this week with Gary and all. And how you’ve been handling it all, well, I’m proud of you, son. I really meant it.”
“Honestly Sherlock,” Mycroft studied his tea cup as if he were a  seer divining the future from the tea leaves, “I hadn’t expected your cooperation, so I do not have the data you require. But I will get it for you. I will let MI-6 know you are cooperating, which will not only earn you more good grace, but will buy you more time to get the information from Agent Hunter as well as hunt Moriarty down. The end game is simple, Sherlock. There are no plans to have you executed for killing Magnussen, but there are others who see you as a threat.”
“Ah. So,” Mycroft had the grace to look uncomfortable. “Apparently my brother and you are closer than I believed, given that he’s confiding in you.”
“Fortunately,” Sherlock got off the coffee table only to lie down on the sofa. “Everyone loathed Magnussen so much that no one was truly heartbroken that I did their dirty work for them.” He let his eyelids flutter shut, “Still not taking the mission, Mycroft.”
“But it’s going to be unfortunately stolen tonight,” Mary said. “Leave it in your locker. Also, leave your password to your email as well. I also recommend,” Mary pushed the Stop button. The lift jerked then started moving upwards again. “You tell your supervisor you really don’t feel well and leave. Pack up your boys and get out of town. Immediately.”
“We meet Jim at
“Dupin… has a blog?”
Then she smiled an evil smile and snatched his favorite dressing robe off the hook. She wrapped the plush garment around herself, tying the belt around her continually shrinking waistline. She had avoided looking at the ribs starting to show as she had soaped herself.
“Christ Almighty,” John had what Violet called his “The Lord is Testing Me” Look on his face.
Now it was Mrs. Holmes’ turn to pale. “Where are those recordings? Who has them?”
“Right,” John said weakly, still staring up at the ceiling, still blinking his eyes rapidly. “She wasn’t always bad, you know, Harry.”
But it was Mary who said “Oh, I told him not to mention me or my looks in the blog. The blog’s about Sherlock, not me.”
“Most importantly, how
And there it was. Three hateful words. One horrible acronym.
Sherlock started for the stairs but Violet pressed her hand to his chest. “Let me talk to him first, OK?” she breathed. “He sounds drunk.”
Bridge.”
Sherlock found the lift easily enough and didn’t even have to wait long for the doors to slide open. Two men walked out, chatting amiably with each other, not even noticing Sherlock. He waited for them to exit and then stepped into the lift, pressing the large button labeled “3”.
“No, we want to eat off our knees, of course set the table for tea!” Rucastle snapped.
They both tidied themselves up the best they could then drank their fill of water. He put his bottoms back on and she the boxer shorts. Then he located another blanket, actually a mildewed old sleeping bag, one he had left behind before departing for Rome during his Great Hiatus. But it was warmer than the chenille blanket (not to mention dry.) He then dug out two of his undershirts he usually wore under his posh dress shirts. He tossed one at Violet so she wouldn’t have to sleep in a damp jumper. He then shamelessly watched her pull off the jumper. “What?” she asked before pulling on the white T-shirt.
“Yes… sweet, ah, erm, yes,” Victor cleared his throat, tried to regain his composure, tried to ignore Gladstone. “You see, um, I do have a favor to ask of you Sherlock. When my sister-in-law found out I knew you, knew you personally, she insisted I seek you out. Ask if she could hire you for a case. Money is no object, of course.”
“Don’t,” he breathed into her ear. “It’s evidence.”
Sherlock could feel her starting to tremble as that horrible possibility took hold in her heart and in her mind. Just like Sherlock, John was a pressure point for her. She adored John the same way she had cherished her brother Michael.
