“You know, one of the most damning books for omegas created in 1848 was Advice to Young Omegas on Their Duties and Conduct in Life. It details that omegas should be homemakers, relegated to cooking, cleaning, and pleasing their alpha counterparts. That omegas are to be cherished and stewarded, not allowed their head to take up jobs or gather influences outside the home, unless they’re with other omegas.”
“All right.” He swallows any protests he might have had. As much as he hasn’t listened to authority in the past, he realizes that he’s out of his depth here and what he’s done has harmed Tony.
Bolstered by Tony’s response, Bucky presses just a bit closer to Tony and begins to rub in earnest. Tony can feel the heat emanating behind him, and he tries not to think about how close Bucky is.
“Not a chance.” Steve crosses his arms and prepares for a fight.
They both stare at him, their own brand of uncertainty lurking in their eyes. A mere thirty minutes ago, Bucky was buried balls deep inside of Tony. A mere hour ago, Steve was filling him up, promising him pups. The images are pasted to the back of Tony’s eyelids and seared into his brain. His throat clicks as he opens his mouth and closes it again.
“I’ll always want this,” he promises.
The button on his jeans pops open and being the loose pair that he keeps around the workshop, they slink down his hips and make for the floor.
There’s nothing more to say, after this one.
“He’s listening to us right now. Shall we go find out?”
“Which is why he can’t stay.” Tony insists, a fake smile plastered on his face, which contrasts with Phil’s knowing little smirk that Tony honestly admires. Phil is a brick wall. Unreadable, unfathomable. It’s unlike Fury’s defense, which seems to utilize the stick up his ass to protect himself from being analyzed.
From behind the couch, Tony felt his cock stiffen in response, a gob of slick cooly trailing its way out of his hole that felt stretched with disuse. A contradiction in terms, but one that any Omega would understand.
cared for his birthday—despite his public celebrations and parties suggesting otherwise—and struggles with special holidays, anniversaries, and the like. No matter how hard Tony’d tried, Howard had never been there when Tony had had his accomplishments. Graduations, project presentations, commendations… Howard had always been notably absent. So Tony had stopped caring, stopped expecting. When Tony had briefly dated Pepper during Iron Man’s beginnings, she had never understood how he could “forget” anniversaries or underplay their importance. It had taken Steve’s dogged persistence for Tony to enjoy those days without the shadow of his father looming over him and making him feel as though Tony didn’t deserve it. Steve’s unending patience is one of the many things Tony is grateful for.
“Steve…” It was too late to apologize.
There are alphas, betas, and a few omegas who approach them, each holding their fangs barely at bay as they make snide suggestions about what Steve and Tony have been getting up to while Tony has been out of the spotlight. The alphas are the worst. Steve wonders if that’s how he comes across to people. Arrogant, conceited.
“Maybe. We should experiment some more to see if it’s worth it.”
“Say it with a little more enthusiasm this time. Don’t you love being mine Steve? Don’t you love me?”
As he speeds away from his interview to waylay SHIELD from making this any worse, he checks the cameras to see if Captain America has come along. Bingo. All muscle and patriotic duty.
“All this time you knew how to cook, and you just let me suffer?” Tony snorts. “Rogers, I don’t want to cook. I will not cook. Get it through your head.”
He despises this place, he thinks, smacking his arm to stop an errant mosquito. There are bugs out here, and everything smells like pine and loam.
Steve kisses his Omega now, leaning over Tony’s body with his long torso and turning his head to snatch up Tony’s lips into his own, and the sheer jubilation he experiences can’t be quantified. Tony whines into it, bucking up against Steve more, and his mouth opens in invitation.
Tony skates past the bridge, using the water as a stabilizer to push off and towards the nuke. He can’t believe they’ve done this. It’s reckless, and irresponsible. Is this how Pepper feels when he shits the bed on some merger or board meeting? Tony is deathly afraid for her, for all of New York.
“JARVIS, blackout.” He stalks forward, inserting himself into her space.
As Fury relays all the information they’ll need to suit up, Tony gazes up at his partner, his lover, his soulmate. They can say that there’s no truth to it, no higher meaning, but Tony
“Sweetheart, what is it? What’s wrong?”
“And I got it! I met Edgar late in life. My fifties if you would believe! But he pursued me like I was a fresh plucked spring chicken, and if that didn’t do wonders for my ego. Oh, Edgar was a good alpha. Never a hand raised to me, and he cooked a mean meatloaf. He used to help me make the best nests, if I may be so bold as to say. He used to get me the softest pillows.” Nesting was something that omegas did before heats. Never had Steve realized that an alpha could possibly participate. The idea takes him by surprise with how much he imagines providing Tony with soft, warm blankets and silky pillows. Would Tony like that? He can’t give in to taking Tony during his heat, but he can give him whatever he needs for the nest. That’s what he’ll do.
with her about boundaries.
“Yeah, yeah it’s what I want. I want—I want to ruin you,” Steve says lowly, a confession.
He just hates how it doesn’t feel like Tony will right now.
Tony ruts into Bucky’s hand instinctively.
Tony feels stricken by her announcement. He’s been so set on hating his biology, that he never reckoned what it would be like to be given the choice to be without it, completely. Removing his uterus wouldn’t make him less Omega, but the loss of his glands would have stunted him. It would be like removing a limb.
Which is when he sees it in the clearing in front of him, not twenty feet away. A wolf.
Their nest. Tony’s nest. A warm little light bubbles up in his chest and he feels the excruciating sensation of loss when he remembers that it’s transitory. All of this won’t last and he’ll be left with nothing but his mistakes.
He then trips on what must be another log, falling backward onto his ass on some branches. The wolf doesn’t move, thank god, and he plucks out a broken branch to hold onto.
“This isn’t the first time I’ve lost someone in a war, you know,” Rogers finally says as Tony paces away from him. But at the Captain’s words, he whips around again.
The bag stayed pressed to his face moments too long; Nick gently reached out to take the package from Tony’s clawed hand, his single eye knowing. Tony watched the bag move away from him in slow motion, a wistful future spiraling down and away.
“No can do, Capsicle.” When the man looks up, Steve knows then that this is a Stark. He’s got Howard written all over him, with something more glinting in his eyes and swimming under the smile on his face. Howard had been an attractive man; a womanizer, but still beautiful. This person, some relative of his, is effortlessly gorgeous. Steve wonders if he can seduce the man, because he’s not above it, if it gets him out.
“Fury isn’t going to be mad if I don’t make an appearance. He’ll understand.” Tony tries to back up, dragging his feet on the ground as the other two pilots begin to drag him.
They discuss Tony’s events, and squabble over how many Tony will attend (half as many as he does), and whether he gets to drink (he doesn’t). Tony barely picks at his food and generally doesn’t eat much of what terrible things he cooks. Steve lets this go on; there’s no other choice besides giving into Tony completely.
“Why should we forget? I’ve wanted you too. It’s taken me so long to get there, to realize that every time I thought it was you making me mad, that it was actually just how much I wanted to be more to you. If you mean it—if you mean it Tony, I’d like to be more. I’d like you to be my only.”
He lays Tony out before him on the bed on his stomach and rubs Tony’s wet hole with a free hand. Tony keens, whining and pushing his ass up into Steve’s hand, squirming.
“Well, it’s harming him because he’s not behaving as he ought to!”
“Thank you.” Tony’s face tightens at his response, but he nods his head.
Steve recoils, but before he can say anything, Natasha shuts it down.
So if it feels like he’s fleeing all his fears and frustrations as he falls on Tony like a wave, he is. He’s hiding inside Tony even as he takes him in. He can’t bear to have Tony see him, his ugliness. To catalog with those cutting eyes all the ways in which Steve’s failed him. He settles for this, the basest of desires, letting his tongue work in conjunction with his mouth, laving and bathing Tony’s cock. He ruts himself against the nest, his cock stupendously hard, big, and pulsating with suppressed want. This is for Tony. All of him is for Tony.
“So how’d you get down here?” He tries to sound casual, but the reason he zoomed off on his own was so that the Captain wouldn’t show up and give Tony an opportunity to out himself. Tony is really trying here, but he’s never had to be two people or do much of anything to protect his identity. SHIELD knew, but they wouldn’t outright tell the Avengers team. Tony knew that much at least.
“Well, no, I just thought—yeah ok. I can see where that might have helped if he actually wanted to cook.”
“You can work from your bed on a tablet, yes? You should lay down.”
“Fine. I don’t see, hear, or otherwise speak to Steve when we’re not in drift.”
“Hmm. good point. Ok fine, you can come, but Maria and her little dog and pony show stays the fuck away from me.” There’s more grumbling, but there’s not much SHIELD can do on his private property. They beam back up to their ship and leave a quiet and staid Captain America in their place. He wants to know what it would take to ruffle those feathers. He’s certainly done it before, but it’s been so long since Steve Rogers has been his youthful and serum’d self, Tony’s forgotten how to act around him.
With Steve on his back as they take off, Tony worries it’s the Omega in him that wants Steve. He’s the perfect specimen of a man. Like the world decided this is what an Alpha ought to look like and poured charisma and goodness into a mold, and out popped Steve Rogers, last bastion of the American dream.
God, but he’s beautiful. Too lean to be a standard Omega beauty, but Steve thinks he’s all the more gorgeous for how unique he is. The tight lines of Tony’s legs don’t stand out in the ratty jeans he has on now, but Steve knows what they look like, the lovely divets around Tony’s knees, the lines of his shins down to his perfect toes. Thighs that will look so good around Steve, he’s already hard just imagining it.
“Is this consensual?”
“It would work if you would show more effort. You’re an omega. It’s in your nature to do these things.”
Steve debates giving the last of the medication to Tony early, but he doesn’t want to disrupt the process more than he is concerned about someone informing Tony.
Tony’s a shivering mess underneath him, and he’s staring at Steve like he doesn’t know him, like this is the first time he’s seeing him. It agitates Steve, but the sooner Tony understands how this is going to go, who Steve really is, the better things will get.
“It’s not about what he deserves. Not for me, you, or Tony. It’s about what he wants, Steve, and that’s something you can’t provide him with.”
“I think you do like it. I think you want me to do things to you, yeah?” Bucky’s fingers make their way inside the loop of the towel, loosening it gently while Tony gasps and flaps his mouth helplessly.
“I’d let you know that I’ve seen your tell, but that would also be lying.” Nat pours herself a cup of coffee, leaning her hips against the counter in a mockery of relaxation. No, Steve knows she’s on edge, poised to strike.
“I don’t want you,” Steve says, and it sounds wretched even to his ears.
“Fury is in DC at the moment, I’m here to get you up to speed.” She lays down a file she’d been carrying and opens it up, pushing it towards him. On the very front, it shows a picture of a robot, gleaming with its gold and red panels.
“Yes.” Steve is so calm, so reasonable. Tony wants to believe that it’s fine, but every hair on his body stands on end from some unknown, unseeable danger.
“Fuck, Steve.
Steve pulls his fingers out and obscenely licks them, humming at the flavor, and Tony is so proud his alpha likes the scent, the taste of him.
“Look at you! Pure Irish Catholic boy you are. Well, son, that beautiful girl told me to tell you about where and when I grew up, which was on Hicks and Pierrepont, right near this apartment called Leigh Place. We lived in the apartment next door. Never had a name put to it besides the Old Pierrepont place. The new one was across the street.” Steve’s blood runs cold and hot. Leigh Place is where he grew up. He estimates this woman to be about ninety years old, her skin that fine almost feathered look with a smattering of liver spots. She was around him in his earlier life. There, when he lived in Brooklyn. As he studies the contours of her face, he sees them morph into one of youth. He remembers her now, leashed up behind her alpha, smiling. She was beautiful then, docile and sweet like omegas should be.
This is what leads him to Fury’s office on a Sunday, because the guy doesn’t seem to exist outside of SHIELD. Tony thinks he has a perch where he sleeps like an overgrown bat.
“Starting early and hard I see,” Rhodey comments when Tony orders a double shot of scotch with a few chips of ice.
“Of course. I’ll go to the store, buy some fresh things.”
If anything, Tony’s open affection, the fact that he believes in Steve, is proof positive that Tony loves him. And Steve knows he loves Tony. There’s no falsehood here.
“You have to let me go, Bucky. Please.” He starts crawling backwards along the wall, trying to put distance between Bucky and himself.
There’s no hope for Tony like this. Natasha watches as Carol holds the crumpling form of Rhodes in her arms, the man shaking with loss.
“I can make you sure, darlin’. Sweet little thing,” he rumbles into Tony’s neck. Tony gasps as Bucky’s fingers crawl into his boxers, and he tries to wiggle, away or towards, he’s not aware of which. It feels good in a way that nothing should. Bucky
. That alpha in his imagination had always been Steve, and now lately, Bucky.
“It’s ok if you’re not comfortable. They just look so—so soft.” Steve reached a hand out, and Tony’s wings closed the distance, the very largest feather brushing his fingers. Tony has given up on trying to stop them from doing whatever it was they want to do when Steve was close. What’s one more thing?
“I’m Father Jacobs. Not sure I’ve seen you here before. Welcome! Is there something I can help you with?”
Their lips mashed together, and the teeth and spit were jarring, her lips thin and jerking under his. If he’d had ardor in the moment, it iced considerably with their kiss.
“So you keep saying. But I don’t think you know for certain what Tony wants, either.”
There’s a tense moment where all Tony can think is to
Tony had told him to get out. Tony doesn’t want what this couple has, the easy affection they’re engaged in. But to be fair, Steve made it clear he didn’t want it either.
, probably.
“Oh, you like that alpha? Yeah, you’re just like the rest of them, aren’t you? Lead around by your fucking knot. Are you going to spank me now? I bet you’ll enjoy it, you asshole. You’ll tell your hidebound, stuck up self that you don’t care for it, but I’ll know. I’ll fucking know. It’s about your pleasure. Putting yourself over an uppity little omega. You get off on it.” Steve backs away, darting from Tony who is pressing into his territory with the determination of a dog with a bone and a scent as pervading as spilled perfume.
He ends up leaving SHIELD feeling wrung out and lost. Edith had a strict schedule, and her caretakers had shown up quick as can be to get her loaded into the van. Nat had come back, tilted her head at him with those cold, cold eyes, and dismissed him without asking about any of it, including his red-rimmed eyes.
“He looks frail and he’s going through a stress-induced heat! Now tell me the truth about what you’ve been doing Rogers! Now, before I bench you.” The spittle from Fury’s face hits him, and Steve takes a reflexive step back. There’s a sinking feeling in his chest, and it continues to descend.
“Yours, Steve, fucking yours.” At that, Steve collapses on Tony, and Steve rolls them over, carefully arranging Tony in front of him.
“Now the trial, Tony, do not go antagonizing the military industrial complex. Can you do that?” Pepper sounded desperate, and Tony didn’t really know why. If all else fails, he can blow up the suit and live in a van down by the river. Or an island.
“With pleasure.” Tony steps forward and Steve places his feet on Tony’s as they rise up into the air, Tony’s arms wrapped around Steve as though he’ll never let go.
“I do.”
Yet it feels so good. And he lets himself imagine Tony eating the food, maybe throwing in a little moan on a particularly good bite. If he thinks about it more, he wonders if Tony would let Steve feed him.
“Good boy, taking that so well. You want another finger? Of course you do. Your ass is so
“Forgive me Father, I haven’t prayed, but I know I should. I just saw the church and I knew I should come here.”
“Are you sure you checked the breakers?” The panel was dusty, old, and non-functional. A remnant of some lazy renovation.
When their hands touch each other as they draw back the sheet, they both stop for a moment, before Steve curls his fingers around Tony’s, so briefly, before pulling away.
Steve was silent, leaning against a broken piece of concrete that didn’t have rebar sticking out of it. They weren’t cramped, given that the elevator they’d been in had smashed down into the sub-basement where all the boilers were kept. Usually, these sub-basements had tunnels leading out, but with the suit mostly out of order, and the structural integrity under question, they couldn’t risk digging anywhere. Their team would get them out. It was just taking them forever to do so.
It’s embarrassing how slick Tony is down there, his ass probably flowering open as it waits for penetration.
“That’s enough, Barton.” Natasha is eyeing him up, her gaze scrutinizing. “What’s changed?”
He flips them to the side, taking Tony’s body with him. He pets down Tony’s sides, and notes those bruises already forming. Cupping Tony’s ass, he thrusts into him just a little as his cock spasms again. Tony gives a thready moan, and Steve reaches back up and around with his right hand to grip the base of Tony’s throat so he can feel the vibration of it.
He’s also going to go through Tony’s closet, but that can wait for another day. In the meantime, when he gets inside, he explores the tower. It’s huge, sprawling, and unnecessary. But there’s nothing Steve is going to do about it, given that Tony only takes up a small portion of the penthouse itself. Steve also moves his clothes into the room next to Tony’s, which is a meager amount. But he doesn’t need much.
“Tony, when was this meeting with Fury?” Pepper is hustling him into his jacket now, turning the cuffs of his dress shirt inward before securing them with a pair of glitzy cufflinks. He let himself be dressed now, marveling at her efficiency. Tonight was a gala fundraiser celebrating the successful cleanup of New York. This newly opened ballroom would play host to the most riveting persons in New York tonight, likely including some SHIELD agents. Hopefully not Fury.
Steve slips out again after his knot deflates, and Tony collapses to the bed, falling into deep slumber.
Tony cries out those oh-so-very necessary words, the ones Steve has been dreaming of hearing, and he lunges, blanketing Tony in him. He can hardly wait to be buried in Tony, his pliant Omega body begging to give it up to Steve.
So he doesn’t wait.
“I did, just didn’t much like the answers, but I can’t change that now.”
Steve gets up and goes to his room to get dressed. It takes less time than the last time, familiarity making his movements quicker, and at last he throws on the sports coat, carefully buttoning the front.
“Yeah. It’s time to get ready. I’m cutting it pretty close with my heat, but it’s still a good idea to go.”
“Not sure I can guess. Show me?”
“And you… You can’t die Tony. I know everything hasn’t been aces between us, but I
Steve takes Tony’s chin in hand as the suit melts off him like candle wax.
“So what’s it going to be? No sharing a room? No shared mealtimes?” Tony is prodding him, and Steve realizes he doesn’t want to answer just yet. He’d rather they were married and on their way to their new life.
Tony lets it go.
“I like ‘em. Get over here, Avenger.” And the way Steve
When they find him hours later, he’s put together as though he’d never fallen apart. It’s only a week until he’ll see Tony again. He doesn’t know anymore if he can wait that long.
Steve knows he’s obsessed. That he’s gone beyond simple desire and is hurtling headlong into the territory of infatuation.
Tony’s eyes flicker up and down Steve’s face, searching for something. Steve tries to be whatever it is that Tony needs, whatever signal the omega gives him for what comes next, and he waits as keenly as a fisherman for a fish to bite.
, unprotected and away from their home, and Tony didn’t know.
“Fuck.” He gets hit with a particularly rough thrust between his legs, and he feels fur tickle at his back. The wolf rocks back and forth, fucking itself onto Tony. Tony tries not to think about what the wolf’s dick must look like, or whether it’s getting off at all.
“Tony, stop. I don’t want–”
Steve is whispering endearments, filthy and profoundly sweet. He talks about the warmth of Tony’s cunt being made for him. How sweet Tony will look pregnant with his children. And Tony wants that, wants Steven’s cum, his children, wants his very being to be the earth to Steve’s sun.
,” he growls. And
“Nat—” He doesn’t know why he says anything at all. The truth is falling down on him, and he feels miserable for not seeing Nat sooner.
“Ask me again,” Tony says, breathily, holding on to the tender bits of sanity.
He can’t not comply. It’s Bucky. His teammate, friend. Tony’s pathetic, he knows, wanting this as bad as he does. It feels too good to question it, and he hitches his hips forward, pressing the base of his cock against the firm ring of Bucky’s hand. The skin over his erection slides as he rocks into it, a little bit of precum smoothing some of the way.
Tony tosses aside the letter, but grabs it again and folds it up, shoving it into his nightstand. Maybe he’s being sentimental, but he can do that now, can’t he? Steve would understand.
all his life with the use of hormones. It was why he and Steve constantly fought for dominance over the team, their decisions split down the middlemost missions. It was why they were here. Because Tony couldn’t listen.
“No. Tony—” Rhodey cuts himself off. It’s not like his friend to not know what to say, but Tony figures there’s both a first time for everything and a good reason for his speechlessness.
“I’m going to try. If he lets me.” Steve clasps his hands together. Natasha reaches over and pats him on the shoulder.
“Ride me, sweet thing?” It’s all Tony can do to comply, and he braces his hands back on Steve’s powerful thighs, pushing his body up and down on Steve, his much smaller cock bouncing in front of them as Steve looks down to watch.
Bucky leans down and licks the stripe of wetness on Tony’s face before going for a nipple. It sends shockwaves through him when it’s sucked roughly into Bucky’s mouth, and Tony lets out a very submissive squeak. The man doesn’t relent; he’s merciless, tormenting each nipple back and forth with suck-bruising efficiency. Tony looks down at how peaked and red they are and locks eyes with Bucky as his lips are wrapped around Tony’s flesh.
“I see that.” Bruce kindly picked up the pieces of the broken mug, placing them on the counter while Tony huffed, slack-jawed and eyes closed in a mockery of patience.
Tony tuts behind him and drags a cold metal finger along his crevice, causing Steve to shudder. The hand pulls away with a slight breeze over his cheeks, and it’s replaced with the metal head of the suit’s cock pressed against his entrance. Tony doesn’t hesitate before starting to push in. Each scale on the cock ripples into him, the ridges catching even with the copious amount of spit.
“That’s classified, and I don’t want any discussion with other agents. If a word about this comes out, since you’re the only tech who knows, I’ll be back here for you.” Steve is disapproving enough, frighteningly so, that no agent would dare break what rules SHIELD already has in place for improper sharing of information.
He loves it. More than he expected, he appreciates how he’s built to make love to Tony.
“No! It’s— Pepper, the Captain is back. He’s back, and, well.”
“Quit pulling each other’s pig tails then! Most of the insults traded come from your end Stark, or do you generally live in a state of denial?” Fury was smiling now, even though he was wrong, because Tony did not pull people’s hair unless it was consensual pulling. Which given that his little crush on the Captain had been taken out behind the shed and shot, there would be no hair-pulling on Cap’s thick, blond hair. Ever.
He’s not going to wait until the tranquilizer wears off. He can’t. He won’t.
at Steve. Steve, who is gazing at him with such sweetness and light, so much more than Tony warrants. Panic is as thick as honey in his throat, but he holds it there, swallows around it, and tries to stay here in the moment, with Steve.
“Shut the fuck up. Just shut the fuck up. He’s out there and you’re abandoning him. You aren’t even holding out any hope for him at all.”
Tony comes after a time and lays down, curling up next to Steve. Steve puts his arms around the omega, tucks his bottom up against Steve’s groin, and settles in. This is where he should be. His sense of completeness is resolute, immovable.
“No, no, no– Steve, please, it feels– I feel– I can’t, don’t want to!”
“Aren’t you supposed to, I don’t know, support me, as a teammate?”
Bucky is no better. His stillness, Tony realizes, is his tell. The quietude of the Soldier reveals that Bucky isn’t certain of his footing here. Even as he too is dressed in a sleeveless black shirt with his military styled pants that he usually wears for the field, when he’s most definitely in charge. Bucky did take the time to put on boots, which only add to his stress-induced state of preparedness.
“It’s good to meet you, Dr. Banner. Your work on anti-electron collisions is unparalleled. And I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into the Mr. Hyde of Jolly Green Giants.” Tony watches the smile drift down off of Dr. Banner’s face when he mentions the Hulk. Huh. He’s going to have to figure out what the guy’s so torn up about. If Tony could be a giant green rage monster, he’d use it for building things, like his very own hadron collider.
“Nah. I think I’ll take his mouth. Been waiting to see those pretty lips wrapped around my cock.”
.” His wings spread themselves, wiggling this way and that, giving Steve as much encouragement as they can. For once, Tony and his wings are on board with the same objective, so he can’t be too upset with them.
“You can’t declare him dead. It’s not even been a week!”
Less than thirty minutes ago, Tony was reminded viscerally that he is an Omega. He remembers he needs to have his heat. The acrimony he feels towards Rogers, towards himself, settles into his bones as he makes towards Engine room 3. Cap doesn’t like him. Doesn’t respect him or see him as anything other than an Omega. There is nothing he can do to change that. But he can be Iron Man. Just for today.
“Steve—” Tony starts.
Steve looks at the card in his wallet that Tony gave him, but realizes he wants to get this for Tony on his own dime. The government had given him back pay, and SHIELD did pay him for his services. When the total comes up to over two thousand dollars, Steve grimaces, but pays it without comment using his card.
“Just because you’re not swearing doesn’t mean you’re not having a smart mouth right now, and if I have to, I can think up punishments for that as well.”
Steve realizes he’s stumbled into a well-oiled unit much like the Howling Commandos. Iron Man is just that kind of guy, Steve realizes, and it’s not a big deal.
“And lastly, you should meet JARVIS. JARVIS?”
“Stevie, I think we have dates to plan.” Bucky inclines his head at Steve, a bit of shyness in the tilt and the small smile he has nestled on his face. Steve slaps a hand on Bucky’s shoulder, grinning with the kind of cheer that is only embodied in Captain America.
“I’m getting away from myself. Conall was difficult to please. He liked his dinner at six o’clock sharp, and if it was off, he’d take his hand to my behind. That’s always a sensitive place for omegas, and it was humiliating! Imagine, me, a grown omega, taken over an alpha’s knee! But he wasn’t a very forgiving man. Oh, out in public he had me leashed and collared, no matter that I despised the thing. And you can bet your bottom dollar that in private? He was a right menace. The spanking was just—well I don’t like to come out and say it, but it’s an awful thing to do to an omega.”
the sun.
“Uh, sorry, Bruce is out. It’s Steve here.”
to be inside you.” Steve’s hand is oh so gentle as he tests Tony’s entrance, fingertips stirring up arousal as they glance at Tony’s waiting hole.
“Shift to your knees.”
“Come in!”
Everything is ready, he thinks as he peers around his Brooklyn apartment. It’s not what Tony’s used to, but it’s not like they’ll be here permanently.
It was a small victory, as it turns out, before more Chitauri stream from the portal.
Tony takes a deep breath and closes his eyes, the lashes on his face a smudge of brown that looks good on his olive skin. While Tony is not the model omega in behavior, he has the feline grace of an omega, unmistakable for anything else.
“You’re going to bed right now—”
“Ok Tony. Just— No more lies, ok?” Tony was going to try. He really was.
“Yeah, I’ll make that pasta you like. I picked up some shrimp earlier today anyway.” The alpha ruffles her hair a bit as she ducks away from it.
Unlike Steve, Bucky runs his hands up and down Tony’s back, lingering at the sides of his torso and at his hips. Less a rub and more of a caress. The second Tony realizes it, he feels his body lock up. Bucky doesn’t seem to notice as he continues stroking Tony on areas that can be best described as intimate.
“Where are you, Tony? All you should be thinking about is me.” Fingertips graze Tony’s cock and he hitches a breath. Bucky is demanding, not to be ignored. Tony’s body flares with desire that this alpha wants him to submit and allow him to give Tony pleasure. It’s too easy to start purring, a soft rumble emanating from his chest at the very idea that Bucky wants him. Maybe he even wants to mate Tony, take him and open him up on a knot just how Tony imagines Bucky doing.
Slipping on the loafers, he goes out to meet Tony.
Despicable.
He doesn’t make it far. Steve gets one arm, and Bucky is right behind him grabbing the other. He thrashes, but it makes little difference as the alphas press him between their chests, hands everywhere on Tony.
The door to the workshop swings open and Tony’s head swings back with it.
“No, I can’t tell you that,” Iron Man says quietly.
It takes him a little over twenty minutes to finish it, and as he does, he feels centered, calm. Steve goes to bed believing tomorrow will be better.
“It’s ok, it’s just, ok, well, heat prevention was restraint during heat, so omegas couldn’t do anything to—well. Anything. And gland rubbing is normally a thing that alphas do with their omegas to solidify pair bonds, but it’s also something that feels pleasurable to omegas, so to do it as a way to keep them—keep them docile, is repugnant. I mean, aren’t you an alpha? You’re like mid-twenties. You should know some of these things.”
“You know that’s not true. You’re welcome any time,” Tony says.
He takes a second to yank the arrow out and lets it clatter to the concrete. There’s nothing he can say or do, but the fact that Clint in all likelihood intentionally fired on him is a very bad sign that his team takes what happened to Tony as an affront to them. He feels a sense of misplaced guilt. The pressure he’s been experiencing in his work life seems heavier than he deserves. He made a reasonable mistake; he didn’t abuse Tony. He’s not an abuser. Do they think he is? And isn’t he trying to make things right, even if he doesn’t believe in the methods at all? He should get some credit for even allowing Tony to go back to doing whatever it is he wants. He wonders if Natasha is calling him an abuser, though he doesn’t think she’d go that far.
“Rhodes– Rhodes, he won’t let this happen.”
It starts with SHIELD’s training regarding Tony’s security systems. The hardest part is already taken care of: access. Steve lives in the Tower, sees Tony every day, and he’d say that Tony trusts Steve to do what is in his nature to do.
“I make it my business to know everything.”
“Yeah, I get it, thanks.” Rhodey’s tour guide has been a fount of negative comments since they left the station. He gets that the man is right, but this is his best friend they’re talking about. Ever since Tony disappeared a year ago, Rhodey has spent every guilt ridden month coming back to this place to look. He’s not sure what he’s trying to find, but there’s something that tells him that Tony can’t be dead. That he wouldn’t just disappear. Tony has always been larger than life.
“Tony, this is enough. It’s enough to get you taken out of the jaeger program until you prove you have the mental capacity to endure it. This needs to stop. I’m trying to help you.”
Steve acts as though he didn’t hear a word Bucky has said, and Tony chokes a bit as another convulsion of Steve pours more into him.
It had seemed like it, when she’d come in wearing Vera Wang and Louboutins. Almost like a date. He was supposed to have given up on his feelings, but he saw Pepper daily, and sometimes, his loneliness would get conflated with the affection he held for her. Tonight was one of those times, and Tony appreciated Pepper’s delicacy on the matter.
“He wants to be useful, Steve. Don’t underestimate him.” Bucky looks down at Tony and pulls out his fingers from inside Tony to gently pet his face, leaving a wet trail. “I would never let anyone else use you, except who you were comfortable with. But I’d let them watch you get fucked by me, knowing they can’t have you, that you’re my omega. Because you have to know how fucking good you look with a load in you. I’d keep you like that if I could. Wet and used. Filthy and waiting. Like the slut you know you are. My slut.” Bucky’s words are driving Tony up the wall, and his wilted cock is starting to fatten again. Bucky hasn’t even started in with his cock yet. Bucky reinserts his fingers and goes to work once more, leaving Tony to moan and tilt his head back onto Steve’s waiting lap.
“I’ll try, but you know how he is after his ruts.” Steve thinks that Bucky is beginning to understand, even if he doesn’t want to. This is what Tony needs to have happen to him. As an Omega, he’ll be more stable and emotionally even. Once he’s bonded, hopefully to Steve, it’ll alter the dynamic of the Avengers for the better. A bonded Omega is a happy Omega, if they are treated well and loved. Omegas are the heart of a group, and they’ve sorely needed one to provide harmony in their ranks.
“Weird.” He wiped at his face before slotting the mask back into place.
“Nat, please. This isn’t something I went headlong into without being willing to be there for him at the end.”
The suit flies lazily through the air, destination already in mind it seems, as Tony lets it pilot where they’re going. Up ahead, familiar buildings pass by as Tony remembers the damage they sustained from Loki and the Chitauri. It’s all erased now, made new, just like the insults that Tony and Steve had lobbed at each other initially are now paved over with kindness and true compassion for one another. The suit floats down then, amongst all the new development, where the most damage had been, and Tony sees in the distance the Avengers assembled on the ground, waiting.
“Just find the cube.” Steve gives up or ceases caring, and walks away. Tony doesn’t watch the man’s ass when he leaves. No he does not.
Steve catches it and gets up as if to comfort him.
“I don’t know, Bucky. I don’t even know.” He rubs his face into his hands before clearing his throat. Blowing out his breath, he looks off at a point behind Bucky. He feels wrung out from thinking about Tony. He doesn’t know exactly how this is going to come together. It’s all by the seat of his pants, his hopes pinned on Bucky helping him out.
“He’s already on the team, so I can’t help but think that you’re referring to something else. Have you tried asking him?”
“I’m Iron Man. Welcome to the apocalypse.” Steve promptly passes out.
Tony’s metal cock abrades him, plunging in and out of his hole with painful stabs. Tony has his metal hands dug into the globes of Steve’s ass.
Steve watches Tony’s mouth work over his food, eyes locked onto Tony’s face and throat as he chews and swallows. It’s a tender amount of care that Tony has never in his life received. The earnest way he rubs his thumb in a circle on Tony’s thigh as he holds another bite up for Tony drives him into docility. He’s so good in these moments, for Steve. And Steve tells him so, whispering endearments about how good Tony takes all of it, and how Steve is going to take care of him. Tony almost believes it, it’s so real.
When Steve strides out the door, face red with indignation, Tony scrambles up to meet him.
“Well, he’s got that attitude, where he’s so very stubborn. It reminds me of me, I guess. And he’s beautiful. Too handsome for his own good, if you ask me.” He shuffles from foot to foot. If you had asked him where he’d be today, he never would have thought he’d be here. And less than a few weeks ago, he would have insisted that Tony be the ‘ideal’ omega. The type of omega he’s come to realize doesn’t really exist.
But when he gets home, Tony isn’t there. He’s not to be found in his workshop or his bedroom. Steve thinks he’s going to call Pepper when the elevator opens and Tony walks through.
Tony sat down on the bed, and proceeded to remove his socks and shoes. Socks during sex were the most unsexy thing he could think of. He didn’t care that some study had said reaching orgasm was more difficult without socks. His body was going to take care of that for him anyway, he thought with disdain.
“We have the most stringent security protocol, developed by SI, so there’s no reason to believe there will be a breach.” Beta number two said.
“The only kind of public you want to be around.”
The conversation continues as Fury guilt trips him about Rhodey. Blah blah security guidelines blah. And when Natalie hits him with the lithium dioxide, it’s like diving into clear water. His vision brightens and his limbs are suffused with energy. He hardly hears Fury tell him that there’s another way before his gaze is boring into Fury’s with a desperate hope that he prays isn’t reflected on his face.
“Plus ten dick of healing!”
It’s enough. More than enough.
“Yes, I can see that you’ve given it some amount of effort. You’re a good cook, at least. Look, there’s a credit card on the counter up there. Go find me nice soft things. Tomorrow is the charity gala you said you’d attend with me.” Steve’s heart skips a beat as he thinks about getting pillows and blankets for Tony’s nest. Will Tony like what he picks out?
He lays his hand down again, and Tony squirms on his lap, hips pressing into the line of his leg. His hand is stinging from the impact, pins, and needles heating up on the pads of his heel and fingers.
to his groin, the heat sending little shocks up and down his spine, ending at the tip of his cock, which is entirely illogical.
. It rings through his skull, bounces off his heart, reverberates until the ripples become sorrow, and sorrow becomes indignation, and then, rage.
“Well, I don’t have much of a life outside of this myself, so it’s good to hear about other people’s problems.”
“Tony, it’s ok. It’s going to be ok.”
“Hydra. You’re effing joking, yes? Captain America. Is Hydra.” He sees the light of realization that comes into Tony’s eyes. “I could tell them all.” It looks like Tony is glitching out, his eyes rapidly blinking, and the movement of his lips a staccato rhythm.
“I had neighbors. I saw the difference in the demeanors of the ones who had a firm hand versus the ones who didn’t. I know exactly how omegas are.”
So he sticks with the history books that SHIELD has given him, and tries not to watch the clock.
“Miss me Spider Lady and Hawkass?” Steve goes to speak and call out Iron Man for being inappropriate, but Hawkeye laughs and Natasha replies, “I don’t miss that ego of yours.”
“Steve if I’m not sitting on that cock in a minute I’m going to scream so loud.” Steve chuckles and realizes he has already been too cruel, and he lines up his already fattening cock towards Tony’s clenched hole. When his head touches it, it winks invitingly at him, a wash of slick leaking out. Fuck, Tony is ready, and Steve has been holding back from the thing he wants the most for so long.
“Hmm. I’m here, I suppose. I could lend an ear.” Iron Man uncrosses his arms and leaves them loose at his side.
“What’s this about?”  Fury’s desk isn’t immaculate. Every other place in the compound is a marvel of architecture, defying expectations of small, cramped offices that Steve has seen. He’s not sure what he expected, but he does realize that Fury is a busy man. Busy enough that he might not be ahead on all of his work that’s overflowing his desk.
There’s no space or time to scream. No empty void where Tony gets even a second to contemplate what’s next before Steve is torn, wrenched from his bearings, and sucked out into the empty air, the rain.
The people there are kind, gesturing for them to take it easy, that they’ll take care of everything. And they do.
“You can’t leave. You know as well as I that you just hit rut.” Tony stepped closer, unsure of what his own intentions were. Steve bloomed, his body leaning forward and his scent changed to something hopeful, something
But as if summoned, Steve appears in the hallway, arms crossed and looking furious.
“Are you sure this meeting is right? 8 am?” There were mornings, and then there was Pepper, bright and early at post-sunrise o’clock. His groan into the phone would have been theatrical but for the fact that he’d only gone to bed, no, sleep, a few hours ago. Maybe.
“Yes, here we are. So you manage Tony’s work life?”
Like a beautiful flame, Steve draws him inside, Tony stumbling and falling over himself to follow. He’s never been so klutzy, but something about this moment makes his limbs feel like they don’t belong to him, like he’s floating around without anchors to this world.
He smoothly presses between people to get to where Tony is, brushing shoulders and forcing a path open for himself. His hearing is sharp, and he catches the drift of the conversation before he arrives.
Steve enters him in one long stroke, pressing and pressing until he’s seated fully into Tony’s sweet, pink hole. It astounds Steve how Tony can take all of him, his cock being as thick as it is. He feels like he’s hardly in control of himself at the moment, and he pulls out and slams into Tony with a grunt.
“Phil—?” Tony said, surprised at the familiarity. He’s either having Pepper field too many of his calls, or not enough if she still is on friendly terms with any operative at SHIELD.
One step, then another.
So he suppresses, like he’s good at, and flattens his front against the couch, stilling his reflexive urge to rut against it. It takes a good ten minutes, but then Tony drifts off, waking up with a blanket over his back and the automatic lights of the shop dim from lack of movement.
“Let’s start with a floor. I’ll stay here and watch Clint.” Natasha’s eyes haven’t left the prone form of Clint on the bed, who is breathing steadily in and out, wounds looking infected but better than the fresh and nasty bleeding cuts he’d had before. Steve is more than happy to help if it’s his blood that can save people. He’s never been as useful as he is now, and it warms him, gives him hope that this world will contain more than survival and the pain of loss.
“Yes. Tony does a lot of things.” Natasha taps her fingers on the desk in front of her and shifts in her seat.
Steve nods anyway.
“Zombies, you say.”
“Before you ask, no, Dr. Cho hasn’t gotten back to me, and I don’t know when I’ll be able to get these things off my back.” Tony reached around his torso and tried to smooth the feathers down into some semblance of order.
. Not nearly enough.
“No. You’re trying to help Fury. He doesn’t want his precious drift-compatible pilots spouting off all sorts of nonsense.”
Loki couldn’t possibly have gotten this army on his own. There are greater powers behind it. Something the earth has never seen. What is the Tesseract that it generates such power to break the fabric of space? For once, Tony kind of doesn’t want to know.
Avengers movie time! This is about half of the movie's worth of stuff. I wrote this stuff when I didn't know much about narrative arcs and things, so forgive me. Lol.
So he flips Tony over onto his back, lifting his Omega with ease and settling him back into the softest materials he could find. Tony’s hand lazily moves to cover his cock, the other scraping at Steve’s chest.
No one notices that he can see, and he thinks that this might be doable for the long-term. Once he’s done with his dish, he pays, grabs the bag, and makes his way to the tower.
Fury looks at him for a second, a fleeting, bleeding edge second where Tony thinks that finally,
That leaves Nat and Steve, and it goes without saying that he’s very much not interested in her company. In fact, he would love to take their debate to the gym where he can get rid of this feral, cold energy that tells him he should have had his hands around her neck the minute she walked into the room.
“A stable Tony Stark and Iron Man.”
“I think you know that’s not true Tony. You dodged the spell. And as for authority, I’m usually the one who stands in your way. The one who undermines that authority, every time.” Steve takes a step closer, as Tony steps back on reflex. He must have just realized that he’d done so because Tony then steps forward back into Steve’s space in an attempt to reclaim control. They’re dancing now, using their words to cut at one another, to see where the flesh might part.
It feels good. It shouldn’t. Tony should hate this, but he had to give ole Cap some credit for knowing how to dominate and calm an uppity O. He can feel himself grow steadier despite his mind’s protests to the contrary. He longs to acquiesce, to not fight the reasonable proposal Steve is giving him. Why did it have to be that the Captain could make him so rationally irrational? Even on the field, Tony knows that sometimes he’s impudent, as the matchmaking service had said. And the matchmaking service he’d initially requested were even more right when they said he only did it to prove that the Alpha in question was worthy. That he’d stop, if proof were definitive. But worse, and more deeply, he won’t stop antagonizing Steve, because if he did, he’d have to obey. And if he obeyed, made himself open to a friendship with Steve, he wouldn’t be able to stand the rejection that would ensue. Much less if he attempted to be with Cap romantically, and found out the guy just pitied him.
“No, no, no, please, I won’t! I can’t decide. Both of you are so—what am I supposed to do?!” Tony’s omega side wants to appease each alpha, but it’s impossible, because he can’t belong wholly to either of them like they want, and he starts to cry, an omega placation gesture that he wishes he could control. He rubs at his tears, wishing fiercely that they’d go away.
And Steve.
“It’s nothing. You can go back to bed.” Steve keeps his voice soft.
“Are you actually accusing me of cheating on you?”
But Tony can’t have chosen this. Tony couldn’t intentionally go into false heat.
Do you even know who you are, Cap?
With that, Bucky steps back and walks out of the gym, leaving Tony to open the letter in private. The exchange feels a bit off, like there’s a piece of a puzzle that Tony is missing. Regardless, Tony is determined to experience what Steve has prepared next for Tony, a prick of neediness demanding reassurance in the back of his mind. The letter unfurls in his hand.
Steve shifts then, his head towards Tony’s feet and vice versa. In front of him is a clothed Tony, erection straining at the fabric. He relieves him, unzipping and pulling down his pants as Tony’s cock springs up near his face. It’s also a nice shade of pink, and Steve nuzzles at the base of it, tongue darting out to lick at Tony’s balls underneath.
Tony has a burst of fear at being held down and he instinctively struggles. Steve, equally reflexive, presses down on Tony to prevent escape. Smartly, Steve had also hooked his legs over Tony’s heels, prepared for the kicks that Tony would have delivered, if he’d been quick on the uptake. As it stands, he loathes the lack of control even as his body screams that Steve has the right of it.
Pepper is incandescent when he finally finds his way inside and stares accusingly at his drink, which he takes a healthy gulp from just to spite her.
“You don’t need to invade SHIELD’s privacy to know what to do. It’s obvious what he’s doing. He’s trying to wind us up. This is a man who means to start a war, and if we don’t stay focused, he’ll succeed. We have orders, we should follow them, and in doing so, we’ll maintain the upper hand here.” Sounds like an argument from a grade-A ass kisser. It’s clear that the good Captain has never been on the receiving end of how systems inevitably and inherently betray people. No matter the good intentions of those running them. And Fury isn’t even in the same category as good or well-meaning.
“Hey, stop scheming. I’m not getting together with whoever it is. It’s just sex and that’s it. Now can I get a drink?” They were still looking at each other, eyes all faux innocence and things they thought they knew about Tony.
“Then we’ll pay him a visit.” Steve is willing to indulge a lot, since it’s Tony.
“You did excellent work, Stark.” The Captain goes out of his way deliberately to tell Tony he did a good job. As if he can make up for every other thing outside of their working relationship. But Tony can see that Steve isn’t all the way there, that he’s just doing this by rote. And Tony hates false platitudes. He already lives in a world of materialism and fakery.
“Cap, I think you’re my absolute favorite. Don’t tell Nat though, or she might stab me again.” Tony is curled around the mug Steve handed him, elbows propped on the counter as he hovers over the steaming rim, breathing in with eyes closed. Steve rounds the island, skirting behind Tony and leaning over behind him to open a cabinet that contains a large bowl for whipping up pancakes. Now, Steve doesn’t need this bowl, but he does want to check and see how Tony reacts to his body.
“I agree, but I’m not going to fight Fury over it. We need to focus on the task at hand. Where’s Iron Man?” Tony blows air out of his nose, frustrated that Cap is correct on all counts. The man who came out of the ice is different from the man who lived in the world’s history, than Howard’s Captain America.
With renewed determination, Tony tumbles to the ground and aims for Bucky’s legs. Steve has always said that the best way to win a fight is to be unpredictable, and so far Tony has managed to floor Steve once with this particular maneuver. It’s a toss up as to if Steve actually had been caught off guard or if he hadn’t wanted to hurt Tony by stepping on him and instead had chosen to fall.
It’s his heat speaking to him. The clarity of his and Steve’s orgasm begins to defog him, and he remembers what he is.
“I am very real. I’m the real-est person you’re ever gonna meet. The question is, are you real?” Fury leaned forward as he spoke, so certain of his existence as a persistent thing. If Tony didn’t have the only AI in the world, he could have sworn that the Director was a type of AI himself. Creepy and all-knowing.
“There was a child. It wouldn’t come to him, to Tony, in the suit. He only exposed his arm! Just his fucking arm and one of those things launched itself at him from the shadows. And when Tony enclosed the armor back up over it to get it off, it was too late. He’d been bitten. We tried with the child—we tried…” Natasha trailed off. He didn’t need to hear the rest of that sentence.
He considers again whether this is the right path.
“That’s what I said. God, why are you so boring? I go into screensaver mode like every time you talk.”
them should they ever be divorced, given that omegas were heavily discriminated against. Half of SI would be Steve’s by default, a law meant to help becoming a yolk.
It’s not fair.
The two men are silent for a moment, a wordless conversation passing between them.
“Whatever I need? I do like the sound of that. Ok, model your suit for me. We can deal with this stuff in a bit.”
“You think so?”
Rhodes comes out of the suit then, the metal unfolding like a flower as the man steps out with fist raised. When the blow hits, Steve realizes Rhodes put on brass knuckles. He takes it, willingly. Of all the things he signed up for when he mated Tony, this was the one he knew would be violent, a reckoning.
“Yes. Well, um. I’ve had some trouble adjusting. And I got married. I guess, I guess that’s why I’m here.”
Tony checks the thermostat from the wrist-band key that the hotel provided, and notes that the temperature should be normal. So why is he so hot? He throws his underwear back on so he doesn’t scare Steve and puts a hand to his head.
“Maybe.” He wasn’t. He was an alpha. That’s what he is.
This is so fucking creepy. He doesn’t want to be here. He should have stayed home.
But, he knows he should talk to Tony. Tell him his theory. Though if he does, and Tony says no, what then? Steve can’t tolerate failure, and he’s fixated onto this idea now. It’s not even for Steve; it’s for Tony’s sake.
Steve leans over and gently kisses Tony’s pliant, willing mouth. Everyone will know that Tony was with Steve during his heat. The scent will carry with Tony wherever he goes, and it’s a comfort to Steve, that Tony will smell like him. More, it’s outright possessiveness at the thought of everyone knowing that Tony rode
“This was for you. You were such a good boy.” The words cause Tony to shudder. He’s never been a good boy, not like that, and he
“It’s a brave new world out there. Why not try something new?” Iron Man tilts his head consideringly.
“That’s totally fine with me.”
Tony bolts.
Oh no.
“That’s–that’s good. It’s good to know. I’m going to get back to work sweetcheeks. I’ll see you when I see you?” Tony is all false smiles now, and Steve isn’t quite sure what’s happened, but he thinks Tony is realizing what’s on offer. That he can ould have Steve as more than just another Alpha friend. Given Tony’s withdrawal, Steve wants nothing more than to comfort him. But he can’t push, so he gives Tony a nod, and leaves the man to his thoughts, hoping to see him tomorrow.
“Whatever you say Tones.” Bruce finished filling up his mug, taking a long sip while eyeing up the feathery goods on Tony’s back as if they’re entertainment, and at any moment they might break out into song and dance. Which was not far from the truth, when it came to certain people.
“I’ve always loved you Tony. Really, I have,” Steve says as he slows his pace, gliding steadily in and out of Tony. “I just couldn’t hold it back anymore. Not with you, like this. I said I never intended to hurt you by not telling you about your parents, but I can’t help myself with you. It wasn’t enough to watch the world cause you pain anymore. I had to do it. It had to be me. I said I didn’t want to hurt you, but I lied. I want to want not to hurt you. But I can’t stop.”
“Nothing to worry about babe. I’m more concerned about
“And why would I let you in my house, Captain?”
Nothing, nada. He’d gone through twenty shirts in two minutes. Plastic and t-shirts littered the table, and as he got up, he hoped that his people wouldn’t be left cleaning up this tragic mess. It smelled like those times in college, where they’d combine condiments with ramen to see if it tasted good. Hardly surprising that it never worked.
Tony lets a moan escape his pretty mouth, low, exhaling everything out as Steve slides inside of him. Steve’s knot is beginning to swell, the redness of it evident as Steve looks down to where he’s joined with Tony. This won’t last long, and that’s good, because Tony’s words are a burble now, spit leaking from his mouth as he takes Steve in long, hard strokes.
Even when he was in the 40s, Steve had never made plans to settle down with an omega. A  beta, like Peggy Carter, yes. But there was never an option at the time to attain an omega. Not that he would have wanted one. He still doesn’t. He misses home, and an omega represents everything that’s out of place with this world: moral decay and decadence that’s insidious. In even having an omega, it’s as if the circumstance is bringing all the wretched feeling of what Steve’s lost along with it.
“Let me help you relax. I want to do something for you.” Those words ignite something in Tony, and he fleetingly thinks of Bucky before he pushes that thought away and
“There’s got to be something–” Bruce looks helpless, and Steve does feel bad for him. It’s quite a shock, what he’s done. But it’s legal, and it was and remains a good idea. Tony has been so pliant and sweet after. Eating without resistance when Steve feeds him, no nightmares in the one night Steve has had him, and he’s been so beautifully receptive to Steve. It makes him hungry just thinking about it.
But there’s something about an empty nest that gets to Tony.
“Fine. But my point is proven. I found Steve in the drift. I didn’t die because Steve is always with me.”
He can’t be thinking about this. About Tony.
“Nah it’s not surprising, I get it, you don’t have to make any excuses.” Her face transforms at his words, and she moves forward to contradict him.
it. He wants to be Bucky’s good boy.
It feels like a cruel game where the hottest men that he has a crush on accost him for intimacy, one-upping the other each time they encounter Tony.
Steve spits into his own hand this time and twirls it around the head of his cock before pinching the head to aim itself at Tony’s hole. It’s puffy and winking at him now, and he presses himself to it, slipping past the tight circle of muscle before he’s in Tony, finally. Tony is groaning and squeezing him, his hands pulling his knees back to open himself even more to the assault that Steve is starting to make on him.
“So there’s no hope?” Steve asks.
Get out, get out, get out!
He’s so fucking dead. And he’s going to die pantsless in this forest. They’re going to find his body half eaten somewhere and that’ll be the end of Tony Stark.
“As a team.” Cap is a walking advertisement for those camps where you do trust falls. It makes him vomit in his mouth a little, because it’s not like the Captain would be caught dead catching Tony. Tony wonders if the Captain ever thinks about how it wasn’t that long ago he was in the war fighting nazis, and now, now he’s here, saving the world, again. From freaking aliens. Tony feels a burst of admiration for the fact that the Captain hasn’t lost his shit over all the changes he’s endured. Nope, he’s only turned into a giant asshole instead.
. There’s a part of him looking up to the challenge of breaking Tony in. It seems no one has done it for him before, and there’s a certain pride to think that what will come out on the other side will be as close to perfection as an omega can get with the past life Tony has led.
Tony fidgets, bright-eyed, and the suit
“I know you do. Time to put it to good use.” Tony hooks his fingers over his boxers and Steve tenses. What he wants is Tony naked for him. He’ll settle for this, happily.
Bucky. He’s never chosen Tony.
“Well, what did you do?”
“Um, are you propositioning me? Is Captain fucking America proposing that we do—whatever it is we do—together? I’m not a boy scout-like you Cap. I don’t know what you honestly expect from me. I could end you, right now you know.” Steve raises his glass to Tony.
Steve has him close to the precipice now, the only reason he hasn’t come sooner being that he’s already given it up to Steve several times now. It’ll be a nice, tight, dry orgasm, all of his cum already wrung out of him by Steve. Some of which the man had swallowed earlier, when Tony’s ass hadn’t been as needy.
It’s forgivable that the Captain doesn’t realize that no one cares about blaspheming anymore.
His exquisite Tony is shivering, and Steve wraps him in the largest towel he has, lightly rubbing Tony down and stimulating his body to produce warmth.
Tony is off like a shot, stepping into the bedroom with expectant glee, and then freezes as blood rushes to his cheeks as the scent of Steve’s come fills the air.
“You are the worst thing that has ever happened to me, and I’ve had some really terrible things happen. So that’s saying a lot. Do you think I’m just going to roll over and let you manage my life? I have people I pay to do that, and they are not you.” Tony jerks his head back and shoots Steve an undecipherable expression, but one that has notes of resignation and anger.
Tony sits upright in his chair, eyes gleaming with intention as he lays his palms on his knees, looking like he’s preparing for battle.
“I’ll do anything,” Steve chokes out.
“Tony, you’re mine now. Now and all of your heats after, you’re mine. My Omega. Mine.”
“Nothing you say is stupid. Come on, you can be honest with me.”
“Damnit.” Steve paces around the side of the bed, remembering what it was like to be sick to the point of fever. But this is something else.
“I do care. Why would you think I don’t?”
Tony is more cognizant than he’s been in days, but he’s still underneath Steve as Steve undulates and presses deep into him.
The wolf keeps staring at him, its eyes lit up under the gibbous moon, which has just come out to crest the top of the mountains.
“Hey! Stop that now. If that thing can contain the Hulk, it can certainly contain Steve ‘punch things as a solution’ Rogers.” The man on the other side is fiddling at a terminal, eyes not on Steve at all, and it’s as infuriating as it is insulting. As if he doesn’t expect that Steve could escape if he truly wanted.
“Can you hear anything?” Tony said, ignoring Steve.
It’s not long after, as Bucky rubs at his prostate with singular determination, that Tony comes, his cock twitching out stream after stream of spend all over the wall and his thighs.
He was burning up now, sweat coursing down his neck. Proximity to a virile alpha would do that. Make you available, make you
“Yeah, it’s hard when two people who have an otherwise perfect relationship fucking hate each other. Though I guess I didn’t tell you about the helicarrier, did I?” He proceeds to do so while Pepper listens sympathetically.
“Oh yes, we’re at the part where the forces of evil conspire to destroy my life. I, Tony, take thee, Steve, to be my wedded husband, to apparently have and to hold from this day forward, for worse, and much worse, for richer, never poorer, to stay away in both times of in sickness and in health, to supposedly
“You know what Steve, I don’t really care. Just answer my question.”
“You can’t be serious Tony! I won’t stick around while you do this!”
“Steve, please take me. I’m yours.” Tony’s body is shuddering against him, battering at the windows like a storm.
“If I had known any different, I swear I wouldn’t have done most of the things I’ve done.”
“Tell me.”
“I never knew what it was like. I was too sick for heats, so I never had to marry or spend them alone. My mom kept me sheltered. I see that now. I never talked to the other omegas. I wasn’t like them.”
Keeping track of other battles is also part of what he considers his job. He’s there for aerial support. For rescue. He watches Thor take out whale after whale. The Hulk crushes through buildings, launching himself at every target he sees. Loki gets blown out of the sky, and Tony is not sure where he lands until he sees Bruce jump in after him.
It feels feverish, and Tony’s gut sinks like a ship with lead in it.
“As a highly specialized genius, I spend a lot of time trying to advance the frontiers of human knowledge. However, as someone who was born in New York, I secretly believe that true progress is a fantasy and that I need to prepare for the end times. So yes, hackers are gonna hack, and get the real low-down on what’s going on. Because not doing so will probably let Rock of Ages win and we’ll probably end up hogtied in the man’s dungeon.”
“Ah, that’s good. I knew you’d feel like heaven.”
There’s something just out of reach, outside of time—he stretches his mind—
“Steve, I can’t—I can’t—”
“Do you know how many times you’ve alluded to that now, Cap?” Tony said, facetious.
“I don’t think you will. But remember what I said. Okay?” Iron Man’s thrusters turn on and he starts to hover off the ground.
Finally, he does, and Steve mercifully rubs Tony’s face where he clenched him, hoping that he doesn’t bruise too deeply.
“Fine. You know what? You can order in tonight, but we’re taking care of your finances this evening and you’re also going to learn how to cook eventually. Clear?”
Pepper and Rhodey shared a look that he did not like at all.
Steve sips at his drink to hide the curling of his lips at Tony’s stunned face. The symbiote starts to reach for Steve, tentatively, and Steve sticks out his other hand to receive the cool metal touch. Tony’s eyes are fixed on the interaction, his jaw slightly dropped and his tongue frozen in his mouth. Steve twines his fingers around the liquid metal, caressing the soft surface. It’s not cold like the ice. It’s smooth, as sleek as sheets on a cool autumn night. It glances along his skin, silky and sly.
It undoes Tony.
“Well. I had nothing to lose. I’m twenty one now, and I got out a half year ago. Thankfully the alpha isn’t contesting the divorce. I guess he loses interest in them when they’re past pubescent age. He has another betrothal that he purchased that he wants to make good on. They’re commodities you know. There’s about three years worth of betrothals left before they’re all gone and done. Alphas like to buy and sell them.”
A nest-maker. A home-maker. But of the interior of Tony.
Steve leaves, wondering if he’s ever going to be ok not being with Tony Stark.
Tony squirms on the bed but stops himself from playing with the plug. With a thought, the implants in his brain respond to his desire, and the suit leaves the tower to meet Tony.
Clint just keeps on walking. Steve turns and looks behind him to see the other man stride away with determination.
It bounces
“It’s nothing.” He tightens the blankets around them as he burrows into his pillow.
“What do you want Tony? I’ll give you anything.” Tony cracks a smile, oozing confidence and charm. His legs are knee to knee, but he spreads them now, revealing his cock laying gently on his belly and his balls resting pert underneath. Steve can see the shadow of Tony’s crack, but nothing more.
“He’s not giving me a chance Natasha. After his heat is done, he said he’s done with me. This is all I get. But it’s fine. It’s going to be ok, because if this is it, I’ll make sure it’s good for him.” Steve wrings his hands together and then crosses his arms.
Steve would never stop Tony from working. Never take his money. But he sees how his limiting Tony has been just one form of mishandling.
God. Tony tastes so good, he wants to go down between his cheeks and lap at him. Clean him from top to bottom with his tongue. But he respects the distance between them and pulls up to lay beside Tony, opening his arms for the omega to fall into.
“I’d say call me any time, but secret identity and all. Later!” Iron Man takes off then, swooping through the sky and soon becoming a little speck.
“Steve?” Quiet, lost, Natasha barely hears Tony’s voice above the murmuring that’s rising throughout the room.
“And you’ll get your cube back, no muss, no fuss.” Tony pokes and prods before spinning the screen to face Fury. “What’s phase 2?” Which is when Steve walks in and steals his thunder by slamming a bizarre looking assault rifle on the table. He looks pissed, and Tony has to give the man some credit for doing work to find out on his own that Tony was right, although he’s not likely to give Tony the satisfaction of having been right in the first place. Alphas. Can’t be shown up by Omegas, no siree.
“Gonna take such good care of you. You’ll never go unfucked. I’ll have you day and night until you’re begging me to stop when you’re not pleading for my knot.” Bucky slams his hips hard into Tony’s, and Tony yelps. He’s fully hard now, his cock aching for more release. Release that Bucky will surely grant him. He’s been so generous otherwise.
After it’s over, the justice leaves the room, and the certificate of their marriage is laying on the table. Tony looks at it, impassive, as Steve waits for him to turn and pay attention.
“Don’t you want to know more about Brenna and Colleen?” He asks.
This is a critical moment. The beginning of everything that is to come. Effects should come slowly, a submissive gesture here and a subtle softening of Tony’s sharp angles there. Steve thinks of how beautiful Tony will look when he fills out. Tony hasn’t been eating enough, but as an Omega, he’ll be more apt to accept the care he needs. Steve is going to feed him until the anemic look of his frame goes away and is replaced by something lean but soft.
“Sleep,” Tony confirms.
He trods down to the workshop, where sure enough, Tony is still there in the same clothes as yesterday. He’s not quite at 24 hours without sleep, but he’s getting close. Steve decides to order food in for them, and he calls a pizza place nearby, using his SHIELD issued card over the phone to pay for the order.
“Tony has been given care to ensure he doesn’t end up back where he started?”
“—or wreck the whole company.” She gestures at the empty air, eyes blinking rapidly. He thinks she’s holding back more tears, or perhaps anger at Tony’s failure.
“Don’t you have any self-respect? You know you shouldn’t be drinking. You’re going to regret that.”
“I respect your brevity. It’s almost threatening, Fury. Put on your running shoes and get to the point.”
“Find a different alpha to feed me like I deserve.”
“What? Ok, I—oh.
Seventy-two hours.
“Tony—”
“They were mediocre, of all the -ocres, they were the medi-est.” Yesterday had been a hassle with the meeting. A waste of time, when he had so little. The space between each pill of the suppressants he needed to take was ever-shrinking. In testing the new suppressants he’d been working on when his arc reactor research hit a brick wall, Tony had given himself another month or two before he would have to dose high enough to permanently damage his uterus. Maybe he could take the damn thing out, but even without the uterus, that still left him with heats. Unlike beta biology, removing reproductive organs of Omegas didn’t stop their heats. They dampened them, but Omegas were doomed to have to spend at least a heat a year with an alpha to maintain adequate health.
Rhodey had said there were no large predators out here. Not even black bears, and those fuckers are the raccoons of the large predator world.
“No, see, I’m the only one who is going to get drunk at any point today. As drunk as whoever it was when they decided all this was a good idea, because it certainly wasn’t just you who put this party together.” He gestures at the ruined living room of the penthouse.
Tony feels wrecked. Ruined for any other sex or orgasms. He’d never cum so hard from tip to base in his life. No toy or other human being had given him such intensity. He wants to keep Steve forever.
“Well, I suppose it never would have worked out. I’d have to upgrade from Louboutins to Stewart Weitzman’s if you stay as my CEO?”
“Stop it. Just stop. It doesn’t matter how I feel. I won’t take advantage of you.” Tony backs off, slowly, stepping backward and to the side. Steve trembles with relief, his cock pressing so hard against the seam of his pants, he might burst.
“That was quite the journey. I followed every instruction. Wasn’t I good?”
Dr. Geiszler is gesticulating wildly, pointing at equations and other scribblings on his board as Fury glares at the two of them.
“I don’t know. I haven’t thought about it.”
’s and a mantra of
“He just got a chunk of my hair, that’s all,” Pepper whispered.
“Later, if you want to get tears on my shirt, I’ll let you.” Steve sits down where Aldrich was and rubs his glands on the arms of the chair, scenting it as Steve’s. His husband does everything right. It helps ease everything. He’s overwhelmed with how grateful he is, how maybe some other alpha would be agitated having their life guided by their omega, but Tony, he’s built for it. He’s built for love like this. Without Steve, there would be no home to defend, no reason for the work. He’d have let things like Sunset and Ty consume him a long time ago. Steve is the only reason he can now take those difficult things and try to bury them. Even if they still sting.
Almost immediately, he’s met with blasts from Chitauri weapons as they converge on his position. They slam him to the concrete again, and he rolls around to dodge more blasts.
“You and me baby, we’re the future.” Tony’s lips curve up into a sly smile after he speaks, and he tilts his head in askance before he latches onto Steve’s lips like he’s parched for them. Tony kisses like there’s no need to breathe, lips and tongue working over Steve’s mouth. Invigorated by the destruction around them, Steve takes it all in, letting Tony plumb the depths of him, letting him possess Steve. He wants Tony to crawl inside of him and make a dark, tender nest there.
When he enters the room, Nat isn’t there, but in her place is quite an old woman. He looks around to make sure he entered the right room.
“Understand this Tony, you said yes. As team leader, I cannot, will not, let you die. I know I’m not as clever as you, but I’m no fool. They showed me the papers that say you can’t go on with your suppressants. Let me do this for you. After, they’ll make us forget it ever happened.” Steve says, sounding unfairly reasonable. Which is enough for Tony to not listen at all.
It’s a testament to Tony’s strength that he struggles to imagine Tony here. Tony has always been defiant, rebellious. Once he wanted to curb that. Now he thinks that he rather likes how Tony always stands up for himself, no matter what. It’s admirable.
“That’s not—we can’t—discussing this is crude, isn’t it?”
“I, Tony, take thee, Steve, to be my wedded husband,” the justice repeats.
it? Is it important? Oh, no. Is it—
“Yes,” he whispers, afraid to break the agreement between them by even mentioning it.
“I called him around the same time as you. He should be—” Widow’s pig goes down in a blaze of white light, and Steve hears the hum of the thrusters above his head. Really, they should have just sent Iron Man to take care of this, rather than have the whole team here.
Steve resolves to try and talk to him after they deal with whatever enemy is out there.
“Despite what you may think of me, I would never do it like this if you weren’t dying.” This. Tony, being this. Yeah, he knows all about how Captain America would never
“If it’s all the same to you, I’ll have that drink now,” Loki says.
Steve is rubbing Tony’s head and shoulders, reminding him not to forget the other man as Bucky pounds into him with vicious abandon.
What they couldn’t do, is reverse engineer the code or the reactor, especially. Except Vanko. He probably could have.
The man, who is a Norse god called Thor, which Tony would think is some kind of SHIELD conspiracy except for the existence of his brother, Raging Bull, offers to take Loki to the Helicarrier, following the trail of the Quinjet. The Captain agrees and then looks at Tony after Thor flies off with his brother in tow.
Tony finds himself inside of Steve, scrabbling for the grounding he lost earlier in the evening. It comes on a wave of orgasm, his hands gnarled with possessive grip in Steve’s hands as he knots his omega, his Steve.
“I never did do the stabilizers.” Tony admits in the quiet moment after he finishes his food.
she seems to say. “Otherwise we could give him an article of clothing of yours that’s scented, but he doesn’t want that either. I know what the law says, but I ask that you respect his decision here.”
“I’m sorry about everything. I won’t try and hurt Bucky. I’ll do anything, I’ll blow you right now, anything Steve, please!” Tony is frantic now, and he tries to pull away from Steve’s savage thrusting. Yet he knows it won’t be effective. Steve is so many times stronger than him, it’s completely futile. But he has to try.
is not capable of lifting them up on its own power, but instead starts attempting to peel away their layers with its undignified scratching.
“Four. Thank you.” When Steve does it again, this time Tony presses hard on his leg with his hips, and through the fabric, Steve can feel that the omega is becoming erect.
Not that he should ever date his teammates. That would be… bad.
with a fucking plug up his ass, Captain America’s shield peeking out from between his cheeks. Fuck.
“For now, we want you on standby with our other operatives. You’ll be working primarily with the Black Widow and Hawkeye, our operatives, as well as Iron Man on a contingency basis. Given your current association with Tony Stark, we’re of a mind to keep you at home more often than not,,” Hill continues.
Peggy is a distant memory, but the loss of control over his fate with her lingers. He’s over her, but he’s not over the helplessness. Helping Bucky fix that yawning need inside him to make things right. But now there’s no Winter Soldier to hunt, and finally, Bucky is starting to act like his old self again. This is supposed to be the life he’d bargained for, lied to Tony for. What more is there? There must be something.
Which is when Nicky has to walk in and spoil everything.
Steve leads him down the hall, straight to his bedroom door. If there was a point where Tony should balk, it’s right here, but he follows Steve into the room, letting his wings squeeze in behind him without an iota of grace.
Tony is staring at the stove, wearing thin sweatpants and a holey shirt. He rubs the sleep out of his eyes and keeps staring. Steve moves to bring a pan down from the hanging rack and places it on the stove, gesturing for Tony to step up.
“What?” What could possibly be more important than the continued safety of Steve and as such the happiness of Tony?
There’s a desperate moment where he thinks he won’t reach her in time, and the thought of that failure almost crushes him but for the anguished hope that he’s not too late.
“You might be a better man than expected, Steve. Keep this up, and Clint won’t even try to shoot you anymore.” Natasha glances at him, her red hair brushing her shoulder as she shakes her head.
Tony is tucking the pillows against the wall when he gets back, and Steve unbundles the blankets to help. Tony snatches a large one and lays it down on the pad, tucking the edges into the sides under the pillow and smoothing out the surface. The base is one of the cotton ones, the four thousand thread count.
“Tony! Who’s your friend?” And like that, Steve is there, his golden blond head a counterpoint to the rusty blond streaks in Ty’s hair. Bigger than most alphas, Steve intimidates. He makes other alphas ill at ease. Ty is not immune, and the man takes a step back, removing his arm from Tony, before doing the polite thing and shaking Steve’s hand. Steve, who knows very well who Ty is, beams at him with his best politick smile and shakes the hand.
something about it.
When he’s tossed to the ground, he’s almost a goner when the hammer comes down right after. He gets away, however, and flies back around to exchange some more punches with Shakespeare in the park.
“This one. What does it come in?” Natasha is silent beside him, letting him run the show.
“Look, I don’t know where you get off doing all this, but I don’t
Tony stands in the shower, counting his Fibonacci sequence tiles that he had custom laid into the walls. He wishes it were the gala tonight that’s making him anxious, but he’s consumed with thoughts about his impending heat. He’s worked most of the day, blasting music and generally banging loudly at his equipment. The silence is unnerving to him, so he avoids it, and with it, any self examination.
“Don’t distract me Captain.” Tony veers away, eyes crinkled with good humor and a sultry little smile creeping into the corners of his mouth.
The day passes slowly after Tony’s bath, Tony waking up every few hours to climb Steve and be knotted. Steve isn’t nearly as tired as a regular alpha would be, the serum keeping him going for hours. He’s in a state of perpetual arousal, his cock leaking and hard as it waits for Tony’s body. He loves every second of it. The feeling of being useful, of being wanted and needed. He doesn’t need anyone to tell him that these are alpha instincts and that they’re good and right. So much of what he understood an alpha to be has changed just by the very fact of Tony being an omega. He’s meant to provide, protect, and love his omega unequivocally. Anything that doesn’t follow from those instincts is to be questioned.
“Besides their sexual organs, what makes that true?”
“Yeah, so?” Tony says.
“If you want to take care of him, let him make that decision.”
“Hmm. Evasive answer, but fine. Let’s get this nest settled, shall we?” Tony hefts up a bag of pillows and drags another to his room. Steve grabs the pad, which is a lot heavier and follows behind.
“He just needs fluids. He’s refused treatment suggestions for the heat, but that should square itself away anyway.”
Steve feels a sudden rush of too much similarity between himself and Angela’s husband. No, Steve never intended nor intends to make Tony bear his children, but the idea that Angela, who seemed to be a hardworking omega with a good head on her shoulders, had her money and job taken upsets him. Tony makes more than he does, he knows that, but Steve controls his birth control. He remembers signing the sheets that allowed it when he signed the contract, but he hasn’t thought about it since. There’s something wrong with how these laws put Steve in charge of Tony’s body. Steve has decided to stop controlling so much of what Tony does, but it hadn’t occurred to him that an alpha could choose to keep doing that, no matter what the results were. And that feels as wrong as spanking Tony had been.
“What’s the plan now?” Steve doesn’t bat an eyelash at Tony’s nickname, and that makes him even more worried. Just because they fought a battle together and won, does not make them friends. Rogers had seen to that already. And yeah, for sure Tony would like it to be different, yet he also wanted his very own low aspect ratio spherical tokamak so he could study plasma when he was ten, but we don’t always get what we want from Santa.
“Already?”
“Alpha?” Tony
“Good. So in your benevolence, why haven’t you had his friends over?”
But these were all tomorrow’s problems anyway, and Tony just loved kicking cans.
“At the expense of your life? That’s plain nuts Tony! If you can’t follow basic instructions—”
“No, but I’d like it.”
His hand comes down again, and he curves his hand just so to leave a red mark on Tony’s flesh.
“They’re looking. They’re looking, we promise.”
” Steve presses in with one finger up to the last knuckle, before twisting it out again. He plunges it in once again, catching the rim on his way out and in. He loves watching Tony suck him in, his hole greedy and wanting.
He can’t see the fire anymore, and he isn’t exactly sure of where he is, but he knows it’s deep into the forest.
Steve is a flurry of kicks and punches, hands and bare feet becoming as bloody as the mass around him, but it’s not enough. They go for his legs, his shoulders, everywhere. There’s only so fast he can move, and he doesn’t have his shield.
They lay on the ground for a while, Steve curled around Tony, knot heavy inside him. Neither of them says anything; there’s no need.
“I don’t think he wants to be left alone.” There’s a smug little smirk on Bucky’s face as he stares Steve down, and Steve’s nostrils flare as he grimaces.
The only time he’d ever lived with roommates like this was with Rhodey in college, and it kind of brings him back. It’s easy at that point to convert the penthouse area into a common space for everyone. The gym is already set up on the floor below this one, and it’s Iron Man proof, which means it will be Cap proof as well.
“Yeah, no. I’m not your attack dog. There’s likely nothing you can say that will convince me this is a good bargain. Why do I care about the world and all the people in it, anyway?” Tony slams his drink down, sloshing liquid over the sides.
“Yes, but—” Tony sputters, exasperated and so confused.
“Banner?” Tony rolls his eyes. Clearly, Cap is not well versed in the ways of the Hulk. Tragic.
“I don’t think you will.”
forever.
“So did you want to go ahead and scent him or knot him?” The beta’s voice sounds cursory, but there’s an undercurrent of something in the way she says each option that makes him think that neither is correct.
Tony wailed brokenly, hands scrabbling at the floor as Steve laved at his entrance, pressed his lips in a mockery of a kiss as he suckled the slick out of Tony.
The doors open before him. Tony looks at the ceiling.
A promise, a guarantee, a truth.
“Hold on.” He fires into it, hitting a newly created opening into the whale’s thick flesh. It explodes, The carapace-like shell falling off the body. The Hulk howls as Tony lands next to the other Avengers.
If he was unlucky, he’d trigger a corresponding rut in the Alpha. Which meant if the Alpha stepped into the room, and Tony didn’t like him, it may not matter at all. They’d have to bang no matter what. Biology really was a fucking cunt.
“I’m sorry, isn’t everything?”
In any case, Tony catches the trail out the door and follows it. Steve has touched a wall here and there, and Tony drags his hand over where the prints are, feeling like he’s connected with Steve and his thoughts as he does. If Tony were Steve, where would he go? His brain is constantly leaping forward, trying to figure it out, situations ranking themselves from most likely to improbable—but he has to stick to the game. Scent is all he needs, and he buckles down, heading for the elevator where Steve’s scent ends.
? To make them change me back to my old self?” The accusatory tone is a balm to Steve. He loves Tony off-balanced, unsure. Entirely his to push around.
Steve still tries to defend himself, even as he knows he’s messed up.
“Yeah, you’re missing the point. We’ve done away with monarchy, so even if you manage to find a fancy chair to sit on, it’ll never be a comfortable one. You may not lose, but you won’t win. And maybe we can’t beat your army, but really, it’s all down to you. Because if we can’t protect the earth, you can be damn well sure we’ll avenge it.” Loki is stalking ever closer, his face twisted with quiet fury, staff clenched tightly. Tony knows what’s coming. He hadn’t seen what it had done to Barton, but he’d read the reports at this point and seen enough of Selvig to be concerned.
Three hours later through LA traffic, he stands in front of a nondescript building whose architecture looked like the 70s vomited all over it. Checking the address again, he strolls up like he belongs and pulls open the worn handle on the glass door. Inside isn’t much different than out, with hard edges, wood paneling, leftover decor from a time when people might have visited this office for car insurance or to see the dentist. Even the scents of humans that linger there are old. Heat makes every Omega’s sense of smell go haywire. Something, something finding Alphas something, something ensuring there were no predators in the area before heat.
The omega next to him starts to speak.
“Steve?” There’s a knock on the door, and he hears Tony’s muffled voice. It’s hell getting up, his legs feeling shaky and loose like they can’t support his weight, but he makes it to the door. Fingers fiddling with the handle, he opens the door to find his disheveled omega standing there, hand gliding through his hair.
“When my teammate starves his husband and puts him into a stress-induced heat? No. I don’t think I can support them anymore.”
Steve takes his time, dragging his fingers across Tony’s tightening scrotum and up against the shaft to the swollen glands. His hands still have their calluses and he drags them roughly along the curve of the head while Tony moans, wanton. Steve traces a vein on the underside of Tony’s cock with his tongue before drawing back up to the tip. There’s a pearl drop of liquid waiting at the slit, and Steve laps it up.
“Tony is an omega. They’re always going to be subservient to alphas. It’s in their nature.” As he speaks, he watches Pepper’s face transform. It turns bright red, and her eyes narrow in what appears to be anger.
“Well, he has so many pictures in the media of him cavorting around and generally being promiscuous.”
“I don’t want to answer that. Just forget about it for the moment. I need you. Please.” Steve feels like he’s his own shadow, flickering in and out. But he has to be strong for Tony. So he buries those thoughts and presses on Tony’s gland once more, gripping Tony’s cock firmly in his hands as he works them over Tony’s pants.
it. The loss of control is so acute, and it feels like it’s prying his jaws open.
“I think you can figure this out on your own,” Nat says.
“Maybe—maybe I should have let us order in every so often just to make sure he was eating. But also it undermined his learning.”
Tony weaves through the crowd. It’s the color of dusk inside the bubble of the space station, and there’s a humming murmur of grunts, growls, chirps, and other noises all around him. He’s tried to get used to it, the smells, sights, sounds, even the taste of the air, but it’s alien, every time. None of that dissuades him from what he’s here to do.
“You won’t! Tell me, Steve.” Tony clenches the blankets around him tighter, his heart chilled like a stone in a running creek. Steve steps in the room then, shadowed body blocking out the light from the hallway. He lumbers over, still wearing his pajamas, as Tony watches with belated fear. He can’t lose Steve. He needs Steve.
“The results of your personality test matched you with service Alphas category. I’ll admit, initial—more topical—assessments would have put you in the Omegan impudent category, and thus the more dominant Alpha, but as it turns out—” sex-ccountant clearly had deeply personal feelings on Tony’s image, and as the beta droned on, paging through the fuck-boring paperwork that contained more about Tony than he would ever reasonably allow to stay in their hands, Tony felt the soft sting of the drunken surreal becoming reality.
“You’re so perfect around me. I could have you like this daily, so pretty and darling,” Steve pants, stuttering in his pace, huffing out little breaths over Tony.
“I went out to dinner.” Tony looks at the floor, unwilling to meet Steve’s eyes. Even if he’s repentant, this can’t happen again.
He’s hunched over like that, hands crossed behind his head when he hears shuffling into the room. He looks up to see Tony standing there, wrapped in a blanket, staring at him.
“I’m going to have to countermand that order on behalf of sir.”
Whoever is promising this to him seems like they mean it, and Tony slumps into his person, letting go of everything.
With tentative movements, he crawls onto the bed, shucking his clothing as he goes. Tony kneels on all fours and breathes out a long and heavy breath. Snatching up the plug, he reaches behind him and circles his fingers around his entrance. He’s wet, practically dripping, ready for Steve to claim him. He wants to feel Steve’s knot stretching him open again, pounding in and out of his hole, wants to feel Steve’s tail brush up against the side of Tony’s ass, hips brushing with each thrust—
Steve settles in to read while watching the clock to make sure Tony comes up as he said. It’s hard to concentrate. He’s not used to these modern lines of furniture, the steel, and simplicity of the design in the tower. While he’s been preoccupied with Tony, he hasn’t had time to think about the past. What he should really do, is reach out to Peggy. She would know what to do in this scenario. But he also knows that when he sees her, he’ll see all of his desire for the life he would have had with her in her eyes. The thought of it passing him by derails him.
Tony is grinning by the end, his tiny fangs hanging over his bottom lip with glee. The food is still warm, and Tony is half tempted to run off and find Steve
It wasn’t like he was betraying Steve with Bucky, but it felt like that. Like Steve had some prior claim on Tony’s affections. They’d known each other longer, even if Steve wasn’t really his to have and wasn’t interested in someone like Tony.
As his strength wanes, he starts to pray. Mostly for the souls of these poor creatures, but also that if he should fall, that it’s swift. Painless is too much to ask for at this point.
“Wait for me, Tony. I’ll be seeing you soon.” Steve hauls Bucky up to his feet, and Tony tries to rise with them, to get up and make sure they don’t leave, but the armor’s weight on his legs along with its stiffness is too much. They lock up underneath him and prevent him from taking a single step.
“I want us to be able to speak freely, Tony. Something I don’t get a chance to do a lot of because there are things I need to tell you, truths I need to get out into the open. You see, I’m not the man you think I am.” Steve gets up and walks around the couch to where Tony is standing, impatient, twitching, like he can’t be still for longer than a second.
“J, I’ve never been so sure. I need this
“But what did she die from? That’s not an answer.” Steve’s chest is tight with concern.
is, but he can’t, won’t stop Tony. It’s been months since he learned Iron Man’s identity, and he’s never reported it to SHIELD or otherwise done anything about it. Sometimes he walks to Stark tower, stares at the reflective windows that reveal nothing, and walks back home.
“I wanted to apologize for being a horrible partner to you. I’m sorry. The things I did, which are numerous, were unacceptable. I thought I was doing right by you, but I was wrong. I want so badly to make it up to you, for us to be able to work past it, but I understand and respect if you can’t do that,” he pauses, knowing what he has to say next, and hating it. “If you want to, we can divorce. I’ll claim infidelity on my part.” His throat is so tight from the admittance, he wants to choke on those words. To bring them back and never have said them. But Tony deserves a clean slate. A chance to break free from all Steve has done to him.
“Yes, Steve, please?”
“If you’re available?”
“Sit tight Rhododendron, I’m about to fly the iron man suit into this man’s whole career.”
“We– Tony. I like you. Don’t you know that?”
“You’re welcome, Rogers. You don’t deserve him, but if he wants to give you a chance, then we can too.”
Tony had never had a heat. He’d thought he would go his whole life without one.
“—it’s exactly like that, and you know, I’ve seen this movie before. Omega infiltrates Alpha-frat society, and there’s masks, sex, and crime, and someone gets hurt, and it’s always the Omega, Pepper. If I know anything at all, it’s pop culture!” Also, the thought of someone like Senator Stern having even the remotest chance of scenting Tony made his ovaries want to shrivel up and die.
And now he’s hearing things, like the wolf in front of him talking in his head.
“You’ll need additional testing in the lab, Sir.” Grumbling, Tony swipes his coffee mug and stumbles out of the kitchen towards the elevator. With Nat here, Steve can’t go after him. He’ll have to use the excuse of breakfast to access the workshop, which makes him feel more relief than he ought to, with Nat staring him down. He wants to be as far away from her scrutiny as possible.
He wants to laugh at the almost purposeful misuse of his last name by the delivery driver, but his mind is distantly stuck on cavernous, frigid Siberia and the cauterizing heat of Steve sliding in and out of him. Even in these moments of domesticity.
Steve takes him to the couch, where he sits down and beckons Tony to straddle him. He does, knees on either side, staring down at the man who wants to make him a
“You’ll have time to decide. I know you’ll need to talk.”
, and Tony wants so badly to hate hearing it. To be rewarded for being Omega, the very thing he’d tried to avoid. But with Steve so close, so
“Come on then. Let’s find a salesperson.” Natasha grips his arm and pulls him along.
“I’ve only been around a few years. Is that all Captain?” Iron Man doesn’t mention Steve’s compliments on the suit. He seemed rather standoffish. But that could just be because Steve couldn’t get a tone of voice with the modulator in the mask.
“Cheers!”
“Tony.” He’s almost bare under the armor, his thin tank top leaving him to shiver in the chill air. “That’s not what this is about,” Steve continues.
“Yeah, and while I’ve been invited, apparently I’m volatile, self-obsessed, Omega. Don’t play well with others.”
Steve nods at Tony and stares at him for a moment before tossing his leg over the side of his motorcycle. Tony doesn’t wait for him to rev up before putting his own car into gear.
“–stop, just stop, ok?”
Steve reaches down to touch Tony’s fever-hot skin in askance, wanting to know if it’s time. It’s just a touch, a single stroke to Tony’s shoulder, but the omega groans and arches into it, shoving himself towards Steve’s hand.
Thor and Nick interrupt their pissing contest, but the moment of animosity doesn’t pass. It lingers in the air, a thread pulled tight between them. Rogers sneaks angry and confused glances over at Tony while Tony lets a languid smirk rest on his face. It seems to be making the Captain angrier too, which is to his benefit. This idiot is going to be so fun to rile up. His pretty face is sumptuous with vexation, all pink and parted lips.
Another growl and he stops struggling immediately.
“We do, but we also know he’s an adult and he’s responsible for his own choices. Do you know that, Steve?” Nat drains her mug and places it in the sink before slinking over to stand in front of Steve with her hips cocked to the side.
“Sit down, sit down, over here now.” The Father grabs two chairs and pulls them at angles towards each other and sits down.
Tony barely notices Steve walk over and plop himself on the couch until the man is right next to him, breathing the same air.
“JARVIS, where is Steve?” The bathroom door is dark and cracked open, so wherever Steve is, he’s not in their room. It’s silly, being afraid of a little darkness, but Tony doesn’t like leaving the bed at night. He puts up with Steve needing a midnight snack, because it’s
One night, after a brutal mission for SHIELD, Tony comes in late again.
If he was being honest, it disturbed him. Tony shouldn’t be nearly so vulnerable, so available already. Steve is so afraid that he’s undermined his own goals by taking advantage of Tony. He wants a person, a mate, not an automaton who agrees with whatever Steve wants.
“Yeah, I could. But there’s a lot to this. I know beta or Alpha to Omega is the easiest change, but the change is still not easy.” These are just details to Steve. If it’s doable, then it’s almost certainly the right choice. Now to get Tony to accept that himself. Steve hasn’t even gotten to that part yet, so overwhelmed with having the potential to solve this problem between them, between Tony and the world.
. Steve was his Captain, his dominant, and it agonized him now to have gone against Steve. A close second thought was that there was something wrong with his mind.
“Next time I’ll take my time with you. Get you ready for me and wrung out with orgasms. You’ll be so sweet like that, pliant and waiting for me to make love to you. I’m sorry baby, but I need you now. Please forgive me.” With that, Steve pushes in, breaching the outer ring with ease and slipping past the second, tighter muscle shortly after. He’s so much
Steve gets back to the tower feeling like a used towel. The stink of fear of the omegas he met clings to him like a bad cologne. Raped omegas, coerced omegas, scared omegas. All the things his instincts cry out to fix. His thoughts linger on Angela, whose alpha controlled their finances with such an iron fist, that the money she earned was something she was never allowed to touch.
Bucky doesn’t disappoint as his fingertips gently circle Tony’s entrance, testing the landscape to see if Tony is receptive.
If Tony had asked for his knot for treatment would Steve have given it to him? Yes, he thinks he would have. And it bothers him that it wouldn’t have been a hardship for him to do so.
Steve didn’t disappoint, licking and sucking his way down Tony’s pectorals to his taut belly, which would soon soften into omega physiology.
Steve, with Bucky’s help, can permanently fix this.
Once a week. A day is all the space he needs to get Tony to take the pills. Steve crushes them up and adds them to Tony’s favorite foods that he delivers to Tony personally. It’s so easy, that the means seem to justify themselves.
“Not sure you do Stevie. I can forgive you this, but I’m not sure I can forget. You both can have the joy of each other.” Bucky walks out.
He outright giggled into the silence of the phone.
“And maybe wait on the stabilizers? Just try another week or two without, but get some food and rest. We’ll see if it resets you. There’s consequences to taking Alpha hormones.”
Tony chuckles, and it doesn’t sound mocking, but lighthearted in a way that Steve is surprised Tony can still be.
He hears quiet whispering and realizes Nat must be there.
“I do feel bad Nat, I do. And I want help in figuring out how to get it right. Tony has to be able to take care of himself.”
“And here is me, all dressed up and no one to dance with.” The bots react to the sound of his voice and whir over to him, all loud wheels and passionate fervor to get close to Tony. DUM-E hands Tony the spinner in his hand, insistently butting it against his fingers so he’ll take it. Tony does and ratchets it around noisily, marveling that he hasn’t seen one of these since he was five at some fair that Jarvis once took him to. U simply spins around, a trick he learned from Steve quite recently. It puts a smile on Tony’s face as he realizes he’s been unconsciously swaying to the music and starting to dance with his bots. DUM-E takes the time to zoom away, before coming back with a piece of paper much the same as the others. The bot presses it to him, buoyantly happy as he always is.
This is what not restraining your dreams feels like, thinks Steve.
“I suggest talking to him and asking him what he needs from you and seeing where you can compromise further. Really ask yourself what you need from Tony, personally, as his husband. Otherwise, I’d like you to pray the rosary.”
“This’ll be fun.”
“You couldn’t have found me on your own. Where’s—”
“He’s just been bonded, so his next heat would normally come on strong, but his body thinks he’s in danger, so he’s going into stress-induced heats designed to get his alpha to take care of him. We see this in domestic abuse cases all the time, where an alpha aggressor abuses their omega partner less if the omega is in heat. A protective measure.” Steve is horrified. He didn’t think for a single moment that what he was doing would cause this. The beta woman is staring at him, her eyes hard. It dawns on him that she thinks he’s been abusing Tony. He hasn’t–
In his defense, Steve had never given any outward indication of dissatisfaction, anger, or, well, anything.
“What can’t you do Tony? Tell me.” He’s gazing into his beloved’s eyes now, noticing that the meat of Tony’s lower lip is red from his teeth pulling at it. He wants to hear Tony whimper as he sucks it into his mouth, but it’s more important to garner Tony’s participation in this.
“—you lied. You lied and if there was ever to be a relationship, there has to be trust.” Trust. What was trust when someone who was supposed to guide you, be your shield to the world, took the very best of you to possess, leaving you to die? If she wanted blind trust, she was years too late. The best he could offer was security: money, Iron Man, his company. Maybe, just maybe, the spark of a love that endured despite those things.
Steve steps forward and reaches out for Tony’s face. He wants to kiss Tony, but he’s not sure if the other man will let him. But Tony surprises him and steps forward, letting his chin rest on Steve’s outstretched hand.
“Ours,” Steve confirms.
“I need Tony.” It comes out as an exhalation of exhaustion, sheer want tainting his voice.
A neck grip is an intimate and instant relaxer for Omegas, and Tony briefly remembers that it used to be socially acceptable to ‘take down’ an angsty Omega for their own good. But it’s very much not ok in these times.
“Pillows and blankets. It’s best as an accent piece, while going for something else like Egyptian cotton with a high thread count as the base. We have something that’s a four thousand thread count, but it is expensive.”
It unhooks from him, drags itself across his spine, down into the curl of his hips and the weight of his groin and explodes into frantic pulses of his cock, every spurt a revelation of feeling. He cries Steve’s name, and the Alpha presses tightly into him and comes along with him, the pulses of Tony’s inner muscles almost in synchronization with Steve’s own. Steve groans, counterpoint to Tony’s breathy mewls, and pulls Tony close to him, rubbing their bodies in the mess Tony has made between them.
“You’re so beautiful like this. All mine. Gonna love you, angel.”
“Sir, it’s a little early.” Rhodey raised his glass to the ceiling, whiskey, neat, at JARVIS’s words.
At least, until he encountered The Bag.
“Maybe just sit down and relax with me for a moment?” Tony cocks his head as if the thought has never occurred to him that he can sit down. But after a moment, Tony haltingly finds his way to the couch next to Steve. There’s a brief moment where Steve thinks Tony is scenting him in the air, and he feels triumph roll through him, hot and pressing.
“Your next event. I’d like to attend.”
The second letter is to James Rhodes, who he suspects may never forgive him. If Steve didn’t find his need so painful, he might have cared more about someone Tony loves hating him indefinitely. But no matter what they think of Steve, Tony needs his friends. He needs his life to stay relatively the same. Steve’s going to do everything possible to ensure that. SI will be in Pepper’s hands, Tony will do R&D for the company as always, though at a less frenetic pace. He’ll be Iron Man, and fight next to Steve in the field. Rhodey and Pepper will still be in his life, as will the Avengers.
When he turns around Father Jacobs has a wide grin on his face.
, inside of me. Why don’t you understand that? Send me in alone, or with no one else. In fact, send me in now, and I can find Steve.”
“You’re going to have to make me Steve. Make me, I dare you!” Steve closes the distance, which is smaller than he suspected, and grasps at Tony’s shoulders. Tony grabs his arms, holding tight to the tense biceps underneath.
“Ok, Steve.” Tony pulls away at last before turning around and making his way to his workbench. He throws a cautious look behind his shoulder, giving Steve a megawatt smile.
Heading down in the elevator, he clutches the bag close, hands sweating on and fingers crinkling the brown paper. He likes to think this is the turning point, but he knows that he’s committed as soon as he realized that Tony will be healthier and happier this way. The future has an inevitability about it that makes him feel confident, content.
“In the red room where I was trained, where I was raised— they have a graduation ceremony. They sterilize you, glands and all. It’s efficient, and for Omegas, our hormone levels drop, but not to beta levels. The underbelly of the Omega nature is that we are the fiercest, over Alphas or betas. An Alpha must incapacitate instead of kill any home invader in the United States. But Omegas can kill to protect the home, and the law will never prosecute. Deep down, society doesn’t want to acknowledge that Omegas reign supreme in capacity for sheer violence. So in the Red room, they take the one thing from you that matters more than a mission, more than a mate, and leave only the rage behind. It makes it easier. The killing. The hiding. You still think you’re the only Omega on the team who has issues with their designation? You’re not alone Tony.”
“That isn’t love, Steve. That’s possession.”
“Tony hasn’t been around, has he?” She narrows in on the subject with the precision of a blade, no non-sequitur about the weather or the team. He’d give anything to have anyone else walk in, but once again everyone is either gone on a mission or in their respective favorite locations with no reason to come up to the kitchen.
“It wasn’t him.” What if Barnes had bombed the UN? What if it were T’Challa and Tony here, both enacting vengeance for their parents. Steve wouldn’t stand a chance. He wonders where kitty-cat is. Is he self righteously telling himself that he won’t interfere? Why is everyone in this world a practitioner of “for me, but not for thee?”
“I was wondering if you could beat Bucky.” His eyes are kind, as always, but the aura emanating off of his body gives Tony pause. Tony doesn’t have time to question it before Sam walks over, gait steady, and places a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “We’re supposed to go for a run, but some stuff came up with Karli, so I’m just gonna drive you there. Sorry, man.”
Otherwise, Tony is hyper aware of the Captain next to him. The other man is blissfully ignorant of the history between them due to Tony’s hidden identity, and Tony doesn’t intend to reveal himself to be Tony Stark, Howard Stark’s son.
.” The room is dark and heavy, the air taking on a chill that feels impossible with the temperature controls in place. As tightly as the feeling starts to coil around Tony, the room feels empty, a nest missing its bird.
“You’re using past tense, so you’re already better than half the alphas of the omegas that come through here,” Angela says, though she looks resigned and irritated.
His shirt feels uncomfortable on his new body, but it doesn’t stop him from turning and attempting to run, this time getting much farther with his newly transformed legs before he’s tackled unceremoniously to the ground.
He wants to be so good for Steve, and he wishes that he was enough. But this is a game that Steve and Bucky seem to be playing with him. They accost him, get him to orgasm, and then they leave.
“But I’ve been horrible to him. He couldn’t possibly want to spend it with me. And besides, I’ve never, well, I’ve never been with anyone. I wouldn’t know what to do!”
“Is that a thing that can happen?” Steve asks as Tony mops up the blood on his arm with a spare rag.
“It will.”
In less than a minute, they’re gone.
He’s not sure exactly what that is yet. But as he watches the good Captain trail after Maria with his shield, he thinks maybe he can bring the Captain to him.
“Iron Man, we’re on your three, headed northwest.” He swoops through the streets, running up the avenue with multiple bogeys on his tail. They fire as he pirouettes through buildings, and he tries to get them to aim downward at the ground, rather than the buildings around. It’s hell. Tony doesn’t know how many people are dying right now as the Chitauri relentlessly pour out of the portal.
Surveying the place, he gets some more sun as he outwaits Pepper’s patience. It’s hot and perfect today, in the way San Fran weather usually isn’t.
“Or unsuit myself.” Lame. Very lame. He runs off before he can hear whether the Cap laughed at his dumb joke or not.
“Oh no. People are random and pointless. But these people, they have the right to lead their aimless lives to the fullest of indiscriminate events that simply occur to them. Which you want to prevent. So, I’m here to threaten you.” He meanders down to Loki, keeping his cool.
“Uh, sorry Steve, I–” Steve strokes a hand down Tony’s hair, letting it rest on the other man’s neck, heavy. It’s so good that he has Tony in his arms that he wants to forget there’s one more week to wait before Tony will be begging for him. He’s going to have to hold out until then.
And god, Tony’s cock is fully erect under him, leaking pre-cum onto his trim belly. He’s a vision. Steve’s going to ruin him, remake him.
He’s always searched for love in all the wrong places, so he can’t complain when it betrays him.
“I need a drink for this. It’s gotta be 8am somewhere.”
“Bizarre,” he said.
“Name-calling doesn’t get you what you want. Be a good boy and say please.” He smacks Tony’s ass with his hand, watching it tremble and turn a bright red with the strength of his swing. It’s a color he could look at all day on Tony.
The phone rings, and rings. She’s probably on a plane somewhere; Tony struggles to recollect.
Tony is a good, if enthusiastic, driver. He zips through downtown and controls the multitude of variables in a way Steve finds admirable.
Like Brad’s search history, or the fact that Daredevil just destroyed one of his drones for no discernable reason. That man is a pain in his ass.
“Shh, baby. I’ve got you. I’ll always have you.”
Steve’s cock is hanging hard against Tony’s bare thigh, and it twitches now, his need becoming insistent that he makes a valiant attempt at conquest of Tony’s body. He tries to ignore it for a time, giving Tony slow, languorous kisses that soak up Tony’s wordless pleas. Tony’s hands reach for him, dragging down the sides of Steve’s body, his arms.
“You’re being serious right now. I can hear the serious face in your voice. This is, god, this is the worst thing to have happened, ever. Worse than finding out Santa isn’t real, maybe Hitler even.” He wanted to tell Pepper, he really did, but her steadfast determination to help him through this part of his life held him back. He wanted to give her this, even if it was an abhorrently bad idea to plan for something that was never going to happen.
“I have permission to court him.”
“Stop, don’t–” His voice was pitiful, even through the modulator. Of course, Steve misinterpreted it as fending off a bad injury from his purview. He’d done that to Steve before.
“You can’t do this,” Tony rasps.
Tony has stripped off the suit by now, and called for another one to replace what he’s bent out of shape. It’s a very good thing he aggressively creates new models of the suit every couple of weeks and has them fabricated. The other suit is flying the excess of the first home using a spare reactor for power. Tony always keeps a few around, just in case he needs the suit to operate without him inside. He cleans up, washing the blood from his face, and applying concealer to a bruise high on his neck that he got from bouncing around in the turbine.
It’s a couple weeks before Rogers makes it back to the tower, and he’s the last of the Avengers to arrive. Clint and Natasha hadn’t so much as moved in as they had simply started appearing in Tony’s penthouse, which was all the way clean, but only halfway finished being repaired. The two assassins don’t seem to care as they proceed to eat all his poptarts and other various snacks.
He hasn’t.
“Let’s get this over with.” At that, Rhodes blasts his repulsors at Steve. And Steve just– takes it. Feels his nerves frying under the fire, rabidly painful. Penance is something you do when you’ve sinned, so instead this is payment. For using Rhodes’s trust to gain access to what he wanted. The cost going into it was always a known quantity.
“Only if I agree to divorce or otherwise annul the marriage, which I don’t.” Steve has made a lot of spur of the moment decisions in his life. So far so good on that, and he’s not stopping now. Anthony needs him. He needs someone to bring him in line. It’s the least he can do for Howard’s memory. It may be a shadow of a life, but it is a task that will take up his time.
“Yes,” he grits out and begins the too-long trek to where Tony is. The conversation with Nat has lit him afire with worry and fear over Tony’s behavior as of late. He has to find out what’s going on. Whether Tony has started to stabilize his hormones and what that means for Steve. It makes his chest tight and his stomach knot to think about how close he’s come and how it’s all teetering precariously on Tony’s and Nat’s cooperation. All of which he thought he either had or avoided needing via subterfuge. Now everything is blown open, and it’s rotten inside.
Alphas were certain in their identity, privileged. And the more Howard had attempted to squeeze and press Tony into an Omegan identity, the more Tony had decided the boundaries of that designation didn't matter. Tony’s lack of concern about mating had Howard begrudgingly bequeathing the company to him. At least Howard could acknowledge that Tony acted more like an Alpha than an Omega, which, while it resulted in slightly better treatment, it rankled his belief that Omegas were just as good, if not better, than Alphas.
Steve drops to his knees, hands reaching up to frame Tony’s hips, his thumbs dimpling over the sharp bones.
Outside is pandemonium. Men in more tactical gear than he’s ever seen in the army are clustered in twos and threes, firing relentlessly at the door through which more broken and bleeding people are streaming through. There are only so many bullets, Steve knows, and the stream of people is endless. He looks for another exit, finds it, and bolts to the door, depressing the handle and spills out into a large hallway. There’s fewer of the shambling people here, if they can truly be called people, but they all look at him as if they are one hive mind and let out horrid gurgles and moans, their lips peeling back from their teeth.
Rhodes levels him with a look that could melt vibranium, and Pepper turns her hollowed-out eyes towards Steve.
When Steve finds Tony trying desperately to make his bed, it’s almost funny, but for the look of sheer fury that Tony is giving the sheets, and then directing at Steve.
“No, ha, nothing like that. It’s to do with my omega. My priest said I should talk to a friend, which is you, since you’re the only one that’s still speaking to me. I just wanted to get your advice.”
One hand firmly placed in the middle of his back, Steve keeps shucking. Tony has no idea what’s happening. Maybe Steve is going to kill him out of his armor. Maybe he’s going to beat Tony’s chest or back in, leaving him broken on the floor. The simple truth is, that he has no power here, except what Steve gives him.
At first, he loved my singing. I would serenade him sunup to sundown. But when I started trying my hand at the speakeasy, oh boy he sure didn’t like that much at all. I loved him though, so I stopped. Though I’d always wanted to be a singer, and I was darn good at it too! Used to sing in the choir at mass.” Steve remembers. Edith’s voice was clear and beautiful, ringing out over the parishioners like a clarion bell. He thinks he agrees with Conall though. A speakeasy is no place for a lady.
“Sir–” JARVIS tries to announce Steve’s presence, but Tony barrels on with his work.
If he had regrets, they were unspoken rants at treacherous mother nature for having designed the plumbing in the first place.
.” Tony freezes at the alpha voice that Bucky uses, so angry that this is the second time he’s had it performed on him this week. He’s done listening. He doesn’t want to hear anything that either of them has to say, but he’s stuck waiting out the command. “Tony, I want you. I want you to be mine, my omega.”
The interior of the apartment is the same as when Steve had moved out—basic, everyday items sit on the kitchen table, gun ammo on the living room desk, clean clothes in the closet—stocked just enough for an Avengers to live off of for a weekend away from the tower or to emergency restock. It’s
“Tony.”
No one drifts alone and ends up okay. They should have stopped Tony’s delusions a lot sooner. Should have seen what was coming. But there was something so inspiring and pure about the two of them that Tony’s belief in their combined soul had never been a detriment to a mission before. It’s what made them good. It made them the best.
Steve couldn’t hold himself back if he wanted to, and Tony can’t wait any longer. Steve takes what is offered.
“Mm, want to stay filled with your come.”
Steve arrives on the scene to the tune of police and military involvement. This time it’s robots. They’re making a mess of the area they’re cordoned off in, easily repelled by the barriers that the police and military have put up, but less easily put down. Bullets bounce off their casing and only serve to deter them from attacking. Otherwise, they’re generally just destructive, picking up anything that isn’t bolted to the ground, and some things that are, and tossing it about.
“You’re truly evil if you think there’s anyone for me but Steve. I’d rather go alone in a jaeger than drift with anyone else. Steve is
Steve, lovely, amazing Steve, stroked down his scapular and drug his fingers right down to Tony’s hole, his perineum, balls, and his hanging cock, stopping to swirl the head with precision.
. Doesn’t need the aftercare associated with heats. He’s Tony Stark, and he’s never needed anything that he can’t get for himself.
In the darkness and the pressure from Steve’s body, Tony finally starts to calm, his breathing only slightly labored. Steve is at a loss. It’s one thing to know he’s hurt Tony, but it’s fully another thing to see the fruits of his terrible labor. Watching Tony break as a result of the poor treatment wrenches something in him.
“Wait, you’re on that list? Is it because of stabbing? And are you above or below angry bees? I bet the reason is stabbing.” All of the Avengers except Tony are Alphas, and Alphas absolutely rank higher on the threat scale. Add super powers and assassin skill sets and you have a volatile group of the most dangerous people in the world. Omegas were supposed to be a team balancing influence, but Tony was not that kind of Omega. I mean, look at how soothing he was to Captain America, an Alpha’s Alpha.
“For my heats?” There’s a strain in Tony’s voice, a flatness to the question that Steve doesn’t understand.
The fingers withdraw with a slight squelch, which under any other circumstance would have humiliated Tony, but instead the lurid sound inspired him to think about what Steve would sound like, going in and out of him at a hard, bruising pace.
“Love you, Steve,” Tony slurs, and Steve’s heart blossoms, fierce emotion overtaking him. Their future awaits, and inside of it are hours that they will spend like this, joined together, bodies harmonious. It was all worth it. Every bridge burned with Nat and Bucky, it was worth it to have this. Every bit of his planning and effort.
“Do you want to order in?”
“So you’re going to keep them?”
Tony’s eyes fly open when Steve rests his hand on Tony’s warm shoulder. They blink rapidly, and then refocus on Steve, not cataloguing anything, as empty and consuming in turns.
“It’s nice to meet you. I never thought I would interact with Tony’s husband, but here we are.”
“Steve.” Just his name, and Steve pauses, looks back at Tony. The other man has disheveled his own hair with a fist clenched into it, eyes still inky with repressed lust.
Tony is expectedly silent, and Steve takes the opportunity to slide down Tony so he’s bracketing Tony’s hips. The drug has almost worn off, but Tony is laying under him with ease, Steve’s cum already working at calming Tony.
“Count, or I start over.”
“He’s omega, Nat. He needs… They need guidance.”
After that, it’s a disaster.
-------------
Steve steps back to admire his Omega. The scent is intoxicating; sweat and the soft spice of Tony waft up from his body. Enamored, Steve takes Tony’s flaccid dick in hand, pumping it until it becomes semi-hard. It doesn’t take long, and Tony whines as he does it, leaking precum. He leans down for a taste. Just a taste.
“Arm still giving you trouble? You should just let me make you a new one.” Tony drops his wrench onto the desk behind him and gestures for Bucky to bring the arm with outstretched hands.
That’s a lot. And everything they have is Kree. The exchange rate alone will gut them of a grand of it.
“You mean to tell me Stark is an omega?”
Tony presses into the kiss, needy, soft. Steve reaches up to stroke Tony’s hair, and over his ear, his cheek, his chin, and Tony lets him, leaning into the touch as Steve explores. He holds Tony like Tony is the only thing holding him up, the scaffolding of his person. Everything turns deep and a comfortable kind of sloppy as their lips work each other over.
how this is supposed to go, and he’ll meet every challenge Steve presents to him. It’s not exactly like that, but he feels the need to prove himself in some way. That he can be
The claws that seem to be coming for them both latch around Steve as if the Kaiju intimately understands how a jaeger is nothing without its pilots.
On the day of, the Avengers are out of the tower. Bruce is at a conference, at the behest of SHIELD. Thor is off-world. Nat and Clint are on a covert ops mission, also courtesy of SHIELD. The weather is fantastic for a New York day; it’s just this side of seventy degrees with a slight breeze. It’ll be about a forty-minute drive to Brooklyn from the tower.
“Thank you for that, and for letting me do this with you.” Steve is still lapping at the come, finding it more and more appetizing. Soon his hand is clean, and he tucks himself behind Tony stiffly, waiting for Tony to realize he’s actually here and dismiss him.
So far he’s met another quiet man named Bruce, two other people who carry themselves like killers, named Natasha and Clint, and a jovial, muscular man who insists that he’s the
It’s a massive mistake; he’s tossed bodily through the air, the power from his gauntlets reverberating back towards him. A muffled, but loud boom echoes through the city, and Selvig is tossed off his feet as Tony works at stabilizing himself in the air.
Tony finds the replacement suit in a hidden storage where he’d directed it. It’s standing there, sleek and clean lines, the kind of detail that’s only been in his SI products and head before this, leaving his emotions and life in a chaotic mess. He wants it, wants this. Craves being Iron Man with a thirst that leaves his throat dry and his limbs atremble. Iron Man is an Alpha. He’s untouchable.
He also spends an inordinate amount of time in the workshop, ‘inventing.’ When the hours reach midnight, Steve strolls down to the lab, the doors of which open for him automatically, and proceeds to drag Tony out to eat something and go to bed.
“Five, thank you.” Tony adjusts himself, pressing the front of his crotch against Steve’s legs, intentionally or not, Steve can’t tell. He can feel the outline of Tony’s penis now, and it’s substantial enough for an omega. If Tony were genuinely his, he’d have him sated after. But Tony is only his in name and contract. Steve doesn’t want the omega otherwise.
“Tony, I don’t care about that. If that’s why you have your shirt on—”
The huff of breath on his neck and the solid weight of the wolf on top of him stay consistent. Tony scrunches his eyes shut, waiting for the thing to snap at his neck and break it, or otherwise just dive right in and start eating him.
“That massage you gave was grade A, Captain.” He still feels Steve’s phantom fingers, but in his mind they go lower, spreading him open, gently tapping his hole for entrance, roughly tugging at the head of his cock. It’s a fantasy borne of his desperate, pathetic need for Steve, one that he’s nursed for so long.
Tony, and get him fat with Steve’s children. Right now though, he could easily crush Tony. He’s already bruised Tony’s hips with how hard he’d pummeled him, he knows, and he wants to see the petal-shaped bruises of his fingers on Tony.
“Take us home, Shellhead?”
The wolf latches onto the hem of his pants and starts wrenching at the fabric, its head whipping back and forth like a dog with a chew toy.
The worst time though, is when he ends up in medical. It’s not even the mission’s fault. It’s his damn body. It’s picked the worst time to start displaying some of the more fun symptoms of his failure to have his heats as normal.
“Fuck!”
“Steve, please, please move.” He thrusts then, hips jerking tightly to the sweet crevice of Tony’s thighs.
“Uh, yeah, for sure. Um, so this should be easy, so long as you stand up the entire time. Try not to jostle the needles.” Tony coughs then, and turns away. If Nat weren’t watching the two of them so carefully, he would smile at Tony’s little bit of embarrassment. In another time and place, he might ask Tony to go out with him for a walk, if that was still acceptable. Steve’s gotten good at reading the room when it comes to the illegalities of being with men. Tony is receptive, but concerned.
“Clint is in a coma.”
The moment comes to take the food down to Tony and he hesitates. Every second he gets with the omega cuts at him like a sharp razor and his head feels like it’s being squeezed with a vice. But the moments apart are worse than that.
He snatches the bottle of lube from next to Tony and coats his fingers in it, maintaining eye contact with Tony the entire time. When he sees Tony’s breath hitch, he moves behind him, fingers tracing up and down Tony’s crack. Every time he moves past Tony’s hole, the man gives a slight, sharp inhale.
But here he is, again, stuck in a life or death situation.
“What?”
“Tony, we need to address the Extremis app.” The suit slithers around his skin, caressing each inch with cool liquid metal, and it feels divine. This is what Odin must feel like before he smites someone.
“Excuse me? Just because I smell a certain way doesn’t give Ty an excuse for his behavior. And it also doesn’t give you an excuse for yours. Now the next time I have to be alone with that jackass, he’s going to be mad, and he’s going to try and take it out on me. And where will you be? Hmm? You just made things worse.” He did, he did exactly what he wasn’t supposed to do, didn’t he? He was so mad at the idea that this alpha had been Tony, had been where only Steve is supposed to go, that he just reacted. Steve can’t protect Tony every day.
Steve looks into Angela’s eyes as she’s telling the story, and he’s drowning in their blue depths. He’s choking on his excuses, his reasons.
“Do you know what’s still the same about you Tony? Even after this spell that’s inverted you, made you
Steve leans over to Tony first, shuffling his face in between the collar of Tony’s shirt. He smells like expensive cologne, metal, and sweat. It’s a heady combination, and Steve reflexively breathes in deep, taking it all in. His lips bud on Tony’s neck, finding the outline of the gland there before he laves it a few times. The saliva acts as an analgesic on the gland, prepping the area for a bite.
“It’s not that serious,” he mumbles. “He’s just stubborn about food. I’m showing him how to cook, but it’s like he’s never fed himself in his life. I’m not sure how I’m supposed to teach him how to be a proper omega at all.”
“Look, just stop approving of me. You’re ruining it.” He gets up and leaves before Steve can dismiss him. Rogers always hates that. It gives Tony a little thrill.
“My story is a bit more complicated. I’m Angela, by the way. My alpha at the time didn’t start off as bad as all that. He never forced me to do anything. I worked; it’s not illegal for me to have a job, but all the money I made went to a joint account with him. I never saw a dime of it. But I didn’t need to at the time, you know?”
“Mine. Say you’re mine.”
“And doesn’t he get the dignity of his choice here? Even if his choices aren’t what you would have chosen for him?”
“No. No, he’s not. But he should be.”
Tony is so hot there, a little furnace around his fingers as he pumps experimentally. It’s excruciating, waiting to get his cock in there. But this is about Tony, and what Tony wants. Eventually, he’ll need Steve’s knot, and Steve, as is his duty, will fulfill Tony’s every need. He aches to put his cock in Tony. Positively thrums with the need to do so.
“Just my luck, then. Where’s the staff here?” Tony knows that they’re alone, except the agents likely standing outside eavesdropping like overgrown pests. And at this point he’s done caring whether anyone sees. The helmet detaches with a whoosh of air, and he sets it on the bench beside him before making for Fury’s doughnuts.
His Extremis will never end and he’ll always be in peak fighting condition, his skin blemish-free, and the rest of his body as eternally youthful as he can look while still aging.
Steve walks around for a while, noting everything that’s changed in his neighborhood. The butcher shop on the corner is now home to a 7-11 convenience store. There’s a new building right next door that looks less modern than Tony’s building, but still has some of the elements that Steve has only found in this day and age. One thing that remains, however, is the church he and his Ma used to go to. The Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary looks a little more modern with its lights and the school next to it, but it’s still the same church. He remembers Reverend James Carroll, who was always kind to him.
Tony’s wings flutter indignantly.
“Yes, I think he might just be.” And she’s gone again, agile form gracefully leaving the kitchen.
“Now that these transistors have pissed me off, no, I don’t think I will be stopping–Christ, Steve you’re still here? Do you need to be dismissed?” Steve chuckles, and Tony gives him a perplexed look as if Steve has a sudden case of brain damage. Maybe he does, because normally this gets Steve to fight with Tony.
“You’re right. It’s definitely not.” This is something he can dump, get rid of. He’s just trying to think of reasons why he shouldn’t, and the one he’s come up with makes him queasy to think about.
“Ok, I can do that. Thank you.” So Tony doesn’t want to see him.
“I want you to spend my heat with me.”
“—Hey!”
The tranquilizer he has will last inside of two hours.
“Who had the issue with ruts?” They all think about what Steve has just said, how it’s been quiet and peaceful in the tower. No aggravated Tony going around and snapping at people for no reason.
Of course, the Avengers are here at the fundraiser. Excepting Bruce, who would likely cause a riot if he made an appearance. Tony hooks his arm around Rhodey and steers them straight to the bar.
Staying wrapped in the blankets had been his plan, but his morning erection hasn’t gone down at all, and he doesn’t want to get them messy just yet. He figures there will be tons of fluids in their nest by the time the heat is done.
“You fucking rapist–” Rhodes roars as he pulls a gun out latched onto the suit and fires it into Steve’s arms. The bullets hit with like pebbles being flicked at him, but the sting after they settle agitates.
“I don’t know where you’ve learned these views, but you’re wrong. And you’re going to kill me with these restrictions.” Tony meets Steve’s eyes then, and they’re begging, pleading with Steve to relent. Steve absolutely cannot, though a part of him wants to so badly. He finds he doesn’t like watching Tony fumble through these rules. All of it is distasteful to him. Yet he resents Tony for making him do this.
“Well if it has something to do with me, isn’t it my business?” His Omega is defiant, the cords of his neck standing out as he huffs in dismissal of Steve’s explanation.
Like a machine, he turns on his senses, the world flowing into his awareness like a comforting embrace, eyes looking for sharp movements as he breathes in deep. Steve is everywhere in the kitchen, all over the counter, the pots and pans, the cabinets. It’s
“And sometimes there’s no coming back from that. But the thing is, it’s not your decision to make. It’s his. I’d ask you if you told him any of this, but it sounds like you’re having a revelation right now. So just level with him. Ask him to forgive you. The worst he can say is no. And if he doesn’t, you still have to work on forgiving yourself.”
The ache inside him increases, until his entire body feels taut with an agonized shift of his reality. He knew Colleen and Brenna. And he realizes now, that somewhere he knew that one day he’d seen them, and then one day he hadn’t. What happened to them? Were they part of the statistics that Nat had told him? Had they died? Did they get out? He wishes his mother hadn’t stopped him from getting to know the omega girls. He’s surprised at himself, however, because he’d never really thought about himself that way concerning the omega women. He was always just Steve, who should have been more. Something else.
“We should catch up Tony.” Ty’s voice is a low rumble. He’s warm, alpha, and it had been so reassuring to Tony when he was young. It curdled in his mouth now to scent it once more.
“It’s Captain if I’m riding this ship.” Steve tries to suppress a laugh, and be stern, but he can’t.
“I’ll crack the eggs for you.” Steve proceeds to do so, making a clean break in each one.
Tony liked them both.
Because when the super-soldier is in the room, his wings do their best impression of that handsy guy at the company party, reaching out to brush against Steve with impunity.
He sucks in a breath. There’s a concern now about what he’s going to do with Bucky’s and Steve’s attention. Tony is getting hard from the thought alone that either alpha would consider him.
“They’re so—they’re so beautiful Tony. I know you can’t keep them, but you look—you look good with them.” If Steve only knew what selfish little miscreants his wings have been, he wouldn’t be saying that.
“So you’re telling me I’m right?” Steve says.
“You gonna hurt me, Steve?”
It’s not.
He bounces back, gliding at Loki, but the man becomes permeable, wisps of green dust sliding off the armor. Of course, that’s when Loki blasts him through one of his bullet-proof glass windows. The armor takes most of the brunt of it, but he’s rattled inside the suit.
“Tony! I’m coming, just hold tight sweetheart, please. Just stay on the phone with me.”
“There are monetary consequences, and uh I just wouldn’t do that.”
“Fuck!” Tony trips over something and whirls around to look at Steve, his face guarded and pinched. He’s covered in grease and his jeans are ripped in several places.
“What, being an Omega or worse yet, being converted from an Alpha to an Omega by one of his closest friends?” Her green eyes are burning into him now, mug held steady to her lips as she blows on the hot surface. How she’s so unshakeable as she brings down Steve’s world is beyond him.
Tony’s only answer is a moan. Steve pulls Tony into his arms and breathes in their combined scent. It’s a heady aroma, and Steve finds himself licking at Tony’s gland on his neck. He wants to bite into it so badly, but he remembers himself and keeps to laving and nibbling.
“Yeah, Steve. Anytime.” And then Tony makes his daring escape by scurrying out of the room, leaving all of what just happened behind. He’s trying a new thing; leave before you get left.
After, they’ve gotten up and they’re shuffling around, getting their clothes on, when Nat jogs into the room. She ignores their state of undress in favor of delivering her message.
Now he thinks that Cap and he are going to get into pissing contests. His therapist has told him that expectations are premeditated resentments, and Tony doesn’t disagree. Howard had always been unreliable, and it was just one more thing to chalk up to the man’s terrible personality that Howard had misjudged Captain America. Or he’d judged him correctly, and assigned Rogers the same category as he did himself. One that Howard would call something like “ambitious,” but Tony would refer to as “asshole.” Peas in a pod.
Involuntarily, he jerks forward again, a sob tearing loose from his mouth.
But without his suppressants, he was a biological time bomb.
. All his. Steve grunts as his knot is completely slotted in place and he starts to come, shooting and shooting into Tony’s needing ass.
“You won’t be getting my knot, for any reason. I want nothing to do with you in that manner.” Tony has the grace to look appalled, as if he can’t believe that Steve would deny him this one thing. But Steve was wise to how addiction worked. You can’t feed the flames. You can’t fuel the very thing that makes an omega a problem to begin with.
He needed a knot, and he’d pick any knot but Steve’s right at that moment. Steve didn’t smell so good at all. His instincts, which had been quiet initially, roared through his body, up and up, until his whole head felt swallowed into a miasma of want. He had to keep it together. But it was so hard, his control fraying at the edges with every gulp of air.
“‘S’at feel good, Tony?” Steve sounds like Tony feels, completely sunken into relief and pleasure.
Steve leans back and looks at the file further. The other operatives seem competent and well rounded. Iron Man is a mystery, but it’s not his to solve.
, he’s lost to the feeling of being cherished.
When Tony’s breathing finally evens out into sleep, Steve pulls off of him, ready to move back in an instant should Tony wake up and find him not there. The entire thing leaves him pensive and scared.
“You’re welcome. You don’t deserve it, but I needed the relief. We’re done after this, ok? I want you because your bite is on my neck. No more, no less.”
And isn’t that the truth. He has been assuming from the pictures he received at SHIELD that this is all there is to Tony. He’s now determined to find out more.
The slap of skin punctuates every slam of his hips and he watches the globes of Tony’s ass bounce on him with each thrust.
“Yes, thank you.” He takes it in hand.
He hears echoing in his head.
Bruce was gently calling Tony’s name as he made sure Tony didn’t thrash off the bed, and finally, Tony’s eyes stopped their unseeing stare and settled into something more aware. Bruce must have been an expert in this because that’s when he slipped the needle into Tony’s arm and Tony didn’t notice whatsoever.
“You had better tell me what this is all about before I make you regret it. Or should I make Bucky regret helping you?” The mug hits the counter as she steps forward into his space, red hair cascading down her back as she pitches her head back to look up at him. There’s a promise in her eyes, one that’s destructive. One that she can make good on against both Bucky and Steve.
to him. Steve makes an uncharacteristic whimper at the effect it has on him.
“You need three solid meals a day, and while one is from work, you are also expected to make something for yourself in the morning. If you wanted to make more than that for both of us, I won’t stop you.”
“Ok, I can acknowledge that there must have been something these alphas were doing that caused that, but the situation I have with Tony is different.”
There’d be no more of this partying and general irresponsibility.
Tony groans around Steve’s cock, and he focuses on the sensation of Tony suckling at him with loud lip smacks and the occasional pop as he pulls off and resituates.
“Well?”
They all go stock still when they see him, their eyes watching him as if he’s going to make some kind of stray movement towards them.
“Enough with this ma’am nonsense. I’m Edith. Edith Walsh. I took my name back when I ran off from my good for nothin’ alpha, but I used to be an O’Leary, god rest that mean bastard’s soul. Oh pardon! I’ll be saying Hail Mary’s tonight for that.” Steve chokes off a laugh. O’Leary had been her husband!
him.”
“Not the kind you’re thinking. It’s that omegas have more rights over their lives, though they still have less rights in marriage than betas. The behavior that was exhibited by society, including alpha partners of omegas, in the past, was a direct contributing factor in whether an omega would attempt suicide.” Natasha stalks around his desk, prickling the hair on his neck when she walks behind him.
The first night it happens, Tony pitches a huge fit.
Steve’s response is muffled by the warm metal cock that’s wedged in his throat. Which is just as well, because nothing he could say would contradict Iron Man’s words.
He has to get out of here. He has to find his way to the practice rooms, where he can instigate a drift without Steve. Steve is inside him, somewhere. Everyday he hears from Steve less, and Tony has to believe it’s because Tony is failing to find him. Failing at making the connection he
The first hit causes Tony to curl in on himself and his knees to automatically cinch inward. Steve wrenches Tony’s legs back into place, fingers digging into the softly furred skin.
Tears leak out of his eyes, and he can feel every breath start to compound. Expand his chest, his mind, until he’s a whirring bundle of madness and need. He needs Steve. Where is Steve?
“Ah, but would you even know if I was?” She turns away, seemingly satisfied.
“I won’t interfere for now. But if you do anything to injure that man, I will string you up before you ever see charges for what you’ve done.” Threats Steve can deal with, and he pulls his shoulders back into a leadership pose that he knows by heart and leans forward towards Natasha to indicate just how serious he is.
“Tony? Tony, wake up.” Tony is beautiful like this, open and needy. He never thought he’d want to see an omega vulnerable like this, but there’s something so real, so electric about Tony in this moment. His skin is aglow, sweat beading on his forehead as he huffs little breaths in and out.
Clint in particular looks like he wants to pull Steve’s guts through his open mouth, the way he’s staring at Steve being something close to maniacal in nature.
“His bike?”
“I don’t need age to know that you’re an asshole. And I know Omegas worth ten of you. The only things you do are for yourself; I’ve read your file. You’re not the guy who makes the sacrifice play. No, you pay people to lay down on the wire for you while you crawl over them.” And that cuts him, deeper than he expected. He’s just— he’s just an Omega.
“No, lunch.” JARVIS. How could he forget about JARVIS? He hasn’t revealed anything yet, so he’s as safe as it gets. He measures his own heart rate increasing, and he knows Bucky can also hear it with his enhanced abilities. Steve wants Tony in all the wrong ways, but he’s down in this now, committed, even if he has to look elsewhere to make what needs to happen, happen.
“Unfortunately, sir, I’ve been disabled from telling you Captain Rogers’ location.”
And then there’s Steve. Tony wants Steve too, and as Bucky starts moving towards him, Tony thinks of running to Steve’s room and asking for protection, even if it means that Steve will want to claim Tony right after.
“And?”
Tony knows he’s the better version of himself. The spell that was used to change his so-called alignment was just a tool to open the door for Tony to be his most effective. And he is the best. What it hasn’t changed, is his deep-seated desire for Captain America. For example his former self, the weaker and less capable Tony, had never done a single thing to impinge on his friendship with Steve Rogers. He’d kept his pathetic school girl crush to himself and practically ate his self-esteem.
“I can see we’re not going to get much further today. You have homework. I want you to find three successful omegas and bring their names in. I hope for your sake that Fury is correct, that you can be redeemed, but I’ll be honest, I’m not seeing it, Rogers.”
