"After you've had breakfast." Mycroft hoped Will would settle for that. He was way too tired to negotiate any further.
"Yes, you're right," John replied. He absent-mindedly scratched at his jaw, feeling stubble that needed to be shaved.
John glanced at him, his eyes vulnerable for a second. "You too."
"When Bobbi Ferguson first wrote to me, she mentioned "disappearances". In plural. When she described the case to me in closer detail, I paid no attention to her initial words, dismissing them as a simple typo, but today I began to wonder about their significance."
Sherlock seemed to have no qualms about walking around naked with just a towel folded over his arm. With slight annoyance, John also noticed that the detective was getting quite a few appreciative glances from the other nudists, women and men alike. Very few of them were even close to Sherlock's age, and John thought, with a sense of satisfaction, that if any of them were looking for a hookup, they'd be wasting their time.
The Outsider's writhing amplified, and Three-finger grabbed at the busted arm, causing a shriek of pain. The squirming ceased almost immediately. Three-finger grinned, gently stroking a pale cheek.
Sherlock scoffed, in no mood to believe him.
He wished he had thought of the deduction himself, that he could be a little cleverer to keep up with his partner's train of thought, but with the exception of Mycroft, John doubted many people at all could keep up with Sherlock Holmes' train of thought.
As he said this, they passed a peculiar sight. Abandoned houses and barns had increasingly been the norm as they made their drive, but this would be the first time any of them had seen an abandoned school bus. Permanently parked on an embankment and covered in weeds, the yellow exterior had mostly peeled away and been replaced by rust. Several windows were broken, and the door itself looked as though it had been yanked off its hinges by some unknown thing.
John's discomfort grew, and none of it could be attributed to arousal. All he could think of was Sherlock. Sherlock listening to every word of their exchange, maybe even cataloguing it for future reference. Sherlock bursting inside, once again showing his blatant disrespect of John's privacy. Sherlock's long, pale hand, fisting his cock...
Just as John found himself wondering where the third was, he felt spindly fingers grab the back of his neck, jolting him with surprise. Gnarled fingernails dug into skin for only a second, and he felt hot breath beating against his cheek as the creature laughed. John turned his head away on instinct, and saw that to his right was another figure similarly bound and hanging.
"Ridiculous?" Sherlock coolly returned the woman's stare. "Outrageous? There's something else, Miss Ferguson," he continued, taking a step towards her. "Aren't you going to invite me in?"
Inside his head, far from the tangible world, Sherlock entered his favourite place in all of his mind palace: a mnemonic representation of 221B Baker Street, accurate down to the smallest detail. It was a relatively new addition to his system, but unlike any of the previous rooms, most of which were created solely for the purpose of storing and categorizing information, Baker Street felt like home. That and John…
“I thought maybe you knew that,” he said. Sherlock finally did look at him, and indeed saw what he had not wanted to see. Disappointment. Pain. Sadness.
Sawtooth was going to be very angry.
Sherlock had been silent for the duration of Bobbi’s story, glancing at his surroundings. His behavior was not lost on the woman, especially when he yawned.
He heard a gruff shout, barely any words he could decipher. Did this clan even speak or understand English anymore, he wondered. The shorter creature all but toddled over to the tallest and received a harsh jostle for his troubles. Though neither of the monsters were ideal to combat, John hoped that few would remain few, and that no others were waiting to surprise him. The last thing he or Sherlock needed was to combat ten inbred lunatics.
The meditation seemed to help, but only as far as making the duration of the dinner preparations. A clang of metal brought him out of his self-induced fog, a ladle against the pot. Eyes flying open instinctively, Sherlock looked up at his keepers, who were a little too happy to see him. The only reason they were smiling was because they had something unpleasant in store for their "guest". The one-eyed idiot was gnawing on a severed, boiled hand with the remaining molars he had left. The skinny psycho happened to be holding a barbecue fork. Their gigantic leader had produced a tray table, setting it down and covering the surface with a large bowl filled with slices of freshly boiled meat.
John leaned forward slowly, trying to establish eye contact with Sherlock, which the younger man seemed determined to avoid at all costs. His hands were trembling again - though for an entirely different reason this time - and John could also detect a twitch in his facial muscles which did not seem voluntary. Both were clear signs of drug withdrawal. God, why hadn't he noticed any of this before? Or perhaps he had, but then he'd attributed everything to Sherlock simply being Sherlock, not for once thinking that perhaps Sherlock was truly sick, in the most clinical sense.
Sherlock plopped onto the sofa the moment he was led into the lodge. Now that he was inside, he seemed to be improving. Either that or he was beginning to act like his old self again.
A high-pitched cackling sound, akin to laughter, erupted from deranged mountain man's grinning mouth, and the very next moment he took a swing at Sherlock with his bowie knife.
"So, tell me. How did it go? And where's that pesky friend of yours?" Mary asked.
Indeed it was not. Sherlock carefully adjusted the lighting just a little more and then clicked 'sharpen'. His eyes narrowed, pleased at his discovery, while John's eyes widened.
This man was none of that. He'd even held his own against Three-finger before the patriarch himself got involved. Probably he had fought battles before, perhaps with his life at stake. His feisty nature coupled with his unusual appearance titillated Sawtooth. He would take great pleasure in cowing the spirited Outsider. Despite his years, Sawtooth always enjoyed a challenge.
“Oh… okay,” he replied, following her out of the pool, though he was quick to wrap his towel around himself.
Something about the situation worried John. Sherlock had been much too gracious about letting him go, even going as far as to embrace him and wish him a "great time abroad" before he stepped into the taxi that was to take him away from 221B Baker Street for an entire week.
"Wherever they are, they have to come back eventually."
The rest of the sentence faded off upon the discovery of Sherlock being fast asleep. One of his hands lay limp against his thinly muscled chest, while the other one, which had been vehemently gesticulating at John moments before, hung off the couch. The terrycloth rag still covered part of his face, including his eyes, but John did not need to see them to know that they were closed, and would likely remain so for the next few hours. John checked his pulse just to make sure that this was natural sleep and not another collapse, and it was down to a calming 90 beats per minute.
John finally chose to look at the floor under his feet. They dangled helplessly at least three inches above the frayed, filthy boards which constituted the floor of the cottage. The static position and his inability to change it caused lactic acid to form in his arms and shoulders, but that pain was nothing compared to what Sherlock must be feeling in this very moment.
The one-eyed man-child bounced in his seat and giggled.
Mycroft slowly struggled into a sitting position, unsuccessfully trying to hold back a pitiable whimper when the stiff, sore muscles in his back had to be straightened. Good God, he was in worse shape than he'd let on. Even to himself.
Turning on the coffeemaker in the kitchenette, John filled the filters, added water, and removed some sugar from the cupboard, curious as to the quality of the final product. Staring at the little machine and watching the slow drip, he stood silently, taking advantage of the quiet. He did not bother checking on Mary, as she was a light sleeper, and she likely would not be presently interested in seeing his face. The teakettle sat solitarily on the counter, still undamaged but slightly scuffed from its fall from last night.
"Of course. Sherlock..." She glanced at the sleeping man on the sofa with weary contempt. It was strange how young and innocent he looked in his sleep; truly a strong contrast to his wakeful self.
Perhaps Sherlock himself would be added to the food storage one day... but for now, he refused to be involved in their sick game.
John, holding the axe against his chest, realized that this was probably his one and only chance. A more ample opportunity was not likely to present itself soon. There was no doubt the murderous mountain men had headed back out into the woods to search for him. Their survival as a cannibalistic clan and capability to continue as they had depended on leaving absolutely no loose ends.
John suspected he had passed out once again, because in the length of time he took to blink, he noticed he was being moved, albeit very carefully.
Now that Sherlock had taken the pill, his assistant was feeling a little more at ease with the situation. Knowing the true reason for Sherlock’s drug use - and possibly also much of his behavior and personality - gave him an odd sense of comfort. Had Sherlock been simply using antipsychotics for whatever unknown, bizarre reason other than true medication, John would have been deeply shocked, even for someone as unconventional and curious as Sherlock. That being said, he should have remembered that even the great Sherlock Holmes had limits.
"Sir…?" Anthea approached her employer, gently touching his sleeve and offering tacit moral support in a way that was hopefully not too obtrusive. Despite being famous for his tactics of diplomacy and proficiency in office politics, Mycroft Holmes was an emotional dwarf with the same aversion to being touched as his younger brother.
Daylight was rapidly becoming increasingly scarce, and John cursed himself for omitting to bring a flashlight. Sherlock often forgot even the most essential equipment; it was John's job to plan ahead, be responsible, and make sure the detective did not simply throw himself headfirst into dangerous business. Could he blame his lack of preparation on the fact that Mary's disappearance had made him, as Sherlock would say, 'emotionally compromised'?
The scrabbling was coming from within, joined by the sound of breathing. Whomever was behind that door, their breathing came heavy and erratic, a clear sign that they were frightened. John pressed an ear to the door, worried at the chance of a trap.
"Very possibly," Sherlock replied, leaning back with fingers interlocked.
"I might have."
TBC...
Sherlock nodded, clearly deep in thought. He opened a Firefox window displaying a newspaper article dating back to September 7th, 2007, and the headline made John's breath hitch in his throat. "Couple Missing" in bold print, followed by a grainy, black-and-white photograph of a middle-aged pair of people, the woman blond and overweight and the man slightly slimmer, but with a receding hairline.
John fears Sherlock is lapsing into a depression and turns to the one man he can trust with Sherlock-related matters: Mycroft Holmes.
Sherlock slid off his doctor partner and flopped onto his back, ignoring the sunburns, and his right hand immediately took up the act of self-pleasure. John wondered if he should help, but Sherlock was so wrapped up in himself that John wondered if the detective was even aware of his presence anymore, his hand moving at near lightning speed.
“It’s bloody better than Glastonbury, at least. The summer there is warmer, for one thing.”
The mountain man was grunting like a pig as he drove himself into the body beneath. Though his rapist's massive frame almost completely covered Sherlock's, nothing failed to muffle his cries of pain, anguish and despair, all mixed into one.
"Mr. Holmes?"
"Oh, you'll be fine," he said with a casual shake of his head. "What could be better for Mary and yourself, than a small, narrow bed where bodily contact at all times is, should I say, non-optional?"
The stranger nodded, trying to make out his speech.
Mycroft began to feel the pull of sleep as he watched his brother's motionless form, and he nearly considering giving into the urge when Anthea extended her arm, indicating her phone. With a quirk of the corners of her mouth, she showed a phone number on the screen, complete with extension: the therapist's personal number.
She shrugged. "Yes and no. They were sorta weird. The joke going around was that we liked their dogs better than them. Two little dogs: a mini pinscher and a pug."
"What is the state of my brother?" Mycroft calmly asked, skipping the pleasantries before they could begin.
The area behind the door was very small, barely more than a pocket built into the wall, and it offered just enough space to accommodate Sherlock's prostrate form on the floor. The detective lay bound and gagged, effective immobilized by duct tape, and John was momentarily horrified by the amount of dried blood on his face. What would he find when he looked beyond those voluminous curls: a cleft skull?
John Watson, who lived only in Sherlock's memories now.
Ready to dash out of the cabin, he fought to restrain himself, to repress the sudden feeling of dread. As determined to stay put as John had seemed, ready to bash someone's brains out for so much as looking in his direction, something - anything - could have happened. Call it instinct, call it the practical concern of tampered evidence, but Sherlock felt an immediate sense of alarm at being separated from John.
The younger man was also awake, and though he tried to keep his expression neutral, his eyes told of the fear he felt within every inch of his body. The same feeling was taking hold of John as well.
Then a sound reached her ears and she paused. She was trying to decipher the source of the noise, and she looked ready to turn and run. It did not matter. The creaking bow of a third shadow was aimed at her. The arrow would reach its target perfectly.
“Alright,” she waved behind her, towards the camping grounds. “I have a trailer set up there.”
"My PA is here to handle things when I'm otherwise occupied," he replied, taking a seat on the nearest bed. "But if it involves my brother..."
"Sarah was... is... my best friend," she said, embarrassed to have been caught referring to her friend in past tense. "We met in high school and we've been close ever since. When we discovered Avalon a few years ago it felt like we'd finally found a place where we could fully be ourselves..."
Of course for all he knew, private chauffeuring in this town would mean a rusty old lorry truck. He pinched the bridge of his nose; pessimism and stress from the situation was definitely getting to him.
"Sir," the other nurse, realizing very quickly that Sherlock would never stay still for reinsertion, let alone keep the needle in place. "We're going to need to turn your brother over to sedate him."
Pocketing the pill, John looked at Sherlock and considered waking him for a direct confrontation. But he stamped down the panicked impulse and simply sat. Sherlock would be unpleasant to deal with regarding the sunburns alone, and outright demanding answers would cause the detective to immediately retreat into his mind. Sherlock would respond like a tortoise being attacked by a predator, and thusly hide behind a shell, and rightly so. No, this would require gentility. Sherlock was oftentimes like a child, and so oftentimes he had to be treated as such.
The next time he had some clear sense of his surroundings, however brief, was when the cabin door opened and the family entered, unceremoniously dumping their dazed captive onto the dilapidated, grubby mattress of one of the beds. One discernible thought flickered most prominently in both dreams and wakeful state of mind: John was dead.
"What about him?"
John knew the possibility that Sherlock hadn't heard him was highly unlikely; the detective's hearing was as acute as his other senses, and he had proven many times over that he picked up stuff that weren't even intended for his ears. No. Something was wrong. John's gut had been trying to tell him that for some time.
"We're not staying at the nudist resort!" John hissed at Sherlock as they were briskly walking toward the gates.
"Maybe I'll stay out here all night," Sherlock muttered. "Get eaten by a bear. Or our culprits."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "John, please! You're not exactly discreet."
John and Sherlock continue to fight for survival - separately.
"I've been receiving a number of messages from a patient by the name of John Watson. I would like to leave him a message."
"He had cocaine hidden away in his flat. It took me less than five seconds to figure out where. I was impatient and tried pinching some when he was still home."
"Thursday, 4th of July," the civil servant replied. "A festive day for the Yanks, I believe. Not quite the same can be said for us."
"Close it down!" Sherlock shouted, making stabbing gestures at the screen and his brother's image. "If I have to look at that face one more second I'll be sick!"
John sighed. "I won't. Promise."
"And...?" Mycroft said.
"But..." John objected, although he did nothing to stop her when she pushed past him into the kitchen area. She tore two cans out of the six pack of beer in their mini fridge and then wordlessly retreated into the room she - up until now, anyway - shared with her boyfriend. Whatever thinking she was required to do, it was clearly not something she wanted to do sober.
Had John's throat not already felt like sandpaper (with the respirator making it even dryer) it most certainly would have dried at the question posed by Mycroft Holmes. It also frustrated him to no end that he could not - in a quite literal sense - give the other man an answer. The device breathing for him did not allow him to speak. No matter how badly he wanted to yell at Mycroft to take his ever-present goons and do something useful for once, that did not include spying on his younger brother or kidnapping a certain ex-army surgeon for questioning, he could not.
Sherlock. Who was now apparently off-limits to him. That bastard Mycroft. That wretched dastardly prick.
"Mr. Holmes?" he said, removing the mask. "I'm Doctor Nasim. I've been seeing to your brother." His accent complimented his surname. Suddenly Mycroft felt a little more like he was back in Britain.
A tiny twinge of guilt struck Sherlock's core, but he swallowed it down, focusing instead on the matter at hand. Taking a deep breath to prepare facing his friend, he was met with the ever-present stench of the yard and cabin, and he was not quite sure if he could ever be desensitized to the foul odor of blood, entrails, rotting flesh, sweat and...
"Can you tell me a story, Mycroft?"
Eventually John stopped fighting it. He experienced brief moments of clarity following, during one of which he attempted to write Sherlock's name in the ground beneath him. It did not go well. The mud was too loose, the ground too soggy, and the letters he formed disappeared before he could start working on the next.
Sherlock looked faintly surprised, perhaps a little hurt. “No arguments?”
Crouching down behind the steering wheel to make herself as small as possible to avoid being hit by an arrow, a bullet, or any other projectile that her attacker might feel like hurling in her direction, Mary considered abandoning the car to seek refuge amongst the foliage. In here she was an easy target; too easy. She would put herself at risk when crossing the road (she now thanked the fates for the narrowness of it), but if she managed to launch herself into the thicket, her chances of survival would increase by far.
"He woke up disoriented and I had to restrain him," Mycroft said with a hint of defensiveness. Who was this woman to be giving him dirty looks? "His IV was torn out."
The noise abated once the paramedics entered the helicopter with their patient. John kept his eyes closed for the most part, picking up a few words here and there, mostly medical jargon which he knew quite well. An oxygen mask was placed over his face, and he felt one of the paramedics searching for a suitable vein on his arm - the left one - to insert an IV catheter.
“You tell me,” Sherlock replied.
John recoiled from her wrath, practically deflating before her eyes. He briefly entertained the idea of claiming that Sherlock coerced him into the whole thing, but the last thing he needed now was making up more lies. He had been just as willing as Sherlock himself and would thus have to accept an equal amount of blame.
. This is your last warning, people, so if you're not a horror fan (particularly of the slasher/splatter genre) you're encouraged to seek out something else that suits your tastes better. We do not seek to offend anyone, and we only want willing readers.
Early afternoon? Judging from shadow length at the time of John's and his attempted escape, it had been no later than eight but no earlier than seven-thirty. How many minutes - hours? - had passed since his recapture? Sherlock didn't know. He also no longer trusted his senses to provide his brain with the correct information.
Sherlock - little Will - breathed long and deep, knowing to stay calm was crucial. Calm was good. Quiet was good. Quiet meant that no one could get to them. No one could hurt them. They were safe there.
Mycroft then paused, his forehead creased from the apparently painful recollection. Yet his Ice-man mask did not falter.
"Are there any pre-operative health problems we should know about?" the nurse inquired. "Any hereditary conditions or...?"
"What?" a member of the team replied, incredulous.
Sherlock said nothing, once again cautiously looking around before standing upright. He glanced through the shattered front passenger door. As he suspected, Mary's purse and other belongings were still within, of no interest to her captors. When carefully lifting the purse open, he noted her money was still present as well. Of course, the group of criminals had no use for money if they were simply living in the middle of the woods like wild animals, likely not having access to electricity or plumbing either.
Would he be raped again? Would part of him be eaten? Sherlock's brain still worked well enough to deduce that he would not. He heard no cackling from the skinny psycho that might indicate the excitement of oncoming torture. Glancing aside, he happened to see the idiot standing nearby, yawning and rubbing at his solitary eye. It was then that Sherlock realized the darkness of his surroundings was not from weakened vision, but rather from the approach of night. Obviously the hunters wanted to use their beds, and their wretched guest was taking up too much space.
The copious presence of thick, deep mud likely obscured other clues, but the most telling were also the most frightening to John. Fragments of broken glass from a vehicle, deep tire tracks from said vehicle, likely stuck in the thick muck... and a trail of blood leading away from the scene.
"Do you have anyone to stay with you while you wait?"
Initially he thought he saw pre-ejaculate weeping from the head, but based on the reddened surface and clusters of irritation, he quickly changed his conclusion. Gonorrhea. He might just throw up after all, and possibly choke on the vomit as the hardening shaft was driven into his mouth.
"Mr. Holmes, I..." The surgeon quickly reined himself in. "I'm sorry, I know you're a busy man. I'll try to fill you in on your brother's status."
Mary pouted for just a moment, but she knew John was right.
"We don't get many foreigners out here," the woman continued, blissfully aware of the new guests' discomfort around her. "Especially not such good looking ones!"
"Ah, I'm afraid you can't go into the O.R.," she said, keeping in pace with the man. "There's paperwork that also needs to be done, and--"
Sherlock thought back to his relationship with John. Getting John had been easy; keeping him was what posed the real challenge. How many times had he half-heartedly rejected his friend's attempts to initiate post-coital snuggling on the simple basis that he was not a "cuddly" or "touchy-feely" person? Then leaving, adamantly claiming they would be more comfortable sleeping separately? He had taken John for granted, assuming the doctor's blatant admiration for him, for his brilliant mind, would be enough to keep John at his side without any commitment on his part to meet John's emotional needs. He had misjudged, and John had moved on to find someone who could better fulfill his desire for intimacy. A woman.
"Sherlock, you know it's rude to listen to what people do in the privacy of their bedroom."
The pulling suddenly shifted to a drop. If he really was not dead, he would have a new array of bruises to add to the old.
Sherlock focused on breathing deeply and tried his best to block out the disturbing aromas and noises assaulting his senses. He could not re-enter his mind palace now - his body was in too much agony to allow for such an escape - but he could attempt to apply a meditation technique taught to him by his first psychotherapist, to whom he had been referred as a young teenager for "anger management issues". The meditation technique was the only useful thing Sherlock had picked up from months of therapy, although it had helped him little in his dealings with life later on.
Just as he thought he would draw his last breath and suffocate, a flap above him was unzipped. Sherlock gasped for the air, feeling some brief bit of clarity in his brain. Zippered lid, rectangular cramped space... This was not a body bag, but a suitcase. Though he had merciful air, it reeked of excrement. Had he been dropped into sewage? Something entered the opening, shoved into the case with him, long and thin. A hose of some kind? The flap was zipped shut again, leaving the hose stuck in its place.
"You're excused, Doctor," Mycroft said, his calm demeanor a sharp contrast to his current inner turmoil.
“Just a short while ago,” Mary explained, sitting up and facing him. “In the pool, you seemed very tense. And it’s not that I was cross with you about getting intimate in the water where we could get in trouble. I just don’t want to go into this with the wrong impression.”
Making a subtle change to his position in an attempt to alleviate the pain in his shoulders, the detective had to admit defeat when the change did nothing except worsen the ache. Blind, immobile, and only able to breathe through his nose, he tried to utilize the only sense he still had control over by listening for sounds that might indicate either the return of his captors, or - as Sherlock desperately hoped - his saviour.
They wasted no time dallying in the convenience store after their inquiry, as Sherlock’s poking around in the aisles was beginning to alarm other customers.
Was this it? John wordlessly asked himself. Was this how Sherlock Holmes and John Watson were to meet their end, not battling the likes of a criminal mastermind, but slashed to ribbons as food for inbred degenerates?
“Of course it doesn’t,” Sherlock said nonchalantly. “It’s a small town of little over 500 people.”
Finally he made sound, choking out a rebellious cry as he was invaded. Three-finger and One-Eye giggled at the futile attempts of fighting back. The weak jaw tightened and Sawtooth paid it no mind; he knew the little rat was instinctively biting down, but it made no difference. Prey always thought they had a chance at hurting the family, but they did not feel the pain, not nearly to the capacity of Outsiders. It was truly a satisfying, sweet thing to experience, the  realization that they could not hurt their attackers, and subsequent discovery of the pain the family was capable of causing.
"Sarah's not the first person to have disappeared from Avalon. There was that couple in '07. You've been going here for ten years, and you seem to be a pretty tightly knit community. Surely you knew them, or at least knew *of* them?"
'Yes'.
The trigger was pulled.
Both their doors were sealed with sturdy padlocks before the mountain men finally decided to leave the two men alone. Inside the room ruled utter darkness.
He started when he saw movement to the left of him, but when he realized it was only Sherlock, he hurried toward him.
TBC...
"Thank you," he said, his tone sincere.
“MARY.”
Ambulance? Where the bloody hell were they going to get an ambulance? As far as John knew, he was surrounded by miles upon miles of forests. According to the information about the area, the nearest hospital was forty minutes away. Nearly two hours of driving, and then God only knew how long he would be treated before he could tell anyone about a second person needing medical care...
Then a voice spoke up, nasal and high, words twisted almost beyond recognition by the customary mountain drawl accent, but a speaking voice nonetheless. It
“What kind?”
There goes my other shoulder, the doctor thought, realizing that fate was indeed not without a sense of irony.
John rolled his eyes. “Not all of America is like an excerpt from shoddy horror film. Especially not all of the Appalachian Mountains.”
“That kind of dress is against etiquette,” Sherlock said after one glance. “No dressing to titillate. This is no swingers' club.” Mary crossed her arms and glared at him.
"Don't," Mycroft ordered and figured he had to explain himself upon noting the surprised, skeptical look sported by the nurse. "Not yet. I've got this under control. Another stranger coming here to prod at him will only cause him further distress."
"Any medications he's currently taking?" she naturally asked next.
"John, there are
Mycroft rubbed at his brow with his thumb and forefinger, deliberating. "What do you say to a deal?"
“Yes,” Bobbi said, standing up as well. “But I don’t have a key.”
He didn't deem it necessary to add that in many respects, Sherlock was still a child. A petulant man-child who could not be trusted to look after himself half of the time. A task, which, in the recent years, had been passed on to John. He wondered if at least Mycroft was able to live a fuller life now that Sherlock was not his responsibility alone.
"There's… my PA. She--"
Despite what John said, he had not wanted her to die. There were times when he'd wished she would disappear out of John's life, when he'd purposely tried to drive her away and alienate her by his rude and uncouth behaviour, and when he had, admittedly, done his very best to sabotage her budding relationship with John using methods his friend referred to as 'morally depraved'. But he had never, ever wished the life out of her.
"Now is a perfect time," Mycroft cut in, taking the clipboard with the documents from her. He knew, naturally, that Sherlock's treatment in America would not be given for free, but money had never been a problem for the Holmes family, and he would happily finance anything that was needed to ensure his brother's recovery out of his own pocket. Sherlock, given his lifestyle and the dangers that went with it, had not enjoyed paid-for health insurance in years, instead having relied on the NHS and Mycroft's influence as a "minor" government official to fund his - admittedly rather frequent - use of medical resources.
Then a hand, not Mycroft's, not even Moran's or his father's, grabbed Sherlock by the chin and pointed his face upward. In the dim light - morning, the detective thought - he saw a hateful grin, all inflamed gums and missing teeth.
Sherlock was not very surprised at his fate, but he did find it peculiar that even primeval monsters such as these would value privacy. Then again... they were only human.
“Don’t argue with me,” Sherlock said, locking eyes with the doctor. “There’s no argument, you want to have sex with her.”
Finishing his meager breakfast, Mycroft put on his shoes and slowly stood up, taking his essentials and new change of clothing with him. Leaving the sleeping quarters, he was about to head to the waiting room where Anthea would likely be, only to see her come around the corner. At times such as these she almost seemed to have a sixth sense.
“Maybe if this had been addressed before, we might not be in this situation now,” John replied, “or maybe not. This was always what separated us.”
Mary immediately noticed the dogged expression on his face, and her eyebrows shot up against her forehead.
Unsteady, the detective still managed to get to one of the shower stalls with John’s help. While Mary used the adjacent shower on her own, John remained with Sherlock and made sure he did not slip off of the seat. As a plus, this ensured that he was able to rinse off the sweat.
Sherlock was surprisingly reserved in his response, but he breathed deeply, his breaths audible but not yet reaching a moan. He leaned backward as his assistant and friend increased the depth of his fingers, playfully moving them inside him. Finally, he moved backwards, off of the fingers which penetrated him, and lifted himself over the other's erect cock. John expected the wonderful snug feeling which would follow, but instead Sherlock spoke.
A choked cry escaped him as his wounded leg was harshly seized and lifted. He looked again at his captors, expecting them to be removing more clothes and stroking themselves hard, but instead they were looping the belt (which was likely coated in decades' worth of grime) around the gouged and torn flesh. The leader tied the belt tight, and Sherlock briefly wondered if the improvised tourniquet would be so tight as to cut off all circulation in his foot. The detective's thought process did not go much further, as he finally began to sink into wonderful unconsciousness, though he perceived that he might have been picked up and thrown across a broad shoulder.
“I haven’t found an air conditioner. It’ll be too warm for those,” Mary replied, lifting her arm and extending it toward him. “You can get in as is.”
It smiled, passing one large, filthy hand along the length of the detective's torso. The contact made Sherlock's skin crawl. His heart sped up, pounding against his ribs like a caged animal desperate for freedom, and a new layer of cold sweat broke out on his brow. The thing's foul body odour filled his nostrils, and though Sherlock would freely admit to neglecting his personal hygiene at times, the smell currently assaulting his senses was almost too much to stomach.
"John, COME ON! Right now!"
A few seconds passed, and the civil servant began to fear Sherlock hadn't understood the instructions. Then the fingers wrapped around his wrist delivered one very particular squeeze.
Sherlock.
"Don't look, John…" he whispered, manually turning the doctor's face away from the carnage. "I told you not to look, but you had to anyway."
"Yes," Mycroft said calmly, unfazed by the tirade. "I admit I was suspicious of you when you and Sherlock first got acquainted, but I assure you it had nothing to do with neither your upbringing nor your level of intellect. I was merely looking out for my brother, since Sherlock has previously had problems with your type."
"You were worried. I know you worry, John. You have that in common with Mycroft."
Until now she had not had reason to view the supple-bodied detective as a sexual rival, and John was certain that such a reveal would add further hostility to their already tense relationship... assuming Mary even wanted to continue seeing him after that.
John did not know what to say. And by the time he did, he did not get the chance to speak. An employee announced on an intercom that their flight was now boarding. John sighed and rubbed at the bridge of his nose.
Sherlock looked towards the direction of the voice, seeing that his assistant sat motionless in a chair next to the laptop. He did not look happy. A blind person could have been able to tell. Not that Sherlock cared about how John was feeling. Priorities were presently different.
Process of elimination concerning Sherlock's injuries was nonexistent. It had to be one thing.
"I'm still bleeding," a quiet, pained voice said. "It's less than a flow, but more than a trickle. It should slow down in the next few hours if I do nothing to aggravate it."
Flashback to an event which contributed to making Sherlock Holmes the man he is today. What part did Anderson play in that?
"Hurry," Sherlock hissed, desperate to be rid of this place and these horrible bastards once and for all. John saw the willowy fingers outstretched beyond the hole and nearly took hold of them on the spot. Instead, he eased himself onto his stomach and crawled forward.
John saw Mycroft close his eyes, his expression grave.
John navigated his way along the riverbank, cursing the fact that it was so steep. He needed to watch where he put his feet, or he would soon be rolling down the slope like a big, bouncy marble.
"This is gonna sound dumb," Ferguson said, and already Sherlock wanted to snap at her to get to her point. "But there's sort of a rumor that's gone around for the past few years. It's been around since before I got here and that was ten years now... Anyway, people have talked about something being in the woods, maybe even before the seventies. The resort doesn't really like to talk about it. I dunno if you have mountain men in your country...?"
"Leave, please," he rasped out.
"Nothing, I..." He tried his best not to fidget. "I'm just a little worried... about Sherlock." At least that was not an outright lie.
"All the better then," Sherlock retorted acidly. He marched over to the kitchen counter and ran his burnt hand under a cold tap under absolute silence. Though John utterly failed to deduce what had caused Sherlock's pitch black mood, he could tell from his friend's bearing, as well as the granite muscles hidden beneath his silk robe, that it was a serious matter.
Once inside, John gave the woman at the front desk a fleeting look before he turned his head. Though she wore a skirt for hygiene purposes at a publically used desk and chair, she was otherwise topless. John could not help his physician instinct from taking over as he continued to give sidelong glances her way. From the neck - or what was left of it - down, she resembled an overweight man; he would have guessed visceral fat from the way her stomach stuck out further that her breasts. She gave what in her estimation had to be a welcoming grin as she greeted them. Her gapped teeth looked beyond yellow.
"John, what's wrong?" She sounded alarmed.
Sherlock listened to the heated exchange taking place outside his room. He had not moved a limb since the drunk woman burst in and John immediately followed like a well-trained puppy dog, babbling frantic apologies and presenting transparent excuses for the situation she had walked in on. The doctor was lying, and when lies didn't get him off the hook, he offered half-truths.
Why couldn't they have chosen him instead? He was a soldier, used to taking the brunt of an enemy's cruelty to protect others. He had, however, failed to protect both Sherlock and Mary, the two people closest to him. Was this his punishment for his fecklessness, John wondered, to watch his loved ones suffer and die before his very eyes?
The elder Holmes tried to steel himself for the discovery. He had been working toward mentally preparing himself for this exact finding with dogged determination, but even though his logical brain had predicted the outcome, and accepted it, his feeling side - small, underdeveloped, and deeply repressed - would have no part of it. Mycroft was not ready to emotionally accept his younger sibling's demise.
John took his flatmate's twitching hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. "I haven't left you. And I never will. You have my word."
"Try quitting drug addiction outright and see if you're still so optimistic," Sherlock retorted.
John had not seen Mycroft or any of his associates since the elder Holmes' rude awakening of him. He had no idea how much time had passed. He was only conscious some of the time, spending long intervals either unconscious or in a haze that could only be described as something between sleep and wakefulness. It was difficult to draw a clear line between the states.
Sherlock said nothing for less than a minute, and then gingerly eased himself closer to John. He knew very well that John enjoyed the ‘cuddling’ after sex, though he was not fond of such himself. Either way, John still seemed to be on Sherlock’s side, as it were. All things considered, their confrontation could have gone far worse. He might as well indulge his assistant for once.
The detective's shoulders arched up defensively. One pale blue eye peeked out from between the protective web of his fingers. "No. I'm not schizophrenic. I have bipolar disorder. I've been on Clozapine since I was twenty-one."
Mycroft kept his expression like a blank slate, not only from the grotesque sight before him, but the question put forth. He hardly wanted to think of Dr. Watson at the moment, his own emotions barging in against rational thought.
Hearing the rattling doors of the truck slam shut, One-Eye nervously glanced back at the figure in the crate, rearranged a few rags, and - for lack of any other ideas - moved to sit on the bed where the Outsider once lay. Perhaps his relatives might not notice...
“And how did you think I could simply tell you that?” he snapped. “Just casually mention it over breakfast? Maybe I neglected to tell you because it was simply less painful! It’s been years since it was truly a problem, and it would have still not been a problem if you hadn’t found the damn pills.”
The smell of fresh blood became stronger and stronger the closer he got to his trapped prey, and mixed with it was also the very distinct smell of fear; something the seasoned mountain man had learned to distinguish extremely well in his long life as a hunter. It had taken more than usual to bring out the fear in this particular Outsider, but it was definitely there now. The scent was almost intoxicating in its sweetness, and Sawtooth felt his member stiffen beneath his dirty overalls simply from smelling the scrawny whore's pain. There would be a lot more of that to come.
To his surprise, that actually drew a small chuckle from the detective. Sherlock's morose disposition quickly returned, however, after a series of rapid, repetitive eye blinks, which only served to remind him of his lifelong illness and the adverse side effects brought on by the medication.
He had received no calls from the hospital, which could only mean Sherlock's condition was unchanged. Mycroft felt ambivalent about it. Part of him - the biggest part - hoped for a speedy recovery, but another, hidden part wished that Sherlock would remain comatose for the rest of his life simply so that Mycroft did not have to deal with the consequences. If he'd been one to carry sentiment, he almost would have been ashamed of his thoughts. Mycroft Holmes was never one to take the easy way out because he did not want to work hard. Unlike Sherlock. Realizing his bitterness, he pushed those thoughts aside.
Mary was still finding the notion of Sherlock naked amusing when she looked up at John, who seemed to be stuck in another world.
“Then what will you do about this?” she asked impatiently.
"That's what I wanted to discuss with you, Mr. Holmes," Nasim said. There was blood on his green surgical scrubs; Sherlock's, Mycroft wondered, or blood from a donor bag to replace the vast amounts his brother had already lost?
He received no response, but Sherlock did not have to turn his head to see the aggravated look which he knew had to be on John’s face.
"I figured as much, Will, my dear," Mycroft said and beckoned his brother closer. The first whiff of urine could be detected when William came within arm's reach. The stores offered no baby nappies in his brother's size, so the Holmeses had started ordering them via mail from strange places around the country. However, acquiring the nappies was the least of their worries. William being almost five and still needing them was a much more pressing concern.
Fighting the panic hammering in his heart, he dashed into a clearing to get a better look at the sky. Yes, the machine was bigger in the blue sky than they normally were. It may land. Outsiders would come out of them. Because of their newest prey? Had others come looking for them?
"This one's a runner," the doctor said. "Also, the pathway by that set of prints isn't in so straight a line as the others. Maybe someone the giant was chasing?"
In his slow creep towards the blade and dazed observation of the two hunters, Sherlock had not realized he had an audience.
John wrapped both arms around the detective's narrow waist and pressed their bodies together, his soft, burgeoning belly flush against Sherlock's almost concave one, the younger man's weeping arousal trapped between them. John could feel every single one of Sherlock's ribs through his skin, as well as the crests of his hipbones. For someone dangerously thin, Sherlock was certainly anything but dainty.
As long as Sherlock was found and rescued, the doctor cared little about what happened to his own body. As bad as things were, he had gotten off easy compared to his poor friend.
“Umm, which cabin was reserved for two?” John blurted, stepping forward. He tried his best innocent grin and pointed at Mary, who was looking ready to come inside and ask what was keeping him. “The missus is rather tired. We’ve come all the way from JFK.”
Mycroft Holmes stared at the computer screen as he might stare at an insolent colleague who was not aware to whom he was speaking. Thin white fingers traced the grooves of the armrest of his chair as he sat otherwise unmoving, looking at the glow of the screen.
“Dirtier!” Sherlock snapped, clenching around his friend’s cock. It caused an unbearable, wonderful jolt of pain and pleasure to rush through John, reaching every extremity.
John had to admit that his friend, for all his callousness and cold-hearted reasoning, was probably right. Sherlock's lack of a heart was what allowed him to see things clearly without being hindered or dragged down by sentiment.
Pressing the button one more time, John was pleased to find that the camera worked again. The display screen lit up and was instantly filled with the color of flesh.  John nearly blushed at the awkwardly lascivious poses of the subject.
At least a corpse would not mind being raped, John grimly found himself thinking.
"Mmphh!" The doctor tried his best to voice a protest through his gag when the smaller creature cupped his genitals and began to roll his testicles with mock gentility. Were they going to geld him? Emasculate him? He had a horrific mental image of the three-fingered cannibal tearing his penis off using only its teeth and then sharing the treat with his two companions.
"If you'd told me, perhaps I could have been more... understanding," John said, thinking back on all those time when he'd thought of Sherlock simply being a condescending, self-absorbed git with no regard to the feelings and needs of other people. His rapid mood swings, low attention span, and oftentimes impaired judgment... it all made sense now. How could John, as a doctor, have missed all the signs? They had practically been under his very nose the whole time.
The medical staff would be only be too glad to say goodbye to their patient when he finally departed, Mycroft considered. If he would finally depart.
As a small child, One-Eye had at times envisioned his hand being similar to that of his primary caregiver, but now that such a possibility was imminent, he no longer wanted it. He tried flexing his fingers, and though all five digits obeyed his command, the two which had been bit were slower to respond, and the movement caused fresh blood to seep from the gashes.
Something about the notion of laying down to sleep, to be at his most vulnerable in front of these people, unnerved him. No, that was not true. Sleep was not the most vulnerable he could have been. To do so would have involved openly weeping, and he would never do that.
John tensed at first, in slight disbelief at what his partner was doing, but he quickly calmed at the contact. Despite all which had happened within the past week alone, he appreciated the gesture, especially from someone who was never very keen on showing affection. He felt a squeeze from Sherlock's long fingers and managed to give him a smile.
It amazed John how rational and objective his friend was being despite the distressing circumstances and the horrific violation he was just recently subjected to. Was Sherlock using logic as a means of coping? John had witnessed the abject panic in Sherlock moments before he was held down and penetrated against his will, and he was absolutely certain it had been genuine.
Rotting, dead flesh. They had brought a corpse with them.
“Technically Sherlock broke in and I followed him inside,” John said with a sly smile.
"I wasn't..."
Why had he chosen to wear the jacket over his T-shirt? It offered a degree of protection against the mosquitoes and gnats which populated the forest air, but it was also making him overheat profusely. And what had become of his supposed partner?!
What little was left inside Sherlock's stomach lurched dangerously, but he swallowed down the urge to throw up. He had already felt the nasty thing inside him before, but he would have rather taken it where it had entered previously than allow it in his mouth. Climbing onto the mattress, the mountain man pulled his prisoner closer, guiding a bloody face towards his groin.
TBC...
"How long did it take for Sherlock to relapse that time?" Mycroft asked from the video feed. "Ninety-two days?"
“This must be…” John declared, though Sherlock drowsily cut him off.
After she was told that she had been a great help and that they would contact her if they found out anything further, Bobbi Ferguson went on her way, with some slight resignation.
He had only been sitting ten feet away.
"Should we tell Ferguson?" John asked.
"It is my brain that is starving, not my body!" the detective snapped. "I need a case, not greasy East-asian food! Something!"
There was nothing. An indent rather than an outline. Sherlock would never walk again without crutches or a prosthesis.
"There's more. The impression of his right foot is less distinct than the left. What does that tell you?"
"Even if you inserted it handle first..." he trailed off, repulsed at the idea, despite the desperation of their predicament.
Would his friend be able to keep up the pace needed for a successful escape? Would he be able to run in the first place? Would running aggravate his injuries?
“Is this what sluts like?” John murmured through his heavy breathing. Sherlock made some unintelligible cry of verification, and the doctor watched his neck, entranced by the bobbing Adam’s apple made all the more noticeable by Sherlock’s slick, sweat-covered skin. '
The combined laughter of the cleft-mouthed giant and the three-fingered madman joined the man-child's infantile guffawing, and to Sherlock's surprise and then utter disgust, the idiot began to touch him with something that could only be described as mock tenderness. One large, filthy hand stroked his damp nest of curls and he swore he could hear hushing noises of comfort leave the medium-sized lunatic's mouth.
“We were different,” Sherlock corrected.
"Sherlock is not fine," John broke in.
The patriarch growled out a reminder: they had little time to waste. That certainly put a damper on his son's plans. Perturbed, Three-finger pressed his face to the whore's neck and inhaled the stink of sweat, infection and fear. He had to think of something. Something swift and satisfying, that left the little creature to suffer.
He swept his eyes across the interior of the picturesque little lodge, seeing if he would discover something not previously noticed, until his gaze landed on Sherlock's laptop. John had hooked it up to an adapter last night before going to sleep, and he assumed the battery was fully charged now. Perhaps he could while away some time by surfing online? Granted the WI-FI connection was insufferably slow to someone who was used to the speed and comfort of modern broadband, but it was the only thing available, and John supposed they should be grateful for that. The area did not even have mobile phone service.
Sherlock failed to suppress a wince when his friend next to him emitted a particularly heart-wrenching cry of pure agony, and from the corner of his eye, the detective could see that they had indeed drawn blood this time.
John remained on his knees on the ground for a few seconds while Sherlock rose, and he stared at the dirt while the shed door was closed behind him. Clearly this was an attempt to lessen some of John's pain at the discovery, but Mary's mutilated corpse was still only a few paces away, visible or not.
was at least a few hours of uninterrupted sleep, but presently he could not afford either.
Sawtooth crammed his fingers inside the yelping mouth. His hands were far too big to allow any sort of power in a rebellious bite, and even so, if the whore tried in any way to fight back, the giant could easily grab onto the tongue inside and do whatever he wanted with it. The Outsider squirmed and his back arched, but he was powerless. His squeals became muffled shrieks when the pliers entered and closed around a tooth. Licking the gap of his split lip and gums, Sawtooth gripped tightly and pulled.
"Touch me some more," Sherlock implored in a husky voice. John felt the first stir of arousal in the pit of his stomach, and then Sherlock was on him, kissing him ferociously while his hands did everything in their power to open John's robe without breaking the kiss.
He was not surprised when she stared at him incredulously, her eyes wide with realization and anger, but his stomach sank all the same. Sherlock only observed their behavior, for once silent. He likely was curious to see how the rest of this fiasco would play out, like a biologist witnessing some rare behavior of an endangered animal.
"We still have the camera," Sherlock stated. "We'll photograph more evidence. Grab something for a weapon while you're at it." He glanced aside as though to indicate those responsible for this mess.
Sherlock groaned at the sound of a door closing with a little more force than was necessary and opened his eyes. His head was throbbing with a dull pain, and his entire upper body, including his face, felt like it had been doused with gasoline and set on fire.
"Someone from the cabin?" he offered, even though he had a feeling this was indeed the connection they were looking for.
"It wasn't what it looks like," John argued, desperate to make Mary stay, even if it meant lying at her face. "I was just... putting Sherlock to bed. He's had it rough. I was just trying to help."
Chapter 17
“I’m going to go look for the car,” he said, his voice low and even. He simply turned around to leave.
He heard an impious laugh back at the grounds and winced. Perhaps not even in all of Britain could they have faced something so awful. If Sherlock was still alive to count as the 'they' in question.
"I'll alert the doctor on call."
Good God, no wonder his body could not keep up. John felt a stab of guilt knowing that Sherlock would likely not have gotten to this stage if only John had come with him.
“Can we not bring up your brother when we’re about to fuck?” John said with a groan that was partially out annoyance, but mostly due to Sherlock’s fingers wrapping around his cock once more.
His eldest son's ruckus had awoken Sawtooth, accompanied as usual by loud, screeching noises and giggles. Already before he reached full consciousness, the patriarch was angry. Three-finger had no business disturbing his sleep before the sun was up, but no matter how many times he punished the cretin, Three-finger still forgot. Unless, of course, he did it out of deliberate disrespect, which was even worse. Either way, Sawtooth was going to teach him a lesson.
Apologies for the lack of updates in the past few months. Myself and BloodylocksBathory are in the process of moving. Enjoy. :) We promise there will be more!
“Possibly,” he replied. “I just keep expecting to turn around and see him.”
"So, a giant with a curved back? Is that whom we're looking for?"
John wondered if he should have gone with Sherlock despite his reservations, just so that he could extract the detective from a sticky situation, should one arise. Then again, Sherlock had already disappeared from his field of vision, and John did not want to chase him down, like a puppy dog following its master.
John shook his head in equal frustration. By pure dumb luck, he and Sherlock had happened upon Mary's path towards the cabin, not to mention the cabin itself. On top of that, the trauma he had experienced within the past day was hammering out chunks of his memory at one time, then jamming them back in later, only to knock out another piece. He scribbled down more words and showed Mycroft what he had written.
"Sherlock…" he tried again, and this time his tongue very nearly glued itself to his palate, his entire mouth behaving as though his saliva glands had stopped working altogether.
The skinny one's head hung for a moment, dazed by the blow, and Sawtooth moved behind him. The awl was still in one meaty hand, and he drifted its tip up the length of the man's spine. He felt and saw the small start of the pale body, and his cloven mouth spread into a grin as he closed his free hand around one half of his prey's backside, squeezing at the supple, curved flesh. The body beneath his touch stiffened as though stricken with rigor mortis, but only for a few seconds.
Sherlock and John are desperately trying to escape their forest-dwelling cannibal captors.
John instinctively tried to chew on the inside of his cheek, but obviously was unable to. He wrote down his answer, hesitated, and regretfully added the remainder. As Mycroft read the response, the doctor could have sworn he saw a hint of a shudder.
And Sherlock never thought of such precautions either...
But the sound of a removed belt or unzipped trousers did not occur. A hard member was still covered with material as it nudged against the small of the detective's back. The hot breath beat against Sherlock's neck and he cringed as he felt the thick, overwhelming body envelope his shaking form. Even with the mountain man's hard sex straining against trousers and unable to penetrate him, Sherlock was still at risk of being hurt, possibly by being crushed or suffocated. He whimpered when he felt the creature's full weight lay on top of him, resuming that terrible humping motion.
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock said, hands up defensively, as though the anger he was receiving was unfair. “I’ve asked around the resort, and they’ve said that yellow store in Paw-Paw has plenty of groceries. And near that, they have a convenience store that makes sandwiches.”
There were other memories, mostly fragments, buried deep in Sherlock's subconscious that occasionally resurfaced. His various therapists had called them 'repressed memories', blocked by his unconscious mind due to the high level of trauma contained in them. This particular scent brought forth a glimpse into his childhood when he was a boy of four or five, being ushered into a closet by a teenaged Mycroft with great urgency, while Father, drunk and violent, staggered around outside and shouted threats to break the skin of his two sons when he got his hands on them. The stench emanating from Father had been very similar to what he could smell now.
I might as well prepare something for when he wakes up, John thought. Perhaps tea... spiked with Valium. He smiled briefly at the idea but quickly rejected it; Valium was an addictive substance, and one would do best to keep Sherlock away from those altogether.
The taller of the pair gestured towards the woods in a direction opposite of John, and grumbled out another unintelligible command. Shortly thereafter, they grabbed an oil lamp, ignited it, and walked in that direction.
"Arrested and successfully jailed," Mycroft simply replied.
Mycroft responded with a derisive bark of laughter. "Hardly," he said. "Colonel Moran has not exactly been famous for his good behaviour in prison. I am confident the parole board will reject his appeal, but in case they do not, I have the means to keep that beast of a man locked up for plenty more years."
"Far be it from me to ask unnecessary questions," Mycroft said, one of his own hands instinctively closing over the one which grasped him. "But do you know what's going on?"
"Technically, you work at the surgery," Sherlock said. "Very long hours, I might add. And you spend most of your free time chasing after women. Women who don't even want you. I wonder why you bother."
When Nasim arrived, Mycroft pointedly stayed out of the doctor's way as he checked Sherlock's vitals and eventually discharged the nurses, who were more than happy to get away from their troublesome patient. Well aware that he had wanted Sherlock awoken against the physician's recommendations, Mycroft did not attempt to interrupt or defend himself when Nasim addressed him.
"Clear my schedule and cancel all my appointments for the next two days," he ordered. "And find me a place to stay until the need arises, should it come to that, to find something more... permanent."
John was, of course, well-aware of rape conducted as a type of psychological warfare, especially in primitive cultures, but he had never expected it to happen to Sherlock or himself, not on this side of the globe. He'd truly believed he had left such atrocities behind when leaving Afghanistan. Clearly that had been an erroneous judgment; one that had cost him greatly.
"Why would he?"
"Hi, Doctor," the nurse greeted him with well-practiced cheerfulness. "I'm just bringing Mr. Holmes up to speed on his brother."
“Admit it, you like a bad boy from time to time,” John said with a laugh.
"No, he's right," Mary said to John's great surprise. "I'd rather have something to do than just sit here while you two are busy elsewhere."
TBC...
Missy was not deterred. If Mycroft was not faced with the fate of his brother and figuratively running on petrol fumes, he might have been impressed by her.
Even though he was impressed with the fact that Sherlock had shown enough presence of mind to grab something and hide it despite the shock and pain inflicted on his person, the tool had little use as a weapon. A knife or even an awl would have been much more useful.
For a moment which seemed to last a lifetime, Mary simply stared at the sight. She might have been trying to decipher the clues laid out for her, but considering her inebriated state, her brain might have been staggering through some serious cerebral muck to reach a conclusion. If she truly was having difficulties from the sight of a flustered John, and sheet-covered Sherlock – as well as the smell of a fog of sexual musk – the discarded condom lying in a crumpled pile on the carpet was the clincher. She looked back up at John, who was at a loss for words.
Admittedly her smile was infectious, and John found himself smiling as well. How could Sherlock possibly compare Mary to some repulsive, unwashed native of marginalized mountain society? If anyone were to resemble such a person, it would be Sherlock himself.
Breath heavy and hard, the giant unhooked his stained overalls and let them fall to his ankles. Apart from the tattered shirt - Sherlock briefly wondered where on Earth these brutes could find such a size - the clan leader was naked. Meaty hands clamped at both sides of Sherlock's head, and they seemed strong enough to crush the young man's skull. But crushing skulls was clearly not on the monster's mind, not when his frighteningly large cock was beginning to perk with arousal.
John decided to try and lighten up the mood with some humour. "I wish you'd given me a bit more credit," he said with a wry smile. "You can trust me, I'm a doctor."
Despite their occasional disagreements, Sawtooth and his firstborn shared a unique bond which allowed them to practically read each other's thoughts, and Three-finger intuitively knew exactly what his father demanded at this moment. A pair of dirty old pliers were passed into the leader's outstretched hand, and Sawtooth pried the whore's mouth open by applying pressure to his mandibles. Predictably, the whore squealed and struggled against the treatment, but his struggles were kitten-weak and Sawtooth had no difficulties restraining him.
The lack of a response was not encouraging at all. While John was aware of his friend's total disregard for social niceties, which sometimes included not answering when spoken to, he was fairly certain that Sherlock would never ignore him on purpose under circumstances such as these. Self-proclaimed sociopath though he was, he would know that John would never forgive him for such callous behaviour.
Despite everything they had gone through together, John had never, not once, seen or heard Sherlock Holmes cry. He had seen the detective screaming in fury, laughing like an uncontrollable maniac, and practically everything in between. Many times he had seen his friend's features contorted in ecstasy following a toe-curling orgasm, and each time he had felt intense pride at being the one responsible for such deep, uninhibited pleasure in a normally untouchable man. But he had never seen Sherlock cry.
The thinner man currently being sniffed at by One-Eye had the possibility of being a problem though. They had caught people like this in the past, defiant and refusing to cooperate. But they always screamed. Work at them long enough, they always scream. They always beg and cry. They cooperate then.
"What are we supposed to do now?" John asked, feeling helpless. "It's getting dark, and we still have no idea where they've taken her. We can't just keep going on random. We'll never find her in time!"
Sawtooth forced one thick, blunt finger into the skinny Outsider's hole, and by then he was already fairly certain the man was a whore; the type who enjoyed another man's attentions before a woman's. Was the stumpy little man perhaps his dominant partner? It was obvious they had a close bond, and yet they shared no physical characteristics whatsoever, so they couldn't be family.
“Don’t interrupt me.”
"In fact, he is eligible for parole soon."
John lifted an eyebrow, but Sherlock continued to smile politely, though the doctor himself could tell that his partner was only pretending to be amused.
John suddenly recalled one of the numerous conversations he'd had with Mycroft, and how the nature of it had made him feel very uncomfortable at the time. Until now, he had not fully understood the purpose of the conversation, or the elder Holmes' aversion to there being anything besides friendship between the doctor and his little brother.
Grip tightening, Sherlock ignored the query and began to lift himself. He did not care if his leg hurt, or that Mycroft was trying to stop him. He wanted to get up, he needed to...
"But the first "hotel" you booked--"
John began writing some more. //Mary gone. Search. Found dead. Taken. Tortured. In the woods. Mad//
"You're so great at this, Sherlock," the doctor had said, hand tangled in the detective's sticky, damp curls after having shot his load down Sherlock's throat. "You're just a natural, aren't you?"
Some general unpleasant imagery to follow in this chapter. Sensitive readers be warned!
I'll manage, John thought, but he could not even manage to utter the words. He started to speak again, but was cut off by the horrendous cough which rattled his insides and sent him collapsing onto his stomach once more. He likely had pneumonia. He would withstand diphtheria if he had the chance to get back to the cabin and find Sherlock.
What track
Sherlock's fingers clenched into tight fists at the gap-toothed grins above him.
If Sherlock hadn't been a child and bloody followed him and changed the itinerary.
Christ, this was problematic.
A strange smell lingered in the air as Sherlock and John approached the source of the chimney smoke, and both men quickly recognized it, chills travelling down John's spine. Even as a doctor and a soldier, he had never quite gotten used to the smell of dead bodies, especially now that the fate of his girlfriend was in question.
The woman repeated the message and asked if anything else should be written, but Mycroft politely concluded his phone call and the conversation came to an end. He knew full well that John would not leave things at that, but he frankly dealt with worse people for a living.
Mary threw herself at the driver side window, hell bent on getting out before this monster could get a hold of her. She was blind to everything else, uncaring that she cut open the skin of her forearms against the shards left by the broken window, or that she was likely to be intercepted by him as soon as she had gotten to her feet. All that mattered now was to get out of his reach. The car was a fortress she had to abandon. The siege was over.
The skinny fiend straddled Sherlock, and a line of spit dangled from his lips until landing on his victim. Sherlock had no false expectations of how this would end. He was stuck to the ground and unable to do much else but feel the agony of jagged metal teeth clamped over his leg. Struggling while still in its grip would only worsen the damage and spill more precious blood, and once he succumbed to shock, he would be utterly useless to himself. He only wished the damnable beast above him would not savor the moments leading up to his death as he rightly predicted.
The whistling was barely audible to Sherlock, but the faint sound was enough. He grabbed at the kettle urgently and poured it into his mug as though desperately making a life-saving elixir, not caring just how much or little the tea itself would steep. Unfortunately, his urgency also left him careless. The hot water splashed onto his hand and he jumped away, shouting a curse as the kettle hit the floor with a loud clatter.
“I doubt it,” Sherlock suddenly remarked, looking at the way John stared out the window at their client. John glanced back, slightly startled. Sometimes he wondered if his partner really could read his mind.
“It would have helped before we got there!” John replied. “Where in the world are we supposed to find food, a petrol station?”
"She's been gone five hours now," John said when 4 p.m. rolled around and there had still been no word from Mary. "Something's wrong, Sherlock! You agree, right? Sherlock!"
"Sherlock, listen"--
John - even his name was boring and unoriginal - was an unassuming, simple, dull little man who had nothing of importance to offer the world, and yet he had managed to make Sherlock Holmes fall in love with him. Mycroft could not quite put his finger on it, but something about that realization infuriated him. What did his brother see in a former army surgeon whose most interesting topic of discussion revolved around the various types of rashes and upper respiratory infections he had diagnosed during his shift at the clinic at which he worked? Mycroft had never taken Sherlock for the type to… settle.
John's vision dimmed within seconds, and he realized he would be rendered unconscious very soon unless he managed to break out of the sleeper hold and reestablish the blood flow to his brain. He clawed frantically at the thin, unbending arms of his attacker, but he might as well have been tearing at a pair of steel shackles. As the lure of sleep beckoned to John, growing stronger by each second, he knew he had to resort to desperate measures. Putting his left foot against the wall of dirt which constituted the river bank, he used his last remaining strength to push as hard as he could.
Nasim was a little surprised, as family members and loved ones usually begged for more time with the patients, but he had gotten enough of an impression of the elder Holmes to not be outright shocked that he was leaving already.
Ever the care provider, Mycroft thought.
John's face twisted in annoyance at the notion, and he scrambled for the spray amidst his luggage. For someone who had wanted to vacation somewhere radically different from his home, he was really missing London.
As Mary continued with the tea, John minimized the software window and opened the laptop’s internet browser, thankful that the resort had WI-FI connection. Searching for the abbreviation itself was not helpful, as the first results produced were the New York Stock Exchange and a carnivorous plant newsletter. Narrowing the search, he entered “cpn drug”.
"Not now, Will. It's too late. I'll tell you one tomorrow."
"Look who's talking..." Mary muttered with an eye roll. Sherlock and John's flat on Baker Street was rarely ever cleaned and looked like a hoarder's nest on the best of times. Sometimes, after one of Sherlock's experiments had gone awry, it looked like a bombsite. Mary also wanted to comment on Sherlock's irregular bathing habits, but she was too tired for the shouting match that was bound to follow.
As he lay on the bed with his eyes shut, desperate to hide within his own personal world, his "mind palace", he felt rough hands jerking his wrists behind his head. To bind his hands, he predicted. Sure enough, he felt a rope looping around his forearms and attaching him to the bedpost. Sherlock briefly considered figuring out how to undo the knots when he was not being watched but decided he might as well not bother. Even if he managed to break free from his bonds, what then?  Try to sneak away, out into the woods on a useless leg? He was just too tired, too disheartened, to care.
They followed the path for about half a mile, an oppressive silence heavy between them. Sherlock had done a better job than John keeping his emotions reined in, but the way he clenched his jaw suggested that the detective was either very nervous or upset; probably a mixture of both. John couldn't help feeling like a liability that had done nothing except inconvenience Sherlock the whole time, and there was no doubt the younger man still held a grudge toward John for his earlier words.
After all, how would he be able to eke out a living his family had been following for generations without help? Also... who the hell would look after One-Eye?
Mycroft hesitated before speaking again, but finally asked an unavoidable question.
He had not been found out, but his plan had failed.
Almost an hour passed in silence. John dreaded to say anything, knowing that Mary was everything but pleased about the development of their trip.
"Please," John laughed. "They would probably have other uses for you."
"You should get some sleep," Sherlock said admonishingly after John had remained seated by the table, indecisive. "I want to get started on this case early tomorrow morning, and I need you focused."
In the beginning of their acquaintance, John learns of Sherlock's unorthodox way of smuggling evidence.
"Bee can come too?" he asked.
Mycroft's sighing as he took a seat was so quiet even Anthea could not have heard it. Over the next two hours, he silently dreaded the inevitable reaction when Sherlock finally awoke, when he would see one leg half-missing and be alert enough to remember what had happened to him. Hearing the outbursts from the amputation would be bad enough, but what the local examples of bipedal putrescence had done to him was barely something to be shelved away in the mind palace. It was a miracle that Sherlock had turned out as well as he had, what with...
"I promise you, sir, you'll be alerted the moment there's news of your brother's condition," the nurse said, bending over him and very nearly violating his personal space. He could smell her skin crème, a blend of honey and nectar, and the fabric softener she used for her sheets…
Only one way out, and said way might just kill him. But if it meant getting away, if it meant the possibility of getting further away from these bastards and a little closer to help... he would gladly take the risk.
"He was three times my size. There wasn't realistically any way I could hold him off," Sherlock replied, sounding bitter.
“Very astute,” Sherlock grumbled. He addressed John. “A real keeper, this one.”
“It’s alright,” Mary gently insisted. “Simply tell me.”
With trembling hands, Mary reached for the capped water bottle in her purse, suddenly wondering if she ought to ration it. Keeping her breathing slow and her eyes shut, she unscrewed the lid, took a careful gulp, and fumbled with the cap as she tried to close the bottle. She could not stay hidden in the car all day, but the prospect of wandering in the woods all alone still frightened her. Mary took a deep breath, opened her eyes, and opened the door... And froze as she saw the movement of sunlight on metal not twenty yards away.
Sherlock gave a sly little smile, as though doing as John said would be impossible. But he complied, slowing his pace, without losing any enthusiasm. Peeling away the robe from the doctor’s chest, he opened his mouth and for a second his assistant thought a biting would happen. After all, John had only said slower, not gentler. Fortunately, the pain of teeth did not follow. Mere nipping was the worst of it, and John found himself groaning quite audibly as Sherlock nestled his lips and teeth into his chest, teasing his nipples every few seconds.
Holding back a sigh, Mycroft called the hospital and was directed to Sherlock's doctor.
"Quite so, but do you see the uneven distribution of weight shown in this print? It suggests a congenital birth defect, a curvature of the spine, which renders this man's right leg shorter than his left."
"Get out of my way," he growled at the Americans blocking his path. "Let me look!"
He almost expected her to refuse, to storm out the lodge, but she looked at him, expression blank, and nodded. She crossed the room, giving Sherlock a fleeting look before opening the door and walking out into the sunlight.
“For a moment, I was worried that you sold something of mine.”
"Is it working now?" Sherlock said, a doubtful eyebrow lifting.
John swallowed, hoping it would at least temporarily ease his laboured breathing. It didn't, and when he made another attempt to explain himself, he quickly realized his muted flow of words sounded more like gibberish than properly enunciated speech.
“Are you sure?” she asked, and though she smiled, her eyes couldn’t hide her disappointment.
John had his army combat training to thank for his above-average reflexes, and those were what saved him from being skewered by the pointed object thrown at him. Just a fraction of a second slower, and he would have lost an ear. A full second, and the creature would be licking grey matter off the blade after pulling it out.
the voice of his younger self taunted him in his head. The voice belonged to the Sherlock Holmes he had been years ago, before he knew John Watson and still used drugs to relieve his near-constant boredom, and sometimes - which was more often than he wanted to admit - hustled to procure said illegal substances. Trading sex if he was low on money was simply another means to an end. A body was nothing but transport, and it could be sold when needed. The Sherlock Holmes that never got involved on an emotional level.
After several uncomfortable grunts, the brute sluggishly lifted itself and edged towards the bedpost. Big clumsy hands scrabbled with the rope which held Sherlock's wrists. Though the act took nearly a full minute, the knots came loose at last, and wrists which had been rubbed raw came loose from the restraints. Sherlock had not expected this whatsoever, but he soon inferred the purpose. The idiot was freeing him so that the detective could be flipped over.
Sherlock nuzzled John’s neck, just under his chin, and the doctor thought he could feel a smile there. A moment later, he felt a slick, warm hand returning to stroking his throbbing organ.
His caller ID identified Anthea as being on the other line. Contacting him after midnight for any reason had to be a serious event. His thoughts of Sherlock and John's strange absence still fresh in his mind, he fought his hands from trembling as he picked up the phone.
In less than a second the smallest was behind John once more, teasing the surface of his skin with the tip of the knife. John hoped he would only be stripped as his partner had, but one could not be certain with unbalanced men such as these; for all he knew, he might get stabbed in the neck just for a laugh.
Suitcase. In a hole. Gravel or dirt thrown atop...
"Enjoying your little vacation to the Land of the Free?" the elder Holmes inquired, and as always, he was able to make a simple question sound like a disguised insult... or threat.
The little madman was visibly fidgeting. Sherlock chalked it up to more than the creature's innate restlessness; how the three-fingered mountain man's hand returned over and over to touch the blade stored in a sheath by its belt only to let go the following second, as though catching itself doing something it shouldn't.
As junk was removed from the truck to make room for more practical trappings, One-Eye tossed aside a large suitcase on wheels. In fact, it was large enough to hold a person, if they were thin enough...
Despite his poor state and compromised health, Sherlock fought as though at the zenith of his strength. In his distress he either noticed his impaired speech or had foregone speech entirely in his panic, because now he simply shouted and wailed. Nurses would very well be showing up at any moment and running straight into what likely looked like a failed exorcism, based on Sherlock's carrying on and agonized contorting alone.
He looked up at John, silently noting the sudden lack of color in his assistant's face, and though John's blame of their current situation still stung, he felt a need to provide some measure of comfort. However, comfort would wait. The kidnapped still needed to be found and their abductors sought out.
John glanced back at the sleeping form on the bed. He could imagine his partner soon peeling with dead skin like some kind of shedding lizard.
“I thought maybe you had been wanting to initiate something between us, but… lately, I’m not so certain anymore.”
"Got it wrong?!" Mary shouted, her voice raw. A hot tear escaped from the corner of her eye and trickled down her cheek. "You're fucking Sherlock Holmes! How can I possibly be wrong?"
She wanted to excuse the fleeting sight as a figment of her imagination, of wet leaves being moved by a gust of wind... except the air was dead still.
"I felt responsible for what happened to my brother that night," Mycroft admitted. "Sherlock was so close to dying, and I could have stopped it."
This was good enough of an explanation to Nasim, and the doctor went on his way with a mumbled encouragement to page him if something went amiss.
Sawtooth did not want to give it up just yet, but apart from being used as emergency provisions during the trip across the mountain, the whore had no use. It was sick. Perhaps even dying. And they still had plenty of meat left over from the blonde female whore which would last them throughout the trip.
"Will, I need you to understand that we're going to be very still," he said softly, his tone even and clear. "And we're going to be very quiet. And we're going to be very calm."
The car, however, refused to cooperate. The wheels spun helplessly in the mud, failing to obtain leverage. Part of Mary realized that her panicked attempts to get the car moving were detrimental rather than helpful, but another part refused to admit defeat. Doing nothing equaled giving up, and there was no way she was going to do that. She would fight, tooth and nail, to the last breath to stay alive.
"You know, it's been a long day, and we're both very tired," John said and grasped the hand stroking his chest. "We should probably... get some sleep."
Though some nurses welcomed them to the unit where Sherlock was being kept and cared for, Nasim did not seem to be present when the pair arrived. He was likely seeing to the business of another patient, but Mycroft considered the fleeting but still amusing thought that the doctor was actively avoiding him out of fear. Even so, the civil servant was eager to embrace the opportunity to spend some time (relatively) alone with his unconscious brother.
“My thoughts exactly,” John muttered as they followed her. He made a point of keeping his eyes to the ground or the sky, anywhere that did not lead to him looking at her retreating nakedness.
"Sherlock...?"
"Get me more on this one," he said, tapping the name and handing the list back to his assistant, turning to leave without another word. Telling her to keep him updated on his brother would have been superfluous.
Furious at being challenged, the giant gave a toothy snarl of his own, soon followed by a thunderous roar, not unlike that of a bear. Sherlock dared not move his head in fear of slitting his own throat, or provoking the little beast to actually slice him, but his eyes keenly followed the heated exchange about to take place. Even now he could not stop his brain from jumping to a chain of deductive reasoning triggered so easily by the slightest observation. Right now it was trying to calculate probability as for which of the two would come out the victor in case the small one kept challenging their leader, which in turn could mean life or death to him.
John watched him and the distraction allowed him to regain some sense of awareness again.
"Ah-ha," Sherlock said, shaking John out of his not so pleasant daydream. The doctor leaned forward, scrutinizing the image. He was about to speak, but whatever he was going to say left his mind completely as he identified the shape.
The thought that Sherlock really did have bipolar disorder weighed heavily on john’s mind. Had he known about this sooner, would he have had more patience with Sherlock? Would they still have been together?
again
The bedroom was certainly not the locale Sherlock had become used to over the years when it came to sexual interactions. In fact it was an improvement over the usual places where years ago he would offer favours of pleasure in exchange for money or drugs... or money to buy the drugs. Here it was warm, and much cleaner, and he was with someone he trusted and - though he would not quickly admit it out loud - cared about.
A throbbing headache had already started beneath John's temples, and the descent of the plane made it much worse. He wondered if he could blame that on Sherlock too.
Sherlock's outburst proved that gentility would no longer be effective. All Mycroft could presently do was hold on.
The only option was to enjoy his prisoner while it still lived - perhaps even a little after that - and simply let it die on its own. What a shame that would be. They might just find it cold and lifeless on the floor one morning. Funny. For something so willful and eager to resist, the creature had turned out to be very delicate. Not so much like them as he had originally hoped, after all.
Mycroft never thought himself the superstitious type, but he was the type who could never be too cautious. Part of his mind nagged that the moment he stepped away to freshen up, something might happen... although even if it did, was he able to do much about it? He was about to make up his mind when a doctor, face initially obscured by a surgical mask, turned the corner to join them.
John realized he must have blacked out because the next thing he was aware of was that he was motionless and face down. As his brain slowly crawled its way into painful consciousness, he became aware that he was on somewhat solid land, likely the edge of the river. He did not know if he had been washed ashore out of pure chance or bodily removed from the water. Sunlight was dim through his closed eyelids, and despite the fact that he could barely breathe, he could feel the mud and stones beneath him, and his entire body ached as though he had been assaulted with a cricket bat.
The skinny thing gagged around thick fingers; the response Sawtooth was hoping for. He loved when they squirmed. He removed his scarred hand, and the newfound freedom of the full-lipped mouth allowed the thin young man to eject a full gob of mucus and spit right into Sawtooth's eyes. Snarling, Sawtooth backhanded the little wretch.
was clawing at him from the inside. As it was now, he could not even mumble without that disgusting, salivating maniac pinching and  jabbing at him with filthy fingernails. Nevertheless, he hated being restrained and gagged, utterly incapable of interrupting the horrible treatment of his closest friend.
Could it really be true that she was lost in the forests of West Virginia? She fished her phone out of her purse just to be sure, but it was as bad as she had expected. Probably one could not get a decent signal for miles and miles around these areas.
What was this? What was going on?
He ignored the look he got from Sherlock.
"Why would I be angry with you, John?" the genius muttered, suddenly very interested in the accumulated dirt under his fingernails.
"When?" Mycroft's tone was curt and threatening to excuse all good will.
"Calm down, Sherlock," he commanded, using his most authoritative tone of voice. It was the voice normally reserved for troublesome subordinates or difficult younger brothers.
laugh
"Erm... how soon?"
Sawtooth cut the rope holding the blonde whore up and threw the body over his shoulder. The pool of blood on the dirt floor from her slit throat had congealed into a thick, rubbery, dark brown sludge. Three-finger had witnessed on several occasions when his younger sibling bent down to lick coagulated blood off the floor, especially during the colder months when food was scarce.
Mycroft gave him another stern glare as though daring John not to believe him.
The moment he had enough room to move his leg, he pulled it out of the bear trap. Would these primitive brutes even treat his injuries, or would they simply let him bleed out where he lay before taking him back to their cabin and to dismember him? At the moment, this outcome sounded preferable.
The doctor promptly sat up. He had only registered the words, not the good-natured, teasing tone they were uttered with. "No, Mary, that's not true...--!"
Some unpleasant discoveries are made, and our heroes suddenly find themselves engaged in a game of life or death.
Helicopter. What for?
But finding his way inside the palace now was proving difficult. He so wanted to escape inside, to be numb to all around him. At this point, it did not matter where he would go within the palace. He wanted to be in his apartment, watching bloody horrible reality programs, rather than be here in this hellhole.
John had to fight not to lean into the touch. "Sherlock, stop it," he warned. "This is inappropriate, I have a girlfriend now."
Sherlock raised his head enough to look at his partner, a confused and impatient crease between his brows.
He could barely move. He moaned, initially thinking his own voice was coming from someone else. He was drugged, he realized. Was he captured? Somewhere in his memories he had images of imprisonment. Wherever he was, the place did not have the same smells of those which came with his memories.
The sudden realization hit Sherlock like an anvil. The mountain men were planning to keep them alive in order to prevent their meat supply from going bad. It was a nauseating thought, but it also provided an iota of hope.
He could not get far with his army pension, and he'd gotten less hours than usual at the surgery lately. And London was an expensive city to live in, even for someone with a medical degree. Detecting did not pay well. Most of the time, people were actually bloody ungrateful toward you.
"And what happened to this Moran?"
“Yes, of course.” When she returned with a sheet, she looked over Sherlock’s skin with concern. “He won’t be happy when he wakes up,” she observed. “Those sunburns look downright furious.”
"Not ages. A little over two years."
John hesitated at first, but finally tossed the bottle to his partner, who caught it effortlessly, opened it, and poured a copious amount onto his palm. The room instantly filled with the peculiar scent. John only stared as Sherlock slathered the substance over every inch of his red body. He considered mentioning that the lotion belonged to Mary, but what good would it do?
John and Mary leave for their vacation, but not everything works out according to plan...
"But he's bleeding--"
“Sherlock barely takes most cases as it is,” John said, turning the car towards the fast lane. He found himself getting used to the traffic faster than he thought he would. “He only takes them if it can really stimulate his mind. He’s like a little spaniel or something, needing things to do or else he’ll chew up furniture… Anyway, a few disappearances in a resort that’s nestled away in miles of woods doesn’t quite sound like his cuppa tea. It just sounds too easy.”
"Disappeared without a trace, never seen since," Sherlock said. "They were guests here at Avalon. And there's more." Sherlock opened up another news article, this one dating back to 2003 and describing in intimate detail the disappearance of college students Richard Stoker and Hayley Smith, who had, according to friends and family, "failed to return from a weekend of rock-climbing".
"They took her identification," he observed. "Somehow I didn't expect them to be so clever."
Sigh.
“I don’t think I required a shower, seeing as I didn’t use the pool or the sauna,” he remarked.
No... no, I can't... he thought in despair. I have to help... Sherlock! But his lungs were exhausted and battered and the numbing that swiftly overtook his aching body was so damned inviting.
"We could go out and have a bite," he tried. "I hear there's a new Thai restaurant..."
The skinny fiend snarled at him, and Sherlock returned the snarl with an equal amount of gusto. This only seemed to amuse the demented mountain man. His trademark giggle filled the cabin, and the three-fingered psycho decided to further entertain himself by dealing out several slaps across their bound captive's head. Had the one-eyed idiot been awake to see it, he surely would have doubled over from laughter.
"Yes, isn't that why you came to speak with me?" Mycroft was quickly losing his patience with the nervous, rambling man and thought about how he would have preferred to receive the information from Missy instead, even though she was merely a nurse and not a medical specialist.
"What is that supposed to mean?" John demanded, getting angrier by the second. "You've had it in for me from the beginning, and why? I'm not good enough for a Holmes? Because of my upbringing? Or am I simply not clever enough to be deserving of your brother's attention? I'm just a poor ex-army surgeon, after all. Just your average bloke, not a bloody genius!"
“You’re rather enthusiastic all of a sudden,” John remarked playfully during their taxi ride to the airport.
"What makes you say that?"
Finishing his shower, he allowed himself a rare frivolous thought of inhaling the shampoo like cocaine in order to rid his nostrils of the offending smell, then found himself wondering what else the locals could withstand if they regularly dealt with that river.
Sherlock pressed the power button, muttering to himself unintelligibly and then shoving the device into John’s face, the playback screen facing the doctor.
John rubbed at his face as though in an attempt to clear his mind of the whole story. He finally sighed and looked back at the screen.
The doctor realized that his friend would only become more agitated unless they did what he said, and dutifully connected the two pieces of portable electronics using the USB cord. The power bar on Sherlock's laptop indicated that the battery would soon need to be recharged as well. Had Sherlock even thought to bring an adapter for a US outlet?
"You know you have to eat sometime--"
“I’m fine.” He kissed the back of her hand and continued to hold it for some time during the drive.
More photos – again from the Avalon public grounds – decorated the tables and shelves. All of them were of Sarah’s stay in the resort. No photos of the infamous Rich could be found. Though John was careful to exclusively observe and not touch anything, Sherlock was more than comfortable in moving things about, stirring up dust. The doctor’s nose twitched at the sudden irritation.
Sherlock’s lips tightened into a thin line for a moment. He finally took his hand away.
The more he thought about it, the more agitated he became. A plan was beginning to form in Three-finger's brain, and as time passed, he grew more and more convinced of its validity.
The blade shot toward him, and by sheer luck, he just managed to avoid the knife entering his eye. In his dodge, he caught sight of a bucket on the ground just a foot away, filled with gravel. It would be heavy enough to heave at the hunter, but it would also be heavy enough to possibly hurt his wrist, and badly. But in that moment less than a second in length, an injured wrist was the least of his worries. He ducked the next thrust of the blade and grabbed the bucket in both hands, hurling it upwards and connecting with his attacker's ugly face.
The detective did another one of his frustrated eye-rolls and then looked at John as if he were a complete idiot.
"Hopefully it's far enough away that they didn't hear me," John reflected with regret.
"I'll need time, John," she said, her voice back to normal pitch. "By myself. Please don't speak to me anymore tonight. I need to think."
The nurse had left, but Mycroft had no doubt she would notify her superiors despite his urgent request not to. An American hospital could not afford being sued for malpractice, and the woman clearly valued her job enough not to risk such serious repercussions.
The notion steeled John's resolve once more. Sherlock would not be dead, and he would not die, not if his friend and assistant had any say in it. John had been a pig and a lout for long enough, and he would make things right. He would save Sherlock and go through each and every one of these monsters if required.
TBC...
Sherlock never brought anyone home - that much John was certain of - so he assumed these casual encounters took place in a shoddy men's room, or in the backseat of someone's car. Perhaps even in the shadows of a dark alley way. What he could not be certain of, one way or another, was if Sherlock bothered to use protection.
Finally the skinny pale one emitted a noise; a low, keening moan communicating both dread as well as pain. He also thrashed about in an attempt to dislodge the digit buried inside him up to the second knuckle, failing miserably.
The other, even more disturbing possibility was that they sometimes hunted for fun without harvesting the meat. Was that what they had done to Mary? Apart from bleeding her out, her killers had left the body intact, and hot, humid temperatures such as these caused dead flesh to decompose at an alarming rate. Sherlock was intimately familiar with the chemical processes of decomposition; he had conducted many thorough studies on the topic, sometimes using subjects from St. Bart's morgue for his experiments.
John managed a sad smile. “The best I’ve ever had. Honest. But I needed more than that. The thing is… I figured this was just how you were. And I wasn’t about to try and change you like some reform school kid.”
John sighed. At least he had won the larger bedroom.
"Go," Mary said curtly. "We'll talk later." Though her words held some promise - at least they would be talking now, as opposed to last night - John was not sure it was a conversation he wanted to have.
"Please take a seat, gentlemen," Bobbi said. "Can I get you anything? Coffee?"
John moved his hands from Sherlock's hips to clutch his forearms instead. Most of all he wanted to flip them around and pound Sherlock into the mattress, but despite two months of pent up sexual frustration, John realized he had to mind Sherlock's burns.
The young detective never thought he would have been thankful for any of the feral family members, but he did feel a twinge of gratitude when the lumbering idiot had interrupted the murder attempt.
John found it difficult to look at the trail of blood, knowing whom it came from. What had the animals done to Mary to cause such bloodshed? Was there a chance that she was still alive in the first place?
Sawtooth gave the smallest hunter a warning glare. He had not forgotten Three-finger's earlier defiance, not by a long shot. Would he need to assert his dominance for the second time in less than a day? Perhaps a blow to the head was not enough to cow the rebellious streak his eldest seemed to have developed lately. Perhaps some more extremes measures were indeed required. Sawtooth would not hesitate to use the methods he had used to subdue the stubborn Outsider on his own son.
“It’s been a long journey,” Sherlock said, eyes fixed on the computer screen. “Go sleep.”
"Stay strong, Sherlock," he whispered, though he did not doubt the detective could hold his own. John only hoped he could be half as strong as his friend.
Mycroft's answer was always a curt headshake. What he
"That is not a branch."
Rubbing at her eyes and grabbing her purse and the keys to the rental car, she exited the bedroom and noted that John and Sherlock had already left to further investigate. Partly she was a little relieved that she did not have to tell them goodbye in an already uncomfortable environment, and she left the lodge, started the car, and drove out of the parking lot.
"Gesture of good will, remember?" the detective replied. "Blending in with the natives as before and keeping their trust."
It seemed the other two family members were out at the moment. It surprised the detective slightly that they trusted the idiot to be left alone with a captive. Granted he was tied up and largely incapacitated, but he didn't doubt for a moment that the giant and the scrawny one were unaware of his wits and resourcefulness.
“And this is any different?!” John snapped, his voice loud enough for anyone to hear within a twenty yard radius. “You don’t get it! I thought you did, but clearly you don’t. This was my time away from everything! No emergencies, no cases, and no YOU.”
The ex-army surgeon nodded; it was a painful and embarrassing subject to discuss with Sherlock, but he figured that since his friend had begun to open up to him, he owed Sherlock the same.
On the wooden table, which took up most of the cabin's single room, were several plates, jars and cups which seemed to have never been washed throughout existence. Remains of a past meal - or more likely several - were on a stove that looked positively archaic, and the detective couldn't help but wonder if the poor unfortunate person whose entrails he had found outside in the bucket was the main course.
“Ahhh! Scrawny whore!” he cried, tightening his grip on Sherlock’s arms.
Drooling in excitement, the lunatic watched Sherlock's face intently as he leaned backwards and pressed down on the trap's jaws. Sherlock nearly threw up at the pain, and he felt bile climb up his throat when his attacker leaned forward again, hot puffs of foul breath beating against his face.
"We're partners," Sherlock said, his voice quiet and subdued.  "This is what we do."
"It's the medication," Sherlock explained wearily, wiping his sticky hand on a paper towel. "Cessation of ejaculation is one side effect of taking Clozapine. My spurts are thus greatly reduced."
Shaking her head, Mary even managed the ghost of a smile. "This is fine."
Hurrying back before the younger Holmes got any other ideas, he was about to remove a pen from the inner pocket of his jacket when he saw that he was already too late.
Encouraged, Mycroft queried again. "Do you know who I am?"
At least his leg still hurt, and it had no suspicious odor yet, he mused with a combination of fear and relief. Had it gone numb, he would be far more worried. Sherlock could not closely inspect the wounds caused by the bear trap, and he was not presently certain if he would have wanted to. What was the point of looking for signs of septicemia if he was slowly dying here anyway?
The detective held up a hand to silence John while his other hand stayed busy typing on the keyboard.
A stench of a family without concept of personal hygiene invaded his senses as he stood within. Indeed, even the cooking ware and platter looked as though they had never been cleaned. Two beds seemed to confirm his suspicions of the small clan, and though he was not deeply surprised at the stains on the ragged mattresses, the notion of these monsters having killed victims on their own beds - and then still slept in them - made his stomach lurch.
Mary felt the stab of guilt while she got ready to leave, despite the sense of betrayal she still harboured. A nasty part of her mind tried to convince her that she should have seen this coming, should have noticed clues, much like Sherlock did in looking over a crime. But she had no idea John and Sherlock had even been in a relationship in the past.
"What do you want, Doctor? And may I ask why you are using my brother's private Skype account? I had it set up so that he could contact me anytime at the event of an emergency."
Besides the occasional flashes of memory which came back to haunt him, John remembered very little of the actual moment he was wounded. He found out afterwards that the man who had shot him was gunned down moments later by his comrades, but the knowledge brought him no satisfaction. The man - an enemy soldier, but still a man with dreams, hopes and goals, much like himself - had died for his conviction, much like he and everyone else who served had committed themselves to.
Why did she agree to go on a trip to this godforsaken place with him? Mary suddenly wondered if she ought to curse the day she met John Hamish Watson, as her life had turned exceedingly complicated ever since they began dating, and not in a good way. In retrospect, she realized she most likely would have turned down the doctor's advances had she known about the tall, alabaster-skinned consulting detective he called his flatmate.
"Looks like we're there..." he muttered with rather muted enthusiasm.
Sherlock stood and followed the path for a few minutes, John trailing behind and photographing the alarming boot print. Another set of prints were nearly mistaken for those of the giant, but were noted by Sherlock to be slightly smaller and of different make, and a third set were the smallest of the group, perhaps around the size of Sherlock's shoes. The doctor photographed all of them, as well as the path entrance which someone (the owners of the tracks?) had tried to hide.
The arm which was not presently stuck with needles reached up, covering his eyes. The impact of the sudden grief which overwhelmed him caused a horrible sobbing to escape his lungs. Thankfully no members of the staff had heard him, and he was left alone to finish crying like a child and finally compose himself. He could not do anything else now. He was unable to help, to find out where Sherlock was, or if he was still alive.
Sawtooth wanted him out of the house so as to have time alone with his pathetic, sobbing toy. Begrudgingly, he did as told, grabbing a shotgun before he left the cabin.
Missy considered sitting down next to the distraught Englishman waiting for news on his little brother, and giving him a thorough retelling of Sherlock's current status, but doing that would have  suggested intimacy that simply did not exist between them. She elected to stand instead, vaguely disconcerted by his surprising apathy. She had seen the more passionate side of him when he first entered the hospital, trailing after the gurney transporting his younger brother, but all the emotion exhibited by him then had been thoroughly wiped out and replaced by a cold mask of indifference. He looked as though he cared little whether his sibling lived or died.
Eventually, the lumbering man-child lost interest in preparing the meal and strayed from the kitchen area. Sherlock hoped dearly that it would not turn its attention toward him, but it was a vain hope, considering he was probably the most stimulating subject inside the primitive little lodge.
Sherlock reached up to place a long, cool hand against the doctor's cheek. His skin was smooth and dry, without calluses. Besides working on his science experiments, Sherlock had not done much manual labour in his life.
Suddenly he had an idea, its success dependent on Sherlock's hearing as well as his ability to interpret spoken information. Mycroft knew there was a possibility of a language disorder - temporary or permanent - caused by the brain trauma despite Sherlock clearly having recognized him and his voice. There was only one way to find out. He decided to take advantage of his brother's spasmodic hold on his arm.
Mycroft glanced aside and John nearly thought he saw vulnerability in the elder Holmes' eyes for a brief moment. He chalked it up to the choppiness of his recorded image on the computer screen.
"MN!" was all a frantic voice could return. Sherlock was indeed behind the door, but from the sound of it he had been gagged.
"... also, one of his molars was forcibly removed, but so far it's not at risk of infection thanks to the antibiotics."
"No! I don't want it!" the four-year-old yelled, stomping his bare feet against the bathroom tile floor for added effect.
"Gotcha. But just in case, there is a paging device here by the door," she pointed at said device on the wall. "All the numbers are labeled. Get some rest, you'll be fine."
He quickly dove in headfirst and resurfaced next to Mary, playfully poking her side. She squealed in a mixture of delight and terror, and was quick to deliver a jab of her own to his ribs. John was glad she had mostly missed the soft part of his paunch.
Even though his first impulse was to inflict another bite, the detective was still rational enough to deduce the likely consequences of such an impromptu act. If provoked, these men might very well pull out every single one of his teeth just to make a point, or perhaps even go one step further and sever a limb… or some other body part he did not want to part with. Sherlock balked especially at the thought of losing his tongue. Though he was likely never going to subject anyone else to his acerbic deductions - not in this life - Sherlock still wanted to keep his most prized asset.
"Hey, don't let us keep you from running Britain," John said with a scoff.
//First we escaped together. Dug under a wall. Sherlock stepped in bear trap. Demanded I find help. I tried diverting. Chased, fought, shot. Fell in river. The rest you know//
John swallowed thickly, standing up straight. He was suddenly reminded of the Golem, and briefly worried that the hit man was truly their culprit.
Sherlock moaned miserably and his body twitched, most likely reminiscing the recent sexual assault.
//Today's date?// it said.
Standing on all fours over the bound, slender detective, the retarded mountain man continued the intimate groping and exploration of Sherlock's body, but it made no attempts to spread his legs or to free its engorged member from the layers of clothing. Instead it seemed content to simply dry hump him, thrusting aimlessly and slobbering like an over-excited dog.
Sherlock seemed to be ignoring him. "Look here."
A nurse's duties included restraint from passing judgment, but Mycroft caught the micro-expression of surprise she was unable to hide when she heard the answer. He found himself wondering on an unrelated note if Clozapine was a frequently prescribed drug in this part of the state.
Glancing at the hatchet he'd used to dismember the blonde whore, he briefly considered using it on his current plaything and by that perhaps postponing its imminent death, if only for a few days.
//He's a plaything. Will die from abuse//
All that mattered at present was young Mr. Holmes' health.
"You mouthy little tart!" he spat out, knowing that Sherlock sometimes got off on being talked dirty to.
He'd been placed somewhere dark, with little room to so much as squirm. He was moving, pulled along by whomever had stuffed him into this... thing. Deciphering what was going on and where exactly he was proved difficult. Sherlock's feverish delirium had a chokehold on him now.
Three-finger loathed the wretched creature. The sooner he was gone, the better for the clan.
"I'm thirsty," Sherlock argued.
//Road is maze. Redirected streams trap cars//
Those were the exact words the elder Holmes had used that day in the car, all the while stressing the importance of guarding one's tongue. Sherlock, being unable to do much else besides listen with Mycroft's fingers in his aching, bleeding mouth, had dutifully nodded but not taken his brother's advice to heart.
"Us?" She gave the word a moment of thought, and then it occurred to her. "Oh, yeah, your partner."
Dreams of Sherlock, of their abominable captors, of the river and the never-ending woods. Auditory elements such as the skinny psycho's manic giggling or the deafening roar of coursing water mixed with the flashing images (memories?) projected by his traumatized senses.
Any hope at garnering sympathy from Mycroft in this particular matter disappeared when he saw the politician's look of suspicion turn into a look of cold fury. For a moment he believed Mycroft would actually reach out through the screen and throttle him.
"And what is between the two of you, Doctor?" he asked. That tone was back again, sharp edges growing around his voice. "I would have thought someone of your fastidious temperament and mentality would be able to cope with Sherlock's condition... especially considering your profession and... friendship with him."
Mycroft's angry cry of pain brought him back to the present, and Sherlock fully expected to be struck across the face for his insolence. Mycroft had struck him before, twice, if Sherlock's memory still served him correctly, and only when he'd truly deserved it. Sherlock would freely admit to having struck his brother many more times than vice versa. This particular provocation, however, was not something that Sherlock expected his sibling to tolerate without retaliation, and therefore it temporarily stunned him into silence when Mycroft's hold on him softened and he felt the distinctive nuzzle of a pointed nose against his scalp, intended to provide comfort. Awkward and clumsy though it was, there was no mistaking the intent. The Ice-man was attempting to show affection; something that hadn't happened since Sherlock was…
"It certainly sounds like our next destination," his assistant continued. "Shall we investigate tomorrow morning?"
Of course, Sherlock realized, not with fear, but sad resignation. They had found him to be an ideal source of revolting sexual pleasure, and he would remain this to them until he eventually died.
"Easy," he said, his tone encouraging. "Just a little more."
John and Sherlock have a bit of a row, and John tells Mary something he'd rather not talk about.
"Very good," he finally replied, rising from his seat so that he could be within Sherlock's view for the awakening.
"Sherlock..." John said as a half-hearted objection, but he made no attempts to push the other man away or disentangle himself from the embrace. In the back of his mind, he knew that he was about to do something that would most certainly be the death blow to his current relationship, and yet he could not bring himself to stop. He had already crossed the line when he allowed Sherlock to kiss him. Anything that happened now was irrelevant.
Heavy footsteps grew louder as the oafish man who had pursued him wandered outside as well, chuckling as though ready to play what had probably felt to him like a game in searching for their escaped quarry. He still brandished his axe, and even if he was mentally challenged, he likely did not take much concentration to hit anyone with the sizeable blade. He lumbered into the front yard and glanced about the property with a childish glee that seemed even more unnerving than the stoic concentration of his taller relative.
"There are some areas of my back that I couldn't reach," he said, clearly having decided to switch gears. "You'll have to help me with that, John."
Sherlock wished that John would not scream from underneath his gag. Provoking a reaction from their victims was exactly what these primitive psychopaths were after, and John was handing it to them without the slightest bit of fight. The wisest plan of action at present was to show as little emotion as possible; anything to make their captors to lose interest and thus allow Sherlock to start planning their escape.
No, I don't want to go, a voice in his brain whined. Why did he have to wake up anyway? Was it time for school?
Sherlock pointed, and though John obediently followed his direction, there was nothing the doctor could deduce from the mishmash of tracks in the gravel.
The sooner they could leave this city, the better. But that matter was entirely up to Sherlock.
"But my feet are cold," William said, as if that were the most obvious answer in the world and Mycroft was an idiot for not understanding his reasoning.
"Mycroft said it wasn't the first time this Moran guy had hit you. Why did you let him do it?"
Grip tightening on the whore's head, he shoved, smiling at the pained yelp as his captive's battered body hit the floor. That wrecked arm had to be agonizing.
"It's me, Lockie," Mycroft whispered, using a pet name he had not used for ages. "Don't be afraid, it's only me…"
He was drawn back to his miserable state of existence by the giant alpha's harsh voice barking out an unintelligible order to the small one. Though clearly still displeased about the situation, there was nothing defiant in the three-fingered maniac's body language. He returned to his father moments later with a battered, oil-stained cup containing some kind of liquid.
When she finally did speak, John failed to suppress a twitch. "So..." Mary began after clearing her throat. "Are you going to work on the case... with him?"
/Don't know location// he wrote. //North of Bear Mountain// He thought of a moment. When searching for Mary, had they gone south? Where had the sun been? No, likely east. Yes, east.
"Nothing," Sherlock admitted, placing his fingers through the gap of the wall to once more make contact with his assistant. "I was just thinking about how it wouldn't have been the first time."
John thrust harder, bucking like a goat and feeling just as horny as one. He was about to reach for his partner’s hard cock, but Sherlock beat him to the act, pumping away as he bounced harder. The doctor wondered if his hips would be bruised by the end of this incident. Presently he could not care any less.
Doubt still shone in Mycroft's eyes, but the concern also present was becoming less vague.
“Sarah Cavanaugh,” he said, holding the rag to his forehead and briefly squeezing it to release excess water. Though he did not seem outright improved, he seemed much calmer than before, now that the camera was back in working order. He gave a half-hearted wave of command. “Look through them.”
If the clan was to be providing him drink, they would likely provide food, which was another concern. Would they give him anything of proper nutrition, or purposefully feed him garbage? If they gave him definite nutriment... it would almost definitely be meat. Sherlock was not at all looking forward to what kind.
"Depends on how you define "people"," Sherlock replied. "Is walking upright a requirement?"
Three-finger had noted over the years that blue eyes were generally tastier than brown ones.
Mycroft studied the writing as if trying to decipher a coded message. John figured he was likely judging the truth of the doctor's claims. John felt like strangling him. At the same time he could tell, even from a hospital bed, that Mycroft Holmes wasn't at his best. The man's complexion, while pasty by nature, was a sallow gray, and his sharp, piercing eyes were surrounded by puffy bags which suggested either too little sleep or too much alcohol, perhaps a combination of both. Mycroft's eye-whites were bloodshot, and John noticed he blinked a lot. Dry eyes from being on a plane for hours? Or was there something more behind it?
"What are you doing that for?" Sherlock asked, though he knew the answer. The mantra reminded him of something from a program he saw late on television as a child, of a boy reciting the names of birds to ward of some nightmarish thing.
"They would not believe us," Sherlock stated without hesitation and gestured for his client to sit back down. "All we have are rumours and some circumstantial evidence at best. To make them take us seriously, we're going to need more solid proofs of these individuals' existence."
“Where did you get your own passport?” John asked as they searched for their seats.
The giant threw Sherlock callously into one tiny stall and proceeded to slam the door shut. John had hoped they would at least allow their two captives to share space, but it seemed such graciousness was out of question. John was shoved into the adjoining stall by the two smaller men, and the three-fingered lunatic finished by delivering a playful kick to his bottom while he stood on all fours. The doctor fell forward, humiliated, and he could hear the man-child laugh behind him as though it was the funniest thing ever.
“What are you doing here?!” the doctor hissed out, standing up to face him.
"Make sure you have somewhere to hide it if they come in to check on us," Sherlock reminded his partner. "Someplace other than your rectum."
Pressing a knee against the whore's hips, Sawtooth maintained his full weight on the naked body beneath him, and he did not ignore the cries of fear and discomfort; in fact he reveled in them. Three-finger cackled at the pathetic Outsider's pain, gleeful like a child over the inevitable.
John picked up his struggles against the unforgiving forces of nature, forcing his oxygen-deprived brain back into action, which in turn commanded his muscles to move. The will to live was the most fundamental component of all in a matter of survival, and John was not prepared to give it up just yet. He resurfaced and his straining lungs greedily inhaled.
John looked over to the doorway, then back at Mary’s smiling face. The nasty little voice came back for just a moment, but he ignored it.
Picking the lock on Sarah's trailer took Sherlock less than a minute, and he only had a piece of steel thread at his disposal. If he'd had his usual lock-picking toolkit, John guessed he could have done it in thirty seconds.
Sherlock habitually gave off an air of not caring about his "transport", but Mycroft knew the truth where others did not: Sherlock was on all accounts very vain, and being left scarred on top of physically disabled would be a hard blow to his ego. The younger Holmes had throughout his life received attention and admiration for his slim, athletic, well-proportioned  physique, and regardless of whether Sherlock would ever admit to it, even to himself, he valued his appearance highly. A broken body, even if it still housed a brilliant mind, was worth nothing to someone of Sherlock's constitution.
As he had anticipated, the space was not far away from the O.R., and as promised by the nurse, it was dark and quiet, and presently unoccupied.
"What about your case?" the woman returned. "Sherlock can't seem to get through it without you, after all." Her statement was slightly bitter, but it had also been an attempt at humor that used to come so easily between her and the doctor.
“It’s alright,” she said.
John pulled his hand away, feeling the gesture was somehow forced. After all, Sherlock was not overtly sentimental.
Mycroft bit back a scathing retort in the last possible moment and settled for a glare. It would not do to antagonize these people, idiots though they were…
The figure in the dark shuffled around, hulking and terrible. It seemed to pay him no attention, distracted by some object it was working on. In its work, it dropped something which clattered to the floor.
“Yes, I see that bloody clearly,” Mary said, not even looking at her boyfriend anymore.
"He's alive," he said dully, coming to terms with the discovery.
Sherlock stood, looking at the third set of prints, far bigger than the small ones, but not quite as large as those of the giant. Long strides again, and deep impressions in the dirt, suggesting a weight similar to the bigger man.
"He never told me about that." John's voice was quiet, to the point that he thought Mycroft might not be able to hear his reaction.
The entire scenario was ridiculous bordering on surreal; a clan of cannibalistic hunters preying on actual people… And having managed to evade detection for several decades. Just what exactly did the police force in small backwoods West Virginia towns do to cash in their paychecks? Gorge on donuts while on duty, as the stereotype of American police officers often suggested? Any actual crime investigation was out of the question, as they had evidently managed to miss something of this magnitude for an extended period of time.
"Maybe there's no cabin," John said. "What we saw in the photo could've been just a bonfire. This is a police matter now, anyway. We should leave this to them."
Mycroft Holmes was one of few 'minor' British government officials who had been provided with his own private Jet. The times when Mycroft actually utilized it were few and far in between, as it was typically much easier to book a seat on a public aircraft (as long as there were seats available in first or business class; Mycroft Holmes did not fly 'coach') than to get the various permits to take off and land with and a private Jet.
"Only that he died when Sherlock himself was seven."
There was nothing more Sherlock could deduce from the parking spot that Sarah used to occupy - the near-week that had passed since her disappearance had obliterated practically all traces of her in the public area - and Bobbi announced she would return to her trailer, claiming she needed some time by herself to "digest the news".
The detective was closely scrutinizing the ground, looking for tire tracks that would help determine the route Mary had taken previously that day. John wished there was something - anything - he could do to help, but for someone without Sherlock's astute powers of observation, looking for tire tracks was a lost cause.
Though tempted to bring the subject to light of only to simply apologize, John decided against it. For all he knew, he had alerted the criminals to their presence from screaming like an idiot for Mary. If so, had his crying of her name cause them to panic and thus kill her? His brain was traveling in loops upon retread thoughts and worries, and it was doing neither him or his partner any good. Instead, he kept his eyes wandering as they traveled the road, following the tire tracks.
But he would not remotely begin to place himself in his partner's position, to pretend that he could understand how all of this felt. John was spoiled in comparison to the past that Sherlock had, and their present predicament felt like a culmination of the abuse doled out to the detective from preceding years.
John blinked, not fully understanding. “How so?”
At first when he tried to rise, One-Eye's arm tightened around him and held him back; an unconscious response by the sleeping man-child. Three-finger murmured soothing nothings in his ear and scratched his sibling's flea-ridden scalp; two things he knew from experience would calm One-Eye. The arm around his waist quickly relaxed, and he was able to gingerly free himself from One-Eye's grasp while the youngest member of the clan remained asleep.
Sawtooth bristled at the unspoken request. The possessive part of him still saw this little wretch as his property, and thus his to do with as he desired. But the whore was of no use to him anymore. What should he care.
No such luck, though. A gnarled, oversized hand entangled in Sherlock's nest of dark curls and jerked his head back to the point of seriously straining his neck. Veins and tendons bulged under the fine porcelain skin, protesting against the violent treatment, while the brilliant young detective's hands desperately clawed at the filthy mattress he was pressed deeper and deeper into.
His brain had a moment of clarity, and reality returned to him with the speed and impact of a colliding train.
“What’s so funny?”
Sherlock had not updated.
Entering the backyard, Sherlock first saw several wrought iron racks, one of which had a skin stretched out on it and left to dry in the sun hours ago. Sherlock wished the skin had belonged to an animal. Though the criminals had been lucky in choosing to collect purses and identification, their actions on their own property were sloppier, not that this was a surprise.
John glanced at Mary, who looked like she had just drunk something and realized it was urine. The doctor was very close to deciding against the entire trip, just to spite Sherlock.
John secretly rolled his eyes.
"Mary, could you get a sheet from his bed?" John asked. "I know he's sweating right now, but once that stops, he'll be cold instead."
John was also not sure how much time he had left to free Sherlock. Mary had been killed within six hours of being abducted, and the doctor estimated half an hour - more or less - had passed since he last heard from his friend.
Mycroft went ahead with his shower. As Anthea had promised, he was not disturbed throughout the procedure of freshening up. The brand of soap provided by the hospital was nothing short of abominable, and the elder Holmes was grateful to his assistant for remembering to include a bar of his personal choice in the bag of toiletries.
“Bobbi with an ‘I’,” Sherlock corrected him. “Short for Roberta. And she’ll be leading us somewhere private to discuss the case.”
A very obvious path was located by the SWAT team, treaded enough times to be the path towards the clan's home. Even an idiot did not need John's personal account of the place to figure this out. Mycroft took a breath as they continued onward down the path, hating the feeling of uncertainty that gripped him. It made him feel helpless. Either the lunatics were waiting, prepared to defend their land by any means necessary, or they had evacuated and taken Sherlock with them. And in either scenario, Sherlock could already be dead. He loathed the doubt he felt.
The nurse assisting him complied, retrieving the solution as the doctor himself disengaged the IV bag of lactated Ringer solution with propofol.
"Answer the question, Sherlock," the older man admonished, but the imploration - conveying more than enough patience, according to Mycroft himself - did not have the desired effect. The civil servant swore under his breath as he once again had to increase his efforts just to keep Sherlock from inflicting further harm upon himself.
John made a mental note to either mind his sounds of self-pleasure from now on, or getting his bedroom soundproofed. Both were probably a good idea.
John felt a slight lurch in his stomach at the remark. Even though Mary clearly did not like Sherlock, she still found him pleasing to look at. Did she think vice-versa about John, that she loved him as a person but found him unattractive?
Mycroft tells John the story of Sherlock's abusive ex. Summarized as a flashback.
Sherlock walked briskly toward Ferguson's trailer, trying to make haste without making it too obvious that he was in a hurry. He received several curious, inquisitive glances from the people he passed on his way, some of them openly appreciative and admiring, others slightly more reserved.
"They either drove the cars here, or had them towed," the detective whispered. "There's a clue."
Sherlock was now doing his best to avoid his partner's stare. "I... sold some... stuff."
"Tell me," he said, "would there be any other people inhabiting these woods?"
, he chanted in his head, straining to mentally escape. Mind palace, fucking mind palace, God help me...
“I’m here,” John said, his voice weary.
But Sherlock… Oh God, Sherlock. He had promised to come back for his friend. If there was even the slightest possibility that Sherlock was alive, John owed it to him to try. He owed it to Mycroft as well, having solemnly promised to keep his little brother safe (or as safe as one could considering Sherlock's restless nature and his taste for the bizarre).
The nurse read the scribbled message for him, clearly oblivious of the subject matter. John balled his functioning left hand into a fist.
John suddenly wanted to change the subject, but he knew Sherlock would not. He absent-mindedly trailed his fingertip along Sherlock’s slight stomach, feeling the occasional hair.
We'll see, after Sherlock has his time with you, Mycroft thought cynically, despite the hope that crept in the back of his mind.
Rolling her eyes, Mary got to the bag first and opened it, passing it into Sherlock’s impatiently gesturing hand. She truly did not look pleased with the situation, especially not with their companion.
"What's so funny?" John asked, thinking nothing could be amusing about their situation.
“But I’m…” John began, lifting his head. However, he knew he sounded enough like a broken record already. “Oh, what’s the use? Maybe I am and I never realized it.”
Sherlock had the deepest urge to leave the room and punch John dead in the face, but he was strangely able to restrain himself. Perhaps because he wanted to keep the older man out of his sight as much as Mary did. He was not sure if he could face John without losing his self-control.
"Impressive, Sherlock," John said drily. "However..."
Unsurprisingly to John, Sherlock behaved as though he had heard nothing. Perhaps he truly had not.
As he listened to try and get an impression of where the smallest hunter was, John realized he could no longer hear its presence. The slope was silent, save for the rushing of the river's current. His heart hammered furiously as he strained to sense any sign of the despicable thing's presence.
Wary that someone might still be lying in wait for him, he carefully navigated the interior. Anyone nearby had to have been deaf to not hear the brief shouting match between him and John, but he still took care not to bump into or knock over anything. In addition, a chance, however small, still remained that the hunters were out in the woods somewhere, and in their return home, they might notice something moved or broken.
Head buzzing from the two gin and tonics she'd drunk at the Nudsino - not really a casino, despite the name - Mary made her way back to the lodge on wobbly legs. The alcohol had sent her head into a familiar calming buzz and helped ease the turmoil in her mind, but being sent away by John in favour of Sherlock still hurt, even after intoxication had occurred.
"Uhh... to be naked with other likeminded people, I guess?" John offered.
The flight over to the BWI airport strangely enough felt longer than the transatlantic one, even though it lasted less than an hour. John was not in the mood to speak, and neither was Mary. Perhaps she regretted even going on this trip with him. As things were turning out, she had good reason to.
"Not at the moment," the civil servant said from between clenched teeth. He was no idiot, of course, and knew what she was hinting at, but he couldn't deny the almost perverse feeling of triumph it brought him to leave John Watson in the dark and imagine the anguish it brought the other man, not knowing if Sherlock was alive or dead.
The older hunter impatiently shrugged off his brother's bothersome advances and One-Eye withdrew, disappointed and shaken by the rejection. Three-finger usually always had time for him.
While Mary experimented with the photos, John went into his partner’s bedroom and carefully picked up Sherlock’s coat. The faintly superstitious part of his mind had a fear that the very moment he touched the article would cause Sherlock to bolt upright, like a spider sensing a strand of its web had been disturbed. Such was fortunately not the case, but John was careful not to rattle the pill bottle too loudly when he removed it from the pocket.
The detective and his assistant made their way up the hill behind which Sherlock had claimed they would find the cabin. John momentarily lost his balance, sending a small current of rocks tumbling down the slope. Sherlock's hand shot out like the head of a striking cobra, grasping the doctor's arm, while his other hand wordlessly gesticulated the need for absolute silence.
Another arrow was fired toward her, this time shattering the driver side window and embedding itself in the headrest of her seat. The pane of glass practically exploded, showering the woman's hair and features with tiny shards. Mary screamed, even though she could not feel any pain at the moment. Her adrenaline-fuelled body did not allow it; her two choices consisted of fight or flight, and thus far, she was set on flight.
Mary felt the first sting of actual fear. How long would it be before she could flag down someone to ask for directions? Would that person even be able to help her? Would they be willing to?
Mycroft's voice was instantly recognized, breaking Sherlock from his unsteady train of thought. The tangible fog still clinging around his brain left him assuming he was home, except that very telling smell was back. The smell he remembered from his last waking.
"Sherlock, I'm sorry," John said, inching closer to his friend. "Is this why you never...?"
"I don't miss him, not really" he said thoughtfully. He managed a rather false looking smile. "Perhaps that's indicative of how close we really were."
With precious oxygen still running through, Sherlock's mind went elsewhere, running amok in the mind palace until a peculiar sound came above him. Something thrown on top of the suitcase.
"Of course," the other man replied as he hurried on ahead, not surprisingly having memorized their route from Avalon. "None can resist my charms. Not you, especially."
Now Sherlock was gone, held captive by a bunch of inbred psychopaths. Unless… No, John did not want to go there. He could not bear to lose both Mary and Sherlock, on the same day no less. His friend had to be alive.
"My methods are built on the observation of trifles, details, no matter how small or insignificant they may appear. By telling me, you could have been of great help, instead of leaving me to figure things out for myself."
"Alright then, let's go get Bee," Mycroft murmured and carefully held down the door handle to avoid any unnecessary noise. He let out a breath he didn't realize he was holding when nothing but silence greeted him outside the bathroom. It meant Father was still asleep. Thank goodness.
Mary backed up against the further end of the cramped space, bending her legs. Perhaps if she timed her defense well enough, she could kick the evil bastard when the door was finally forced open.
"MARY!" he shouted, about to dart past the car and search anew when skinny white fingers grabbed him by the shoulder and clamped over his mouth.
Mycroft's stomach knotted slightly at the thought of the hotel, a Hampton Inn, no doubt poorly managed. Hopefully his stay there would be brief. Also, he had to tell Anthea to look into leasing a car that came with its own chauffeur, as Mycroft did not want to rely on this area's taxi business as his sole mode of transport. Then he had to think about what to do with his upcoming commitments in Whitehall, as it doubtlessly seemed like he would be spending more time in America than he had initially counted on. Less than twelve hours ago, he had been set on bringing back his brother's corpse, if that. Now he suddenly had a whole new set of problems to deal with.
Sherlock stared at the floor for a few seconds before answering. John patiently waited for an answer. Patience was the least he could give him, after all.
John did not smile at the remark. At present time, he doubted the connection between himself and Mary was at all salvageable. The problem was, he loved both Mary and Sherlock, and he did not want to let either of them go, but almost immediately he realized how stupid and selfish he sounded. Mary did not seem the type to be anything but monogamous, and John was almost certain he was quite the same way. But he knew he had to grow some stones and decide who he truly wanted to be with: someone kind, patient and reliable, or someone who was not only a good lay, but a good friend.
How ashamed was Sherlock as he was invaded by this monster? Had he reached a place in his mind where he no longer felt shame from such cruelty?
John suddenly remembered his question to his friend, Mike Stamford, just before he'd first been introduced to Sherlock. Who'd want me for a flatmate? Would anyone want him for a boyfriend, either?
Oh no!
A familiar wrinkle formed at the center of John’s brow, an expression Mary had now become familiar with. It seemed to appear most often whenever Sherlock was involved.
Doctor John Watson closed his eyes, but that did little to block out the continuous drumming of Sherlock's feet against the wall. It had gone on for a while, and John knew better than to cater to the other's infantile need for attention - it would only exacerbate the situation - but it was still getting on his nerves. Especially as he was trying to focus on reading.
"Your sense of perspective is ridiculous," Sherlock replied, continuing to walk as though he knew exactly where he was going. He likely did, John surmised.
"I wouldn't say that," Sherlock replied, two whole minutes afterwards. His head twitched; a weird tic the detective sometimes displayed when an idea hatched inside his brilliant mind.
The resounding bang with which the sauna door suddenly flew open made them both jerk in their seats and hastily pull away from each other. For a moment, John almost expected a member of the staff barging in on them to say that their behaviour had been noticed and would not be tolerated at a family friendly resort. The person, however, was Sherlock.
Sherlock did not breathe as he turned over to face the shaky slab of wood separating the two men, exhaling sharply once he was in the proper position.
“You really did a number on yourself, didn’t you?” he muttered, picking up the bottle of lotion and squeezing out a small dollop into his palm.
"What's that? Where did you find it?" John asked, hesitant to leave his friend's side, but nonetheless very curious about the item Sherlock had brought with him. Fortunately the bag had been dropped far enough from the showers not to risk getting sprayed, but there was no way of knowing if it had been otherwise damaged.
"I am!" John shouted, realized his error, and quickly lowered his voice. "Listen, Sherlock… If we hurry back to Avalon and call the police on their landline, they could be here within one hour. They'll believe us if we tell them about the cars. They'll have to! And--"
John, having heard the cackling followed by a scream moments before, tensed and looked toward the location of the backyard.
John turned back to Mary, who looked confused, and ready to ask for elaboration, but John lifted a hand to cut her question short.
This had gone on throughout the painfully slow ride to the A&E, and Sherlock suspected their driver found the ordeal every bit as bothersome as he. Wasn't he the one who had quit only a few weeks later? Mr. Soames had been his name, if Sherlock's memory still served him correctly… A simple man with simple daily needs who could not take the drama and controversy surrounding the Holmes family. Mummy had been upset, almost personally affronted, by his abrupt quitting, and Mycroft had said "good riddance" with a derisive snort. Sherlock didn't remember having an opinion himself.
Mycroft was not yet quite asleep when he heard the sound of a doorknob being turned, immediately followed by soft, padding footfalls. He considered faking sleep and hope his brother would eventually give up and leave his room, but he realized it was a vain hope; even though he was only four years old, William would never fall for such an easy ploy.
"Sherlock just might," John replied, and unbeknownst to himself at the time, his voice was filled with pride. "He has eidetic memory. If he's seen a place once, he can remember it in perfect detail."
Nothing more than a mere twitch passed over the Ice-man's impassive features, and for the next few seconds a deadly silence descended over the small glade and the eight people (minus Sherlock's corpse) that were present.
Mycroft waits for news on Sherlock's surgery and busies himself by seeing to the practical arrangements.
"What size would you say that is?" Sherlock asked, not bothering to wait for input. "I'm an eleven..." He carefully placed his own shoe next to the gigantic boot print. It was twice as large as his own shoe.
"As you know, Mr. Holmes, the leg was not salvageable. We explored every option available--"
"Should he be alerted of Sherlock's condition?" Anthea's tone was still light and friendly in a professional manner, but it made the question she asked no less poignant. Mycroft paid her to take orders and execute them, not to offer her personal opinions, and it was very rarely indeed that Anthea breached their contract by interjecting something of personal value.
"Now ya listen to me, Eli. This here's a man, and he's been shot. Run back up to ya Mama and ask her to call an ambulance. We gotta take this man here to the hospital, or he gonna be dead. Can ya do that, Eli?"
Sherlock Holmes.
“If she was planning on leaving, she wouldn’t have left so much food behind.”
“You’re not the only one who noticed, by the way. Although it took you much longer…”
John…
Instinctively Mycroft craned his neck again, and he saw the pale, dirty flesh of a shoulder.
"We'll take care of your brother. He's in good hands." She hesitantly lowered her arm, still suspicious of him but apparently willing to negotiate. He did not doubt, however, that if he continued to make trouble for her, she would not hesitate to call security and have him bodily thrown out of the hospital. Considering he was not in his natural element, it might take him several hours to pull the right strings to get things moving. Sherlock did not have a few hours. He had to play along and at least give off the pretense of cooperation… for now.
A curt headshake from the Ice-man. "No."
“Granted, there are a few complaints I have with the rules myself, but that’s neither here nor there,” Sherlock continued, standing up and taking a step towards the laptop. “Your friend Sarah looks happy here.”
"We should notify the authorities..." John murmured, pulling his hands over his face.
“Most of the time,” they both said at once.
"Sherlock, are you out of your mind? I'm here with Mary!"
The bleary little bitch was too feverish to give him any ideas. Pursing his lips as best he could over malformed teeth, his thoughts were interrupted by an audible crash, followed by an impatient bark from Sawtooth. Worry possessed the smallest hunter for a moment, thinking One-Eye had easily become a source of annoyance. Glancing out the door, Three-finger saw that their leader was directing the youngest to remove unnecessary excess from the vehicles required for their quick departure. At least One-Eye was being useful.
Mary, fearing that the argument might soon progress beyond verbal, stepped between the two men. "Sherlock, leave John alone!" she berated the detective. "You don't have to get on his case all the time for not having a trust fund like some others..."
A stab of guilt struck Sherlock. Once he actually thought about it, their union had become more about his own climax, and anything felt by John had become incidental. After John had become huffy over the lack of touch, the detective simply concluded that John should be grateful that his friend had been interested in him, that the doctor should feel lucky that they were not only partners and friends, but now also comfortable with providing such pleasure for one another.
John's self-preservation instinct told him to get himself someplace safe, which in this case meant as far from the wretched cabin as possible. If he simply ran, in whatever direction, he was bound to get to a road sooner or later… wasn't that so? He was fairly sure he would not find his way back to Avalon without Sherlock to guide him.
Sherlock's thoughts momentarily drifted to contemplate the obvious and glaring inefficiency of the local police department and their inability to even protect their own, but the furious howl of his attacker, no longer in a playful mood, quickly made him forget thoughts about anything but the present.
He looked back up to watch Sherlock apply more lubricant, this time into the detective’s snug anal passage. Giving a clever little smirk, he walked forward on his knees, his own member drifting against John’s stiff penis, tickling to the point of sending a powerful shudder of satisfaction through the doctor. The younger man then guided John’s hand to the slick opening, a clear invitation to the obvious. John inserted first one finger, massaging for a few seconds, then inserted a second.
Good. One-Eye was an idiot, but he had picked up on a few things throughout the years, such as not bothering Sawtooth when he was busy with a whore, and by now a sight like this was a commonplace as putting out clothes to dry.
"Don't bother," the detective snapped, his face now turned away from John.
John fights for his life, and Mycroft is alerted of the situation.
The silhouette formed a torso and an arm.
Had they found Sherlock? And if so, had they killed him? John silently tried to convince himself that they had completely passed his friend by, but the chances of that were one in a million. And now they were coming for him.
Sherlock shook his head. "Not yet. I'd like to have more to go on before sharing the news with my client." He took another sip of coffee. "We should investigate. I believe it is of vital importance to find the source of that smoke, as well as the man whose silhouette we see right here."
“He’s not here,” she reassured him, not having to ask who the ‘him’ was. “The only way he’s here is in your head, and he probably wanted it that way.”
John’s face went a deep red. At times like these, he wondered if his personal life had been better off had he not given in to impulse that night so long ago. The morning after, he had said that it had all been a mistake, though this statement had not kept them from engaging in the act over and over again. Perhaps it really had been a mistake.
Missy stared at him for a few seconds, knowing the implications of his wording. But before their conversation could go any further, Doctor Nasim entered the waiting room, clipboard in hand.
A shrill cackle that nearly did not sound human followed from above. Whatever had landed on the roof was now laughing at her predicament, at her scream of terror.
"Well then, Doctor. I have to prepare for a meeting with the US foreign secretary in just one hour, and..."
As he applied the aloe, John considered the possibility of how he had expected a little too much out of Sherlock. As Mycroft had said, his brother was more fragile than could have been perceived. In addition, his nature was such that he kept to himself, even around those he seemed to trust, which included John. Someone like Sherlock could not have possibly been accepted by the general populace as a child, so there was little wonder as to why John had not found out about the antipsychotics until today: really, how was Sherlock supposed to bring the subject to light?
Sherlock tried to utilize his normally astute powers of observation to predict his captors' next course of action. It was not as simple as he was used to. His eyesight was becoming hazy and blurred, and his brain refused to work as the well-oiled machinery it was. Instead it now behaved like a clockwork struggling to operate despite sand being thrown into the gears.
"I'll make some tea," Mary announced, standing up. It was bad enough that she already felt like the fifth wheel on what was supposed to be a romantic getaway. "You want some?"
