Sherlock is so shocked by what just transpired that it takes him a moment to react.
Sherlock lets John take his hand, feeling his throat grow suddenly tight.
“I know that you and Johnny have been… meeting in his time off.” Burns pauses to drag a match to life, the flare of light briefly illuminating the deep grooves in his face, making his features jagged. He shakes the match to darkness, puffs at the stem, and then blows out a curl of smoke. “Things is different now. You’ll want to leave him alone for a bit.”
However, if Sherlock is honest with himself, then he must admit that the real reason he spends all his time watching the crew is because of one sailor in particular, a man who stands out from all the rest like the glimmer of sunlight on the crest of the wave, the pearl lying in the mouth of the oyster.
“It’s fine,” John says, and his voice is as warm and reassuring as ever. “Watch, I’ll show you what to do.”
John looked up at him; saw a furrow emerging between his brows.
“It’s all I thought about those long hours at the pumps—the curve of your neck, the taste of your lips, the smell of your curls. Do you know how good you smell, Sherlock?”
The message is one word. When he sees it he feels his heart stop.
The dog is still there, waiting; long pink tongue dangling out of its black mouth.
He does not know how to begin to convey to John what he just experienced—he’s not sure he understands it himself.
John trails a hand down the front of Sherlock’s chest and Sherlock sucks a breath in and holds it as John’s hand moves all the way down to his belly button and over his hip, where it rests, warm and light, fingers spread over the top of Sherlock’s thigh.
Sherlock made another little humming noise. “I need to hear you say it, John.”
Sherlock didn’t know it was possible for him to come more than once in such a short space of time but it seems John Watson causes all kinds of inexplicable reactions in his body; the fact that his second orgasm is even more intense than the first is yet another surprise. It seems to last forever, the pleasure spiraling on and on, as he shudders and jerks in the circle of John’s arms, John’s lips still warm at his throat.
A good while later, red-faced and out of breath, his shirt clinging to his back with sweat, Sherlock takes a step back, lifts a hand. He doesn’t want to suggest they take a break, doesn’t want to give any indication of his own weakness but he’s so hot he’s starting to feel light-headed.
Sherlock shivers at the rough edge in John’s voice, the hint of possessiveness.
His body arches, his back lifting off the bed, fingers clenching on John’s arms; the cry that issues from his lips lost in the heat of John’s mouth.
John laughs again, softly.
“John, wait!”
As he says the word, his eyes drop to settle on Sherlock’s mouth, his eyelashes low over his eyes, casting spiky shadows on his cheeks in the candlelight. He leans in and Sherlock can scarcely breathe, he is so desperate for John to close the last inch between them and bring their mouths together again.
Sherlock is so stunned by this interaction that he is left standing in the middle of the corridor for a good minute after the Colonel’s departure.
John hesitates in the doorway for a half-second before going up the stairs, his back to Sherlock. He almost turns, but then thinks better of it. What would he say?
“And everyone’s agreed to this plan?” Sherlock asks, full of sudden doubt.
Sherlock discovers he has more allies than he thought…
Sherlock licks his lips again, self-conscious.
If John looked pleased before, there are no words to describe the expression on his face now. He looks as though he’s swallowed the sun.
the desire growing in John’s eyes, blooming like a hothouse flower, its petals uncurling in the presence of the sun.
“What can I do?”
Sherlock is silent again, in the hopes that Ferguson will continue speaking. He’s relying on that powerful combination of factors that so often guarantees a stranger will confide in you if you only remain quiet long enough—boredom and self-interest.
There are so many different emotions in John’s voice; Sherlock is desperate to try and decipher each one—sorrow, astonishment, fondness; regret.
But surely, no man would be stupid enough to come forward with this information if he were the guilty party.
He has to break his mouth away to gasp for air as he shudders his way through it, his body wracked with pleasure, John’s warm hands holding him upright.
he told himself.
Despite the evident scratch marks on his chest and the disheveled state of his hair, all in all everything about his appearance which contributed to him looking like he’d been thoroughly fucked, his expression remained serene. John didn’t know how he did it.
He tucked his chin back against Sherlock’s hair. “Happy New Year, Sherlock.”
Sherlock must have seen it on his face. “What is it? What’s wrong?”
John stood and gaped.
“Oh. You—? Oh. Well, that’s nice. Ta.”
Splicing the main brace.
John felt the vibration all the way through the length of his cock and into his balls. He let out a yell, his legs coming up to lock around Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock made a keening sound and John felt Sherlock’s hips twitch against him.
Sherlock gasps at the contact of John’s thighs meeting his under the water.
However, as he’s rising to his feet, he turns to Sally with a warm smile.
“Oh, Sherlock…”
“I can’t believe how lucky I am,” John breathes into the darkness between them. “Hearing you say it, I…”
John’s words are greeted by a roar of approval from the crowd. Sherlock is nearly deafened by the thunderous sound of applause, and the various whoops and hollers of delight. As John leaps down from the table, Sherlock feels several hands clapping him hard on the back.
“Hello, Lieutenant,” Molly says shyly, no longer making any effort to disguise her voice or her gait. Even though she’s still wearing the midshipman’s uniform, Lestrade’s presence seems to make her forget everything she’s learned in the last twelve hours about disguising herself as a lad. She’s looking up at Lestrade through lowered lashes, her head tilted slightly downwards, her hands clasped in front of her.
But the fear won’t leave him; it grips his throat like a fist, making it difficult to swallow, making it difficult to move.
Sherlock repeats the motion and moans as he feels the head of John’s cock settle back against his entrance again. Sherlock wriggles his hips and lets out another moan, this time of longing.
“There’s scaffolding under the window. It goes all along the northeast corner of the house. I saw it when I came out the other side of the alley.” Sherlock tried once more to push him toward the door and this time John let himself be led. “Come on, John.”
He finds himself longing once again for the chance to speak with Miss Hooper, to ask her about her own recollections and observations from that night.
Sherlock glances over at John to see his arms crossed over his chest, a deep furrow between his brows. He looks just as suspicious as the rest of them as to the veracity of this news.
He had one more question for Sherlock but he didn’t want to push him too hard. He knew none of this was easy for him.
Sherlock sits back from the paper to read over what he has written. The paragraph that cost him what feels like a titanic amount of effort is no more than a few lines; conveys next to nothing.
“I should make it clear now,” John says, his voice still full of pain despite what Sherlock can tell are his best intentions. “That no matter what form our relationship takes, I will be content. If it just remains friendship, if that’s all that you desire…” John takes another deep breath. “My life will still be better for it.”
This man is younger—about John and Sherlock’s age, heavy-set, with kind brown eyes, and a ruddy, good-natured face.
There he lives among drowned sailors, playing chess with chips of bone and shell, ghostly pipes clenched between their teeth from which no smoke ever issues. It seems they cannot abandon the habit, even in death.
But the panic is still with him, the fear still alive inside of him.
He blinked in the darkness, moved to roll over, and felt the brush of Sherlock’s hair under his mouth.
It is into this grey oblivion that Sherlock pulls John—out of the murk of the corridor and into his arms.
Ferguson takes it, that grim smile returning to his face as he does so.
The fire that had been building in him during his dream, that had sunk to embers upon waking, now flared back to life at the memory of all that had passed between them the night before. He sifted through the memories of last night, his body tingling as he turned each one over in his mind, the warmth that had started in his belly slowly filling the whole of him. He pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s shoulder, overcome.
John’s hand has already started to move again and then it really is difficult to keep from making sounds. Sherlock has to bite down on his lips, hard, because the feeling of John’s fingers around him, the pace at which he’s stroking him, it’s so perfect, it’s everything—it's
It takes him a moment to find his way under the beams to the area at the front of the ship where the crew sleeps, but it is easy to locate once he does, the forest of hammocks swinging with the slight sway of the ship is impossible to miss.
Sherlock tucks his burning cheek in against the pillow, feeling hot with shame.
Perhaps surprise was not the best tactic.
Sherlock obliged, moaning long and low in the base of his throat in response, his mouth suckling at John’s prick like a man drowning of thirst, finger pushing further in and curving as it did until it brushed John’s prostate, and that was it. That was the beginning of the end.
After they’ve all gone, John goes to take a shower and when he comes back, feeling slightly more human, he finds Sherlock sitting in his chair, the mangled violin on his knees.
At night he sleeps in the morgue, where he runs no risk of being seen. Sleep eludes him. He lies awake, haunted alternately by the expression on Moriarty’s face before he shot himself and John’s voice on the phone, breaking.
However, he finds he can’t quite manage it.
Each time he wakes from a new nightmare, it takes him longer to fall back asleep, until finally, in the grey oblivion that signals that dawn is not far off, Sherlock slips back into sleep and has a nightmare that he does not forget.
The only item he never returned was Sebastian Wilkes’s pocket watch. The other boy had been so horrible to Sherlock it was the least he could do to throw it in the Thames.
“Well, you’re clever like her for one thing. And because… you’re solitary like she is, apart from the rest of the world. But it’s more than that. You’re independent. I think… you go where you like in life. You don’t let it push you where you don’t want to go. You’d never let anybody own you.”
so dexterously to his own body.
The light on the bedside table had been switched off.
Sherlock, awed by this gesture all over again looks down at where John's hand is folded over his, pressed in against his chest.
Sherlock takes a deep breath. “I can tell he’s spent his life on ships from the way he moves on the rigging, and the way he walks—with the slightly bow-legged stance typical of sailors. I know he’s older than he looks because of his wrinkles—they’re the result of years spent in the sun. It’s the case with many sailors that they look far older than they are. It’s also the case that most sailors work primarily on merchant ships if they can help it because of the difference in wages, but I know he’s been to war because of the scars on his hands and neck. That, and his deafness, which is likely due to his post below decks by the cannons.”
He reached down blindly, wanting to take hold of some part of Sherlock, to communicate to him what he was feeling. He settled for burying his hands in Sherlock’s hair, not pulling, but massaging, carding the thick curls through his fingers, one hand teasing the sensitive skin along his neck.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock! What are you doing?”
him.”
Sherlock looked down at him, and the expression on his face took John’s breath away. “I don’t think you know what you do to me.”
Sherlock obediently twisted around until he was on his back, legs parted, his cock flushed and straining against his belly.
“Bless my stars! If it isn’t John Watson returned to Rio de Janeiro!”
He must taste different now, feel different, and Sherlock is filled with an animal need to touch him, to kiss him, to learn how he tastes here, now, in this blaze of sunlight and open sky.
He closes his eyes again, listening to the rhythm of the waves against the sand. If only he could stop time from its inevitable movement forward, make it so that it was always now, always this moment—the rest of the afternoon stretched out before them like the glittering expanse of sand along the shore.
He opens his eyes, studying the expanse of blue above them, noticing in an absent-minded way how strange it is for him to be talking so openly about his family. But something about the sound of the waves, the warmth of the sun on his face, and John’s genuinely interested questions make it easier than it’s ever felt before.
“Watson, I know you’re on duty now so I will make this brief.” He directs his gaze at John. “I have a matter of ship’s business that I am hoping you will be able to help me with.”
“The point is… I know a little bit of what you’re going through right now and it’s… there is no worse feeling. It doesn’t get worse than that. And I won’t tell you it gets better. Because it doesn’t. But at least know that you’re not alone in that feeling.”
John lets out a sob and now Sherlock is kissing his closed eyes, kissing the corner of his jaw, his ear, every inch of his face.
“Jesus, Sherlock.”
He wants to turn around and leave. He does not know how much longer he can stand to see them together, but he has been searching for John for so long and John is speaking to him now.
that John is here?
“Don’t touch me!” The man snarled, yanking his hand forcibly out of Sherlock’s grasp.
Sherlock nods, grateful for something to focus on other than the presence of John’s hands against his neck. Although he’s not sure how well he will be able to comprehend what John is saying to him.
for it. You’re just waiting for him to get you alone so he can turn you over and bugger the living daylights out of you.”
The pillow under Sherlock’s hips meant that his head was lower than his legs, so his face was partially hidden to John’s view. Still, from where he was positioned he could see Sherlock’s hands release their death-grip on the sheets and lift to cover Sherlock’s face. He could just make out the whispered litany that he murmured into his hands as John’s tongue continued to stroke.
Sherlock’s chest tightens with sudden fear. “Why?”
“Johnny Boy, come give us a song!”
The disgust in John’s voice is palpable.
Then again, if this is indeed their only opportunity to send post before they reach India, it might be worth attempting.
John attempted to loosen the grip of Sherlock’s arms around his waist. “Sherlock…”
nothing to keep me company
, Sherlock realizes, unlike himself, who’s only just managed to scrape his way out of boyhood.
It’s several moments before he feels himself sinking back down against John’s body beneath him, his bones melting, his fingers finally releasing the rim of the bathtub, and dropping down into the water.
Sherlock gasps, his knees coming up automatically, his legs winding around John’s waist, his mouth falling open in a silent ‘O’ of pleasure.
Sherlock curls his finger, trying to find that magic spot deep inside John that he knows now from experience will make pleasure explode inside of him, but before he can find it, he’s startled out of his intense concentration by the ocean suddenly surging in around them.
“I understand,” she says in a rush. “I’d like to do whatever I can to help.”
“You should know John Watson well enough by now to know that one measly, little, snot-nosed midshipman isn’t enough to worry him.”
You guys are the best. <3
The minuet has just finished. The couples on the dance floor are bowing to one another and moving into position to start the next dance.
And now, standing in the snow outside their flat, unable to get the bloody key into the lock, he felt the full weight of responsibility for the catastrophe that had just occurred. And gradually his shock was turning to anger.
So he stays at Baker Street, and he waits.
Sherlock gasps as though he’s been burned—so sensitive is he to the touch of John’s warm wet open mouth.
Billy nods at him, the exhaustion in his whole body unmistakable.
Sherlock rubs the pad of his thumb over the scrollwork on the front, the intricate pattern of the interlocking letters worn smooth by time, and perhaps by John’s fingers repeating the very same gesture that Sherlock is now, and the thought of that, of John’s strong fingers rubbing meditatively where Sherlock’s fingers now rest, the ghost of John’s movement somehow available to him through the warm silver, makes heat fill him as surely, as swiftly as though John were in bed beside him now.
And it isn’t just Sherlock who’s at risk; what’s painfully, unmistakably clear is that the person who is truly at risk, is John. Because the captain knows now; he knows that John is who Sherlock cares about most in the world, and if he wants something from Sherlock, he will know just who to go after to make Sherlock give it to him.
The other passengers gradually lose interest and go about their business but Sherlock cannot take his eyes away.
John nods, leaning in briefly to press his shoulder against Sherlock’s. And then he says, in a low voice only for Sherlock, “Look for me this afternoon. I’ll be up in the top sails.”
She’s smiling at him in the same bland way she always is but this time, she stops and puts her hand on his arm.
He was the runt of the litter—small, malnourished, always pushed aside at feeding time. When he was still a puppy the kennel master took him out behind the shed to shoot him—“There’s no way he can survive in this pack,” but Sherlock, furious, angry tears streaming down his cheeks, who’d already taken a liking to the undernourished pup, had stood between the trembling dog and the kennel master’s gun. “I won’t let you shoot him. I won’t let you.”
The shock of his absence is so profound—so visceral, to Sherlock it’s like moving from the heat of a summer day into the frigid darkness of a winter night. It’s like the shock of that first stinging breath when stepping out into the bitter cold after sitting for hours in front of the fire.
“I know,” John said, reaching for the buttons on Sherlock’s disheveled shirt. “I want this. I need this right now, Sherlock. Please. I know it’s—I know I shouldn’t be thinking about sex after… after everything, but I want you.” He started undoing the buttons on Sherlock’s shirt, more rapidly than he would have thought possible. He heard his own voice shake with longing. “
He was so sensitive he felt his hips jerk at the touch, pushing Sherlock deeper inside himself. The resulting combination of pain and pleasure was like a match exploding into flame.
He moved to follow Sherlock but Lestrade put a hand on his arm. “John, trust me on this. I really wouldn’t.”
Sherlock nods, swallowing down his disappointment. It’s difficult not to feel a kind of desperate greed about every hour they have on shore. Two hours of feeling ill and disoriented feels like a significant cost when they only have twenty-four in total.
Sherlock gasps softly with delight. Every time John says it, it is a revelation to him.
Sherlock looks up again to see the look on Deverall’s face transforming from shock to something like delight.
John swore loudly and climbed back onto the bed to kneel between Sherlock’s thighs. The only time he saw this side of Sherlock—the only time he was obedient, submissive, vulnerable—was during sex. It made John’s cock so hard he was afraid for a moment he was going to come right there. He pressed his fist hard into the side of his leg and the moment passed.
In many ways, this whole story is a love letter from me to all the traditional and folk music in the world that I love, and this chapter is no exception. This chapter in particular is my love letter to Swedish folk music and dance. And so, I provide you now with many links! So that you too can share in the delight.
John’s words pour over him like lust itself, warm and caressing. Sherlock is so lost in the needs of his own body, in the feel of John around him, that he can hardly understand what John is saying. But he can feel the heat in John’s voice as clearly as he can feel the pressure of John’s fingers on his hips, the yearning in his tone fanning the flames of Sherlock’s own desire until he’s squirming in John’s grasp, desperate for movement, for friction. But John does not relent.
“I don’t—” Sherlock’s voice was strained. His eyelids fluttered shut. Oh god, he was too close. Had been for so long. John felt a stab of guilt—he would make it up to him.
John kept his eyes shut, heard his own breathing grow ragged as he began to speak.
“What were you thinking of?”
John feeds him the whole bowl, slowly, forcing him to take long drinks of water in between.
John climbed to his knees, his head still ringing from the blow that had knocked the guns from his hands. “I’m sorry,” he croaked, his voice hoarse from the smoke. “I fouled that up.”
Sherlock hears the sound of laughter; feels his cheeks grow splotchy with a mixture of embarrassment and rage, and before Stevens can say another word, Sherlock is darting around him and bolting for the stairs.
Sherlock is not entirely sure how he gets himself back to his room.
Sherlock thinks about clasping his hand in John’s, pushing with all his might as John tries to pin his arm to the table, and something flashes through him, hot and bright as a stroke of lightning. He feels heat spread through him that has nothing to do with the sun overhead, and is suddenly grateful that John has decided the activity will have to wait.
Sherlock’s fingers move to close around him, but John catches his wrist, stilling the motion.
Sherlock begins to pull back, uncertain, terrified, but just as he does, John makes a sound low in his throat, desperate, full of sorrow, and reaches to pull Sherlock back against him.
—the taste of it sweeter than any liquor Sherlock has ever drunk—he fills his palms again and again, drinking long and deep.
He saves the area between his legs for last—lathering up his palms with the now considerably smaller lump of soap—and as his hand works under himself, over and around all his most sensitive parts, he cannot help but imagine what it would feel like if it were John’s hands on him instead of his own, helping him, cleaning him so gently.
Sherlock nods.
He feels weak, insubstantial, like he might be floating apart.
He hasn’t played since the night of the sailor’s party almost a week ago, and the realization brings with it a sweet rush of memories from that evening, of the way it felt to play so fully and so freely, with so much joy in the company of others; of John’s face watching him, beaming, from across the room.
“You don’t have to do this. I’m—” He swallows around the tightness in his throat. “I’m fine. I’ll be fine.”
Moriarty put his face down close to John’s until their foreheads were touching. John tried to twist away but Moriarty pressed in closer, his expression exultant.
Sometimes it seems as if someone has just left in a hurry—indicated by a chair pulled out from the table, a mug abandoned here, a still smoking pipe over there—but never does he see another human being.
“I better get back up top.”
He dragged his face along the pillow until it was almost touching Sherlock’s, so that he could feel the heat of each of Sherlock’s shaking breaths against his mouth.
He only barely manages to restrain himself from flinging the inkpot against the wall of his cabin.
Sherlock almost knocks his head against the top of the desk in his eagerness to stand.
The sound of the body falling to the floor above her makes Molly shut her eyes; but worse than that is the silence that follows. The silence of John’s grief fills the flat like a vacuum. She can feel the force of it like the shimmer of heat from a fire a long way off. She can’t bear it.
Sherlock didn’t answer, he just tugged on John’s hands. “Come on, John. There is cold curry at stake!”
“I’m—I don’t…” Sherlock shakes his head. “John, I’m not good with people. I’m worried that…” He drops his head, staring at the gleam on his boots in the light of the distant lanterns. His voice is a whisper. “What if they don’t like me?”
He has no idea what John is going to say.
Sherlock can only hope that Lestrade was wise enough to keep his and John’s intervention that evening a secret. Aside from Sherlock’s unfortunate encounter with Anderson, he didn’t think anyone else had paid much notice to Lestrade suddenly falling ill, and if they had, they probably would have assumed the lieutenant had simply had too much to drink.
,” Sherlock snarls, refusing to be intimated by this man’s show of brute strength, no matter how terrified he feels, how easily he knows Stevens could snap his neck.
Sherlock recognizes at once the sinewy, scarred face of Ironsides Jake. He leans over to take Sherlock’s hand and shake it vigorously in greeting.
“Thoroughly fucked,” Sherlock said, his own voice like ground glass rubbed in velvet. He stretched, pushing his fists up over his head into the pillows and arching his back.
John licked his lips. “That wasn’t part of it. I just needed to do that.” He pulled his legs out from under Sherlock and swatted him on the ass. “Now lie down.”
Sherlock can see their white arms lifted to him, their fins flashing silver in the darkness; he can see where their long hair is threaded with pearls.
Sure enough, he sees John’s eyes open. The expression of fear—of longing almost brings Sherlock to his knees.
Sherlock is staring at John, the locket suspended from his fingers. “But… the initials...”
Molly must sense his misery because she’s leaning towards him now, her voice low enough that the others won’t hear.
He doesn’t call the boy’s name until he’s just a few feet away from him.
Sherlock doesn’t answer. He draws his arms around himself, silently willing the other man to leave.
John turns his head to answer, the low rush of his voice in Sherlock’s ear shockingly intimate.
“Listen up! Everybody has the chance to make it out of here alive, but you need to act quickly and do exactly as I say. You will not leave this room until you have surrendered all the valuables on your person up to me. I repeat: all valuables must be handed over if you want to leave this room. That includes watches, wallets, credit cards, cufflinks, and all jewelry. If you do as you’re told, I will let you out. That is when and only when I determine you’ve given me
Ignoring the pull of the music, he looks instead for where the mail barge is docked, and sure enough sees a courier standing by the gangway near the quarterdeck with a satchel at his feet, deep in conversation with Lieutenant Deverall.
“Yes, yes, oh god yes.”
However, the sky will have lightened to a hazy grey on the horizon, and if you were to stand on the upper decks, you would be able to make out the first pale glimmer of daylight in the east where the sky meets the sea.
“I don’t think—”
He hears John step away to lay the folded shirt on the table with Sherlock’s other items of clothing, and Sherlock relishes the feeling of his nakedness.
His whole body was trembling with the approach of his orgasm—his hands fisting desperately in Sherlock’s hair to stave off the inevitable.
John is standing so close Sherlock can feel the vibrations of the music in his chest. It is the most intimate experience Sherlock has ever had with anyone. It is like a part of John is inside him, filling him up, and suddenly, Sherlock feels the way he did earlier when the music was pouring in to fill the hollow place in his chest, but this time it is John, John’s warm voice touching him with a physical presence.
It’s difficult, though, to focus, to not be completely undone by the experience of touching John Watson like this, of having access to this most intimate part of him.
“St. John’s Parkway,” Sherlock said, struggling against John’s hand. “Victoria Square.”
“Then at this end,” John points just behind where they are standing. “We have the block room, the pitch room, the boatswain’s store room, the foresail room, the gunner’s store room, and the carpenter’s store room. They’re all locked of course. The warrant officers keep the keys.”
“Don’t be stupid,” Sherlock snaps. “You have to go alone.”
He’ll try again later—he’s not giving up. He simply needs to wait until his body is less stiff.
This time Miss Goodfellow beats him to the question. “What was he angry about?”
Sherlock waits until Jack’s footsteps have vanished up the steps before hurrying after him to look once again for Lieutenant Lestrade.
Sherlock is squirming where he sits, remembering how he buried his face in the pillow and thought of John, how he couldn’t resist touching himself.
Sherlock’s dreams become fragments—shards of pain and sickness mixed with flashes of heat.
“John,” Sherlock said, and John raised his eyes to Sherlock’s to find Sherlock’s eyes alight with the same blazing look they’d held on the boat before Sherlock had pulled them both through flame. “There’s nothing wrong with you.”
She could be just like all the others. In truth he doesn’t know her well at all, but what stops him from leaving, what keeps him there, is the thought of John, what John would think, if Sherlock left this poor, sad, lonely girl to the dreary company of her domineering chaperone.
Sherlock does not say anything until they reach the revelers on the other side of the main mast and have been swallowed up by the boisterous crowd. He looks over at her and cannot keep the smile from off his face.
He doesn’t want to say anything—doesn’t want to give evidence of his mistrust of John—and now is certainly not the time and place to discuss it, but he can’t seem to help himself. The tiny shard of jealousy is like poison; he does not know how to reverse its effects, save for blurting out:
He should have known better. The man doesn’t like Sherlock—he never has—and he should have guessed from the way his sly, sloping face twisted up in obvious dislike at Sherlock’s approach that the man wouldn’t deign to give him the time of day much less grant him a favor.
But to his surprise, he does not feel awash with guilt. On the contrary, his body is quieter now, his head less full of screaming darkness.
“Ah Watson—just a moment.”
It’s such an intimate place to be touching John—the fact that Sherlock is allowed to do this, to know John in this way… it feels like an incredible gift. Not for the first time, he’s overcome with a feeling of something like holiness, or at least what Sherlock has heard other people describe the feeling to be like.
Reaching between them, John took it in his hand and began to stroke. He heard the sharp hiss of his breath as his fingers made contact and watched Sherlock’s eyes flutter shut as his hand started to move.
Sherlock seems to have recovered his voice. “Kiss me,” he whispers, and John does.
He kissed John’s ankle—just the softest brush of his lips—before sliding his mouth up to John’s calf. The touch of his mouth was so light John could feel himself shaking beneath it; every nerve in his body felt like it was on fire and Sherlock hadn’t even touched his cock yet. He fisted his hands in the sheets to keep from crying out.
“Yes, sir.”
delicious.”
Ms. Grimsby sniffs approvingly. “Yes, I think she might be. Well, in that case, Mr. Holmes, I’m sure we will endeavor to teach you
Sherlock rubs his middle finger over the spot that feels like a tiny bump inside of John and watches in fascinated delight as a shudder of pleasure rolls through him, his hands tightening into fists where they’re lying at his sides.
Sherlock tips his head back against John’s shoulder, losing himself in the sensation of John’s hands moving against him, luxuriating in the slow rolling build of his pleasure within him.
got a chance to talk. It seems we’re always being interrupted.”
The worst part about the incident with Sherlock’s cousins was the way Mycroft—who was the oldest of the group—acted the part of ringleader in the beginning, and then did nothing to intervene on Sherlock’s behalf, despite the fact that
It’s only now, thinking back over what they did this morning that Sherlock realizes just how stupid it was to take the risk they did; how unbelievably lucky they were not to get caught.
“Oh god, that’s nice…”
Sherlock is so shocked by this pronouncement that he cannot speak.
At first, even the smaller road is full of people, but the longer they walk, the fewer and fewer people they pass, until John directs them onto what could only loosely be described as a path, that seems to lead right into the heart of the jungle.
Sherlock can’t help but smiling at this description—it certainly sounds like John.
John looked up, startled. Sherlock’s uncanny ability to seemingly read his thoughts never ceased to amaze him.
It seems the prospect of the party has done little to improve the captain’s own sour disposition. The man’s evident displeasure can be heard in the resounding bark of his voice.
John straightens up; licks his lips. “Will you show me? What you did?” The hunger in his voice is unmistakable. “How you touched yourself when you thought of me?”
He never took his eyes off Sherlock as he came back across the room, moving through shadows on silent feet, the gleam off his muscles as he crawled back onto the bed like flashes of light on water in the glare of the sun.
“Sherlock—”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, his voice now tight with misery, and just the slightest hint of defensiveness. “He didn’t see me. I got rid of the steward first. And then Lieutenant Lestrade came in and found me. He wasn’t pleased.”
“How long have I been sick?” he rasps with effort.
Sherlock licks his lips and drops back a step. It takes all his effort to do so. “Yes. Yes, you should go.”
“If I had my way, you’d be put through the paces of your own so-called
Sherlock looked up, startled, his face chasing through a number of different expressions before settling on one that was filled with regret.
Anderson’s lips curls, his face now sickeningly close to Sherlock’s. His voice is soft as death.
“Is that what he told you?” Sherlock’s voice was quiet but it pierced like a knife through the sound of John’s ragged sobbing.
“Hi,” John said, propping his head on his hand. “How are things?”
Easing forward to get a better look, Sherlock sees that the boat out of which the captain has just climbed is not his official vessel, but rather one of the boats from the port. It looks like an ordinary fishing sloop.
“They’re beautiful.”
John let go of the door handle.
Billy is reaching for his buckets again, clearly eager to be on his way, and at the sight of them, Sherlock feels a brief twist of self-hatred at the fact that he’s actually going to ask Billy for something else, on top of everything he’s already done, but he cannot stop himself.
He remembers her face, half-hidden in the shadow of her bonnet, how waxy and ill she had looked, as though the child had taken a part of herself with it, into the grave.
Sherlock thinks violently inside his own head but he cannot speak—his voice has abandoned him.
John followed Sherlock to the main road where they’d gotten a taxi, and it wasn’t until they were halfway home that John realized he’d never said goodbye to Lestrade, so preoccupied was he with Sherlock’s disturbing silence.
John, muffling his mouth to hide the tide of unstoppable giggles that had erupted, had managed to swallow down his giddiness long enough to choke out, “Everything’s fine, Mrs. H! Just helping Sherlock get a splinter out of his foot! Nothing to worry about.”
“What is it?” Sherlock rasps, realizing that his own voice sounds far worse.
However, he can only lie so still for so long with his newly finished composition lying so near to him. After a time, he sits up and pulls it out again, studying the notes, listening to the rise and fall of music in his mind, thinking of John.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered up to him and this time his smile reached his eyes. “Good old Dr. Watson.”
Sherlock’s tongue is still circling John’s nipple when he acquiesces to John’s request. His thrusts are shallow at first—he doesn’t know what will feel best for John—or, to be honest, how much
The same wrinkled old sailor starts to sing again, and almost immediately Sherlock picks out the melody. Old Leroy has abandoned his mouth organ for the time being, content just to watch, but the piper and drummer join in as soon as Sherlock starts to play.
“Fuck.” John’s hips jerked forward into Sherlock’s mouth.
John’s hands were fisted in the material on his thighs, his breathing quick and shallow.
But he does as John says; with one hand, he positions his cock so that the tip is lined up against the entrance to John’s body.
The men are staggered in various seated or reclining positions around the foremast, which is where they generally tend to congregate this time of day—out of the way of the few men still on watch.
Their progress down the stairs was slow but as they got going, some of John’s coordination came back to him, as did his resolve as the air began to clear of smoke.
Luckily, the crowd of people on deck is so thick that Sherlock need take only two steps in the opposite direction before he is swallowed up by the throng, effectively vanishing from the Colonel’s sight.
In fact, between the pillows and the duvet, there was really no trace of any human form at all, just mounds of soft white down.
How could he have forgotten? How could he have forgotten how much it means to him just to smell the slight must of the velvet lining the case? The smell of the rosin, the crisp scent of the polished wood rising up to meet him in a fragrant rush of sensory memories, memories of fire lit nights when Sherlock played for Mycroft in a corner of their drafty nursery, rare moments of peace between them that seemed only to come when Sherlock had his violin in hand—memories of colder nights, up on the roof of their vast home, the world spread out at Sherlock’s feet in a tangle of silver-tinted shadows, the cost of slightly frigid fingers worth every moment of blissful solitude he spent, playing to the moon.
"I don't know," John says and there is real sorrow in his voice. "Whenever I can get away."
“Sit up,” he breathed, lifting his mouth back to John’s to issue the command.
Sherlock, who has never liked Emma Gibbons one jot, feels his dislike of her swell rapidly into an inferno of pure hatred.
John settles his arms back around Sherlock, his hands slipping down to rest in the groove of Sherlock’s lower back. “I thought I felt those blue eyes watching me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nothing’s the matter.”
“No. I knew something was wrong. I knew ever since the first encounter with Moriarty that something was wrong, but I wasn’t sure what. That was…” Sherlock paused, smoothing soap down John’s arm. “That was when I knew.”
“I tried to go up and speak with him as soon as I woke up yesterday. Well… not
Now that Sherlock is paying attention he can see that the knuckles on John’s left hand are split. He wonders suddenly just how badly John hurt the other man.
Sherlock had not emerged from his room since they’d gotten home.
John swallowed down his terror. It had a bitter taste.
He is still trying to absorb the fact that John worried enough to come looking for him. Even now that it’s apparent he has been ill for several days, he is not surprised in the least to hear that the other passengers couldn’t be bothered to look in on him. Indeed, he is surprised they noticed his absence at all.
“Billy, is there something…”
“I cannot,” Sherlock says, his fists going white-knuckled where he clutches the railing.
He felt Sherlock’s other hand catch at the back of his neck and tense there above his spine as he swallowed down two more of Sherlock’s fingers and
“We’re leaving. He’s gone, Lestrade. There’s no point going after him.”
Sherlock moans around him, feeling his own cock twitch in response at both the feeling of John against his tongue as well as the memory of what it feels like to be on the receiving end of this particular act, and he knows how good it must feel too, the vibration of any sound he makes, so he hums purposefully as his hands slide around to John’s arse, kneading the muscles there, encouraging John to start moving his hips.
John seems to be shrinking in the presence of Sherlock’s silence; Sherlock hates it. But he hates just as much the idea that John would think that he has anything in common with the likes of George McKinley.
He makes it all the way to his room before he falls.
John claps a protective hand on Stamford’s shoulder. “How dare you blame, Mike? He’s the only trustworthy one among you!”
He looks up at the blue sky, reminds himself that was many years ago now. Now he is here with John on this sunny beach.
“Fine.” He rose from the bed with a flounce. “But don’t complain to me in the morning about your bad night’s sleep.”
John dips his head back in against Sherlock’s cheek. “Would you like to hear it?”
“What on earth is he
Now that his rage has finally begun to cool, Sherlock realizes that what’s left behind is a vast, ugly quantity of fear. Discovering it now is not unlike sifting through the wreckage of a fire once the flames have died down, or peeling back the lacerated skin of a fresh wound to examine the depth of the cut underneath.
“I’m right here.”
His wounded fury at Mycroft had been the reason Sherlock had so violently torn up the note that he now held the remains of in his hand, the note he had received the night before his ship left its berth.
Although they are standing just inside the doorway between the two rooms of the tavern and the people around them are clearly all occupied by drinking and revelry, Sherlock does not want to take the risk of being overheard.
John slides a finger under Sherlock’s chin, ever so gently tipping his head up until their eyes meet.
John lets his head fall to the railing. He presses his face against his forearms and doesn’t move for several moments. He speaks into his arms, his embarrassed voice muffled by the sleeves of his shirt. “Oh, Sherlock, what a fool I’ve been.”
John shifts his arms around Sherlock—he can feel the tension in John’s body that even just the memory of the incident is inciting in him.
A dark look clouds the brightness on Deverall’s face and Sherlock feels his own smile fade as Deverall seems to look inward at something he cannot see.
“Now, of course, it isn’t only up to me. If it so happens that you don’t want my company… so be it. I’ll accept it and move on. That choice is always yours to make. But there is no way—” and here John’s voice becomes a growl, his eyes flickering up to Sherlock’s like twin licks of flame. “—that you get to decide, on
He struggles for a moment to remember John’s question, lost in the sensations John is creating in him.
“Tell me…” Sherlock’s voice was torn apart by lust. “Tell me if it’s alright, or if it’s too—”
Anderson seizes him by the shoulder and spins him around. “You there! Boy! I told you to go aloft with those spunyarns an hour ago. Why haven’t you done it yet?”
John looked over at Sherlock where he was still half-leaning against the wall from where he’d been pushed, LaRoue’s torn jacket dangling from his hands. For one brief moment, their eyes connected.
Sherlock nods, pushes open the door.
Sherlock pulled off and looked up at John, his eyes questioning.
John shut his eyes, pressing his sticky cheek to Sherlock’s shoulder, forcing himself to
“You tried to save me underwater. You told me you could breathe for me, that we could live down there together. But I couldn’t do it. You tried to save me but you couldn’t. We were drowning, John. We were both going to drown.”
For the first time, John reached out and let himself touch Sherlock the way he’d been wanting to touch him half the night.
He won’t let Anderson ruin his joy right now; not when he’s worked so hard to find it. Not when he owes it to John—this moment of brightness, of levity.
Sherlock raises himself up to his full height. The joy from his recent interaction with John is still sparking within him, giving him a sense of assurance he rarely feels in Anderson’s presence.
Sherlock was studying one of the candles beside John’s head. John turned to follow his gaze. The sconce was rattling ever so slightly on its hinges.
He freezes in his hiding place in order to wait for them to pass.
There’s no need to feel awkward, he told himself feebly. You’re just trying to offer Sherlock some comfort.
Oh, and one last thing! I am 99.9% sure at this point that the next chapter will be THE LAST! So prepare yourselves friends. I myself am struggling to come to terms with this fact, but I figure hey, if I get more ideas, I can always write a sequel, right?
Molly is apparently too overcome by this assessment to respond.
So they were lovers once—unbelievably that knowledge still stings.
back against you, mouth opening, offering
As soon as his hands were free, John squared his shoulders and looked Sherlock in the eye.
All he knows is that the experience he just had was overwhelming to say the least, but not bad in any way—good, it was wholly and thoroughly good, and very much to do with John.
“Sorry!” he yelled over his shoulder at her outraged shout.
“What are they doing?” Sherlock gasps.
When he emerged into the dark turmoil of the winter night with the roar of the wind in his ears, he discovered John Watson had already incapacitated half the crew and was well on his way to bringing a fourth man to his knees. He had the man in a headlock and he glanced up as Sherlock appeared, shouting a warning just as someone leapt onto Sherlock from behind and closed an arm around his throat.
John instantly stepped forward and took hold of the hand Sherlock was using to cover his mouth. “Shh. It’s alright. There’s no need to be sorry.” He couldn’t bear for Sherlock to experience one more moment of self-doubt. He squeezed the fingers between his own, mindful of the cuts on the back of Sherlock’s hand. “I started it!”
“Y-yes… except you didn’t kiss my neck…” John moves as if to pull away, but Sherlock reaches back a desperate hand to hold him in place. “No! Don’t stop…”
“Hit me in the mouth.”
It makes Sherlock’s entire body ache with feeling.
“Yes,” Sherlock gasps, lifting his hips up into the pressure of John’s palm. “I was especially attentive to one place in particular.”
There is something like longing in John’s voice.
Sherlock hunches down over his own arms, making his body as small as possible, as though that will somehow lessen the impact of his suffering. He concentrates on the feeling, in the hopes that maybe if he tries hard enough, he can will it away.
John tilts his head, curious, listening intently.
Sherlock is torn between delicately eating each section one by one, and doing what he sees John doing now, which is lifting several segments to his mouth at once, holding them by the skin and sucking the juice from them.
As soon as he hears the sound of the man’s footsteps crossing the deck over his head, Sherlock squirms free of his hiding place, dislodging a whole party of inquiring rats as he goes.
The people in that little annexed room who were not paying attention to the musicians when Sherlock came in now cannot help but turn toward them, some with appreciative cries of joy. They seem to feel the same irresistible pull that Sherlock feels because men and women are setting down their pints and moving to the space in the middle of the floor to begin dancing.
As he drifts off he thinks how strange it is that they should be lying here like this, so tangled up in one another he cannot tell where Sherlock ends and he begins. What does this mean for them in the days ahead?
The corridors of the passenger cabins are almost as busy as the space up on deck as everyone makes the necessary preparations to leave the ship. Miss Gibbons and Miss Long are continuously running between one another’s cabins to compare bonnets and reticules and God knows what else. Sherlock can hear the giddy tempo of their footsteps as they run back and forth, their giggling echoing down the corridor.
“Or I should say, doesn’t like being a patient at hospitals.”
“Recovering from the brink of death.”
“With all due respect sir, why not send Thompson?”
Sherlock’s thoughts of Molly are interrupted by the sight of John lifting the guitar strap from off his neck and offering the instrument back to its owner. However, the guitar’s owner, who apparently does not speak very much English, is gesticulating adamantly with his hands in refusal, pushing the guitar back into John’s hands, pointing at John and then at the guitar, clearly urging him to play another song.
“Piss off.”
Sherlock peers down at the scrap in his hand but the fragment is too small to be of any use in making sense of his brother’s missive.
It occurs to Sherlock all of a sudden to wonder just how much the sailors know about the particular nature of his relationship with John. He thinks back on the glimmer in Burns’ eyes when he and John encountered the other sailors below deck; remembers his meeting with Ironsides Jake the day after the party, the way the grinning sailor had winked at him, the knowing implication behind his question.
“I saw you with that blue-eyed sailor today, Holmes. What were you doing with him?” Anderson leers closer. Sherlock can smell the stink of whiskey on his breath. “Trying to learn a useful profession since your family’s cast you off? You going to join the crew?”
Ms. Grimsby is in the middle of a long tirade, apparently detailing one of her more triumphant moments back in London society.
Sherlock nods, dropping his gaze, unable to keep looking at John like that in front of all these people.
“It’s my fault. All of it!” Sherlock draws an uneven breath. “It’s my fault that Anderson is in charge of your mess. I never should have been with you up on deck. He never would have had cause to punish you if I hadn’t been there. It’s my fault you all have to work double shifts. He’s punishing all of you on my behalf. It’s me he wants to make miserable. You’re all suffering because of me and none of this would have happened if I hadn’t—”
It’s brighter here than it was in the middle of the ship and Sherlock can see John better now, as he begins to pace up and down, the light when it catches his hair, turning it to brilliant gold.
Sherlock feels the smile fade from his lips. The evening certainly hasn’t gone the direction Sherlock thought it would, and in spite of his relief that Lestrade will be all right, he feels a surge of disappointment at the realization that now he and John must part ways.
Billy’s shoulders slump in response and Sherlock suddenly feels stupid for mentioning it.
He decides in that moment that he could never, never tire of watching John like this, the full length of his magnificent cock clenched between his fingers, the muscles in his body lit up gold in the shuddering light of the candles, shifting and becoming more prominent with every movement of his arm.
Sherlock rolls over with a muffled groan, pushing the sheet down off his legs.
“You there—I want this deck clear of cargo before the first dogwatch, is that understood?”
make me feel extraordinary, John. I can’t—I never feel that way with anybody else. But I feel extraordinary when I’m with you.”
Even if he could
Sherlock shakes his head, as John looks at him uncomprehending.
By the time he’d closed his fists in the front of John’s jacket, John had his gun in his hand, the muzzle buried in the other man’s solar plexus.
“I want to see you.”
He presses his face in against John’s neck, muffling his cries in the damp skin of John’s throat, and his cock is still twitching through the aftershocks when he feels John arch up beneath him with a bitten-off cry.
Based on the rate at which Sherlock was devouring his mouth, Sherlock was just as badly off. He only pulled his mouth away so that he could press a kiss to John’s jaw, then to the skin below his ear. The unsteady staccato of Sherlock’s breath was hot against the side of his neck where he pressed another kiss.
Sherlock lies, gasping, pictures the tangled wreck that must be the rigging, the ragged ruin of the sails that surely must hang in tatters from the mainmast—surely, unless the sailors managed to fold the sails in time, and with this thought comes another jab of fear, this time much worse; it cuts right through the heart of Sherlock, leaves him open-mouthed, eyes spread wide in horror.
Ferguson waves a hand in the air by his ear as if batting a fly; he doesn’t turn around.
Without breaking the kiss, Sherlock shifted in his lap, turning and lifting himself until he was fully straddling John’s lap, his thighs on either side of John’s, pushing John back against the chair with the force of his mouth.
“Oh aye, he’ll be along! He was up in the sails, last I seen him. Some bit of business Lieutenant Moore wanted him to attend to before we set off. But I expect he’ll be along shortly.”
Registering the change in Sherlock’s face, John follows his gaze to where Molly stands at the railing.
All the while, John is standing just behind the half-circle of congratulatory men, his arms crossed over his chest, looking at Sherlock like he can’t believe the sight of him, his face lit up with pride, and just when Sherlock thinks his own face can’t possibly get more red, Matthews calls out:
Sherlock feels like he’s going to be sick.
He took the stairs two at a time, pushed open the front door, and without another word, without taking off his coat, disappeared into his bedroom and shut the door.
Re-emerging into the blazing sunlight of the upper deck, Sherlock almost collides with the Colonel when he comes to a sudden halt in front of him and turns to Sherlock with an eager grin, brandishing the pistols in his hands.
“We had to administer a sedative, but I can assure you there’s no need for concern, Mr….?”
John stroked his fingers over Sherlock’s scalp and felt another long exhalation of Sherlock’s breath in the crease of his shoulder, this one slower, slightly easier.
“No, Aunt, you’re wrong. You may be my chaperone on this voyage but you cannot control everything I do. I’m sick and tired of it! Besides, this is absolutely absurd—what difference does a few feet make? We’re all standing on the same deck! And I am not so fragile, or so innocent that I can’t handle seeing a few sailors in their cups. Now, I am going to go over there, and I’m going to enjoy myself, and nothing terrible at all is going to happen! And there’s nothing you can do to stop me!”
“But mostly because of the way they fit you, so snug…” John’s thumbs are dragging over the bulge of Sherlock’s trapped cock, and Sherlock cannot stand it anymore. He presses his hips up into John’s hands, dropping his hands back behind him on the bed with a strangled sound.
“Do you know how I hated myself when I stood and watched you having nightmares? Oh John, do you know how I wanted to go to you?”
He wanted to touch Sherlock too, give something back to him for this, but for the moment all he could think about was having more of Sherlock inside him. He felt half-mad with need.
Sherlock cries out, both hands now clenching desperately in the sheets as he fights with his body not to give into the rising pleasure within him; he doesn’t want it to be over yet—not now that his universe has narrowed to the sensations of John’s warm wet mouth around him, encompassing him, John’s clever tongue curling around the underside of his cock even as his mouth slides further down.
When John suggests they stop to take a rest, Sherlock nearly melts with gratitude. After weeks of relative inactivity aboard the ship, he isn’t used to so much physical exertion and he’s more tired than he likes to admit.
Sherlock gasps at the sensation, made doubly intense by virtue of the fact that his eyes are closed.
“John—please, I need…” He licks his lips, trying to catch his breath.
When he reemerged at the top of the stairs, fully dressed, he could hear Sherlock singing an aria in the front hall, off-key.
Sherlock stopped pacing again, his chest heaving. He rubbed a hand over his mouth, his movements agitated, abrupt. John could feel the force of his anger like heat shimmering off a wall of flame. He steeled himself for the outburst that was about to come.
Sherlock nods, unsmiling. It is imperative to him that he conveys to John how serious he is. “I do.”
Sherlock shudders at the contact and John kisses him, sweetly, on the corner of the mouth, settling Sherlock’s body more firmly against his. “Put your arms around my neck.”
He is surrounded by John on all sides—one of his hands in Sherlock’s hair, the other cradling the corner of his jaw, and this, Sherlock thinks, seared white-hot by the power of his feelings,
John resisted the instinct to pull back the duvet and peek at Sherlock’s sleeping face, whose serious and often grave expression evaporated when he was asleep, transformed into the youthful face of some anonymous sleeping beauty, like those John had seen during his visit to the Kunsthistorisches Museum earlier in the week: nymphs reclining on the banks of the Rhine; pale shepherds bending over streams, their red lips parted in delight, tunics slipping off their shoulders as they stooped to fill their jugs.
Sherlock pushes his shoulders back and lifts his chin, his fury making him reckless.
John is grinding hard into Sherlock now, the steady rhythm of his thrusts already rousing Sherlock’s desire again. Sherlock can feel John shake his head against him, his mouth warm at the base of Sherlock’s throat. “It takes—preparation. It takes time—”
“I brought you a bit of soap too… in case you didn’t have any.”
“Oh really?” John replied, still trying to catch his breath. The feeling of Sherlock’s warm, living body between his legs was making it difficult to concentrate on anything Sherlock was saying.
Sherlock snorts with derision at the utter shortsightedness of this. He understands full well the danger of the situation, what he can’t work out is why no one else seems to take it seriously enough to try and get to the bottom of it.
“Yeah. Yeah, alright. I’ll just go get cleaned up and then… I’ll come join you, shall I?”
“So what do you say, Holmes? Can I count on you to help Watson get everything he needs?”
What seems more and more apparent to Sherlock is that there must be a correlation between the two events—the attempted poisoning and the captain’s obsession with getting to Rio—but what is the connection? What could possibly link the captain’s desire to kill one of his passengers with his need to get to the South American port city on time?
He looks up at Sherlock then and Sherlock can see how wide his pupils have grown, the black swallowing up the blue of his irises until they are nearly invisible.
Molly stares back at him, the panic on her face unmistakable.
“You know I don’t think anyone’s ever used it on a living animal before. Should we try it out and see what happens?”
Sherlock made a disapproving noise. “The creature I was telling you about isn’t made of ice—and it’s not a demon, it’s a shape-shifter. Very different. Really John, weren’t you listening at all?”
Sherlock feels a surge of some painful emotion move through him at the thought and he wraps the clean neck cloth around his throat so he does not have to look at it.
He’s older too—stronger, more in possession of himself—his broad shoulders filling out his uniform in a way that drives most women who see him to distraction. He’s a real
He needs to know; he needs to know how long he will have to wait, to mentally prepare himself for the long, blank stretch of time.
“Please, oh god, please don’t.”
to disguise your face…”
“Just think of it…”
Sherlock is still trying to make his escape, struggling to squeeze his way between two corpulent men engaged in passionate conversation, when a ripple of excitement moves through the crowd. The trio of musicians has struck up a minuet, and Sherlock is relieved to find the crowd dispersing somewhat as couples flock to the floor in partners to begin the dance.
“I see. And which crew member is it that Mr. Anderson believes me to be—to borrow your expression—‘fraternizing’ with?”
“Sherlock! You’re telling me there’s a maniac with a carving knife somewhere in this house and you want to creep off by yourself to find him?”
Sherlock lifts his hips ever so slightly so John can feel the full length of him, where he is straining hard against the soft fabric of his breeches.
They don’t really need the sheet, it’s so hot, but Sherlock likes the idea of them both being under it together, however flimsy a barrier between them and the outside world he will welcome it, and he crawls in gratefully beside John, settling in the crook of his arm, burrowing the long line of his naked body into John’s side without thinking.
John’s answering laugh is the sweetest thing Sherlock has heard in days.
John seems to have the waistcoat well in hand, so Sherlock goes for his breeches, breathing hard, trying not to get distracted by the sizeable bulge he can already see outlined against the fabric.
After all, Sherlock cannot even swim.
“John’s told me quite a lot about you, Mr. Holmes.”
There is such tenderness, such gentle fondness in the way he says the word that Sherlock feels his heart swell in response.
He looks up from the gun and into John’s eyes. The lines in his face are deep, the set of his mouth cruel.  John knew men in the military like this, men who joined for all the worst reasons; before he met James Moriarty they were the most dangerous people John had ever encountered.
She winks at Molly then, before turning back to John.
“I need you, John Watson. I need you.” His grip on John’s hand tightened, his voice catching. “I don’t think you understand…” His breathing was growing increasingly uneven; John felt pressure on the hand that Sherlock was gripping, felt Sherlock shake his head against John’s arm, mirroring his own hopeless, panicked gesture from before. “I still don’t think you know…what you do to me…. what it would do to me if you left.”
“Good!”
eat that plate of eggs.”
Sherlock holds his gaze.
He sits up, his body, stiff and aching.
They’d never done this—
“What are you implying, Lieutenant?”
“Dammit, it’s been
He makes a noncommittal movement with his shoulders.
“Yes, Anderson, so you’ve said.” A third voice, sounding equally exasperated and bored, responds this time. It’s the other officer who’s always hanging round with Deverall. Sherlock cannot think of his name. His mind is sluggish with panic.
But he must decide that Sherlock has nothing that is of interest to him, and perhaps he is as bored as Sherlock is, for after another minute of eying Sherlock where he stands, the other man gives a gruff sort of nod and gestures Sherlock to follow him.
“What’s this, Anderson?”
John pulled Sherlock down against him as he felt the warm rush of Sherlock’s release spill out over Sherlock’s fist onto the skin of his belly, hips hitching up instinctively to bring them closer together, the smear of liquid on the sensitive skin of his cock drawing one last, long shudder from his body.
“I need to conserve my energy, you know; wouldn’t want to wear myself out before the main event.”
It occurred to John in that moment how blind he really had been. The way Sherlock was looking at him now—he’d had the same look in his eyes last night on the ship. It was desire John had seen, and it had been real. He’d been so afraid to believe that Sherlock could feel anything for him that he’d denied the evidence of his own eyes, the evidence that in retrospect couldn’t have been clearer.
Sherlock sits back laughing. “Weren’t you the one who suggested we go swimming?”
, yes, that’s good. That’s very, very good.”
“Don’t be stupid.” Sherlock wasn’t looking at him. He’d started typing again, his fingers flying over the keys. “You saved my life.”
Ms. Grimsby’s sniff as she turns away is all the answer he can hope to get.
It’s the drink he knows, but also the music, which is still glowing somewhere inside him, warming him, filling him with light the same way John does; and he knows that it’s also the magic of him and John making music together. Just thinking back to it, the way John’s voice wound full and rich and golden around the sliding notes of Sherlock’s violin makes his breath come quicker, makes his ribcage feel as though it’s full of fire.
Oh, John’s hips—Sherlock has seen them before, showcased most prominently earlier today—was it really today? How could it be?—when John climbed up out of the ocean, dripping wet, the translucent material of his trousers clinging to the grooves of his slender hips—but now here they are with no fabric to hide them, just the luscious sight of golden skin curving over bone, two grooved shadows pointing toward what Sherlock cannot believe he is about to see. His mouth is actually watering, although he does not understand why.
Sherlock closes the door behind her, just as it occurs to him that inviting an unattended young lady into his room without her chaperone is certainly a violation of
“Yes, there was quite a to-do going on up on the quarterdeck. I steered well clear of it.” Colonel Jackson glances meaningfully at the open door to the dining room, before leaning a bit closer to the other diners and lowering his voice. “To make matters worse, our dear Captain Roberts seems to be in one of his tempers this morning.”
Lestrade’s eyes searched Sherlock’s for several moments longer and then he let out a sigh, shoulders slumping. “Fine. Fine. But I may have to bring you in for questioning.”
“I haven’t much time, sir.”
Thank god for high-collars and cravats.
Sherlock nearly gasps in relief as John reaches out to take his hand and pull him away from the clamor of eager sailors.
Sherlock shakes his head between John’s hands. “You don’t.”
“Yes,” Sherlock gasps, breathless, lifting his arms to make it easier for John.
Sherlock drops his head again, suddenly ashamed of his feelings of wounded betrayal.
He remembered his shock when Sherlock had run forward as soon as Moriarty left, the urgency with which he’d ripped the vest from John’s shoulders and thrown it away, how unhinged he’d seemed, rubbing his head with the hand still holding the loaded gun—how fragile.
“In my case, the dose was administered intramuscularly into the deltoid muscle of my arm. The first dose had no effect. They had to hold me down to give me the second.”
“Thank you, Billy.” He moves towards the door. “As usual, I am at a loss for how to repay you for all you’ve done.”
At the time, Sherlock had been so lost in his own misery that he hadn’t given the matter a second thought but now, Sherlock wonders at his brother’s urgency. Surely, the contents of the letter were important if Mycroft had secured a tavern boy to deliver the letter who had insisted that Sherlock prove himself.
“Good,” John purrs in low satisfaction, one hand coming up to hold Sherlock’s face, his thumb smoothing at the hollow of Sherlock’s cheek. “That’s very good.”
Light exploded behind his eyes and he was distantly aware of his own sharp cry as his body collapsed down onto Sherlock, thrusting deep into Sherlock as he came, feeling the warmth of his release pulsing out in hot bursts from his cock.
“The one on your shoulder it—is that the wound that took you out of commission?”
“Why, you beautiful, wicked thing…”
“It was a friend of Sally’s that told me about this place. It’s a kind of well-kept local secret. Lucky for you, I know the right people to talk to.”
John grinned. “Good. I just wanted to make sure.”
His father’s study became a space to store his fungi, dark roots breaking up through the floorboards to reveal the rich soil underneath, vines growing up to twine around his father’s desk, erupting from the chimney and crawling up the ceiling to make a dense latticework of leaves that broke the plaster overhead.
A better person might tell Molly that she’s wrong, that there’s reason yet to keep on hoping, that her circumstances might change for the better, the doors of the cage may open up again, but Sherlock is not that person. What good would it do to lie to her now? It would be an insult to her intelligence to feign to placate her in this manner.
He sits up, disoriented, rubbing the sleep from his eyes, his mind full of blue light, body tingling from the feelings in the dream. He briefly considers trying to go back to sleep.
The pressure of Sherlock’s body weight means that with a simple roll of his hips he can create the most delicious friction.
“You know perfectly well that I know you can give me anything you bloody well want, whenever you bloody well please. I want their files.”
“Very well, sir. Very well indeed.”
John staggers the two steps backwards until his shoulders hit the doorframe, and Sherlock shuffles forward on his knees to follow him, hands never leaving John’s hips.
Here Sherlock’s mind resists.
Sherlock reached down, and pulled the duvet up over them both.
Sherlock takes this evaluation to heart.
“Thought you were meant to be workin’ the pumps until eight bells.”
This new onslaught of tears makes Sherlock feel more stiff and panicked than ever. Crying women have always made him distinctly uncomfortable but there’s an added degree of unpleasantness to the experience due to the fact that Molly is someone he genuinely cares about. Seeing her so openly unhappy makes concern creep in among the feelings of discomfort and panic.
And then John pulls another miracle from his bag, this time, one Sherlock is familiar with.
“Kidding, I’m kidding. Don’t look like that. Actually it’s kind of sexy when you pout. God help me.”
Sherlock feels a sliver of icy fear lodge itself somewhere deep in his belly.
But before he can protest, Sherlock bends down, pushing John’s shirt up out of the way, and in one silent movement, he takes John into his mouth.
John’s puzzlement is now writ clear across his face. His eyes flicker to Sherlock in confusion, so Sherlock leans in until his mouth is almost touching John’s ear.
John slips a finger under Sherlock’s chin, lifting Sherlock’s gaze to his, his mouth curling into a smile.
ETA: Please, please, please do yourself a favor and go look at the
The pain is unbelievable. John’s scream is like a live thing clawing its way out of his chest.
“Well, look what the cat dragged in.”
“John,” Sherlock says again, his lips brushing John’s neck as he speaks, sliding up to press a kiss to John’s ear.
Sherlock can already feel the blood filling his cock, the press of John’s fingers making his rising desire increase sharply, and the temptation to lower his weight fully into John’s lap and thrust into the growing line of John’s erection is great, but he remains kneeling above John, so he can continue to lavish attention on John with his mouth.
“You did well to trust Deverall. He’s a decent chap. He has Lestrade’s best interests at heart, that’s for sure. And I can’t imagine he would do anything to put Molly in danger.”
“I’m so angry I almost did something really stupid, almost put everything at risk.”
The effect on John is immediate. He groans, eyes fluttering shut.
He’d been so good at putting Sherlock out of his mind when he had been away with Sarah. Okay, maybe that was a lie, but he hadn’t
He could scarcely believe the sight before his eyes—Sherlock crouched naked between his thighs, dark head bent in concentration over his fingers, half his lean torso drenched in firelight, the other half cloaked in shadow. He looked like a study in ebony and gold—the light pouring over the bones in his lovely frame like warm honey, rendering everything about him slow and sensual, soft and hard all at once.
“How long have you been working on ships like this?”
He’s grateful again for the dark because it means he can hide some of his self-consciousness; but it also means he can’t quite decipher the look on John’s face.
“Has he been drinking?”
After what feels like an eternity, but is probably only a few minutes, they hear the sound of voices and then a few more sailors climb down the ladder, followed not long after by Lieutenant Lestrade.
In spite of the darkness, the air feels hot and close—it’s as if the sun is lurking somewhere just out of sight, as though it never left the sky, unwilling to give up its reign to the presence of the moon.
But the force of John’s gentle curiosity proves too much for him to resist.
His voice, when he finally finds it, is a rasp of desperation. “Never,” he grates out, his fingers moving up to clutch at Sherlock’s hair. “
“Sherlock?”
Cheeks still hot with rage, Sherlock drops his head and makes his way toward the gangway at the back of the ship.
. It’s as though there is a direct connection between their two cocks, forged by the presence of Sherlock’s mouth, so that every slide, every caress of his lips on John’s cock reverberates through his own, making his cock swell and twitch despite the fact that he hasn’t even touched it yet.
Sherlock and his quarry turned a corner and John cursed as they vanished from sight. He was going to have some strong words with Sherlock when they got out of this mess. Never give chase when you have no backup. Wait for your partner before throwing yourself down narrow alleyways with no cover. John put on a burst of speed as visions of Sherlock, doubled over and bleeding from a fatal gunshot wound, flashed before his eyes.
He does not mean to sound quite so unhinged, but he does not know how else to convey how miserably the word ‘like’ fails to capture the magnitude of everything he is feeling.
Unfortunately, the suspect was fast. John was impressed by Sherlock’s ability to keep up after all of four hours of sleep in four days, but he was worried about how long he would last.
The darkness around them is absolute. Even so, Sherlock can feel that the space they are in is cavernous. Now that his eyes are beginning to adjust to the dim light, he can make out huge hulking shapes in the darkness.
“My dear Doctor Watson,” Sherlock crooned with mock disapproval in his voice. “How could you let this happen? In a public place, no less? How very…
“It’s not my threats you should be worried about, you halfwit!”
“He’s a very skilled foretopman.” There is another weighted pause before the captain goes on speaking. “He’s skilled in other regards as well, I’ve heard.”
The other factor working in the man’s favor, of course, is that he is the captain of the ship; to accuse him of any crime, however small, is akin to treason, and that, as Sherlock knows all too well, is a hanging offense.
It’s only because of John’s reaction that Sherlock notices for the first time that the reason for the strangeness in John’s posture is because of the stiff way he is holding his arms, as though to keep them away from his body.
Before he pulls the door shut, Sherlock adds: “I won’t forget about your musical aspirations.”
Sherlock swallows hard, finds his throat suddenly dry and aching.
The two men share a conspiratorial chuckle as they move off through the crowd.
Sherlock nods again, even if he can’t suppress the pang of sorrow he feels at John moving away from him.
“What sort of business do you specialize in?”
“What do you think…” John looks at him with a sudden grin. “Shall we race?”
Much as he likes all of John’s messmates—and he does feel more comfortable around them now, it’s true—he’s not exactly thrilled at the prospect of sitting alone with them and drinking until John comes back. Especially if he’s risen in the rank of their affections to where good-natured teasing is the highest form of camaraderie.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I don’t… I don’t know any off the top of my head.”
Sherlock can hear Lestrade’s answer as clearly as if he was standing on the upper deck.
But then all words left him, and he was coming, harder than he ever had, his body shuddering in Sherlock’s arms, shaking in the water between them, Sherlock pulling him close, drawing John tighter to him with his legs around his back.
“Let me by, Sherlock.”
John looks broken.
He thinks about asking John what he means exactly, whether he’s sure that’s what he wants, but Sherlock knows
The memory of what they did together yesterday in the forecastle comes back to Sherlock now like a slap in the face.
,” he breathed, his eyes glowing like embers through the darkness. “Oh, how
John’s low voice is a ribbon of heat between them. “Remember we don’t have to do this. We can do whatever you like, and if that’s nothing at all—”
Partway down the corridor, John slows his steps until he is abreast of Sherlock. He bumps his shoulder gently into Sherlock’s.
“Forgive me,” John says, and then he’s rolling off of Sherlock, pushing the heels of his hands in against his eyes to wipe his tears away.
Sherlock’s eyes were flickering over the contours of John’s face, as if the way John was looking at him held the answers to his questions.
Sherlock can feel a blush climbing his cheeks in response—he still does not understand how he is capable of producing this reaction in John.
He answers John before he can finish the sentence.
John rakes his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, fingernails scraping lightly against Sherlock’s scalp and for a moment Sherlock lets his head drop back into the touch, lets his eyes fall closed—and then John takes two fistfuls of Sherlock’s hair and
“What is it?”
.” Sherlock’s breath left him in a rush.
“We are
There are far more people on deck than Sherlock anticipated.
Then again, worrying about the time already gone will only make the remaining time go faster, so Sherlock tries to put it out of his mind and directs his attention instead to the sights around them.
“Yeah,” John panted into Sherlock’s mouth. “Yeah, there is actually. I need you to—”
Sherlock’s hands fist helplessly again in the front of John’s shirt. He begins to rock his hips in time with the movement of John’s sliding palm and
. “John, there’s something I want—”
“Of course you don't, how could you? You close your eyes, and it’s as if the entire world disappears around you. It's the same expression you had on your face yesterday morning when you were eating that plate of eggs—the way you experience things, John, you savor them. I can tell how much just by watching your face. I love to watch you savoring things, but this—this, I knew would be the most erotic of all."
They’d discussed their plan on the cab ride over. Sherlock was headed for Tilly Brigg’s office to get copies of the insurance claims. John was to keep a lookout for Tim Briggs. Sherlock had obsessively grilled John on his stature and eye color, as he would also be masked—that is, if he was bold enough to appear at the party. There was a chance he might be skulking somewhere out of sight. Whichever of them obtained their goal first was to contact the other.
At the sound of those words, the rough, uneven pitch of his voice—like a man walking on a wire suspended over dark water, only managing to stay upright by the sheer strength of his will—Sherlock feels his stomach flip dramatically with arousal, as if the ship has taken a sudden plunge through the waves.
He knows in that moment, in a way he cannot explain, that he needs to go to John. He cannot leave him alone in this state. Somehow, Sherlock knows, in some intuitive way that the members of John’s mess will not be able to help. It needs to be him.
Sherlock takes a step backwards, positioning himself by the wall at the foot of his bed, so that he’s not explicitly shielding the case from view with his body, but he’s at least near it in the event that Anderson tries to move it.
John landed hard on his backside, bruised and winded, looking up to see the hulking figure of his assailant stepping through the hole he had made.
John must be thinking the same thing because he rises to his feet, his tone suddenly business-like.
Sherlock’s gaze sharpened. “What is it?”
There is a long uncomfortable silence in which Sherlock knows he should keep talking but he can’t seem to bring himself to relate the final detail.
that?” Miss Hooper whispers to him in a breathless undertone as soon as the old lady is out of earshot.
Glancing over at him now, Sherlock can see from one look at him that he’s been run ragged since the moment they came within view of the shore early this morning. Being on the absolute bottom of the pecking order on a day like today has clearly taken its toll on him.
He wants to be there when the news is announced that Anderson has been stripped of his position; after the price he paid for this small victory he’s determined to be there to witness it.
He could taste Sherlock’s shocked delight, could feel his wonder in the way his tongue moved against John’s, could hear it in the heartbroken little sound he made in the base of his throat when John moved against him.
It was both incredibly intimate and intensely erotic. The area around the cut felt charged. The sudden need to feel Sherlock’s mouth against him, over every inch of him, was so intense and overpowering he felt lightheaded.
“This is the last part of the tour,” John says, turning away to gesture to the dark space they’ve entered. “Welcome to the orlop deck.”
The next eight hours are difficult.
Sherlock groaned as if in frustration but John felt Sherlock shudder against him. He pressed his forehead to John’s shoulder, scooting closer, tightening his arms around John’s waist.
It never ceased to amaze John how quickly Sherlock could unfasten buttons—
“Hip hip!”
against him. He feels all over again that he is being treated like a silly child.
“Yes, that’s lovely,” John murmurs as he pulls the strip of cloth free, baring Sherlock’s throat. “Oh god, yes.”
The food was ready not long after, and John set one steaming mug and plate in front of Sherlock who reached gratefully for the tea, his eyes on John as he brought the mug to his lips.
Sherlock’s breathing was as unsteady as his own, the look in his eyes equally blown apart, except darker, hungrier, the blue of his irises devoured by his pupils. His hands were still cupping John’s face, his thumbs resting by the hinge of John’s jaw. He was like a living contradiction—the way he was holding John’s face so gently between his hands, like he was trying to protect him, combined with the starved, desperate look in his eyes—it took John’s breath away.
“The other men aren’t as rough as they look. They’re actually quite friendly.” John continues, his voice gentler than ever. “I think they’d like you.”
Now that John wasn’t fighting desperately to save Sherlock’s life he could see that the room they were in was nothing more than a carpeted hallway with another door at the far end leading down to the lower decks.
“So shall I sleep in here tonight?”
“What I said before—I meant it. If anyone on this ship tries to hurt you—anyone at all—I will not hesitate to kill them.” John slides two fingers under Sherlock’s chin, the delicacy of his touch so at odds with the steel in his voice. It sends a shiver down Sherlock’s spine. John’s rage probably shouldn’t have this effect on him. It does things to Sherlock when John looks at him like that. “Do you understand? You have my protection, no matter what happens.”
Sherlock; and worse than that, he doesn’t like other people. But he doesn’t have the heart to correct him, doesn’t want John to know how cold and strange he really is.
John licks his lips, his eyes flickering up to catch hold of Sherlock’s. His eyelids are heavy over his eyes, his lashes lustrous in the hazy light of the guttering candle. Somehow he manages to find his voice. It’s heavy and thick, as affecting as the feel of John’s cock under Sherlock’s fingers. “Sherlock, you don’t have to—”
John sighed and began feeling his way back toward the living room. Truly, he was more to blame than Sherlock for this. He’d known Sherlock wouldn’t have bothered with bills that came when he was gone, even ones that were marked Final Notice. He should have made sure to pay it before he left.
But it’s more than gold, it’s something brighter at the heart of John, as though he’s made of light itself, and now it’s pouring out of him, heating Sherlock’s hands and thighs, his arse where John is holding him.
John sketches a mock-bow, which earns him several wolf-whistles, before bringing his heels sharply together and standing military-proud, chin lifted attentively in Sherlock’s direction.
Sherlock stares at John in wonder, realizing yet another thing about John Watson that is impossibly beautiful.
“You don’t need my forgiveness, John.” Sherlock swallows hard around the sudden pain in his throat. “I’m the one who should be apologizing to you.”
John could feel the tremors of Sherlock’s body in his hand and he knew he was one stroke away from coming. His own cock was near to bursting, pressed against Sherlock’s inner thigh. He held himself utterly still, the only sound in the room the ragged sound of Sherlock’s breathing.
He couldn’t stay, not now. Not when all he was to Sherlock was a potential risk, just another body to be kidnapped, tortured, a body that he’d have to rescue again when the time came, another detail distracting him from the work.
Sherlock can scarcely get the door closed behind him his hands are so numb with relief.
Sherlock feels his breath come short again.
Sherlock waves away the threats, unconcerned. He’s gotten what he came for, and the boy has no power over him.
Sherlock straightened up, and then crawled over to the end of the bed.
She looks up at Sherlock, eyes shining, in some combination of excitement and fear.
“How long you been onboard the
There was a trough running the length of it to drain the blood and beside it stood a low table covered in a variety of different sized knives, many of which had long, curved blades, others that were short and squat, some of which were clearly intended for skinning and filleting, others for breaking bone.
John’s hands have slid down to his shoulders and are trying to pull Sherlock back up against him. “You don’t have to keep going. You can stop, if it’s too much…”
He stands completely still for several seconds, heart pounding in sudden distress. That he could have forgotten about the incident so completely fills him with shame.
He was very aware of how close his mouth was to Sherlock’s neck. The desire to lean in and press his lips against the soft skin was overwhelming. He heard a buzz against Sherlock’s hip and felt him shift under John to pull out his phone with one hand. Sherlock began typing out a response with his left hand but his right hand didn’t move from John’s thigh.
Sherlock looked up at him, incredulous. “Are you really asking me that?”
John still looks uncertain, and Sherlock knows it’s because he wants to do what’s best for Sherlock. He knows that John is offering for his sake, because even if John’s voice is carefully neutral, Sherlock is all too aware of the tension in John’s body that communicates to him more clearly than words how badly he wants to walk out of this tavern with Sherlock on his arm.
Deverall, finally, lowers his hand.
It was the first funeral he’d ever attended.
John’s hands are still so gentle on his face; but it only makes Sherlock feel worse because he doesn’t deserve John’s tenderness, the understanding in his eyes; he doesn’t
He didn’t realize how much the ship’s schedule has begun to affect the way he thinks about time but clearly it has. He wonders if John is as distressed by the time as he is; John, for whom the passing of time has for years been carved up into four-hour units. Perhaps it seems like an eternity to him.
Sherlock doesn’t give him the satisfaction of responding.
“Poppycock.”
John’s mouth was actually watering with the desire to take Sherlock’s cock between his lips, to feel the heaviness of all that hard hot flesh against his tongue, pushing at the back of his throat, but now that he’d started this he wasn’t going to be the one to give in first. It was good for Sherlock to have his boundaries tested, to have the tables turned on him for once, for John to be the one calling the shots.
The structure was based on the layout of the Holmes’ estate, which Sherlock could easily walk through in his mind with his eyes closed. He started out by grouping certain types of memories in particular rooms, organizing them by a complicated schema of logic that made sense only to him. Over the years as he continued to add to it, Sherlock modified the structure in his head—gutted rooms that he’d never liked, replacing their interiors with objects that were important to him.
Sally turns to Molly, reaching to shake her hand as well. She pauses before she does, looking Molly up and down and making a small sound of appreciation.
Curious, he draws closer and leans over the railing to see what the commotion is about. Down in the water a large makeshift pool of white canvas has been strung up alongside the ship, and to his astonishment, Sherlock sees men swimming in it, splashing and laughing.
Sherlock’s voice, when he spoke again, was harsh.
John bends to set the bucket right ways up and then pauses, seems to notice something under the bed.
“Oh my god,” Sherlock said again, his voice utterly wrecked. It seemed it was the only thing he could manage to say. He sounded turned inside out.
“Thank you, Dr. Watson, that’s just what I needed to hear. Unfortunately, I don’t believe you. I find most people are reluctant to tell the truth unless pain is involved. In order to be quite certain I think a little pain wouldn’t go amiss. Fraser?”
Again, Sherlock wants to voice his protest. It was
Some soft and cool emotion is flowing through him, filling up the emptiness inside him, making his insides feel less hollow. It isn’t quite relief but it’s calming all the same.
If you'd like to know what I've been listening to while I write this angst festival on the high seas, check out
“Up to bed we then did creep, oh!”
“John…”
Sherlock drops his shoulders, unclenches both his fists.
Lestrade is interrupted once again by a boisterous cheer, and for the first time looks genuinely irritated as he holds up his hand.
Sherlock’s heart sinks, and he fights down a wave of sorrow; internally shaking himself. He needs to focus on the task at hand.
Sherlock nods up at him, swallowing down his worries. This is about John—giving him what he needs, and it’s never been clearer than it is in this moment how badly John needs him to keep going.
He felt a rush of movement at his back and then Sherlock was placing his hands on John’s waist, clearly disturbed, his voice filled with concern.
—that alone, would be enough to push him over the edge.
“How can you possibly feel responsible for any of this?
The thought of it alone would be enough to blow the last of Sherlock’s self-restraint to bits—so obscene! John’s mouth!
Sarah had mentioned she was going to visit a friend in New Zealand for two weeks, and had half-jokingly suggested John come along. Initially, he had refused. Things with Sarah were shaky at best and going on a holiday with someone halfway around the world was usually the sort of trip reserved for couples in committed relationships. Under regular circumstances John would never go on a trip with someone who he’d only so recently started dating, but by the time John had finished getting dressed and was heading out the door to work, he’d made up his mind. After that business with Sherlock in the hallway, he didn’t care what the excuse was; he needed to get away.
“A case I solved while you were away. A man with quite a lot of property in the south of France was very grateful.”
Special thanks as always to my steadfast beta,
He tries to lie still, to focus on his memories of John, but his mind this evening is undisciplined. It’s restless, roving out beyond his control, his thoughts un-policed, leaping in a thousand panicked directions.
Panic hovers at the edge of Sherlock’s excitement. He’s going to disappoint them. Of course, he doesn’t know any of the songs they know and love. He’s on the verge of convincing himself that coming up here was a terrible mistake when John’s voice cuts through the din of chatter. “Just play us whatever you know. Doesn’t matter what.”
Already it has been too long. His lungs are tightening, his field of vision shrinking as he fights for breath.
“That’s right.” She nods, her face trembling briefly into a smile before reassuming its habitual nervous look. “I… I know we’ve never spoken before but… I just wanted to come over and tell you that I saw what you did earlier today… for the boy, Billy. They treat him abysmally. It makes me sick to see it. I always want to intervene but I never quite know how to help. When I saw what you did today, that was—”
“Sher—Sherlock…”
Sherlock made a low, desperate sound, and tugged John against him until they were lying face-to-face, Sherlock’s calf hooked over the backs of John’s knees.
And then Sherlock’s cheeks are warm with pleasure because John has never called him his
And then John’s warm, wet mouth is opening against his neck, licking and sucking, the sharp nip of his teeth drawing the sensation out of Sherlock like nectar from a flower.
John was done with pretending he didn’t want this. He didn’t care if it was inappropriately timed. He wanted Sherlock, possibly more than he’d ever wanted him, and he knew Sherlock wanted him just as badly. Maybe it was unconventional to crave sex immediately after a near fatal run-in with a criminal mastermind, but John didn’t care.
As much as John had wanted to believe that Sherlock was committed to him, in his day-to-day interactions with Sherlock, he’d had his doubts. However, the look on Sherlock’s face when he saw John by the pool, the sheer horror when he realized what had happened—there was no mistaking that look. John knew in that moment, Sherlock would do anything to save his life.
And for absolutely no discernible reason whatsoever, Sherlock feels confident that they’re going to have the chance to see each other in Rio. They just have to.
There were several seconds of silence filled only with the sounds of Sherlock’s typing.
unchaperoned, much less a wharf-side tavern crowded with sailors indulging in all manner of vices.
Can he trust Deverall with Molly’s secret?
“No harm is going to come to you while you are onboard this ship. Do you hear me? While I am still alive to draw breath, they will not dare touch a single hair on your head, is that understood? They will not hurt you. I will not allow it.”
Mycroft, of course, is a virtuoso at any instrument he touches. He plays several instruments beautifully but he doesn’t
Or perhaps apprehended.
John’s voice is hoarse, and it strikes Sherlock as he hears it how quiet John has been. It’s only now, hearing him speak, that Sherlock realizes how unusual it is. Usually he keeps up a steady stream of praise, of encouragement; it isn’t like him to be so silent, and the realization makes Sherlock’s heart constrict sharply in his chest.
When Sherlock leaves the dining room to return to his cabin, the sun is just beginning to make its slow descent toward the horizon.
At the change in John’s voice, Sherlock feels heat burst open in his chest. He can feel his arousal now, beating in him like a pulse.
Sighing, he stretches himself out on his bunk with his hands behind his head.
John tried to call out to Sherlock and tell him to slow down, but he couldn’t get the words out. When he opened his mouth, smoke streamed out.
The man is severely middle class, likely worked as a… clerk, judging by the arthritic bulge of his knuckles, what looks to be semi-permanent ink stains on his gnarled hands. His clothing is worn, his gaze sharp. He’s a clever one; that much is certain.
Sherlock is careful to the close the door behind him, his movements slow and cautious. He may be desperate to find out what has happened to John but he has enough of his wits still about him to know that he does not want to be caught before he has discovered anything.
John couldn’t help kissing him again. This time the kiss was slow, lingering, hinting at things that were to come. John pulled back, breathless. “I hope you’ll tell me about it someday. But for now… I think that curry might be getting cold.”
“Our previous captain fell ill just before we set sail. We did not know who would be commanding the vessel until the morning we left the harbor.”
“He was just in here—I know he was! I heard them!”
“I want their names. Moriarty’s operatives. And their files, as quick as you can get them for me.”
At John’s words, Sherlock’s eyes flicker back up to John’s face, and he feels a burst of pure feeling erupt in his chest at what he sees there. John’s expression is both fierce and tender at once. The sight of it makes the throbbing ache in Sherlock’s chest triple in size, and swell until he can feel it closing up the back of his throat.
True to his word, John finds Sherlock the next day in the early afternoon, lurking by the main mast, watching a group of men roll up the sails. The more he pays attention to the work done by the crew, the more Sherlock is fascinated by the intricacy, the efficiency with which the ship is run. What he fails to understand draws his attention all the more, and there are so many details of the running of the ship that he is still trying to work out.
A voice of assent calls out from the crowd. “Go on, John! Just one more.”
“He was in the kitchen. I tried to catch him off guard… got a couple of blows in but… he was… big. Knocked me through the kitchen door.”
The kiss is somehow desperate, reverent, and grateful all at once.
John curled his finger, searching for the small protrusion that would tell him he had found Sherlock’s prostate. The sound Sherlock made when he brushed up against it was shattering.
It’s clear that there’s a boat that’s just pulled up alongside the ship, but just who, or what is on the boat, Sherlock has not yet gathered.
He reaches for John’s hand instinctively, needing to show John in some visceral way that he means it; because John is right—hearing this music
This second statement is less certain—more dangerous to believe.
“I think that may have been the best thing I’ve ever eaten.”
“That ruddy boy was in my room this morning!”
“No, it isn’t!” Sherlock pushed himself off of John’s chest to look down at him, eyes blazing. “John—”
Sherlock clenches the fine white gold strands between his fingers and sighs. It feels like spun silk.
“I’ve got to go,” John breathes, squeezing Sherlock’s fingers hard between his own.
“Don’t ask me to explain it,” John says, his own voice just above a whisper. “Because I can’t. I truly can’t. But there it is.”
“Oh…” Sherlock looks down, sees the spatter of dried blood and hastily covers it with his other hand. “I may have… that is, there was a bit of an incident on the way here. Someone I encountered was trying to detain me and had to be… dealt with.”
Sherlock does not sleep again after his dream.
The blade wasn’t moving. Moriarty’s hand had stilled. John could feel his pulse beating under the cruel curve of the metal.
He is determined to get well again as soon as possible, and when Sherlock is determined about something, rest assured, he will accomplish it, and he will accomplish it quickly.
Seeing as Sherlock’s mouth was occupied, John figured it was his turn to do the talking.
Sherlock looks back at her in surprise.
It isn’t until Colonel Jackson turns to walk away that Mr. Graves plays his trump card.
Without looking at him, John could feel Sherlock’s stiffness beside him transforming into raw, unmitigated rage. John could feel it coming off him like a pulse, gathering charge, vibrating like the energy in the atmosphere before a tropical storm.
“Alright?” John asks, crouching low, his voice all gravel—all sex—that forelock of white-blonde hair hanging down into his eyes—and all Sherlock can do is nod mutely, biting back the whimper that’s threatening to break free from his throat at the sight of John like this before him, his hands at the two most vulnerable points of Sherlock’s body.
“How on earth did you know his son’s age?”
Sherlock can feel John’s chuckle in response, low in his throat, his voice just that much more breathless than it was before. “You say that every time.”
“John. John, look at me.”
Sherlock and John exchange a glance.
John swallowed the last of the champagne in his glass before lifting himself up out of his chair and following Sherlock out onto the balcony.
“I only wish I could have written more, done more…” The sorrow in his voice cuts at Sherlock. “But that was all I had time for.”
John pulled Sherlock’s pajamas the rest of the way down his legs and threw them aside. Then he pushed gently on Sherlock’s chest to get him to lean back, and settled himself between Sherlock’s thighs. He risked a quick glance up at Sherlock to appreciate this rare moment of submission—Sherlock was leaning obediently back on his hands, the pale skin of his throat flushed with arousal, looking up at John through lowered lashes.
“Look at me, John.”
“I feel much more inclined to forgive you now for this week,” John continued magnanimously. “I might even be able to forgive you for the bed sheets.”
“Alright, hurry now. I don’t want you two to lose your places.”
Anderson yanks viciously on Sherlock’s jacket, dragging him up the wall, further restricting Sherlock’s ability to breathe, and for the first time Sherlock feels a flood of true panic overtake him. He’s going to have to drop his violin.
“John! Wake up! I’ve got it. I found the evidence we need! We’ve got our warrant!”
John took it and set it on the breakfast tray next to him.
His vision is hazy but he can see the corners of a concrete room—old factory. He’s seated in a chair, hands cuffed behind him. Across from him an enormous window offers a view of grey water; several of the panes are missing, hence the sound and stench of river rushing in.
“Sherlock?” John pulled his hand out from between Sherlock’s motionless ones, and reached up to cup his face. “Love?”
John’s fingers slide back up Sherlock’s neck in answer, turning Sherlock’s mouth to his with gentle pressure so that he can lick into Sherlock’s mouth with deep, wet strokes.
Sherlock drew back slightly. John could see the expression on his face was close to anguish. “Will you touch me?”
He flexes the fingers of his left hand, squares his shoulders and walks through the door.
It’s then, that Sherlock remembers, in a throb of panic, the notes tucked into his waistcoat pocket—his notes from John. If Ferguson finds them…
Moran takes several steps until all John can see are his expensive polished shoes. He crouches down, makes a sign to Fraser who positions himself behind John, grabbing the elbow of his dislocated arm.
“Sherlock, listen to me. It wasn’t—”
The experience is so overpowering it’s all he can do to keep from falling to his knees in the sand.
, and whimpers sharply.
He drops his eyes, and yes, Sherlock can see it now, he’s distinctly discomfited—there’s the faintest trace of color rising in his face.
, John. They bleed and they sweat and they stink, and make a mess of things, which is why I generally prefer not to get involved. But in this instance, for you,
“What’s this?” John breathes, pulling Sherlock’s fingers towards him, cradling them gently between both his hands, uncurling Sherlock’s fingers one by one to study the length of them.
Over Moriarty’s shoulder, John saw Sherlock in the doorway, gun in both hands, the black wings of his coat still settling around him. John blinked and the image of Sherlock smeared, began to run like water through ink.
“Well, let’s see… I’d say it was about a year later… maybe a little more. I couldn’t believe the change in John when I saw him. It seemed as though it had been much longer.”
He’s just given up all hope of ever feeling clean again when a knock sounds at his door.
John leans a little closer in the darkness and all Sherlock can think about is his dream, John’s lips against his hairline, the feel of John’s mouth on his throat.
Sherlock’s dismay must be evident on his face because John’s hand is rubbing his arm in gentle concern.
His eyes were like two wells of pain. He was looking straight at John but John could tell Sherlock wasn’t seeing him.
It’s a strange feeling. He can’t quite get used to it.
Then he turns to look back at Sherlock over his shoulder.
The sounds John is making are sweeter than any music—a continual chorus of low moans in tandem with the movement of his rocking hips, through which are threaded fragments of Sherlock’s name.
The dream had been so vivid. He still cannot shake the feeling of it, as though someone is standing just beyond the corner of his vision but when he turns his eyes to look he finds nothing there.
There is a moment’s hesitation and then he takes it, wordlessly, his expression shifting to one of gratitude as he begins to dab at his swollen lip.
“You won’t.” Sherlock whispers. “You can touch me. I won’t break.”
John’s hands slide down to grasp at the curves of Sherlock’s arse, encouraging him, and Sherlock finally lets go. He begins to rock his hips in short, sharp bursts—the warm, wet, friction of this movement causing a chorus of small, desperate, moaning sounds to pour out of him unbidden as he loses himself in the feeling of John all around him, the bliss of John’s mouth, his lips, his tongue—against his cock.
There is a bit more space at this end of the table now that Molly has left; MacTavish also vacated his seat not long after in pursuit of “the more refined pleasures that this fine establishment has to offer,” which Sherlock took to mean one of the women walking around the tavern half-clothed.
Sherlock nods. His mind feels slightly numb at the edges, still sizzling. The colors have receded but the memory of them lingers: pale ghosts behind Sherlock’s eyes.
The beetle-browed man—Knott is his name, Sherlock recalls—leans forward in his chair, his expression deadly serious. “You heard what I told Bailey. I’d watch what you say, Ferguson. Especially at the Captain’s table.”
Briggs set the edge of his blade against Sherlock’s exposed throat. Sherlock stiffened.
The ship was small for a cruise ship, but big enough to make quite a statement, docked at the edge of the dark water with all its decks lit up like a birthday cake.
Sherlock looks up at it now and sees that the first few stars are beginning to emerge.
“Good,” John says, grinning now. “Come on then. We’ve a ways to go.”
They lay like that in John's cold room, wrapped around each other, until John's limbs grew stiff and he realized that he was starting to tremble not from exhaustion but from the cold air still seeping in through his shattered window.
Sherlock nods. The shadows make it so that it is difficult to see the Lieutenant’s face, but even through the darkness he can see that his eyes are ringed with circles, his skin is pale and wan.
John bows low over his hand, and when he lifts his eyes to Sherlock’s again, the smile on his lips has been replaced by a serious expression.
This haze of first light has not yet filtered down through the ship to reach Sherlock’s cabin but there is a different quality to the darkness at this hour—the shadows are paler, less substantial—and if you look carefully through the dark, if you let your eyes adjust, you will realize that you can just make out the edges of things.
Sherlock has seen him on deck before. He’s by no means the youngest of the midshipmen; in fact, he seems to be about Sherlock’s own age. If Sherlock had to guess, he would put him at seventeen, maybe sixteen. He’s a good sailor, Sherlock knows, talented in the rigging, even-tempered, generally well liked. He seems to get on well with the other midshipman. He treats his mess well too, Sherlock knows.
John’s answering laugh is so joyful, so reminiscent of his usual buoyant spirit that Sherlock feels his mouth breaking into a grin again.
“Bloody useless if you ask me, coming down here every two hours. What does he expect us to find?”
Unless the man was a complete idiot (like, Sherlock noted bitterly, himself), he would know that he couldn’t single handedly account for all the items on the manifest.
Anderson the night of the party—Anderson had seen Sherlock with John’s medical bag—had implied that he knew it was John’s.
Grabbing hold of the banister, he pulled himself back to his feet, away from Sherlock’s hands. He climbed the next flight of stairs with his teeth bared in a grimace of determination.
The faster Sherlock moves, the faster the dog seems to move ahead of him, until Sherlock is running to keep up.
But the idea of
“We can’t arrest her until we get one final piece of evidence. Tilly Briggs is throwing a party next week. To celebrate the end of the murders, she claims. A gala on board the ship. She’s advertising it as a sort of farewell to the business, ‘going out with a bang,’ but it’s really a celebration for a job well done. I have reason to believe that Timothy Briggs will be somewhere on board. If we can’t get the evidence we need, we still have the warrant for Brigg’s arrest.”
He shuts his eyes, pictures Sherlock’s face, eyes spread wide in startled delight in that expression that is his favorite of Sherlock’s. It is the expression he wears when John offers his body some new sensation he has never experienced, the ‘oh’ of his surprise softening the corners of his mouth, his dark lashes fluttering against his cheeks as his eyes slide to half-mast; John pictures the flush on the pale skin of his throat and chest, his nipples peaked and swollen pink.
John nuzzles his nose in Sherlock’s salt-stiffened hair.
Sherlock feels his cheeks flush scarlet.
Loud, good-natured Mr. McKinley scolds the boy in earnest while Miss Hooper helps Mrs. Mills to her feet and out of the dining room.
For once, Sherlock is grateful for the presence of the sweltering sun—if anyone asks, he can simply tell them his cheeks are flushed because of the heat.
“If I had known you would be interested, believe me, I would have asked a long time ago.”
Sherlock can see John’s desire burning, low and steady, like a banked fire in the depths of his gaze, and the sight of it makes a corresponding warmth pour through Sherlock’s torso, from the center of his chest all the way down to his toes; it makes the longing already beating like a pulse through Sherlock’s veins roar up in answer.
To have Sherlock here beside him now, sleeping so deeply and peacefully seemed something of a miracle and part of John wanted to stay exactly where he was, with Sherlock’s bare body coiled warm against his hip under the cocoon of blankets.
John’s mind was made up.
A loud chorus of laughter greets this remark.
John couldn’t help himself. His eyes fluttered shut. He’d always been particularly sensitive to hickeys. He found himself tipping his head back to offer Sherlock more of his throat. His hands strained against Sherlock’s grip. He wanted to reach up and pull Sherlock down on top of him.
With a curl of his lip, Stevens releases him and Sherlock falls to the ground with all the elegance of a sack of flour.
“Yes. Your wife
He wastes no time climbing out of bed and stripping off his filthy nightshirt, rummaging around for the sponge he has in his things.
Still, John will not meet his eyes.
As Sherlock listens to the crude lyrics, he can hear John’s voice distinctly among the others. Something about John’s warm tenor singing those words makes heat creep into his cheeks.
“Can you smell it, John?”
“I know what you need, love. I’m going to give it to you. I’m going to give you something so much better than you can possibly imagine.”
Sherlock can see evidence of this in the busy harbor coming into view before him now, crowded with ships of every size and description, many of which are flying British colors. He can also make out the flags of several other nations as well, many he does not recognize.
John lowers his shaking hands to his mouth and holds them there. The shock at what he has done is overshadowed by the shocking clarity of the memories. John has had vivid nightmares before.
. He’s a shape-shifter that often takes the form of a beautiful man and he is an exceptionally talented musician. He’s deviously clever and dangerous.”
John lets out a moan at the movement. His voice is strained. “Whatever you do, just know that I’m not going to last much longer.”
“HEAVE—HEAVE—HEAVE—AND HOLD!”
John’s whole body shudders at the touch—Sherlock sees his cock leap against his belly.
“Listen to me.” Sherlock’s face was very close to Lestrade’s. He was enunciating every syllable in the irritating way he did when he was being pedantic. “He’s intending to frighten us. That is his strategy. We can’t let it get to us. There will be valuable information in whatever form that message takes. It’s imperative that no one touches anything that they find before I see it. Get the incompetent ones out of here.”
It occurs to Sherlock that this is a stroke of good fortune for Molly, whose presence on shore—at least initially—relies upon this fact.
Sherlock shoved John’s trousers down as far as he could reach and then pulled John’s t-shirt up his back so that their bare chests were pressed together, wrapping one long arm around John’s waist as John’s hand resumed its stroking.
glittering, the bright glare of the sunlight on his bare limbs and torso drawing the light up out of him in long, gleaming lines, as though the sun is drawn to John in particular, as though it knows how well John’s body will wear its light.
When he’d divested himself of both shirt and trousers and was standing in nothing but the sheen of the lights from the city below, John watched Sherlock cross to the table where they’d left their glasses and pick up the bottle of champagne.
“Unless, of course, you need my help.”
“No.” Lestrade’s eyes are hard. “It really wasn’t. That’s one of the reasons I wanted to talk to you. You put both of your lives at risk just by coming to my aid. There’s still the possibility that whoever made me ill did so with the intention of killing me. If that was their intent, they are by now well aware that they didn’t succeed. If they know that either of you tried to help me the two of you could be in very real danger.”
“You certainly made short work of tha’!”
When John finally pulls back to give them both a chance to catch their breath, his eyes are bright. “I have a feeling this won’t be the last time you surprise me.”
This was a difficult chapter to write for multiple reasons, and my inability to stop working on it has led me to manically post it before receiving feedback from my beloved beta, A Study in Purple. I will update with her edits as soon as possible. But in the meantime, I had to get this out into the world, for fear that I would never stop tinkering with it.
It was a good idea to let John do this; his fingers are so clever and quick he’s already pulled Sherlock’s neckcloth loose, folding it deftly before setting it on the table beside the door.
He descends below decks in such a fever of excitement he barely sees the steps in front of him, making his way to his cabin as fast as he is able, until he’s lying on his belly on the floor of his room, unfastening the straps that keep the case securely fastened beneath his bed.
John tastes different after sleeping, warmer and softer—somehow more like himself—and Sherlock loves every bit of it.
“ ‘O man, the lights of the world, Scipio, Homer, Epicurus, are dead; wilt thou hesitate and fret at dying, whose life is wellnigh dead whilst thou art yet alive; who consumest in sleep the greater part of thy span, and when awake dronest and ceasest not to dream; and carriest about a mind troubled with baseless fear, and canst not find what it is that aileth thee when thou staggerest like a drunken wretch in the press of thy cares, and welterest hither and thither in the unsteady wandering of thy spirit!’”
How will any of them be able to make it through the tyranny of the coming weeks without a visit to shore?
John felt another shudder move through him at Sherlock’s words.
The sun may be brutal but the sight of the ocean lying clear and flat under the brilliant blue sky is enough to take Sherlock’s breath away.
The pain was unendurable.
John felt the reverent whisper of Sherlock’s breath as he leaned in and nuzzled his face into John’s balls, inhaling deeply as he did so. He pulled first one, then the other into his mouth, lapping at them like a cat, the movements of his tongue impossibly delicate.
Sherlock feels a dull flush of embarrassment warm his cheeks.
He cannot possibly leave his cabin now; he cannot face the inquiring, judgmental stares of the other passengers, the whispers, the murmured comments that will have doubled in frequency.
“Forgive me, love,” he repeats, the endearment at the end of the phrase making Sherlock’s heart twist sharply in his chest. He wipes at his streaming eyes, seemingly unable to stop the flood of tears from coming.
As his eyes comb over the sea of faces before them, Sherlock is distressed to see several of the female passengers—both young and old—bowing their heads together in fervent whispered conversation, their eyes on John, their cheeks as flushed as Sherlock’s own.
“Enough of that!” Dimmock shouts, going red again. His voice is barely audible above the din. “I repeat—have I made myself clear?”
“Lovely,” John gasped, savoring the feeling of Sherlock breaching him, tucked into the center of him. He could feel how tight he was around Sherlock’s finger—his body was unused to doing this, but the tightness made him all the more aware of the intimacy of the act, of his body squeezing itself around Sherlock, pulling him in, and this realization made his arousal sharpen to an almost unbearable pitch. He licked his lips. “Give me more.”
“You look much better. How are you feeling?”
“I can’t say I know much about having friends either,” Miss Hooper says. “I haven’t had so many in my life. So… perhaps we can fail at it together.”
At the mention of Lieutenant Lestrade, the other man’s voice drops to a conspiratorial murmur. Sherlock has to lean slightly forward to catch his next words. “No sign of the captain at all, yet. A bit suspicious, wouldn’t you say?”
He listens to the steady pounding of his heart against the pillow and tries to ignore the increasingly raucous sounds of celebration from above.
He began to struggle but a voice came out of the darkness, freezing him as effectively as if he’d been struck with a bolt of electricity.
Sherlock can feel, with vivid clarity, the texture on the surface of John’s palms, every callous, every bump and scar. His nerves are still singing from the experience of touching John, his awareness sharpened, so that even just the gentle progress of John’s hand over his chest makes his breathing quicken and go shallow.
“If Marcus really is your friend, I thought it only right to tell you. So that you could… well, prevent the boy from getting hurt.”
“He was…” Sherlock pauses, searching for the right words. “Impressed in spite of himself. Said he wished he’d thought of it himself.”
Sherlock stopped his approach when he was directly in front of John. His eyes were pale blue, like sheets of ice under a summer sky, like how John imagined glaciers looked when the sun beat down on them and shone transparent through the ice.
One of John’s hands drops from where it was beside Sherlock’s head to take Sherlock by the hip and tug him forward, Sherlock’s boots sliding easily along the floorboards as his groin comes to settle against John’s leg.
Sherlock nods, his own throat too tight to speak.
He’s heard of the cheap whistle favored by sailors, made of tin, often called the penny whistle, but he’s never seen a drum like the one in the stocking-capped sailor’s hands before and he is mesmerized by the dexterity with which he strikes it using the small stick.
in the bath?”
Not now, not here—
At John’s words, there’s a snip somewhere inside himself, and Sherlock feels distinctly that he’s falling; as though there were a rope tied around Sherlock’s waist keeping him upright, keeping him above some terrible, unknowable abyss, and the rope’s just been cut.
John stayed where he was, cold, motionless, the whole of his body aching.
“John… Don’t!” Sherlock’s voice was desperate. His neck was fully extended to accommodate the pull of John’s fist in his hair. John watched a bead of sweat glide down the length of his throat. “I need you. Now.”
“Er… good evening, Miss…. Hooper, is it?”
“Shh, it’s alright. I’m just getting something.”
John nods.
He also spends a great deal of mental energy concocting scenarios in which he and John can finally be alone together. Sometimes he pictures them together in John’s lilac bower, hidden by a screen of the heavy, scented blossoms, stretched out, naked, their bare skin dotted here and there with falling petals, the sun and shadows on their bodies making lattice-works of light.
Up until this moment Sherlock assumed that every moment of John’s free time would be his and his alone—but maybe John would like to spend some of it with his shipmates. After all, he’s the one who’s been worked to the bone this entire voyage, these last few weeks especially—perhaps all he wants right now is to simply head to the nearest tavern and drink away his wages while he has the chance.
His arousal crests in a sudden unbearable pitch, and he draws his knees up until his feet are flat against the mattress, opening his body to John in an unabashedly obscene gesture, forcing John to sit back slightly so as not to lose his purchase on both parts of Sherlock.
“To your good health.”
“John—”
Sherlock tips his head back against John’s shoulder and nods.
“All you have to do is say the word, love.”
The smile he’s giving Sherlock now… Sherlock has to drop his eyes before he does something that both of them will regret.
John felt his rage, which had been lying cold and dormant like a banked fire, leap suddenly to life.
“It will be critical, tomorrow morning especially, that when we go up, you keep your hat down over your eyes. Don’t look at anyone. Lose yourself in the crowd of men as much as possible so you won’t be accounted for. As soon as you’re on shore there will be no trouble, because everyone will assume you’re a sailor from the other British ship in port. If anyone from our crew asks, you tell them you’re a midshipman on the Agamemnon—alright? It’s only from now until when that boat touches shore that you have to worry about.”
All of their hopes are now pinned on Rio. Somehow the ship’s destination there has gained an almost mythic significance in Sherlock’s mind. It’s as if everything after that point is an indistinguishable blur—even if Sherlock knows they still have weeks to go afterward until they reach Madras; he somehow can’t imagine anything beyond Rio.
Sherlock tries to think about cool, clean things—dull things, like the paint going onto the wood, the slight ache in his wrist, but somehow even the rhythm of his paintbrush brings to mind the rhythm of a very different activity, and John’s voice in his ear, urging him on with warm approval, prompting him to stroke faster…
Sherlock readjusts himself in John’s lap, settling his long legs so that they curl around behind John’s waist.
Ferguson’s footsteps cause Sherlock to take two hasty steps backwards. He folds his hands behind his back, adopting an innocent posture.
He straightened up, and moved around to examine the blonde-haired corpse. John thought he saw something in Sherlock’s face flicker for a moment as he crouched down, but it was gone as quickly as it had come, his expression as calm and impassive as ever, if slightly paler than usual.
“Of course.” Sherlock stands aside, embarrassed. “And call me Sherlock.”
Sherlock shrugs.
Darkness is falling as he makes his way outside onto the deck, the sky around him the color of a deepening bruise. Sherlock freezes, his eyes scanning the rigging above him for a sign of John.
“WELL I’M NOT GOING TO TELL YOU!”
Even if he knows that John coming to see him poses an enormous risk—that it could cost him his life—Sherlock’s selfish desire to see him, to touch him, overshadows this simple, brutal fact.
He remembers all too clearly the fantasy that made him take himself in hand and stroke himself to release kneeling on the filthy floor of his cabin. That was back before he and John had even kissed, and he smiles, thinking how little he understood John’s feelings for him then, and how much has passed between them since.
He’s about to retire to his quarters to escape the heat of the noon sun, when Sherlock notices a crowd of passengers gathered nearby, staring up at the top of the main mast, tittering nervously and pointing. He follows the line of their eyes and there, climbing his way down the masthead with a bucket in one hand and a brush in the other, is John.
Sherlock gestures to the impossible bed, the gleaming bathtub.
“What were you thinking about, when you looked at my hands?”
This thought makes Sherlock’s cheeks fill with a dull heat and he scrapes the soap extra hard against his thighs to quell the corresponding warmth between his legs. Now is not the time.
John smiles, slow and pleased.
He suspected Ferguson had been up to something but this is far more ambitious than Sherlock had guessed.
The diners go back to their individual conversations, their interest in the conflict between the two men already forgotten, but Sherlock keeps the corner of his eye fixed on Mr. Ferguson. His eyes have returned to the bowl in front of him but he looks angrier than ever; the hand that is holding his soupspoon is white-knuckled with rage. Clearly, there is more the man wants to say but Sherlock is certain from the iron gaze of Mr. Knott that he will do everything in his power to keep that from happening.
“Tell me,” John said, sliding closer, and taking hold of the wrist of the hand Sherlock was so fastidiously licking. “Are there any legends about Viennese ice demons?”
Moriarty’s hands had been all over him, stroking, pulling, manipulating his body as he whispered in John’s ear the things that Sherlock would do to him, that Moriarty would make Sherlock do to him if John gave him what he wanted.
Sherlock trembles thinking of it now, presses a fist against his mouth as though to staunch the tide of memories, so powerful Sherlock feels as though his head is being pulled down beneath the waves.
with wanting.
“Right.” John rose to his feet. “Right, let me just put an another shirt and get my gun—”
John shifted impatiently in his seat.
He lathers the cake of soap between his hands and scrubs himself all over, thinking as he does, with satisfaction of all the weeks of sweat and grime and salt that he is washing himself clean of.
His throat is suddenly very dry. “Forgive you for what?”
He reached up to pull Sherlock’s hands off his shoulders, his voice shaking as hard as his hands. “Get out.”
“Ah, that.” Sherlock looks up at her, with a glint of mischief in his eye. “Come with me, I think you’re going to like it.”
John pulls his knees up, tilting his body fractionally closer to Sherlock’s waiting cock, and then he nods.
Sherlock let him take it, extending his elbow so that the wounded flesh was turned toward John. His eyes still hadn’t left John, and John could hear his breathing, shallow and slightly quick, in the stillness between them.
The gun slipped from his fingers and fell beside him with a clatter. The safety was still off.
He inspects the floor of the bathroom for any hint of water but finds none. He runs his finger all around the rim of the tub, checking for moisture. It’s dry. He looks in the linen closet, but all the towels are as they should be, stacked and neatly folded.
“Good evening,” they breathe in unison, the movement of their fans increasing suddenly, no doubt at the sight of John, who’s looking more magnificent than ever in the golden glow of the sinking sun. This light suits him, as if only now at the close of day, does the sun reveal its true kinship with him, drawing out the shimmer of gold along his arms, at the skin of his throat, picking out the finer strands of gold in his pale hair.
Sherlock can hardly think what to say; he’s suddenly overcome with nervousness. He can scarcely believe that it was just this morning that he and John lay naked in each other’s arms in this very cabin.
John grows quiet, and Sherlock can tell he is thinking deeply, searching for the right words.
He was gradually becoming aware of his body’s other needs that had been on hold for the last forty-five minutes or so. Unfortunately, Sherlock seemed content to stay exactly where he was for another forty-five minutes.
Iron Sides is beaming openly, Patterson is clearly trying to keep from laughing and failing, and Matthews is politely looking anywhere but at them.
Because this time, it isn’t only the usual group of sailors who know and love John’s singing; this time, John has just sung for half the ship—the officers and passengers who have clearly never heard John sing are obviously newly enamored of John and his abilities.
He feels like he might be floating.
“It wasn’t the husband after all!”
“Is that… blood on your knuckles?”
“Thanks, Mrs. H.”
Sherlock lets John pull him half into his lap, his arms coming up around John instinctively and he holds onto him as John’s head comes to rest against the side of Sherlock’s neck. In spite of the heat, in spite of the growing pain in his knees—he stays like that, crouched against John, his heart pounding against John’s cheek where the collar of his shirt is pulled open, John’s wet breath in the hollow of his neck making him clench his fingers hard in John’s hair and whisper over and over again. “It’s alright—I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
Sherlock watches the men pull the boat into place, and almost immediately begin clambering down the ladder to take their seats.
John bent forward, letting his mouth follow in the wake of his hands to press tiny kisses to the inside of Sherlock’s thigh. He kept his kisses purposefully soft and light, his lips hardly touching the skin before he lifted them away to let fall another gentle kiss. The effect this had on Sherlock was exactly as John had hoped—he began to squirm beneath John’s mouth.
Sherlock studies him as his hand moves with John’s, concentrates on memorizing every detail of this new, wonderful version of John that is all for him.
Worse still, he worries that they
But as he lifts his eyes again to find John standing with his messmates preparing to help unload a new shipment of cargo, he can’t quite shake the tiny seed of doubt the interaction has sown in his mind.
Sherlock nods his head, his hands clenched tight between his shaking thighs.
Billy looks over at Molly, his expression confused but curious.
He saw Sherlock’s fists clench above his head at the sensation. “John—more,” he gasped. “It’s not enough.”
John reared up and captured Sherlock’s mouth with his own, his thighs falling open as he did so.  He knew the moment was full of significance, of sweetness—it was like Sherlock’s apology and he wanted to convey his forgiveness, his appreciation—but he couldn’t stop his hips thrusting up against Sherlock with wanton need, desperately seeking friction for the leaking length of his cock trapped against the material of his pants.
“You couldn’t have,” Sherlock says, curls sliding into his eye as he looks up at John with a trace of indignation. “I was thinking about how unique you are.”
Perhaps John sees the creeping doubt in Sherlock’s eyes because he takes Sherlock’s hand between his own and squeezes it briefly, once, before letting go.
If only there was someone he could talk to, someone who would actually
John let his hands fall to Sherlock’s hips at last, touching so lightly he felt Sherlock shiver at the contact. He traced the curves of Sherlock’s hips, his hands skimming down to cup Sherlock’s ass. As he bent forward to press a kiss to the back of Sherlock’s neck, he let his fingers dip into the heat between Sherlock’s legs.
He threw his hands back over his head, hands fisting in the blankets, his eyes shut—his body was dissolving, dissolving into pure feeling, into nothing but heat. He tried to push back up against Sherlock but Sherlock’s strong hands on his arse didn’t need the help. He wanted Sherlock to come—needed to feel it inside him.
“Good, that’s good.” Sherlock takes a deep breath. “It is John’s belief that the dose was not intended to be lethal—he thinks the fatal amount was the result of sloppy workmanship; however, I have since come to believe otherwise, based on my suspicions as to the identity of the culprit.”
Sherlock straightened up and threw his shoulders back. “What—afraid?”
“Seems to me,” John says, his frown deepening. “Important person like your brother, if he has cause to worry—to worry enough to warn you? Well… that’s not good at all, is it?”
“I’m sorry,” John says, his shoulders slumping, still speaking into the space between his arm and the wall. “I’m sorry you have to see me like this.”
And without another word, Sherlock follows John out and back onto the busy street.
He’s furious that Anderson spoiled the end of what otherwise would have been the perfect afternoon. But the shadow cast by his ugly presence recedes quickly in the wake of the joy Sherlock feels at John’s reaction to his strange ability, the look on John’s face when Sherlock told him how he feels about him, the way his eyes lingered on Sherlock’s mouth.
John’s breathing is labored, his body tense beneath Sherlock’s.
He hums with pleasure at the weight of John’s flesh filling his mouth, tongue gliding over every ridge and crease, delighting in the shudder he feels wrack John’s frame in response to the careful explorations of his tongue.
“Honestly, I have no idea. I didn’t move the whole time I was under there except to crawl back out again. I could tell I was under her bed, but it was too dark to see much else. If she was in there I didn’t hear anything. Let’s hope for her sake that she wasn’t.”
Sherlock’s chest expands with hope. “I… could I?”
“Perhaps you’d like to take a nap?”
A man towards the front of the room spoke up in anger. “This is preposterous! Step aside or we’ll knock you down, the lot of us.”
“I walked a bit this morning, just back and forth beside the bed, but… I managed fine.”
Something else, then.
“The others said you just got up and left, they didn’t know where to. But as soon as I heard the music I knew.”
Sherlock glances toward the staircase leading to the upper decks with undisguised longing.
As carefully and methodically as he can, he records the names of all the passengers he knows on board the ship, marks down everything he has observed of them, what he’s heard them say in regards to the captain.
Before John can say anything in reply, Lestrade continues.
“Go to sleep now,” John says softly. “Sleep now and we’ll talk when you’re well again.”
“How does it feel?” John gasps, his words more heat than sound against Sherlock’s mouth.
In lieu of a fighting lesson with John, Sherlock does the next best thing.
Sherlock’s legs are hitching tighter around John’s back as he tries to draw John closer in against him, cradling John’s face in his hands. The gesture is successful as Sherlock suddenly feels the heat of John’s erection brush against his own. Sherlock shudders, clenching his knees still tighter against John’s back.
, for the detail of Sherlock sending his neck cloth to John. I had originally planned something like that but with John sending an item of clothing to Sherlock, but she posted
John did so, willingly.
Something about John’s look makes Sherlock go absolutely still. He is suddenly aware of his heartbeat pounding all down the length of his cock.
He makes Molly go up first so they aren’t seen going up together—just a minute ahead of him so that he can keep an eye on her until she’s safely installed in one of the boats; but he finds to his great dismay that by the time he arrives on deck himself only a few minutes later, he’s already lost her in the crowd.
He interrupts Sherlock’s silent stream of diagnostics. “I’ll take care of myself. Don’t worry.”
“Let’s just say, I’ve never experienced pleasure like that before in my life.”
One of the lower-ranking officers, who seems to yearn the hardest for the approval of the others, and often picks on Sherlock when he wants to show off—Anderson is his name—notices Sherlock’s buoyant mood, immediately starts in on him.
Sherlock sucked down every drop before lifting his head, and simultaneously pulling his fingers out of John, his breath unsteady against John’s hip as he straightened up.
Sherlock can feel himself opening under the touch of John’s mouth, softening and loosening—the tension chased out of his body by the warm slide of John’s lips.
“And another thing.” He spins around as he goes on talking as though to look into the face of every man on deck. “If I catch Sherlock Holmes speaking to
But Patterson cries out in protest.
“Are you alright?” he asks, his voice rough, and Sherlock lifts his arms up around John’s neck to pull him down against him.
John slides his mouth over the curve of Sherlock’s bottom lip, pulling it gently in between his teeth. Sherlock lets him, shivering at the hint of pressure. He feels John’s knee press in against the inside of his thigh, and Sherlock parts his legs wider in response, reaching out as he does so to take hold of John’s forearms so that he can feel the muscles flexing under the skin.
The boy hesitated.
Shame that he hadn’t gotten away, that he hadn’t even attempted to escape, that Sherlock had to rescue him
If he wanted Lestrade dead, then he would certainly be very displeased by now.
He descends into the darkness with more caution than is probably necessary, pausing at the bottom of the stairs as he waits for his eyes to adjust.
When he speaks again his voice has mostly gained its normal composure.
When they finally reach the table, Sherlock is wound so tightly with excitement and barely-suppressed arousal, he’s surprised that his legs have managed to carry him this far.
It’s a miracle he doesn’t trip going down the stairs in the darkness—he has no light, and even if he had, he scarcely sees the world in front of him, everything around him is a blur; his chest tight with emotion, a distant roaring in his ears.
Sherlock collapses down onto the mattress, his sticky fingers shaking, his cheeks warm from the exertions of his body.
“By Jove, is it that time already? Why it must be the dogwatch.”
Sherlock watches with sleepy contentment as John pours water from the pitcher on his desk into the pewter basin, his eyes moving appreciatively over the strong lines in the backs of John’s bare thighs and over the muscular curves of his buttocks. John should never be allowed to wear clothes again, Sherlock thinks sleepily as he reaches for the towel nearby, the muscles in his back leaping to vivid life under the soft touch of the candlelight.
Sherlock feels the change in John at his words; feels the shudder that moves through him like thunder.
He folds the letter tightly, seals it, and leaves the front blank, the same way John did, in an effort to misdirect any immediate suspicion should something go awry upon delivery, and then heads cautiously out into the corridor in search of Billy before he can change his mind.
Sherlock sighs into the kiss, his hands sliding up John’s back, over every muscle, every elegant notch in his spine, over the broad planes of his shoulders, lost in the sensation of all that glorious skin, bare to his touch.
John pressed his mouth against Sherlock’s hair, and wondered how many times he would continue to admonish himself for his own short sightedness when it came to Sherlock Holmes.
He felt Sherlock noticeably relax beside him.
“Molly,” he gasps in relief, coming to stand before her in the narrow corridor, ignoring the scathing looks being thrown his way by Miss Long and Miss Gibbons as they walk past. “May I speak with you for a moment?” His eyes dart nervously to where Grimsby and Colonel Jackson’s wife still stand immersed in conversation up ahead. “In private?”
John lies back against the pillow, his legs still tangled up with Sherlock’s, but his gaze now somewhere above them.
John looks almost scandalized for a half-second and then bursts into laughter.
“Ha! Nice try. I can’t be persuaded that easily. I could care less about your secret cooling sex ritual.”
His voice is low and sweet as honey. “Hello there, Beautiful.”
At the realization that this was happening—Sherlock was
Sherlock raised himself to a sitting position. John crouched on his knees beside him, felt the duvet slipping off his shoulders. The touch of the chill air on his naked skin made a shiver run through him, but it wasn’t enough to pull his mouth from Sherlock’s.
Whatever he did must have worked because when Sherlock thrusts again, John makes the same sharp, keening sound—but louder, longer, this time—desperate.
“I’ll look for both of you then on the longboat tomorrow at eight bells sharp.”
“Forgive me for asking but I must admit, I’m most curious—what business is it you must attend to that’s so urgent, Mr. Watson? Isn’t this an evening for celebration?”
John gasps softly as though in surprise, one hand caressing the side of Sherlock’s face. “You brilliant thing. It’s decided then. Swimming it is.”
“How dare I what? Save your skin? I don’t know why I bother if this is the kind of gratitude I’m going to receive.”
He remembers also, how the night before the party, Ferguson tried to claim that the captain had ulterior motives for planning the festivities, and how insistently Knott attempted to quiet Ferguson in the midst of his vague accusations. It therefore seems likely that Knott is in possession of some knowledge about the captain that he does not wish to disclose, and Ferguson is hell-bent on uncovering what that is.
“Amesbury—yes. I think he’s still up on deck.”
, even though it’s only been an hour at most. Ever since he came upon John’s sleeping form on deck, the feeling has never fully gone away, and the smell of John now, the heat of him, so warm against Sherlock in the darkness is almost more than he can take.
. Do you understand me?”
Some of Sherlock’s reverence must be evident on his face, in the touch of his hands, because John is looking down at him with that crooked grin of adoration that makes Sherlock heart turn to liquid fire in his chest, and Sherlock’s hands still in their worshipful exploration as he surrenders to the sensation now, stricken breathless.
Sherlock only just manages to stop himself from looking down in horror at his own chest.
John felt his body immediately tense up again. He was suddenly very aware of the fact that he was naked except for the towel slung low around his hips. He was running late to his shift at the hospital so he hadn’t bothered to properly dry himself before leaving the bathroom. In the cold air of the hallway, he could feel every drop of water on his skin. He forced himself to calmly meet Sherlock’s gaze.
“I can see it in the way your body responds to me. When I get close to you your breathing accelerates, your pupils dilate, your eyes drift continually to my mouth. You hold yourself differently, tensely, like you’re trying to keep yourself from reacting, like you’re trying to stop yourself from moving closer to me.”
Sherlock could hear that John was having difficulty unclenching his jaw.
As difficult as it is to reveal these parts of himself to John, somehow it’s worse not to tell him the truth, to not show him all the ugly, jagged cracks within himself. It would feel like a lie, like a betrayal if he didn’t show John who he really is, and he can’t do that, not to John Watson, whose every breath is like a gift from the gods themselves, whose every step through the world makes it better, brighter, just from coming into contact with him.
, ringing through Sherlock’s body as clear as the tone of a bell.
Thanks to John’s effective incapacitation of the majority of the criminals onboard, overtaking the boat and rounding up the remaining smugglers had proved short work for Scotland Yard.
Sherlock’s voice is a dry croak of fear. “And Mary?”
John leans back in toward Sherlock; his mouth dipping so close, Sherlock can feel John’s smile brushing his ear. “What about for me then?”
He doesn’t have much time if he wants to get the paper back to Ferguson before he notices it’s missing; by all accounts, he may have already noticed. He could be making his way to Sherlock’s room right now in a suspicious rage.
Maybe John is right, maybe he really is part sea creature…
He falls asleep with the knuckles of his left hand still held against his mouth.
Sherlock lies with his cheek pressed to the floor, panting, and feels the small kernel of self-hatred that always seems to be wedged somewhere just under his ribs give a vicious twist and then expand to twice its usual size, until it feels like it’s pressing on his lungs and he can scarcely breathe for the pressure.
Sherlock’s chest feels as though it might burst from happiness. He hasn’t spoken with the other man in more than two days and he’s dying to ask John about his feat up on the yardarm the day before.
He wishes more than anything that he could crawl under the table in order to escape the entire interaction.
John takes a step nearer to him and when he sees the expression on Sherlock’s face, his eyes soften. “What’s wrong?”
“I don’t care,” Sherlock breathes.
Sherlock looks up, his awareness of his surroundings returning sharply, and sees, to his dismay, his snobbish neighbor, Amesbury, watching him from a little ways down the deck, eyebrows drawn together in concern.
“Glad you’ve come to join us, Mike!”
“If you can’t find your way, ask someone to direct you to John Watson’s hammock. If anyone questions you, tell them you are doing so with my permission. In fact—” He adjusts his grip on Lestrade momentarily to reach for a chain around his neck that Sherlock has never seen before, tucked away under his shirt. He lifts it off over his head and places it in Sherlock’s outstretched palm. “If they question you, just show them this.”
Sherlock passes it into the boy’s hand and Billy tucks it away into his jacket.
Mercifully, she turns to look just as Sherlock manages to squeeze past the two young ladies, who huff with indignation at his rudeness.
different.
He listens to the footsteps of the other passengers coming and going, the occasional creak of a door, the murmur of a voice in the cabin nearby, and under it all the constant deep groaning of the ship as it moves through the ocean.
Sherlock pulled back just far enough to look down at John’s grinning face—he kept his forehead pressed against John’s, his eyes scanning John’s face up close, rapid; curious.
The night before his voyage began, Sherlock was sitting alone over a grey supper in the tavern where he was boarding, hunched in his cloak, watching the rain pelt the thick glass of the tavern windows, the misery that was lodged cold and hard in his throat preventing him from taking even one bite of his dismal supper when a boy had found him at the table, drenched from the rain, breathless, his cheeks pink from the cold night air. “Mr. Holmes?”
The moment stretches on between them, crackling with unharnessed energy, like the tension in the air before a storm, and then, before Sherlock can change his mind, or think better of it, he bends down and replaces his fingers with his mouth.
“Lie all the way back.”
He just needed Sherlock to do that again—whatever he’d just done—but he couldn’t find the words.
fucking philanthropically motivated—what you did wasn’t just for me—it was for the whole mess. I know you, Sherlock, and I know you did it for all of them as much as me.”
Sherlock scrutinizes Lestrade’s expression, which is painfully formal. He looks as though he’s trying as hard as possible to be sure no other emotions creep onto his face.
He imagines John looking at him before he leans in to push the material of Sherlock’s waistcoat off his shoulders.
John let go of Sherlock’s arse and reached down, gasping, to take hold of his own cock, and heard the sound of Sherlock’s phone vibrating, loud and insistent, against the coffee table.
trans. Pablo Medina & Mark Statman
“What if I have no interest in eggs… what if there’s something else I’d like to devour?”
“Or what? None of your sailor friends are here to help you, are they?” Anderson draws a menacing step nearer, snatching the medical bag out from under Sherlock’s arm. “What’s this? Did he give this to you too? Are you going to play surgeon with him?”
“I think I’ll strip you down first—bare as a lamb chop. It makes the cutting so much easier.” He took hold of the bottom of John’s jumper, hooking the blade into the soft fabric. “Let’s have a look, shall we? I’m dying to discover what Sherlock finds so appealing.”
There was something in Sherlock’s voice that made John look down. “There’s no need to be embarrassed.”
No, he will not think of it.
But Sherlock has never been good with words—when he reaches for them, they skitter away like dust before a wind, scattering.
John let himself drift for several thudding heartbeats, content to rest with Sherlock’s face pressed in against his, Sherlock’s legs still twined around his own; aware now of the cooling sweat between their bodies, all down his front and along Sherlock’s side. His hips were fused to Sherlock’s thigh with swiftly drying come. Somehow, none of this bothered him in the slightest.
John’s mouth is soft against his, coaxing Sherlock’s open with his tongue. Sherlock lets his lips part and John licks into his open mouth, tasting of salt.
He dreams that John is a sea king, running along the waves, naked, gleaming, his arms twined with seaweed, his golden hair so bright it seems to generate a light all its own.
“I won’t.”
Without lifting his mouth from John’s, Sherlock turns completely so that he is on his belly between John’s thighs, John’s hands still warm against his shoulder blades.
The only scrap of relief Sherlock can find in the midst of his agonized frustration is the fact that if John is singing—if Sherlock can
drawing his bow over his strings again.
When John finally pulls away they are both breathless.
True to John’s word, the bowls of porridge gradually transform into the regular ship’s fare, and Sherlock dutifully cleans every plate—no matter how unappealing, no matter his lack of appetite.
John shivers now at the memory of all that heat. His bed feels cold and the air in the room seems stale by comparison—in the gloom the curtains at the window look like the shrouds on a sepulcher.
How long had he been out there?
But this thought is short-lived as the twist of John’s wrist brings his attention sharply back to the present moment.
He reached down one more time and dragged Sherlock’s legs up over his shoulders to deepen the angle of his thrusts. He rolled his hips and Sherlock shuddered and then let out a yell as John drove down against his prostate. He looked up at John, gasping, eyes unfocused, the expression on his face close to one of pain.
He shut his eyes and tried to think of the things that he usually did when he got off, and for a little while, it worked, but then, unbidden, into his mind came the memory of Sherlock’s mouth on his neck, the hot plume of his breath as he exhaled, and John moaned aloud at the thought.
“John—”
“No,” Sherlock says, and he’s still shaking his head, fingers closing hard on John’s arms. “No, they couldn’t. No one ever could.”
It did things to John when Sherlock held his face like that—as though it were something immeasurably precious and breakable, something he was desperate to possess and protect all at once.
Sherlock stayed where he was, motionless, knees curled under him where he sat on the bed.
Anderson opens his mouth to answer but the captain’s wrath-filled yell cuts over him before he has a chance to speak.
“God—more than alright.”
The words sting, Sherlock knows, from the color rising in Lestrade’s face.
In the days immediately following the Moriarty incident, John began to notice just how often it happened. It was as if John’s sensory awareness had been turned up to maximum capacity. No detail escaped him: Sherlock’s hand brushing his as they walked, his hips angled close to John when he stood behind him, Sherlock’s long torso bending over him on the couch as he reached for his laptop. They had the sort of physical intimacy John had only ever experienced in his longest relationships, which was surprising not only due to the fact that he and Sherlock were not sleeping together and had only known each for just under a year, but also that this was
The sight of John’s clenched fists fills Sherlock with the memory of John’s hands in his hair; causes Sherlock to pull back with a wet sound and gasp, “Hair, John! Put your hands in my—”
John’s hair in Sherlock’s hands is almost enough to finish him—he can feel the tightness in his belly and his loins, gathering like a spring that is about to uncoil, pulling and pulling until he feels as though he cannot bear another second. It as though every part of his body is somehow connected to his cock in this moment; every slight shift of John’s mouth against him sends minute currents of pleasure rippling through him, as though his body is crisscrossed with a network of the finest threads, all culminating in the place where John’s mouth is sliding warm and wet around him.
Sherlock can hear him licking his lips, and he would wet his own mouth in sympathy before turning around in John’s arms to answer him without speaking, pressing his own flushed mouth against John’s in wordless assent.
His voice is a growl in Sherlock’s ear.
Sherlock is speechless with horror. How John had even managed to do this is impossible to understand; Sherlock calculates rapidly in his head—John would have had to work straight through from Friday at noon until midnight that day. It’s no wonder Sherlock didn’t hear from him for two whole days.
“Sherlock?”
He makes a low noise of relief, knees jerking reflexively at the first brush of John’s fingers against his bare cock.
He tilts his face up to John’s until his mouth is inches away from John’s, until he can feel John’s breath against his parted lips.
But there must be some trace of his encounter in his face because when at last he makes his way to John’s side—John, smiling, reaching a hand out to him in invitation as soon as he sees Sherlock—John notices at once.
A man steps out of the shadows. He’s tall, thickly muscled. He wears a dark cloth over his mouth.
“Thank you, Ironsides.”
Sherlock has to reach an arm up to cover his nose and mouth in a futile effort to keep out the stench.
John shakes his head again, and this time, Sherlock sees, risking a cautious glance upward, that it’s not disappointment that makes John do so, but rather… awe.
Sherlock sags under his hands.
Sherlock feels a sudden stab of fury at the woman’s complaint, at her utter disregard for the actual suffering of the men doing the work.
“Mmm.” Sherlock hums his agreement, twisting a bit to make more room for John, wriggling his hips until they’re slotted neatly against John’s side.
He takes Molly to his room so that they will not be overhead and does not say a word until the door is safely sealed behind them both. Then he tells her his plan.
When Sherlock wakes, the cabin is dark.
He flicked his torch off and stuck it back in his pocket, leaving him in complete darkness. Reaching out with one hand, he felt for the lock, and then guided the key into it by touch. It slid in relatively smoothly and when he turned it, he heard the satisfying sound of tumblers giving way, releasing the mechanism of the door.
He pushed past a trembling woman in a sapphire mask to gain access to the front of the queue and climbed unsteadily to his feet.
Molly’s eyes too have taken on a sheen of genuine worry.
Sherlock feels his cheeks heat in response to this question but he does not deign to give a response.
is already down in the longboat, attaching a barrel hitch to each of the enormous casks so they can be hauled up onto the ship.
“Shh.”
“Mister Holmes? Are you in there, Sherlock sir?”
No one has ever touched his life like Sherlock did.
John’s voice is full of yearning, and Sherlock wishes, not for the first time in his life that he was better at comprehending other people’s emotions. There is so much feeling in John’s voice but Sherlock cannot pull apart all the threads to begin to sort out what they are.
He sat up, kicking his legs free of the twisted sheets, and glanced at the clock; it was late afternoon. The sun was slanting in a lazy, honey-colored arch over the floor under the window and across the foot of his bed, making the room warmer than usual. He pulled his foot away from it.
When the cab pulled up outside Baker Street, Sherlock was out of the car and up the steps of the flat before John had finished paying the cabbie.
John’s eyes turn upward toward the sounds of pounding feet and laughter drifting down from overhead, his mouth, curling into the loveliest smile, as he leans in against Sherlock.
This realization doesn’t change the fact that Sherlock still cannot bring himself to talk about it, but there is some comfort in the knowledge that he is perhaps not quite as isolated in his feelings as he previously thought.
“Will I?”
He knows that he should ask John first if this is what he wants—they’re supposed to go swimming, yes, he knows this—and he should probably remove John’s trousers the rest of the way, take off his shoes, maybe they should move to the bed—but all of those thoughts fade in Sherlock’s mind then burst like hazy floating bubbles as he takes in the sight of John before him, already fully erect and flushed dark with arousal.
Sherlock stares at Stamford in incredulous silence. He can’t believe—hearing all of this—that he hasn’t taken the time to ask John more about his life before meeting Sherlock. He seems to have lived ten men’s lives in the span of just the one paltry life led by Sherlock.
