“See ya soon, Peanut,” Tony told the boy as he opened the conference room door. Steve joined him and they took seats across from the therapist who was busy cleaning up the puzzles and putting them back in her bag.
“I understand, thank you. I don’t like that your mind seems to go straight to me taking him from you whenever something bad happens, but, that’s a conversation we can have another day I think.”  He turned toward Indy and tapped his back with one finger. “Roll over.”
“What?”
Tony settled more firmly against him once he was assured that Steve wasn’t moving. “Love you,” Tony said into Steve’s neck.
“Yeah, yes, everything’s fine. Promise,” he assured him quickly as they sat side by side on the sofa. “Actually that’s kind of what I wanted to ask you. You ran off quick and I can tell by now when somethings bothering you. What is it?”
Bruce sighed. “Well, he’ll be okay technically for a few days although he will obviously be hungry and he’s going to cry for more, but babies lose weight pretty rapidly so that’s a concern.”
"Get out of this room, go upstairs," Tony repeated. "You want me to help him, get out."
Steve nodded. “Thank you.” He leaned forward and kissed him then sat back on his heels.
Tony turned back to face them both. “She’s Bucky’s.” Tony gave a small smile but Bucky looked like he was going to pass out. “You okay?”
“I promise,” Tony answered sincerely, smiling.
Indy nodded slowly.  “So, Poppy was made from Bucky and she’s his daughter. Bucky’s her dad. Make sense?”
“I already went through this once tonight. This time it’s your fault,” Steve deadpanned.
“I can take him and Poppy to the cafeteria and give you two some alone time,” Bucky offered.
“Hey, calm down,” Steve soothed. “It’s not going to hurt you, you’re safe here.” He tried to lower him again but Indy wriggled to get out of Steve’s grip. Steve brought him back over the floor instead, afraid that he’d hurt himself if he got out of his grip. Indy was crying in earnest now so Steve stood him up and gave him a hug. “You’re okay, shh. It’s okay. You need a bath, buddy. The waters nice and warm, see?” He stuck his hand in the water to illustrate. “Feels nice.” Indy was shaking and taking in stuttering breaths. “Calm down, baby. You’re going to make yourself sick,” Steve told him, starting to panic slightly himself. “JARVIS is Bucky awake?”
“You would notice that.” Tony sighed. “I was going to be the one to come and find you but when I told Indy he’d be staying with Bucky he had a complete meltdown. I couldn’t leave him and Bucky stepped up and did it. No questions asked. I mean, of course he would, you guys are best friends, but it meant a lot. I knew I could trust him to do it, even though I wanted to go myself.”
“Um, what?” Steve asked confused.
*****************
Steve hurried back to Tony who latched onto him the second he sat down, arms wrapping around Steve’s middle, face pressed into his shoulder.
After giving Tony a bath and putting his pajamas on he tucked him and his teddy into bed. Tony looked sad so he sat on the edge of his bed, rubbing soothing circles on Tony’s tummy. “Something wrong, sweetheart?”
“I’ll be in after I get my pants on, you go.”
Tony started speaking as soon as the door closed behind them. “I know this sucks, Steve. I do. I hate it. I know it’s hard to see him in pain but he needs this. I really think-,”
“Ready to shop til you drop?” He pulled the little boy into his arms.
“You love it,” Steve countered.
FRIDAY let Rogers and Barnes into the compounds entry way when they arrived the next morning and alerted Tony to their presence. Tony came up from the workshop, hands in his pockets to hide the fact that they were shaking. He kept a good distance between them when he stopped, staring and seemingly unable to offer a greeting.
Steve turned more toward Tony, picking his head up and pressing it to Tony’s shoulder instead. Tony put his hand on Steve’s knee and squeezed. “What are you thinking?” He felt Steve shrug. “Well, I can tell you I’ve never met anyone who I thought would be a better father.”
“How long was I out?” Tony asked, hating that his first thing had to be a question for info he needed, but, he did need to know how long Luca was laying there by himself.
“No Buppy. No, please,” he sobbed. Bucky looked to Tony and shrugged. Tony closed his eyes, sighing heavily.
“I bet. You didn’t pop any stitches but the incision bled a little. I’ll just clean it off and bandage it back up. You’ll be fine. Then you can just rest and take some pain meds, okay?” Bucky cleaned the area with antiseptic and gauze then put a clean bandage over it and taped it down. He got Tony’s medication and a bottle of water from the kitchen and helped him sit up slightly to swallow the pills.
“Oh, very nice. Are you gonna be our little duck one day? You’re gonna love baths I bet,” Tony said cheerily. Steve wished he had been recording this moment because the look Indy gave Tony was as if Tony had lost his mind and Steve couldn’t help but laugh out loud. Tony, to his credit, just went with it.
“Buppy and ah-ma,” Indy replied as if that explained everything. Steve laughed.
“He’s half asleep Tony. He doesn’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve replied.
Pepper and Rhodey joined them, sitting across from the two men. They all tried to make small talk to pass the time even though no one was up to it. Pepper offered to take Indy to the gift shop after about an hour and Rhodey accompanied them. He came back, arms loaded with goodies. Once he could see his Papa and Bucky he toddled over to them as quick as he could with his arms full.
“That’s a dog, Indy,” Steve jumped in. “Can you say dog?”
“Are you trying to get me to hurt you Tony?” Steve asked frantically. “Is that what your dad did? Did Howard hurt you when you did something wrong?” Steve paused, taking a breath as Tony continued his tantrum. “I’m not going to, Tony,” he stated firmly, willing the small boy to believe it. “I will never hurt you, so if you’re testing me you can stop.”
For the next thirty minutes or so everyone chatted and had a good time. Indy was doing surprisingly well in a group of people, they were pleased to see, even if he seemed to be making sure he had at least a hand on Steve, Tony or Bucky the whole time. They were happy to accommodate that. Clint and Natasha brought Indy a joint gift which was a big box filled with all kinds of soft play items, including different shaped balls and a bow and arrow set that shot foam arrows.
“I found him in a Hydra base, that’s his file. I was in Indiana, just trying to get away from everything,” he shook his head.
“Don’t,” Steve said sternly. “Do not say that around him. He is in love with that little girl already and she’s obviously bonding with him. He would do it in a heartbeat, but don’t even give him that idea until you’re absolutely sure, Bucky. We’ll take care of her while you make your decision, but don’t throw away this opportunity. You deserve this. After everything, we can finally have these lives we’d given up on ever having.” Steve squeezed Bucky’s shoulder and stood to leave. He walked into the hallway and saw Tony hovering near the door with the baby.
"Are you going to let him apologize to you?" Bucked asked curiously.
“Soon, buddy. Very soon. He’s okay.” Bucky hugged him closer.
"Can I say something?" Bucky asked, after a few minutes of awkward silence.
************
“Okay. Yeah I know who you are. What’s wrong? Is it Tony?”
“Listen, Tony,” Steve sighed. “I got Indy ready for bed and brought him to our room to watch a movie for awhile but he seemed nervous or something so I asked him if he was okay.”
“Use lukewarm water so maybe it brings her temp down a little,” Steve added. “You want some help?”
“Ah-ma,” Indy mumbled around the sippy cup spout. Bucky dug around under the blanket and pulled the llama out and placed it in the crook of Indy’s arm. Steve began to read the book and it wasn’t long before Indy’s eyes began to slowly close. The sippy cup fell from his mouth and Tony grabbed it before it could fall to the floor. He handed it off to Bucky and pushed the pacifier back between his lips. Indy started suckling anxiously in his sleep, the pacifier moving quickly as they watched. Tony rocked him gently trying to soothe him. Steve stopped reading and put his hand on Indy’s stomach, patting softly, then moved up to the pacifier and held his finger on it to slow the movement for a minute. “Calm down, baby,” he whispered. Indy snuffled, eyes still closed, and sighed around the now still pacifier. After a moment, Steve let go and Indy seemed to have calmed.
“I’m gonna go change since you already did. Can you watch him?” Tony nodded and Steve hurried back down the hall. Tony showed Indy each of the balloons and tried a party hat on him but he kept pulling it off to look at it.
Tony laughed. “Christmas,” he corrected.
“Listen, we’ve got people following them to see where they’re moving to. Once they unload we should be able to confirm if they have Cap and then we can go in and get him back.”
“You’re okay,” Steve soothed. “It’ll feel better in a minute.” He ran his hand through Tony’s hair repeatedly, petting him, hoping it was calming. As soon as Bucky had the bandage on Steve turned the boy around and held him to his chest. Tony snuggled in immediately, his cried dying down to occasional whines. Steve rubbed circled on his back. “All done. You were so brave, Bubba.” Tony nodded in agreement.
“You could help, you know?” Tony huffed, breaking him out of his reverie.
“Hey baby girl,” Tony said gently. “You need a name, huh? I’ll come up with a fun nickname soon enough.” She stared at him as he spoke so she was distracted enough to not fuss. “You’re a cutie. You know that?” He ran a finger down her cheek and she turned her head into the feeling. “Yeah you are.” He walked her around the room when she started to cry softly again until finally her eyes closed, exhaustion getting the best of her, and he let himself sit. He adjusted her so she was laying against his chest as he leaned back against the cushions. He watched as her mouth worked, trying to suckle on something in her sleep and he smiled.
“Hi,” Tony replied quietly. “Is he okay?”
“Good morning,” Steve said in all seriousness. Tony squinted at him, alarmed, until Steve broke into a grin and laughed. “I’m kidding, it’s only been twenty minutes.” Tony huffed, folding his arms over his chest, but Steve knew he wasn’t really mad and even if he had been the effect was lost since he was in his lap cocooned in a blanket with his hair a mess. “How do you feel?”
“Why not? I like it. He’s your son, he could share your middle name,” Tony shrugged. “Indiana Grant Rogers. Has a nice ring to it. Your choice though, so it doesn’t matter,” Tony added, trying to sound like it didn’t mean anything to him even though Steve could see right through it.  Steve grabbed Tony’s hand and tugged him closer.
Tony took a deep breath, releasing it slowly. "I just got off the phone with the higher ups, so this is a legit offer. We can get you pardoned. Both of you. No more being on the run, hiding from the authorities, none of it."
“Yeah?”
“You get the rest of the snacks out, I’ll grab the door,” he said to Tony. Steve opened the door and Bruce was standing there with a brightly colored gift bag. “Hey Bruce, thanks for coming,” he gestured for him to come in.
Tony nudged Bucky’s thigh with his own foot that he had pulled up next to him on the sofa. He did it roughly so Bucky’s body jostled but it had the desired affect and his eyes snapped to Tony’s. “You’re family,” Tony told him, holding the eye contact. “We all are. There’s nothing wrong with you staying here with us. We have more than enough space and we like having you guys around. Indy loves it,” Tony added.
“I told to him to have breakfast,” Steve answered slowly, knowing where this was headed.
“You’re not going to leave?”
"Okay, thanks. Buck, you hungry?" Bucky glanced quickly at Tony and seemed hesitant to respond.
“Okay,” Bucky replied. “I’ll just stay out of his way for awhile, but if he want’s me to go, Steve, I will.” Steve nodded.
“It’s his dinosaur,” Tony clarified. “He wanted to give her something to sleep with so she wouldn’t be alone.” Tony glanced at Steve who looked like he was seconds away from jumping up and grabbing his son for a hug.
Which he did, under Steve’s watchful eye, for a few days at least. On the fifth day home he snuck down to the workshop to tinker and didn’t get caught until two hours later when Steve appeared, arms folded, and disappointed face aimed at his boyfriend. He kept an even closer eye on Tony after that as Tony rested on the sofa, after refusing the bed, for the next few days.
"Geez, the manners on you," he said smiling, attempting a bit of humor and hoping he didn't cross a line. He scooped more into Tony's bowl. "And don't think I missed that language you used a minute ago. No one here scolding you for that, huh?"
“Yeah it really is. He needs all of this,” Steve agreed, running a hand through Indys hair as he looked at each puzzle board on the table. “Can you say thank you to Uncle Bruce?”
“Tony, where did you think we were going to go? What did you want to do?” Steve asked.
"Yeah," Bucky answered for them. "Let's go watch TV, Stevie."
“Thanks,” Bucky smiled down at him. “Why don’t we take a picture, just us?” It still felt weird for him sometimes, having this normal life where he could enjoy a wedding and take pictures with his nephew. He had a phone full of pictures of his daughter, friends, family. Sometimes it felt like a dream because it seemed too impossible but he didn’t even care as long as never woke up. He crouched down beside Indy and pulled him into a hug, kissing his temple and holding him close for a second. Indy didn’t question it, happy for a cuddle from his Buppy. “Love you,” he whispered and Indy squeezed him tighter.
“Ah,” she squeaked out, reaching one hand out to him. Bucky leaned closer so Tony could hold her hand. Her sniffles quieted and she turned back into Bucky after she let go of Tony’s hand.
“Tony,” Steve breathed. “What-“
“I love you, Tony. I’m here for whatever you need.”
“I know. I’ll get you home.” Bucky paused. “Do you know who I am?”
“Ohh, you’re a reindeer. I see. Well, that still doesn’t help me find my son but it’s nice to meet you. Do you work for Santa?”  Indy laughed, pulling at his hood so it covered more of his face. Tony patted him between the antlers then stood up. “Well, Steve if you find Indy please tell him I have waffles in the kitchen that are getting cold.” Steve shook his head at his fiancé as Tony turned to leave the room but Indy lunged forward and grabbed Tony’s leg.
Tony kept up a stream of running chatter until Steve finally dozed off an hour later.
“I can’t lose him, Buck,” Steve murmured. He reached out and pulled Indy on to his own lap and kissed the top of his head.
“Good boy,” Steve leaned over and kissed Indy’s cheek. “And thank you, Happy. That was very thoughtful. All right, so everyone sit, relax. There’s snacks out and pizza in the kitchen. I’ll bring out some drinks.”
Tony took one step toward Steve but Clint yelled quickly. “Tony don’t move!” Tony stopped but he cried harder. Steve still has his boots on so he made his way over to Tony, crunching on a lot of glass to get there, and swept him into his arms.
“Let’s get you warm.”
“Do you think we should get Indy a therapist?”
“Puzzle!” He shouted once he could see what It was. “Papa, puzzle.” He showed Steve.
“Of course.” Bucky sighed then added. “I’m sure you won’t, but if you wanted to grab yourself some food you could also do that. I know you haven’t been eating much.” Tony smirked.
“We told you Bruce was safe. He’s our friend,” Steve said, refusing to waver even though when he looked at his boyfriend Tony could see the strain of trying to remain serious and not just scooping the boy into his arms and cuddling him. “I need you to apologize to him and then you’ll have a time out.”  Indy turned away from Steve’s legs and glanced at the doctor.
Steve kissed Tony’s temple. “Tony’s right, Buck. This is your home. Not just the tower but this floor, your room here, all of it. Forever if you want it, but if or when you want your own space its right downstairs.”
Happy arrived not long after and came in to the room with Poppy in his arms and a diaper bag over his shoulder. Bucky stood up and approached him. “There’s my baby girl.” Happy handed her over. She started crying right away. “Hey, what’s wrong?” He bounced her gently and rubbed her back as she gripped his shirt. “You’re okay, baby.”
“Sounds good,” Tony replied quietly. “Thank you.”
Clint sent back a thumbs up and 3 smiley faces.
“You help us with Indy just as much as we’ve ever helped you with anything,” Tony said truthfully. “So you really need to stop feeling like you’re a burden here or something.” He smiled kindly and Bucky gave a small nod.
“Well, I’m stuck here,” he gestured to Indy on top of him. “You’re free to do what you want.”
Tony nodded. “Bucky,” he replied. He brought his thumb to his mouth and started to suck on it.
“So, we’re a family? All three of us?” Tony asked, and Steve wished that he could find a way to rid Tony of his deep-seated insecurities.
“Are you okay, Mr. Stark?”
“She just fell asleep. I circled the room fifty times before that though.” Steve smirked and sat gently next to him so as not to jostle the baby. “Do we have any new pacifiers? She needs something,” Tony asked. He poked her bottom lip with his finger and she opened her mouth wider. Steve chuckled. “I just fed her,” Tony said.
“Both of you, disturbingly enough. You didn’t have to wake up early today, Tony,” Steve said. “Or you can bring him back to bed with you, get some more rest.”
“Of course I don’t mind,” Tony answered softly, reading Steve’s uneasiness. “Come on.” He stood and held a hand out gesturing to Steve’s side of the bed. “Get in,” he prompted. Steve slid in still holding Indy and put the little boy in the middle of the bed on his back.
Tony was lying on his back but glanced over at the greeting. He smiled at Steve’s sleep tousled hair and sleepy look on his face. “Morning, darling.” Tony rolled over to face him.
“You got a name, squirt?”
"I'll be back soon!" He bounded up the stairs and out of sight.
“There were no other kids, I looked,” Bucky said shaking his head. “I don’t, I mean - I know some of the Hydra agents escaped once I found Indy because I had to get him out but I searched most of that facility.”
“Yeah, I got you a birthday present,” Bucky said, readjusting him in his arms so he was sitting on the mans hip. “You might not know what that is but it’s for you.” He slid the bag closer so Indy could reach. Indy looked up at him.
-I should have reached out sooner. I sent the letter. But I should have called...I am sorry, Tony. And I miss you. But I know I almost killed you and there's no coming back from that. I don't expect you to ever forgive me, I just want the chance to explain this in person or at least on the phone so that you know how awful I feel about it. How much I regret everything.
“Sounds good, but only if I can make the cocoa,” Tony said as he stood up. “None of that out of the packet nonsense.”
“You remember that?” Steve asked hesitantly.
“Yeah, she wants Bucky to go in since Indy wanted to do he puzzle with him.” Bucky stepped up next to Tony.
For about 20 minutes Indy ate his banana, watched TV, and played with Dum-E’s claw. That, it seems, was about as long as he could handle not having Tony’s attention. He whimpered softly, looking over to where Tony was. He hadn’t heard him. Indy started to cry quietly but didn’t call out for Tony.
“It’s fine. I just wanna lay here with you and our son.” Steve scooted closer, kissing Tony again over Indy’s head, then settling beside them, using Tony’s shoulder as his pillow.
“He’s okay. He’s in the shower. I’m playing with Luca but I saw his phone going off and thought you might like to see the baby.” Peter managed to turn Luca around on his lap so the baby’s back was to his chest. “Wanna switch to video?”
“Happy birthday, buddy. You’re 3 years old today,” he said with excitement in his voice. He and Tony had tried to explain the concept of birthdays as best they could. They weren’t sure how much sank in but they wanted him to at least realize it was a special day for him. “Such a big boy,” Steve added, kissing the top of his head. A soft knock on the door drew Steve’s attention and he saw Tony holding something behind his back. “Look who’s here,” he told Indy, bouncing him slightly in his lap. Indy looked over.
“All right, I’m ready to go. I texted Happy, he’s going to meet us at the door,” Tony told Steve.
“Shop?” Indy repeated.
“I love you so much,” Tony choked out, muffled against Steve’s hair.
When Steve came back with Indy he entered the living room to see his boyfriend still cuddled with Poppy sound asleep.
“Bucky, thank you. I’m sorry I had to wake you up,” Steve replied sincerely.
“Remind me to give you a raise,” Tony said groggily. “Or vacation time. Or a vacation!”
But he reminded me that Captain America wasn’t going to be taking care of that boy, Steve Rogers was. Same goes for you, Buck. Should the Winter Soldier raise a baby? No. But Bucky Barnes, that guy would be the best dad ever and I know that because of how great you are with Indy. Tony and I have talked about it, we’re pretty sure he thinks you’re his third dad.” Steve laughed and Bucky smiled shyly. “Buppy is your title instead of dad or papa. He can pronounce his K’s just fine, Buck. He just doesn’t want to say your name. You’re his Buppy.” Steve rocked to the side so his shoulder bumped Bucky’s.
“Tater Tot, hey. I’m sorry, baby.” Tony took him from Bucky and went back to the armchair, cuddling his boy in his arms. “Is he okay now?”
Rhodey stepped forward. “Thank you,” he said and shook the doctors hand. The doctor nodded and left them to talk.
“What is it, darling? You gotta help me out here.” Tony stood up straight and ran his hand up and down Steve’s back, trying to soothe some of the tension. Steve turned around quickly to face Tony.
“Buppy here,” Indy mumbled into his neck.
“I come,” Indy says, turning in his seat, ready to go. Tony steadies him with hands around his waist.
“That’s our good boy. Such a good boy for Papa.” Steve turned him around so Tony could see him again but he was blinking heavily now, ready to nap. Tony smiled at him.
At that, Tony looked up. "It would have been if he didn't destroy the fucking power source," Tony growled. "Listen, if you want me to get this done talking about Siberia is not going to help."
“There’s more,” she said. “Indy?” Indy jumped off Steve’s lap, leaving the bears there instead which Steve dutifully wrapped his arms around. Indy bounced over to Rhodey who held out the bag he was carrying. When Indy struggled to hold it and reach in at the same time, Rhodey put it on the table for him. Indy rooted around in the bag for a minute and then pulled out something that he quickly tried to hide in his small hands. He turned his back to Bucky and took the few steps over to him backwards. Bucky put his hand out once he reached him, steadying him.
“I just scared him accidentally. He hit me in the face to wake me up and I jumped out of bed. Didn’t realize what had happened at first so he got startled,” Bucky explained.
“Oh, Buck,” Steve uttered sadly. “This isn’t your fault. Not really.”
Steve set out to make Indy a bowl of oatmeal since he was still adjusting to eating different foods. The birthday cake he would try later would be the new food for the day. Tony sat next to Indy after grabbing a cup of coffee for himself.
"Why me?" Tony asked simply.
“Oh, they’re not both for him. I said he could pick out something for himself, something for Tony and then we’d all get some snacks and drinks. You wanna tell Papa which is for you and which is for Daddy?” Pepper ruffled his hair.
“I’m sorry you had to go through that, that’s awful,” Tony answered kindly. He started wiping down Steve’s chest.
“You won’t,” Bucky said seriously. “Can you see him before he goes in? Indy wanted to see him.”
When he reached the door to the guest room Bucky was in he debated what to do. “JARVIS, is Bucky asleep?”
Steve helped him hold it since there was no lid and Indy sipped carefully. “You like it?” Tony asked.
“Pa, want Pa!” Steve hurried over and scooped him up and Indy wrapped his arms and legs tightly around Steve. Bucky looked to Tony and Tony opened his mouth to speak but Indy beat him to it, unfortunately. “Da mad,” he cried.
Bucky smiled but shook his head. “Nah, it’s too late for me. I think I’m doing okay all things considered.”
“This is a snuggly blanket, buddy. We’re going to have to have lots of cuddles now,” Tony exclaimed.
Steve sighed, giving in for the moment. He looked back to Bucky standing behind him and gestured for him to step forward. "It's his arm," Steve said softly. Bucky stepped up next to Steve and made eye contact with Tony for the first time and offered a small smile, which kind of looked like a grimace. Like he knew how ridiculous it was for him to be asking for Tony's help. If he wasn't filled with so much anger at the moment Tony could almost appreciate that.
Bruce cleared his throat, giving Luca one more cursory glance before turning to Steve. “He’s dehydrated and he’s lost some weight. We’ll have to weigh him once we’re back but that is  concerning at this age, however, he’ll be able to get it back fairly quickly, we’ll just have to be careful with how much we introduce right away because his stomach might reject it initially. I’ll prescribe an antibiotic cream for the diaper rash since it’s more severe than it would normally be. Other than that I think he’ll bounce back with no issues.” Steve nodded and let out the breath he’d been holding. Bruce gently picked up the baby who was still naked after disconnecting the now empty IV. “I’m only giving him a little bit of fluid at a time so he’s done for now. Why don’t you try to lay Tony down. I’ll start on him and you can take Luca. I’d say keep the diaper off til we get back and just wrap him in a light blanket. You might get peed on but we need to let some air circulate to help his skin heal.”
“Assuming this is the same baby,” Steve added with a grimace.
“Thank you,” Steve replied sincerely.
“You ready out there?” Steve called from the kitchen.
“I’ll take the once for now,” he whispered. “He’s still too young to know what it means, Steve.”
“Indy, listen. You can’t hit people to wake them up or get their attention. You have to stop doing that because it’s not very nice,” Tony said somewhat sternly. They hadn’t really had to discipline Indy for anything since he’s been with them, and this wasn’t that big of a deal, but he felt it needed to be addressed at least.
“Wait, Buck,” Steve spoke up. “Can you, I mean if you don’t mind, can you stay in here? It just, it feels safer with us all together. I know its dumb,” Steve trailed off. Both Bucky and Tony started to disagree with that statement but Tony let Bucky take it since it was aimed at him.
“Just hang here for a minute, okay?” Tony asked. Bucky nodded. Tony exited the room swiftly expecting to have to track his boyfriend down but Steve was right outside the door, sitting on the floor against the wall across the hallway, head in his hands. “Hey,” Tony called softly. Steve didn’t answer but Tony heard his breath catch like he was holding back tears. He slid down the wall next to Steve, shoulder to shoulder. “It’s a lot to take in, huh?”
Tony took a deep breath, letting it out shakily. “I don’t know.”
“I love you, Tony. And you can do this. You have been doing it beautifully but you don’t HAVE to do it alone. You can’t keep up this pace. No one would be able to,” Steve let Tony go as he struggled to turn away. “It’s not a failure to share this with me, Tony. Even if you just pump a little bit so I can do some of the night feeds and you can rest a little more it would make a world of difference.” Steve approached Tony again, turning him gently. “You are going to be the best dad. You already have been. Doing this doesn’t mean you care any less.” He cupped Tony’s face in his hands and Tony let out the sob he’d been holding back. “Anyone that spends  even a second with you and Luca would see that you love him more than anything in the world.” Tony nodded fervently. “Maybe we could just try it out once, and see how it goes. See how Luca takes to a bottle and see if you get a little more sleep?”
“Which is a crime,” Tony stressed, “and exactly why we are going to watch it.” Tony left the room to work on the cocoa and Steve smiled to himself, content.
“Hey, be nice,” Tony said, catching the look. Indy softened.
“So, you heard what I said?” Steve asked nervously. Tony nodded, looking away from him.
“Buppy okay?”
“Tony?” Indy cried out.
“Of course,” Steve answered anyway, fixing the blanket so it covering just Tony now. “Tired, sweetheart?” Tony shook his head against Steve’s thighs.
“Feed him. I can give him more now that they’re gone, Steve, help. I know I’m dehydrated but he can have a little more til we get him to the hospital,” Tony replied frantically.
“What for? I said you were being good,” Bucky replied, confused.
“Perfect,” Bucky laughed sending it to Nat.  “Okay let me get my shirt on then we can go out there.” He already had on his khaki pants and a white undershirt. He pulled on his long sleeve white tee and sighed because he most definitely was not used to wearing this many bright colors. Once he was buttoned and tucked in he grabbed the light pink tie and stood in front of the mirror to tie it, grumbling to himself about the khaki/white/pink color choices that his best friend had made.  Indy had climbed off the bed and stood next to Bucky in the mirror as he finished adjusting the knot. He ran a hand through his newly short hair to make sure it still looked acceptable.
“Da,” he said, looking at Bucky like he couldn’t believe he didn’t know. Bucky bit back his laugh but Tony didn’t.
“Yeah,” he replied softly, looking at the therapist suspiciously now.
“Ready to see what I did while you were in the bath?”
“You’re his dad, I didn’t tell him to call me that, I promise,” Tony said so sincerely that Steve was more confused.
“Sure is. It’s almost time though so I’m going to take Poppy and you let Bucky help you get ready, okay? You’ve got the most important job here today.” Indy nodded, suddenly very serious. His ring bearer job was something that none of them could have predicted he would be so intense over.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony brushed off. “But he needs everything so we will be buying a lot, whether you like it or not.” Steve couldn’t argue that, so he rolled his eyes with a smile and started to change his clothes for the day.
“You like this little guy?” Indy nodded but hadn’t reached for it so Steve tucked the bear into his grip next to the shirt he was still holding. “You think we can give him a good home?” Indy nodded again, more sure of that.
“I know,” Tony replied, nodding.
He reached out and grabbed Indy’s arm, turning him back around. “Come on, give it back.” He took hold of the doll around its middle and pulled it out of the boys grip. Indy whined but Bucky ignored it. “Sorry,” he said to the mother who assured him it was fine as he handed the doll back to the girl who looked at him angrily. “Come,” he said as he grabbed Indy’s hand and walked him back toward the swings quickly.
“Dog,” he said simply, pushing the shape into Bucky’s hand.
“Let go,” Tony mumbled, but sounded so serious that Steve stepped back. “Get out.”
“How’s Indy?” Tony asked.
“I’m sorry,” Tony whispered, but Steve jumped anyway.
“Have baby?”
“And if they see you flying in they could kill him and cut their loss’s.” That brought Tony’s thoughts to an abrupt halt. “We already have people on the ground. Let them do their job and I will keep you updated.”
“My ah-ma,” Indy screeched from Bucky’s lap, pointing to the now soaking wet plush still in a puddle of coffee. It’s tan fur turning a dark brown where the fluid seeped in. Steve all but lunged for it, hoping to quell Indy’s cries but it really wasn’t looking good. He rang out the excess liquid on to the table but more than half the llama was stained. “Pa,” Indy sobbed. “Ah-ma broke.” Bucky rubbed the boys back.
Steve turned back to the stove and turned the burner off, took the pan and poured the noodle soup in to a small bowl. He left it on the counter to cool a little and turned back to Tony. “What would you pick? For a middle name?”
“Indiana. We are leaving. Now,” he said angrily. He grabbed Indy by the forearm as gently as he could but still all but dragging him to the car. Indy started to cry, kicking out in anger.
“Stevie,” Bucky whispered and Tony could see him looking to the side. “You’re okay. Tony’s okay and he’s on the phone. I’m going to show you.” Tony didn’t hear an answer but Bucky flipped the screen and suddenly Tony got a screenful of a beaten and sad looking Cap.
"I'm sorry," Bucky gasped.
“Pancakes?”
“No, Tony. It’s perfect. It’s perfect for him, and I love you for it.” Steve squeezed his hand.
***************
“He’ll be more worried not seeing you. I’m honestly surprised he hasn’t broken away from Bucky and Clint and stormed the room yet.” Tony smiled at him but Steve still looked unsure. “It’s been a rough few days for him, sweetheart. He hasn’t really slept, he kept asking for you. He needs to see your okay.”
I have a general plot for this but if there’s any day to day things you wanna see happen in the story with the boys, drop it in the comments! :)
“You gotta do it, kiddo,” he said, pushing it back. “Try to find the space it goes into.” While he attempted that, JARVIS announced that the rest of the guests had arrived together so Tony went to let them in. Natasha, Clint, Pepper and Happy all entered carrying gifts for the birthday boy.
Bucky returned a little while later with Poppy bundled in her fuzzy footie pajamas. She wasn’t crying but she was huddled against her fathers chest with her hand resting up by her ear protectively.
“That’s right, you wanna go find him?” Tony nodded toward the door and Indy squirmed to be let down. Steve placed him down gently and he ran off. “JARVIS, ask Bucky to watch him for a couple minutes before we go?” There was a pause before the AI responded.
Tony nodded. "I think we have a lot to work through but today was a good start."
And thanks everyone who keeps reading up on this little family. New chapter will be up tomorrow!
“It’s really early and little boys like you should still be sleeping. Come on,” he lifted the boy up and placed him back in the middle of the bed. “You can stay here with your dad and cuddle for awhile while I go do some work.”
“No, no, Tony, calm down, that’s not what I’m saying,” Steve rubbed circles on Tony’s back trying to soothe him.
“Buppy!” Indy scrambled to get down and Clint put him down quickly, grabbing the blanket that he was still wrapped in before it fell onto the floor. Indy ran the few feet over to Bucky and with his hands in the air and Bucky picked him up, hugging him close.
“That’s a new word,” Tony said. Steve picked Indy up again.
“I don’t think so pal, this ones all DNA. I remember seeing that exact pout on you when we were kids.” Bucky bounced Poppy in his arms as she looked around. Steve was staring at his friend but hadn’t replied. “What?”
“Well, I got him to agree to try and pump tomorrow so we can make a better schedule so maybe this won’t be an issue much longer.” Luca’s cries picked up in volume and Tony snuffled and his eyes shot open, lifting his head.
“Sure did, kiddo,” Bucky replied.
“Yeah, let’s go find him.” He stood, reaching a hand out to take Tony’s as they headed to the elevator.
“Hurted Da?” He asked.
Sorry it took so long! Next chapter will come quicker
“Do you, Steven Grant Rogers, take Anthony Edward Stark to be your lawfully wedded husband?”
“Hey, Buckaroo.” Bucky smiled.
“Hey, sweet boy,” he called softly as he walked toward the bed. Indy looked at him and smiled.
“So, what’s going on with this little princess, hmm?” Bruce asked Bucky.
“Yup,” Bucky replied. “Come on, kiddo.” Bucky took Indy easily and headed out the door.
“Yeah,” Steve answered as he stood. “I’ll look for the pacifiers.”
“I’m dirty,” Steve said, apropos of nothing. His eyes on his lap. There were wet wipes on the nightstand in the hospital toiletry kit so Tony grabbed them.
“Tony good?”
“Steve, I’m not worth this. Just let me go and you can have a nice life with your family.”
“Pa,” Indy answered between giggles. Indy must have woken up when Steve was getting ready to leave so he deposited him in their bed to sleep the rest of the morning with Tony. Steve and Natasha were handling a job for Shield and would be gone most of the day.
What seemed like hours later, though Tony had no real way to know, the man came back and announced it was one of Tony’s  twice a day bathroom breaks. He grabbed at the back of Luca’s onesie with one hand, bunching it up in his fist, and carried him over to the table that way, depositing him face down. Luca cried some more.
“Don’t remind me, kiddo. I’m trying to get her to sleep,” Bucky replied. “Maybe she’ll go down if she sees you in bed? You’re a big boy, she looks up to you.” Bucky was laying it on thick and Tony glanced over and smirked at him but Indy was considering it.
“Just hitting you now?” Steve asked with a smirk. Tony hit his shoulder playfully.
“Oh, it’s okay, sweetie. Come here,” Steve grabbed him under the arms and Bucky took the bears instead as Steve pulled Indy into his arms. He stood up with him and paced a bit. “I wasn’t trying to scare you. Daddy’s okay.” Indy sniffled and nuzzled into Steve’s neck. Rhodey and Pepper came out a short time later.
He wasn’t sure how we was going to get through the rest of the day, never mind the next four, and he wasn’t the one being held captive.
“Woke me up,” Tony mumbled. “Scary.”
“I want baby,” Indy said as he picked up the doll. The girl seemed okay with it so Bucky let it happen. “Buppy, see?”
“We can’t hear you if you hide like that,” Bucky told him. Tony pulled his head up and looked back at Clint.
Steve nodded. “Yeah I think so. I couldn’t even think straight when they started saying everything that was wrong with him. All the risks. I just wanted to see him. And then I called you,” he  shrugged.
Steve smiled and nodded. “And thank you for cooperating. I know you’re going to want to rush back to your workshop in the morning so we should head to bed early. But, it’s still too early even for that so what would you say to a movie and hot cocoa?”
“Tony I shouldn’t,” Steve protested.
Tony backed away to look Steve in the eye. “He’ll be okay.
“I’m going to clean this first, okay? It’s going to sting a little but I’ll be quick.”  He took out some saline and poured it over the cut, wiping it gently with some gauze to get rid of the dried blood. Once that was done he pulled out the antiseptic spray. “Okay, why don’t you hold Steve’s hand and squeeze as hard as you need to, okay?”
“I’m sorry you had to go through that.”
Tony quickly finished wiping down his abdomen and dried it with the clean part of his discarded shirt then held his hands out. “Come here, baby girl.” She reached her arms out immediately and Steve put her closer to Tony, smiling softly at how much she loved Tony already. Tony held her to his chest and she snuggled in, curling up small against him within her blanket. She started sucking her thumb as Tony patted her gently to calm her down. “Are you happy, Sweet Pea? Now neither of us have clothes on,” he whispered. Steve laughed at him.
“All right, knock it off,” Steve snapped angrily. “No more chatter. Stark, go home. You said it yourself we’re almost done here, no point in you hurting yourself.”
Tony felt eyes on him and glanced over to see Bucky was also awake and looking at him.
"'Cause he's your friend," Tony said flatly, echoing Steves words from their fight months ago.
“It’s a girl,” Tony offered.
“Indiana Grant Rogers.” Steve’s voice was stern and serious and it was clear from Indy’s bewildered expression that he had never heard that one before. “You do not hit people. You know that because your Dad just told you this morning.” Indy, who looked so headstrong and angry moments before, was now wavering between confusion and fear.
He was jolted awake by the feeling of something hitting him hard in the eye so he jumped out of bed on high alert, tripping over his tactical gear which he had stripped off before going to sleep, and looking around for the source. His attention was drawn back to the bed when Indy started crying softly. Right. He’d been sleeping with Indy.
“Thank you,” he said as sincerely as a 3 year old could and Tony smiled warmly at him.
“Good, that’s good.” Clint could practically feel the worry rolling off of Tony so he decided to distract Indy instead.
“Why are you crying?”
“Hey, Happy,” Steve returned happily. “Thanks for driving us.”
“Careful with Da,” he assured. Steve placed him laying alongside Tony. Indy rested his head on Tony’s shoulder and Tony put his arm around Indy’s back. Steve moved the bear so it was between Tony’s legs over the blanket and out of the way.
“Feed him now and once later tonight. Make it count,” she said in a mock friendly voice. They left him alone and Tony tried to rearrange Luca as best he could with one hand.
“Da,” he murmured around his thumb. Tony smiled.
"What about me?" Bucky asked so Steve wouldn't have to.
“Hi,” Tony said, then looked down at the baby still sleeping in his arms.
“I got away from Hydra about 10 months ago. As long as I don’t hear the trigger words I’m fine. I’m just me,” he answered quietly.
“Oh good,” Happy replied. “Is he going to be okay then?”
“Sounds amazing. I plan on keeping you the rest of our lives.”
Tony helped Steve take the hospital gown off, untying it on the side and pushing it off his shoulders, letting it fall to the bed. Steve was naked underneath and Tony got to see the full scope of the damage. Steve shivered which broke Tony from his trance and he grabbed the new clothes.
“Okay buddy, got something to tell ya,” Bucky said as he lifted the boy and placed him back on his lap, sideways facing Steve.
“I know, Tony, I know,” Steve said softly, stroking his thumb against the back of Tony’s hand. “You’ve been great through all of this. I don’t know what I would have done without you. And I know that you said first morning that you wanted to do this with me. But, now that things have calmed down a little and I’ve had a minute to think, I just wanted you to know that I’m not forcing this on you. Just because we’re together and I find out I have a kid doesn’t mean you’re life has to be disrupted too, that’s all. I can tell something’s bothering you and since you won’t tell me what it isI have to assume that you’re having second thoughts.”
“That’s- no, that’s not acceptable. We need to do better. Tony and Luca are not going to be able to handle this much longer. Tony could last as long as it takes if it were just him. Hell, he has in the past. But with Luca there, screaming and hungry,” Steve shook his head. “I can’t let them stay there. I’ll have to go to Shield myself and take him.”
“Hey there, Tator Tot,” Tony whispered. He rubbed the boys stomach, soothing him as he snuffled in his sleep. He slowly blinked awake, taking in his new position and the person holding him. He stiffened for a minute, startled, but then relaxed when he realized he was safe.
“Of course, I’ll let you know as soon as either of them wakes up.”
Tony hummed. “No, I think I’m good. Thanks for helping today,” he said, nodding toward Poppy.
“Ohh, Christmas. I guess that’s okay then,” Tony said, opening his eyes and pulling Indy into a hug. “Hello my little reindeer.” He kissed his son and then sat up. “Let’s get out there, shall we?”
They found Tony standing at a computer but he turned when he heard them approach. “Hi,” he said trying to sound cheery but Steve could see the nervous tension so he smiled reassuringly at his boyfriend.
“Uh oh.”
He’d said it already but every moment they had with Indy, Steve couldn’t help but be beyond grateful, so he leaned down and kissed the top of his sons head with a whispered “Happy Valentine’s Day, Indy.”
“Trial and error,” Bucky shrugged. Steve knelt up again and placed Indy over the water. He waited for the protest but when none came slowly lowered his son into the water.
“Maybe. Probably. She’ll be okay no matter what, you know that right?” Tony asked, because Bucky absolutely did not look like he knew that. He shrugged in response. “You’re fine aren’t you Poppy seed?” She waved her little arms at him and he grabbed one hand and slotted his finger into her grip. She squeezed it and didn’t let go as she kept up a string of gurgles and baby sounds which he nodded along to as if he understood her story.
Happy pulled up to the main entrance of their first stop. “Hey, Steve. You know us going out in public with him is going to be front page news right? You okay with that?” Steve sighed.
“You?” Steve asked playfully, looking down to where Indy stood between the two men.
In the living area he found Bucky watching a movie on TV and Indy asleep with his head in Bucky’s lap. Steve smiled despite his bad mood now.
“I have one more thing for you, sweetheart.” Steve took a pad of paper and a pack of crayons out of his bag. “Remember how I told you about Santa Claus? And how he comes on Christmas and leaves presents?” Indy nodded. “Well, he needs to know what you want so you have to write him a letter.” Steve moved Indy back to his seat and gave him the crayons. “I can you help you write the list but do you want to draw him a picture?”
Bucky glanced over through his fingers that covered half of his face. "Really does," he agreed.
“I - I’m sorry, Tony. If I did anything you didn’t like, or made you uncomfortable. I don’t have any experience with kids but I tried my best. I thought - I don’t know, I -“ he rambled.  Tonys head snapped up.
“You have to be in bed in order for Santa to come, Indy, remember?” Tony added from his spot on the sofa.
“I may have sent Happy to the store a couple days ago to get one. So we’d be ready when we ventured out.” Steve looked momentarily shocked, more choked up over a car seat than he really should be.
“Get the kid,” Bucky said, nodding to the cot. “I’ll cover you.” He raised the gun which he hadn’t bothered using before, but he couldn’t take the chance if a kid was involved. Tony stepped out of the Iron Man suit, ordering it to stand guard, and stepped over to where the child was laying.
“Shh. Stop apologizing. I’m the one who’s sorry.” He grabbed the hem of his shirt pulling it up and wiping it over his face. “Ugh. Seriously, breakdown aside, I’m the one who messed up here. I shouldn’t push you away.” Steve couldn’t help the small smile he had at Tony’s words.
“Yes,” Bruce answered. “She’s just going to be a little uncomfortable for a few days, but, I  promise she’ll be fine. For now, give her some meds to reduce her fever and help with the pain. Do you have some on hand?”
“Anyway, he was getting cranky at that and it was almost his nap time but I just had like ten more minutes worth of work so I left them to it. I look over a minute later and Indy is taking the smoothie I refused earlier from the bot and had it almost to his lips so I snapped at him and grabbed it. That’s why his shirts a mess, it spilled everywhere, but that was definitely more chemical then actual food. So he starts crying and telling me he wants it and going off and I told him just play for 5 more minutes and we can go upstairs and have a good snack.” Tony finally looked at Steve but Steve had a feeling he wasn’t going to like the end of this story.
“Robot,” Tony said, pointing at the armor as Steve walked in front of them. Bucky laughed.
“What was that, Tony?” Steve asked, gently pulling Tonys hands away.
He took a seat next to Bucky and Tony immediately tried to climb over to him. Steve took him but Tony thought it was fun to climb on him instead so Steve let him do what he wanted. Fury started to debrief them as Tony climbed around the side of Steve to try and get between him and the chair. Steve scooted forward so he was sitting on the edge allowing the Tony to sit behind him.
“And then Steve freaked out and called me,” Bucky interrupted with a smirk.
“So that’s a yes, then,” Tony stated as if it were obvious. “How lucky am I to have a boyfriend who would rather hang out with the killer of his boyfriends parents rather than his actual boyfriend?”
“Love you, Peanut.”
“He’s okay, Tater Tot. Uncle Bruce is helping Papa get better. This isn’t bad, it’s safe.” Indy grunted and whined as he pulled on Tony’s grip but Tony wouldn’t let go until Bruce was completely finished.
“It’s been one hour and twelve minutes, Captain.” Steve sighed. At least they got a decent nap in.
Tony shrugged. “He’s back, I just wanna see him.” Clint nodded.
“I don’t get that information, they just tell me what tests to run,” she said icily.
“Forever.”
“Da, for me,” he said, showing Tony the blue shirt by shoving it toward the man’s face. Tony laughed.
“Wow,” Indy echoed.
“Decided to join in?” Steve whispered so as not to interrupt the story.
“Change of plans, Happy.”
Tony quirked an eyebrow. “Oh, did he?”
“He loves you, Tony. Of course he’s coming for you.” He glanced down and the little boy had his neck craned back so he could see Bucky, maybe looking to see if he should believe him. Bucky tilted his face down and pressed a quick kiss to Tony’s forehead. Tony gasped slightly and stared at Bucky. “It’s gonna be okay,” Bucky said softly, ignoring the boys shock at a kiss.
“No.” Steve hugged Indy closer. “Last week.” He sighed. “I said yes. We just wanted to keep it to ourselves for just a little while. Enjoy it, just the two of us. We were going to tell you today actually, when we got back.” Steve laughed humorlessly. “And then we’d tell the team. But now,” he gestured with his hand.
Tony laughed, he couldn't help it, it was so ridiculous to think of Steve Rogers admonishing him for swearing again that he couldn't hold it in. Steve looked delighted. "No, no one does that but you, Cap," Tony replied as his laughter died down but he froze at the slip of the nickname. His breath came harder as he realized how comfortable he'd been for a split second before reality hit him again. To his horror he felt his eyes begin to burn with tears. He tried to brush it off as if he were getting back to work but the tears came quicker now and there was no hiding it even as he turned his back on Steve because Bucky was beside him still. "Shit," he mumbled. "I have to work on this why don't you both go watch TV upstairs or something," Tony tried, hoping they'd take the hint, but Bucky wasn't having that.
“Tony,” Steve whined, which Tony smiled at.
Steve nodded again, not trusting his voice. Tony resumed the chair he had sat in before, next to where Steve was crouched.
“Glad the baby’s here?” He asked.
“Was he in diapers when you found him, Buck? He’s a little old for them, right? I don’t even know,” Steve mumbled.
Steve set about sweeping up the glass shards, picking up and throwing away the largest pieces easily, and then vacuuming the entire area to make sure every little piece was found. He glanced over Tony’s way every once in awhile although since it was angled at the wall all he could see was his tiny feet hanging off the edge of the cushion. He was glad he stayed put for his time at least. His watch beeped when the 5 minutes were up so he put away his cleaning supplies and went back to Tony.
X X X X
Tony spent the entirety of the day in his workshop, keeping himself distracted with SI business but he knew he couldn’t leave things with Steve as it was. He made his way to their bedroom after asking JARVIS where Steve was.
“Hi sweet boy. You telling Bucky a story?”
“He took you from the place that wasn’t very nice, right?”
“Oh, I don’t know, Sweetheart.”
Bucky was already shaking his head. He stood abruptly, cradling her closer, and stepped away from the sofa putting space between himself and the doctor. “No,” he mumbled, shaking his head again.
Bucky sighed. “Where are you? You’re not making much sense. I’ll come to you, just tell me where.”
“Let me know if you need me to take a look at him,” Bruce said to Tony, a hand on his shoulder, before leaving the room.
Twenty agonizingly long minutes later for Steve and Tony, Bucky exited the conference room with a tired looking Indy in his arms.
“Uh oh,” Steve said. “What did your Da do? I bet he went overboard with it, whatever it was,” Steve said in a happy voice but with a look to Tony. Tony laughed.
Steve nodded and then briefly explained to Bucky what happened with Indy. Bucky was apologetic and blaming himself for leaving Tony to care for the baby full time.
“Did you play with your ducks?” Indy nodded.
“I’m so glad you’re okay,” Steve said, biting back tears now that they had a moment alone. “I didn’t think- I mean, I thought when I saw your armor damaged, that it killed you.” He did let out a small sob then. “I need you, Tony. I can’t lose you.”
"Are you okay, boss?" FRIDAY asked.
"Welcome home, Cap."
“Yeah, we have it,” Steve answered for him. Bruce stood with his things.
“I know,” Steve agreed. “Look, it’ll go by so quick and he’ll be right downstairs. But if at any point it becomes too much we’ll just go get him, okay?”  Tony nodded hesitantly.
Indy reached out, grabbed a chunk of banana, and stuffed it messily into his mouth. Tony smirked. “Good, you eat that I’ll be right here if you need me.” He gestured to his setup of monitors. “J, put an age appropriate cartoon on the TV for the munchkin, will you?”
“Sorry Buppy,” Indy whimpered. Bucky came over and ran a hand over his head.
“Look,” Tony started with no preamble. “I feel like a hypocrite using you as a babysitter all the time but Steve is upset suddenly and I don’t know why and I need to talk to him alone. Can you sit with Indy?”
Steve nodded. “Of course. Honestly, we told Bucky to end it if it became too much so that’s why he did. I hope you were okay with that, but he’s just been through so much.”
“Oh my God. Tony, you should have ice on that.” He stood quickly, went the fridge in the corner of the workshop and grabbed an ice pack out of the freezer. He wrapped it in a dish towel and brought it back, handing it to his boyfriend. “This is really bad,” Steve muttered.
“We weren’t really sure how much he would answer,” Steve replied.
Takes place one month after the conversation with Indy in the last chapter.
“Thanks for keeping her with you. Wanna walk over there with me?” He nodded in the direction of the lawn where it was set up for the reception. She agreed and he held his free arm out for her. She chuckled and looped her arm through his.
“I’m going to help you this time, sweetheart. Daddy can say good night to you after.” Indy whined but Steve whisked him out of the room before it could upset the baby.
“It’s okay, you’re okay,” he soothed as he continued the patterns his hands were rubbing on to Tony’s back. Tony sniffled and he knew he was holding back tears, though he couldn’t see his face at this angle.
“Da,” Indy repeated and held his arms out. Tony took him and gave him a hug and Indy reached around Tony. “Pa hug.”
Steve goes missing on a mission
Tony laughed softly. “Cute. That’s really cute, actually.”
“No,” Steve exclaimed quickly. “Buck, thank you actually. With everything going on we didn’t even think about the date in the file. I knew you said he was almost 3, but I wasn’t even thinking of birthdays. I’m glad you said something.” Steve shook his head. “I don’t wanna miss my son’s first birthday since we found out he even existed.”
“Here, lick it.” He held it in front of Indy’s mouth who very cautiously stuck his tongue out and touched it to the candy but didn’t move. Tony smiled and moved the candy around so he could get the taste. “It’s called a candy cane. It’s mint flavor. You like it?”
Steve nodded. “Yup. We all have our own rooms in the tower, so you’ll be staying with me, okay? But Bucky will be around too. He can hang out with us, right?” Tony looked much happier now. He nodded and reached a hand out to Bucky. Bucky held it for a second then booped him on his nose.
Indy bounced in his seat and said yes, looking most excited about the box of red and white candy canes. He reached out and ran a finger down one of them then looked at Bucky. “Look Buppy,” he said.
“Yeah I think I can handle that,” Clint replied. “Let me see him?”
Steve was surprised that it didn’t take more convincing. “Okay. Thank you.” He kissed Tony’s cheek.  “Now sleep.”  Tony chuckled but dutifully closed his eyes and tried.
“So, I had Pepper speak to the lawyers and draw up some official paperwork for the kid,” Tony  announced as he entered the kitchen. Steve was at the stove heating up some soup for Indy’s lunch.
"What do you think I should do?"
“Come back?” Indy asked through his sobs.
“What are you saying?” Steve asked.
Bucky smiled then looked over at Tony. “If you don’t mind another resident here, that is,” he asked. Steve scoffed because the idea that Tony wouldn’t want this baby here, even after the incident with Indy, was ludicrous.
“That name gets my vote too, if anyone cares,” Bucky said casually with a smirk, walking in to the room with Indy in his arms. Steve smiled.
“Really?”
“Hey, Darling,” Tony replied softly.
-Thank you Tony.
“Thank you,” Tony whispered. Bucky reached out and ran his thumb over the tears on Tony’s closest cheek.
“That would be great, thanks Buck. Indy, sit up.” He pulled Indy to a sitting position but Indy instinctively reached out for Tony nudging him in the process and earning a pained gasp from Tony.  “Indy,” Steve snapped, grabbing the boys hand before he did damage. “Gentle, remember? You okay?” Tony nodded but Steve could tell it hurt him. “Go with Bucky just for a little while and have a nice dinner then you can come back.”
“Buppy,” Indy whimpered upon hearing the name.
Steve nodded quickly. “Of course.” He plucked Luca off Peter’s lap and stood, spinning around in circle. “Hi, baby bug.” He placed a loud smacking kiss on the boys cheek and Luca giggled.
“Indy,” the boy replied, waving his hand at Tony again. Tony waved back.
“Tony-“ Steve started to protest.
Tony was shaking but he nodded in agreement. “Okay, tomorrow though? Not today?”
“Well, that’s good right? That’s all we needed. I already have JARVIS getting the money together-,”
“Not much you can’t accomplish when you throw some money around,” he answered flippantly.
“I brought you some warm milk. You want some? Maybe Papa will read you a story while you have a drink and you can calm down a little, hmm?”
“Hey, Peanut,” Tony called softly as he walked in, not wanting to rile him up.
“Cute,” She said simply.
This is short, it’s really just to bridge the last chapter and the next (because most of the next one is written already.)
“Because I can’t lose this and I feel like I’m going to,” Tony bit back sob. “Whenever something is going good it comes crashing down, I just, I can’t,” Tony stopped talking when he couldn’t continue anymore. Steve held him close whispering assurances that he wasn’t going anywhere. “Can we go see him?” Tony sat up, looking hopefully at Steve.
Tony hummed. “Papa. Are you going to be Papa?” Tony looked at him. Steve shrugged.
“Got it!” Clint exclaimed from behind them startling Tony. His arm was free and he brought it forward. Clint grabbed the cuff that was dangling. “One more second I’ll have this part off too.”
Tony nodded, scrubbing his hands over his pants. “Okay. I’m gonna talk to him.”
“It’s not a recording, Stevie. Tony’s on the phone. He’s going to meet us when we land. Hydra lied about everything, you have to believe me.”
Steve stepped over to his friend. “Buck, she’s good. She’s gonna get better in no time.” He rubbed circles on Bucky’s back, hoping to provide some comfort because Bucky looked beyond stressed at the moment. Steve waited for a response so Bucky finally nodded. “Why don’t you go give her the bath you were about to do, let her relax a little and calm down, huh?”
“Mmm, looks good. Daddy spoiling you with chocolate AND berries, huh?”
Tony stepped forward. “Security will show you out,” he told her as he gestured for the guard in the hallway. “Thanks again.”
The bathroom was so big that the toilet was around the corner of a wall from where the tub, shower, and sink were. He placed Indy on the mat next to the tub.  “I’ll be right over here. I’m just going to pee and then I’ll change you, okay?”  Indy nodded. Tony had only disappeared around the corner for about 4 seconds when he heard the sniffle.
“You like the basket?” Tony asked, laughing.
Tony shook his head against Steve’s chest. “I’m okay, really. I just hope he comes around because I do think she should live here. I’m just more worried he’ll want to put her up for adoption.” Steve pushed back to look at him.
“It’s been a rough morning, buddy. We love you, no matter what, but I don’t want to see you acting like this again, do you understand?” Indy nodded and started to cry softly. “You can’t try to hurt someone because you don’t want to listen. And you really shouldn’t say that you hate someone just because you’re mad at the moment. That’s not very nice is it? It hurts the other persons feelings.”
"I told Steve to go back for you, once we got back to the jet. He said your suit could call someone if you needed help. Is that true?"
"Thanks, punk," Bucky said. Steve grinned and went back to the tray, scooping noodles into another bowl.
“You were in bed?” Annie probed.
“Oh, Bubba. You have nothing to be sorry for. You protected him and kept him fed. You did everything you could while under their control. It’s gonna be okay now. We’re gonna get you both checked out when we get back. You both need food and fluids and a bath and you’ll feel so much better.”
“Who’s kissing you?” Tony asked happily. Steve rounded the sofa and plopped down next to Peter and Luca giggled, bouncing his hands up and down a few times in excitement.
“Ah-ma good. See?” Clint laughed.
Tony tried to pull away instantly but Steve held on, though he loosened his hold. “Steve, stop,” Tony choked out.
“Buppy!” The boy exclaimed once Bucky was in his sight.
“I’ll take her and get her strapped in,” he offered.
“No, I was just about to but I noticed she was warm before I even got all her clothes off.” Bucky glanced down at his daughter nervously.
Tony hummed in agreement around his mouthful. "I want more," he muttered around a mouthful of noodles, holding his bowl out. Bucky laughed but Steve stood up immediately grabbing the serving bowl.
“Thanks, Bruce. I appreciate you helping us once again,” Tony said as he walked him to the door.
“Hey, sweetheart. Bucky has something for you,” Steve said tapping Indy’s back with his finger.
“What are you trying to do?”
“He’s right, bud.”
“I know,” Bucky said. “But someone should, and I’m here. Promise I won’t lecture you,” he added. Tony huffed a slight laugh but nodded so Bucky could help lay him out flat.
Steve and Tony looked at each other then dove in to each take a side of Indy’s face and attack him with kisses. Indy giggled hysterically. They stopped when he started gasping and let him calm down. He leaned back against Steve’s chest and Steve ran his fingers through Indy’s hair. “You happy, sweet boy?” Steve asked his son quietly.
“There was no hope for this party lasting tonight,” he chuckled. Steve changed into pajamas and got into bed.
“You’re getting that for sure,” Steve assured him again.  “But you need a bunch of other stuff, too,” he reasoned.
“He’ll be right back,” Steve assured him. He moved his hand down to Indy’s stomach, resuming the small circles from earlier. “How’s your tummy feeling now? Any better?”
“Yeah, he got sick on quite a few things we gave him, we had to stick with really plain things and small amounts until he got used to more,” Steve offered.
Bucky stood up, cradling the baby carefully against himself. He looked down at the white bassinet with the tiny light pink mattress pad in it and a small coral colored dinosaur stuffed animal. Bucky touched it with a finger and smiled up at Tony. “Thank you for all of this, for everything.” Tony nodded but bounced Indy in his arms.
“Mr. Rogers do you think it would be okay if Bucky sat in for a few minutes instead? I know Indy wanted him to help with the puzzle and it might help since he was the one who found Indy as far as leading the questions?”
“Ah-ma,” Indy whined, reaching back toward the bed. Steve found the plush llama and pushed it into his sons outstretched hand.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for reading this! I will be making more standalone stories that feature Indy and Poppy and the rest so I hope you’ll check those out when they come! :)
“I’m Annie Scott. This must be Indiana?” She smiled at the boy who smooshed his face closer against Steve’s shoulder. Steve patted his back.
“Wash,” he told Bucky, holding out his thumb in front of the mans face. Bucky smirked.
“You wanna say good night to Poppy? Tell her to sleep so Santa comes?” Bucky asked. He sat the baby on the bed next to Indy and kept his hands on her so she stayed upright.
“Says his name is Liam,” Steve read. “Oh my god,” he exclaimed with a laugh. “His middle name is Anthony.” Steve shoved the paper at Tony who took it with an annoyed look shot at Steve. Tony gave the paper a cursory glance and then turned his attention to Indy, pulling the boy into his lap.
“Hey Peanut. Bucky called. He has Papa, we’re going to meet them now.”
“It’s true. And he needs you.” Steve sat up a little straighter, wiping his eyes with the back of his knuckles.
“Take things,” Indy muttered.
“Cuddle,” Tony exclaimed when it finally clicked what he was saying. “Is that it, Peanut? You want to cuddle?” Indy turned his head to nod at Tony and reached a hand out which Tony took right away and kissed.
“No. See Da?”
Tony brought Indy back out to the table so he could place the llama in his seat. “JARVIS, ask Barnes if he’s busy and if he’s not have him come up.” A moment later JARVIS announced that Bucky was on his way. He heard a tentative knock on the door so he went to get it, leaving Indy with his llama for a moment. He opened the door and Bucky looked surprised even though JARVIS must have told him it was Tony who called on him.
“You could talk to someone too, you know? I could bring someone in, get them vetted and they could sign an NDA,” Tony offered.
“We ready to head back?” Clint asked.
“Yes, I am,” Steve shouted. “I am because that’s what everyone’s been telling me since I became this,” he gestured to himself and continued angrily.  “And I never wanted that. I never wanted the attention or the fame or any of it and I still don’t. But, I AM Captain America and that is Tony Stark. Iron Man is special. We are special. And that is our son and I won’t stand here and let you tell me now, when its not convenient for Shield to help, that we’re no different from anyone else.” Steve’s fists were clenched at his sides and he was breathing heavy and Natasha quietly slid between Steve and Fury, pushing gently on Steves shoulders to back him up. Steve broke his eye contact to look at her instead. She nodded slightly, letting him know subtly that she agreed with him but fighting with Fury wasn’t helping.
“Yeah, unfortunately.”
“So I came in here to find my son Indy but all I see is this small animal.” Tony crouched down in front of him. “What are you, a squirrel?”
“For me,” he shouted happily. His parents laughed.
I keep putting out short chapters just to get some content out, but at least you get the results of the DNA test!
"I made Mac and cheese," he announced. "I'm not a great cook but I think I've perfected this at least." He smiled hopefully.
“Yeah. Good. Thank you, Tony.” Steve pulled Tony back down against him. “Love you.”
“Yup, we’re ready, Cap,” Tony yelled back. He picked Indy up quick, removing the booster seat from the chair and setting it aside and keeping a hold of Indy while Steve brought out the cake. It was a single layer yellow cake with white frosting and Avengers decorations creating a scene on top. There was one candle shaped like the number 3 in the center. Steve started up the happy birthday song and everyone joined in somewhat quietly so it didn’t overwhelm Indy and Tony could have kissed every single person there for it because his son looked happy. Not panicky. He did look a little bit like he thought everyone had gone crazy, but that was okay. He kissed his temple and whispered that he loved him as Indy stared at the cake Steve placed at his seat.  “Wow. That’s your cake, baby.”
“Um, what’s happening?” All of the Avengers eyes shot up to see Peter standing in the entry way of the living area.
“I know.” Steve’s phone beeped, signaling the end of the three minutes. “Indy come over here, please.” The boy jumped up and ran over but hesitated just shy of slamming into his parents legs. Steve reached out and put his hands on Indy’s shoulders. “Can you tell me why you had a timeout?”
Indy peeked out and turned in Steve’s lap so he was sitting sideways. He grasped the paper and tore the piece Steve had started then looked up to his dad for confirmation that’s what he should be doing. Tony took a quick picture. “That’s it, Peanut. Tear it all off. See what it is,” Tony said excitedly. With his Papa’s help he finally managed to get it unwrapped and he was very happy about the bright, colorful book about animals.
“I wanted to check on them,” he answered, looking at the screen.
"Hey Stevie," Bucky answered with a little smile.
“Yes, please. Do that now. Tell him to hurry.” Bucky hurried over to the living area. Indy was now sitting beside Poppy who was sitting in her playpen. “Kiddo, we have to go out.” He walked up behind the boy and pulled him to his feet then picked Poppy out of the playpen. He situated her on his hip and then reached his free hand out for Indy’s. “Come on.”
“Buppy, safe.”
“Will do. I love you guys. Hey Pete, flip the camera.” Peter changed back to the front facing camera and gave a little wave to Tony. “Thanks for being cameraman today,” Tony laughed. “And for keeping my boys company.”
“Should be with the baby,” Tony mumbled.
“Papa!” Indy yelled suddenly, startling the three men. “You woke him and I wasn’t going to.” He stuck his lower lip out in an even more exaggerated pout.
“You can hang out if you want,” Tony said simply. Bucky looked hesitant. “Listen, sit down for a sec.” Bucky did. Tony sighed. “Rationally, I know that Hydra was in control of what you did. I get that. You’re a victim. Just like Indy is a victim. Hydra sucks, and they’re to blame for everything. I know all that in my head.” Tony looked down to make sure Indy was still sound asleep. “But, I can’t help that when I look at you I see your hands strangling my mom to death. And killing my father. I don’t want to see that but I do. And that’s on me, I have to work through it but your Steve’s friend and Indy’s, well, family. He loves you. So, my exile of you is maybe unfair to them. So, from now on you can do what you want. This shouldn’t be some other form of prison for you. Go where you want in the tower, talk to Steve and Indy whenever you want even if I’m in the room. Okay?” Bucky opened and closed his mouth unable to formulate worlds. When he finally could he looked Tony in the eye.
*One week later*
“I found something else at the base in Indiana,” he said nervously.
“Steve?” He asked, though he could more or less tell what probably happened. Tony nodded.
Indy nodded happily, eyeing the puzzle she had placed on the table. “Papa,” Indy said, pointing to the puzzle that was just out of his reach.
“Love you, Buppy.”
Bucky turned slightly looking pained. “Steve,” he mumbled.
“My birday, Buppy,” Indy said happily. Bucky laughed. He looked back to Tony who hadn’t left the room yet.
That’s how long it had been now, Tony being fed the bare minimum once every morning and Luca feeding twice a day. Steve barely slept himself, unable to tear his eyes off the livestream. Peter was much the same, although Steve forced him out of the room and into bed every night to at least attempt sleep, even if he only managed a few hours.
“Where you were born,” Steve added, speaking up for the first time since they entered the room.
“Don’t wanna lose you,” Tony whispered, turning his face into Steve’s chest.
“I heard them say maybe twenty minutes,” Bucky answered softly so as not to disturb Steve.
“Want Da and Pa and Buppy,” he said looking annoyed that they weren’t understanding.
“He’s crying,” Tony replied, waking more and sitting up. He threw a glance over his shoulder to make sure Steve was still asleep but he had his back to them and was dead to the world.
“Hey, sweetheart,” he said kindly, leaning on the back of one of the chairs.
Steve stood as Annie did and held out his hand to shake. “Thank you, for everything. We’ll be in touch.”
“Hey, did you see the jet?”
“If you’re talking about planning and buying for a small gathering of our close friends with a reasonable amount of decorations and gifts, then yes.” Steve gave Tony a look and the latter shrugged noncommittally. Steve laughed. “Fine, let’s go.”
It seemed to take ages but the buzzing did in fact stop, yet Tony continued to stare, wondering if he'd get a voicemail or a follow up text. He couldn't say he wasn't curious. 30 seconds later another buzz. A single, deafening buzz to indicate a voicemail. Tony let out the breath he didn't realize he had been holding in a rush. With a shaky hand he picked up the phone, flipped it open and pressed the message icon before he could chicken out.
"Boss," FRIDAY echoed suddenly. "Rogers is asking for an update."
"You tore the team apart," Tony said, sounding disgusted. "For him. Was it worth it?"
“Love you,” he said as he pressed his face into Tony’s shirt.
Everything was going perfectly. Until it wasn’t.
“Before Bucky took you away what were you doing? Do you remember that day?”
“You look cute,” Steve said wistfully. Tony rolled his eyes but Steve caught the small smile before he dipped his head to Steve’s chest. He cupped the back of Tony’s head with one hand and brought the other to Tony’s waist. “I don’t want to fight with you, but I do think it’s time we readdress the milk situation.”
Steve looked hurt but he had enough sense not to fight back.
“Well, no. I mean not at first. But he’s in timeout as punishment for taking something that wasn’t his so that takes care of that part, but I feel like there might be more to it than just that doll at the park.”
“I’m tired,” Tony mumbled.
“I just told him it was nap time and he refused. I told him if he wanted to stay on the sofa he could but he had to at least try and rest and he started crying.” Tony buried his head in Steve’s neck, sobbing. Clint waved his hand as if to illustrate his point. “I picked him up off the sofa and stood him up so we could go to the bedroom but he pulled himself away from me and started swinging at me and kicking. I yelled at him to stop and that I was going to tell you how he behaved which made him more angry and then he grabbed that award Stark Industries got,” Clint nodded in the direction of a very heavy looking award laying in the midst of glass. “I tried to grab it but he chucked it at the end table which shattered the glass top, hence the mess.” He spread his hands out, shrugging.
He stood up and carefully rearranged Tony who stayed asleep throughout. Steve ended up with Tony on his hip, arms and legs wrapped around Steve and Steve’s arm supporting his weight under his bottom. Tony, even unconscious, instinctively gripped Steve tight so that left one of Steves hands free. He approached Bruce and Luca and ran a hand through the boys fine hair. Bruce had taken off the onesie and diaper and Steve could now see what he couldn’t on the screen.
“Sit in his spot there Steve, I’ll put him in your lap.” Steve sat, not questioning it, and just like that the seating arrangement was fixed. Bucky caught Tony’s eye and gave a small smile and nod. Tony nodded back.
Steve and the doctor had tried to convince Tony to pump so that they could have a supply of milk on hand so that Steve could handle some of the feedings but Tony outright refused. He kept saying that he was a hundred percent committed to his son and didn’t feel like he needed to pump because what else would he be doing that was more important than feeding Luca?  Steve had pointed out that the answer to that question was that there was a lot that Tony would need to be doing and sharing the responsibility with Steve would make everything easier. Tony’s only goal was to be better to his son than his parents were to him and he was taking a stand on this pumping issue, however irrational, so Steve had let it go for the week. But now....
