John bit the inside of his lip as his gaze traveled above those eyes to a mess of dark curls tumbling in waves across that equally pale forehead. Curls that looked soft and wild all at once. Curls that would feel so damn good running between fingers. The head those curls belonged to was draped back against the wall along with the slender, suit-clad back of the tall body, hands shoved into tailored pockets and legs crossed at the ankle. Bored. The position of an incredibly bored person.
Sighing, Greg scoots a bit down in his seat and lowers his voice, glancing around before murmuring, "Listen, I, uh, had a word with Paul."
"I'm sorry," Sherlock breathes. He doesn't know why he's sorry but he is. He's sorry he's not different. He's sorry he's not someone John can be with. Can be
Slow is not just for John's benefit. Sherlock may not be a virgin but it has been a while and a little guidance from his gorgeous lover would be helpful.
"Irene Adler," the girl flutters her lashes and sticks out a dainty hand, nails red as blood as she wiggles her fingers. "Pleased to meet you, John."
Sherlock kneels, gathering the rather heavy textbooks he'd been balancing in his arms, panic swelling as the students around him continue to walk to class, trampling all over his work.
The man currently curling his body around Sherlock like some poisonous snake, is big. A bit taller and much broader than Sherlock himself, dark hair pushed up and gelled within an inch of its life, John can only see a side profile but even from here he can tell the guy is a complete wanker. He dips in closer which is when Sherlock appears to register someone beside him and side-steps away with a scathing look though the bloke is undeterred, following the move, hand still at the base of Sherlock's spine and moving lower to swell of his arse and sturdy earth beneath John's feet shakes as he barrels forward, red fraying his vision at the edges as he watches some stranger hit on his boyfriend.
The bed was so cozy and nice and he tried to wrap himself up in it. He waited to feel Sherlock near him, preferably on top of him. When nothing happened, he tried to move again, finding it increasingly difficult. Why did his limbs feel so heavy? Why couldn't he open his eyes?
Flicking quicksilver eyes up in confusion to John's face, Sherlock looks lost for a beat before realization dawns on him and he smiles that gentle, private smile John swears is just for him, saved for when John does something particularly clever and John's heart turns over in his chest, quite pleased with that reaction. Spinning around and dropping down quickly, Sherlock faces away from John and presses his cheek against John's sternum, hand coming up to rest on John's stomach, snuggling as close as possible and sighing quietly, warm breath seeping through John's t-shirt and into his skin.
"Alright," Paul nods in agreement, giving John's shoulder a gentle squeeze. "I'll probably stay here with Mike tonight seeing as there is a plethora of alcohol around, but I'll get on watch first thing tomorrow."
Beaming to the small crowd, the blond boy grins and nods his responses pleasantly, seeming quite comfortable and in his element, clearly used to being the center of attention, and Sherlock is just about to make his escape, half turning on a heel well-
John, on the other hand, looks mortified. He starts stammering out ridiculous words and Sherlock scrambles to a sitting position,
Cold air brushed over John's hips as Sherlock rocked back on his knees, then he was moving down John's chest again, licking and biting his skin. John's breath caught as Sherlock moved lower, dipping his tongue into John's naval. He bit softly at the skin below that, brushing soft kisses over the reddening area.
"Fuck, yeah I- Oh I… like it I like it… give it… to me," he's practically sobbing, his neglected cock suddenly thickening without being touched, thumping harshly against his stomach as he rides John faster. "Don't… stop…"
"No!" Sherlock cries a bit too quickly and a bit too loudly, prompting two troubled pairs of eyes to land on him in surprise. He swallows his embarrassment and looks down, ignoring the stare of his two friends only trying to help but whenever they mention John Watson helping with anything these days it only makes the genius boy panic, just hearing the name making his throat go dry and his heart race. He steels himself with a silent inhale and exhale. "I- I mean… Don't tell John. Don't… he doesn't need to… to know. You know how he gets."
And why John was already getting defensive about Sherlock before the new guy had even breathed a word spoke volumes about how deep his feelings for his editor were starting to go. He shoved aside his rambling thoughts and focused on the events unfolding before him.
"It's nothing," Sherlock mumbles to the covers, still avoiding eye contact, though he leans into John's touch. "He… he just pointed out that I don't, you know, have many friends and that this-… that you're straight and that… he said you'd never… want… me."
Taking another step closer, Sherlock brushes a hand over top John's, just a gentle but reassuring touch that yes, he can have him if he wants him. That yes, Sherlock will say yes to whatever John wants.
The way Sherlock's lips curve into the sweetest 'o' makes John pounce on him again, devouring that hot, untouched mouth, slipping his tongue between those lips and tasting a smokey tang mixed with sweetness from the juice he'd been sipping.
Narrowing his eyes slightly, although allowing himself to be cautiously pleased, Sherlock doesn't get the chance to answer as Mike swings an arm around his shoulder and lifts his beer in excitement, jostling Sherlock in his grasp.
Sherlock didn't wait for him to finish before turning to hurry down the steps. His sentiment was useless anyway. He'd never be as sorry as Sherlock was. Not ever.
Mike groaned. "Yes John, we all know, Sherlock kissed you that fateful Sunday morning, then kicked you out of his flat, then quit your class the very next day, never to be seen or heard from again. It's been a long week of the same conversation. Can we get to step three of the moving on process yet?"
Sherlock cocked his head as John continued to ramble. This was the first time John had come to his office hours, and if Sherlock were being honest, it was rather nice to see him outside of class. It held possibilities that those single hours in the morning three days a week just didn't. It had been five days since their chat after class, and Sherlock had been a bit disappointed when John hadn't shown up for his Tuesday or Thursday hours.
"Don't pity me," Sherlock spits irritably before huffing. "I'm not some fragile thing. I'm just saying that it's one thing to go to Mike's and drink a beer and play a game and a whole other thing to go out to a new location with additional people and surroundings. It's different. It'll be different."
That isn't exactly surprising but John's heart still sinks to his stomach imagining a lonely Sherlock Holmes roaming the halls of a school no one cared about him in. "Yeah I sort of guessed," John replies sadly. "I mean, he doesn't seem to do much besides school stuff."
That seems to get Sherlock to interact in the snog again, sweeping his tongue deeply into John's mouth as though trying to taste the filthy words. He strokes his tongue in time with his hand, delivering pleasure to either end of John's body, becoming increasingly better with every twist and every lick.
"Come on, it's a bit poetic," John cackled, pulling Sherlock closer under the pillow. "The Holmes brothers both started relationships on the same night, assisting each other in the process. So romantic."
"And…" Paul swallows hard, meeting John's eyes with something akin to panic and John's insides flip uncomfortably, tossing his heart into his throat and his stomach down to his toes, cold goose pimples racing their way up along his skin and making him shiver. "John, his friends… they all started fucking
The knowing smile is immediately full across his face, his partner so transparent and so precious Sherlock has the impulse to clutch his phone to his chest and squeal in delight.
?" Sherlock whips his head around and hisses frantically, searching at the corners of his eyes for any eavesdroppers nearby. "People actually know him here. He isn't my
But that could wait. That could wait for a very long time as far as Sherlock was concerned. That could wait until John was ready for it. Because there was absolutely no way Sherlock would push that on his lover. Absolutely not. Of course he wanted John in every single way, but first and foremost he would take care of him. He would love him unconditionally. And if that meant no penetration, then that was fine by Sherlock. It really and truly was.
The way John is kissing him is a clear indicator he feels the same way but seeing as they both just came, Sherlock can already feel the heated kiss waning to something calm and tender.
Irene Adler snorts a sardonic little laugh and drops down into the seat across from him, propping her elbows up on the table and Sherlock can practically feel her scrutinizing him. "Awe, come now," she croons, "tell me why the boy genius in my Chemistry class is hiding out in a dusty corner, glaring daggers into a textbook I'm certain has done nothing to deserve it. No team spirit in that thin but rather enticing body of yours?"
"Woah, hey, where are you rushing off to?" Irene snaps and Sherlock hastily gathers his papers and all but slams his laptop shut, scrambling to shove them into his book bag as quickly as humanly possible, ignoring the telling crinkling of papers and
And this was Sherlock's mother. He was certain she would be prepared with some sharp, biting remark that was so cleverly underhanded he'd have to do a double-take as to if he should be offended, like Sherlock always seemed to do.
," Irene spits and for once the nickname doesn't sound playful and fun but nasty and disgusted. "Are you really this clueless?"
"Yeah, 'm good," John turns back to his captain with a quick nod and a tight smile, hoping maybe the pressing matter of practice will make this inquiry short and sweet. "Just, you know, long night and all that."
And after what could have been eternity, Sherlock is finally on the back of John's bike, cuddling close and breathing him in.
But those moments…oh how they'd stuck with Sherlock. The smell of John's shampoo, a clean, simple scent, mixed with the musk that had to be all John lingered in Sherlock's nose after an encounter like that. The feel of John's muscular arm brushing Sherlock's lingered on his sleeve like a burn, scorching right through his shirt and onto his skin, branding him with the strength he was certain lie within John's slight but obviously powerful body.
He hooks his foot into the saddle and pulls himself up, exhilarated by the mere fact that he is doing something he's dreamt about since laying eyes on this beautiful mare. He's wanted to ride freely into the meadow on this wild steed, formal wear and rules be damned.
"Yes, but they also text message each other incessantly," John counters with a brow raise. "They text about nothing and everything and it's obnoxious to everyone else around them but it doesn't matter because they want to talk to each other all the time."
. Including mummy and daddy dearest. And I'm sure you haven't forgotten what happened when they found out about me."
Something like worry flashes through green eyes before Sherlock masks it with indifference, a cool blankness that doesn't fool John Watson for a moment, trained all too well by now in the features of his boyfriend. "Well. I wouldn't overdo it," Sherlock says haughtily, inspecting a spot of balled fabric along the comforter like this conversation doesn't interest him in the least, refusing to look anywhere near John. "You never know what kinds of injuries can go acting up again later on."
And so things went back to what they were; festering, terrifying, confusing feelings that simply would have to be controlled.
Of course, that had all changed the night John had convinced Sherlock to have a few drinks with him just before Christmas. A few drinks turned out to be Sherlock's limit, as he lay on the floor of their small dorm room, babbling away about chemical mixtures and experiments John just
"Yes, John?" Sherlock replied, not turning from his hunched position over the table as he distributed the plates.
And John tells himself that it'll be fine. That today will be long but it will be event-free and he will get his schoolwork done and go to rugby practice and find Sherlock waiting for him on the sidewalk afterward and all will be right.
Apparently, the animal currently scraping at the ground and howling its fury didn't get the memo that Sherlock is gay.
"That being said, I ask that you please heed my warning when I say I am no good at any of this. I have no experience in this area and I don't want to ask you to be with me, only to disappoint you. I want you to be aware of all the facts before you make your decision."
"Listen to me, Sherlock Holmes," Irene bites back, practically in his face. "I'm trying to help you, here."
"I started experimenting with cocaine at age thirteen," Sherlock began, and John sat very still, giving Sherlock his full attention. "I found that my mind ran at a much faster pace then most others, and I became bored very easily. Most of the time, I felt as though I were spinning out of control, my thoughts a jumbled mix of so many different topics. I couldn't focus, I couldn't think properly. Most people found that I was rude and arrogant and couldn't be arsed to care about their feelings. But the truth was I had so many other things going on in my head, I didn't have time to process their emotions. I couldn't care because I was distracted. Cocaine made me...sharper. I was able to focus better, pay attention to things easier. I didn't feel out of control. I felt very much in control. And it was an…addictive feeling to say the least."
They rounded the corner down the all too familiar corridor now, before John felt a firm hand on his bicep and a forearm over his chest. He couldn't stifle the
"John," he only barely hears over the music before long fingers are covering his, gripping his hands and holding them in place as John's hips rock again, moving his backside to meet John's every push.
Sherlock should have better control over this, of that he is certain, but it's only gotten progressively worse. He's gotten used to the constant ache, of the steady thump in his abdomen, of the whispered
The brain of Sherlock Holmes is very much not on today as he blinks uncomprehendingly in reply, the boy in front of his taking every ounce of his attention and the box he's holding making not a single bit of sense.
"Just be…aware," his father murmurs in his hair, holding him to his chest like he used to when Sherlock was young.
Sherlock nods hastily. He attempts a few broken breaths before he quits trying and just gulps air when he can.
Sherlock thought for a moment, then: "What happened with your most recent attempt at a relationship?"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John. "Seeing as I'm your teacher," Sherlock said as slowly and as coldly as he could muster, "I do not believe that would be a good idea."
. Since getting together, because John insists they are now together, Sherlock has not actually seen John outside of their dorm room until earlier today at the rugby game. Which was essentially a bust considering Sherlock had been so nervous he'd bolted as the final whistle blew, unable to stomach what it would be like seeing John in view of the entire rugby team and all its fans, too terrified of having their perfect happy little bubble burst wide open with something as ugly as reality, too scared to find out that maybe John is very different in a public setting and being together out in the real world means something entirely unlike what they are in private.
John is already looking at him, smiling broadly, hands dug in his pockets, bound in his navy rugby jacket that lights up his eyes.
He should be used to this by now, this intrusive little chat she seems so hell bent on having constantly. This has become their new norm.
John was always so gorgeous in the morning. All lazy smiles and sleep-warm skin and contented sighs.
Then he dropped to his knees. John let out a strangled gasp, digging his fingers into those messy ringlets and looking down, blue eyes dilating to black as he took in Sherlock's face so close to his cock. "Sherlock," he breathed as Sherlock flicked open his flies and dragged his jeans and pants to his thighs.
"Not here," he whispered, and pulled John to the waiting taxi. John went along, still caught up the whirlwind of anger and hurt his sister had just dropped into his life.
He's staring lovingly down at his phone as another text pings in and the softness in his chest begins to heat up.
And yet again, like a guiding force, there is John Watson, pushing Greg backward and into their huddle, pulling the team back into focus, encouraging them to ignore the low blows and the illegal hits and play the game,
"Jesus Christ," Sherlock breathed with such bitter irritation, John took a step back. "Fine. I'll leave."
voice suddenly fills the air around him and it takes every effort he has left not to spin around and wrap his arms around the body that belongs to that voice, so unbelievably happy to hear from the one person he always wants to hear from, who can actually make sure he gets home safe, the one person that
And watching him sweat and run and jump and slap his mates on the back and smile when they scored for forty unbearable minutes, Sherlock is ready to get
The metal doors lining the inside of the locker room rattle with the strength of Greg Lestrade's shout as the rest of the ruby team falls silent, every mouth snapping shut and every eye turning to find their red-faced captain glaring out at the sea of them, though the corners of his mouth twitch as his team obeys him.
Sherlock forced a condescending snort, masking the fact that John was spot on. "I'd appreciate it if my students paid attention during my lectures."
"Baby," John groans, abandoning his own pursuit of getting Sherlock undressed and instead assisting with his own clothing, tearing his shirt clean over his head and reveling in the immediate touch of his lover's long fingertips snaking up his naked torso with purpose. "Christ."
Ah. And yet another question. Did John want to see him outside of school? Or was this more of an on-site type of situation? If only-
John scraped a finger under his eye to catch a tear, looking away as if he had any chance of hiding it from the every observant Holmes the elder.
Which reminded Sherlock of his phone buzzing a few minutes previously, hopefully with some news from his favorite Sergeant. Sliding out of bed and rummaging along the floor, Sherlock found his discarded jeans and dug into the pockets, retrieving his mobile.
Dark jeans hug John's hips and slink down his thick, stocky legs to meet tanned dockers, laced in the front and newly polished.
that. He hates the idea of not being there, not defending Sherlock at every turn, at every blind corner, which is ridiculous he knows but he can't help the raging beast growling in its cage deep in his chest, prepped and ready to burst free and protect what's his.
Sherlock nodded. "We're making an agreement. A boyfriend's agreement. I will be mean to Victor and you will move. Deal?"
"Are you trying to drive me mad?" John growls. "I'm trying to remain sane here but... fuck, you're not making it easy." He tugs down Sherlock's breeches and pants. Sherlock's rapidly filling cock springs free. "God, I want to suck you off," John says, taking Sherlock's shaft in hand.
Sherlock nodded thoughtfully. "Surprisingly, I did enjoy myself, yes. I don't... no one has ever taken interest in my work before you," Sherlock was seemingly lost in his own thoughts. "It was odd to be able to add two more people to that list tonight, when there hadn't even been a list at all until last week."
"It wasn't all night," Sherlock frowns at John's back. "Just the… end. Victor just poured the shots. And then I drank them. Three of them. I drank three shots. And Victor poured them. Victor has nice clothes."
Watching the blurry droplets of tears fall down his cheeks and onto his comforter, Sherlock lets this moment of vulnerability swallow him whole for just a few minutes, just in the few quiet moments when no one else is near, Sherlock weeps for the loss of his first, and very best, friend John Watson. He weeps for the beautiful months they'd spent together, the perfect link they'd formed. He weeps for big, brilliant smiles and round, shimmering cobalt eyes and loud belly laughs. He weeps for nightly dinners and teasing giggles and fond headshakes. Christ, it
The article read in bold letters. John took three tries to sort out what the meaning of the words were. The picture below it went a long way in explanation, showing John and Greg sitting side by side at their usual table in the courtyard. John was staring up at his friend, lips parted as though in awe, looking oddly smitten, which wasn't helped by the fond smile Greg appeared to be throwing in John's direction.
He should have shouted. Screamed that Sherlock was the pervert, the sick boy with sick thoughts, luring John in like some predator to his prey, making him feel these things he knew were wrong. He should have bloody
"Mm, Italian," John beams as he shuffles out of the cab, immediately taking Sherlock's hand as they step out onto the sidewalk. "You already know the way to my heart."
"Thank you," John's voice filtered into his ears sometime later, his frail body leaning over Sherlock. "That was... good of you."
"Is this alright?" John whispers, lips still touching Sherlock's as he wraps a hand around Sherlock's cock.
"Come, Sherlock," John is muttering breathlessly. "You dirty boy, I know you want to. Come for me. Do it, Sherlock."
He has yet to stoop that low in the last week, avoiding touching himself at all costs. Mainly because he'd believed himself better than that.
Pleasure rippled warmly all over his body as John cried out, fingers digging into smooth skin, legs tightening around slender hips.
s like bloody school children as Sherlock ducks his head and jogs over to stand beside Greg, yelping a startled laugh when Mike gives him a smack to the arse on his way by. He snaps a horrified stare in John's direction, the twinkle in his eye giving away the fact that he's entirely comfortable in this setting with these boys he knows well now and John's insides warm at the sight.
"I guess it was just us then, huh?" John teases, prodding Sherlock in the ribs with a smirk. "Everyone else knew about us before we did?"
"You look at my face when you talk to me," Irene continues as though that's the simplest answer in the world. "Not my lips or my neck or my chest. You look right in my eyes. That's how I knew you were gay. No straight boy ever misses a chance to ogle."
"You're an arse is what you are," John retorts, snatching a beer from Mike's grasp and glaring at his roommate over the top as he takes a sip.
"What?" John spat, snapping the word off, knowing full well he'd just given himself away entirely as he snapped his jaw shut.
"We are going to do whatever you'd like," John murmurs with a squeeze to his hand. "We're going slow until you're ready for more."
John looked down at the ground. "Honestly, it's a bit fascinating." He smiled at his shoes. "Sherlock himself is fascinating. And, well. This stuff. It's important to him." He nodded at Sherlock's back at the top of the stairs.
you're good at something you've never done before," the blond boy glowers playfully, brows pinched sternly as his lips continue to pluck up at the corners. "You're going to kick our arses, aren't you?"
"Fine, fine," John grumbles and Sherlock refuses to watch him get out of bed, certain if he does he'll be in great danger of just dragging him back under the covers and never emerging again. "But I need to shower."
that stupid, brilliant smile, looking quite chuffed with the situation and himself for getting Sherlock into it. Rolling his eyes, the genius can't quite fight the grin on his face and John laughs, giving him a nod of approval before turning back to his own teammate. With a happy little warmth blooming in his chest, Sherlock follows suite and turns his full attention to Mike.
It physically aches to stay where he is and do nothing but the smarter side of his brain knows Sherlock is just in the next room, safe with Mike, enjoying his night and having no idea that there is some sick fuck out in the world with their sights set on him.
John wasn't quick enough to catch the surprised noise he made that promptly turned into something of a groan as Sherlock slid a knee between his thighs and pushed his body flush against John's. He could already feel his hands fisting in Sherlock's shirt, forgetting all his questions and concerns and worries about where the hell he was and deciding he didn't give a toss. Because if he was with Sherlock, then truthfully, it didn't matter. He'd follow this man to the pits of hell with a smile on his face if it would keep them together.
Sherlock started toward the door, then paused and glanced at John as though just remembering he were there. "Oh," he murmured. "Right." John did his best not to glare at his companion as Sherlock turned back to Lestrade. "I need John to come in as well."
He pulls back, still clutching Sherlock to him, just enough to peer around his shoulder and glare at the boy who is now standing up behind him. Sherlock cranes his neck around to look Seb in the eye, finding a sickening gleam as though he's just gotten a joke that had been told.
Sherlock immediately settled back in his position, pushing back in and gripping the nape of John's neck.
Victor smirked, stepping up closer to John, angling himself in the way of his view of Sherlock. "Sorry Johnny, we're actually having a conversation."
"What?" Mike presses, seeming to suddenly notice the tension in John's shoulders and glancing between his captain and his teammate. "What is it?"
Sherlock turns to find John's excited face has fallen. He chews at his bottom lip, eyes skittering across the ground. "Um…"
"Well," he mumbles as a small shiver runs down his spine. His sweat is drying hard and sticky against his skin, settling him in an uncomfortable chill. "I'm, um… thank you for coming."
Their cocks touch and Sherlock cries out, a fine shiver running down every limb in his body, reaching ever nerve ending and lighting it on fire.
"Yeah," John tries to support, feeling a bit foolish for so far doing nothing to hinder the Holmes bickering besides making doe-eyes at Sherlock and delight in his rudeness. He elbows the genius boy in the ribs and leans in close enough to whisper softly in his ear. "I'd like to spend the day with my boyfriend so I'd really prefer if he played nice with his big brother and got to stay around here to play with me."
Though he can't deny he's somewhat happy to see another person he's had some sort of encounter with before tonight. It's been overwhelming here already in this sea of unknown people and it's only been twenty minutes. Victor is definitely not the brightest human being he's ever come across, but he's nice enough, always smiling during their work sessions and nodding his head in vigorous agreement with everything Sherlock says, eyes widening with all the new information on their project. Irene has stated on several occasions her belief that he's a complete moron but he's easy enough to ignore so Sherlock doesn't pay him much thought.
And all that time, John had only been blocks away, barely surviving, never bothering to call Sherlock, to find him, to bloody ask for help. It was one thing to be hard-headed. It was a whole other thing to risk your life every day for the sake of saving face.
"What, you think you smell like a bed of roses?" Mike drops down beside John on the bench and follows suit.
"Sherlock," Mycroft says softly as Sherlock lunges for the handle. "I'm truly sorry all of this happened. But you need to be realistic. Once John heals-"
Apparently, he was looking for Sherlock. "Glad I caught you. I finally made it back to the table but you guys were gone. This fucking library is
Maybe it was naïve to think everything would sort itself out once John got Sherlock out of their room, but the blond really did believe that the night he and Greg had convinced Sherlock to attend the party. He'd thought if that genius boy could only see how wonderful the rugby team was, see how great it could be to have a group of friends who were kind and caring, see that John and all the rest of the boys
"Not an agent," John said with a wave of his hand. "Not someone to hold you back. I would never ever keep you from doing what you love." He gave Sherlock's hand a squeeze. "But you get caught up Sherlock. You get distracted. Distractions lead to mistakes."
John could have cried with relief as he took in the tall, familiar figure in the doorway, coat billowing out around his slender frame, curls perfectly coiffed, gray eyes bright with anticipation. John didn't realize he'd been aching to see Sherlock since the start of this conversation with Harry and wanted to go to him so badly, only hesitating due to his sister being in the room.
He watches John's face closely, thrilled when John's breath stutters or a small whimper escapes his lips.
The genius in his arms is quiet for a moment, slender fingers finding their way up John's spine in a smooth caress. "I suppose I was unclear on the dynamics of…
"Harry, what in God's name are you doing here?" John asked, slightly panicked. Harry laughed again, flipping her hair and swaying ever so slightly on her feet. She smiled dazedly and an acidic gust of air hit John square in the face. "Oh fuck. How drunk are you?"
awkward in a social setting. He'd gone practically radio silent the moment they'd entered the house, which John had to admit was rather impressive seeing as Sherlock hardly shut up while in their room, going on and on about experiments and classes and how ridiculous John's sleeping habits were – because apparently someone sleeping eight hours a night was entirely unacceptable in Sherlock's world.
Sherlock knows that look. He narrows his in warning but she's no longer concerning herself with Sherlock's sexuality as she steps around him already beaming. Sherlock still doesn't turn, instead pretending to busy himself with refolding his shirts. He'd like to delay the inevitable meeting of the roommate for as long as humanly possible.
Sherlock's breath caught in his throat, as he realized what he was seeing. Right here, in this moment, Sherlock was gaining a rare glimpse into who John was to become. He was receiving the privilege of seeing Dr. John Watson speak with authority to his subject, making his decision clear and not to be argued with. He was seeing John's inner strength peeking out, the strength that would shape him into the person he would be. And that person was someone Sherlock wanted to know. That person was someone Sherlock wanted to know every single part of.
His heart is pounding rather harshly in his chest with anticipation. He hasn't seen John yet. Both teams are holed up in the locker rooms, hidden away from the crowd, and for some reason Sherlock is becoming a bit desperate to see his roommate. He's here, he'd made it to this game somehow and now he'd just like to get on with it. The anticipation is killing him.
So when John hadn't shown up for his hours the first two days, Sherlock had begun to wonder. Maybe John had realized Sherlock wasn't what he wanted or needed. Maybe he'd realized he didn't want casual sex. Maybe he'd realized he deserved so much more then that. After all, Sherlock had done his best to put John off during their little chat.
John looked up and caught the amusement in Sherlock's words, pursing his lips in an attempt to hide his grin.
"Sherlock," Mycroft calls to him before he can get too far. His steps falter long enough that his brother continues. "Please, simply think about what I said. If anything seems off to you about Victor Trevor at any given moment, anything at all, get away immediately and call me. Please."
"On it, Cap," Mike nods. "At least now we don't need to worry about Sherlock walking directly into the lion's den though."
today? Must he keep pushing at every turn, keep badgering the genius into doing things he doesn't want to do? Can't he just shut up and sit down and get this godforsaken lesson over with so Sherlock can leave? Can't he stop being overly considerate and caring and nice and just
"Sherlock!" John cried, watching in wide-eyed horror as his friend began to ascend the ladder. "Stop!"
"I'm so sorry," John is murmuring, clutching Sherlock to him, laying urgent kisses to his cheeks and neck and shoulders and chest. "I remember, Sherlock. I remember. I'm so sorry."
The pounding continued. Sherlock never knocked like that. But who the hell else could it be? Mike had a key, and he was with Link.
John cuts him off with a wave of his hand, swiping fingers against his eyes. "I asked," he says, attempting to smile with trembling lips. "I hate that I can't remember something like that. Something so important."
Nodding and clinking his glass in cheers, the curly-haired boy takes a single, deep breath before bringing the glass to his lips and throwing his head back as he downs it in a single gulp.
going to let that go?" Sherlock whinges, shoving his key into the lock on their room and pushing it open, attempting to hide the shaking of his shoulders as he laughs silently.
Blue eyes find Sherlock's and silently regard him for a moment before falling back to the floor. And just as Sherlock is about to launch into a rather lengthy apology, John beats him to it.
, Mycroft," Sherlock breathes fire down the line, furiously throwing open the door of the building he's supposed to call home. "You had... you
"It's everything," John murmured. "It is Sherlock. Your family is absolutely wonderful and being a part of it is-" He broke off abruptly as a small sob left his lips. He shook himself and fixed his eyes on Sherlock. "So you can't... nothing can happen to you," he said fiercely. "You can't be reckless anymore, okay? You can't just-"
He'd just very much prefer not to be attracted to the bloke he's supposed to be sleeping a few short meters from for the remainder of the year. The bloke who is clearly a prat if there ever was one. A bloke who, while undeniably gorgeous, also has zero interest in being friends let alone much else.
Holding his gaze for a long moment, irises shifting to a clear crystal, Sherlock hesitates before nodding once succinctly, a tick of a brow challenging John to respond in any other way besides correctly.
A very serious and angry man was barreling toward Sherlock and grasped his arm before John was even fully out of the car.
John's vision blurred. Don't worry about it? Don't worry about your own parents pretending they don't have you? Pretending you don't exist? Don't worry that your sister is a lesbian and was kicked out of your home so long ago for it? And you didn't even know? John's world was suddenly on its head. "Oh right," he muttered. "I won't worry that I don't have parents anymore, Harry."
Sherlock tried to return his smile but it didn't quite reach his eyes as he threw open the door to what was very obviously a laboratory. John wasn't surprised in the least and he grinned as he walked inside, taking in the expensive equipment lining the black tabletops and beakers scattered all over the counters.
. He grinned madly and couldn't keep himself from glancing around, trying to take in every wall and nook and item in the entire place, just in case he never got invited back.
"Well I thought that would be fairly obvious. The way you were looking at me, of course. Mouth falling open, pupils blown wide, subconscious adjusting of trousers, eyes traveling up and down me like you'd never seen another person before. Your face was flushed but not red, so, not embarrassment, more likely arousal. You were openly staring at another male so you're not ashamed to be gay. Of course, you were embarrassed at being caught, given by the way you ducked behind the crowd. But you looked back over later, so you wanted to still look as you obviously enjoyed what you saw. You also haven't talked to a single female tonight and there are some good-looking women here, a few who have been eyeing you. You're young and obviously single, given by the event you're attending and the male companion you brought that you are clearly not in a relationship with, seeing as you bought him the cheapest beer at the bar and have hardly given him a second glance all night."
That hurt a little but Sherlock refused to show it. Hadn't he made it clear that John was the only one he was interested now? He rolled his eyes in frustration. "Yes, John, I do enjoy experiments. However, I've already experimented with women a long time ago, and came to the conclusion that I prefer men." He took a solid step toward John, brushing his chest against John's shoulder and dropped his voice to a deep, husky tone. "Actually, I prefer one man in particular."
"Mm," John tries to reply, pointedly ignoring Greg's side-eye. "Just a bit strange, you know. New place, new living space. No big deal."
"You're kidding me," John glares, ignoring the way his body is heating up at the sight of his gorgeous boyfriend somehow always being surprisingly unbelievably good at everything they do together. The first night they played Beer Pong together flashes brightly in John's mind and he knows he shouldn't be smiling like he is considering his team just got scored on, but recognizing the difference between true random luck and skill in two different situations just makes John fall even harder for this boy. "You just distracted me to get a sodding goal."
The hairs on the back of John's neck stood immediately, a cool shiver running down his spine, knowing exactly who was standing behind him. Turning slowly, preparing himself and throwing up an internal warning to stay calm, John's gaze locked on brown eyes.
The hot burn of fury swells up in John's sternum like a fire doused with gasoline and the rugby player does everything in his power to remain calm because storming out and away from Sherlock just to beat the living hell out of Victor Trevor right now would only do more harm than good but
The small grin John throws in Sherlock's direction as he passes through the main room makes Sherlock's heart stutter in his chest.
But, alas, here he sits, blending in nicely in his red hoodie, feeling only the tiniest bit better that John wouldn't actually see him in the sea of red surrounding him. Apparently, according to Irene, they'd arrived at halftime and were able to sneak into some decent seats in the center while the restless crowd got up to grab snacks or stretch their legs or…whatever else people did at sporting events.
Harry rolled her eyes. "Not speaking about us, not thinking about us. The usual really only now when people bring us up, they say they don't have children. I heard they're both moving away, to separate places of course, although to where I have no idea. Start a fresh, new, childless and spouseless life I s'pose. Who cares? I'm not worried about it and neither should you be."
He doesn't notice the clatter of the stool falling to the ground as he leaps from it, rushing to John.
Sherlock closes his eyes and plays anything he can remember, different pieces running together, different emotions pouring through the notes.
He can't let go and to his great relief John seems uninterested in letting go either and Sherlock only just realizes he's shaking slightly but John is holding him so close, hugging him and rubbing his neck and stroking his curls and whispering softly that
Lestrade blinks, approaching him warily, looking concerned and a bit scared. "Sherlock," he says gently, extending a hand. "You should be-"
His fingers graze along tacky acrylic and John groans softly, tracing the pad of his thumb along his own last name. "You're still wearing my jersey," he murmurs, the thought of Sherlock Holmes planning to sleep in his uniform making his brain cloud with positively obscene thoughts.
"I know this is difficult to hear," Mycroft continued. "But I need to be sure you won't do anything."
"But not tonight," John continued, guiding a stumbling Sherlock to his bed. "I want to when you're coherent enough to actually be able to say yes."
John's answer was his hands delving further into Sherlock's pants, whispering, "The last thing...that I want to do... right now... is stop," and wrapped a hand around Sherlock's cock.
"I love you too," John whispered, nipping at Sherlock's lower lip and rolling his hips. "So much. So so much."
Sobering just slightly, Greg grins. "I don't want to spoil the surprise but... oh mate, you've got a mad man for a roommate."
And before he knows it, the hour has been nothing but a blink of an eye and he's standing up on shaky legs, checking his hair in the reflection of his phone because he'd coiffed it into place before he'd left the room and wants it to be perfect.
Sherlock shrugs, feigning unconcern and failing. He's nervous. He's checked the crowd and his phone more than one hundred times each but there hasn't been any sign of John Watson.
Mike opened his mouth then closed it again. He gripped his bottle tighter and looked down at his feet. "Um-I-"
"'Course I did," Mike flaps his hand impatiently, "you're one of my boys and I fucking love Sherlock, he kills me, so it needed to be said that you two take priority. But that's not the point."
A small gasp leaves the lips of the boy in front of him and before Sherlock can panic, before he can begin stuttering apologies and flee from the room, John's hand is suddenly on the back of his neck. It's not forceful, not even pushing, just a soft, unsure touch, fingers gliding into the hairs at the base of his skull.
The genius boy makes a pleased little squeak at John's reaction and tightens his grip, squeezing a bit on the downstroke and thumbing at the head on the upstroke and John is lost, swimming through a sea of pleasure brought on by his perfect boyfriend's clever hands, working him from base to tip and even with a barrier it's still fucking
Sherlock hummed in response to John's cry, capturing his lips as he carried John to his bed, still fully clothed, John's naked torso rubbing against his button down.
This is worse than that first day. Worse than the first time Sherlock had laid eyes on his roommate, worse than running out of his room like a lunatic,
John visibally relaxed. "Discuss away. Now that I know you're not going to murder me, I feel much better about this conversation. Although that was the point of this, right? To scare me?"
A young, short, somewhat burly boy - probably a ranch hand - is smiling softly at him and nodding toward the horse behind the door.
Another tense muscle loosens in John's neck, a pool of heat flooding his insides, never enjoying anything more than teasing and flirting with Sherlock Holmes.
"Nice to meet you, Sherlock," John murmured, his eyes stuck on their joined hands. A small jolt of electricity shot from his fingers straight into his bloodstream and he shivered. Sherlock dropped his hand and stuck it back into his pocket.
Sherlock immediately pulls back, unhooking his legs. "Reciprocation," he mumbles. "Of course. I'm sorry John, I don't-"
Besides, now is not the time to show Sherlock just exactly how jealous of a boyfriend John is. John isn't even sure he really understands it quite yet, more frightened of it than anything, more concerned about the possession he feels over this genius he lives with, the need to be at his side all the time, the ache to hold him and feel him and claim him, it's a feeling John has never in his life experienced, not until the first day of university, not until alcohol and Victor Trevor and Irene Adler.
"Christ!" John gasps, and to Sherlock's delight, buries his hands in the genius boy's curls, riding the movement as Sherlock bobs carefully up and down his hard shaft. "Oh god, where- my god, baby
Having spent far too many hours daydreaming about what it would be like to kiss Sherlock's pillowy lips, this was far better than any fictionalized version John had created in his head. Sherlock tasted faintly of liquor mixed with a sweetness that John couldn't quite place, but Christ it was intoxicating, the flavor and movements of Sherlock's delicate mouth and sharp tongue. John gave himself over to it, grabbing possessively, pushing into every lick, every bite.
Chemistry partner, yes," Irene smiles, though there is a spark in her eye, her lips practically pulled into a sneer as John shakes her hand, like she knows a naughty secret about him already after a 30-second interaction.
He's sitting next to the path, the one that overlooks the rugby field, arms wrapped around his knees pressed to his chest as he stares starry-eyed at Captain Watson.
," John said exaggeratedly. "I don't think this is a good idea. I don't think I'll be much help and I don't love the idea of having an ulterior motive for getting to know my mates."
exactly? A friend? A kind bloke? A boy who has been nothing but lovely to the poor idiot that is Sherlock Holmes? A boy who is nothing but a buffer to keep Sherlock's world only mildly harmed when John eventually leaves him? A boy who has been keeping Sherlock sane? Keeping his relationship with John intact? Keeping Sherlock from doing anything
"Whatever," he huffs, a little irritated that he'd been swindled into admitting his sexuality based on such a poor observation. He makes his way to his room and unlocks the door, Irene muttering behind him about how he doesn't have to be such a prat all the time, and pushes open the door.
John's eyes shoot wide and Sherlock gets to be the one to smirk. "Will you teach me John?" he murmurs in his most innocent voice. "Will you teach me how to suck you off?"
John's eyes widened. If there was one thing he was sure of, it was that you always referred to your superior officers as 'Sir.' He nodded, terrified if he spoke it may slip out again.
John and Greg both turn to find Paul shuffling in the door, shifting his bag on his shoulder looking a bit uncomfortable. The same look he's been sporting for the last week. An uncertain look. A guilt-ridden look.
The window was fogging from the steam of his mug as he stared out from the first floor of 221B, gazing up at the rolling gray clouds hanging overhead threatening to release a torrential downpour like every other day in London. The darkness did nothing to improve John Watson's currently subdued, unsettled mood. The kind of mood that had plagued him on occasion since he was a boy.
This had become their new norm that John hated very much. Over the past month, Sherlock would sporadically disappear. It was normally later at night, around seven or eight, never notifying John, and not coming home until late hours, although John had attempted to wait up for him the first few times. He'd made it until about one in the morning before he dozed off on the couch, waking with a blanket draped over him and the familiar feeling of a demanding presence nearby.
So Sherlock will be John's someone. And the Holmes family will be John's people. So what if it's difficult for Sherlock to see his flatmate become a part of the family in no further capacity than a friend? So what if it makes it a little harder to breathe for the curly-haired boy, knowing this wonderful person will never be anything more than his friend? So what? He can deal with it. John
"I wouldn't be so sure," Victor croons evilly, and Sherlock can hear the smirk in his tone. "I think you might be back sooner than you think. Because I can promise you one thing, Sherlock; John Watson will
"No, Sherlock," John all but barks a little harsher than he'd meant as he retrieves his phone and taps it open to check the time, finding several missed text messages. "No experiments in our room."
He's never been so embarrassed in his entire life, and that includes the first time he'd been shoved into a broom closet and locked inside for several hours. Of course that would never happen now. Sherlock is a master lock picker now.
"Virgin?" Sherlock supplies him because John is being rather stupid at the moment and he figures he better help him out.
As they waited for the cab to come back around, John pulled him from his thoughts. "Wasn't Lestrade supposed to meet us here? Should we wait?"
He didn't do anything the intelligent side of his brain should have been able to force him to do because John Watson's beautiful blue eyes continuously found his cloudy grey ones, and John Watson's wonderful tenor voice called him brilliant more times than he could count and John Watson's short but powerful body was constantly in a chair at the kitchen table or in the sitting room, ever present, ever noticeable, ever taunting Sherlock's goddamn
His hips shudder as he spills into John's hand, letting out quiet little noises into John's shoulder, his brain quickly going offline and shutting down completely at the feeling of John stroking him through it. He vaguely hears John's encouragements, holding him through it, with soft
Then he's laughing and pulling Sherlock back in for another kiss. "Fair enough," he says. "Then I'll go on telling you how much I want you." John's lips trail along Sherlock's jaw to his neck. "How much I think about you," he whispers against his skin. He exhales against the shell of Sherlock's ear and licks the cartilage. "How much I enjoy sucking your cock. How delicious you taste when you come in my mouth."
-" he chokes as John's cock drags along his prostate at a different angle than ever before. He lets out a shuddering breath as his arse cheeks settle onto John's hips. He can hear John panting quietly behind him, calloused fingers digging into Sherlock's hips.
"You can jump or you can wait for me to get up there," Sherlock was muttering as he reached the first rung. "Either way, you're going in the water."
Sherlock smiled, huffing a laugh that promptly turned into a stutter and a gasp as John thumbed the head of his cock. "J- oh, god,
"Christmas theme, of course," Mrs. Holmes cuts her youngest son off from attempting to divert the conversation elsewhere and hide his complete love for the holiday.
The whimper that escapes Sherlock's lips is so humiliating he almost turns and runs in the opposite direction. John can only mean one thing. John only has one type of transportation.
His mother was nodding. "Yes, Mrs. Hudson. She contacted me a few days ago and requested your assistance."
Being denied a Sherlock Holmes first thing in the morning is rather upsetting and the rugby player is a bit irked that he's having to endure it.
!" Sherlock gasps, sparks showering behind his eyelids and trickling down his frame and out to all of his limbs as John nudges against a soft spot inside him, his whole body quavering at the touch. "Ohh- god
Seriously, one bloody fight and he runs away? Hides? Moves out? Blocks John's number? Jesus Christ. Talk about dramatic.
"And what, exactly, is so amusing?" Sherlock's baritone met him as he came to the bottom of the staircase and the man himself stepped out, staring down at the mobile in his hand.
and he reaches out to grip a hand into John's shirt, to keep him here, to let him take him completely when suddenly it's over.
I triple promise there is smut coming in the next chapter. It's almost finished so I can actually promise that. Also, I have to confess that I am the worst. I asked if you wanted me to respond to comments, many of you said yes, so I intended to. Then, when I went to respond, I kept wanting to right the same thing over and over, thanking you profusely and the responses became hollow. I didn't want you to see the same damn thing. So I want to say right here and now, I am madly in love with every single one of you that comment and kudos and bookmark and subscribe and just read my work. I love that you take the time and I appreciate you to the moon and back. Truth, I promise. THANK YOU!
John immediately sat up and went to take over the motion, planning to return the favor, when he felt Sherlock's other hand curve under his chin and tilt his face up. John bit his lip as he looked up into those beautiful eyes, half lidded with arousal and that perfect mouth, lips slightly parted. Sherlock Holmes touching himself was a gorgeous sight.
"I'm sorry, John," Sherlock whispers into his skin, his breath trembling along John's collarbone, the arm around John's middle tightening.
"You're shivering," John says with a frown, squatting down to grab a few towels from the drawer beneath his bed before tossing a suspicious glare at the puffy black jacket hanging against Sherlock's closet door. "Why on earth didn't you wear a coat?"
"Fucking perfect," John is still muttering, throwing his hips up again and again. "So… goddamn… beautiful and…so… fucking… fuck….fuck
"Anyway, you two decide what you want to do," Greg sighs, clearly taking the hint that some sort of silent conversation is being had right now. "I'm going to run home and shower, but let me know okay?"
The realization hits him like a ton of bricks and John inhales sharply. "Shit," he grounds out from between clenched teeth. "You're right."
The realization had washed over him and he had scrubbed his skin raw, panic seizing his chest as he dove out of the tub and for a towel, realizing too late he had no clean clothes in the loo with him.
"He didn't do anything, John. He tried to give me his number but I declined and he left." Sherlock smirks, dipping down to press his lips to John's ear. "You have nothing to worry about. However, I must admit I do like you like this."
The other half of the school, the jocks playing sweaty sports, chasing a ball or a goal or each other and those who support the jocks cheering them on at games and matches and races, well. They all feel a bit… differently about Sherlock.
Sherlock glanced up as though he'd forgotten he was there, wrinkling his forehead. "Oh. You can go, John. But keep up the excellent work. Come back here again tomorrow night, alright? We need to keep you focused."
Sherlock stops wondering when John places a kiss to his forehead and whispers "Goodnight, Sherlock Holmes."
John swallows harshly, the shock wearing off, giving way to something cold and harsh and terrifying. "You mean…"
"So… flatmates?" John garbles against the collar of Sherlock's shirt, his face pressing into the material.
of the cap popping open, knowing what comes next and biting down on the nerves fluttering around his abdomen.
But after two weeks, it got harder to remember. It got more and more difficult to recall that this wouldn't last forever, that something else must be afoot. That he by no means was safe.
"Are you going?" Sherlock asks coolly, seemingly daring John to answer one of two ways, one being right and the other very much wrong. Which is which, John doesn't know.
It was like being on a constant one-shot loop of chances, waiting seven days in between, hoping maybe the next week he'd finally hit something for Sherlock to react to, blurting out a request for a date or yelling he had no interest in John at all. Was that so much to ask?
Sherlock seemed genuinely shocked by the outburst, then pinched his lips together, trying not to laugh. John glared at him. "Prat," he muttered and Sherlock let the laugh fall from his mouth. They continued to walk, a comfortable silence falling over them.
What Sherlock hadn't anticipated was a bitter, drunk sister showing up out of nowhere to throw all of her problems in John's face. By all accounts, they hardly ever spoke, not keeping in touch in the slightest. He'd had Mycroft keep eyes on her just in case after John told him he suspected Harry had a drinking problem, seeing as the only time he heard from her was late at night when she'd clearly been hitting the bottle. But Sherlock hadn't considered her a dangerous person. A sad person maybe but not a trigger for John.
"Rack 'em up!" Mike shouts to no one in particular as the group decides which two boys are next to challenge the team rocking a hat trick at the table. Paul just taught Sherlock that term and he feels like quite the professional Beer Pong player now. He agrees with Mike, there
John slinks closer to his lover, still enjoying the innocence of Sherlock asking for sex. "Are you interested in getting off with me, Sherlock Holmes?"
And just as Sherlock is about to take fate into his own hands, shut down entirely and storm out, ignore John entirely and this situation and the damn jersey on his back, pretend nothing is wrong, that nothing is amiss here, because it's the best plan he can think of on such short notice-
The last words snap out before Sherlock can snap his mouth shut and he immediately feels the panic and uncertainty rise in his chest, threatening to strangle him and his eyes dart to John's to assess, to find out exactly how much damage he's just done with his rogue mouth speaking out of turn at its own accord.
"I brought up some sandwiches and a few frozen dinners," Mrs. Hudson continues, beaming at the doctor. "Sherlock isn't much for cooking or cleaning or much of anything really. Would you like a cuppa?"
"John?" Sherlock's voice quivers with uncertainty, asking so many questions with that single word and John's libido promptly takes a back seat for the time being as he glances up to find searching, panicked eyes on him, the boy in front of him looking exposed and vulnerable and terrified and John's heart all but bursts open, flooding his insides with warmth and tenderness and need for Sherlock Holmes, instincts kicking in and reminding him he needs to take care of this precious being before him.
Sherlock couldn't say for sure what he himself looked like in the mornings. But he would wager he looked quite ridiculous, staring up at his lover like a love-sick teenager, all wondrous and enchanted, trying to sort out where John Watson came from and how of all places had he wound up in Sherlock's bed.
And Sherlock decides right then that whatever else happens in the next few days, the decision to bring John home with him is one Sherlock will never regret.
"John," Sherlock clears his throat. "I just…I want to thank you for all you've done for me this summer." He spoke softly, feeling so utterly foolish and vulnerable. "You've been… this has been the best summer of my life and I owe it all to you."
!" Sherlock exclaimed, throwing his hands up in the air. "Doing anything would hurt John. And I have no interest in doing that."
The first thing he saw were cheekbones. Razor-sharp, pale cheekbones that jutted out perfectly below silver eyes. Eyes like John had never seen before. Eyes that seemed to be scanning every thing, every person, every moment in the room and knowing. Knowing what exactly, John couldn't be sure. What he was sure about was those eyes knew everything there was to know about this room and everyone in it.
John had become rather talented over the last few weeks in this area. Even with a condom in his way, he still managed to find ways to make Sherlock's eyes roll back in his head with blissful pleasure as he sucked him earnestly.
The reaction that gets is so pleasing to Sherlock, he takes another inch into his mouth. That inch is the last one he is able, and he gags a bit.
Sherlock fights back a small smile. Simply because that irritated look John is currently giving him is so... John. No one tells John what to do. No one coddles John Watson.
He started pacing, trying to right himself, talking himself down. He could do this. He'd googled the shit out of this stuff. Watched copious amounts of gay porn (like that was a hardship) and did his best to learn technique and what would be pleasurable for his partner.
Pretty grey eyes glitter as they slowly take John in thoroughly, raking over his fringe and face carefully, clearly allowing himself to indulge in this moment before trailing down John's body, Sherlock's gaze a bit dazed as he takes in his bedmate, a bit disoriented but not unhappy in the least and John lets him look, lets him do whatever he wants because honestly John is always going to let Sherlock do whatever he wants. He's completely powerless against the genius, wanting nothing more than to keep him as happy as humanly possible, keep that combined look of utter wonder and inquisitiveness and fascination and joy on this boy's face at all times. So John allows the ogling and the slow blinks and watches with something edging on glee as Sherlock's eyes fall to the pillow shoved between them, brows furrowing in confusion for a long moment, gears undoubtedly turning in his head before his eyes widen into big, round saucers and clear realization dawns on him.
"And then, at the end, when we laid down our rules for dating John Watson, we turned to leave. But something…something pulled us back." Mike dropped his voice as though in awe. "Something was there… something….something I can't quite describe."
is, thanks," Sherlock remarks though he doesn't argue the point. What use would it do? They won't agree. Besides, he knows he's right. What is it with everyone claiming Victor poured a bunch of alcohol down his throat? First Greg the night of the party, then Mycroft a week later, and now Irene. Why is everyone so determined to harangue him about this?
Mike sighed again and huffed a laugh. "We're not dating or anything, Link and I. We're just fucking. Which seemed so brilliant at the time we decided it. But he's…great. Fantastic, really. And I see you getting all dolled up to go out with Sherlock, on a
He's perfect like this. John is certain he's never seen anyone look quite this good when they come. Sherlock's body is so sensitive and sensual and he doesn't even fully realize it.
Both in their third years at university, Sherlock has been living with John in a nice flat on Baker Street in the heart of London for nearly five months now and in those five months John has somehow inserted himself into every aspect of Sherlock's life. He has no idea when that happened or how it happened but John Watson simply seems to be a part of him now; his flatmate, his study buddy, the person he eats takeaway with every weekend, the friend he attends social events with. He's the person Sherlock has found himself confiding in,
This was a rather…intimate moment. More intimate then any of John's drunken nights had been, from what he could remember.
"Sherlock?" The word sounds so innocent and lovely falling from those pretty lips and it takes everything in Sherlock's body not to turn and look at him. "Is everything okay?"
"I love you," Sherlock murmured, holding John's hand to his heart. "Is that wrong? Is it really wrong for me to love you?"
He trails his fingers along the stable wall, heart pounding a little harder as he rounds the corner.
Sherlock follows suite and soon they are galloping through the meadow and into the open space of the Holmes property.
John didn't wait a second longer before finding Sherlock's cell phone sitting on his desk and calling the emergency line.
And when John came home, Sherlock stood stoically at the train station, face so solemn John worried bad news was coming his way, hands buried deep in the pockets of his long wool coat, barely looking in John's direction as they made their way out. Not touching. Never touching in public.
"Uh-… yes?" Sherlock replies questioningly, like he's unsure if he's really answering such a moronic question, curls tilting slightly as he clearly cocks his head in John's direction.
"What happened to you?" Sherlock asks, a little stunned to see his normally calm peaceful father looking to frazzled.
. He tries to act like a hard arse but really he's just a big softy. Tell your brother that from all of us!"
"Yes please," John says in return, giving the boy in his arms a gentle squeeze he hopes says what he is a bit afraid to for fear of being an over-the-top sap.
," Mike grouses, swiping a rugby ball up and out of a puddle of mud, tossing it in his hands absently.
"Jesus," John growls, pressing his tongue into Sherlock's ear and wrapping a hand around his lover's erection, pinching at the other nipple as he gives a firm stroke. "Fuck my fist, Sherlock."
The man's face was unchanging. "A mysterious man invited you into his bed the night before the semester began and you didn't seem all that concerned about who he was."
"You hated it, didn't you?" John's words are teasing and Sherlock glances over to see John smiling out at the street before them.
John clapped his hands together gleefully. "Yay! Why can't we go tonight? Right now? I think I need to be dancing right now." He shook his hips to demonstrate that fact.
It was a mistake. A stupid bloody mistake. Emotional upheaval will do that to a person. And John had had more than enough emotional upheaval than anyone deserves in a lifetime. Traumatic experiences can cause people to act out of character. Sherlock has read all about it in the past two days. And seeing one's baby sister drunkenly stumble in with one's alcoholic mother at one o'clock in the morning can definitely be classified as traumatic.
"You taste divine," Sherlock muttered below him, licking the head of John's cock gently before closing his lips are it and suckling, humming contentedly. "God, I've wanted to do this to you for ages."
"The...casual?" John reached out again, tightening his grip this time when Sherlock tried to pull away. "Sherlock- Christ, will you please explain what the hell you're talking about?"
Sherlock hummed in appreciation. "Much better. Much better when you do it. Quicker too. I like your doctor hands."
John shook his head. "Do you know he quit teaching our class? Swapped out with some other TA? And it's a girl." He wrinkled his nose. "Not as much fun to look at."
John's tongue sweeps into his mouth and Sherlock moans without thinking at the sudden surge of fireworks that explode along every nerve-ending of his body, his insides begging for more John, more John everywhere, more more
What he finds above him answers his question immediately and his insides go all gooey at the sight, pride filling him to the brim as he takes in the harsh curve of John's frame where he's sitting up and, Christ,
"So, I switched my free period and my lunch period around," John explains nonchalantly as he reaches for his book bag. "I mean, what is the point of a free period if you're stuck in the library while your boyfriend eats lunch only a few rooms away?"
draining from both their bodies. John could feel Sherlock settling against him, the tension in his shoulders loosening, and John practically melted under his touch.
"No he doesn't," the man said sharply. "He doesn't have anything. Not yet. And if you would step up and quit second-guessing yourself, I'm quite sure you could kill two birds with one stone. Get what you want while taking something away from Mr. Trevor."
The tiny hairs on Sherlock's body stand on end at those filthy words filtering into his ear from John's damp, delicious mouth and down into his bloodstream, vibrating him from the inside out with unimpeded want. "Yes," he whispers, remembering so many months ago, lying on his bed face down, arse in the air, reaching curious fingers down toward sensitive skin. It hadn't been unpleasant but Sherlock was certain he was missing something during his experiment, having read all about the prostate inside the male body and how it was supposed to feel incredible when touched.
John yanked at the collar of his shirt for the ninth time that evening, grimacing at the uncomfortable feeling of the tie wrapped snuggly around his neck.
this game? "Beer pong is kind of a win-win type deal," Mike continues to chatter, "If you're bad, you drink more but if you're good, you get to stay at the table and challenge another team."
It's a bit of a terrifying feeling John is experiencing. It's not quite to the level of rage. It's not a chaotic, panicked reaction to seeing the boy he dislikes with such a passion. It's not a messy, possessive feeling, not a childish
"You what?" John teases, closing his lips around a soft earlobe and reveling in the answering groan coming from that adorable cupid's bow of a mouth.
Heart warming at the happy little glow in John's cheeks, Sherlock works on his own cookie in the shape of a Christmas tree, decorating it with little star sprinkles and generally making a mess. It's one of the Holmes' traditions he loves; decorating cookies on Christmas Eve, though if he's being honest, his love for this has only heightened with John being here to enjoy it with him. Even after the confusing events of the previous night, nothing seemed to be amiss this morning through breakfast or the afternoon of baking and chatting with the family, so Sherlock is planning to simply sweep it under the rug. It's the holiday spirit, he thinks. It must make some people do crazy things. Besides, John is entirely overwhelmed in the best way possible with all the family surrounding him, taking him in as one of their own. He probably just got a little too comfortable with Sherlock. Or maybe it was the rum.
Sherlock gingerly ducks into the crowd, carefully maneuvering around classmates he's hardly ever spoken to and makes his way to the back of the house.
He didn't want to close his eyes. His dreams were filled with tall dark beautiful creatures that whispered taunts like
Now, he's not alone. Now, he's coming hard and fast and rather intensely under the boy he's wanted for so very long and his body doesn't seem to care that this is the most horrific moment of his entire life as the waves of his orgasm wash through him. He's vaguely aware that he's moaning softly into John's shoulder, biting at the fabric of his t-shirt to stifle the noises but it would be obvious to even a stupid person what was happening to him. He can feel hot liquid covering the inside of his boxer shorts as they're pressed to his skin, John's hips grinding down against him only making it messier.
Sherlock comes back to himself and takes a step back, John's hands falling away from his face. "Are…are you making fun of me?"
"Sherlock? Hey, you need to stay awake for just a minute longer, okay? You're all wet. Let's get you out of these clothes."
He can feel John beaming at him and just when he thinks the warmth of the look can't feel any hotter John's hand bumps against his in an accidental brush.
He wants to tell John he fell for him the second he saw him that first day. He wants to tell John he'd agonized over his feelings, fought tooth and nail against them for weeks on end. But the words don't seem to want to come out.
John had no idea how to get around it. There was too much riding on this. Too much to lose. Too much of a risk.
"I'm not asking for the whole nine yards right now," John continued, voice steady as ever, no nervous fidgeting or tripping over his words. He meant everything that he said. "But I'm ready. We can start wherever you think is best, but please, can we start tonight?"
It took everything in John Watson's power not to snap his textbook shut in irritation. He closed his eyes for a moment to compose himself before answering.
And Sherlock is certain he'd had a whole day before this moment, almost positive he'd had other things going on, other activities, other people he'd spoken to. But right now, right here, as he gazes at his roommate lying in the mud along side him, Sherlock for the life of him can't remember anything about his day, let alone his entire existence, that didn't include John Watson.
was the one who told him not to come in the first place since it's four hours away. But he spun it the way he spins everything to make it sound like his idea. Said he's going to try to spend some quality time with his brother and not his untrustworthy boyfriend."
Eyebrows shooting to his hairline in pure surprise, Sherlock blinks for a second, a bit lost. Why was Victor so nervous to ask that? Seems a bit silly. "Sure," Sherlock shrugs, frowning slightly at why this took ages for Victor to blurt out.
A few weeks or months later, John couldn't say, he witnessed a few older boys beating up a small, well-dressed boy, hurling gay slurs at him and cackling as he crumpled to the ground. John waited for them to disappear and then had gone to help the boy up and to the nurse. It was a cowardly thing to do, but he couldn't stop the bullies. They were bigger and meaner then shit and would have torn John to pieces. As he approached the kid, he recognized him, Andrew Randall, same year as John and very,
And just as he's about to step through the entryway to the kitchen, a short body is stepping out, arms flying to either side of him and his mother is yanking him into a snug embrace with a little cheer of excitement. "Sherlock, darling!" she cries, enveloping him in one of her famously tight, loving hugs and kissing his cheek. "Happy Christmas!"
"I love you," John whispers brokenly, his face equally as wet as Sherlock's, his eyes red-rimmed but still so bright and deep, his tanned cheeks splotchy. "I love you so much, Sherlock, so much."
fault he can't hold his liquor," Victor's voice is getting further away as John, slow and steady and so unbelievably patient, guides Sherlock by the hand through a rather roundabout way, avoiding the most populated rooms to make it to the front door.
Sherlock tries to return a tight smile of his own but he's certain it's more of a grimace and turns to go to his microscope.
They stood silently, two grown men watching people pass by just below their window, standing much closer than socially acceptable, hidden only by the four walls of their shared flat.
"Such language," Sherlock teased, still not looking at him. "I can't believe you kiss me with that mouth."
John ducks down and licks a stripe over the hardened skin, laving and flicking his tongue in earnest. He's rewarded with a low moan and fingers tentatively grazing into his hair. He closes his mouth over the nipple and sucks.
John still looks pained, pressing apology kisses to every inch of Sherlock he can reach, his cheeks and lips and forehead. "I don't ever want to hurt you," he murmurs fiercely. "Not ever."
"They're... divorcing?" John asked hoarsely. He had no idea why that fact was hitting him in the gut so hard. It wasn't like his parents gave a shit about him or Harry but it hurt all the same.
Sherlock rolled his hips against John's, their erections now pressed perfectly together and John gasped, scrabbling at Sherlock's back to keep the friction, to gather him as close as possible. They rocked together slowly, John moaning into Sherlock's mouth, arching his neck to open himself up further. He needed... god he needed something and...
It was like a panicked prayer being whispered in his ear and John's heart lurched to one side as Sherlock continued his slow rhythm, tightening his grip in John's fringe. John's arms wound around up to lay his hands on Sherlock's shoulder blades, holding him as close as possible without hindering his thrusts. "Please," John clutched at Sherlock's back. "Please come, Sherlock. I want you to. Please."
It was all so comforting. Like a real, happy family, grinning and touching and laughing. It was lovely. And John was a part of it all. He was involved in it all.
"Alright, are we just about finished in here?" Mr. Holmes calls from the entryway, "Greg and Myc have just finished trimming the tree and we are ready for presents!"
The night before school begins Sherlock doesn't have to lay awake and wait because John is already here. They'd spent the day together out in the meadow behind Sherlock's house, laying on a blanket, gazing up at the grey sky, Sherlock's head on John's shoulder, hands clasped together.
Sherlock is quiet for a long moment. They watch the film for a minute longer and then Sherlock abruptly says, "What does it feel like? …Sex?"
Sighing, Paul shoots Victor one last pleading glance with a hint of anger before he follows Greg out of earshot, leaving John and Victor alone.
It was a direct hit. A nasty thing to say really. But Sherlock was beyond patience, beyond boundaries. John had been home for
For the first time in his life, the first option Sherlock considered was contacting Mycroft. He could practically hear the smug answer and sneered comments, knowing Mycroft would think of it as Sherlock's admission of defeat, showing his true weakness but he honestly didn't care. If it helped find John quicker, it was worth losing the ever-lasting battle between them.
If John weren't a raging maniac at the moment, he would have laughed. He'd told Mike all about Sherlock being his teacher and the chat they'd had on Friday and now was regretting it just a bit. He really didn't want to tell his best friend the guy he had it bad for was fucking other people on a regular basis while refusing to give John a go.
Mouth parting on an inaudible gasp, Sherlock's pupils dilate, gaze dropping to John's lips without hesitation. "I'm always yours," he murmurs.
"John, I think we should make one thing very clear," Sherlock all but growled, putting a hand on John's knee. "I will never do anything sexual with you while you are drunk." He ignored John's groan. "Now. Do you have any new information?"
All thoughts of fleeing promptly did just that - fled. Right out of his mind and off on their own accord as Sherlock's long, pale fingers settled on John's waist. The touch was light, no demand or push or pull, just simply rested there, holding onto John, grounding him in such an unfamiliar way. A way John never knew he craved, not until this moment, to trust someone like this. To be taken care of like this. To be held and touched and needed.
It's absolutely impossible not to wiggle just a bit closer, pull just a bit tighter, breathe just a bit deeper, and enjoy absolutely every single thing about this moment as John's heart does slow, blissful rolls in his chest, thudding steadily in rhythm with the rise and fall of the shoulder under John's palm, the boy in his arms still fast asleep, inhaling and exhaling contentedly.
It wasn't until his name filled the silent room that he realized Sherlock had long since stopped talking and was now eyeing him curiously, eyes softening with concern. "Are you alright?"
John glanced up from the beer he was nursing to his best friend across the pub table. "Umm.., okay?"
. John would have been just fine going about his scandal-free life if Sherlock Holmes had better control over himself. It was simple as that, John thought angrily.
Greg goes in for another hug and John stifles a laugh. It's rather sweet how sensitive his friends are.
Growing up in a home with little income could easily make someone like that, which is where John had come from.
The morning comes all too quickly as Sherlock finds himself perched at the kitchen table, staring down into his microscope, feeling completely at a loss.
Sherlock peeked up at him from under dark lashes, still laughing. He held up his hands in defense at John's incredulous look. "I take zero responsibility, it was their idea."
John knew he should be offended by Sherlock's parting monologue, but he truly wasn't. If anything, he was relieved. Sherlock read him like a book, picked up on things that John would never want to verbalize if he could help it. Sherlock knew him. And it made things so much easier. John knew his home life was shit and his most recent attempt at a relationship was utterly embarrassing. Telling a romantic interest about those aspects of his life weren't exactly something he looked forward to. With Sherlock, he didn't have to. It was a calming feeling, knowing he wouldn't have to wait for the inevitable conversation about families and past attempts at romance. Sherlock already knew. And even if he didn't know all the details, John could fill in the blanks if he asked. He wouldn't have to tell a long, sordid tale of his pathetic life.
"I'm so sorry, Sherlock, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have- fuck, I should have asked you if that was alright, I'm sorry, that wasn't-"
"Sherlock," Victor murmurs and Sherlock turns to find him even closer now, hand settling fully on Sherlock's shoulder, squeezing it gently before stroking over his collarbone with a reassuring thumb, clearly having no idea he's currently attempting to settle an extremely agitated genius. "You know you can always talk to me, right? About anything."
He stops again, shakes his head once and says, "Sulking. You were sulking. You'd thought I… you'd thought I hadn't gotten you that microscope you'd been wanting for ages."
. "Tell me. Because I want bloody everything with you. I'd like to date you and fuck you and show you how I can make your body feel things you haven't even considered. So, tell me. Right now. What is it that you want from me?"
"Yeah." John glances over again to clock Sherlock still at the bar and Christ, even the back of his head is goddamn beautiful, all falling curls standing starkly against porcelain skin, strong shoulders curved inward as he leans on his elbows against the wood, long back giving way to that deliciously round arse looking particularly firm and perfect in those sinfully tight jeans. God, Sherlock is so lovely, and so brilliant and so damn stupid sometimes. That perfect boy should know that. Know that he is perfect. Know that he is loved.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, the bluff so obvious he hasn't any time to even pretend to go along with it. "You're right," he snips, "I wouldn't."
"John," Sherlock barely chokes out as another one of John's fingers pushes its way in, and the sensation is almost too much. The feeling of something inside of him, of John inside of him, makes him ache in places he didn't even know existed. The intensity of John's gaze, of John touching his most sensitive area so delicately makes his heart swell up in his chest, threatening to clog his airway with emotion. He rocks slightly with the movement of John's fingers penetrating him again and again, so slowly, so effortlessly, like their bodies were designed to do this. Like they fit together. Like two puzzle pieces belonging to one another.
"Young man, this is a closed practice!" Anderson shouts, stomping his foot in that childish way Sherlock hates.
He tosses one last glance toward the field, one last look at that beautiful boy, only to see the cheerleaders making their way to the team.
Sherlock sighed yet again, then turned and walked as slowly as possible to what Mycroft deemed his office. Sherlock ignored Mycroft's overstated eye roll.
"Awesome," John grins, vowing to stay with Sherlock all night and planning to leave whenever Sherlock wants to, no matter what the circumstance, protect him without saying so, support him without being too obvious. "I'll let Greg know, then?"
Sherlock dragged his fingers gently down John's cheek, touching his jaw and neck before dropping his hand back to his side. He nodded once to himself as though he had gotten over the hardest part. His features stayed soft as he continued to speak.
John did his very best to keep his hands clasped behind his back and his feet in one place. He bit his lip trying to bite back the thrill coursing through him but he was having difficulty; he was
He lets himself be manhandled, feeling stupider by the minute, realizing he can in fact stand on his own as John settles him on his feet.
The House was a not-so-secret name for the crack den Bill Wiggins frequented more often the Sherlock would care to recognize. Rotting around the edges, paint peeling off in strips, it looked as though surely termites would be descending upon it at any moment and finish it off. The ugliness of the outside was nothing compared to scattered, strung out bodies that littered the floor on the inside. Two floors worth of dirty mattresses and used needles and junkies sleeping it off or shooting up, The House was one of horrors in Sherlock's book.
Panic flooded his body and John raced to find an excuse in his recently short-circuited brain. "I-I need to find Sher-The Detective," he quickly edited.
Refocusing on the cups, lips twitching with the effort not to return the grin, Sherlock blinks once, twice, and then flings the ball across the table, begging some unseen entity to not let his inexperience embarrass him in front of all these rugby players as his eyes follow the ball's course.
"Here we are, then," John's voice swoops back into Sherlock's ear from just over his shoulder before a cold glass bottle is being pushed into his hand as he saddles up beside his roommate, the curly-haired boy reminding himself silently to thank John for saving him from what was about to be a very painful, awkward silence. "I didn't know what you liked so I got you a cider. I think the uh- oh. Hello." John nods to Victor who is still standing in the kitchen, immediately sticking out a hand like the friendly bloke that he is. "I'm John."
"Not yet," he purred back, taking the moment to gain the upper-hand and spun toward John, capturing his lips with his own, tracing a hand along his jaw. John squeaked, actually squeaked in surprise and Sherlock did everything in his power not to moan at that delicious sound. He seemed to be the only one that remembered they were still technically in a cab as John was currently trying to gain more leverage by crawling on top of him. Before he could get too far, the taxi grinded to a halt.
"Right," John nods happily, tossing a grin in Sherlock's direction and the curly-haired boy's stomach does a double-backflip. "He is
The minute twitch in Mycroft's eyebrow gave his surprise away but he collected himself about as fast as Sherlock always did. "My brother has mentioned me."
"Yeah, sorry about that," Sherlock snips back, never letting his eyes leave Victor's, automatic reaction to fight back rolling the words out of his mouth without a second thought.
Another flicker of something catches his eye and Sherlock follows it to the glass in Victor's hand, just catching the tail end of a tiny white ball of something sizzling into a carbonated bubble before disappearing into the clear liquid entirely, an unknown substance now a part of the drink Victor is casually offering up like a cup of water.
John turned and ducked down, sliding the paper underneath the door with shaking fingers and as much dignity as he could muster, hardly daring to breathe. He could feel Victor's eyes on him.
"I – I…" Sherlock tries and fails to explain, panting quietly and wrapping his arms further around John's waist to keep him near. "I didn't… I didn't want to burden you –
Sherlock laughed as they entered his bedroom, laying John down in the sheets, hands reaching for the flies of his jeans.
And for the past three years, Sherlock Holmes has been slowly but surely falling madly in love with his very best friend.
John halted his bumblings and did his best to get a read on his unreadable editor, suddenly feeling like there was a lot more going on here then he'd even considered. "Um...okay. I just want to make that clear. That I'm not dating him. Or anyone. At all."
"I'm fine, John," he snarled. "You don't need to come here and," he waived his arm at the food, "take care of me. I'm not a child."
Pink lips part in what can only be quiet surprise and then navy eyes are pooling into blackness as John reads everything he needs to know in Sherlock's features, the shock falling away into something utterly breathtaking, something soft and accepting and reassuring all at once, something that promises
"Club?" John's brow raises, a grin threatening to tip his mildly shocked mouth upward as he glances between his teammates, interest piqued. "What club?"
He unhooks John's jeans and pulls them down with his pants in a rather rough tug, immediately blushing at the sight of John's cock.
Whom he was just now forming a plan on how he would be murdering later that day, slowly, in a methodically painful manner.
They make their way out of the library in comfortable silence, Irene being sure to drop a very suggestive wink at the redhead behind the counter before they exit. It's actually nicer than Sherlock had anticipated, spending time with Irene. No expectations, no pretenses. It's...calming. And maybe a bit nice not to be in his own head for a minute.
It's like a perfect shot to John's heart, piercing through the center and shattering it into a million pieces, bringing a painful ache to his chest and tears to his eyes as he stares up at the boy he's been mad about for months offering simply his body for John's taking if that's all he can get and Christ it hurts to think about anyone, especially
He just wants to touch him again. To touch John. To touch his tanned skin, feel his warm body, taste his lips.
The voice was back. Screaming and taunting, reminding Sherlock of all his inadequacies, all the things he could never give, not because he didn't want to but because he couldn't. Reminding him that even Mycroft knew how deeply he would fail John Watson if they went down this road. Reminding him that he would never ever be enough.
Sherlock is trying desperately not to grin. The positive attention is a bit overwhelming. "Um," he mutters to his shoes. "Chemistry. I'm studying Chemistry."
And as though at its own accord, Sherlock's hand comes up to flick a wave at him, the corners of his mouth pulling up gently into a shy smile and tugs harshly at John's heartstrings, the animal inside of him fading away back into its cave, forgetting he was ever jealous at all because the look on Sherlock's face is everything, and he absolutely isn't beaming those beautiful features in the direction of the girl beside him.
"Well I suppose I can forgive you," John grins, snaking a leg between Sherlock's spreading thighs and rolling on top of him, trailing a finger along the genius boy's hairline. "But for future reference, I very much hate waking up without you. I've become quite keen on greeting the mornings with you in my arms."
Victoria flicked on the kettle then leaned over the table, resting her weight on her elbows. "Was she awful?"
"Please," John whimpered against Sherlock's neck, lips dragging over the pulse point. "I want you." God, he wanted him so very badly. "Please make love to me, Sherlock."
They sit in silence and eat their food because John is famished and when John eats, Sherlock eats, which John has learned is a big deal.
He's a safe friend. A worry-free friend. No attraction, no obsession, no fuss. A low maintenience friendship. A friendship, period.
," Mike amends smugly with a fond roll of his eyes, raising his brows at John and tossing a pointed thumb at their teammate. "This fucker thinks this weird crush he has on a hot lesbian is going to somehow go somewhere. It's adorable."
Christ, John wants to worship Sherlock at the altar, show him exactly how beautiful he is, how John's dreamt of seeing him like this for ages, how no matter what happens, John will love and adore him for all time.
"Didn't think I knew your name, did you?" John says with a raised brow. Sherlock shakes his head because he definitely
Beaming adoringly down at his mobile so hard he hopes Sherlock can feel it through the phone lines, John can't respond quickly enough.
The man chuckled. "Don't be embarrassed. But stop avoiding it and fix this. For all our sakes." With that parting shot, the man turned to leave.
A harsh throat clear cuts off the final word and Sherlock freezes where he stands, the unpleasant shiver of dread racing up his spine.
Blinking rapidly, seeming unsure how to respond, Sherlock stared, lips stuttering apart several times as if abandoning words he couldn't decide on speaking. John could feel the blood rushing to his face under the scrutiny, feeling so unbelievably foolish for bringing up something Sherlock had no interest in, let alone any opinion on.
"Nothing," Mike shakes his head like he wishes so much that he did know. "Paul's just been being really cryptic and weird and I… I think Victor is bad news. Like serious bad news. Something is definitely off."
It's a little crazy that the sight of this brilliant boy still sends John's heart racing, a fond grin already tipping the corners of his mouth upward at the view of his lover all long and lean against his sheets. He tosses his bag onto his desk chair and crawls up on the bed.
be attracted to someone. He's tried, really he has, buying ridiculous magazines and searching high and low all over the interweb. He's done his best. And his body decides to react now? To someone he's about to be
Panic seizes Sherlock's chest. "Was it just a joke?" He whispers weakly. "Were you just…just teasing me?"
He doesn't need to be told twice. Grabbing his bag and slinging it over his shoulder, the rugby player takes off out of the gym and toward his dorm room, praying that a genius boy who has become monumentally important to him is there waiting.
When the reply comes, he really debates not reading it at all before he realizes he still has no idea what to do about this date situation and resigns himself to it.
At some point, Sherlock came dangerously close to undoing John’s jeans right there on the dance floor to give him a hand job because who would notice under these lights and with the throngs of dancers that surrounded them that were only interested in their own partners, surely they could get away with it.  Though John had other ideas as he caught Sherlock’s hand before he got his belt undone and drug him to the private loo in the back and pushed him inside the spacious room, locking in the door behind them.  John slammed him up against the wall, rucking his shirt up and licking at his chest, growling at him that they do need to stay out of jail or Greg would kill them if they got nabbed for public indecency of all things, especially when they have the use of the private loo to play out their little game.
"Oh, I wouldn't say that," John gave him a knowing smile. "Come on. I'm sure those eggs you made are fried to shit now but I bet we can scrounge something else up. We have a conversation to have, yeah?"
Considering he was fantasizing about fucking Mycroft's baby brother in said place, John readily agrees. "Alright mate. Have a good night."
Mrs. Hudson had been his part-time caretaker when he was small, as well as his mother's good friend. Sherlock loved her almost as much as he loved his own mother. She was wonderful. Always smiling and laughing and telling Sherlock how brilliant she thought he was.
"Hey no come on," John argues, zipping his own kit away safely and glaring at his friend. "You have to tell me now."
"Let it go," John says, pressing a kiss to his lover's flushed cheek, hoping to convey that he does not need to have control, that he can absolutely lose all sense of propriety when he's with John like this.
Sherlock clings desperately to the rugby captain, opening his mouth and inviting that tongue that tastes like peppermint tea and honey in, gasping loudly, forgetting about everything else in the world.
All three of them are so bloody right John wants to simultaneously hug them for knocking some sense into him and ring their damn necks for being smarter in this situation than he is.
"Oh come on," he growled angrily. "I mean, is it really that shocking? Look at you. With your bloody cheekbones and your damn motorcycle and that fucking tongue ring. And now you're a stripper?"
John barely hesitated, freezing for all of one second before gripping Sherlock's hair and pulling his head back to get better access to his neck. "Don't care," John whispered between kisses. "Christ, I've wanted to do this all week." He licked a strip up Sherlock's neck and took his earlobe between his teeth. Sherlock shivered and John ran his fingers threw his hair again, soothing while he attacked his sensitive skin.
"Hey, woah," John says, pulling Sherlock back to him. "It's alright. I'm fine, okay? You don't have to do anything you don't want to."
"Sherlock," John murmurs brokenly, and without missing a beat, wraps his arms around Sherlock's waist and pulls him in to a bone-crushing embrace. Sherlock's own lengthy arms come up around John's shoulders, settling into their familiar position, Sherlock's cheek pressing onto the top of blond hair as John buries his face in Sherlock's chest. "I was so worried," John mutters into Sherlock's gown. "I was so worried about you baby. What is going on?"
John wasn't sure what he was expecting. He sort of hoped Sherlock would take it from there. Give some sort of acknowledgement one way or the other. Relief that John was single? Confusion as to why John was giving him this information? Anything at all?
And just like that, the lip curls and Sherlock's eyes widen slightly, his own lips parting with anticipation, suddenly swept away by the fact that he could watch John Watson smile for the remainder of his life.
He bites his lip at the grin that threatens to take over his features. Another conversation with John Watson. Like that's a hardship.
. Sherlock can definitely take John to dinner. John loves food and Sherlock barely has to lift a finger.
Thin white and navy stripes paint that fit torso deceivingly, making the body it belongs to look cozy and soft, the fuzzy material of the jumper disarming and gentle, the solid blocked navy draping around the shoulders and sloping down solid deltoids and triceps and biceps, wrapping around every part of John's body in just the right ways, accenting his thick muscles while simultaneously making them look warm and inviting. A white button down peeks out from beneath the collar and along the sleeve-endings, somehow slimming the already sculpted athlete, accenting all of his best body parts which, according to Sherlock, is every single one of them.
, I've just been in the library and the labs! Where do you get the nerve asking me stupid things like that?"
Until John swings his head back around, shoots Sherlock a toothy grin and drops a wink before jogging to his team's bench.
So they had watched Skyfall at Sherlock's house because John was once told that he looks a little like Daniel Craig and he can't resist torturing Sherlock just a smidge.
What the hell was that? He just witnessed his Chemistry teacher breaking and entering, an obviously illegal activity. John's heart pounded in his chest, the realization of what he just witnessed hitting him hard and he considering running back to his house, but kept his walk steady, careful not to draw attention to himself. He was racked with panic and fear and so many bloody questions…and maybe just a little excitement.
"I haven't seen her in years," John said, still in disbelief that all of that had even happened. "We barely speak."
Greg has stopped giggling and is now staring at John with one eyebrow raised. "Oh my god," he mumbles, mouth falling open.
John stared at him for a moment, than seemed to shake himself out of it. "Sorry," he murmured. "Sorry, you're right. But I feel really stupid for sitting out here, being too much of a baby to go in when even
Sherlock slams his notebook shut, pinching his fingers in his haste and biting down on a cry that threatens to leave his lips.
John Watson has been Sherlock's best friend for the better part of ten years, having joined the same grade when Sherlock had bumped up two years, his 'massive intellect' as John likes to so lovingly put it had dropped him right into classes with John Watson. Inseparable on every occasion, John's name did not leave one's mouth without Sherlock's following shortly after. They were the closest of friends and the transition into a romantic relationship had been possibly the easiest thing in the world.
"John," Mycroft calls before John can slam the door closed, tossing out his umbrella to keep it propped open. "I do apologize if I stepped over a line but you must understand where I'm coming from. Having my brother away from home has been… difficult. He's my responsibility and I only wish to see him happy."
Another nod, another confession, another truth Sherlock hadn't intended on revealing but John is looking at him like
"Well, no," Anderson agrees, "but still. You don't whoop and yell. You applaud civilly." He eyes the ranch hand disdainfully. "Like in… tennis." Anderson grimaces like the word tastes foul in his mouth.
The recital is at their school. The place John goes every day of the week for six hours a day. There is no way he could get lost.
His legs shook, begging to collapse but he held himself up by a thread, knowing if he made any movement, he may be seen, and even he knew how wrong it was for him to be witnessing this. But he couldn't go. Not yet. He was sure he deserved to see this, sure he'd done something to warrant such pain but at the moment his mind was so fuzzy he couldn't quite remember why.
John fell back on his pillows and threw his arm over his eyes, unsuccessfully resisting the urge to pout.
John's eyes were dancing again. Which was odd seeing as he hadn't danced at all tonight. Because Sherlock hadn't been there. And he wanted to dance with Sherlock.
The man grabbed two bottles and plunked them on the counter, snapping the tops off quickly. John paid and tipped rather nicely for two beers, seeing as he was acting strangely. The bartender smiled at him.
John chuckles before turning back, already zeroing in on exactly who he'll pick. "Alright then. I'll take-"
"Like I said," John leans in for another kiss, lingering over soft lips for a long moment before whispering, "I hate being away from you. Hearing from you during the day would help."
Sherlock knows he's being teased. He knows John loves his sensitive body and his long limbs and his wild curls. John has said so on no less than twenty different occasions.
And with that, Sherlock strolled out, but not before throwing a last glance over his shoulder at John to see him smiling down at his feet.
John whirls them around and presses Sherlock's back against the barn wall, pressing his lips more insistently against Sherlock's. Sherlock gasps for breath and John takes the unintentional invitation, diving his tongue into Sherlock's mouth.
you." The cackles that follow only heighten the volume of Seb's next words. "And who in their right mind would agree to
Maybe Sherlock couldn't deal with John's dramatics any longer. John actually laughed bitterly at that thought. If that were true then that was bloody rich seeing as Sherlock was the most dramatic person John had ever met.
"You can be loud, baby," John croones, accenting his words with a twist of his wrist. "Mycroft left."
"Alright, well you'll be our inside guy. Let us know if anything weird is going on. Anything out of the norm."
But the thing that had caught John off-guard, and out of breath, were his roommate's eyes. Light, possibly green irises had stared back at John that first day, widening ever so slightly before narrowing in scrutiny, trailing up and down his form without preamble. John could have sworn the color changed twice, shifting as his gaze took in everything there was to know about John Watson and making absolutely no apology for it. It had been rather exposing. And had been a bit overwhelming, if John were being honest. Mostly because he himself had been ogling the boy no subtler, barely keeping the saliva pooling in his mouth from dripping over his lips in what would have been an incredibly unattractive drool.
"You will do no such thing," John scolds teasingly. "We're going. Come on, don't you wanna take your good-looking boyfriend out on the town?" He raises an eyebrow and smirks as Sherlock fumbles for a response, throat getting dryer and face getting redder as John drops words like
Sherlock snorted, sliding his hands around John's hips. "You have nothing to worry about," he murmured. "You are who I want. I just didn't think you wanted this... a relationship... with me."
Not here to prove to this insufferable human being currently perched to the left of Sherlock's shoulder that yes, in fact, he is real and yes, in fact, he loves Sherlock and yes, in fact, they've been together for the entirety of uni thus far.
They'd moved to university together exactly seven days ago and were currently attending a soiree for all new students to meet and socialize. Some professors were also expected to be in attendance and the flyer they'd received had encouraged them to come with questions and topics to discuss with their new classmates and teachers, and to 'dress to impress.' Hence the noose around his neck.
Also: This chapter ALSO ends in a cliffhanger but it's a much NICER cliffhanger than the last! Or I mean... I think so?
John decides, as he slumps down into the fading grey seat to begin their four-hour bus journey, that he is a complete nutter. Absolutely. One hundred percent insane.
He double-checked the building and room number on his schedule before daring to throw open the doors. He'd all of a sudden become very nervous and he looked around to see several other students standing outside the door, comparing schedules. He felt his heart sink a bit. It seemed he was the only one who didn't have some sort of friend or acquaintance to start this journey with. Maybe he should have made a better effort at the party.
"I love you," Sherlock blurts, because his brain has finally caught up and his words are tumbling freely and John needs to understand. John needs to
"You weren't," Victor murmurs the words so close to his ear, Sherlock can feel the dampness of his lips and he cringes away
And Sherlock's breath catches harshly in his throat on a soft gurgle that he's sure Mycroft didn't miss. Because John is staring right back at him, ocean-deep eyes blinking up at him, pink lips corked at one side and parted in a surprised grin. "Hey!" he calls to Sherlock, flicking a hand up in a wave. "You made it!"
The indignant huff that followed the comment was all he needed for a wave of smug triumph to wash over him.
good and Sherlock is whimpering and clutching John’s sweat soaked shirt in his hands and practically sobbing to the ceiling and fuck it all to hell he will beg because he needs John. He needs him right. The fuck. Now. And John knows it and John is teasing him, twisting and stroking and exhaling heated breathes in his ear and Sherlock can feel John’s grin on his cheek and he thrusts his hips forward, begging silently, knowing he will be begging verbally in t-minus 10 seconds.
