Castiel rubs the side of his head as he pulls his bike through the door. He’s had tinnitus since he was a kid, and it flared up at random times. The ringing in his ears never lasted for very long, but it was still painful. After about two minutes of sitting still, the ringing stops. Castiel sighs and opens his laptop to look at his upcoming assignments.
Dean opened the car door and waved goodbye to his little brother. He took his small duffel of belongings out of the trunk before walking slowly into the airport. God, he hated flying. He had only ever done it once, and it was one of his worst memories.
“No!” Castiel lunges up and punches Zachariah as hard as he can, his fist making contact with his cheek. He sees Gabriel slowly getting up from where he’s crumpled on the ground.
Dean nodded, leaning into Cas’s hand in his hair. Castiel’s scent was insanely calming for him right now. His brain was still clouded from heat, and he didn’t really try to filter himself. Thoughts spilled out into words without any thought to them. “Have you ever dated another omega?”
Unfortunately, Dean didn’t take Castiel’s proposition for platonic heats very well. It was so bad that Dean was feeling the full effects of rejection, which could have been detrimental to his health. It was amplified by his heat, so in the twenty minutes it took for Michael to arrive, Dean was extremely sick.
“We didn’t really live in neighborhoods. We stayed in motels or slept in the back of the car, my car.”
Castiel wanted to fight, he wanted to argue this until there was a better solution, but it was hopeless. Luke had the perfect leverage. If Castiel didn’t follow him exactly, Dean’s chance here would be ruined. With a sigh, he gave in. “What else do I have to agree to?”
Dean huffs a bit, a grin curling his lip up on the right side. “I guess it’s not that important to know, but still. I’ve known you for two months now and I’d like to keep getting to know you.”
Poor Dean wanted to help so badly, but Castiel still didn’t feel safe letting him in. It was just too much.
Dean gave an awkward wave before proceeding upstairs to his room. He took a long, hot shower before getting into bed. He spent some time on his phone before letting himself fall asleep.
Dean tried to think of a good response. “We’re moving. We’re going to a cool new city called St. Louis. There, you’ll make a bunch of new friends at school, and we can stay at the park as long as we want. We can go anywhere we want.”
Cas brings a hand up to brush his thumb over Dean’s cheek. “Are you afraid?” His voice is quiet, but they’re so close that Dean can make out what he’s saying.
The rest of the week passes uneventfully. Castiel starts experimenting to figure out his best schedule for each day. Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays are the same, Tuesday is his lightest day with only one class, and Thursday has one class and a long class that only meets once a week.
As ten o’clock creeps closer, Castiel gets more and more excited. He checks the time every couple minutes to watch it slowly approach ten.
“I will.” Dean watched Castiel leave before retreating to his own room. He opened up his laptop and got to work. Years of tracking people as a kid and teenager for John made this easy for him. He quickly discovered that Castiel was right about his sister not having social media. He didn’t see anyone who matched the information he had from Castiel.
Dean felt much more relaxed with Sam’s presence. It made the big house feel a little more normal. There wasn’t much conversation as everyone ate. Castiel left to go tend to Luke once he finished his burger, and Gabriel retreated back to his sickness cave in the basement.
Gabriel patted Dean on the shoulder before walking to the kitchen. Dean sat down on the couch next to Claire before hugging her tightly. Gabriel was right, he needed to do this for both of them. He needed to be there for Claire, and to do that he needed to fight for his own wellbeing.
It hadn’t bothered him, at least, not until now. He had thought their problem lately was being overwhelmed by too much sex and kink, but maybe Dean just needed space. They hadn’t spent a single day apart since they got together.
As if the bullshit couldn’t pile up even more, Michael had an interesting inquiry for Castiel when he got home from work. Cas was in his room when Michael knocked.
Castiel and Dean end up dozing off on the couch for a couple hours. Castiel is the first to wake up after an hour of napping. He opens his eyes slowly and looks around. Dean is still asleep against his chest and Gabriel is gone. Castiel yawns and rubs his face. Despite the nap, he still feels exhausted from the day’s events.
Dean nodded a bit, but he couldn’t help but wonder… “But, I thought he spent his heats alone? He said he prefers it that way.”
Gabriel nodded with a smile. “I’m gonna hop in the shower, check on Castiel, then I’ll be back down to make some dinner.”
Castiel got out of bed and threw his clothes on to walk across the hall. He was out of the room quickly, which Dean knew was to avoid suspicion.
Castiel nods. “I will.” He blinks and Gabriel is gone. He lays down and stares up at the ceiling. With his decision made, he feels content. Sleep comes easily.
“Of course. I’m glad I could wait until you were comfortable. I’d wait forever just to have you.” Dean was a little taken back by his own words, but he didn’t mind. It was how he felt.
Dean nods. “Well, we’ll just have to be sure that your first time is good when the time comes. Until then, come here.” He holds his arms out like a child asking for a hug.
Dean whined as they reached the spanking bench. Eyes were definitely on them now, and it made Dean feel hot. “Cas…”
“Please, I’ve known where Castiel lives for a while now. I was just stopping by for a visit and saw you driving around.” Luke put his hands in his pockets. “Where’s the little tike?”
“Yeah, I am. I know when you wanted to make things platonic, you still planned on helping. We can do it. One last hurrah and then I’m a married man.”
Michael walked over to the bed and sat down next to Dean on the side of the bed. “I talked to the doctor earlier. They’re going to bring in a specialist to figure out the best course of action for us.”
Dean rests his head on Castiel’s shoulder. “It’s okay. Having that experience means that I can protect us if anything happens.”
“I’m not his pet. I’m his fiance. It’s nice when he’s here. He gets home and we go upstairs to his room. He gives me these fancy pajamas that I thought would be itchy but they’re actually really comfy. We sit together and watch movies until he falls asleep. I usually fall asleep right after him.”
Castiel thinks about it briefly. His room is pretty messy at the moment, and he’s not sure he washed his sheets this week. “Maybe I should stay in your room. You’ve seen mine. I don’t think you’d want to stay in there.”
“Only if you’re naughty, then.” Castiel spread Dean’s legs and knelt between them. “Are you going to be good for me tonight?”
“Look at you, even growling over him.” Luke hummed. “So, do we have a deal? Or should I go tell Michael what I know?”
Dean immediately leans in and kisses Castiel, his hand coming up to cup the other man’s cheek. Castiel wraps his arms around Dean’s waist and pulls him closer, which results in him getting lightly pressed into the side of the car by Dean’s body.
That night, Castiel didn’t sleep a wink. He packed the rest of his things and punched his pillow, occasionally screaming into it with anger. He had a large duffel bag of clothes and a suitcase full of important items, like pictures of his family and small decor items that he had in his childhood room. He carried them everywhere like good luck charms. There was a ceramic frog, a stuffed bee, and a little soccer trophy. It was all he had to remember his childhood.
From the ground, they can see the lights from Gabriel’s apartment balcony. He must have gotten his hands on LEDs that change colors. Castiel leads the way up to the apartment and knocks on the door.
“Ah, same old, same old.” Gabriel turned his attention to the kids and held his arms out to Claire. “Hey, lil booger.”
“You’re welcome. I have some more in here, with some food as well.” He held up the bag before setting it beside the bed. “Did you have a good nap?”
It was easy to talk to Castiel. They mostly talked about their kids and the funny things they did. Dean showed Castiel pictures of Claire through her childhood. He kind of wished that Castiel got to experience that with him, but the past was in the past.
Dean guided Castiel up and off of his lap before rolling them over, hovering over Castiel. He pushed back in with a groan, picking up a similar rhythm that Castiel had kept.
Dean sat down in one of the chairs. “Pretty good. I’ve just been laying around, mostly,” he paused. “I’m sorry about-”
Dean made himself a simple sandwich for lunch and stayed lounging on the couch all afternoon. At 6:00, Gabriel made it home.
Dean leads both of them out of the Waffle House. “I know.” He stops by the passenger side door of the impala.
“I know. It’s Castiel as an angel. My human life is only a small blip in all that I remember now. I’d much rather be my human self again. I like him better.”
Dean held Castiel’s hand and suddenly found that they were closer than he remembered. His cheeks heated up slightly and his face drifted closer to Castiel’s. He saw the other omega’s eyes flicker closed and that’s when he went for it. He leaned in and kissed him softly, his free hand coming up to brush his thumb against Cas’s cheek. It was only a few seconds later that Dean pulled back suddenly. “We shouldn’t have done that.”
Dean closed his eyes, tapping his thigh and shaking his leg. He ignored every movement of the car and just focused on going to a happy place in his head. That tactic worked for about half an hour, but then he needed a distraction.
“Alright,” Castiel chuckles as he walks back to his room. His phone buzzes in his pocket, so he pulls it out to check it.
“Well I’m done with that now. Find yourself a new soldier and don’t touch Dean.” Castiel realizes something. These angels won’t kill him. They value him too much. They could torture him, but Gabriel would find him eventually. He had the high ground. He takes a few steps closer to Zachariah.
Dean quickly wiped his eyes when he heard a gentle knock at his door. He took a deep breath before sitting up. “Come in.”
Castiel felt Dean’s forehead and picked up the thermometer from the bedside table. He ran the device across Dean’s forehead and looked at the reading. “You’re still in the normal range. You seem much more comfortable than yesterday.”
“He followed me to the park. I was alone and getting some fresh air before picking up Claire. He parked right beside me and started trying to scare me. I don’t know what his goal was. He said Michael was going to try to get full custody of Claire, and that he knew she wasn’t his. I tried to argue that a paternity test would make it less likely that he’d get any custody, but he said if I got one, then that would reveal your secret.”
Something happens between them one afternoon in the library. Dean keeps ripping off parts of a sheet of paper and throwing the little balls at Castiel’s head. Every time another one bounces off, Castiel kicks Dean in the leg under the table and stares at him like a mother at her petulant child. Dean just laughs and acts innocent.
Dean swallows his mouthful of food. “I know, but still. You’re lucky I’m only arguing to pay for my own and not yours too.”
Dean put the first-aid-kit back into the cabinet. “Alright. If you’re okay with it, I’ll stay with you.”
Dean shook his head and looked away from Sam, staring at the wall instead. “Not yet. Haven’t had the chance.”
After lunch, Claire usually got a little sleepy. She didn’t take a nap very often, but it happened on weekends sometimes, when she wasn’t at school. Dean took her upstairs and tucked her into the bed to sleep for a little while.
Jimmy nodded. “You doing alright with everything? I know it’s been really hectic. I know we’ve just met and all, but you’re important to Cas, so that makes you important to me.”
Dean could easily see how passionate Castiel was about his plants. It was honestly adorable to watch. He smiled as Castiel took him around the room and showed him every houseplant and told him a little bit about each one. Dean soon realized how interested he actually was in the plants. He tried to commit their names and types to memory. Maybe he could learn more about them and get a plant of his own.
Dean gently took the phone and picked his old one back up. He started up the new phone and transferred his data through the cloud. Technology was great. He ditched the old phone under the slide again. “The tracker is a chip in the phone that he had put in by some tech guy that came over. It was the compromise in letting me come to the park.”
“Thirty minutes in and Michael already ditched you, I’m not surprised.” Castiel leaned against the wall next to Dean.
With some more digging, he had a work email for Anna Novak. He should feel happy and excited for Castiel, but he felt dirty. He dug up something that Castiel probably didn’t want to share with him yet. Instead of immediately going to give Castiel the email, he sat in silence, questioning how the hell he was supposed to go about this.
Michael wrapped himself around Dean, who laid there with his eyes open, unable to stop thinking about how this was the last night he would spend in bed with Michael.
“It’s a safe neighborhood. I don’t think anyone saw me bring him inside, so they don’t know that he’s here.”
Castiel walks out of his shower, a towel low on his waist. He glances at himself in the mirror and starts walking to his bedroom, pausing when he hears a whistle.
Castiel takes Dean’s hand and kisses his cheek. “I missed it too. A day to be a couch potato was nice, but I missed being around you.” He pauses. “You can stay in here tonight if you want.”
They sat in silence for a few minutes. Castiel focused on his homework and took notes from one of his textbooks. He seemed a little stressed about it, but it was clear that he appreciated the company.
Dean saw stars, one hand flying to Castiel’s back and the other gently cupping the back of his neck to hold him closer. He waited for those blue eyes to open again, smiling and leaning up to kiss Cas once they did. The kiss was short-lived, interrupted by their impending orgasms.
“Uh, sure.” Dean stood up and took his jeans and shirt off, holding them awkwardly while he waited for instructions on where to put them.
Jack smiled appreciatively at Castiel, then picked up his fork to start eating. “Am I coming to work with you?”
Dean turned around. “I don’t care because you can’t hurt us. It’s over for you, and it’ll be over for Michael soon too. We’re free and you can’t control us anymore. I know that thought scares you, because you’re realizing that you’re not as big and powerful as you thought you were. I don’t care if you tell Michael about me and Cas. All you’re going to do is make him mad and maybe then he’ll do something stupid. Now get away from me.” He got into Baby and started up the engine, tearing away from the parking lot and driving towards the school.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, you’re right. Jack is probably the single set that goes that way, so let’s follow the others.”
“It’s just...not fun anymore. I feel tired every time we do anything sexual. My libido is usually pretty high, but it’s gone now. I’m so afraid of what this means. I know I love you but…” he sighed, “I don’t feel our chemistry anymore.”
“Right, we should do that.” Castiel led the way back inside and up the stairs to Dean’s room. “Luke told me about what the plan is.”
As Dean was setting the table, he heard a single pair of footsteps coming back downstairs. He expected Luke to be carrying Castiel again, but he saw that Luke was alone. He sat down at the only place at the table that had food in front of it and started scarfing it down. Dean barely knew Luke, and he was slightly intimidating, so he didn’t say anything. He put his own plate down at the spot farthest from Luke and started eating slowly. When Luke finished the plate of food, he stood up and left the room, and from what Dean could hear, he left the house entirely.
Sunday night, both of them pack their things for the upcoming break. Castiel’s heart is a little heavy about leaving Dean behind. As he zips up his suitcase and sets an extra bag beside it, he sighs and sits down on his bed.
Dean nodded and pulled the blankets back. “I can grab some breakfast downstairs for you, if you want.”
Castiel woke up to the sound of his alarm playing a soft tune and getting progressively louder. He turned it off and got up to get ready for his day. Today was the day Michael’s new omega was getting here. Castiel wondered what this one would be like. He missed having someone else here. The last guy only lasted two weeks, and he was incredibly boring. Hopefully, this guy would be more fun and would stay.
Dean wondered if they would be the only ones in the kitchen this morning, but it wasn’t likely. Luke and Castiel were probably there, or at least in the living room. Gabriel would be at the bakery by now.
Castiel returned a few minutes later with a few damp washcloths in hand. He sat on the side of the bed. “Starting up again?”
Dean smiles softly and nods. “Yeah, we can finally watch National Treasure if you want. Here, I’ll get the trash.” He picks up the empty bag, carrying it out of the bedroom.
Dean stares at Castiel, searching his face for a lie. He looks sincere, and that’s what scares Dean the most. “You consider me your...mate?”
Dean let go of Castiel’s hand to pull him down into a kiss. Cas’s lips were soft and felt like heaven. The scruff on his cheeks scratched gently against Dean’s face. Dean came while crying out into Castiel’s mouth, legs trembling and hands scrambling for a grip on the other man.
Dean knew Castiel had to be upset. The guy seemed like he really cared about what happened to the human, so it almost didn’t seem fair. Dean sat back down in his office chair, and his nerves were fried. How the hell was he supposed to look after this kid? He was basically a small child with no memories, and Dean was a demon. Demons weren’t very well known for their paternal instincts.
Castiel touches two fingers to Dean’s forehead and heals him of his bruises from hitting the water. “Better?”
“I know, it’s perfect. I don’t love having to buy DVDs, but older ones are cheap and it’s worth it. Jack usually plays on his tablet that’s on the seat.”
Cas grins and sits up a little. “Good choice.” He leans in and starts pressing kisses down Dean’s neck. His hands slip under Dean’s shirt and tug hard to get it off. Once Dean’s chest is exposed, he runs his hands all over it. “Are your nipples sensitive?”
Ash and Jo grab their things and thank Gabriel for hosting. Jo holds onto Ash, almost as drunk as Castiel is. Charlie stopped drinking early, so she seems fine.
Castiel huffs. “Same reasons that I used to be scared of you. She’s very intimidating and she doesn’t like me.”
Dean hired a divorce lawyer and he had his first consultation. It was a lot of information to unpack, and all he knew how to do was tell the lawyer what happened and sign documents saying he was telling the truth.
Cas immediately picks up on it. He kisses Dean’s cheek and pets his hair. “We don’t have to go any further than this.”
Dean sits forward in his seat, leaning his elbows on the table. “Never thought I’d have a first date here.”
Once Michael’s knot deflated and they laid down to rest, sleep came easily. Dean knew he needed it. They had a mid-morning flight tomorrow to Honolulu. Dean couldn’t believe he was actually going to Hawaii for his honeymoon, and he was genuinely excited.
Dean shrugged. “Those aren’t real. Even if they were, it would probably be between alphas and omegas only. We’re both omegas.”
Michael was a little awkward with getting into bed and just touching Dean in general, but Dean couldn’t blame the poor guy, he was a virgin. Dean tried to take the lead a little and guided Micheal on top of him. Dean was definitely aroused by the sight in front of him. Michael was in pretty good shape and had a nice body.
The silence that fell over them spoke volumes. They watched each other, the spark between them bursting into a small flame.
Later, Castiel gets a text from Meg asking if he can drive her to her car back at Gabriel’s place. Castiel throws on some fresh clothes and leaves the house to go pick her up.
“Well, I’ll leave you to it. Come see me more often, Castiel. Bring Dean along too. See you around.”
Dean’s heat started to work through his body, and for the first time in months, he truly couldn’t bear it. Cramps wracked through his body and made him double over. Time wasn’t relevant anymore. It felt like it had been years since Castiel left the room. Everything was so hot and damp. Dean kept wiping his forehead until one time, there was no sweat to wipe. He had stopped sweating entirely. To him, it was a relief. The room was spinning and all he could do was lay there and pant in shallow breaths.
Dean threw a leg around Castiel’s waist and kissed him back, arms wrapped around his neck. “Fuck, I missed you too.” He tangled his fingers into Castiel’s hair with a soft moan into his mouth.
He hits the water and the fear starts to eat him alive. He doesn’t know how to swim, but he remembers one thing: he can basically teleport. All he has to do is grab Dean and get them both out of there.
“It was. I think Michael resented me even more after that. He felt like he couldn’t get rid of me, so he just got angrier around me.”
Dean took a deep breath. It was overwhelming to realize how rich a family he was about to marry into.
Dean’s hands rested on Castiel’s hips. He couldn’t help but stare in amazement at the man above him. He was so beautiful it made Dean’s eyes want to melt into his skull. His eyes, his jaw, his hair, his neck, his chest, his hips, his legs, and his ass were all individual works of art that came together at the gallery of Castiel. Dean felt honored to even be able to touch him, let alone be this intimate with him.
“Of course she is. I take good care of my Baby.” Dean starts up the engine and grins. “Hear her purring?”
Cas smiles at Dean. “I should have known that you worked with cars by the way you spoke about your own car. Is that how you maintain such an old car? I imagine it’s not cheap.”
Getting into those stupid silk pajamas was almost enough to bring Dean to tears. Why did he feel like he got dumped? They weren’t even in a relationship. He took a deep breath and laid down, begging his body to just go to sleep.
Dean wraps an arm around Castiel. “I know. You can relax a little now. I doubt you’re going to get anymore bombshells today.”
Castiel stares at Dean’s arm, raises a brow, then rolls his eyes and links his elbow with Dean’s. “You’re ridiculous.”
“That sounds perfect right now.” Castiel sipped his coffee. “Do you know if Gabriel watered any of my plants?”
The scent was even stronger here than it was downstairs. It made Dean’s head spin like nothing had before.
“Michael just called and asked if you could. I think that’s their solution to his problem. Besides, it’ll take some pressure off of me to keep you satisfied.”
“Then Dean and Michael will sort out another solution. I suggest you find a good way to tell him soon. I could smell his heat coming when I passed him in the hall.”
Castiel relaxes a little at the change in subject. “I was very uncool, not that I’m any cooler now. Growing up? I guess it was alright. My parents are super religious, but they’re really accepting of me. I came out to them a year ago. Of course, I’ve known since I was fourteen, but I didn’t want to come out until I was ready.”
Castiel stood back up. “Probably that they haven’t been back since they left Jack out here. Let’s keep following this trail. It’s the best lead we have.”
Dean chewed his lip and decided not to press further on that. The man seemed like a big box of mysteries that Dean wanted so badly to unravel, but that could come later. He put on the coat and started struggling with his tie. “You can, uh, turn around.”
“You’re not supposed to leave?” When Dean looked at Sam, he remembered why this kid was going to be a damn good lawyer. He could grill someone for answers without blinking and he was obsessed with finding the truth.
Castiel had always worried about what his first time would be like. Everyone told him it would be awful and awkward because neither of them would know what they were doing. With Dean, things were easier than he thought they would be. Sure, there were a few awkward moments where one of them would mess up, but in the end, they just laugh and move on. It takes a few minutes to work out (nonsexual) kinks, but then it’s perfect.
Sam stood up straight and slightly ahead of Dean, which made Dean scowl slightly. He knew Sam got protective over everyone, stupid teenage alpha instincts, but right now wasn’t the time.
Castiel picks up his own pillow, which he knows he wants to sleep on. It’s a big, dense pillow that supports his neck and he loves it. He walks out into the hall and waits outside Dean’s room, pillow in hand.
Cas nods thoughtfully. “I don’t do well in crowded settings for very long, and if I’m honest, it was starting to overwhelm me. Do you remember when I said that my apartment is within walking distance?”
“No! Thank god, no. He never got physical with either of us. That didn’t stop the yelling, though. It was really bad at night, when Claire had to take a bath. She hates baths and has since she was a baby. She would kick and scream, and still does every once in a while. Every time she did, Michael would yell at both of us to hurry up so he could go to sleep.”
They picked up their clothes and deposited them in the hamper before getting into the shower together. Castiel insisted on washing Dean and lavished his body with loving touches. It was almost too much for Dean, but he needed it. Castiel made him feel beautiful when he felt quite the opposite.
“How do you feel? I know that was nerve-wracking for you.” Michael was still smiling, and it made Dean’s chest hurt. There were times when he felt extremely guilty about everything that happened with Castiel. It was obvious that Michael loved Dean. Dean loved him too, but it felt forced, a little wrong.
Castiel followed Dean down the stairs to the kitchen. He pulled a kitchen chair over closer to the kitchen and sat down in it. “Can you just answer one question for me?”
Castiel thinks about getting up and moving away, but he stops himself. If Dean doesn’t want things to be awkward, then Castiel should try for him. Maybe they can go back to the way things were before the Waffle House incident, as Castiel had dubbed it.
Once they were outside, Michael started calling for the limo from his phone. He glanced around and saw Castiel and Luke off to the side. Dean looked over at them as well. They looked…soft. Luke had one arm around Castiel’s waist and was cupping his face in the other. He looked like he was speaking quietly to him, maybe even apologizing?
Castiel pauses to think. “As much as I would like to remember the things we did together, the weight of all the wars I have fought is too much. I think it will eat me alive.”
Castiel steps out of his car and looks up at the little one-story house in front of him. The yellow paneling on the outside is stained with dirt, vines are creeping up the sides, and the grass is extremely overgrown. Castiel had already seen the inside of the house, which is perfectly clean and nice. He plans on fixing up the backyard while living here. Maybe his mystery roommate will help.
“Just making sure.” Dean ran his hand over Castiel’s wing before letting his fingers dive into the silky feathers.
Castiel eats lunch with Charlie at a barbeque restaurant that they both adore. He bikes home afterwards and crashes on his bed for an afternoon nap.
Sam hugged Dean tightly. “Jerk.” He took a shaky breath and hugged his brother as tightly as possible, hoping to prolong their time together.
Dean nodded and leaned against the wall, letting his eyes move around the room as Michael walked away. He thought about taking out his phone to text Sam, but that seemed rude right now. He stared at his shoes and tapped the sole of one against the chestnut-colored hardwood floors. These shoes probably cost more than everything he brought to Chicago.
Dean frowned. “And Michael won’t because he doesn’t have sex before marriage…” Dean’s face paled. He was going to be sent away. There was no way Michael would want to deal with this.
“Perfect. Thank you for doing this.” Michael gently patted Dean’s cheek before walking into the bathroom to get ready for bed.
Dean picked up the shirt and couldn’t help but smile a bit when Castiel turned his back to give him some privacy. He appreciated that right now. “How long have you lived here?”
Castiel looks at Dean and tilts his head. “I didn’t know that you had siblings. You know, you never talk about your upbringing either. I don’t know anything about your parents or your siblings.”
Dean hummed and kissed his lover’s cheek. They had slowed down since that first date. Dean spent most nights in Castiel’s bed, which was nice for Claire, who got to sleep alone again. Between the two kids and Castiel’s classes, they didn’t have a lot of time for dates. Their ‘dates’ were just evenings spent together on the couch.
As Dean predicted, the day went by mostly in the confines of Michael’s room. They mostly watched movies, but when Dean got antsy, they went for a walk in the backyard. Lunch was another home-cooked meal, and dinner was an outing to a steakhouse, which Dean was beyond grateful for. The food was good, and just being outside of the house in a place that wasn’t a crowded company dinner felt nice.
He couldn't believe it. That was really a human, right there in the station. The thought made him uneasy. At least the kid was in a cell. Dean shuddered a bit at the thought of him leaving that cell soon. Who knew what kind of trouble he’d get into? Hopefully, since he didn’t have any memories, he wouldn't have any kind of hatred towards monsters like other humans did.
Dean grins and grabs Castiel’s hand, leading him back to his room. He lets go and hops onto his bed. “Get over here and hold me.”
“You should send all of those expenses to our accountant. Chances are the family will cover them without you having to spend the personal funds you’ll receive. I’ll vouch for you if they say no.” Gabriel gave a crooked smile. “You seem like a good guy. I think you’ll be really good for my brother. This is a really selfless thing to do, and if you ever need anything, don’t hesitate to ask.”
Castiel looks down at his outfit. He’s in sweatpants and a t-shirt, which looks a little sad next to Dean’s collared shirt and jeans. “I guess not.”
Underneath the dim bunker lighting, Dean sits alone at the table, cup of coffee in hand. His back is hunched as he looks over the books of lore strewn about in front of him. It’s inching closer to three am, yet somehow, Dean isn’t tired. The coffee is just a force of habit. Usually, he would be struggling to stay awake at this hour, but tonight is different. Tonight, He’s wide awake.
Christmas Day was more stressful than Dean thought it would be. Michael wanted everyone up early for breakfast, and then they followed a schedule with all of their family traditions. Their father came over with gifts for everyone after lunch. Everyone in the household exchanged gifts before a massive dinner, which closely resembled Thanksgiving. They watched ‘It’s a Wonderful Life’ before bed, and everyone retreated to their rooms.
“Just the top half. You’ll see.” Castiel sets his clothes aside until he’s naked from the waist up. He’s dirty under the clothes, and there are a few wounds that were slowly healing.
Dean frowned softly. He’d never seen Michael so frustrated with work that he was willing to rant in that much detail. Today must have really sucked. “Sorry to hear that. How long has he been there? Maybe he’ll figure it out soon.”
“Water’s fine.” Dean looks around at some of the art hanging on the walls while Cas fills a glass of water in the kitchen.
Dean tried to pretend to be going to sleep in hopes that he would be left alone, but the alpha clearly had other ideas.
Castiel lays his head on Dean’s shoulder with a happy sigh. It’s nerve-wracking, starting this next stage of his life. The thing is, he’s not scared. After all he’s been through, he knows that with Dean, he can make it through anything. Life feels like a gift to him, one that he wants to treasure and experience to the fullest. With Dean, all of that feels possible.
Castiel walks into the living room and sits down on the chair beside the couch. “Just north of Atlanta.”
Dean cleared his throat. “It’s okay. It’s kind of my fault for backing out of the agreement with Cas.”
Dean finishes his essay a week after their first meeting. He sits down across from Castiel and passes him the printed out copy.
The rest of Dean’s heat went off without a hitch. It was still just as intimate as when it started, which didn’t scare Dean until his heat was over. Their last shower together felt like they were parting ways forever, even though they knew they’d get another opportunity for this in a month.
Castiel gets out of the car and waits for Dean with a smile. They walk up to the door, and Dean holds the door open for Castiel, making him blush and run inside quickly.
Dean blinks in surprise at how easily Cas read him like a book, then nods. “Yeah, you got me. I’m lacking in that department.”
Dean let his head rest on its side on the pillow. He just hummed in response, not feeling up to talking.
Castiel puts on a red button-up shirt and some dark jeans. He walks to his bathroom to make sure his hair isn’t awful. It still stuck up everywhere, but he knew by now that there was nothing he could do about that.
“You’re welcome. Now go hide it quickly and get back in there.” Castiel smiled softly and returned to Luke’s room.
Castiel nodded. “I planted everything, built the gazebo, and helped build the pond. You want to meet the fish?” He walked over to the pond and crouched beside it. Four koi fish swam gracefully through the water. “The one at the back is Anthony, the one with only orange and white is Nemo, the one with more black is Gerard, and the orange one is OJ, like orange juice.”
Dean panted softly as he came down from the high of his orgasm. The wave of heat was over for now and he could think clearly again. He looked down and saw the mess he made of Castiel’s t-shirt. “You should take that shirt off. It’s dirty.”
Dean nodded and looked down at his own hands, messing with a thread coming off from the sheets. The door opened and Michael stepped through, the frustrated look on his face shifting to worry when he saw Dean. “Hey, you’re awake.”
“Last time was great once you were involved. The one thing is, let’s keep it totally platonic, yeah? Just...bros helping bros.”
Dean felt Michael’s body go lax and his breathing even out as he fell asleep. Sometimes Dean felt bad for him. He seemed really overworked, but at the same time, he seemed like he loved it. He never complained once about his job and the one time Dean watched him leave in the morning, he looked excited about where he was going.
Cas smiles a little. “No, I’ve actually never done anything like this before. The most I’ve ever done is give informational talks at the Pride Center downtown. It’s never been this personal.”
Claire was grumpy when she got out of school. She just wanted to go home and sleep. Dean felt the same way.
Sex was fun when Luke was like this. They smiled and kissed at every possible moment. It was all perfect until the end, when Castiel popped a knot. He usually tried not to. Luke always said he didn’t care that Castiel was intersex, but he cared whenever any of the alpha showed within Castiel. He never said anything nasty, but it was all clear in his face. He left the room without a word, leaving Castiel embarrassed and upset. Their perfect day was ruined, and now Luke was off to go find another omega to fuck.
“Thanks, Cas.” The nickname slipped off Dean’s tongue like he had been saying it for years. He slid his phone into his pocket before walking out of the room and down the stairs. He spotted Michael near the front door, adjusting the cuff of his sleeve while he talked quietly on the phone with someone. His eyes flicked up to the stairs, landing on Dean.
Dean immediately felt guilty for making Castiel feel bad, but he really just needed space right now. “Yeah.”
After a particularly fun song ends, Cas pulls Dean in for a hug. He embraces him tightly, rocking side to side from one foot to the other. When he starts to pull back, Dean holds him against his chest. Cas’s hands move to Dean’s shoulders, and he stares at him in question, pausing to give him the power to decide what to do.
Dean looked around the house. “Let’s check out this place some more. We may find another lead.” He split up from Castiel to search the different rooms of the house. Everything was dusty and run down, but parts of the kitchen were clean. When he opened the fridge, it was working and there was food in it. There were other little signs of life, like lines in the dust on the floor where people walked.
Dean rested his head on Castiel’s shoulder. “As much as I want to keep talking, because this is a lot to unpack, it’s getting harder to think clearly.”
The rest of the afternoon was spent in the living room, playing with the kids. Once Jack and Claire were tucked in bed, the adults joined again in the living room.
Dean looked down, running his fingers along the dew drops on his glass. “I don’t know. I just...I don’t think I can.”
Dean looked at Castiel and sighed, putting Sam on speakerphone. “It’s not Michael, it’s Cas, Luke’s husband. He uh...woke me up this morning.”
Dean smiled warmly. “You’re welcome. You were amazing during my heat and went way above and beyond the call of duty, so I wanted to return the favor as best as I could.” His smile faded after a moment and the air grew slightly tense.
Castiel laughs and shakes his head. “Yes, you are.” He smiles to himself. He could get used to this. “I’m going to head back to bed. Goodnight.”
Dean shrugged. “We’re by ourselves, and I’d like to be able to get home when we’re ready. I’ll pull some sticks out of your wings.”
Dean drums his fingers on the counter and sighs. “You’re right. You’re one hundred percent right.” He sighs and drags a hand over his face. “I just can’t shake the fear.”
Castiel didn’t speak for a few seconds, but he looked like he was seeing something horrific. He let go of the wall. “We...we don’t need to look for a Nephilim. It was Jack.”
Dean shrugs. “Well, I traveled a lot because of my dad’s job, so I went to a bunch of different high schools. I was kind of nerdy, but I had a ton of girlfriends. Probably overcompensating because I realized that I liked dudes too.”
Fortunately, Dean was understanding and sympathetic. He didn’t push for any more information once he found out that Castiel was homeless for five years. He even seemed like he felt guilty for asking, which wasn’t Castiel’s intention.
Michael didn’t seem to mind, though he was surprised by Sam’s height. “It’s nice to meet you, Sam. Michael Milton.” He shook Sam’s hand firmly. “Dean speaks very highly of you. I know he’s very proud.”
Castiel looked shocked. His eyes were sparkling with tears as he listened to Dean. “You really don’t care about that?”
Castiel rubbed Dean’s thigh. “Shhhh, it’s okay. I’m sorry. I’m just kidding. No more games. You can come now.” Castiel wrapped one hand around Dean’s cock and slid two fingers into his hole. At the same time, he started stroking Dean quickly and finger-fucking him hard and fast, curling his fingers against the omega’s prostate.
Castiel nodded. “Thanks. It was really hard at first, but I love being a dad. Part of me felt like Jack was my only chance to have my own kid.”
“I know, my love.” Castiel kissed Dean’s forehead. “That doesn’t mean you won’t still get punished for it.”
Dean leaned his head on Michael’s shoulder, letting out a happy sigh. He really was happy. He had grown to like his life here. It wasn’t what he had pictured for himself at all, but he had found ways to keep himself happy and busy. Now that he was married, he could stay here forever, and Sam would be sent through school without any worry about it being paid for.
“That’s possible. I can’t get pregnant, but I think we should save that for another time. I’d rather discuss a step like that when you’re not in heat.” Castiel kissed Dean’s cheek. “I just want to make sure you’re okay with everything before we do it. Your consent and comfort are extremely important to me.”
“I don’t, which is why I don’t have a car. In fact, I can’t drive at all. I’m aware that I play into the “gays can’t drive” stereotype, but I honestly don’t need to drive.”
“Oh, of course. If I were you, I’d shower first. Both of us reek of your heat. I’m about to go back to my room to shower.”
“Dead mom, nutjob dad. I practically raised the kid.” Dean was surprised at himself for even saying that much about his family life to Michael.
Dean swallows nervously before slowly sitting up. He crawls over Cas and ignores how hard his heart is pounding. He’s not sure if it’s the fact that he’s never done this before or his fear of repercussions for doing this that’s making him so terrified. Taking on the responsibility of leading the way is scary too.
Castiel sucks in a breath and bites his lower lip, his head falling back. His wings unwrap from around both of them.
Dean chuckled and picked up one of the dishtowels and started helping fan the smoke. “I can cook alright. What do we have to work with?”
Castiel walks into the apartment and spots Ash and Jo already playing beer pong. Meg is on the couch, lounging back with a cup in her hand.
Castiel stares up at Dean like he’s crazy. “No it wasn’t. Dean, you don’t have to tell me what it was about or anything, just let me take care of you. You were scared and you don’t have to be.”
Dean tries to hold back, but he can’t help it when Cas is sucking and licking at such a sensitive area, one that he didn’t even know existed for him.
Dean had hoped to see Castiel early in the morning before his flight, but he was probably still asleep. The flight was long, more than nine hours. They landed early in the afternoon, which was trippy.
Dean sat down and started eating. Jack was a little slower to start, but soon enough he was chowing down. “What did you eat for lunch?”
“Well, that usually works. Sometimes it doesn’t. Poltergeists start as ghosts, meaning it was a person at some point. If we figure out who, we can salt and burn the remains and it’ll go away.” Dean squeezes Castiel’s hands. “We’ll fix this, I promise. You should have told me sooner.”
“It’s okay. You didn’t know. I know you want to comfort Castiel, but this happens every once in a while, and he’s always fine on his own. Luke has a short temper, and Castiel stands his ground, no matter what. Every now and then, they collide in a big fight like this. They always work it out. It’s just what they do. Other than times like this, they’re happy, so you don’t need to worry.” Michael walked over to the bar, ignoring Luke at the other end.
“I will if I see him again.” Dean sighed. “I just want this whole process to be over so I can move on.”
On the third day with Jimmy, Dean was home alone while Jimmy went to go pick up Jack. He wondered if Castiel was doing alright. If his heat was the same as it was back in Chicago, it would be done by today.
Castiel smiled. “Yeah, except now you don’t have to sneak as much. You just avoid waking up Claire.”
“I hope it does too. And don’t worry, I’m not going anywhere. Believe me, I’ve been through some really rough spots myself. I know what it’s like. It’ll pass and you’ll feel better.”
Dean looked around the room for a target. He spotted a man about their age, who quickly looked away when Dean saw him. Perfect. He stared back at him until the man looked their way again. Dean winked and gave a slight tilt of his head, beckoning the man to come closer. He let his legs fall further apart and his head fell to the side slightly. He knew how to put on a pretty show.
Dean paused before continuing. This time, he paid attention to what he was doing. He ran his hand along the top bone, and his eyes widened when Castiel bit back a moan. He waited a few seconds before doing it again. The wings fluttered under his touch. He raked his fingers through the feathers again.
Michael stood up, excitement still prominent in his scent. “Let’s get ready for bed. It’s late, and we have the entire day together tomorrow.”
“Dude, have you been working out more?” Castiel was slim and all lean muscle back in Chicago. Now he had abs and huge arms that Dean wanted to kiss all over.
On the car ride home, it hit Castiel that Michael never proposed. Dean looked really nervous now. Castiel couldn’t tell if he was happy or upset that Michael didn’t propose at the dinner. He knew a public proposal would have been a lot for Dean, but now that it didn’t happen, Dean looked scared. Castiel could only hope something would happen soon.
Castiel shrugs. “My parents bought it for me. I can’t complain. I’ve been driving it since I was sixteen. Anyway, we had a really good time. We talked about ourselves and Dean started flirting with me. I tried to flirt back, but we both know how bad I am at that. When we walked outside, he kissed me. It was good. We went back home, and after a few days of not talking about it, we did. We both agreed that we’re not ready for a relationship so we’re staying friends.”
Once she was ready to go, Dean led the way downstairs and gave her a plate of toast and scrambled eggs, which she was enthusiastic about eating.
The man looks at Castiel and gives a tired wave. “Hey, Casti...Cas. I’d love to stay up and talk, but I really need to sleep. I’ll see you in the morning.” He starts trudging back to the right side bedroom, but pauses.
Castiel seemed to get frustrated after a while. “Fuck it.” He placed his hands on Dean’s chest and started bouncing hard and fast, his eyes screwed shut in pleasure and focus.
Dean hung his head and took a few minutes to catch his breath and calm down. Once he was ready, he pulled his head back up. He noticed that someone was walking up to them without turning away. Dean tried to get a good look at him, and he looked oddly familiar.
Dean paused. He probably shouldn’t be reading this, but it was right there. He felt wrong, and knew it was wrong, but he kept going.
Castiel smiled, kissing Dean’s nose. He moved back and sat on his knees in between Dean’s legs, hurriedly spreading them.
Castiel met Meg in his residence hall during his freshman year. They lived down the hall from one another and had a math class together. They started talking in a study group for that class, and their friendship took off from there.
Dean watched the location of the call disappear as the call ended. He closed his laptop and sat quietly, trying to be a calming presence for Castiel, who looked stunned and scared.
“It’s okay, Dean. I don’t believe in premarital sex, but I don’t have an issue with premarital nudity. Besides, I’m not completely stripping.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “I was thinking I could show you around Athens today. We’ll take the bus, since Baby still needs a new starter. We can get one while we’re out.”
Dean gave a tiny smile back. It’s not what he would have picked, but maybe Michael was right. Spending a week in the hospital would suck. He saw that Dr. Barnes was looking at him, and he smiled a little wider when she seemed interested in his opinion. “Yeah, I’ll go home.”
Michael kissed Dean’s forehead. “Goodbye, Dean.” He picked up his phone and left the room, leaving Dean by himself in the hospital bed.
Dean takes his hand off of his face and looks down at the one that Castiel is holding. He squeezes Castiel’s hand back. “You’d be okay if we went really slow?”
“No, don’t be sorry. I don’t need their money and I don’t want them in my life. I was hardly part of the family anymore, so it was just the cord being cut once and for all. I have my own place, my business, my girlfriend, lots of friends, and I’ve got you two idiots. I don’t need them.”
Castiel feels an even deeper connection to Dean now. Hearing the story of his childhood makes him feel heavier inside, knowing all the pain Dean must have been through. It makes him feel incredibly privileged to have grown up so protected. The gratefulness he feels for his parents grows exponentially. It could have been so much worse.
Castiel lets go of Dean’s hand and sways where he stands. “C’mon, I can kiss my friends when I’m happy! I’ll kiss everyone in this room!”
Castiel takes another deep breath. He rehearsed this one in the car. “What is going to be different about you in a few months from you right now? I don’t think that much is going to change. You’re letting fear of failure rule over you. If you’re truly not emotionally ready, I understand that. But, I don’t think that’s the case. I think you’re just scared, and that’s okay, because I’m scared too. I’ve never done this before, but I really like you. I’ve never felt this with anyone and it grows everyday. Everyday it gets harder to just be your friend. So why are we waiting?”
Dean was happy that he had figured out how Cas liked to be treated when he was upset or hurt. Distractions were always best. He liked to listen to Dean talk. So, Dean told him that Michael was grumpy about work, told him about talking to Sam today, and talked about what he planned to do the next day. He made sure Castiel was cleaned up with little band-aids over the punctured skin.
Dean hugged Cas tightly and sighed. “We still have this time, yeah? We can still be buddies and hang out all the time.”
Dean looks out the window at the skyline, resting his chin on his hand. “Sometimes it’s weird to think about how different our lives were growing up. I moved around constantly and lived everywhere. It was never big cities, sometimes we stayed in the suburbs around the city, but never directly in it.”
Castiel wraps his arms around Dean’s neck, and that’s when the sense of normalcy starts to creep back in. None of it is the same as it was before, but Castiel feels like himself again. It gives him hope that everything is going to be okay going forward.
Dean shifts, chewing his lip to bite back noise. No one has ever touched him like that, and he loves it.
For the rest of the afternoon, Castiel sits on the couch binging House. He snacks on a bag of chips and feels his body finally relaxing. He didn’t realize how tense he was until now.
Dean kept fanning the smoke until the kitchen had mostly cleared. “Oh, wow.” He set the towel down and shifted. He was getting really queasy now. He breathed slowly through his nose and shakily made his way over to the sink. He splashed his face with cold water twice before his body gave in and he vomited. A soothing hand was immediately on his back as he emptied what little content he had in his stomach. When he brought his head up, he was guided to a chair and sat down.
“Fuck, fuck! Dean!” Castiel cried out, throwing his head back. His hips faltered slightly as he started to get even more desperate and riled up.
Dean wanted to go back inside and try to relax, but it was impossible. He was terrified of the potential outcomes of this. He came up with every good and bad scenario in his head, the thoughts eating away at him.
Dean nods. “Yeah, really close. Dad worked a lot, so it was just the two of us most of the time. Hell, I practically raised the kid until I went off to college. Half of the reason I went to college was so I could get a good job and provide more for him. He wants to go to Stanford of all places. He’s probably going to get heaps of scholarships, but he’ll still have loans. I want to help him pay for them.”
Dean wanted so badly to shake his head, to scream for help, but with Michael’s hand still there, he felt powerless. He simply nodded.
“God, I’m sorry, I had to stop my suppressants when I got here so I started my heat. It just ended.”
Cas nods slowly before running his thumb around the perimeter of one of Dean’s nipples. His thumb and forefinger pinch lightly, testing for a response.
“Then go be bad at it. Trust me, it’s cute. Go be awkward and just be honest about how you feel. That’s all you need.”
Castiel picked up two backpacks, one that was clearly meant for Jack, and one for himself. He picked Jack up and waved goodbye to Dean and Claire as he left the house.
“Well, you're in my car, almost at my house. Castiel will come visit when he can, and we’ll find a safer spot for you soon.” Dean parked in the driveway and got out of his car. “Quickly, before my neighbors see.”
Friday rolls around and Castiel and Dean are at Gabriel’s place. Dean has had a few beers, and Castiel is close to wasted. He’s stuck to the hard liquor and made himself multiple strong mixed drinks.
He must have an unsure look on his face because Cas reaches up to cup his cheek. “Take a deep breath. What you’re doing isn’t wrong. If you want it, take it.”
He watched from his window when Michael and Dean got in the car to the airport. He wished he had the strength to say goodbye to Dean, but he just couldn’t. It hurt too much to even think about doing.
Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand with a soft smile. “Yeah, I’ll do my best to keep it fun. I’m sure I’ll have a great time.”
Dean blinked in surprise at the subject change, but went along with it. “Yeah, he didn’t really find out in the best way. I stopped my suppressants so he could get my full scent profile, and I thought I’d be fine during my heat, but apparently not. Gabriel and Cas took me to the hospital while Michael was at work and he found out there. We have a system worked out now, so everything’s okay and safe.”
Dean shivered once the water had gone cold and leaned forward to unplug the drain. He carefully got to his feet, holding onto the wall.
Castiel reads over his paper for the third time, trying to figure out what exactly he doesn’t like about it. He stops when a figure sits down in front of him. He peeks over the edge of his laptop and smiles a bit when he spots Gabriel. “Hello.”
Castiel takes his last few bites of food and stands up to wash his bowl. He joins Dean at the sink and rinses his bowl out. Dean bumps his hip against Castiel’s, knocking him to the side a bit. Castiel raises a brow and bumps him right back.
Dean looked at Castiel’s shoulder and drew in a breath between his teeth. There were a couple teeth marks that were slowly oozing blood. “Nothing we can’t fix. There’s not a lot of blood, but he definitely broke the skin.” Dean opened up the first aid kit and started cleaning the bite. “Do you want to talk about something else?”
Dean chuckled softly and reached forwards again. He ran his fingers through the feathers, drawing a long moan from Castiel. “I never thought I would get to defile an angel.”
There was a fluttering of wings and a sensation of wind being blown in Dean’s face. When he blinked, they were in the middle of the woods somewhere. His head was spinning and he thought he might fall over.
“Ah, a classic car buff. I knew you were probably into something like that.” Cas crosses his arms loosely over his chest, his posture relaxed.
“My parents couldn’t even look at me or Jimmy after what happened.” Castiel saw some confusion on Dean’s face. “Jimmy is my identical twin. He’s five minutes younger than me, hence why I’ve referred to him as my younger brother.”
Dean arrives back at the house at five forty-five with armfuls of groceries. Castiel had wondered when he’d go shopping, since he had eaten nothing but take-out all weekend.
“Potty mouth.” Dean teased, nuzzling his face into Castiel’s neck to get more of that delectable scent.
Jimmy and Dean left to drop the kids off at the same time. Dean decided to get some coffee afterwards, so he was a little later than Jimmy getting back to the house.
The dynamic between Dean and Castiel surprisingly doesn’t change much. They still make fun of each other, but now it’s even more flirty. With classes, they only see each other in the library and in the evenings. They stare at each other more while in the library. Dean occasionally pokes Castiel in the leg with his foot to start a small kicking war.
Dean blinked in surprise and hid his disappointment as best as he could. In any other scenario, sirens and red flags would be everywhere in Dean’s mind. Something about the entire arranged relationship had Dean ignoring warnings he would have been on top of usually. “Sorry.”
Of course, it couldn’t last. It was two months before the wedding, and Dean was nearly due for another heat. Castiel was in his room doing a crossword puzzle from the newspaper while he listened to music. His door opened and Luke walked in, locking the door behind himself.
Cas tears open the condom wrapper, tosses it into a trashcan, and then rolls the condom over Dean’s cock. He strokes him a few times, his thumb teasing under the head and drawing a moan out from Dean. “I think you’re going to love this.” He shifts forwards until he’s hovering over Dean’s cock. He lines up, then slowly begins sinking down. “Oh, yes…”
Castiel shook his head with a sigh. “Ridiculous.” He picked Jack up. “As much as I’d like to let them play longer, we should get moving. Is your driver out of sight?”
“I’ve made you an appointment at a fertility clinic. I know the tests were normal, but I know something’s wrong with you. We’ve done everything right.”
Castiel nods. There’s no way he’s announcing to everyone in the room that he’s hearing voices. “Yeah, it’s just so loud that it hurts. It gives me a massive headache, so I have over-the-counter migraine meds to help. It never lasts for more than a few minutes so I have no idea if the meds help or not. Either way, it’s a nuisance.”
The door opens and a red flash of hair comes through the door. Charlie sets something on the counter before running to Castiel and hugging him tightly.
“I’ll call you back, I have a dinner to get to.” Michael hung up the phone and slipped it into his pocket. “Ready?”
Castiel sighs. “I’m sorry about that. It’s been a little rough lately, but I can pull it back together.”
He looks around a few of the booths with art made by LGBTQ creators. It’s all beautiful, and he wishes he had the money to buy it all.
Dean rolled his hips back and whined. Everything had stopped building and had plateaued for a few minutes now.
“I know. But, I saw this and I knew you’d like it.” Dean pulls the item from behind his back and presents a thick, blue book. “It’s American Gods by Neil Gaiman. You said you wanted to read more by him and I’ve actually read this before, a few years back. It’s really good and I think you’d like it.”
Dean nodded. “No problem. I’m gonna head upstairs to bed. If you need anything, I’m in the room at the end of the hall.”
“Of course. That sounds nice.” Castiel waited another ten minutes before his knot deflated and he pulled out. He saw where the condom had split open right at the tip. He pulled it off and tossed it into the trash can beside the bed. They’d have to get rid of that later. Instead of taking Dean’s hand, he scooped him up into his arms, carrying him bridal style. Dean whined softly, but didn’t put up a fight.
Dean and Castiel return home that night and decide to sleep together in Dean’s room. After the normalcy of a college party with their friends, things feel like they’re falling back into place. Castiel can’t stop thinking about how grateful he is for the element of choice he had in this. Michael could have easily forced him back into angel work, but instead, Castiel got to choose his human life. All of that makes the little things feel that much more important. It makes his relationship and his friendships feel like magic.
Gabriel slaps his hands onto the counter. “I didn’t buy all of this food for it to be ignored. Get over here and eat.”
Dean looked out the window as well. They were moving up a long, winding driveway. Dean’s jaw dropped when his eyes laid upon an enormous house and large garden. White columns contrasted against the dark red bricks. Orange and yellow flower bushes lined the front of the house. Everything was picture-perfect.
All Dean can do is stare up at Cas and fight the urge to push up into the delicious heat. He takes in slow, deep breaths and takes in Cas’s beauty.
Jo is considered the baby of the friend group. She’s a sophomore and only nineteen, so everyone is protective over her, especially Dean. He treats her like a little sister, much to her dismay. Despite her age, she’s the life of the party. She can beat everyone in the room at Texas Hold ‘Em and holds her liquor better than her counterpart, Ash.
Castiel grins. “Awww, are you worried ‘bout me? That’s real sweet, Dean.” The drunker Castiel gets, the more southern he sounds. Despite being raised by parents from the Midwest with no southern accents, being raised in Georgia means he’s surrounded by the accent. He doesn’t have much of one himself, but parts of the sweet drawl start to peek through now that he’s drunk.
They took a good thirty seconds to stay very still and catch their breaths. Castiel finally pulled out and let go of Dean’s wrists. He reached up to take the collar off, but Dean whined and pushed his hands away.
Dean chuckles. “It’s going to be so weird to party with him knowing that he’s not human.” His eyes widen. “Wait, can he even get drunk?”
Castiel watches Dean. “Are we playin’ the bitch cup rule? Do we have to get on our knees if we get bitch cup?”
Castiel suddenly feels a pull in his gut. Something’s not right. He swallows and holds his backpack a little tighter. “Actually, I have another class to get to, so I should get going.” He turns around to leave, but then there’s a hand on his shoulder. He tries to pull away, but when he blinks, he’s no longer in the classroom.
Castiel followed Dean to the plant. “Scindapsus pictus exotica. It’s sometimes called a silver satin pothos, or silver satin philodendron, but it’s actually neither a pothos nor a philodendron. See how the leaves have almost a silver shimmer to them? They’re curling because he’s thirsty. His name is Stanley.” Castiel stood on his tiptoes to water the plant. He pulled the yellow leaf off.
Castiel changed into some comfortable pajamas as well and carried a big, fluffy blanket back downstairs for them. He sat on the couch and put half of the blanket over his back, holding the rest open for Dean.
Dean nods, raising his eyebrows. “You seem to have it figured out then. You’re a junior too, right?”
Dean smiles and looks back at his laptop. “Just in case, I’ll fix those comma errors you circled. I don’t know how much of a stickler this guy is for that kind of stuff. Luckily, this is the only essay I have to write for this class. There’s not another one listed in the syllabus.”
Dean nodded. “I guess that makes sense.” He looked back at Jack. “Good talking to you.” He walked back to his office, his head spinning slightly.
“I’m doing online classes so I can stay home with Claire and Jack for as long as possible. I’m an engineering major.” Dean’s voice was a little prouder, and he sat up slightly. He was excited to start classes, more so than he thought he would be.
Dean laughed softly. “Alright, alright.” He backed off, lips red and puffy. He got out of the car and locked it once Castiel was out too. They looked all ruffled up, cheeks red and clothes a little wrinkled.
Dean woke up to the feeling of gentle fingers brushing through his hair. He opened his eyes and saw Michael propped up on one elbow, watching him sleep.
Castiel took his hand off of Dean’s shoulder, and it made Dean’s heart sink to his stomach. Castiel stood up and knelt down in front of Dean’s face. “If that’s really how you feel, then I’ll understand, but I think there might be another explanation.”
After dinner, Meg announces that she has to leave to finish setting up her apartment. They part ways in the driveway, and Castiel walks inside alone.
Just seeing everyone made Dean smile from ear to ear. He couldn’t imagine a happier, more welcoming event. Claire was cheering from on top of Jimmy’s shoulders, and Jack was beaming as he watched.
By February, wedding planning had really kicked in. Michael wanted a spring wedding, so their date was set for April 15th. Dean’s heats had picked up a semi-regular pattern, down to a few days of error. They had looked at a calendar and figured out a day that wouldn’t be one where Dean was in heat.
It begins with dancers. There’s a color guard with flags, bands on floats, drag queens and kings, and people of all kinds celebrating.
Just before Dean was about to go home, the squad cars returned. Dean walked outside to see if they found anything, and sure enough, they did. One of the officers got a teenage boy out of the back of his car, and he was human. Dean felt his stomach turn a little, and he retreated back inside.
“I don’t really know. Ever since I've arrived, there’s been a connection between us. I could only assume it was sexual tension. I always thought you were attractive.”
Dean yelps at the sudden pinch, but the noise quickly turns into a moan. He wants to tell Cas that he likes him too, but he’s terrified. It’s that one step closer to facing his sexuality that’s so difficult.
Castiel looks at the two liquors available. “For a shot? Give me the whiskey. I’ll only take vodka shots if I’m desperate.”
Dean read an ebook on his phone for a while before getting antsy and thirsty. He slipped out of bed and walked down the stairs to get a glass of water.
Dean pauses. He seems to be thinking over his answer carefully, as if he’s trying to decide whether or not to trust Castiel. “Yeah. It was about Lisa.” The answer is unsure, and Castiel isn’t sure if he believes Dean.
Dean finished his water and set the glass aside. He hummed as he watched Castiel, just enjoying the silence. “This reminds me of when I’d sneak out of bed and we’d meet downstairs to talk.”
“Pretty good. Not a lot of people came in, first day and all. I think it’ll work out great.” Dean starts putting away his groceries, which seemed to include a lot of snacks, but a healthy amount of items for meals as well.
Dean glances at Castiel, who has a concerned look on his face now. “Uh, yeah. My roommate drove me.”
“You ever think about trying to contact your siblings? How much younger are your brothers? Would they be old enough to be on their own?” Dean paused. “Sorry, I shouldn’t-”
Castiel smiles back. “I’m glad I’m rooming with you too.” A silence falls over them, and it makes Castiel’s cheeks turn a little pink.
With that point taken, Dean wraps a hand around his cock and starts slowly stroking. He has to close his eyes at first just to get over the initial nerves. He’s turned on, so he focuses on that feeling, chases it like a kid chasing a kite.
“Five, four, three, two, one!” Castiel holds his drink in the air and looks at Dean. They stare at each other for a second or two, then it happens. They lean in simultaneously and kiss one another. After spending all day together as a couple, and with the influence of the alcohol, the want is too hard to ignore. It doesn’t matter to them that their friends are watching. All they want is this moment together.
As soon as Castiel heard the car coming, he stepped outside the front door to watch. When a man stepped out of the car, Castiel had to hold his jaw shut to keep it from dropping. This guy was drop-dead gorgeous. What was his name again?
Castiel had been rejected before. It was back in high school, and he met him at the Gay Straight Alliance club. His name was Balthazar, and he was a little strange, but Castiel liked him. He was good looking and funny, and also gay. That was a big factor. Castiel asked him out after one of the meetings one day, and he got firmly rejected. Somehow, the rejection from Dean feels worse. Maybe it’s because Castiel had been so sure he felt real chemistry between them. Then again, what would he know? He had never been in a relationship before.
Castiel was fresh out of the shower when he arrived in the kitchen. He looked exhausted and not even a t-shirt covered all of the love-bites. He ate dinner with the group and asked Sam about Stanford, smiling politely and listening to him excitedly rave about his classes.
“There is. We’re just waiting for him to be emotionally ready.” Part of that didn’t feel like a lie. They were waiting to tell people because Dean wasn’t ready. Castiel was looking for any way to rationalize the lying at this point.
The inside of the building looks about like any other doctor’s office. Most of the system is automated, so Castiel has to spend five minutes at a computer filling out his information and why he’s there. Once it’s done, he sits in a chair for about ten minutes before he’s called back.
Castiel looked over at the fence and froze when he saw a familiar face walking into the playground area. Those piercing green eyes finally landed on Castiel, and the other man froze as well.
Dean felt really, really guilty after reading that. He marked the email as unread and set his laptop aside, anxiously waiting for Castiel to return.
“Damn, you’re married now? Crazy. So you were okay? Nothing happened to you after Mom and Dad threw you out?”
At home, they’re more touchy. Dean slides his hand across Castiel’s lower back while passing him in the kitchen. Castiel rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder to watch him cook.
“Night, Michael.” Dean closed his eyes, drawing in a deep breath and letting it out slowly. One thing he could really appreciate about Michael was his honesty. There wasn’t anything Michael had said to Dean that wasn’t one hundred percent true. It was comforting, and something Dean wasn’t really used to. With that comfort, sleep came easily.
“Yeah, especially with Michael trying to get me pregnant. I’m pretty sure he’s sterile, because all of my tests came back normal, and he’s been trying for almost a year.” Dean kept his voice low so that Claire wouldn’t hear him over the sound of the TV.
“He is. Even our parents couldn’t tell us apart. We look different now. He keeps his hair shorter than mine. We do dress the same for work.”
Castiel opens the car door and slides into the passenger seat, buckling himself in. He puts a hand on his chest, willing his heart to stop beating so fast.
Dean was too tired to need anything right now. He didn’t bother taking his clothes off. He tucked Claire in on one side of the bed and got in the other. He was out like a light within minutes, getting some of the best sleep he’d had in years.
That night, Castiel starts to fall asleep on the couch with Dean in his arms. He looks down to see that Dean is already fast asleep. He debates getting up and inevitably decides that he’s comfortable enough to sleep there. He lets his head rest against the back of the couch and drifts off into a peaceful sleep.
Dean nodded and rubbed his eyes before threading his fingers through his hair with a yawn. “Okay. See you then.” He blinked and pulled back a bit when Michael tried to kiss him. “Haven’t brushed my teeth yet.”
Castiel picked up a washcloth and their body wash to wash Dean. This was probably Dean’s favorite part of their usual aftercare. Castiel didn’t always bathe him normally, but after a scene, this was perfect. Castiel also gave fantastic scalp massages when washing his hair, so that was a bonus.
Castiel nodded. “It’s usually like an apple orchard, just sweet apples and open air. When your heat started I noticed the cinnamon.” He cast his eyes down, rubbing at his face.
Gabriel nodded. “I’m sure. Have you seen the online petitions recently? That program you signed up for, Dean, it might get shut down in the upcoming months. There have been multiple abuse cases that have come out of it, and it’s questionable, legally. It was basically the legal way to buy a spouse, but that might change soon.”
Castiel shook his head with a gentle smile. “It’s okay. You said it calms you down, right?” He scooted closer to Dean and tilted his head to the side. “You can scent me.”
Dean smiled back, even though for some reason, the word ‘friend’ hit him hard in the chest. The topic instantly changed when Dean’s stomach growled. “Do you think it would be okay if I made breakfast?”
Castiel unlinks their elbows and turns to face Dean. Suddenly, they are very, very close to one another. Their faces are mere inches apart. Dean glances at Castiel’s lips, pausing as he stares.
Castiel’s heat scent was different. Dean already found his normal scent very calming and nice, but his heat scent was that times one thousand, plus the added cedarwood scent. It was different, sharp, and what exactly made it that way perplexed him. He didn’t have an answer or even a guess as to why it was there, but hey, he wasn’t complaining.
Gabriel flipped Michael off and stayed in the chair with his arms crossed. “I protected your future husband and mate. Get your head out of your ass.”
Dean licked his lips softly as he finally got a look at Castiel in the nude. What caught his eye first wasn’t actually his cock, it was those hipbones. God, they looked sharp enough to cut someone. He had a cute, muscled stomach and strong runner’s thighs. His calves were slim and strong, as Dean already knew from seeing him in basketball shorts one time.
Castiel got up and followed Dean. “Of course. I’m not the one who cooks them, though. Gabriel is a mastermind in the kitchen. He owns a bakery, so he makes all of his sweets during the day, and then cooks at night.”
Dean nodded and wrapped his arms around Castiel’s neck. He felt like he might actually need to be carried right now because of his sore ass and thighs.
Dean walked around the plant room and watered the plants that needed watering. He heard footsteps and saw Jimmy walking in with a pitcher of water.
Time seemed to pass even faster with Jack around. He grew quickly, and Castiel loved being a dad. Every once in awhile, Castiel pictured himself with a husband, watching Jack grow up. Every time he had that fantasy, he’d picture Dean. God, he missed him.
Castiel didn’t have a chance to spend much time with Sam due to Luke’s rut. He moved back and forth between Luke’s room and the couch whenever he could catch a break. It was tiring, but he genuinely wanted to help his husband through his rut. He could say no. Luke would probably call in one of his ‘omega friends’ to help him out instead. Despite their issues, Castiel still felt sick with jealousy just thinking about some other omega being with Luke during his rut.
Dean squeezes Castiel in his arms. He lets out a sigh of relief. “Don’t scare me like that again. I can’t lose you, Cas.”
Michael was in the back garden on a business call. It seemed strange that someone would call so late, but Michael clarified that the person was in Hawaii and it was the middle of the afternoon there. Dean felt antsy and alone in the bedroom, so he ventured downstairs to the living room.
“I won’t.” Castiel whispered, breathless moans escaping his lips. It didn’t take him long before he was lining himself up with Dean’s cock, his dark eyes meeting Dean’s. “You ready?”
Gabriel pulls a card table out from his bedroom and sets it up in the middle of the living room. “Who here can beat me at beer pong?”
Castiel stands up and leaves his backpack on the floor. He wipes the tears from his eyes and lets out a shaky breath.
“The one in the middle, the easiest one to hit. You can aim for it if ya want. No consequences to hittin’ it first except losin’ your own pride. Bitch cup is free reign once you get any other cup.”
Dean grins. “I’m peachy. Nothing beats the feeling of being done with exams. I feel good about all of them, so I’m excited to see my grades.”
The cuddling lasted for about half an hour. Castiel spent the time either resting with his eyes closed or playing with Dean’s hair. Dean tried to rest and relax, but eventually, the discomfort started getting to him. He couldn’t stay still and the room felt stuffy. His head still felt pretty clear, so he was thinking coherently.
Castiel hummed. “I became a recluse. I was deeply depressed. I stayed on earth and hid away in a small home, doing nothing. I felt useless without a human to protect, or a war to fight. Then I talked to a few friends, and they suggested I look for a job. I finally listened, and started training to work at the station. I went to school, and became a detective. I’m glad I did. I was really going downhill for a while there.”
Dean hung up and carried the plates to the table. He made three tacos for each of them with a side of chips and homemade salsa.
Castiel’s second class comes right after the first, and it’s halfway across campus. He gets on his bike and rides it as fast as he can to the other building. This class is much smaller and focuses on creative writing, which is by far his favorite subject.
“It’s the last time we’re ever going to be able to do this. Why don’t we just do everything? There won’t be a lot of time to build up feelings again, just one heat. We get it out of our systems, then quit forever.”
“For what? We’re both in the same boat here. We’re stuck. For different reasons, but we’re still stuck here. You don’t have anything to be sorry for.”
Dean took a moment to get his bearings before he started looking as well. There was nothing obvious to the naked eye. He didn’t see any footsteps or clothing scraps, until he looked closer. “Cas, look. Three sets of footsteps.” He followed them to a dent in the ground that was about the size of a person. After the dent, there was only one set of footsteps.
Castiel shakes his head. “I’m going out the window!” He runs for the window, but it slams shut in front of him like the door.
Dean starts to slow down, his brain working overtime. His kisses become less passionate, and his hands become more unsure.
“Well now I know I’m not crazy, and I know where they’re coming from. It makes them less scary.” He brings his hands up and covers his ears. “They’re just really loud.” He can tell he’s speaking louder now.
“I know it’s a lot to take in. It was overwhelming for Castiel too. He’s adjusted well, but it’s taken a while. He expressed an interest in helping you through your own adjustment.”
Castiel wants to be serious but he can’t help but smile a little bit at Dean. He’s adorable when he’s clueless. Castiel puts his hands in his pockets and his eyes avert from Dean. “About us.”
Dean leaned back against Castiel’s chest and waited for the tub to fill up. He leaned forward and turned off the water once it was full.
Dean paused before nodding. Michael was right, they needed to get used to each other’s scents. “Sure.” He stood up and followed Michael to the bedroom opposite from his own. The room was laid out the same, except for an office space with bookshelves and a large desk.
It was about thirty minutes later when Michael got home. Dean was able to manage a smile when he saw Michael walking over to him. He closed his eyes at the gentle kiss to his forehead.
Dean followed him and waited his turn to rinse his plate. “So...we’re okay? Just no more heat stuff?”
Wedding day was one of the most painful days of Castiel’s life. He watched his best friend walk down the aisle and struggled to not picture that Dean was coming to him, not Michael.
Castiel kissed Dean’s forehead. “No need to apologize. I should apologize for not realizing what was happening sooner. I let my libido and sexual needs come before both of our emotional needs, and that’s not acceptable. I’m sorry.”
Dean ponders that for a moment. “Six months ago, at my yearly physical.” He frowns. “Jesus, I haven’t even had sex since then. I can’t remember the last time I had a dry spell last this long...But yeah, I’m clean.”
A week after Gabriel left, it was nearly time for Castiel to start his heat. Dean knew it was coming, and he had a proposition.
“Sure.” Castiel gave a half-hearted smile as Michael left. He ran his hands over his face and hoped Dean was actually on board. Either way, Michael would probably convince him. If that happened, Castiel hoped he could talk to Dean and they could come to an agreement. The last thing he wanted was for Dean to be uncomfortable.
In the meantime, Dean was grabbing at one of Castiel’s thick runner’s thighs as a third finger breached him. It was slow, but Castiel knew how to hit every sensitive spot within him and make it feel fucking amazing. Dean’s head was spinning and he couldn’t see straight. He felt the familiar build-up of his orgasm and whined, scared of getting stuck again.
Claire attended a private school that Dean never could have dreamed of as a kid. It was a great school, and Claire seemed to like her teacher a lot. Dean unbuckled Claire’s seatbelt and let her out of the car, waving goodbye with a bittersweet smile. Part of him wished that he could keep her at this school, but if he wanted to get out and give her a better life, he needed to get as far away as possible.
Castiel gently pulled Dean off the wall and started taking him to the bed. “I can’t believe I finally get to have you.”
Castiel enjoys the silence for a little while. Ever since the tinnitus episode an hour ago, everything has been quiet. It’s a relief to say the least. He showers and puts on pajamas, climbing into bed with confidence that he’ll be able to sleep. He lays down and closes his eyes. His exhausted, sleep-deprived body falls into a deep sleep with ease.
Dean nodded and turned to Claire, who wasn’t even paying attention to them. “Let’s head home, Claire-bear.” He took his daughter’s hand and led her out of the playground.
Castiel rested his chin on his fist, still quietly thinking. Finally, he nodded. “Okay. The easiest would probably be my oldest sister. Her name is Anna Novak. She’s um…twenty-five now. She was born in St. Louis. She’s a redhead.”
Castiel blinked. “Oh, of course. No one told me I had to do anything. Luke asked if I would want to help, and I said yes. Trust me, I can stand up for myself. No one here ‘makes’ me do anything.”
Castiel blinked and stepped back a bit, his cheeks flushing with embarrassment. “I wasn’t-I didn’t…” He stopped. “I’m sorry. I’ll leave you alone.”
“Cas?” He stepped into the room, only to stop when Luke’s door opened behind him. He turned quickly, expecting Castiel to be there, but he wasn’t. Luke was in his pajamas and leaning against the doorframe.
Dean’s heat picked up in intensity quickly. It was coming fast and hard, like it did the first time he stopped suppressants. There wasn’t much time to go slow, so Castiel stuck to just using his fingers to get Dean settled. They had all week to do more.
Dean sighed. “I’m sorry, man. I should have thought to come in here and check on the plants. I didn’t think any of them would die.”
“No, I’m out to everyone in our group. I just don’t want the embarrassment in case we end up needing to stop or if this doesn’t work. Once we get more serious, we can tell them. But right at the start? I’d rather keep that to ourselves. Is that okay?”
Now, they didn’t have everything anymore. Things got hard between Castiel working long hours and Dean spending hours at the computer working on his classes, but it didn’t matter. They had each other and two beautiful children. The world was theirs for the taking, and nothing was going to stop them.
Dean swallows down his fear. Those three words used to be his biggest fear, but with Castiel, it feels easy. “I love you too.”
Castiel chuckles. “There’s not anything juicy to tell. I was born and raised in Georgia, my parents are from Illinois, I’m an only child...I don’t know, I have tinnitus?”
Dean craned his neck to try and look up. He finally saw the face of the man and knew exactly who he was. He was Castiel’s long-time friend and from what Dean knew, BDSM mentor, Victor. He waved a bit with one of his cuffed hands.
Castiel nods. “I remember. I wasn’t that drunk.” That’s when Castiel’s eyes go as wide as dinner plates and his face pales. “I kissed you last night.”
“Jesus, Ash, my grandma could drink just as much as you have and throw better than you! You hit the damn TV!”
“Yeah, see you then.” Dean waves goodbye before finally walking away from the booth. He holds his little flag much tighter now, his appreciation growing for it.
Castiel’s eyes meet Dean’s and his face gets impossibly redder. He removes his finger from his mouth. “You can leave. I-I’m sorry-”
The door opened and a man stepped out. He looked very similar to the description Dean had online, only about ten times more attractive. He had a mess of nearly black hair, bright blue eyes, a cute little head tilt, and a nice black suit with a blue tie. Dean could easily see himself with this man, he was beautiful.
Castiel goes to his own room once they’re done eating, telling Dean that he’s tired. He closes his door and rubs a hand over his face. He needs to talk this out with someone, and he only knows one person.
Castiel pours his focus back into his work and ignores Dean’s presence. He manages to stay focused until it’s time for him to go to his next class. He starts packing up.
Castiel placed the back of his hand on Dean’s forehead. “You feel really hot. Michael got you some...supplies. You need to use them to try and bring the heat down. It may help ease the cramping too.”
Sam’s arrival was very much anticipated by everyone. Dean cooked for him and told Castiel about how this was one of Sam’s favorites.
Castiel shakes his head. “No, it’s nothing you’re doing. It’s just...I don’t really agree with our agreement anymore.” He imagines punching himself for that fantastic wording. Who knew an English major could be so bad with words?
With the slow movement, Dean’s mind is blank. His mouth opens and closes as he struggles to find the words. “It’s...it’s good. It’s...it’s so much better.”
As his hands move, feathers, sticks, and leaves fall to the bed. Dean feels feathers coming loose and frowns. “You’re losing a lot of feathers, here.”
Dean took note of the additional affection from Michael, his heart rate rising at the thought of a public proposal tonight. All of the possible ways it could happen ran through Dean’s head as he was led upstairs and given his suit to put on. After his poor attempt to tie his tie himself, Michael did it for him. The closeness reminded Dean of when Castiel tied his tie on the first day he was here.
He falls asleep before Dean returns, curled up in bed. Something touches him and he shoots awake, looking around with wide, startled eyes.
Gabriel nodded. “He also doesn’t want you on suppressants. They’re trying to work something out. The only thing I can promise you is that he’s not going to send you away for this. He’s determined to keep you here and do whatever he has to do for that.”
“It’s the suppressants. They were milder but they stuck around in my system longer, something about the medication building up over time with taking it.” Dean met Castiel’s eyes. “So it’s over? Already?”
Castiel nodded and started typing. He wrote out a new email to Anna, and instead of angling the laptop away, he sat a little closer to Dean so he could see the screen.
Just as Castiel expected, Dean was concerned but understanding. He even offered to fill the silence with stories, which brought up Castiel’s mood a lot. It just felt nice to have that polite company. He didn’t speak except for quiet affirmations whenever Dean asked a ‘yes or no’ question.
“Oh,” Castiel was quiet for a moment, “You should talk to Michael. Tell him about the things you want to do with your life. He cares about you. He’ll probably do everything he can to give you those things.”
Dean nods, closing the car door. “Yeah, it was a mess. I told the property owner that I’d work on it. Here,” he walks over to Castiel, “I’ll take over. You go inside and get some water. The heat here is unreal.”
“Wow. That’s impressive. I was valedictorian when I graduated high school, and Luke was salutatorian of his class, the year after mine. Gabriel was tenth in his class two years after that.”
Dean gave a small nod. “Okay.” He watched as Michael left the room and looked around, taking in his new abode. The room felt like it should be cozy and warm, but it felt alien to Dean. He sat on the bed and opened his bag, pulling out his old, clunky laptop. He set it on the bedside table and plugged his charger in.
Soon, both teams are down to one cup and keep missing. Castiel has fetched himself another beer and is almost done with it. He lines up his shot, and sinks the ball into the last cup. Dean whoops, but Castiel stops him.
“No time soon, I can promise that,” Castiel smiled warmly, “I’m still pretty young for that, so I’d like some more time. Especially more time with Luke, just the two of us.”
Dean walks over to the couch and plops himself down, setting his backpack aside. “More stressful than usual. Several math classes just had quizzes and have upcoming exams, so people are starting to flood the tutoring center.”
Dean turned onto his stomach and laid his head on one of his many pillows. He reached behind himself and slid two fingers into his entrance. It had been a long time since anything had been back there, so Dean had to be sure that he was ready. The fingers were good, but nowhere near enough to satisfy him. Once he was sure that the dildo wouldn’t be painful, he wiped the slick off of his fingers onto the shaft of the toy and lined up the head with his hole. He shifted his knees apart further and sank the dildo into his ass with a long whine.
Dean had a hard time believing this was real, that Castiel was actually there. It felt like a dream come true. He had escaped the nightmare and found the promised land. Everything he had now was perfect.
Michael kissed Dean like he meant it when the time came. Dean wrapped his arms around Michael’s neck, holding his husband like he was meant to. The music started and Michael led him back up the aisle and out to a limo that would take them to the reception.
Dean starts to move his hand towards his crotch, but embarrassment stops him. He’s never jerked off in front of anyone before. It makes him feel self-conscious of his every move.
Castiel smiles. “That will be nice. My room is pretty private at my house. When I’m at my grandparent’s house with my cousins I’ll probably have to share a room, but it’s a big house. I can find somewhere private.”
Dean hummed. “I like it.” He paused when Castiel started to reach under his shirt, damn near flinching when Castiel touched his stomach.
It’s Friday, and today is the day of Castiel and Dean’s date. They planned for a six-thirty dinner at a local restaurant that Dean hadn’t been to yet. Castiel spends the entire day buzzing with excitement. Every time they see each other, all they can do is smile. Dean has to leave the library early today to go to his professor’s office hours, so that leaves Castiel alone at their usual table.
Dean was still fuming, but he wasn’t about to let this throw him off. He took a deep breath. It would be fine. He’d explain everything to Castiel once his heat was over. At worst, Michael and some people in court would know Castiel’s secret. It would suck, but they could get through it together.
“Yup. All sorted out.” Dean may have just been grouchy from sleepiness, but he felt a little patronized by Castiel.
Dean felt a little awkward around Jimmy, especially given the reason he was here. Dean had no idea that Castiel was going into heat last night. “Yeah, she’s sweet.” He walked upstairs behind Jimmy and went to his room to wake up Claire. He got her dressed and braided her hair while she brushed her teeth.
The man shrugs the backpack off of his shoulders and pulls a small binder out, holding it out to Dean. “You can look through these definitions and see if anything fits. If all else fails, the rainbow flag is for everyone.”
Dean’s orgasm hit him like an oncoming train. He felt Castiel’s knot swelling and catching on his rim, throwing him into a whole new world of pleasure. His mouth was open in a soundless cry as he came, his entire face and chest flushed.
Castiel sits down at the table and eats his omelette. He stares out the glass doors at the backyard and wishes he had more time to make it pretty. Just as he finishes eating, Dean’s bedroom door opens.
“I’m glad you’re perking up, that’s a good sign. I just have a few questions for you so I can get to know your case a little better. You can have your alpha in the room if you want.”
Castiel pauses. He didn’t realize how little he had spoken about his parents. “A little, I guess. They’re very religious. They called me their miracle from heaven, since they tried for a baby for years before adopting me.”
Once Gabriel was out of the room, Dr. Barnes started talking. “First question, when was your first heat?”
“Hey, hey, I’m okay.” Dean smiled softly to try and reassure Castiel. “Let’s just get inside so we can chat.”
Dean picked up his phone and his eyes widened when he saw that it was nearly noon. He flew out of bed and dug through his duffel for clothes to change into. He pulled on a pair of old jeans and a t-shirt before leaving the room. He looked down the hall. Michael said he would be at work by now. Did Gabriel work? He seemed like he did. He knew Luke worked a lot. That just left Castiel as Dean’s only company.
“No problem.” Castiel didn’t look back at Dean. The tension was growing and it made Dean’s skin itch. He wanted to claw out of the hole he was digging himself into and fall into Castiel’s arms, but the last thing he wanted was to feel like some damsel in distress.
He let out a sigh and decided he would head to the town square and try to barter for a meal with the merchants. On his way he noticed many things that Illiac had changed over the years. From the new stone streets to the erasure of the remnants of the war. As he walked past the docks he took note of every ship in the harbor. Noticing how they were all fishing boats. He remembered the time his older brother's had stolen one to escape their mother but crashed and sunk it. He remembered how angry their father was when he had to pay for it.
His wasn't an alcoholic. His father was the greatest man that Dean had ever known. His father was brilliant and hard working. His father cared for Dean, Sam and Mary. Right? John Winchester always made sure there was food for them, he made sure they had a roof over their head. John Winchester made sure his family was never cold, and they always had a bed to sleep on. All of these things meant that John wasn't an abuser, how could he be when he did all of it for his family?
"Well first things first, what are ye good at? Ye'll need t' be able to pull your own weight with yer chores." Dean asked and stood up from Castiel's bed. "Can ye cook or anythin'?"
Dean didn't even notice he was crying until a tear landed on the paper, causing the inking on Castiel's signature to run slightly. Dean panicked and wiped his eyes, he put the on the end table and picked up the shredded bits of the envelope from the floor.
"Well, I figured the guards might think ye 'ad someone with ye to get in to the prison. I needed to get all suspicion that ye 'ad 'elp off o' ye so I acted like I'd trick'd ye. I didn't expect ye t' lose yer mind, but ye provided a much needed distraction so I could 'elp yer brother." Castiel explained.
He remembered bits and pieces of nights where Cass sat worrying about Dean, and whether or not Dean's liver would last him his whole life. He remembered Cass telling him he needs to take care of his alcoholism before it took him like it took John.
"I'm heading out, Dean. Just wanted to say that there was no reason for you to lash out on Ash like that. The poor kid was practically traumatized when he came back. I don't know or care what you said, but you need to get a damn grip and fix whatever you're going through so that doesn't happen again. Ash is a good kid and you had no right acting like that." She scolded.
He singled out that envelope and haphazardly tossed the others onto the pile of ever growing letters that sat on the end table next to the door. He threw his keys into the small dish next to the pile of mail and fervently tore open the letter in his hand.
"I'm sorry for acting like I did earlier. That's something I learned from Dad that I need to get rid of. Thank you for caring about me and my health Sam, and I promise that I will work on bettering my diet."
"Hey Dean, are you alright man?" Ash asked as he opened Dean's door slightly. "You shocked yourself with the wire connections and now you're doing paperwork."
"Yer whole fam'ly? All yer brothers an' sisters?" Gadreel choked. "ain't that dangerous? Ever since the last time ye all gather'd in one place..."
"Well shit, if I knew you were going to cry upon seeing me I would've come earlier." Sam laughed lightly, startling Dean out of his trance he was in.
Dean hadn't heard from Castiel in years. So a letter out of the blue was more then he could have imagined from Cass. He gently pulled the three pages of folded up notebook paper from the envelope and took note of how they looked like they were torn roughly from the book they came from.
Hi. I disappeared for a while cause I'm depressed and stressed with my classes. I'll try not to let that happen again. Also, I'm deprived of sleep so if this is shit please let me know.
And with that, Castiel stood up and he began to leave. He'd had enough of his mother's torment. He took his uneaten food and set it back in the kitchen and bid farewell to his father, brothers and sisters. He opened the front door but before he could leave, his youngest sister Anna pointed out that he had forgotten to say goodbye to their mother.
As soon as he got to his father's house, Castiel had already wanted to leave. However, he drew all the strength he had in him and knocked on his father's door. As he waited he heard shuffling and two of his brother's arguing for the other to get the door.
"I wan'ed t' apologize fer nearly killin' ye back in the prison." The captain spoke softly. "I was so angry that ye'd trick'd me, I didn't think that ye'd come back. When ye did, I didn't even look at what ye were doin. I jus' react'd."
"Aye, it's me Ezekiel." Castiel said. "I led this pirate here under the false promise of helping rescue his brother."
The three now fugitives weaved through the frantically searching guards and unlit streets until they reached the port. Their minds all focused on the same thing. Survival. The captain led them aboard the Free Will and gave orders to his brother to release the sails.
"What the hell did just get myself into?" Castiel asked himself. After tossing and turning on the uncomfortable straw mat that was covered by an obviously ratty old piece of cloth, Castiel decided he would not be able to rest and got up to start his newfound responsibilities.
"Son of a bitch!" He exclaimed loudly before roughly disconnecting the battery and removing the dying alternator.
Dean turned off all of the lights, including the one in the front widow that said 'open', closed and locked the front door and climbed into his beloved 1967 Chevrolet Impala. After firing up her engine and letting her warm up, Dean peeled out of the staff parking and sped home. He wanted nothing more than an ice cold beer at that moment.
"Technically tomatoes are fruits but that's not the point, Dean. The point is you're going to have a heart attack by the time you're 40 if you keep up this diet."
"Yer tellin' me. Us siblin's can't stand each other and the only one that can stand our mother is Father, or Raphael but 'e's dead." "Castiel exasperated.
The pirate walked into the room and sighed. He hesitantly wandered over to Castiel's bed but stopped a few feet away when he saw Castiel sitting in his bed.
"Either would be fine with me. I don't want to kill you Castiel, but I will if it comes down to it."
"Yeah, I'm ready." Dean said and got up from his desk. He'd focus on the service area instead of the office to distract himself better.
"Why did ye 'elp me?"" The pirate asked. "Ye 'eard the soldier boy. If ye're 'round me ye'll be ex'cuted."
Luckily Sam was there to provide Dean with a distraction. His new life as a pre-law student at Stanford kept Dean entertained for a good portion of Sam's visit. Well, that and his and Dean's constant arguing about Dean's eating habits.
The next car came in almost right after with a dying alternator. Dean had decided he would fix it himself and gathered all the necessary components to replace it. He removed the belt tensioner and the serpentine belt but forgot to disconnect the battery cables before trying to remove the wring connectors and shocked himself.
And I know there's no way you can answer these questions because you'll never see these letters. I won't get that closure from you. Because of course you made sure of that. Those words you said to me on that day have replayed in my head for a month now, Dean. Did you know that? Obviously not because I can't tell you and you're not me. And you never think of anyone but yourself. You never stop and think about how your actions and the things you say affect people, Dean. And I hate that about you. I hate that you never talked to me. You bottled everything up and blew up at me later. I hate that about you. I hate so many things about you but I'm still fucking in love with you.
"No time, have your reunion later. We need to get out before the guards come back." Castiel urged the brothers. He once again hoisted himself up and out of the window and encouraged the brothers to follow. Once they were out of the prison, Castiel grabbed onto the youngest's wrist and the Captain's hand and began to lead them back to the port.
Thank you for reading this far! The idea for this story has lived in my brain for quite some time. I just wanted to thank you but I also wanted to apologize for the strange and kind of boring chapter this time. It will get better, I promise!
"Be careful, Castiel. If yer caught with them pirates, they'll 'ave yer head." Gadreel said. "I don't want that fer ye. So tell me, did you see anthin'?"
"Yer right, Anna. Die swiftly and 'orribly Naomi. It'll be a blessin if I ne'er 'ave t' see yer ugly face again ye wench!" Castiel exclaimed and slammed the door behind him.
"Alright then, let's go." Castiel spoke with slight hesitation. His plan was flawed, he knew that. He knew that the guards might not fall for his trap, but he couldn't let the Winchester know that, he wanted to keep his life. He glanced over at the Winchester and noticed the pained look on his face. He was afraid for his brother, and only wanted him back.
"I did not find the appeal. Now come, your mother will be elated that you are here." His father led him to their mother's bedroom where she sat, surrounded by the children she loathed.
"I'm sorry, do you go about your daily life speaking like that?" His father exclaimed in disgust. "You are an educated man, Castiel Novak. You should not be speaking like a common man."
"Wha'dya mean, Ellen?" The voice from earlier asked and swayed over to Castiel and the other pirate.  "Well well, yer right. Who are ye?"
"I cannot say the some for the South, the blasphemers, heretics and rebels are now joined in resistance by pirates." Lucifer smiled slightly, talking about heresy and rebellion with his father excited him.
Now that he knew, Dean was drowning in the guilt he felt for treating Cass the way he did. He was now faced with the all of the shit that Cass went through because of him. And god damn it, Cass was an angel for dealing with it for so long.
"Don't start getting defensive with me, Dean. I'm just looking out for you." Sam sighed and Dean could tell from over the phone that Sam was stressed about something. "Look, I need to get away for the weekend so I'll catch the first flight to Kansas that I can, okay? That way I can rest and also help you with your issue."
"I can tell that you're lying to me, but since you don't want to talk about it I'll leave you alone." Ellen glared at Dean. "We're ready to open if you are."
Dean sighed harshly as he clocked out from work. As much as he loved working on cars all day, everything else about running his own garage was hell. The paperwork, rude customers, and lazy staff was almost enough to make him quit. Almost. When Uncle Bobby retired, Dean was ecstatic to take over because he knew how much the garage meant to Bobby. Giving up wasn't an option.
"You should not have put your trust in some random man you just happened to meet on the street." Castiel said.
"I cannot cook but I can do just about anythin' t' do with carpentry, I am rather skilled with a sword but I don't think that'll help with chores." Castiel said as he slowly climbed out of his bed.
Castiel nodded and did as he was told. A sharp, almost painful sound erupting from the hollow horn. He kept on even though he felt as if he were going to pass out. After five long blows, the captain told him to stop and to hang on to the horn. Soon enough the pirate crew began to return to the ship and help get the ship ready to set sail. Castiel watched in amazement as his vision grew dull and blurry. Remembering his name be called by the captain before closing his eyes and falling to the floor of the ship.
After all of the bullshit you put me through I still love you! And I don't know why because you're an arrogant, egotistical asshole.
Dean unfolded the pages and noticed that the first page was dusty and slightly older than the next 2. Like the first page was written much before the others. Dean ran his fingers over the inked letters, admiring the hand writing he used to be so familiar with. After stalling for so long, Dean finally began to read the letter while awkwardly standing in his door way. He hadn't even bothered to close the door.
"I ne'er thought I would e'er be joining a pirate crew t' be completely 'onest, but I think it'll be great. I already travel constantly."
"Me mother, a wretched beast she is. I finally found some peace while travelin' but she ne'er could just let me be 'appy. I told her how 'orrid she is, to her face while she's in her deathbed in front of all of me siblin's" Castiel laughed lightly. "I couldn't stay there after that so I was on me way t' the inn when ye showed up."
He grabbed his mail from his mailbox ignoring it because of the bills on top, forgetting the precious letter he was waiting for all weekend. He threw the mail onto the table next to the door, deciding to deal with it in the morning. Dean lazily sauntered to his bedroom and took off his uniform, he threw on a t-shirt and some mostly clean sweatpants. He sighed heavily and looked at the clock on his bedside table, it was already almost 8 at night when he noticed the open letters in front of the alarm clock.  Then his brain clicked together.
"Me parents. Me mother, mostly. She 'ad always want'd me to be a scholar and t' study an' find a wife. It was never what I wanted. I hate being in one place for too long. Traveling was always my favorite, ever since I was a wee child." Castiel said. "When you speak like a scholar most people treat you like shit because they want you to know that you aren't better than them. I still switch between them because it's a bad habit."
"I had to convince the guards that I was not helping you at all, removing all suspicion that you two would be leaving tonight. Now enough talking, let's get you out of here." Castiel said and began to pick the lock on the cell.
He was about to lose consciousness when the younger Winchester had finally reached his brother's prison cell to explain to his brother that Castiel was indeed helping. Castiel gathered his breath once again and began picking the lock on the cell once again as the captain apologized. Once the prison cell was open, the brothers were overjoyed and began to have a touching reunion.
"I can imagine. I just wanted to talk to you for a second." Sam said and closed the door behind him.
Castiel ran his hand through his hair and sighed. Had he really told his own mother to die horribly?  He almost wouldn't believe it, if he hadn't had said it himself. He quickly regained his composure however and decided to go to the Square to book a room at the Inn. As he was walking past the docks he noticed a ship docking, it was bigger than the rest and had more damage to it. He took note of how bad the repairs actually were. He looked up to take in just how big the damn thing was when he noticed the main sail.  It was black, with a symbol on it. A star surrounded by what seemed to be flames. The symbol of the Free Will, and the Winchesters themselves.
"Sorry, Naomi's fallen ill and the doctors think that she ain't livin' much longer." Castiel spoke through gritted teeth. "Me father's fallin' apart, y'know 'e loved 'er, she was the love of 'is life. The whole fam'ly's here fer 'im."
"Well, tell me how you really feel Cass. Why did you stay with me? What did I do to deserve you?" Dean asked, but his question would go answered. For who could answer him besides the floorboards, the walls, the pieces of paper he held in his hands? He continued on with the last page. The fresh page that looked as though it were just written. The one that Cass had written after the fact to send to Dean to explain his letter or lament further.
Cass wasn't joking about sending a letter every week, and Dean had clearly been blind sided by this. He almost wanted to just throw the damn thing away or into a box or something but he forced himself to open the envelope to reveal 2 pages of worn paper and a single new one. He hesitated reading the words from Cass but powered through and read them anyway.
"Okay." The pirate whispered and hesitantly slid his hand into the other mans grip. Castiel sighed and began dragging the captain along with him through the streets. Ducking around corners when guards would pass and finally arriving at the prison.
"Make up your mind, Winchester. Do you want to kill me or marry me off to your brother?"  Castiel joked in an attempt to cut some of the tension.
"I'm heading out for the day. You're in charge until Ellen shows up." Dean said and stood up from his desk chair. He grabbed his coat and gave Ash a stern look. "Don't fuck anything up."
Was it confusion that Dean had found himself completely taken over by? Was it confusion that had caused him to start losing sleep at night? Was it confusion that caused him to lose focus constantly? Was he wrecked by confusion?
And she was right, but Dean ignored her. She soon left and Dean was alone again. That seemed to be a common occurrence these past few days. He was now painfully aware of that fact.
Castiel grew upset but did his best to hide it. He had no interest in obtaining a wife, especially not settling down either. He simply said no and sat next to Gabriel. Soon after their father served dinner and the children sat with their father in the front room and ate. Naomi had no desire for food.
"Damn it." Castiel cursed. He looked at the the pirate and sighed. The man then grabbed hold of the pirate's hand and began to drag him along. However, the pirate shook off the man's grasp. "Look, ye want t' get there quickly and I can get us there but ye need t' put yer big pirate ego aside and be led through these streets by me."
"Dean trusts you. He hasn't trusted anyone since our father. If you ever break that trust I will personally kill you." Sam said maliciously. "However, I don't think that'll be the case. You're making him happy, Castiel. I don't know how but you are. For that, I'm glad."
"You would have either killed me or taken me prisoner if I didn't help you." Castiel spoke. "I had to gain your trust and get rid of you."
He scrawled his signature underneath is letter and shoved the paper into the envelope. He sealed it, haphazardly placed the stamp in the corner and copied the address from the previous envelopes.
As soon as their voices had disappeared into the distance, the pair rushed to the elder Winchester's cell. Castiel, having not spent quite a few hours stuck slumped on the floor of a dungeon, was quicker and reached the captain first. He grabbed onto the lock to pick it when he was grabbed by the throat by the pirate in the prison cell.
He took himself, his skills, and a change of clothes when he left, never looking back. Until now. His mother, Naomi, was ill. The family had decided to be together to be with her in her final moments. None of the children had wanted to be there, but their father practically begged them to be there for him.
"Thanks, Sam." Dean said as politely as he could. That was one thing he hated more than anything. Feeling like a charity case. "I'll see you soon then."
"Nay, I be protectin' the streets o' Illiac fer now. Someday though, I be protectin the king." Gadreel spoke and turned toward the sun. "I better be goin' Castiel, got to get to work."
He slumped through the front door and got into the Impala. Dean started her with ease and put his head on the steering wheel. This whole Cass thing was really messing with him. Dean took a sharp breath in through his nose, put Baby in gear and peeled out of his parking space. Not even 2 minutes afterward he decided to call Sam and let him know about the mess he found himself in.
It had taken Dean a long time to realize that yes, his father was an alcoholic. His father was an abuser because of they way he treated his sons. His father was never proud of him and Sam, they could never do good by John's standards. He'd leave them alone for long periods of time and expect them to fend for themselves, all while they were children. At the age of 9 Dean had begun taking blame for things that Sam did because he didn't want John to yell at Sam. Because that's just what big brother's do, right?
"Even if he's awake he should rest. Don't you remember what Eileen said?" Sam attempted to reason with his brother as he grabbed his arm, preventing him from walking into the room.  "He had too much stress placed on him at once. You need to let him rest before you interrogate him."
He carried them to the garbage and tossed them in. Suddenly the weight of Cass' words hit him, and Dean had to sit at his kitchen table. He put his head in his hands and let himself let go of everything he was holding in.
"What were ye thinkin? Pretendin' to betray me? Ye know who I am and ye know that if ye'd betray'd me I'd stop at nothin' to kill ye. So what the fuck was that?" Dean spoke somewhat angrily.
Once outside, Castiel took a deep breath and apologized to the Winchester. Saying he needed to make sure the guards knew he wanted nothing to do with the pirate. Still hearing the promises of death from the elder Winchester, Castiel sighed began to monitor his surroundings. Once he was sure he was in the clear, he rushed back into the prison and down to the dungeon where they were holding the younger Winchester.
Castiel stepped in and looked around. He looked at the cot in the corner and noticed how uncomfortable it seemed. He had no pillow of any sort and had a single spot to hang a lamp next to the cot. There were spider webs in every corner and although Castiel could not see any, he knew that the spiders were there.
Dean instinctively went to check the mail but was disappointed until he remembered it hadn't been a week yet. Dean hoped Sam didn't notice and Sam hoped Dean wouldn't notice that he definitely had.
The pirate turned away from the bars of his cell and stood seemingly calm. Castiel looked at the guards and said farewell, told the guards not to mention anything that just happened to anyone, and left. As Castiel left, the pirate began to beat on the bars. Screaming curses at Castiel, the pirate promised to kill Castiel for his betrayal.
I can safely say as of today, I hate you Dean. But I still love you. Isn't that ironic. You have taken over my life Dean. From the very second we met you have been everything to me and even after 3 years of all of this lamenting and hatred, you still are. Explain that to me.
Sam sat in his chair at the kitchen table for a long time. He sat in silence as he looked solemnly at Dean, differently even. Dean knew that was inevitable but it still hurt him. Dean opened his mouth to speak but quickly shut it. There were no words to say to Sam.
"I should show ye around the ship a bit." Dean rubbed the back of his neck. "Ye'll be doin carpentry 'round the ship. Fixin' the hull and all of those things."
The door opened after their father stepped in. He opened the door and glared at Castiel for a few seconds before softening his face at Castiel's support during this time.
"That's something I did that Cass would complain about, and I realize now that it drove him away. So now I'm trying to fix it."
The guards turned the corner and noticed that the cell was now empty. Now frightened, they rushed back up the stairs to find the younger Winchester, claiming he couldn't have gotten very far.
He pushed himself off of the car and wiped his cheek, surprised at himself for letting go and breaking in such a public place.
The dreaded First mate of the Free Will had been captured by the royal guard. As he saw the man being dragged away, Castiel felt a pit form in his belly. Something was going to happen to Illiac tonight. And he did not want to be there when it did.
The pirate was taken back by Castiel's use of his name. Somehow, the pirate went against everything he ever said and put his trust in a complete stranger. He climbed into the wood shed and sat quietly. Castiel took a shaky breath in and began walking past the next house when he was stopped by the group of soldiers.
"Yer brother's prob'ly bein' 'eld in the prison." Castiel said. "It's near the castle but since the soldiers are busy with yer crew we'll be able to get in easier."
As he was just about to turn down the street where his father lived,  a huge crowd of soldiers and royal guards came by dragging along a man, nearly trampling Castiel. He'd recognized the man they were dragging from a wanted poster that he saw when he first got into town.
"From those I've seen, Wayward Sisters, Fitzgerald and his crew, and of course the nastiest pirates of them all, the Winchester brothers." Lucifer said, waiting for his father's reaction. However he had no reaction.  "The Winchesters are now leading this so called revolution."
"Are you driving? Dean, we talked about this the last time, you're going to kill someone if you keep doing that."
"My ex-boyfriend sent me a letter a while back telling me that he's trying to get over me but even after 3 years he can't and called me an asshole so now I've had to come to terms with the fact that I fucked up his life because I was too much of a fucking prick to see that I treated him like shit. So excuse the fuck out of me for acting a little different after finding out that the one person I love more than Sammy is still in love with me but hates my fucking guts." Dean ranted, accidentally admitting to both him and Ash just how much Cass still meant to him.
"What up?" The mullet wearing man flew into the room, gripping the doorframe with his left hand and leaning in to look at Dean.
Castiel looked up at the pirate captain and noticed the fear in his eyes. He found himself lost in them and the way the moonlight looked in them. He shook his head and noticed that the pirate drew his sword but faltered once he realized how many soldiers there were.
"Did ye think ye'd be joining a pirate crew when ye left yer father's house last night?" Dean asked.
It was one of many things that drove Cass away and Dean had realized that when Sam was visiting. So the next morning he went up to Sam and hugged him.
That letter and its' contents had completely shaken Dean to his core, and he hated that. Mostly because he couldn't explain to himself why it had affected him so harshly. He hadn't spoken to Castiel in 3 years, why now? Why did Castiel wait 3 years to tell Dean anything? Dean didn't blame Castiel though.
"I'm sorry, father. I meant it only in jest." Castiel hoped a statement like that would appease his father.
He analyzed the exterior of the prison looking for a point of entry that would keep the two of them out of sight of any guards. Castiel was overjoyed when he noticed an unlatched window almost right next to them. He double and triple checked for any guards when he motioned to the pirate next to him not to follow him through the window and stay hidden.
He explained the alcoholism, and internalized homophobia, and the praise he used to give John, and the pedestal that he had once held their father on that was so high up and mighty that caused Dean to be blind to the hurt he caused the man he loved- once loved. Through tears Dean explained the mental and emotional baggage that he forced onto Cass , and he explained the damage he caused.
A short drive later, Dean was pulling into his driveway. He sluggishly wandered to his front door when he remembered to grab the mail from the box. Anticipating bills he grabbed the envelopes and half-assed glanced over each letter. Dean unlocked his door and suddenly snapped to one of the envelopes in his hand.
Castiel continued staring at the door after Sam left. He tried very hard to make sense of what the hell just happened. After racking his brain for answers to no avail he sighed and flopped back onto his cot.
Gadreel nodded and ran off to rejoin his squad. Once Castiel was sure Gadreel was gone, he ran back to the wood shed to release the hidden pirate.
Those few words on the first page created a pain in his chest that Dean had not felt in a long time. Heartbreak. Why was he so upset that Castiel was taking measures to forget him. And why was he reading the letter if Castiel didn't want him to? Dean hoped those questions would be answered by the rest of the letter.
Not even 15 minutes had passed when the 1st customer came in for an oil change on their 1995 Cadillac Fleetwood. An easy fix that Dean had let Jo and Ellen take care of.
Castiel began to look around for a way in when he noticed the pirate still held his grip on Castiel's hand. He smiled slightly to himself and decided to hold on just a little longer as well, holding onto the Winchester's hand brought a feeling into his chest that Castiel had never felt before. He could not describe the foreign feeling but he enjoyed it. However, they needed to save Samuel before time ran out.
"Ye'll be in 'ere." Dean said as he opened the door to the dusty, obviously vacant room. He gestured for Castiel to enter the room and after Castiel was inside he leaned against the door frame watching as he observed his new room.
"You need to respond to him. Now. You write back to that man and you apologize for everything you've ever done." Sam demanded.
Castiel let out a groan. Wishing to be far from the place he had once called home. He hated it with every fiber of his being, but he'd do just about anything for his father.
"Dean, you cannot keep eating a #6 from Steve's Burgers 3 times a week. You have got to understand how unhealthy that is." Sam would comment to Dean and of course Dean would get defensive and comment right back.
Castiel and Captain Winchester of the Free Will find themselves breaking into the prison to rescue the Captain's younger brother.
I wanted this to be out on the same day as the Destiel Twitter wedding but it didn't quite work out.
"I know you hate me and hearing from me is probably the last thing you want. Or even need. You probably don't want to even hear this but I'm sorry. I'm so sorry for everything that I ever did to hurt you. That was shitty of me. I don't want you to forgive me. I don't deserve your forgiveness. Fuck it, who knows if you're even going to open this letter let alone read it. If I were I'd probably throw it away.
The worst part in Dean's mind, was the thought of having to tell Sammy. He was going to have to look Sammy in the face and explain how badly he fucked up Cass. Sammy was never going to look at him the same, and Dean hated that thought more than anything.
Sending the letter he'd written to Castiel was easy, his address was on the envelopes. The hardest part for Dean, was waiting for Castiel's response.
"Come on Dean, I'm not an idiot. Something's bothering you." Ash ran a hand through the longer portion of his hair nervously.
As soon as Sam was gone Dean was immediately back to worrying about the letter he sent Cass and the response he would get. The rest of Dean's day was spent pacing the entire house and being unable to focus on anything other than Cass.
Dean finished by putting the new alternator in and reconnecting everything. He gave the keys back to the car's owner and without saying anything to the rest of his staff he stormed back to his office and slammed the door loudly behind him. He Slumped into his desk chair and decided he'd try and get a head start on this pay period's payroll. He had gotten about halfway through when Ash came to his door.
"Don't start gettin' snide with me, Castiel." The captain snapped, not maliciously however but more in a friendly manner.
"Ye don't und'rstan', Sam. There's this feelin in me chest that I can't describe an right now I just need t' talk t' the man in that room." Dean said and opened the door to Castiel's room.
"I see." Dean nodded and shifted himself more comfortably on Castiel's bed. "Next, why were ye wanderin' that late at night in the first place?"
Dean jumped from his sitting position and went to offer support for Castiel. Castiel denied it however and stood by himself. He stretched his arms over his head and waited until he heard a satisfying pop from his spine. He sat back down, pulled his boots back on and laced them. He looked around him and collected his vest and coat. After buckling his vest he threw his coat back on. He searched around himself again as he searched for his satchel. He noticed it peeking out from under the bed and grabbed it. He threw it over his shoulder and looked at Dean.
Castiel put his hands on the window bottom of the window and hoisted himself up, threw his legs over and, as quietly as he could, he climbed down. Castiel looked around and noticed the rather well kept cells around him were empty.
It hasn't quite been a month yet since you left me. Did you mean it when you said that you hated me? I was just trying to care for your mental and physical health when you lashed out and said that you hated me. I know that was nearly a year ago but I'm still curious.
"Nothing! Can't 2 brothers just have a conversation over the phone without there being a reason?" Dean defended while also trying to drive.
Anyway, Dean. You suck and I hate you. No, that's a lie. Mostly. You do suck, but I could never hate you as long as I still love you. Hence these letters. Immediately after you called us quits I got mental help because I knew I'd need it. Losing you was something I never wanted or expected... I thought we were forever, Dean Winchester. Clearly I was wrong. Why? That's all I want to know, and I can't even ask you that because you're not here. Was I not good enough? Was I too pushy about the whole emotions thing? Did you actually love me?
My therapist says I need to let go of you. I told her I didn't know how. She suggested writing about you and I and about some of the things we did and stupid shit like that. Something about clearing my memories of you. So I wrote you a letter. I don't want you to read it, I just feel like talking to you instead of the paper.
"Ye don't 'ave t' thank me, I 'eard ye're leadin the resistance. And if ye are, then I'm 'elping 'cause I 'ate the king just as much as ye." Castiel spoke enthusiastically.
The captain slowly and rather nervously walked over to Castiel's bed. He stood awkwardly at the foot of it not knowing what else to do. Castiel, not as oblivious as usual then motioned for the pirate to sit at the edge of the bed. He hesitantly took the cue and sat down. He looked at Castiel with a pale face, seemingly nervous. Castiel smiled softly at the flustered Dreaded Captain Winchester that sat gawkily on the edge of his bed.
"Sorry about them, ye're welcome to get rid o' them yerself." Dean smiled right back at Castiel. "They were 'ere first  though. Technically the room was theirs first."
"Well well, Winchester. See what 'appens when ye be so careless? Ye get caught and ye'll be 'anged fer yer crimes along with yer brother." One of the guards, who Castiel realized as Ezekiel, laughed.
"I'm fine Ellen." He muttered a response to satisfy her need to mother him. "Couldn't sleep last night, that's all."
"Well then, let's hope it doesn't come down to that." Castiel said defensively. "I only plan on helping Dean take down the king. I have no plans to truly betray him."
"Ye should 'av told me that I'd 'ave to share with someone else." Castiel smiled at Dean as he gestured to the spiders.
"My name is Castiel Novak. I'm here to get you out, along with your brother." Castiel whispered as he approached the cell which held the Winchester, examining the lock.
So Sam stood up slowly and walked into the other room. Dean hung his head in shame until Sam returned with a notebook, pen, envelope and stamp and placed them in front of him.
"Sorry Sammy." The pirate whispered to himself, silently hoping that Castiel didn't hear. Castiel had mapped out his escape route and decided to save the pirate as well.
"Michael, Lucifer." Their father spoke while chewing on his strip of meat. "How well are the frontlines?"
"Thank ye, Dean." Castiel said and smiled softly. "If ye do not mind I'd like to get just a bit more rest before I start me duties. That be okay with ye?"
"I'll see ye, next time I be in Illiac." Castiel said and turned away from Gadreel. He started towards his Father's home and soon he was reminded of why he wanted to go to the square anyway. He looked towards the sun and saw that it was setting, he then decided it was too late and simply went to his father's home instead.
The men entered the old house and Sam shuddered at the thought of staying there, but Dean needed his help. And he'd do almost anything for Dean.
It was not confusion, but guilt. Dean had been forcefully made aware of the consequences his actions had on Cass. And he did not like that.
He reminisced in his childhood memories, especially the time Gabriel dared him to pierce his ear for 2 gold pieces. He almost missed being in Illiac, until he came to his senses. He kept walking towards the square until he was stopped by someone familiar.
Who the fuck do you think you are? I contemplated throwing your letter away because I didn't want to read it or face whatever you said. I'm glad I did. You don't get to apologize after 3 years of nothing in a fucking letter. An apology in a fucking letter after 3 fucking years of silence. That's low, even for you. I Can't fucking believe you and your stupid fucking brain. Who the fuck told you that was a proper apology even. You're not the fucking victim here, Dean. 'the man who deserves your hate the most'. Get fucked Dean, seriously. Eat my fucking ass. Don't you fucking dare turn this around on you and try to guilt me into feeling bad for you after you treated me like shit for all 4 years of our fucking relationship. I can't fucking believe you. You are the root cause of most of the trauma I'm trying to get rid of. I hope you know that I still talk to Sam, and he told me that you only barely started to fix yourself AFTER I started sending you these letters. And that's sad. Get some fucking help.
Why was he helping the pirate? He had originally gotten caught by the pirate and helped because he didn't want to be associated with him. But here he was, helping break the other pirate out of prison. He could walk away from this whole situation. All he'd have to do was double cross the pirate.
"nay, Gadreel. Ye ne'er could tell the diff'rence between the two o' us." Gadreel spoke with a smirk.
"Put 'im in 'ere, I'd rather 'ave 'im in the dungeon than 'is brother but we can't risk either o' them escaping while bein' mov'd" One of the guards commanded.
"Alright." Castiel nodded and both men meandered out of the room and all over the ship. Castiel followed Dean around as he pointed out every single part of the ship. From the cafeteria, the cargo hold, the brig and the galley, everything there was to see on the Free Will. The pair's last stop was Castiel's new sleeping quarters.
"Fuck, I can't get to the Inn now." Castiel felt his chest tighten and began to frantically plan how to get around the pirates in his head. He almost figured it out when one of them turned around the corner where he was hiding. Castiel looked up at the face of a woman.
Dean got out of bed and threw on his uniform. He was pretty sure it wasn't clean but couldn't bring himself to care. His breakfast consisted only of a cup of black coffee because he couldn't bring himself to eat or even put creamer in his coffee. As soon as he finished his so-called "breakfast", Dean grabbed his keys and drove haphazardly to Singer Auto Services. As soon as he walked he was already itching to get back home, but he powered through and marched to his office. He loved working on cars, he loved working in Bobby's garage, but he couldn't focus on work. His guilt mixed with his lack of sleep made him miserable.
"Oi, Novak!" He called to Castiel and tossed a hollowed out animal horn to him. "Blow into that as 'ard as ye can until I tell ye to stop."
He leaned out of it to give the pirate outside the signal to get himself caught.  Castiel then slipped into the shadow of one of the cells closest to the door. He waited silently as he heard the commotion of the Winchester outside getting himself caught. He listened for the guards coming and capturing the pirate when he thought to himself.
The only hope he had at any peace was sleep. If he slept he could get away from the constant nagging in his brain that caused him issues. The unrelenting guilt and anxiety that Dean felt was overwhelming, the escape from his life that he craved was unattainable. Dean laid awake in his bed and stared at the ceiling almost all night. His mind raced back and forth between Cass and all the shit he put Cass through. His mind somersaulted over and over until finally, he fell asleep.
"I suppose I should thank ye fer savin' me and Sammy. Ye di'n't have t' 'elp 2 strange pirates that ye'd just met."
Gadreel gave orders to the rest of the soldiers while he stayed behind. He looked at Castiel with worry written all over his face. He put his hand on Castiel's shoulder.
As soon as Castiel had the lock undone, he threw it directly into the wall next to the cell and smashed it to pieces. Resulting in aloud sound which would alert the guards. He grabbed the Winchester's arm and ducked into the shadows of the cell across the hall. He motioned for the pirate next to him to be quiet as guards came rushing down the stairs.
Dean tried his hardest to remember that interaction with Cass when he realized that he was drunk when he said that to Cass. Dean knew that was not an excuse and there was no reason for that. He felt guilty for putting Cass through that. Dean continued on through the next letter.
So when he received a text message from Sam saying that his plane had landed, Dean's heart sank. He leaned against his beloved car that sat directly in front of the airport and as he waited for Sammy to come out through the front doors, Dean relived the horror that was his life before Cass left him.
I guess right now you're probably wondering why you're reading this letter if I didn't want you to in the 1st place. The truth is I changed my mind. I've spent these last 3 years bottling up the anger that you and these stupid letters have caused me. So now they're your problem. I'm going to send you a letter every week, just like how I wrote them. Every week for a year I wrote you a letter, Dean Winchester. And they didn't fucking help with what they were supposed to anyway. I'm still in love with your stupid ass. It's been 3 fucking years and I'm still so in love you. You fucking idiot. So I hope you enjoy these letters. The ones of me pouring my heart out to you through ink. I figured writing would be better since talking about our emotions was too fucking much for you. Who knows if you'll even read, or if you can read since you're such an idiot. I'm not even worried about this letter not finding you because I know you're too emotionally constipated to move out of that damn house. Too many emotions to process upon leaving your childhood home.
