like the time his mother had warned him away from the stove but he’d touched it anyway. The beams from the strange Hydra weaponry that harried them across Nazi Germany felt like his skin was being melted off and charred through to the bone, and it left his flesh excruciatingly tender days after he’d completely healed the damage. Oh, he healed up his damage quickly and completely, with no scarring to show for the havoc heaped upon his body, but the process itself was
“You smell so good, Steve, taste so nice...” Tony licked up the side of Steve’s neck, which earned him a rough groan that trailed off into a gasp as Tony’s wicked hand slid all the way down his length to carefully massage his balls, and Steve cried out as Tony suddenly pressed into his perineum, and it was like being lit up from the inside out. Steve let out a guttural moan, snapping his hips back and forth in Tony’s reformed grip as dark encouragement and lewd praise was whispered in his ear--a sweet torment all on its own.
NYPD has never been able to handle the Wrecking Crew; why they think they can
wants to start blushing that makes said blush darken even more, but he eschews commenting in favor of urging Tony to scoot up so that’s almost fully upright against the pillows.
hear it. Tony will never give up this deepest well-cherished secret of his--not that anyone is fooled--and it will eventually
“Well shit, Steve, it’s not like I’m sleeping with him now! You’re way too defensive over
Steve fumbled around for the lube, ignoring Tony’s outraged squawk. “Make that 5-3. I’m rounding home again.”
Thor nods at Clint’s outburst, and Tony feels that throbbing churn in his gut, the one that comes from being stuck in ridiculous situations and might actually be well on its way to becoming an ulcer by now. He’s about to
Tony, greedy thing that he was, always took so long with it, especially if he had an audience.
He’s got his Razr phone out and is ringing Carol when a sudden aggressive squawk and a surge of irritation that isn’t his washes over him. It calls to mind the look of irritation Steve gives D-list villains for wasting his time before he knocks them a good one. It’s all there; the glare, the frown, the way he sets his jaw, and clenches his shield strap. Tony half expects to see Steve there in full Captain Regalia when he glances up from his phone, but the reality is much more ridiculous.
Steve is dead.
Steve smears it into Tony’s skin, his cries reaching a fever pitch as Tony continues to thrust into him. Tony wants to come, wants to fall off this precipice he’s trapped on, but Steve is implacable, urging him on and on as Tony sobs wetly between gulps, lets Steve make a mess,
Tony pressed a finger to his lips, pantomiming silence, and Steve shook his head frantically.
“I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but she’s
“JARVIS traced that damn tape back to him as well.”
while Tony fixed it.
Steve lets out a pleased hum when Tony bucks up against him, trying to force him off, and grinds down instead.
Tony seemed to say at those times,
As if Tony doesn’t know that he’s practically worshipped the ground Tony struts across since they pulled him out the ice.
Thor and Jan, who have been regaling Steve in the common room with the most recent events after shucking him into a pair of Tony’s blue jeans (ratty and broken-in and altogether too loose) and one of his shirts (oversized soft white linen that smelled entirely of expensive cologne and heated metal and
The lesson he somehow missed, though, was that when Steve Rogers wanted something, he damn well got it. Sometimes that meant doggedly pursuing his traumatized and amnesia riddled best friend across the globe, sometimes that meant feeling a bit frisky and yanking his lover into a side room and ripping his clothes off at a $5,000 a plate charity dinner for a children’s research hospital...or STEM funding, he actually wasn’t sure which.
He doesn’t know
Dammit.
sort of privacy in his life, and mandatory NDAs all around, backed by the most vicious pack of lawyers he could find.
No one’s day is supposed to end with them being changed into a goat by a crazed Asgardian stalker with a crush, but here they are. Tony huffs out a long sigh and glances over at Steve again.
Steve felt the color drain from his face.
Clarity bursts across his senses, and Tony reels as he takes in the table, takes in
He wants the words, he wants to hear it before they go past this point of no return.
“Not if I get to him first.”
Tony hummed with satisfaction as Steve began to pump in and out of his grasp, and he leaned forward to take Steve’s nipple back into his mouth and squeezed his erection. The different interplay of sensations threw Steve off momentarily, and he gave an almost bewildered wail as they all ran through him. There was the electric tingle that shot down through his nipples and through his nerves, and there was the warm throbbing that pulsed from his erection in time with Tony’s squeezing. Both of them were good, but they were each so different in their effects that Steve couldn’t adapt to either one, couldn’t get overwhelmed on anyone thing but was instead pinioned between them, each one different but still pleasurable.
“I love you, Steve Rogers. I always have.” There’s a gentle roll of emotion through the bond, love and peace and tremulous hope, and Steve greedily luxuriates in it. It’s not everyday your most impossible dream comes true.
“Leave me alone, I’m a senior citizen.” Steve took off at a jog for the hatch, leaping out of the Quinjet and into the overcast sky.
Magic is how you get sorcerers running amok, or idiots summoning demons that they have no business consorting with. It’s what drives dead mothers from their graves and turns treasured comrades into vampires.
Leaving Steve out in the backyard for the night like he was some common barnyard animal, temporarily a goat or not, had felt
it, and he could hug Amora because this whole mess has put paid to almost a decade’s worth of pining and yearning on his part. He’s not been subtle, but Tony is the master of poker faces, and for all their closeness he couldn’t get a clear read on Tony. Not on this. He’d been content to let things lie because he’ll be damned if he ruins their friendship by greedily pushing for more, but he
Hawkeye: Please tell me you didn’t let him get past third base. I bet Bruce and Tasha sixty dollars and my left nut that you would hold out another month.
Tony shifted, blatantly unsympathetic, but still listening. Tony was categorically unable to ignore information freely offered (or stolen, or purchased, or traded), and he would often lecture anyone he thought needed the lesson that “all knowledge is worth having.” How he held himself back from looting SHIELD’s database back during the invasion was a miracle in and of itself.
“Harder, Tony, I want to feel you in me, want you deep in me, like
Tony surreptitiously glances down at his palm. It’s still there.
Tony played with his ass as he spoke, continuing to prod Steve’s prostate at intermittent moments, urging him towards the edge of another orgasm, and he was so close, he was so close, he--
Tony gasps as Steve rocks up against his cock, his hole already slick and Tony could just glide right in, couldn’t he?
“You obviously know.”
“Aye, Hawkeye. I am no sorcerer, but the mystic blood of the Vanir bred true in my mother’s veins, and Frigga didst fain see me learned.”
There was an urge Tony had sometimes to act out. Maybe it was mischief, or the end result of being spoiled, or simple random whimsy. Maybe it was because he was Tony Fucking Stark ™, and he could get away with murder. Whatever it was, it reared its head and the words were out of his mouth before he could even contemplate censoring them.
‘Might.’
Steve.”
Steve registered Tony shifting around, and when those same (wonderful, glorious, magnificent) hands began to work over his glutes, Steve realized with a vague sort of interest that Tony had turned around, and Steve could only hope that….oh hell yes….
“The trip went fine. How were things here?” Tony asked carefully. No, really, what the hell had crawled up Steve’s ass this time? This was so unfair, dammit. Steve didn’t get to break out the collar while looking life a manifestation of his more advanced wet dreams. Bullshit!
“But…” Tony trailed off, stunned at the implications. IF that all were the case, then...shit. Ty was exactly enough of an asshole to pull a stunt like this, especially if his goal was to drive a wedge between him and Steve so he could move in for the kill.
No, not tomatoes at all...holy shit. Steve is trying to feed him blood…
“How do you want this?”
Shunted out of his state of intense arousal by the sight of the collar, Tony frantically recalled all the recent events he could. There was nothing, though. He and Steve had been
. Not happening.” There’s that inflexible note in Tony’s voice now, the one he gets before he starts deciding someone’s best interest and running roughshod over their wishes.
Natasha’s roiling curse as she snapped the binoculars back up was answer enough.
His eyes were dark and wild in the mirror, and Tony flinched away from meeting his own gaze, couldn’t stand to look himself straight on in the eye like that. He blinked, and his eyes locked with Steve’s own intense blue gaze, and he moaned lowly. Steve always looked at him like he was a coveted prize, triumphant and hungry and proud, like Tony was something hard-earned and...and...worthy. Like he was good. Tony wanted to tell Steve to knock it off, that he was tainted product and Steve could do far better than a disaster of a drunk tilting at windmills, but the man was nobody's fool and would twig on to that fact soon enough. He hated himself, but not quite enough to destroy the best damn thing to happen to him in his own pitiful life. Time would take care of things soon enough, no use jumping the gun.
Steve winced internally as Tony’s expression flickered before he threw up a mask that Steve had started to privately refer to as the “press face”--cool, in control, and utterly devoid of any deep emotion.
just Jan, who’s never meant him any harm a day of his life.
At least the motorcycle was nice.
, and Tony looked startled, but that look was slowly fading into an expression of glee and Steve really ought to apologize, though, just as soon as he could get his breathing back under control, and he opened his mouth to fumble for words, but that was a moot point. Tony swooped down to meet him, crushing their lips together much as he had earlier, kissing him to within an inch of his life, until he was light-headed and grinning dazedly up at him.
“Did she win?”
He wants Tony to stop looking at him in disbelief, as if he can’t wrap that genius brain of his around the fact that Steve kissed him and enjoyed it. There can’t be any doubt--he’s really hard right now, and Tony’s raggedly dazed expression is pretty damn inspirational.
The door swung open, and the bouncer stepped aside, letting Steve and Tony inside.
“I love it when you fight.”
Tony was, quite frankly, too smug about the wreck he’d reduced him to, but damn if he was going to say anything. Tony had more than earned the right.
Steve wanted. It was the dumbest thing he’d done since he’d been thawed out, possibly even before he’d gone down in the first place, and it was irresponsible and illicit and he
“It’s a bit...daunting.”
He’s starving.
In case it was wanted.
Wait. Back up. Repeat what he’d done the first time.
He’d forced things to a head on the Quinjet, had forced them into a do-or-die confrontation. Tony had never answered if he loves him or not, but his actions... it had been
The car...he’d never
Steve hummed in approval as Tony latched onto his shirt for support and began to move in a desperate, rocking grind with his movements, the busy nighttime ambiance of the city rising up to drown out muffled gasps and pleas that Steve greedily devoured, the wet glide of his hand on their cocks loud in his ear but barely noticeable in the overall equation of things.
and his battlecry rises above the laser fire and sirens as he slams headlong into a Doombot, sending it crashing into a different one that’s trying to destroy the next layer of defenses.
Steve stroked him through it until Tony was left a wrung-out and whimpering mess of a man, then collapsed on his side, flushed and sweaty and panting for breath. He closed his eyes, suddenly too tired to keep them open, and there was a bit of shifting around, and then Tony was wiping him off with a warm, moist towel, his torso and groin and thighs, and
He thinks he doesn’t care anymore. He’s being gentled under Steve’s skilled torment, being lulled into a haze of desire and want and need as Steve switches to his left nipple, the cool, open-air drying the saliva on his right, and Tony couldn’t hold back the low, aching plea for more as his eyes fluttered close—
considering building a few arc reactors.”
“I deserve someone who loves me so much that they literally became a beacon of true love. Don’t take
“Come on, Brooklyn. Let’s get you squared away.”
Steve is dead.
wasn’t supposed to be the one about to beg for it.
The National Examiner. Tony groaned, feeling the beginnings of a spectacular headache.
“Tony.”
with Ty, not at all, but even though their relationship was long over there was no denying the jumble of emotions that his old flame still managed to stir up. Rhodey and Pepper both knew that no one managed to affect Tony quite like Ty; they seemed convinced that there was a very real chance of Ty coaxing Tony into giving their relationship another try (which would be bad news all around), and tended to get antsy when they were together. Tony
he wanted to, he wanted it,
Tony seems to take him muffling his voice as a personal challenge, because he pulls out all the stops now, humming and licking and sucking and stroking. Tony actually kisses all the way down his erection until he reaches his balls, then he gently licks one, then the other, presses his tongue into the patch of skin just behind them, and Steve gives up covering his mouth and bites his hand. HIs legs jackknife, his feet slipping and sliding over the black satin sheets as Tony wages his war, driving him further and further towards what is going to be an incredible orgasm, he has no doubt.
“We?”
Tony worked Steve’s dick slowly, pulling back until Steve was almost entirely exposed to the cool night air, then guiding him deeper in until his nose could just barely nestle the coarse hairs covering Steve’s groin. Steve was quiet, his breath coming in deep panting gasps that belied his obvious excitement and had absolutely no right sounding as enticing as they did.
for. Leave it to the police to ruin a good time.
Tony has given him an embarrassment of riches, and dammit, he’s going to find a way to make Tony understand just how much he loves him for that.
It was supposed to. And in a way, it did.
Steve grabbed Tony by the underside of his knees and yanked him up at an angle so that he was flat on his back and aligned perfectly with Steve’s dick so all he had to do was piston in and out of that
Tony flushed with indignation. “It was Stark Industries first, dammit!”
He was absolutely going to take this latest indignity out on Rumlow.
Tony jerks his gaze away, scowling. “The park was different, and you know it.”
He should have seen it coming. There’s a familiar stench to all of this.
Tony stopped partially off-road next to a small copse of trees along the wider edge of the road and made himself comfortable. The mp3 playlist switched over from Bush to Stone Temple Pilots, and Tony pettily decided that the cop wasn’t worth turning down
didn’t want to explain to the Defense Department that they had to swear in Tony Stark about Captain America because he got too frisky on a supercar.
darling, you’re taking me so well.” Tony relaxed his grip on his neck just enough to scritch lazily at the nape of his neck, running his fingers through precisely trimmed blond hair. Steve tried to reply, say
It was an honest-to-God speakeasy, cozily lit with red curtains as the backdrop to a small stage, and clusters of tables across the floor. Tony bypassed all the tables and headed towards the bar. “This is the best place for a drink in the whole city. I usually roll through here after I close a business deal.”
It’s a grim situation. Steve is dead yet not, and very much present in the Tower. Bruce is gone—and good. He’s either sought help, or deduced that the Hulk could potentially be infected and removed himself from the equation.
Tony needs to get free, he needs to save Steve, he wishes he had something, anything, to help him. The urge to protect Steve hammers in his chest, in his heart, and pulses along the bond, a desperate, consuming desire to thwart what is sure to be a fatal encounter. He wishes with all of his being that Steve would be protected. Anything, he would give anything to somehow encase Steve in his own Iron Man armor.
“Go away, Steve. You’re dead.”
Steve rolled his eyes and folded his arms, and the khaki uniform top he wore--already snug on his body--stretched tighter. He’d been complaining for over a year that the uniforms didn’t fit him properly, but no one ever did anything except give him shit for being so damn large or look at him like he was crazy. And no, he wasn’t unaware of all the covert (usually covert) attention it got him. He was actually pretty certain someone was deliberately sizing everything wrong for him, but what could he do about it?
“Let me see it. Maybe I--”
Tony climbed in after him, moving to straddle his waist, and Steve felt a jolt of interest roll through him as Tony’s erection pressed against him. Oh damn, Tony hadn’t gotten off back in the shower. He was such an inconsiderate ass. All of that time and attention, and he hadn’t even returned the fa--
Tony stares quietly for a long moment, wonders briefly if he might not be able to just go back to bed and close his eyes and start this day over. This? This is more than anyone can reasonably be expected to put up with. He immediately feels guilty on the heels of that particular sentiment, because, well, he’s not the one who’s actually a goat.
Son of a bitch.
“God, no, just...I mean, I would have dressed up if I’d known it was you. I um...I thought this was a casual thing.”
look at me like it’s the first time.”
He always endured.
kill Steve?
Tony veers away from the door, back towards the hidden stairs inside his living room.
“Goddammit Tony, I don’t know what’s worse; your guilt complex or the frankly terrifying pedestal you place me on.” Tony starts to pull away again, and Steve simply crawls into his lap, ignoring the panicked gasp Tony releases. He’s staying put, and Tony’s not going to bail out on this badly needed conversation. They’re hashing this out
Thor has given up shouting at Amora, his outraged invectives near-drowned by her raucous laughter, and no one really misses her when she disappears. Steve brings his attention back to the cluster of people around him. No, none of them much care about Thor and Amora at the moment. They’re all distracted, too busy staring at him, except for Tony, who isn’t staring at much of anything and instead has his face buried in his gauntlets.
this was ridiculous, and that just didn’t
As if to contrast the luxuriant gloom of the dining room—or, perhaps, to accent it—the meal is red, red as wine,
“Hey there, soldier.”
He commits it to memory, then tugs Tony over so that they are completely entangled, their legs intertwined and his arms wrapped around Tony’s neck. Tony’s expression shifts into something a bit more heated, a bit hungrier as he rocks against him. There is a light brushing at his entrance, and Steve moans and rolls his hips in accommodation.
“I take it that’s not meant for me.”
Focus on Steve.
Steve hissed and braced his hands on either side of the Saleen, then shifted, trying to spread his legs wider. The cloth around his legs pulled tight, and Steve swore under his breath when it became apparent that he was entirely unable to move his legs more than a foot apart. He was trapped in his own damn clothes. Tony caught on almost immediately and let out a darkly amused huff of laughter.
gotten such attention before, and it was very flattering in a way. Especially because this was Tony Stark, and while he was a playboy, Stark was also incredibly selective if gossip could be trusted. Still, he was technically on duty, and no matter how sexy the guy might or might not be, there was no way he was going to let the speeding slide.
he can. The question is which of Tony’s emotions win out.
Steve’s mouth fell open in a soundless scream as he let himself be led by Tony’s increasingly rushed nudging of his back. He was thrusting in earnest now, unable to stop himself as Tony turned him into the architect of his own torment.
fills his nostrils and dizziness rises to overwhelm him. A woman’s scream, a wretched sound full of rage and anguish and thwarted malice claws at the back of his mind, and his skin prickles as he staggers toward the door to his hallway, and the elevator that will take him from his penthouse.
By the time Tony gets a hold of Steve again, he has knocked a mugger off a bridge, attacked another swan in defense of a harried jogger, and battled a few members of the local police. The ticket is almost a given, as is the threat of animal control, so Tony figures it’s time to drag Steve back to the Mansion.
Steve laughed in his ear as Tony beat his head back against his torso, desperate for Steve to touch him, to pump him so that he could finally come because he couldn’t stand it anymore. He was caught on a plateau of sublime torment that would not ebb and would not break, and Steve had reduced him to a wreck and all his gagged screams--and they
Not that there had been much Avenging going on. Thor had been busy tracking down Loki, and Bruce had been puttering away at Stark Tower while Tony…
Steve let his hands slide down the hood of the car until he could brace his weight against the heightened ridges that housed the headlights of the car, and began to thrust back against Tony, throwing his head back as deep,
“No you’re not. We’re just getting started, Rogers.”
Steve stares at Tony for a long, horrible moment, trying to digest this manifestation of self-loathing. It’s the same old sad song and dance, then. Tony Stark hating himself and making a ruin of his life because he’s fundamentally incapable of accepting that he deserves happiness.
It was a long moment before the blood stopped rushing in Steve’s ears, before he could finally focus on Tony, trapped snug against him and breathing heavily.
Tony’s hand dropped from around his neck to reach for something set aside on the nearby shelf, and the distinctive snap of a tube cap being snapped open sounded just above the dull roar of the shower. Warm gel was liberally poured over his erection and Tony spread it across the rigid length with a feather-light touch that left Steve throwing his arms out so he could brace against the shower wall and not collapse on top of him.
It’s a culinary masterpiece, and Tony wants it. He wants it
He’s a salvager, a fixer, and he’s certain he could somehow unwind what’s happened to Steve with enough time and research...but
“Bold of you to assume you’re allowed clothing anymore.”
, his whole body rocking as he got closer and closer to his peak, then he would slow down, let himself come down a bit and then work himself back up to the edge again.
“Hey, Tony, you want to maybe fill in the rest of us?”
“Aye. Asgardian magic was the catalyst for our cursed friend’s state, and it shall be the trigger for this night’s work. Mjolnir will provide Wanda the mystic spark she needs.”
Steve’s lips quirked up into a wry grin. It had been pretty damn inspiring thinking about the plug, too. He traced a finger around the head of the plug, delighting in the way it made Tony shiver and tremble against him, and tugged at it gently, easing it out in steady, measured increments. Tony had planned every single part of this late afternoon venture, including prepping himself for Steve--and good lord, what a mental image that had made.
The beard rasps against his face as Tony deepens the kiss, clearly savoring every moment, and Steve lets out a pleased hum when Tony’s hands travel up his arms to tangle in his hair and yank him down further.
Steve squinted, taking a closer look as one of the guards shifted into a patch of light.
Tony lets his emotions swirl across the connection between himself and Steve, not fighting the rising demand for more and more of his affections, until it feels like he is surrendering every iota of what he is to the pull, flooding the bond with his love and affection and desire to have Steve safe and whole. The thin tendril now feels like a heavy rope, sturdy and woven tightly so that nothing could easily break it.
Steve’s fingers dug into the hood as Tony continued to soothe him, leaning flush against his back and pressing a kiss to his shoulder bone. “It’s alright, Steve, just relax around me, let me all the way in and I promise I’ll make it so good for you.”
“Everyone goes, Steve. I don’t have it in me to lose you too.”
Steve, who’d been utterly shit for words ever since Tony got a hold of him when he got back to their room, just mumbled what he hoped was a “please hurry up”, already letting himself sink back into his blissed out headspace, and bucked his hips impatiently.
—-but he looks at the too-still figure, the blood spread over the snow and the unnatural angle of the neck, the spine, and knows with a cold certainty that he’s too late. He’s no stranger to death—he
Neither was the wink.
was lurking somewhere beneath the suits and the armor and the obligations and ten thousand stresses. It utterly transforms him, makes him look younger, sweet, and it is absolutely a look that Steve knows he’ll spend his life chasing. Chasing, and finding only every once in a while.
“I’m leaving.”
Steve shook his head ruefully. “Sorry about that. Hell of a ride though.” Steve would definitely be trotting this little interlude out on his lonelier nights.
. Afterwards had followed an intensely wretched day-and-change of wearing the collar before Steve called things as square, and Tony could’ve wept. He thought he actually might’ve, when Steve had removed the collar and let him sink into his body and rock them to completion.
Cold could kill, and it burned the same as any fire, by the end.
It’s the ugliest thing he ever made.
Usually the city calls in the Avengers before it gets to that point.
He doesn’t remember drinking any of the other seven shots. But he remembers the pouring. The seven empty shot glasses speak to that much. The warm burn in his chest, the aged sugar on his tongue, and the mellow burn of a rum left to gain its footing.
“How in the everloving hell did you end up out here?” Tony demanded, resting his forehead against Steve’s collarbone while the man made impressively short work of undoing his belt buckle.
The car rocked and squeaked beneath them, suspension completely unsuited to the vigorous abuse they were putting it through, and Steve’s frantic cries and pleas were an obscene counterpoint to the ambient noise, making a ruin of the nighttime soundscape.
, but it’s flashes of 1941 all over again in his mind, flashes of being bullied and discounted and written off, like all he has to offer the world came on the heels of Erskine’s formula.
“Better hold on, Steve.”
these days...
“Wanda, what the hell?”
Just thinking of him is soothing, like a shot of morphine in the dark to drag him under and away.
Wait.
Steve, I want
Tony’s got Steve's other hand now as well, stretching his arms wide to either side of them as he bounces him up and down from the sheer force of his thrusts. Molten heat shimmers through his veins and electricity goes down his spine as Tony relentlessly hammers against his prostate and lets his heart spill out past kiss-swollen lips.
For the life of him, Steve will never understand how someone as wonderful as Tony consistently manages to sell himself short. Tony’s demons ride him hard, and he battles them constantly. It’s one fight Steve’s more than happy to tag in on.
“Mine.”
They remained curled around each other, the wall their only support--and barely so--before Tony began to shift around for better purchase in order to help Steve regain his footing, then pushed him towards the shower door. “Head for the bathtub, Brooklyn. We’re not done yet.”
It’s Carol who suggests that Steve needs to be bathed when they get back to the mansion, and that’s fair. Goats aren’t the sweetest smelling animals in the first place, and between the exposure to the outdoors and the dirt and grime accumulated from the park excursion, Steve has gotten pretty damn ripe. Tony tries to sneak out of it, but the task falls to him and Clint, who is going to damn well earn his keep because that carnie background has to account for
Does Tony feel the same thing when he says it?  Does his world go warm and bright and blissful? Tony has never put much stock in words, but would those particular ones somehow be enough?
“Hello, Shellhead.”
“Shhhh...trust me,” Tony whispered against his lips.
At this rate, he’d be lucky if he came out with anything intact.
The Time Jan Got Knocked Into The World’s Filthiest Porta Potty.
“All the more reason to stop him. Aren’t you Knights the Denarians’ sworn enemy? Why did you hesitate, Steve?”
doesn’t want to be a goat anymore. He’d rather get back to being
, like his life was some damned picture show for their grotesque amusement.
“You are persistent.”
A dark curl of self-flagellation and frustration wound its way through his stomach, acidic and nauseating, and Steve shed his clothing on the way to the bathroom, tossing aside pieces of his uniform and gear with a bit more force than he usually employed.
, tanking the blow to get closer into his target’s space, get his hands on them because it’s all over if Steve gets you in his grasp.
“I can't believe you had all that in you, 5-0. Look me up sometime, why don’t you?” Tony grinned and winked at him before sliding back into his car. “Later, Officer Handsome!”
He didn’t even have the luxury of his own damn name anymore. Steve Rogers was dead because the world was through with Captain America, and Steven Grant walked in his place. Steve had floundered at first, unsure what to do with his life, so he’d traveled a bit, studied a lot, and in between the mad rush to learn as much as possible about the new era he was in and escape the crushing weight of being utterly alone in it, he’d gone right back into public service as an officer of the law, because he’d be damned if he wasn’t going to do
“Steve here had my back.” Steve saunters over proudly and lets out a happy noise when Tony gives him an affectionate pat.
Wine! It was wine, it was wine,
worse than the goat thing.
Steve briefly considered closing his eyes and feigning sleep, but he was a Knight of the Cross--the wielder of Esperacchius, the Sword of Hope, no less--slayer of vampires and all manner of ghouls and goblins, and he’d gone through a World War, fought a Nazi cult and their human abomination of a leader, and survived being frozen 70 years in the Arctic, only to wake up and immediately fend off an alien invasion. He could damn well face down his (exceedingly) angry lover.
“I taught you better than that, Tony. Try it again.”
Jesus.
“Let’s give Strange another try.”
It’s just him, now.
This one has more of an edge to it, an intent that wasn’t there before. Tony steers this time, nibbling at Steve’s bottom lip, coaxing his mouth open with deeper and deeper kisses. Steve lets out a pleased hum that shifts into a gasp as cool air moves across his flushed skin. The kiss is
It screams for blood, for death, when he holds it. His heart pounds and his neck burns and his hands flex, longing to plunge it into Steve’s chest. The urge rises with every burning breath, and Tony realizes with a start that his teeth are gritted.
Steve panted out a broken moan and let his head fall down into the crook of Tony’s neck, swept up in the blaze of pleasure Tony had produced by lightly rubbing a roughened thumb over his nipple.
He yells when Steve bites down over his left areola, his hips snapping up to rub his cock against Steve’s ass, unable to do anything else but let himself be flayed apart by the sensation as Steve drinks. It hurts, a sharp ache in his pec that burns around the insertion points Steve’s fangs, but behind that ache is the ebb and flow of warm pleasure as Steve draws more and more of his blood out, and a dizzying sort of haze that settles over him as venom replaces it.
“Wow, Cap, you look good in Tony’s clothes.” Jan’s blatant topic change and appreciative once-over ends with her glancing over at Tony, who’s fiddling with his cellphone as if that can deter the brewing confrontation.
” Tony’s voice was deathly quiet, bitter. Tony, Steve abruptly realized, wasn’t angry. Well, no, he was. But there was more to it than that. Tony was...Jesus. Tony was
And then there was the illness. It was always something, growing up. Colds, influenza,  pneumonia, three different polio scares, and a barely dodged bullet with TB that
Steve let his head fall forward so that the soothing downpour hit the back of his neck and top of his shoulders, rolling them slowly as his muscles began to lose some of their stiffness.
They’ll surely turn infected if they break the skin. Howard’s squeezing hard enough it’s a real possibility.
(He can’t breathe.)
Tony shrugged, and ran a hand over the hood of his car. “My demon-girl here will take good--” Tony trailed off and looked at his hand in vague horror, casting about for something to use. Finding none, he sighed and then wiped it off on the grass. “My very next stop is a car wash.”
Tony sinks into the kiss with a relieved moan and grabs on to Steve’s hips, slams back up into him with a shaky cry.
Has...has this happened before? How many times? The pinpricks on his neck burn and Tony feels a chill go down his spine. He’d been warned, hadn’t he? He’s
Steve wanted to kick himself. Tony was a friend and colleague, and a prime catch. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t at least a bit intrigued by the man. Lord knew Tony popped up in his fantasies quite often these days.
Clint, who is still being menaced by an enraged goat, gives up all pretenses and seeks shelter on top of the island counter to get away. Given that Steve has spent most of the morning on top of the
and when his eyes slip closed and his mind reaches out there is nothing but a thick blanket of warmth and comfort and serenity and joy. It’s like nothing he’s ever experienced but everything he’s wanted, and it’s all because of
Damn him.
Steve laughs wickedly. “I love the way you always look at me like it’s the first time.”
, his first Dom, his first heartbreak, his first “friend with benefits,” and the man Tony would probably
and a wail of apprehension clawed its way up and out of him as he felt that all too familiar tension building within him more quick than he’d ever experienced before. Rational thought was a loss, but the words were suddenly
“I did,” Steve said cheerily and dropped into a peaceful quiet.
That same instinct, though, the one that screams at him that he’s in danger, that lets him know he isn’t losing his mind somehow? That same instinct tells him it’s not them.
Tony closes his hand enough that he can trace the bottom half of it with his middle finger, and a warm curl of something light and joyous winds around his heart. There is a sort of answering recognition in the metaphysical distance, and then something butts against his leg.
It’s been so long since he could breathe. Far too long. Not since Afghanistan. Not since the waterboarding and the hole in his chest and the foul cave air and the smoke and munitions fire and the raw desert heat.
in it, had seen for himself how deeply Tony loved him, and what were words in the face of
of him as he continues to sink into that unbearable tightness, fucking more and more splatters of come out of Steve’s still-heavy cock as the vampire croons dark obscenities into his shoulder, digs his hand into his back and
He’d grown up pale and skinny and sickly and in so much pain, but he’d grown up. He’d lived, and he’d struggled, and he’d survived, and he wore his pain like a badge of honor, not glorying in it, but proud because look at what he’d gone through. Life had seemed to take a personal offense to the existence of little Stevie Rogers, but he wasn’t going to roll over and die for anyone or anything. Certainly not for his own rebellious body.
His first mistake had been assuming that such a small device wouldn’t pack a wallop.
Steve repeated the motion, and Tony sighed as headline after headline appeared, all showing that damnable kiss, though some kept it front and center while others had gotten creative and dug out old photos of him and Ty to adorn the front cover.
The essay’s final draft--because Steve had returned the first one covered in a sea of red ink, along with a Hodges Harbrace Handbook, and made him do edits--had actually forced some uncomfortable truths to the surface that Tony hadn’t realized he needed to get off his chest. And the rice...well, the rice had just pissed him off, but in the 9 hours it’d taken him to count out 39,043 grains of rice, he’d definitely learned a thing or two about patience, and also had a thought or two about modified cereal grains that might help stave off the onslaught of world hunger; that, he had shunted down to Stark Labs, and it was yielding exciting results.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Tony went slow when Steve urged him to go faster and upped the pace when Steve adjusted to the slower, more languid pace. He used tongue and hands to urge Steve towards greater heights, pulled off and used feather-light strokes and teasing caresses to calm him back down, moving perfectly contrary to whatever Steve indicated he wanted. Tony was merciless, reveling in the increasingly frantic whimpers, moans, and profane litanies that dropped from Steve’s lips.
The wall explodes in a mess of plaster, twisted metal, and—
, Tony
The anathema is lying next to him on the bed, neatly snapped in half.
find me a date.”
Then he’s going to
Tony winds up falling backwards onto his bed, and Steve takes the initiative since Tony is stupidly clothed right now. Tony’s got
It felt like he was going on 150 some days.
laughter—and the thought comes unbidden.
Getting up means letting go of Tony, however, and he doesn’t have that in him. Not yet. Maybe it’s the newness of it all. They’d barely been able to break apart long enough to get themselves cleaned up before stumbling back to bed in the first place.
There is a list of Incidents That
So damn vulnerable.
“Here, hold on real quick, Steve. I’m going to make a phone call.”
Okay, yeah, he needed to get Steve prepped and ready for him fucking
He wants Steve.
mercenary of you. Put me down for 20 boxes. All Thin Mints.”
“Look Steve, it’s been a long and confusing week, and I’m sure projecting my emotions at you hasn’t helped the situation any. I...I didn’t mean to influence you like this, and I would be
He pounced.
“It’s okay, Wanda. You and Thor did what you could.” Tony sighs and reaches out to run a hand over Steve’s head.
“I wouldn’t stop.”
Life, protection, healing, positivity. The energies are complementary and bolster each other, contained within a tool that is both elegant and functional. Tony can almost hear his mother’s approving hum. It’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever made.
“TIBERIUS STONE HAS BEEN TRYING TO FUCK YOU FOR THE LAST YEAR, DAMMIT!”
Steve supposed he should feel bad about using her invite to
and decay and spilled alcohol.
Maybe.
Tony goes still, disbelief warring with pure longing as he pulls in precious air to fight down the panic, the sweet amber and warm spices of Dior’s
and it’s Steve, after all. He never had a chance.
saying them.
“Would you rather risk losing Steve’s mind entirely to the goat form he’s been cursed with? You yourself said that it takes longer and longer for Steve to come back to himself, and we’ve heard nothing from Strange. At this rate, we directly risk Steve simply not coming back to himself. Can you abide that on your conscience? I can’t.”
No one looks like they believe him even a tiny bit.
“Fuck, Steve, I’m trying to give you an out, okay? I’m no good--I’m a drunken, selfish, greedy SOB. I will give you anything you want, I will fuck you right here and now if you like, but don’t drag those words out of me. If I bring my emotions into this, Steve, it’ll be a mess. I won’t know how to let you go.”
Steve let his head rest in Tony’s embrace, feeling the truth he needed to utter heavy on the tip of his tongue. He needed to tell Tony the rest. But it would be hard enough work getting past this day anyway. Steve swallowed thickly, guilt and shame leaden in his throat as he remained silent, taking this one moment of comfort he so desperately needed.
They worked each other up slowly, Steve too large and wide to do anything except rub and push against Tony’s prostate with every thrust, and Tony so gone on it that his teasing had devolved into reflexive clutching and squeezing of his pecs. That was coupled with the steady swipe of Tony’s thumbs back and forth over his nipples, and Steve whimpered and moaned and groaned and panted and cried out louder and louder as his orgasm suddenly built up lightning fast. It wasn’t like the shower, where he’d been coaxed and played masterfully into one, or like the one he’d just had that he hadn’t even expected until he was there, cratered in the aftermath of it.
Not this again....
It’s not like cleaning a goat is rocket science.
Steve broke the kiss and moved to lick and nibble at Tony’s ear as he walked them backwards towards the S7, somehow still managing to remain in control while Tony felt like he was about to go off at any moment, and he would resent it, he would, but that delicious grinding roll of Steve’s hips was making it hard to hold onto any sort of ill will. Or reason. Or restraint. “Oh fuck me, you’re bringing your A-game, sir.”
Tony feeds Steve well, just in case, as if that will somehow make up for the potential horror-show that might be inflicted, then bends down to stroke a hand over Steve’s meticulously brushed hair and sneak in a hug while no one’s around. Hopefully Steve won’t remember any of this if it
put his back into it when Tony had him test them out earlier. Not as much as he could have.
the ones that dig their claws into your brain and never let go. The addictions drive a man to kill, to steal, to throw aside all reason and morality for the next hit, and there is no wine, no drug, no perfect sin quite like Steve’s blood.
to let you go, Shellhead?”
Steve fell into step beside Tony, who had taken advantage of the brief lull in pedestrians to start moving down the sidewalk.
Tony shrugged, ran a hand down the suit jacket that he had folded over his arms a block earlier. “Well, Nat made me agree to go out with a mystery artist before she showed me your picture. Wasn’t sure what I was walking into, so I, uh, I thought you might be more in your comfort zone closer to your home turf?”
Wanda straightens up, a decisive resolve settling on her shoulders. “This evening after dinner. I will need time to prepare.”
Clint and Natasha are down, and the last thing Tony sees as Thor bodily tosses him into the Quinjet behind Banner, who’s back in control and already snapping out the autopilot commands is a golden beam of light engulfing Thor and the others.
Tony isn’t in the habit of lying to himself, and he’s secure enough in his manhood that he can own up to this simple fact of life.
“Well, all the guys from my barbershop quartet are dead, so no, not really.”
Steve picked up the tiny chip on the floor and handed it back to Tony. “
Steve hadn’t even
Steve wasn’t quite able to muffle his yell as the vibration suddenly ramped up to what must have been its highest setting, arching and writhing and desperately seeking out any position that could get him away, get him closer, make it hit just right so that he could--oh, there, there there
“....I just offered you the juiciest promotion of your life and you’re swindling me for Girl Scout cookies?”
It’s very early in the morning, early enough that it could still be considered night, to be honest, and Steve's starving.
and rather than face it, he’d been selfish and let himself sink into the gentle fuzz of Tony’s emotional warmth. Everyone has been eager to fill him in on the last few days, except for Tony, who has been disturbingly silent and looks like the only thing stopping him from bolting and hiding away four counties over is the fact that Steve is holding on for dear life to the man’s arm.
Oh, oh God, oh fuck, he was so close, so--
Great plan.
. A dove white suit, neatly tailored to accentuate Steve’s broad shoulders and tapered waist, a rose pink and white checkered tie in an Eldredge knot tucked into the light gray vest with mother of pearl buttons. A pair of matching pink diamond cufflinks catch the light as Steve nudges a spoon towards him (he’d confiscated the knife after Tony had thrown it at him, but hadn’t managed to snag the fork).
“Clear quartz for awareness of higher self, selenite for clarity of the mind and concentration, and sodalite for self-truth, bridging the gap between the higher mind and physical level. The shield is vibranium, and as it was present for the casting, it should also be present for the unwinding.”
It’s as if his body simply rejects everything.
Tony has just enough time to activate the emergency signal on his Avengers id card for backup before he’s snatched up by Bulldozer and held in place with superhuman strength as the Wrecking Crew form a defensive wall around him, daring the police to try anything.
You shut the fuck up too, Not-Steve.
“JARVIS, turn on some music, would you?”
There is an inferno raging in his veins now, too hot to bear, far past tolerance, but every burst of pleasure pushes it away, and it’s a race against ecstasy and hell, and he’s coming and he’s shattering apart and—
Tony glances down at Steve, who is sleepily chewing on the hem of his pajama bottoms, and gently scratches the spot between Steve’s horns. Steve isn’t a dog, but Tony’s learned that the same principles tend to apply. Steve makes a happy bleat, and Tony grins down at him.
“Did you do anything fun Saturday night?”
Tony shudders and pours another double of Rhum Clement.
; it doesn’t matter. If it’s there, a goat will attempt to eat it, and if that goat happens to have a serum-jacked metabolism and a bottomless pit for a stomach, nothing is safe.
“Thanks for that.”
He can almost taste the whiskey on the back of his tongue, swears he can hear the low whistle Howard only ever gave when he was impressed.
“Faster Steve, my demon-girl’s made for speed, she can take it.”
Right.
On the sidewalk, more accurately.
fault, actually. Perhaps I should have been more specific when I called for the ‘form of old’. Incantations can be so particular.”
Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuckity, fuck.
Sure, he probably could’ve gone to Nick Fury or even Thaddeus Ross for help in getting his private journals and shield back, but well...no favor was ever given for free. Not from those sort of men--Steve had learned that lesson a long time ago. His next-door neighbor Natalie, however, was also attending the auction and had been kind enough to offer to bring Steve as her plus-one.
It’s so easy, such a relief, to surrender.
--I’ll consider letting you come, too.”
“I will drive through one of those gas station washes if I have to, Steve.”
There was another hand at work in his upbringing, however, a master’s touch far more subtle and deadly than Howard would have ever believed—if he’d ever known at all.
Tony, churning with humiliation and self-recrimination and worry that Steve had finally had all he could stand, had been desperate to get past the hurdle and back into his Dom’s good graces, but the collar… It was
Tony’s stomach plummets as Steve doesn’t change his course. Steve doesn’t have the shield, he doesn’t have any armor, and any one of the Crew can bench press almost 10 tons. Steve is
Which, okay, accurate.
Maybe Tony would let him ride him? He hadn’t done that with anyone since 1940 with that one Broadway fella...
When Steve finally pulled away, Tony was light-headed and shaky on his feet. Left momentarily unsure of what he was supposed to do, Tony gaped at Steve, who smirked and gave him another quick kiss.
“No, Pat, I’m not trying to get you shot by Dick Cheney.”
“Steve, leave the dumb swan alone.”
Steve glared furiously at Tony when the vibrations stopped altogether, leaving him on edge and frustratingly bereft. He remained tense for another moment, braced for the vibration to start again, his nerves primed and on edge, and...nothing.
Luckily, Tony was considerate, and actually really smart, because what he lacked in taking his time, he compensated for in over-generous application of lube and being quick in searching out his prostate. Steve was firmly in support of that sort of efficiency.
There’s no reply.
Honestly, all Steve is missing is his shield.
“Steve, are you okay?” Tony is trying to sit upright, but the prospect is tricky with Steve holding his left hand in a death grip, and his right hand is splayed across Steve’s back. It would take a better contortionist than either of them to successfully sit all the way up. Tony’s breath hitches when Steve wets his lips, and Steve can feel Tony’s dick stir to life beneath him. Tony’s mouth drops open a bit, but words seem to have abandoned him, and Steve can’t help but notice that his lips are very pretty, thick and soft-looking, and dusky pink. Really, that unnecessarily fancy goatee of his does nothing but call attention to them, and never let it be said Steve can’t take a hint.
Tony groans quietly as the suede coach rips under Steve’s attention and begins to catalogue the day’s observations.
“Yet it doesn’t change the fact I’m technically 94.”
Tony laughed, a smug and sinister thing, and heaped obscene praise on his shoulders, telling Steve how he loved how beautifully wrecked he sounded, how the moonlight looked on his sweat dampened skin, how fucking tight he was, how hot it was that Steve was letting him do this, how great it felt, how Steve
like he so obviously wanted to.
“But...that doesn’t explain the funky henna thing Tony’s got going on.”
Two, magic is an awful tool for awful people, and he
Tony. Stark.
“You’re so damn
Steve just stared at Stark for a long moment, expression completely blank.
The grin wasn’t reassuring.
Steve brought a hand up and cupped Tony’s cheek with it, the pad of his thumb slowly moving back and forth across his skin and over the neatly trimmed edges of his beard. Tony closed his eyes and let himself nuzzle into the touch apologetically.
“Fuck, that was hot, Steve. Are you okay, darling? It looked like you blew a dozen brain cells on that one…”
Tony brushes against the mark, shuddering as a jolt goes through him. His stomach, empty by now, twists and aches—he’s hungry, but there is nothing in the penthouse he wants. Neither food nor drink.
Tony continued to thrust forcefully into him, but now each lengthy slide was accompanied by a sharp slap to his ass and Steve hadn’t been spanked since he was child and this was humiliatingly close to it and nothing at all like it as Tony’s calloused palm rubbed over the stinging handprint and soothed the ache into something warm and darkly sublime. Steve both dreaded and loved it. There was another slap, another caress, another, another, and Steve bucked back against Tony, determined to finish it because he couldn’t take it, he couldn’t, he
Scratch one off the list, then.
He hurls his shot glass at the wall, the noise of shattering glass soothing something ugly and petty inside of him.
“Come and do it for me?
“God, they’d be so pissed. Half of them paid that ridiculous amount of money just for the chance to be in the same room with you, hoping to touch you, have a minute of your time, maybe even have you for themselves. The great Tony Stark, Iron Man himself, and here you are, stolen out from under their greedy noses and getting fucked to within an inch of your life.”
“Oh God Steve, yes, holy shit is this even--ahh,
It was a very good thought, and Tony found himself burying his hands in Steve’s hair and tilting his head down so that he could kiss him properly, all tongue and wet, molten heat and… and… and Steve had moved his hands down to his ass and Tony couldn’t keep back the throaty groan that worked its way out of his chest as he was rocked against the cop’s almost impossibly large erection.
“I love you so very much, too.”
He had always been in pain, but for the first time in a very long, long time, he wasn't.
Steve’s feet made up his mind for him, because before he even really registered it, Steve was standing directly in Tony’s personal space, his hands resting on the man’s hips.
Steve hitched his mirrored shades down to pin Stark with a sharp look. "Try fast enough to get you directly to jail, if you don't respect an officer of the law, Mr. Stark.”
A low growl of frustration crawls its way past his vocal cords, and Tony looks even guiltier. Thor shakes his head sadly, and Jan glares irritably at Tony. It’s maddening. Everyone knows how Tony feels, why this deliberate hedging? Does Tony think he won't reciprocate?
He squeezes his eyes shut, draws in a deep breath. It’s Tony. If he can’t gamble on him, he’s in trouble anyway.
“Stephen Strange, honey. Go back to sleep.”
Tony chokes on his coffee, hurls the mug at Steve before he regains his control.
The truth strikes him suddenly. He knows, he
“Holy shit,” Tony murmured reverently and paused behind him. Steve whimpered, first missing the sensation and then fearfully, realizing that Tony was planning out his next wave of attack. It was going to be wonderfully horrible and Steve tried to steady himself for it, but it was useless. Tony was quicker, fiercely relentless, and Steve found himself screaming his pleasure into the night as Tony unerringly hit his prostate with every thrust.
The silence
Steve whines and shudders as Tony eases his way back up, his lips soft and slick and his hollowed cheeks creating a moist vacuum that causes him to arch up, fighting against Tony’s grip. If he had the serum in him, he could easily break Tony’s grip, could do whatever he wanted, but Tony’s got the advantage, and all he can do is endure and beg for Tony to go faster, not that Tony’s listening at all.
Tony howls in pain and shoves against Steve’s chest, once, twice, then his fingers bunch into the fabric of Steve’s suit as he sucks and a bolt of pure ecstasy sizzles down his neck, blows through his veins his, muscles, his spine, pools low in his cock until its grown rock-hard and heavy in his pants, a rigid bulge that’s pressing against his fly.
Steve laughed and dragged Tony into another kiss, releasing his grip on Tony’s waist so he could work at his belt instead, deftly unbuckling it and then undoing the button and zipper of his slacks in short order.
“Harder,” he murmurs, breathless and alight with pleasure as Tony snaps up into him, making him see stars.
Not this time. Tony had been so...attentive, so keyed into his every want or need and yet refusing to let him go too far down any one path. It was a tactical maneuver to be proud of, keeping him constantly off balance and steadily driving him towards his goal without being blatant about it. Tony hadn’t let the pressure of actual reaching orgasm weigh him down, nor did he let him get stuck on anyone sensation, which would have left him in misery. No, Tony had fed him a jumble of pleasurable inputs that he couldn’t quite anticipate or keep up with, and Steve, thus undercut, had no other option but to just...succumb to Tony’s considerable skill.
despise the next few minutes.
” Tony struggles in Bulldozer’s grasp while Piledriver and Thunderball continue to menace the police. Wrecker looks entirely too gleeful about the prospect of hitting the goat coming at him, hitting
Tony held up his hands defensively. “Her words, not mine.”
Tony freezes and then sinks back down to the couch.
This guy was probably a master of disappointed looks--there was a crinkle between his brows that only formed from repeated use--and that only made Tony more interested.
compelling.” Tony grinned, traced a finger over Steve’s chest.
Natasha tossed him his uniform’s helmet, expression shifting yet again to something almost...playful.
“Just watch me!”
for this argument. Victor Von Doom, apparently taking advantage of the Fantastic Four’s extended absence, has unleashed an army of Doombots on the city, focused particularly around the Baxter Building. He hadn’t made any demands of the police or SHIELD, and the next step is the National Guard.
His fella.
Grew into the Howling Commandos.
Natasha cocked her head, that mercurial smirk tugging at her lips again. “Tell you what. You can have that Nazi boot-licking piece of shit, but you have to make it hurt, and I get to dress you.”
Tony’s never missed drinking so much in his life.
He’s so tired and so hungry and
Ty. Tony couldn’t understand it and had eventually decided it was because Ty held so much significance for him that Steve felt like he couldn’t compete. Ty had been his first, after all. His first crush, his first love, his first
He owed him that much, at least.
with the highway patrol, you were made for sex, fucking
must have caught on to his indecision, because he shrugged eloquently and wagged a finger back and forth like a metronome. “Tick tock, Officer Beefcake. You can write me a ticket and just pretend none of this happened and I’ll go on my merry way, but if you want you some, ball’s in your court.”
Oh no...oh yes, god...Steve groaned lowly in the back of his throat. Tony...Tony was an attractive man, and Steve didn’t go a day without wanting him, but yet another excruciatingly awkward encounter that left them both unsatisfied and treading carefully around the other would break him right now.
) share a quick look, like it’s the most awkward situation they’ve ever been trapped in.
He knows he’s won, knows
“Tony--
Steve rolled his eyes at her sing-song voice, and reached for his shield. “Natasha. The mission.”
Tony has him flat on his back, flushed red and panting for breath, drowning in a thick haze of pleasure. His eyes are squeezed shut, dark pulses of ghostly color appearing in the darkness behind his eyelids as his hips roll up into moist heat. Tony makes an encouraging noise when Steve tangles his hands in his hair, and all that does is make him grip tighter and try to thrust up further into Tony’s mouth as vibrations go down his dick.
“This is bullshit!” Everyone jumps at Tony's frustrated outburst, and yeah, he probably shouldn’t be so agitated, but no, really, this is
The first clue Tony has that something is wrong comes when he wanders into the kitchen for coffee. Carol, Clint, Wanda, and Thor are huddled over a newspaper, laughing and giggling. Clint sees him first and snickers, then throws up devil horns while wagging his tongue. It’s like the revenge of KISS photoshoots past.
“Yeah.I’m guessing more magic. Has anyone heard from Strange?”
Tony finally sees Steve—he’d lost track of him, fuck,
Tony breaks with a soft cry of his name, and Steve’s world goes off-kilter for a moment as Tony bucks up and rolls them over so that he is on top now, hot and heavy and hard above him. Steve trembles, loving the way Tony feels above him, how it brings back last night, and the way he had been surrounded, enveloped entirely by Tony. He’d wanted Tony so badly then, had wanted to kiss him then, but hadn’t quite dared, not wanted to irrevocably damage their friendship. Tony loves him, though, loves him fiercely and with every part of his being, and Steve winds his hands around Tony’s neck and pulls, tugging him into another kiss.
“God Tony, I love that you’re so wild for me. I bet if I took that tie out they’d hear you all throughout the mansion, clear outside to Central Park.”
Sometimes--and more often than not lately--they skirted around the whole messy scenario. There was kissing and cuddling and caresses, but nothing with actual intent; nothing to actually move things up to the next--often disastrous--level. Tony would then...stop. Just, slowly taper things off and let them bask in the mild pleasantness, but Steve would stare deep into those brown eyes, see him cataloging things away, analyzing and mapping some grand thing out, and he wanted to tell him that it was okay, that he was flawed goods and he just--he just--oh
to make him watch, loved to put on a show. He would stretch his legs wider, until he was able to get lube on his finger, always started with his pointer finger, tracing his hole with lube until it glistened, then coated his finger again and slowly worked it in, always with the same pattern. Up, up, down, down, left, right, left right, then he would pump his finger in and out. It meant something, Steve knew it did, there was this gleam of wicked amusement in Tony’s eyes everytime he prepped himself, the same gleam Tony got whenever he hurled a pop-culture reference at Steve that went right over his head. Tony would repeat it until he had either three or four fingers inside him--usually four because Steve was so much larger than him--and then he would continue to stroke himself with one hand as he worked the other inside of him..but with the plug?
Damn him and his dreams and his eyes.
with need, and he can feel his climax approaching, but in its own time and Tony isn’t letting him get there. He’s strung out on it, is sobbing lowly as he rocks and bucks through the sweet agony Tony is inflicting on him, and even if he had the desire to quiet himself, the ability is not there. Tony is very, very good at this, and he’s quite obviously after the pleas and curses and praise that spills from his lips in fevered desperation.
Steve immediately revved up his bike and took off after the idiot. He hated writing tickets--there had to exist far better uses of his time--but the only way the state would let him keep the motorcycle was if he actually did the duties that came with it. Besides, this idiot was clearly asking for it, and Steve was in just a bad enough mood to deliver.
The moment eased suddenly, something shifting in her gaze that was far less intense, and Steve felt the ever-present battle-readiness that’d stirred to something dangerously reactive settle back down.
“Steve…”
If Steve stopped, Tony was sure, he’d fucking die, Jesus, he couldn’t stop, not now. Tony shook his head frantically, and Steve grinned, a slow curling of lips against the shell of his ear.
Steve saw stars as Tony proceeded to fuck him all but
“Go to town, Cap.”
Tony had been so damn tempted to escalate, but Steve’s vicious glare had quite clearly said, “Fucking. Try. Me,” and Tony remembered a long-standing legend, passed around even into current times, of Captain America bending one of the Commandos over his knee and taking a belt to his ass in front of God and Man and half the 107th. It had been either Falsworth or Barnes, as the Commandos had only ever had two Subs in their ranks (Falsworth had denied it was him until his dying day), and Tony didn’t care to contemplate what was in store for him if any iota of that tale were true.
Someone he might have even loved.
Let’s test your control Steve, let’s play with this new toy I found Steve, it’ll be fun.
“That’s it, babe, that’s good, c’mon Stevie, c’mon, does it feel good, you feel so good and I want you in me after this, babe, you sound so hot, scream so pretty for me,
Fuck.
Steve opened his mouth to set the record straight on that--he was coming on Tony’s cock or down his throat--but ended up throwing back his head and damn near
Rhodey had laid money on it a long time ago—$250—that Tony’s cause of death would be sex-related.
Tony is not even sorry that they’ve been running Strange down like a dog, but they’ve got a mighty need for his services since Wanda doesn’t feel up to the task.
“Do you remember anything?”
Tony smirked. “Don’t cheat yourself out of a second helping, darling. One time’s usually never enough with me.”
Steve winced as the sensation of the vibration turned sharp, almost too intense in the aftermath. Tony was apparently going to turn this into an ordeal, and--
“I’m still here.”
Not a bad night at all.
The most disastrous poisons aren’t the ones that kill, but the ones that
Steve
Tony relaxed into the task, time blurring around him as he danced Steve towards the edge of an orgasm only to lead him away again and again. It became a bit of an experiment for him, and Tony greedily pursued his data.
chill, born of the kind of cold that reminded him of the arctic water, icy and unforgiving. The kind of chill that crawled up walls and frosted windows and mirrors and turned a man’s breath to vapor. The kind of cold that followed scions of the Winter Court, when they deigned to remind the world just who and what they were dealing with.
“Tony! God, Tony, please!” Tears well up in his eyes as Tony continues to slowly coax him closer and closer to an orgasm. It’s maddening, infuriating.
“Captain.” Stephen takes in the scene and fixes him with an arch look of his own.
“It’s the blue hair, isn’t it?”
They’re moving, he’s aware of that much, but he can’t really bring himself to care because Tony
He’s needed.
if we could put this behind us and move forward in our friendship.”
“JARVIS, load ‘em up,” Steve demanded, eyes glittering with annoyance.
no! No, we’re in public and there’s bound to be someone walking by, and--
Not Steve, though. He’s too far away.
Tony disappeared into the bedroom while Steve soaked in the rich mineral bath, and he must have nodded off, because Tony was calling his name and gently running his hand through his hair, positioned just out of reach. Steve had asked once why Tony just didn’t shake him awake, and learned that it was in case Steve woke up startled and reacted badly. It hadn’t happened between them yet, but Tony had managed to provoke the same reaction from his best friend Jim Rhodes unawares after he returned from his first tour of duty in Desert Storm and those were the kind of lessons that stayed with you. Steve was grateful for the courtesy, honestly.
Stark turned off the car and opened up the door, and Steve jumped back. He’d been unprepared for the door to swing up, not out. He didn’t know car doors
Clarity always comes at a price.
Tony, and the opportunity was there…
Steve’s own ire rose. Tony had his point, but he was holding on to this slight like a dog with a meaty bone, and
Tony quickly excuses himself and all but runs away to his room.
Steve was fucking into him so hard now, pistoning in and out and bouncing Tony on his lap with unchecked fervor and he had moved past teasing now and was urging Tony on, telling him to come, to let go, to feel it, demanding more and more of him.
He was going to
There was a shifting of weight during one such moment, and then a massive hand tangled in Tony’s hair, the blunt edges of roughened fingertips holding his head in place as Steve finally let go of what little restraint he had left and took control. Steve let out a throaty, satisfied moan and began to fuck his mouth, running roughshod over Tony’s attempts to regain the upper hand.
Steve laughed into Tony’s mouth, sharply slapping his palm against one of his butt cheeks and earning a startled gasp. Steve rubbed the sting out of it, and Tony made a frustrated noise as he fumble yet another button.
Tony draws in a shuddering breath, curses softly, and rolls off of Steve. “Yeah, no, we’re not doing this. Our first time isn’t happening on the floor.”
Something settles next to him on the bed.
There’s been nothing since then, no one.
it is really, but his hand started burning almost immediately after he jumped in to shield Steve from the arcane blast, and when he finally got his gauntlets off, he’d picked up an interesting body modification. He honestly doesn’t know what to make of the pale silver filigree covering the inside of his palm, or the (actually quite beautiful) stylized shield in the center of it all, that is quite obviously a combination of Steve’s rather iconic shield, and his old arc reactor.
by now, Tony.”
“Well, we used to grab a couple of bottles and take it with us on missions. Wasn’t worth shit for drinking, but it was hell on Nazi tanks.”
Tony’s expression shifted into one of delight--rare, when Howard brought up--and leaned into Steve’s space, giving him a whiff of woodsy cologne that was filled with hints of spice and tobacco. Steve took a moment to revel in the scent while Tony nudged him frantically. “
“Pretty sure that saved your life.”
Tony, anyway he could. His other arm trailed down Tony’s back, down past his tail bone in order to run a hand over the firm curve of Tony’s ass, then dip in between to--
Wanda’s scarlet tendrils of magic wrap around the ball of lightning, letting it hover in front of her as she begins to chant above the voltaic din.
“Tony, hey, I um...didn’t realize it was going to be you.”
Steve reached from behind his back--that’s right, Steve had kept one arm out of view, hadn’t he?--and held up a length of chain and attached to the end of it. Oh.
Steve was leveling an especially dour look at the European Wax Center that replaced what once had been a house shared by three families he’d grown up with before the war, when he felt the warmth of another person settle in beside him.
Steve was thick, possibly twice the size of anyone else Tony had encountered, and as he lightly ran his hand up and down the hot, hard length Tony was unable to stop himself from spreading the already leaking precome across Steve’s blunt head.
Steve sighed, weary in the face of Natasha’s persistence. “Nat--”
Hooves.
“Is that a goat!?”
Tony reached for Steve’s pants, and taking the lack of tasing or pepper spray as tacit permission, quickly unbuttoned them and yanked them down as far as they would go--which wasn’t very far since those ridiculously tight uniform pants tucked straight into Steve’s boots--as he sank to his knees in front of the Saleen. Tony managed to snag Steve’s black briefs along with the tan pants, and there his erection was, bobbing proudly out in the open for the whole world to see.
“Tony,
He realizes now, two decades and a box of film reels held hostage by SHIELD later that his father had never quite known what to make of that. Howard’s spark of genius had blazed like a star in Tony, and his father obsessively nurtured and jealously dampened it in turns, raising him in a fury of love and resentment that Tony was still unraveling emotions about to this day.
need is everyone constantly thwarting that effort.
Tony’s look of desperate relief at the emergency signal just pisses him off even further.
“She’s 30, Steve.”
Tony had great fingers.
Thor is in Asgard, and out of contact.
Steve nudged Tony's shoe with his own after noticing his subdued expression.
his old neighborhood, not by any stretch of the imagination. It looked...sterile. Whitewashed. All the life and energy and hectic buzz of life that he’d known was just...gone. There was a Starbucks taking up the space where The Velvet used to stand, and a case of dried out looking pastries taking up the spot where he used to bum cigarettes and listen to Gypsy Rose Lee fondly bitch about Madame Tirza and her “precious” wine fountain to whomever she was holding court with at the moment.
Steve squeezed his eyes shut and let himself be swept away by the pleasure arcing through him, the fight knocked right out of him.
He did not want to have to explain away body damage to Tony’s brand-new million dollar car.
“Steve, I’m no good for you. I’m an alcoholic control freak with delusions of heroism. You deserve better.”
Tony circled around him, moving from his right arm to his back, and Steve pressed back into Tony’s touch, seeking the contact on his sore muscles for a moment before losing his nerve and backing away as the perfunctory scrub grew uncomfortable. No fool Tony, he eased up on the pressure and pressed an apologetic kiss to Steve’s shoulder blade, light and almost teasing, and it was just enough to tip back over into pleasurable. He’d been halfway hard just from the shower and Tony’s tender ministrations, but he stirred to full attention, and Steve groaned inwardly. This was going to be a disaster, please don’t be a disaster, couldn’t his body just cooperate for once an--
Steve straightened, suddenly self-conscious about his outfit. Tony was wearing a pair of nice gray slacks and a black shirt with a thin silver tie, the gray suit jacket slung over his shoulder in a pose that looked like he’d prowled off the cover of a fashion magazine.
There were already countless internet archives dedicated to his nude pics that had been taken back during his Jamaica trip when he’d been sunbathing on what was supposed to be a private beach, and dozens of invasive snaps of him skinny-dipping at his family’s villa in the Italian countryside.
He needs to focus.
“Actually, you did. Your sex tape dropped this morning. ‘Stark Naked and Stone-d.’ Very clever play on words.” Steve’s voice was frosty now, and Tony was fairly certain there was a new hole somewhere in the Tower’s walls, and wreckage of punching bags down in the gym.
“It was fine,” Steve mimicked. “How was Tiberius Stone?”
Steve moaned desperately, arching sharply in an attempt to either escape the sensation or somehow shift the vibrator inside of him to a less sensitive position. It didn’t work at all, and all Steve wound up doing was writhing around on Tony’s ridiculously fancy satin sheets.
“Nnngh”, Steve grunted as he stumbled back against the wall, hands full of Tony’s ass. “Don’t stop.”
Steve’s gaze narrows as he begins to calculate angles. It’s a gamble, but if Tony wants to play it this way,
“You.
Clint may never forgive Steve.
Steve cried out, his body going taut as his cock bobbed and jerked, pumping out long ropes of come as he finally tumbled over the edge, fire roaring through his veins and electricity sparking across his nerves and brilliant flares of light behind his eyes as he came and came and
The young man snorted. “Kin he says. Yeah, I’m Howard’s son. Tony Stark. The genius? It’s kind of hard for anyone to forget, what with the way TMZ likes to dig the salt into the wound every couple of months. How do you
And not an elephant, really, so much as a…
He’s missed it since 1991.
with him?
—but the moment comes and goes, and Tony pushes himself up to look into his mother’s eyes. “This can’t be happening.”
“Would you like me to do that, Steve? I was going to fuck you, but you’re enjoying this so much--oh, that was a pretty sound, do it again--you’re enjoying this so much I wouldn’t want to deprive you. I could get back inside the car, let you watch me get myself off while you grind off on my S7.”
beautiful abyssal pools of midnight blue as he leans in with a quiet purr. “God, but you wear misery so well.”
He loves this man, this beautiful, brilliant, flawed but heroic piece of work that does nothing but bend over backwards for him, who gave him a home, gave him a future, gave him his
“Steve, you weren’t even supposed to
Tony, confronted with the proverbial nature of the beast, wondered if he could make it to the elevators before Steve caught him. He wanted no part of the looming disaster. Steve got very irrational about Ty.
A holographic display of a text conversation appeared above Steve’s head so that Tony could read it without having to move.
Tony was normally fairly quiet during sex for all he loved it--and he really, really did--thanks to the risk of paparazzi or voyeuristic eavesdroppers, to say nothing of his partners who might secretly record him. A lawsuit might win him compensation, but damage was damage, and there would be no forgetting whatever was leaked.
“I knew the state was having budget problems, officer, but I'd think they'd be able to spring for some clothes in the proper size. I do
"I like my cuffs extra-tight, darling. Like your uniform.”
and Steve shakes and shivers and desperately gasps for breath as his pulses races and his muscles tense and a scorching heat rushes up his legs and pools low below his stomach as he finally tumbles over the edge and comes in thick, pulsing ropes. Tony thrusts once, twice, and then stiffens and makes the most incredible noise, hoarse and breathy and low, like he wants to scream but his vocal cords utterly fail him, as he shatters apart, spending himself deep inside Steve's body.
All he has to do is close his eyes and let go.
Tony startles. How!? He’d surely remember such a thing. He’s losing his mind. He’s imagining things. This is
, and she surrendered to his command easily, revving higher and higher as he edged past 100 mph. Normally cars would begin to pull right or left, maybe even begin to shake and rattle as they proved unequal to the task of high speeds, but Steve Saleen knew how to build a car, and the first thing that Tony had done when they’d dropped his new baby off was take her into his garage and build upon already excellent work. She was demon red and even faster now, like a rocket, and a wild rowdy thing underneath that sleek and graceful exterior.
Realization and horror arrive, moments too late. Steve grabs his wrists in his larger hands, forcing his arms down as he pins Tony in place with his weight.
Steve’s grin is chaotic, eyes alight with dark glee because he’s won.
“Jesus.”
“....that’s all. I’ll see you on the earnings call Wednesday. Take care!”
“What the--STEVE!”
Every task needs the appropriate space.
He’s done himself no favors.
He’s hungry. There is food in the fridge, but the thought of eggs makes his stomach twist, the leftovers smell rank and even if they hadn’t gone off by now, his brain shies away from them. He doesn’t want it.
good evening after that, Tony remembered fondly.
Steve murmurs against his lips. “You first, because I need you. Because you’ve always been mine even when you refuse to say it. there is no mind capable of matching yours, and you and I together will be unstoppable.”
Steve took a long look at the lack of exits, the way the alley was dark and shadowy even in the late afternoon and in full defiance of the flickering light above the door. A bit of steam hissed out of a set of pipes.
Had gone to his mother’s grave and stolen her bones.
By the time they make it halfway through the park, Tony’s plowing down a burrito and Steve’s wiped out most of a pretzel stand, three baskets of fries and a veggie burger, another panhandler’s cardboard sign, and is now attempting to eat Tony's pants. Tony manages to ward him off by petting the top of his head and stroking his horns, and Steve tries to give up being a goat in favor of becoming a lapdog. A curl of genuine affection winds through Tony as he strokes surprisingly soft goat hair and pulses along the bond and across the metaphysical gulf where Steve should be. The goat stares up at him with eyes that seem to gleam with self-awareness that wasn’t there earlier, before gently butting his leg.
When he drinks water, all he can smell is the bottle’s plastic, all he can taste is dirt and chemicals and it’s horrible. He doesn’t dare try the tap.
Tony presses a soft kiss to his inner thigh, then scoots his way up the bed until he’s resting on the pillows beside him, still taking care to stay in contact with Steve’s body. No one wants a goat inserted into these proceedings. Tony’s smiling, and it’s one that Steve’s never seen before. It’s a little fond, a little soft, and his eyes are so warm and blue with a gleam of genuine happiness in them. It’s a devastating look on Tony, who usually so in control, so unflappable and guarded. This is the deepest part of Tony, the truest part, the one he’d always
He didn’t know where his black suit jacket even
Maria frowns at him, cupping his cheek. The touch is faint but so very cold, and goosebumps prickle his skin. “You’ve been bitten, honey.”
It’s someone else.
that scent.)
It wasn’t a steady climb, no, but a methodical overwhelming that never quite followed any set pattern and it was too much and too good and he’d not seen this side of his own desire since before the serum, and it was barrelling over him too fast for him to even keep up with now and Steve sobbed brokenly under Tony’s urging, feeling himself flush and the hot spray of the water on his skin wasn’t soothing anymore, it was registering even more intensely on his senses, pattering over his shoulders and back in heated little staccatos of pressure and...and...and…
“You think
and he’s being pulled up out of his chair and pressed tight against Steve’s body.
“Too young.”
By all rights, the trip through the park should be peaceful and entirely uneventful, save for Steve maybe taking a moment to antagonize that swan if it’s back around, but he is Tony Stark, and the universe hates him, so when they cross Gapstow Bridge, he can hear panicked yelling.
Tony continued to urge him out of the tub, and when Steve finally worked up the will to get out, Tony was waiting for him with an extremely soft towel that he used to pat him dry before leading him back into their bedroom.
Tony tried to tug away from Steve’s cock, had to try it twice more before Steve paid attention. “Okay, baby, okay, I’m going to get you ready now, okay? Do you still want me in you?”
“Thanks, Hawkeye.”
“Bonded?!”
” Tony had reached his left hand around to take Steve firmly in his grip, using the large amount of precome he was leaking to ease the winding slide up and down his cock. “Would you try to give me another ticket if I speed up, Steve? I can pay that one off too while you’re here?”
These louts regularly batter Thor about with ease. They have super strength, super speed, and suspect morals.
Tony made a disgusted noise and wiggled his foot out, freeing himself entirely. “Oh, fuck me, that’s gross.”
“Steve…” Tony’s voice is soft and apprehensive and yearning, and Steve will be damned if he misses this chance.
“Um, yeah. I’m fine, so long as I hold onto Tony, but I’m fuzzy on the rest of it.” Steve strokes a hand down Tony’s back as he mumbles sleepily.
Tony let out a startled yelp as Steve clenched down on him, and that was it, it was all too much for him. Tony lost his rhythm, thrusting once, twice, and then cried out frantically as his own release dragged him down, coming with enough force that Steve could feel it even through the condom.
The coffee is very hot, and very good, and Tony is very, very
The new angle was perfect for both of them, and, not one to waste an opportunity, Tony grasped him tighter around the hips with both hands and slammed into him all the harder
The no-nonsense method Tony used was a complete contrast to the earlier teasing, and Steve supposed that Tony was feeling pretty worked up himself--certainly the dazed expression on his face after Steve had finished kissing him was telling.
Tony tutted and smacked Steve across the ass reprovingly. “
Steve feels a calm resolve settle over him as he stares into Tony’s eyes. Dark shadows of worry and fear eat at the bond, though Tony ruthlessly squashes the vast portion of it down whenever it gets too much and begins to leak over to Steve.
“He’s mine.”
The comm crackled to life in his ear, Clint’s wry voice mostly distorted by the wind whipping around him.
Tony hummed lowly, a pleased sound in his ear that sent electricity down his spine. “Like that idea? You know, I was probably going to pull over and take care of myself before you caught me, Steve. Just unzip, run my hand down into my pants and get myself off real quick.”
Steve glared at his tsum and began nonchalantly making his way across the room towards the tiny creature, who perked up and began to eagerly make its way down the manor’s opulent corridor once Steve closed the distance between them.
“Concentrate on Steve, Tony, and it will be fine.” Wanda’s voice is gently chiding as she takes her own spot outside the circle and lifts her hands.
Well, look at that. A
Steve froze, a chill of apprehension crawling up his spine. Actually, no, that was a
Tony panted into his mouth as Steve got his hands on his cock, trailing his fingers over the heavy length before swiping the steadily leaking precum down all six...and a half...seven...
Clint.” Jan’s voice sounds like it’s anything but.
“Oh! No, I was just swinging through for some...coffee.” To his credit, Tony’s pause was barely noticeable as he quickly scanned his surroundings to pick out the nearest establishment. He wasn’t quick enough to hide the wince of distaste as he looked at the Starbucks., however, and Steve figured he should at least do Tony the courtesy of not pointing out his oft-verbalized disdain of anything related to the coffee chain.
has something to say, even if it pisses people off.
He really wishes he had the armor right now, because he
works for you.” Tony let his eyes linger a moment longer, blatantly ogling, and grinned.
Steve licks at Tony’s throat, staunching the flow of blood. His tongue is dark red with blood when it darts out to lick clean the messy smear of blood, and Tony convulses with the sudden, visceral need to
“Shit, Steve! I thought we’d lost you!” Tony steps into the circle, lips twitching into a smirk because Steve is naked as a jaybird, and he’s going to give him so much grief once he uncurls from his fetal position.
“NO! I don’t think you’re useless, but I
Hydra had Howard assassinated so they could steal the serum he’d finally managed to recreate—that morsel of knowledge gleaned from the notes he’d recovered from his SHIELD hack.
JARVIS is offline, somehow; Tony doesn’t know enough to guess what happened, but this is who he suspects: Steve.
Natasha turned to face him fully, and Steve had an uncomfortable moment where she seemed to shred through every last layer of his psyche with a pointed stare.
Tony knew good and hell well what he was doing, the rotten bastard.
The hours come and go like thieves in the night, slipping by between blinks and stolen snippets of rest. He can’t sleep, mustn’t sleep, and he can’t remember the last time he felt rested at all. He remembers screaming and choking and the scent of death and failure and behind it all a sip of blood and hunger pangs shredding his stomach apart.
“Natasha’s a menace.”
a friend. A good one. I miss him.”
Who did Steve kill, to organize this dinner?
Wrecker and his crew don’t generally make good choices, anyway.
There is a picture of him walking Steve through Central Park. “Tony Stark, Satan Worshiper?” Below it in a sub headline, “Eccentric Billionaire Lets Sacrificial Battle Goat Run Amuck in Central Park.”
The slower Tony went, the higher Steve’s voice climbed as he demanded more. He went fast, and Steve’s voice went low and guttural as he moaned Tony’s name. Licking the head of Steve’s cock got him “please, please,
“I can’t believe I’m bypassing that little revelation about you and the SSR raiding booze, but hold on .My dad...was bootlegging hooch during the war?”
The fourth finger was almost too much to be borne, and Tony’s pleading moans shifted to broken howls against Steve’s palm as he rocked away and then back down, trying to escape the too-intense edge of pleasure and immediately regretting it, missing the low, pulsing roll as Steve massaged him open.
Steve’s lips curl in a sinister grin, slow and wicked, as he leans across the table and slides a crystal bowl filled with Andalusian gazpacho towards him.
Poor Tony. He’d actually managed to carve out a short vacation for himself and had been very enthusiastic about the special taping of the Mythbusters season finale that the producers had requested Captain America, Iron Man, and Thor to guest star on.  He, Thor, and Tony had actually been on their way to the taping site when their alerts had gone off, and instead of the superhero obstacle course they were going to participate in, they’d had to double back around to Sotheby’s because Amora had attacked the auction house in search of an amulet.
The sharp crest of pleasure that had been built up sloped off into a disappointed ache, and Steve wasn’t sure if he wanted to cry or throttle the man.
“Your pants are ruined, you know. We’ll have to stay in here until everything’s over and then we can sneak out to the car, get back to the Tower. Avoid causing a scandal.” Steve didn’t even try to hide the pleased note in his voice.
“To be fair, she also said you had mournful blue eyes and were stacked like a brick shithouse.”
Tony reluctantly acquiesces to his demand, looking straight into his eyes. Steve drops his hand slowly, rather missing the sensation of Tony’s soft lips on his fingers.
It’s damned
So what if he broke the damn headboard? It served Tony right. As soon as he got loose, he was going to--
“Holy fuck, Steve?”
“Are you trying to convince him or yourself of that, Tony?”
Not since the Chitauri and the void of space and
Tony doesn’t want him.
He had learned his lessons well. No recordings, keep it quiet so he could have
on their hands and purged over three-quarters of their line.
Steve looked from the tsums to the young man staring at him, watched the realization dawning in his eyes, no doubt a perfect mirror to Steve’s own gobsmacked expression. Lord, but he was a looker, obviously well-built if a bit short, thick black hair that was cut in one of those deliberately messy styles that Steve had been horrified to learn cost an arm and a leg, a fancy goatee that was reminded him of Howard’s meticulously groomed facial hair, and soulful brown eyes that Steve realized he would probably fall victim to for the rest of his life.
“You little
Steve grinned, charmed at the courtesy. “I’ll be fine, Tony. You drive safe and stop that ridiculous speeding. I don’t want to get called out here to find a crew scraping you off the road.”
A deep lance of pain and horror shot through his intestines, souring his stomach and bringing up bile and acid. Steve fought down the urge to be sick, and took a steadying breath. “I was thinking, Tony, that it was Orthiel.” His lips grew dry, suddenly, and he licked at them, looked up to Tony’s hard gaze and met it resolutely.
Ty had talked about his DreamVision project that he’d been working on ever since he’d returned from Europe, there’d been some reminiscing about their youth, and they’d just…relaxed. Simply let themselves be. There’d been a playful scuffle over the check at the end that concluded with Ty cleverly switching the receipts and paying for everything
Steve pulled Tony flush against his body with his left hand, and wrapped his free hand around both of their cocks, reveling in the damp heat and thrill of sensation as his own cock was snugly pressed against Tony’s.
“I don’t see the Iron Dipshit around, either! Grab him!”
idea how hot you are like this?” Tony’s breath was hot in his ear, and Steve whined in the back of his throat as he sped up, thrilling in the sensation because it was so good, hating it because it was so far from what he really wanted.
Steve had said.
They leave Steve’s body in the darkness and shadow of the Latverian forest, a new blanket of snow and winter frost shrouding the fallen hero.
Slowly, Tony curved his hands into claws and the massaging became scratching; nothing too vigorous or rough, however, but a careful scrub that worked up the thin layer of mission sweat and days of product residue that hadn’t entirely been washed away.
Tony watched him greedily, licking his lips as Steve continued to buck and moan and whimper as relentless vibrations pulsed through him.
Something inside him
Steve laughed, bright and genuine, and good goddamn, but didn’t that take a few years off the man’s face. He’d originally pegged him at early thirties, but Tony wouldn't put Steve past twenty-eight now. They were of an age and Steve, Tony realized, was an achingly common byproduct of war: a veteran who had obviously gone through too much far too fast and never really come home. Tony decided right then and there that he was going to give Officer Steve Grant the time of his life.
“To be fair, tall, blonde, and handsome always was your weakness, wasn’t it, Tony?” Good ole’ Jan. At least
Steve grinned into the kiss, something in him unfurling as memory crept up on him, myriad escapades in alleys just like this, hasty interludes that sometimes led to more, sometimes didn’t, but was always a good time. He might not be 100 lbs. and nothing but spite and bones anymore, but it was...familiar? A little piece of normalcy? Steve Rogers tipsy and carrying on in an alleyway, just another random night.
Tony swore and had his hands in Steve’s jeans a moment later, and it felt nice, felt amazing, but the tangle of limbs was awkward and Steve pulled free of the kiss.
“Hiding behind an anathema, and you don’t even have the resolve to use it. Pathetic.”
Steve looks back up just in time to see Strange’s expression smooth over, but can’t find it in himself to care. He’s got Tony, and the whole word can know, as far as he’s concerned.
And. Then.
His workshop is a technological marvel, taking up almost an entire floor all its own. There he designs new tech, weapons, and armor for the Avengers, or upgrades his various suits. It’s his musing room, his workroom, and is his usual haunt when he’s in the Tower.
he prayed,
“You think too much.” Tony smacked him playfully on the ass, nothing too hard, just enough to bring his attention back to Tony, and those devilishly wonderful hands, and Steve moaned as Tony rubbed a proprietary hand over his his cheeks, turning the stinging into a warm sort of throbbing that...that was kind of nice. Something to explore later, maybe?
inches. Steve had encountered a few more risque articles about Tony, and while it was one thing to have gossip mags reporting that Tony was well-endowed, it was something entirely different to have his hands on it.
Steve strolls into the common room’s kitchen Sunday morning like nothing is wrong, and makes himself comfortable at the table.
, like grasping hands latching onto his innermost core and seizing a tendril of it to pull. It’s thin and almost frail at first, and the certain knowledge that he can’t let the connection weaken and fail washes over him.
Wow. That sounded even more lame out-loud than it had when it was a hastily generated excuse in his head.
Tony jerks his head to the side, breaking their eye contact as he swallows jerkily, but remains infuriatingly quiet. Tony
something in them. This chance not taken will see them ruined, too much between them too long unsaid. Tony will see himself dead before he spits it out and risks what they are for what they
--thought that it was Winter’s Knight at first, under a different name. Or mayhap a member of her Court.”
“Hello, Tony.”
especially when the Crew has a hostage, is baffling. He can’t quite suppress the flash of irritation at being used as a hostage either. Honestly? He regrets the whole secret identity thing. It had been bad enough hiding it from the other Avengers, but even with that obstacle gone, he still has to keep things secret from the general public. He’s just Tony Stark to them right now, but they’d probably think twice about trying to hold Iron Man hostage.
There was a sharp snap behind him, and then Tony was liberally squeezing liquid soap onto his shoulders. Oh. Right. He was in the shower to get clean, not linger under the shower, and Tony--Steve startled as Tony smeared the soap up and down his arm with blessedly gentle strokes, then began working it up into a thick lather that cut through the layers of sweat and dirt he’d accumulated--Tony had apparently decided to take over as bath attendant.
Doctor Erskine’s serum was going to fix all that.
“Or?” Tony echoed, a playful grin tugging at his lips.
Stark was tall, just over 6 feet, and well built. His hair was thick and jet black, styled deliberately reckless in the way that seemed so popular amongst celebrities these days. Steve took in the carefully sculpted eyebrows (they had to be, he refused to believe that was just how they grew) and the meticulously styled van dyke, and flicked his gaze back up to stare into dark blue eyes gone bright with mischief.
Steve strokes a hand along Tonys jaw, brushing along the goatee before cupping a flushed cheek in his palm. “I love you.”
and the fork—the heavy baroque dinner fork with the sapphire stone nestled between the filigree—it’s still in his hands and Tony tightens his grip around the handle and
The middle of the battlefield was no place to discover that shrapnel in skin felt like being ripped open on barb wire and stung like a swarm of enraged wasps. The Italian front taught him that bullets--which normally weren’t initially painful for others until the aching kicked in upon realization that they had actually been shot--felt like being stabbed with jagged knives instead of the usual reports of dull bee stings or hard punches, immediately followed by sticky wetness and then the burning kicked in.
No, Tony had to be aware, and was probably working his way up to something.
Venom.
there’s a problem in the first place.”
The first sign things had gone horribly awry was the miniature version of himself peeking out from around the corner. Steve
That red-headed she-devil...Steve huffed out a rueful laugh. “Something like that. So, that’s your type, then? All those models and power execs can’t hold a candle to an artistic soul?”
and it’s all so wrong because this only ends in him dead or unmade or both—and he isn't sure which is worse—isn't sure if he’s losing his goddamn mind, isn’t sure if he even truly cares at the end of the day because it’s
“I find it amazing,” Tony drawled, “that you’re more invested in christening every room in my childhood home than I am.”
Tony preps him slowly and thoroughly, easing him open in gentle increments, pressing kisses across his body and whispering the three sweetest words Steve’s ever heard again and again, yielding to Steve’s continual demands for them. Everytime, everytime Tony says he loves him there’s a flash of brilliant warmth that slams into him and sends him spiraling further and further into a blissful haze. It’s an addicting sensation, and as he moans and gasps and pleads under the mercy of Tony’s skillful fingers, his only wish is that he could somehow do the same for Tony. He’s said it and will keep on saying it as often he thinks Tony needs to hear it, as often as Tony
Steve froze in the middle of quietly seething about the gentrified mess his neighborhood had turned into, his stomach twisting as an all-too-familiar voice registered above the white noise of the sidewalk traffic.
Tony doesn’t reply.
Steve let himself be pushed down on top of a pool of cool black satin sheets and buried his face in the mound of pillows, rubbing his cheeks over the slick fabric and breathing in the fading scent of the lavender dryer sheets mingled with the tobacco and sandalwood afternotes of Tony’s custom cologne, and enveloping it all, their mingled scents. Steve, long adjusted to his own, inhaled again as he stretched and shifted about until he was comfortable, seeking out Tony’s own unique scent.
The Carbonells had mastered the art of death centuries before a Stark ever designed a trigger.
“It was a business dinner! He just happened to be there!”
Tony glances over at Carol, who doesn’t look much impressed with not being as up-to-date on information as she could be and holds his hand up. “I... this appeared after the Blue Ādaraya exploded. I can...use it to talk to Steve?”
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, no funeral procession, no lying in state.
“I don’t think I’m in the right head-space for a relationship, you know? I just...I need some time.”
Tony’s only reply was a desperate noise in the back of his throat as he continued to stare, utterly incapable of words. As soon as he'd walked through the foyer of his penthouse and spotted his Dom, he'd grown immediately, achingly hard, and his brain had gone fuzzy and packed it up for the night. It took a lot to derail Tony’s train of thought and shut him down completely, and Steve had accomplished it in two seconds flat. Steve looked like he’d just come out of a risqué photoshoot, all glowing and damp from his shower.
“Oh shit, oh fuck, Tony I can’t--
They’re not wrong.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Tony snapped out, wanting to cause a bit of damage himself.
“Tears, Tony? Do you want me to stop?”
“What’s the story? You’ll change back into a goat now if you’re not touching Tony?”
“...Mamma?”
His thoughts were so muddled now that he was capable of only identifying abstractions. He was hot, so hot, and his uniform shirt was a torment, too heavy and snug on his body, and the harsh rub of the fabric against his sensitized flesh was driving him crazy. The cool night breeze, rich with crisp traces of pine, chilled the sweat on his exposed lower back and was a welcome relief as he rocked with the force of Tony’s thrusts.
Tony frowned. “Project?”
as leader of the leader of the Avengers, because if Tony “wanted to get ridiculously out of line in a professional setting,” then Steve “would meet him half-damn-way and give him a taste of how they used to handle brats back during the War.”
He hadn’t reckoned on the sudden dive his stomach took, the way he insides curdled and his muscles tightened as something hot and angry flashed through his body and his teeth clenched and he couldn’t even find
The silence was back, this time ripe with expectant melodrama as every set of eyes in the room turned to stare at Tony.
Steve has chewed through the lead and is facing off with a swan, dropping his head and shaking his horns at it threateningly while the swan hisses and flaps its wings, completely undeterred. Of course, Steve goes and picks a fight with an asshole, and since he’s no longer human, it’s perfectly in character for him to find the biggest asshole
"I’m still game for a date, though. I’d...maybe been trying to figure out how to ask you out for a while, and I’m still interested. Let's go scare up a good time. Hell, try to get me drunk." Steve quirked a grin at Tony's disbelieving snort. "It's doable, but it'll only last a few minutes."
Maria Stark had been tough—had to be, to deal with Howard—but she’d also been patient and tender, and had always known just how to soothe Tony in his more volatile moments. It’s not been lessened by death. She calmly lifts her arms, the flowing cape sleeves of her white lace and satin burial gown shielding Tony from the rest of the world as he throws himself against her, burrowing his head into her stomach.
Steve is near.
“Oh yeah, honey, just like that. Take your time, Steve.”
belongings in the first place, and Natalie had already indicated she was after a few items of her own--in particular, access to Stane’s vault. Steve wasn’t sure how he felt about living next door to a glorified cat burglar-slash-grifter, and he had suspicions “Natalie” was an alias, but he’d had worse neighbors, and at the end of the day, she
He’s so hungry.
Please, please, let it be that simple. Tony stuffs his hands into his pockets and focuses on Steve.
She overrode him, patting him on the shoulder as she stepped out of his throwing angle. “I think this will be good for you. Trust me?”
Steve got himself settled in the tub, leaning back against the built in cushion and stretching out fully so that the gently churning water bubbled and foamed across his body. Tony sprinkled a liberal amount of epsom salt into the tub, and the scent of eucalyptus and spearmint rose up from the steaming hot water as the crystals dissolved, mingling with the lavender and teakwood bubble bath Steve had borrowed once from Natasha and never returned.
He almost makes it.
He buries his head in his hands and
Pepper moved out of the Tower but remained a close friend to Tony, and one of the last things she’d done was leave Natasha her address so they could continue their standing spa dates, and then baldly inform Steve as she passed him in the empty foyer that she would be much obliged if he could refrain from “immediately fucking her ex-boyfriend and give him some time to regroup.” Steve had been a little amused at her moxie, a little chagrined at being caught out, but mostly concerned about the state Tony would be in.
Cute, but an asshole.
heard from Strange yet?”
Aliens? Sure. That was what he’d been missing. Fucking aliens.
It takes a lot of levity out of the situation.
Tony will cut whatever they could be off at the knees, and act as if it’s a great idea.
Steve gestured at the two-story high Target on the corner, at the second Starbucks next door, and a nearby row of street-level house shops and eclectic restaurants.
to fight over it.
The metal takes form, rounding and tapering down into a perfect instrument of destruction. The grip is a silver double helix with tumbled amethyst, sapphire, and clear quartz stones embedded in the middle of each section until it reaches the tiny silver crossguard. African Blackwood comprises the stake itself, twin veins of cold iron and silver winding around the sides until all three components meet in a viciously sharp point.
“So, according to Natashlie, you’re a really sweet veteran that dabbles in art. She sent me a few pictures of the NYC skyline that you’d drawn.”
Steve trembled, intensely aware of that solid presence sitting rigid just past his opening, and how big it was. Oh, he’d had
“How was the trip?”
He’d been away only days, not even a whole month, and then he’d been sent right back down the chaotic spiral.
He isn’t.
always able to suss out when Tony was lying, he damn well isn’t dumb enough to sit there with Tony halfway hard underneath him, bound to him with a mystical bond born of True Damn Love and think that all they are is platonic. “You’re lying.”
with hunger.
, fucking him even harder through his orgasm and past it into a brain-searing plateau of sensation that was simultaneously too much and not enough. Desire and lust and apprehension and pleasure sizzled within Steve and flashed through him like an explosion and he couldn’t come again, he couldn’t,
“I thought we agreed that your magic was too random to risk being mingled with whatever I have going on?”
screams now, screams of ecstasy and need and desperation--did little more than goad Steve on.
The abomination has no right sounding so silkenly cordial, so teasing, as if they are striking up with a dear friend. Steve is even wearing a
“Jesus, take the compliment, Cap. It’s true, and I swear you’ve got to be fishing. Jan has an unhealthy lust for Calvin Klein models. There’s no high praise from her than being compared to one. Now come here. I want to blow you.”
“I didn’t fuck Ty!” Tony finally shouted, solidly irritated now. He was going to
Steve turned to stare at Natasha as she silently crept towards him from her own--much neater--landing spot a few feet away.
He does his best to ignore the lack of anything solid, winces and turns away from the trashcan and it’s contents before he gets sick all over again. The water from the bar sink removed the worst of the taste from his mouth, leaving him feeling a little less gritty.
It registers finally as the lack of pain catches up to him. Steve’s not fighting him back—the ripping and the tearing is the sound of
“I…” Tony’s words dry up as a wild expression crosses his face. God, he’s such a mess over this whole situation.
“Fuck off, Rogers.”
“I’ll have--”
“Did I hurt you?”
” Steve lifts the hand that bears Tony’s soulmark and presses a kiss to it. The result was nothing like he expects. Tony jerks and cries out beneath him, head flung back and eyes snapped close as if a bolt of electricity is running through him. He’s fully erect now, Steve can feel it, feel how Tony is rock hard beneath him, that thick and rigid length pressed straight against his own rapidly growing erection. He hadn’t known the sigil would produce that kind of a response, God.
“My home turf, huh?”
Well. He could forgive his pushiness.
Clint shrugs at the scene and strolls forward to pour himself a cup of coffee--and it had better be an actual coffee cup because he’ll strangle him if he pulls that drinking straight from the coffee pot shit again--and suddenly Steve leans over from his vantage atop the fridge so that he’s looking Clint dead in the face, square pupils wide in those pure blue eyes.
a fair point. So...we’re on your turf now. What’s the plan, Cap?”
He’s changing.
Or so he thought.
Steve Rogers. Captain America. You’ve got everything going for you. You don’t need me dragging you down.”
Well, that came out wrong.
“Are you saying that
Tony said nothing, merely lined himself up with the crack of Steve’s ass and let himself hang there, hot and heavy, rubbing against Steve’s pucker but not even attempting to shift himself inside. Long seconds passed as Steve got more and more keyed up, until he was finally rubbing against the hood of the Saleen. The combination of his spend and the waxed metal created the perfect surface for him to move against, and Steve squeezed his eyes shut and continued to writhe and squirm against the Saleen in counterpoint to Tony’s teasing.
“I got to admit, it was pretty damn inspiring to watch.”
Tony shrugged. “I mean, I’m the one that’s got this weird connection--”
Steve had heard Col. Phillips once say Peggy didn’t know whether to shit or go blind when she saw the damage Howard had done to their war table after a Hydra weapon he was examining accidentally discharged; he didn’t know what it meant, but the subsequent yelling and tension in the air made it easy enough to get the gist of it.
I couldn’t feel or hear Steve at all in there!” Tony bangs his coffee mug down on the table, ire immediately rising as his
He’d been so certain that they’d cleaned up after Stane’s weapon smuggling. Stane had only cared about guns, bombs, and money and had dismissed the small biochemical division of Stark Industries after his parents’ death. They’d had some moderate success developing medical equipment and field supplies like combat dressings and implantable devices, but it had never generated a large profit for Stark Industries.
"I was an art student growing up in Brooklyn Heights who cruised the St.George Hotel and lived a short piece away from the Brooklyn Navy Yard. Arnie wasn’t even my
He always had been.
Steve’s voice was thick with frustration and straining with eagerness, “If you don’t get that in me
Tony reaches out across the bond for Steve, but it’s still disturbingly empty. He sends a burst of affection down the proverbial line anyway and continues to follow Wanda.
What a mess.
Christ, he really
Wanda frowns and sighs irritably. “This may be
what to say. His mother is dead, and has been for some time. If she were to return as a ghost, it would have happened decades ago, with near immediacy. Maria had made peace with her death, had been at rest.
He really was very good looking. Steve held onto his best poker face and did another, longer once over, as if he were checking for visual cues of intoxication. Stark’s black suit jacket that was tailored too snug to his frame to be anything other than a tease or invitation, the black vest and black shirt underneath that should have been overwhelming but somehow worked, and the gleaming diamond pin that accented the black tie was a perfect accent to the whole ensemble.
Well.
The ice...he remembered an incredible chill, and a stinging, biting freeze that left him horrifically numb, and then everything had just...stopped. He lost all sensation, he lost all ability to think as he drifted deeper and deeper into unconsciousness, and he lost his place in time.
Tony lets out a startled squawk as he reflexively moves to steady Steve, stumbling for a moment, but he gets his balance back, and Steve grins delightedly.
Steve’s eyes melt black as Tony stares into them,
As always, though, Tony spends more time worrying about others than his own damn self.
Steve digs a fingernail—
shouldn’t even be contemplating it at all. Time to get back on track, Rogers.
There’s a lot of gossip about Tony, about how indulgent he can be, how insanely talented he is in bed. One of his flings had claimed on live national television that Tony was a genius with both brains, and Cosmopolitan magazine had dedicated a special two-page spread to his sexcapades in their “Best Sex Ever Had” article. A skeptic might think it was all exaggeration, but, no.
Tony glances over at Clint, who’s gleefully snapping pictures and probably texting them to every damn body they know. He’s not alone. Carol is mostly bemused by the whole thing, as is Thor, fresh from his search for Amora, though he also seems sincerely apologetic that Amora’s ongoing obsession has left Steve as the latest casualty. They’re all clustered around the common room watching Steve, though nothing particularly exciting has happened since the initial transformation.
But that had been almost twelve years ago, and a
probably somewhere off in the general direction of the jacket,
“...maybe add in 5 boxes of Caramel deLites.”
Before Tony can open his mouth, however, a horrific noise shatters the peaceful lull. It sounds like someone being murdered. It sounds like the mating call of a demon in heat. Clint, understandably, leaps back from the goat screaming in his face with a panicked yell of his own. It goes on for nearly a minute and a half, Clint shrieking like a child while a crazed beefy goat yells in his face.
He’s trapped between this counterpoint of love and pleasure, and it’s all he can do to stay afloat and not drown in it, his head falling forward as he yields to Tony’s rhythm, his breath coming in punched out gasps and soft wails as he is urged closer and closer to the edge of a raging inferno, sent over and down and overwhelming fall into ecstatic bliss that he never wants to end.
“Shit, you’re so tight, Steve, it feels like you might squeeze my dick off. Just,
climaxing, but no, he was just the sort that produced inordinate amounts of precome, the unusual but not unpleasant taste of him thick in his throat and Tony was certain he would never taste an apple again without getting harder than a rock.
He’s so very hungry and so very tired, and he’s trapped, worse than he ever was in Afghanistan. Afghanistan was desert heat and freezing nights in a cave, but there was Yinsen to keep him company, keep him sane, keep him focused, and the monsters were known and omnipresent. There was laughter and jeering and the thrum of life, always some sort of noise and the crackle of the fire and the hiss of the forge.
Steve doesn’t remember much of his time as a goat. He remembers a few impulses here and there, but the bulk of his memory is the impression of being held safe and cherished and surrounded by a glow of affection and abiding love and all the best parts of Tony he hid from the world. Being a goat had been hectic and confusing and
Tony finally heaved out a gusty sigh and glanced back at Steve from over his shoulder.
Tony gibbers internally. More?! He can’t take more of this. He doesn’t like having his emotions so blatantly displayed, and the goat thing is still Very Much A Problem.
“Good morning, Pat, thanks for returning my call. How’s the day treating you?”
Tony’s eyes flickered over Steve’s posed form, taking in the various bits and pieces, namely the lack thereof. Steve had on a pair of broken-in jeans that fit him snugly in all the right places and had a ragged hole worn into one knee, to say nothing of the various rips and tears. Steve hadn’t bothered to button or zip up the jeans, leaving them hanging open low around his hips to reveal a tantalizing bulge and a thatch of coarse pale blonde hair. Steve wore absolutely nothing else except his dog tags, which were resting on the hard planes of his chest, and a towel, which was slung over his shoulder.
Thor’s voice is gentle but firm as he edges his way in front of her. “Peace, Man of Iron. No harm is meant toward you or your bonded.”
mean you get to eat at the big kids table with all the other regional Presidents.”
Tony looks like he wants to take off running after them.
“You didn’t call me, Steve. That’s so fucked up, you know?
“Eat up, Shellhead.”
clothes flung all over the room, though. The pants are in the middle of the floor where they’d fallen off his waist when Tony pulled him up, his shirt is...somewhere. Steve doesn’t even really recall losing them, but he certainly doesn’t miss them.
He should’ve paid better attention. He should have been more in control.
Tony wakes up screaming.
Tony slouched down lower into the black leather bucket seat and grinned as he felt the car approach the threshold for the next gear. Jesus, it was
Steve’s dick hardened again, stirring to life underneath Tony’s weight, and a pregnant silence fell between them, Tony looking like every major holiday had come at once bearing copious amount of presents. Steve wasn’t sure what he felt--there was a bit of appalled horror because
Tony shuddered theatrically. “God, you’re right. So. This date thing. How serious are we doing this? There’s supposed to be a decent restaurant around here that’s got some great reviews on Yelp--fancy a bite to eat?”
Steve beckoned him over with a crook of his finger.
[[As much as I adore the fact that you just won me 20 bucks, I have to say that parachutes exist for a reason, Cap. No one wants to clean splattered super-soldier off the ground.]]
--STE
should, honey.”
It was too much and just enough and Steve shouted, bucking his hips and and writhing in Tony’s grasp as he spurted out across the hood of the Saleen, voice breaking into needy, pained whimpers as Tony continued to thrust into him, leaving him absolutely no way to escape the onslaught as Tony wrung him dry. A particularly strong jolt of pleasure flared up and over his nerves, not quite an orgasm, but just as intense.
blame himself for not noticing sooner, and Steve was positive that he was thinking he had been cut out as some sort of punishment. Tony had taken the exclusion as an implicit lack of trust, and thought he deserved it.
“You sexy beast. That was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen in my life, holy crap, Steve.” Tony tucked his head into the crook of his neck. “You need to go off on that kind of a tangent
“Go slow, Tony. Slow, and deep.”
Steve exhaled slowly, “I couldn’t bring you into this, Tony. You were at risk too, one of the Insight targets, and…”
“But for now, you belong to me.” Steve’s voice was dark promise and sin, shot through with possessiveness and that frustrated rumble that meant Tony was in for it.
It also didn’t help that Ty was a gigantic asshole, sometimes.
“I love you.” The words leave Tony’s mouth on a gasp as he thrusts up into him, and Steve mentally seizes at the burst of emotion from his lover (Tony’s his now, he gets to have this and he’s never letting go) and envisions himself pushing his own steady love and awe along that same path.
DAMMIT.
helping you out, or do you want me to--ahh!--
They kissed a while longer as they got themselves back into some semblance of order, and once finished collecting themselves, Tony gave Steve one last kiss and stepped away. “You think you can handle that bike so soon, or should I give you a lift somewhere?”
It’s the silver and iron he’s after. Those are the metals to put a permanent end to a problem, and the four electric foundries on the left side of his anvil are put to work, melting down two bars of each.
Regardless, Steve fought himself, discovered Bucky was still alive and—after more delving—discovered Shield was infested with Hydra agents.
Tony snaps awake with a stomach roiling in rage and guilt and shame and heaves last night’s dinner onto the floor.
Last, the universe hates him.
Apprehension ran up his spine as he took in the thick brown collar and accompanying length of chain. Three rows of thin raised studs lined the inside of the supple leather, not pointy enough to cause injury, but enough for discomfort. Not that it mattered, in the end. The real issue was the collar itself.
Today was no different.
Tony’s breath hitches as the sharp point of Steve’s canines trace over the contours of his stomach, up and up until he’s hovering over his right pectoral, watching the way his nipple reacts to the proximity.
want to be quiet--wasn’t sure he actually
Tony startles out of his thoughts as his mother stares deep into his eyes.
“Too shy or too scared?”
His captors shake him about, making it clear to the police that they have no qualms about hurting him if they don’t back off. Not for the first time, Tony imagines a life where he said to hell with a secret identity, called up a press conference, and announced to the world at large that he was Iron Man and they could all kiss his (rear). It would’ve been so much simpler and less stressful.
He’s alone.
There were no words for the relief and fondness welling up inside of him, so Tony just stroked Steve a bit more between the horns. Okay. Steve was back. He can handle this. He just has to keep him focused. Maybe someone has come up with a useful update by now. He’s honestly very tempted to let Wanda take a crack at it after all. He absolutely does not want to deal with Steve fuzzing out on him again. It’s a very disconcerting feeling, and what if he doesn’t come back to awareness one of those times?
“It’s
And on those rare occasions that he switched it up and let Steve inside him? He
him, and it’s the best thing he’s heard in his life, and the moment is embedded deep in his mind. He will always have that much, and more, God he wants so much more.
Shit.
“I regret nothing.”
Steve considered. Tony Stark. This could be a one-off encounter, and they’d be done with each other. Just… an exciting interlude in the yawning sterility that was his life. Stark was certainly willing enough, and the architect of this encounter. No coercion at all.
Tony tamps down on the panic that rises and plasters on his best smile. “Of course! Steve here is one of my dearest friends, and I thought he was about to get splattered by Wrecker!”
“Tony I--”
Tony’s throat bobbed nervously as he fumbled for any clue about what had gone wrong, hoping maybe he could fix it before Steve decided to enact whatever plan he had cooked up. Steve’s punishments were never physical--physical pain was never going to be a deterrent for him, and Steve knew it--but instead tended towards mental tactics. There had been the time he had dumped a shit-ton of rice into a large bowl and made Tony count it grain by grain because he had a distinct lack of patience out on the field; another time, they’d had a spectacular blow-up due to Tony hiding injuries, and Steve had assigned him a ten thousand-word essay on “Trust And What It Means To Me,” due by the time Tony had been deemed fit for at least light duty. Steve had a keen eye for punching a hole in Tony’s pride, while at the same time choosing a punishment that ended up bettering Tony at the same time.
Tony’s stronger than him right now, but oh so attentive, and when Steve shifts his weight Tony moves with him, letting himself be rolled over in that massive bed so that Steve’s on top.
He would chase it sometimes, goading Tony on, or forcing himself to push past it until he was a near sobbing ball of frustration, rubbed raw and on edge and too wrapped up in his own head to do anything productive about it. Tony, bless him, always seemed to take it personally, comforting Steve and calming him down and never quite daring to ask if it was him, if he was doing something wrong, but not entirely able to hide the self-blame that lurked deep within his eyes. Steve wasn’t stupid--he could see the way Tony seemed to retreat into himself once the inevitable occurred, no doubt mentally replaying everything to find the flaw, the moment everything went wrong, and devising a game plan for next time.
