"John?" Sherlock managed to whisper.
“We are Mycroft. We’re going to go change like proper adults before we catch a cold.” John said laughing.
John was still amazed how easily Sherlock could read people. “Yes. And I’ll be right back. Lay back down and we can open the box when I get back. Deal?”
John looked down at his watch. "Ah! Good Heavens, you're going to be late for your fitting. Thanks for stopping by beforehand."
Sherlock leant back against John’s chest relaxing, feeling the heat from his body even through the many layers of their clothes and the blanket John had wrapped around them. They sat like that until the sun started to rise, streaks of orange and pink racing across the sky. John couldn’t help birthing how perfect this moment was, despite the circumstances that called for them to bed there.
“He can leave them in front of the door in the hall all I care.”
“Bless you.” Sherlock said holding out his hand for the bottle.
“Tell him what?”
Sherlock called John a third time. But just as John was turning around to look at him someone appeared and then immediately disappeared with John.
Ten minutes into their search of the new list John hollered, “Found them!” Molly stopped laughing at something Lestrade had been saying and everyone looked over to John. “And he was also in the military. We need to check the name of the bloke that Molly found and see if he was in the military as well.”
“No worries I have to work in the morning anyways. You should really get that looked at.”
“Suddenly everything looked clear and for the briefest of moments it didn’t look like Samantha standing there, whatever it was it had the lower body of a snake, and the top half was still a woman, but her eyes glowed red and there were spots all over the top half of her face. The female half of her body was scaled like a snake, and her skin was black with a gold underbelly. And then her image shattered as if I had been looking in a mirror. Next thing I know I was on the ground looking up at them.” John looked up first to Hyde on the screen and then over to Otaktay. He was still avoiding eye contact so John looked to Sherlock.
Sherlock knew John was struggling. He knew in the depths of his soul this was a mistake and John just wasn't- no, didn't want to share him. But if he knew his brave, brilliant love, he would try to do it for the sake of everyone else.
Sherlock seemed to think about that, after a moment he stood up and approached John at the desk. “Show me.”
Sherlock was unsure of how much time had passed but when John returned he had Rosie on his back and was carrying more supplies in both hands.
John scooped Sherlock up in his arms and made for the house, moving as quickly as he could through the woods and in the dark. The cold was starting to make itself known to John. It was quickly nipping away at his adrenaline-fueled warmth. John was worried. How long had Sherlock been out here, wondering around in the dark, freezing? He could have hypothermia, frostbite or have just caught the death of him.
“Aren’t you? You would willingly ingest blood. But that's not what makes you a vampire is it John?”
“Why not?”
“Yup. Up until Liam anyways.”
John chuckled, he could hear the desperation in Sherlock's voice and feel it in the hands that grabbed at him. “Patience Sherlock.”
Sherlock swung his head around to meet John's eyes. “Really?”
“She agreed to allow me to choose someone, anyone as long as they were agreeable to the terms.”
feel the same way? It wasn’t until his wedding, his own bloody fucking wedding that he saw proof that Sherlock loved him. But it was too late then, wasn’t it?
“Then sleep, Sherlock.”
“Honey, don’t scowl so, you'll get wrinkles early on.” Sherlock’s mum admonished.
John and Sherlock was roused out of their musing by the guest all shouting while the men sealed their vows the traditional way with a kiss.
"Then someone else who already finds Sherlock attractive will be hit with it. You have exceptional control, not everyone does. And not everyone wants to control it.”
“Yes! If it wasn’t for all your wrong idea’s helping me to rule out the clearly absurd I would waste precious time dismissing them myself.”
"I felt like I needed to give you two a moment of privacy, you, uh kissed, that's new."
was worried.”
Things were going well and then he felt a hesitant kiss on the pulse in his neck. John didn’t move, didn’t breath, he didn’t want to do anything to spook Sherlock or to dissuade him from his exploration.
The end of the song had John’s eyes snapping open staring at Sherlock. He stopped allowing himself to be lead around the room, just stared up at Sherlock. The song made a complete change, it crescendoed, tempo turning hurried, almost violent. There was an air of desperation and abandon to the song. And when the song ended suddenly it shook John to his core. He understood this song as if he had written it himself.
“Because I wanted to. Because-
“Yes. His name is Richard Brook. We met on a case, and the obvious is unimportant. We had an agreement, he was never to come to the flat, only one Thursday out of the month unless I called on him otherwise.”
safe. But now they knew why, because Mycroft wasn't with Liam anymore. Liam was virtually alone.
John placed his hand on Samantha's back and guided her to the house not the council's quarters. Once inside the men looked from John to Samantha and back. “I have extended an invitation to Samantha to stay here until we can get her back to the states safely. She will be staying in the extra room in the basement.”
“Yes, this is a dream of sorts. You are dream walking.”
Sherlock startled, squeezing John in fright.”
“I guess they got that wrong John. Here let me help you.”
"Shh, it's okay Sherlock. We'll figure it all out in the morning. Right now we need our sleep. Let me get in the middle of you two." John climbed over Sherlock so he was resting in between the two spooked men. He felt like they could both use a little reassuring but there was only one of him. John lifted both of his arms in invitation.
“No worries, I rather like your birthday suit.” John sat on the edge of the bed and pulled one of Sherlock's feet into his lap, using a healthy dose of lotion he began rubbing it on Sherlock’s feet, working the excess lotion up in onto his calf, massaging lightly as he went. Sherlock was making a soft humming sound in the back of his throat as John started in on the second foot, it sounded suspiciously like purring.
Sherlock was leaning back against John's chest. He rarely took baths, but he had to admit, it was infinitely better bathing with John. “You must be pretty proud of yourself, hmm?”
John scooted closer to Sherlock and wrapped his arm around both men, pulling Sherlock’s hand with his. When Otaktay had turned Sherlock’s hand had shot into the air. Now John spurred him into action with his gentle guiding.
John was just closing up the surveillance program on his laptop when he heard Sherlock approaching from behind.
“Mike!?” John shouted, shocked to see his friend here as well. “What are you doing here?”
Sherlock turned in John’s arms placing a quick kiss on John’s upturned lips. “Yes, I would say. Let’s get you out of these clothes.”
strictly human person here, maybe I’m just less sensitive than the lot of them.”
The next day came sooner than both men wanted. They had lain in bed holding one another, lightly touching, stolen kisses and caresses until they both had fallen asleep.
John looked at the picture. Wow, his feelings were all over his face. He looked a fool, so in love with Sherlock. And if the quick look Sherlock just shot him was anything to go by he saw it too. Sherlock shuffled to the next picture, it was indeed disturbing. There was a person, perhaps a small man. He was pictured laying on what looked to be a concrete floor, perhaps a warehouse.
Sherlock came back up reclining on his forearms watching John with a slight unease. He remained silent allowing John to speak when he was ready.
Sherlock hopped up from the bed and looked down at the two men seated there. This was crazy. Preposterous. John didn't want Otaktay in their bed. He knew this like he knew he would never give up John. "No."
John looked around Sherlock and smiled.
John smiled, understanding dawning. “I’ll go get what we need.” As John turned to leave Sherlock grabbed his arm stopping him. “You truly trust her?”
"Of course I was."
“Sherlock, I’ve been gone for over twelve hours! And this- well this
"Are you sure Samantha? Absolutely sure?"
“Not intentionally, no.”
“AAAARRRGGGGHHH!!! SHERRRRLOCK!” came the bellow from the giant up above them.
John was right on Sherlock’s heels when they burst into the flat they could tell immediately it was not good. “So no bomb then?” John asked as Lestrade paced back and forth while he ran a hand through his hair.
“On the surface yes. I think the photo of the man made to look like you may be a threat if you really didn’t set this up.”
“I really want to get out even if for just an hour but I feel guilty about it now. I have Otaktay and Mansi in comas. Shouldn’t I be here trying to do something about Mansi?”
Sherlock was leaned up against the desk staring down at John. “So what does it say? Does it say why almost four months later he decides to send an email to tell you why he tucked tail and ran in the first place? How did he
“Listen boo, if anything John coddles us, makes excuses for us. Besides, he is new to our world and no instruction book was given to him about being a judge, mistakes are bound to happen but in my opinion he hasn’t made any so I think you seriously need to step off.”
“Oh.” After several minutes of silence, John kissed Sherlock on top of his head and said, “Goodnight Sherlock.”
Back downstairs Sherlock paced the sitting room berating himself. In hindsight, he saw so many things wrong with his and John’s last conversation. John had been worried about him and how did he repay him? By yelling at him. He would send a text apologizing. Sherlock brought the phone up to begin his message when he realised he still had John’s phone. Sherlock felt awful about his behaviour towards John. Today had been nice and a pleasant change of pace. He wished every day could be like today. Sitting John’s phone down on the tea table next to his chair Sherlock walked to his room and closed the door.
Alasdair made a move and then looked up at Sherlock. “Oh here and there, no one place really.”
“If I might be so bold, I am glad she snuck away, it has been a delight to get to know her. Also, why don’t you just get Rosie to help you?”
“What? No. There were times before I met you that I did, but not anymore.”
“This is why I couldn’t marry a woman. The dramatics.” Mycroft said rolling his eyes.
Sherlock's mother walked up then hugging first Mycroft before turning to Sherlock. “So you and John?”
“Just you left Sherlock, how do you feel about Samantha?”
When John opened the door, Sherlock took one look at their guest and dropped down to a knee. Looking behind him John saw that both Mansi and Delma had done the same. John had a bad feeling about this.
He loved the way his name sounded coming from John’s lips, all quiet, almost whispered. He wanted to hear it again. “John, say my name again.”
When Sherlock scrambled to rid himself of the offending material John caught his hands gently and laid them on the bed beside him.
Sherlock scooped John up and ran from the council’s quarters to their house, laying him down in the center of their bed in a matter of seconds. A moment later Liam, Mycroft, Delma and Mansi were standing around the bed. Sherlock sunk down on his knees beside the bed taking John’s hand in his.
“Course it is,” Sherlock answered.
John could see Sherlock was lost in thought and it wasn’t about a case. After plating their omelettes John stepped over to where Sherlock was standing and slipped his arms around his waist, resting his chin against his back. He felt Sherlock stiffen, maybe he was moving to fast for the brilliant detective. “You alright Sherlock?”
John turned to look at Sherlock who was gripping his arm tightly, his eyes were closed tightly against the sight. John gently disengaged from Sherlock’s grip and took his hand. “Come on, let's go home and check on our little girl.”
Sighing and standing up John said, “Nothing, I'm an idiot. Ignore me.”
Sherlock made a beeline for Lestrade, ignoring his brother calling his name as he chased after him.
Mycroft made an excuse and left shortly after, the tension in the room was even thicker than when John had first entered the flat. "Sherlock, you must know I wasn't trying to hurt you or impede our friendship. I figured this was the best solution for us all. I will get a job in the field I miss; I'll be keeping Mycroft out of your hair more, I'll run interference. Mycroft will get to make your mother happy, and you get to have your solitude again, I think you miss it sometimes. You won't have to worry about my portion of the rent because your brother will pay it as part of the stipulations of me marrying him. And to top it all off, we won't have to worry about Mycroft wanting to forbid our friendship if anything he will continue to encourage it."
Within this time Otaktay had gone back to the states to try and get himself together. He reported he was slowly going back to normal, his body going through a type of withdrawal from Moriarty. It was like he had to get used to operating the way he used to. Unbeknownst to his fellow council members the medicine man's mind was taking a little longer to heal; having two conflicting thought processes and fighting against Moriarty had taken its toll on him. Even his magic was weak, it was like he had blown a circuit when helping to drain Moriarty of the dark fae power that night.
“Speaking of, Hyde emailed me.”
“Is that all you two are doing a lot of these days?” Molly mumbled.
Just then Molly walked up, standing happily next to Lestrade.
"That's why I wanted to tell y'all that that bastard was outside ya door. What if he made Otaktay wanna have sex with y'all?"
Sherlock didn’t respond, John knew he wasn’t asleep, he was just processing. He knew that later when his mind caught back up to the present he would mumble out goodnight.
"Well, maybe I'll hold it against you. Maybe I don't want to see you with him."
“Rise Mycroft, and treat me as you do John.”
“Lucky for us there aren’t any other families close by. And as honourable as your intentions are, we must do something about your feet. If we don’t you won’t last an hour.”
“Dada.”
John and Sherlock got up and walked to the sitting room to greet Liam. John pulled his lively friend into a hug. “How is everything?” Sherlock asked clapping Liam on the back.
Sherlock nodded his head slowly, “Yes John. Yes!”
“Just as you and John share a bond so do my husband and I. Somethings trickle over by accident and others he lets me see, gloating. He has grown confident in my idle ways. He is sure I will do nothing to stop him.”
“Okay. Sherlock is a vampire, but a good one, he doesn't kill humans and he treats’em fair like. John, is the vampire judge and I'm to be his apprentice.”
Feeling eyes on him John turned and looked at Sherlock, “What? Why are you staring?”
Sherlock’s hopes plummeted. He’d thought it would be explicitly obvious what he was on about. Apparently, John was being particularly obtuse today. He stepped forward, hands clasped tightly behind his back. “Happy Valentine’s Day John.”
Sherlock saw stars behind his eyes. He hadn’t even realised he’d closed them. Blindly he reached out a hand and gave a small sigh when John entwined their fingers. John was both his anchor and the fevered sea tossing him along. Peeking between his lashes he was rewarded with the sight of John looking up lovingly while he sucked on his cock.
“So sorry for you to have to witness this bit of a squabble. Tell us something about yourself, Samantha.”
Concentrating Sherlock relied on all the lectures and lessons from Otaktay, trying to pull magic from the very air. It was slow coming but he could feel it mounting.
“For once I’m not thinking about my comfort level. I truly hope he will be happy. He deserves it.”
Sherlock let out a strained, “Yes.”
John again reached up his hand wiping away a tear, but allowed his hand to cup the side of Sherlock’s face, fingers tunneling into his dark curls. Holding eye contact, he saw the look of surprise that ran across Sherlock’s face as John pulled him down to meet his lips in a kiss. He kissed the man before him gently, trying to apologize and put his own feelings to action. He had been interested in pursuing something more with Sherlock before, but when he thought it was a lost cause he gave up on that dream and shoved it in a box, in an abandoned corner of both his mind and heart. And the thought of having that chance now made his heart burst with joy. This was real. Sherlock was really offering something real and tangible. He licked against Sherlock's lips seeking entrance, Sherlock opened up on a moan, he clutched at John’s shoulders, and John could feel him shaking. Concerned he pulled away, wiping at more tears in the process. “Sherlock, I’m here. And I want this.”
John laughed. In retaliation he straddled Sherlock’s midsection while he started on the other hand and arm. He could feel the slight vibration of Sherlock’s almost silent hum.
"But why?" John asked obviously bothered by the situation.
John woke up confused. He remembered going to bed the night before. In his bed. Alone. But he was certain that that was a cold nose pressed against his back. And cold hands and feet burrowed beneath him. Rolling over John faced Sherlock. Sherlock was staring at him.
John cursed under his breath and turned and chased after the man. Christ! He still didn’t even know the man’s name.
John decided to play dumb. He slipped his hand into Sherlock's who was still looking downward. “Help me with what exactly?”
“Yes, sex is just a physical release for-”
His name was now a question on Sherlock's tongue, he loved to hear him say his name, but his goal was to hear Sherlock screaming it. John placed a gentle kiss against Sherlock’s ankle, swirling his tongue slowly around the small protruding bone. A gasp from Sherlock urged him on to repeat the same action on the opposite ankle. Experimenting with his lover's body likes and dislikes he bit down lightly, just above the bone and when Sherlock hissed but didn’t pull his leg away, he took that as a good sign. He took his time alternating between legs, kissing and nibbling, the quiet moans and breathy exhales made him giddy with desire.
“Otaktay, you keep putting yourself outside of the group, you’re alienating yourself, and the others probably think they are just giving you your space. You don’t want to be here because you feel like you don’t belong and you have been through Hell and back, and you haven’t been given the proper time to grieve or come to terms with everything. We are more than a council we are family, at least that is how I look at all of us, even Mycroft. And we are only as strong as our weakest link, and right now Otaktay, that is you. When one of us is hurt we all hurt.”
“Are we a couple?”
"And when you're around I'm just supposed to act like Otaktay isn't there. And what, disregard his feelings?"
Rolling her eyes at Lestrade she turned to Samantha who gave her unwavering eye contact. “I wish I was a vampire again.”
Shaking his head clear Sherlock looked at John. “Yeah, I think I need a moment.”
ever made vampire.” Alasdair ran a hand through his long rust colored hair. He sat down hard on the couch, he looked at the scorch mark and smiled briefly before falling back into a sulk. “I don’t know why she turned so blood thirsty whereas I remained the same. After my initial bloodlust subsided I was the same person I had always been, but she- she lived for the hunt, for causing pain.”
Liam gave a dismissive wave and rolled his eyes, “He did have a weird glint in his eyes but he didn’t make a move. Mycroft was just looking for an excuse.”
“The airport is in the other direction,” Liam said to Sherlock. There was no reply. After driving roughly fifteen minutes Sherlock pulled off the road, driving through some shrubbery, they were still in the middle of nowhere when Sherlock slammed on the breaks. Liam hopped out the car preparing to follow John, what he saw surprised and scared him just a little. Sherlock’s eyes were as white as John’s, the two of them still holding hands exited the car on Sherlock’s side. Liam fell back a little as he shadowed the two men. John was moving briskly through the foliage pulling Sherlock behind him. Abruptly they stopped and started digging with their hands, Liam helped not knowing what they were digging for. They didn’t have to dig long before he found out. Delma was laying there looking dead to the world. John held up his wrist and Sherlock bit into it gently guiding his hand over to Delma’s mouth, allowing the blood to drop inside. Liam noticed he was very careful to not actually press John’s wrist to her mouth. All the while their eyes were still white. After a moment Delma’s eyes sprang open. “Die Mutter des Todes!”
“I also noticed no one actually touched the woman,” Hyde added.
Sherlock held on to John with one hand and tangled the other in John’s hair. Sighing he moved with John, meeting each slow, lazy thrust with one of his own. His sighs turned into low moans when John began moving faster, stroking him deep inside. “John...mmm...agghh.”
“I have to try. It would be better to part with the giant on good terms than to try and trick him or run away.”
“You must be mad. Have you seen John?” Sherlock asked sitting up and motioning to John to come to him.
“It was your father who struggled with the alcoholism. And you entered the military to not only get away from but to try to prove yourself to him.”
“Are you sure? You know how much I like surprises.”
Sherlock walked into his room and quietly shut his door. What was Mycroft playing at? There had to be more to this whole thing than his brother was letting on to.
Sherlock was hit with a sudden case of deja vu. As he stood on the landing of the stairs he could see John as he had been that night, dressed gallantly in his dress uniform facing the crowd but apart from it. But then John turned and looked at him, giving a hesitant smile. That hadn’t happened the night of the party.
“Hyde is torn between new and old loyalties. Give him time.” Fíona brushed at the stray hair on Otaktay’s forehead. “Fight for him. He gives up because he feels like he doesn’t belong. Sherlock, you’re honest with him. But you never tell him or show him how you care for and about him. He needs to know that you all see him as family, not just John.”
Sherlock looked around the room as if just noticing there was only one bed. “Ah, I see. And what did the front desk say about this unfortunate incident?” Sherlock watched John’s reaction closely. John licked his lips and scratched at his neck as he looked away. Oh, this wasn’t good. But it wasn’t exactly bad either.
A sudden calmness washed over Sherlock, he turned and went back to his room, leaving John to his thinking and brooding.
Sherlock still made his retreat. He felt he’d made a fool of himself.
“Doesn’t appear to be.”
“That ain't true. We’re all guilty ‘bout sumthin. You live with a house full of vampires. Ya mean to tell me not one of ‘em ain't never did sumthin they shouldn’t have? Drained a donor, mind wiped someone they didn’t like? Killed another vampire ‘cause he was competition?”
Mycroft gave a tight-lipped smile at the apparent confusion on his little brother’s face. “Mummy feels as I am the eldest I should set an example for you. So, she is forcing me to get married.”
Original Vampire? The male half?”
“Calm down John you're good for it, Scotland Yard made a nice sizable deposit into our account this morning. Payment for our last case.”
“What? How in the world could you know his name?”
After several tense minutes the technicians started to file out of the flat, the moment the way was clear Sherlock bounded up the stairs to their flat.
“John.”
“Not necessary, he’ll end up back at 221b eventually. He won’t be able to help it, he and my brother are soul mates.”
“No, not really. Is that a real human heart on the table?”
“Rosamund Wilhelmina Watson,” Rosie said after Sherlock still grinning. “Wilhelmina is the fem-femin-feminine form of William.” The young child stumbled over the unfamiliar word.
“If I’m going to be here more the least I can do is pull my own weight. I can cook and I shall. You do all the heavy lifting anyway,” he motioned towards Sherlock's head, “It's semi-fair.”
“No. Thankfully I’m off for the next two days.”
“Why? If you didn’t want anyone in your business you wouldn’t have taken Sherlock’s hand. You two are causing quite a scene.”
“Was he a good shag?”
This statement was accentuated by the distinct tremor of the beanstalk as the giant took hold of the beanstalk to descend. “WHAT’VE YOU DONE SHERLOCK? THE BEANSTALK IS HOT AND FEELS WEAK!”
John pulled his mouth away from Sherlock’s body. “What? Are you serious?”
Sherlock bowed his head to his master. “I shall be waiting with baited breath and the kettle on.”
take my wallet?”
“Sorry.”
Sherlock was snapping photos of the box with John’s camera phone. He made sure to get the box from every angle and to get close-ups of the interior of the box as well. Sliding the phone into his trouser pocket he retrieved a garbage bag and passed it to Lestrade. “Here you go, collect your evidence and then be on your way. I need to figure this out.”
“Without turning to look at John Sherlock said, “This is John, my- partner. John, this man was just leaving.”
“Jekyll and Hyde maybe?” Liam offered.
“Yes, I’m fine now move out the way.” Sherlock begrudgingly stepped to the side. “Where have you been Samantha? We were worried that you had been taken as well.”
“Well, you two missed lunch and mummy couldn’t focus constantly looking for you. She had got herself all worked up thinking you had gone and found yourself a case. This weekend of all weekends.”
The beanstalk gave an ominous wobble with his first movements. He looked over to Sherlock, he didn’t like what he saw there, Sherlock was red in the face but around his eyes was drawn and hallowed. So instead of asking Sherlock if it was okay to keep cutting he just did. They needed to finish this now.
“Oh no you don't, you know that pouting doesn't work on me. Besides the water is cold.”
food but still rather good.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure what John was getting at, was he regretting their friendship? “What are you saying, John?”
“Yes.”
Mycroft walked into his brother's flat without announcing his presence. They often left the door wide open and today was no different. John and Sherlock were haunched over a book; their shoulders brushed one another and their heads nearly touched. John pointed at something and looked up at Sherlock as he spoke. When Sherlock met his gaze, they stared at one another as if transfixed and unable to look away. Mycroft watched, waiting to see what would happen. John leaned in a little, so close Mycroft was sure his breath was ghosting over Sherlock's slightly parted lips. Just when he thought his brother might lean into John, he cleared his throat. They quickly moved apart. John greeted him at the door with a quick kiss on the lips. Mycroft closed his eyes and imagined it was Greg Lestrade. When he'd opened his eyes again, Sherlock was already walking away, heading to his room. "Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt. As you know, I was in the area and figured I would just stop in and see how things were going. Is Sherlock behaving?"
...I’m still not sure I see your point.”
Sherlock frowned. “Obviously something was off about it, besides the matter of you dreaming about Otaktay in the first place.”
“Please, Sherlock, what else did I do?”
“Me?”
“Sherlock,” John said. “What are you thinking about?” He touched the back of Sherlock’s hand.
It used to be perfect between them. It should have been John bandaging his ribs, talking to him gently and soothingly. Instead, he had woken up in a strange room in a hospital because of John. He briefly considered texting John and telling him he was okay, but then realised that since John had done this to him he probably wouldn’t care.
“Shut up. Just tell me where he is.”
“Mr. Holmes, I said it’s fine.” His smile widened, displaying more of his rotten teeth.
Sherlock pressed a hand to his wrist, taking his pulse. Elevated. By a lot. He was terrified. Terrified that his dream would become real and John would shoot himself. It would be his preferred method, Sherlock knew. He had a gun in his old flat. Kept it in a drawer in the nightstand. Often took it out and just looked at it. It was one of the first things he’d deduced, but the only thing he’d chosen to keep to himself. He wasn’t sure why he’d made that choice, actually, but it had seemed like something he should do at the time and so he did. Maybe it was because Sherlock knew what it was like. Knew what it was like to feel like nothing and everything was happening all at once. Overwhelmed and at the same time empty.
“I didn’t,” John muttered. “She was kind of all over you. I was a bit focused on that.” Sherlock shook his head, astonished. “Besides. She seemed like your type.”
Word count: 3,990
“What the
“Oh, for god’s sakes! Have you seen Wiggins?”
“No, you didn’t.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No,” John said slowly.
Sherlock’s lips were warm against his. John’s hands were clutching Sherlock’s coat. He breathed in the scent of
He shook his head once, quickly, and raked his hands through his hair. “I don’t expect you to understand. You couldn’t. But don’t tell me what to do when you don’t.”
“I thought this was nicer,” Sherlock said. “That way, we can look at the water.”
“Contacted Clara yet?”
He hardened his glare, but she didn’t look away. “You know that he does.” Fury overtook him, rushing through his body, flowing through his veins and mixing with the cocaine. He stood up, gripping the back of his chair for support. “You told me, after all.”
Sherlock stepped inside, shivering slightly. It was cold out, colder than he’d originally thought. He was glad he’d brought his coat.
“I’m good with anything,” John said. “I don’t suppose you have any alcohol?”
“I missed you too,” Sherlock said, a lump forming in his throat. His voice had gone gravelly. “You were right to blame me.”
“You’re better than I am.”
John winced at his forwardness but nodded. “It was my fault you died.”
“You picked this song.”
“What is going on, exactly?” Mycroft raised his eyebrows, taking a chair by the window.
Sherlock gestured wildly to the mantelpiece. “The note, Molly. The one you gave me.” She nodded. He paced back and forth. “Stop lying to me. He hates me.”
Dawn had just broken when Sherlock heard a knock on his door. He pressed his face in the pillow, assuming again that John would just come in.
“Wait. She has a girlfriend. Is she gay?”
“Are you still mad?” John asked, because he really needed to know.
“Okay, fine. But that’s not a bad thing.”
“Glad?” More hope was starting to shine through.
“You already said yes,” John said, smiling.
“I deserved that,” Sherlock said, remembering. He made a joke, not thinking about how John would react. He didn’t think, he just did what he wanted. That night was the night he decided to think about what John wanted. That night was the night he nearly lost John forever.
Inside him, a hard lump formed, turning itself over in his stomach. He’d tried so hard to do something nice for John. Something that he thought John would like. He’d made so many miscalculations. So many. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to fight against the rush of emotion. He was
After they were done eating and cleaning up (“you have to do something to help, Sherlock.” “What for?” “I’m not your maid”) they got Rosie dressed and went to retrieve everything from John’s old flat.
She appeared in the doorway to 221A. “Tell him happy birthday for me.”
“Let me rephrase,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Sherlock needs you.” Sherlock avoided John’s gaze by looking at his cup.
The light glinted off John’s wine glass, illuminating a very ring-less finger. When did
John’s shoulders were stiff and he seemed to fold in on himself. A wary look came into his eyes, one that warned Sherlock not to say anything.
This is it, the end.
“John,” Mrs. Hudson chided. “Sherlock did a lovely job.”
“Mr. Holmes.” The eerie smile was back, and rancid breath ghosted across Sherlock’s face. He shuddered, sighed, took a breath.
“Okay.”
“My type?”
“Really? Because last time I saw you, there was some-”
“Please what?”
“Christ, Sherlock.” John laughed coldly. Sherlock blinked at him and paused in untangling his string. “And I thought maybe you were normal.”
“John?”
When he woke up, he was lying in a bed. Lights blinked and flickered around him. A monitor was attached to his finger. His mouth was dry. The bruise on his back hurt. Everything hurt. Breathing the most. He wasn’t attached to an IV. He lay there until the doctor showed up.
“I’ve been busy,” Sherlock said, and did not elaborate.
“I shouldn’t have goaded Norbury,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock clenched his fists into the arms of his chair. “He’s my friend. Was my friend.” The correction hurt.
When Sherlock let go of his hand, he didn’t turn around nor look back. John watched him walk away and board the plane.
When John knocked on the door, Sherlock stiffened. Mrs. Hudson noticed his hesitation and opened the door for him. “Oh, John,” she said. “Rosie is beautiful.”
“Why would I mind?” Sherlock tilted his head. “You’re free to do as you please.”
Sherlock didn’t know what to do. John had apologised and was clearly regretful, but that didn’t change the fact that he’d thrown Sherlock to the ground and broken his ribs. Sherlock clenched the wall, frustrated. He simply didn’t know what to do. And he absolutely hated not knowing what to do. It was one of his least favourite things, not knowing.
He didn’t realise how much it hurt on the receiving side. John was happy, afterwards. Happy with Mary. Happy with Rosie. He was able to forgive her for lying, forgive her for shooting Sherlock. And Sherlock did too. He had to. He had to forgive her, for John.
Gerry Edwards was murdered and his partner badly injured in an attack in their own home. Homophobia was partially the motivating factor. Gerry Edwards was stabbed and died in his flat. The man who murdered him was homophobic. He died 3 March 2009.
When the first note struck, Sherlock took a step forward, John backward. Second note, Sherlock narrowed his eyes. Third note and he was certain.
Drizzle fell on his face as soon as he stepped outside. He tilted his head back and let the rain fall. It was cooling, refreshing, compared to the cold, dry interior of the aquarium. He took a deep breath, then another. His breath was shaky. He finally let himself cry, hot tears mingling with the cool water.
“That went terribly,” Wiggins remarked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mrs. Hudson disappeared out of the bathroom as Sherlock wiped his mouth, still leaning over the toilet. His stomach wouldn’t stop churning, and what little food he was able to eat usually just came right back up again. His curls fell into his eyes, damp with sweat. His hands were gross from the toilet, so he didn’t try to wipe them away. The stench from the vomit filled his nostrils and he had to breathe through his mouth. He didn’t think he’d
He was a bloody idiot. John was there, he was actually with Sherlock. They were hugging, and Sherlock relished every second of it. Then he had to go and mess it up, like usual. He said the wrong thing, which prompted John to say that Sherlock was his best friend. As if Sherlock didn’t know this already. John had told him time and time again that he wasn’t gay. Sherlock knew this. And he had had John right there, right in his arms. Of course he had to mess it up. Now that the secret was out, Sherlock was worried that they would never talk again. Which was a likely outcome. Why would he want to talk to him after he knew Sherlock’s feelings?
“Not at all.” John laid down until he could rest Sherlock’s head on his chest. It rose and fell with his breaths.
Sherlock frowned at him. “Obviously, yes. But don’t move.” John kissed him again. They sat in companionable silence until John had to finish brushing his teeth.
Having decided that the violin was tuned to perfection, Sherlock drew the bow over the A string. The note came out sounding crisp and clear. He thought he’d need a moment of recollection after weeks of not playing, but his muscle memory took over. He played
“No, I don’t.”
Sherlock stepped into the small alley, Wiggins behind him. The ground was spattered with blood, in places, and the body had not yet been touched. Sherlock knelt to the ground and pulled out his magnifying glass. He swiped at the blood with his finger. It was dry, of course it was, but he held it up and examined it. He didn’t see anything out of the ordinary.
“I’m not your housekeeper, dear!” she shouted back.
Sherlock pushed himself off of the wall. He gently took John’s hands. “You kissed me.”
“It’s fine. I’d really rather not talk about this-” Sherlock moved to stand up, but John caught his wrist. Sherlock glanced at him, his face betraying him and showing surprise. He quickly rearranged his face back into a mask, but John knew he hadn’t expected him to do that.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was at a loss for words. He had no idea John went through all of that. If he’d really tried, he could’ve figured it out, but something always stopped him. It was John’s personal business. Not his. He suspected his restraint might have something to do with the fact that he was deeply in love with him. “I’m sorry,” he said softly, and reached out his hand to touch John’s. He didn’t care what it looked like. John’s entire body was trembling. Sherlock left his fingertips on top of John’s.
“That doesn’t make him a killer. What’s the longer version?”
Sherlock was standing outside of the women’s sleeping quarters. He could feel John’s grief and he could already tell he had made up his mind to try and heal Mansi. She was the baby of the team, she had been turned at the ripe age of 16 and she looked it. Sometimes it was hard to remember that she was several hundred years old.
“What is it?”
“Oh, well I didn’t think you’d be open to that sort of thing. Not necessarily because it’s a bloke I guess, but because you just don’t seem to be interested in a-” Lestrade stopped speaking as he looked at Sherlock and John. Bloody hell, it had been under his nose the whole bloody time. Sherlock was smitten with John. Now, rather John felt the same was to be seen. But John did follow Sherlock around like a lost puppy, he put up with Sherlock’s bad behaviour and did all his fetching. Maybe it was requited after all.
“You said you can sense all of your offspring, is she still here?” John asked pulling himself together.
“Oh my goodness. I apologize. But unfortunately, we are booked up for the weekend. There is a wedding-”
“For the time being we assume she is an enemy. We didn’t find her with our people hurt. And I don’t think The Dark Mother would have need to kidnap her, so we assume she is working
to death! Also, we have to bring Otaktay back!” John stormed off to the garage grabbing the keys for the convertible.
“What do you think he is hiding?”
“Okay, you also stated earlier that there weren’t many first generation vampires left, how many is not that many?” This question from John again.
John smirked and leaned away. “Nope. We must be discreet, for now.” John whispered. “Come on, we might as well go back to the room. I’m sure the Inn’s people would like to clean up and set up for the reception tomorrow.”
“Uh, sweetheart, did you forget who thought you two how to mind meld? I get
Mycroft and Liam backed away reluctantly. Sherlock lingered, “John you and I are head of the council, I should be here.”
Sherlock froze. What was he doing? He was mortified. He couldn't even lie and say he thought it was John because in his dream he was having sex with Otaktay. Did he want him? Was that the reason he always gave Otaktaya a hard time and not because he thought the handsome skinwalker would steal John away?
“Shh, concentrate. Where is this place?” Sherlock was quiet while John tried to dissect the picture when suddenly a thought occurred to him. One that he hadn’t allowed himself to think about in a very long time. “John,”
“Yesss, but I have been struck by the similarities between Otaktay and yourself.”
“Course you are when you put your mind to the task. Once this beanstalk sprouted my abilities were very useful. But prior to that, my task was two-fold. The giant wanted me to try and grow a beanstalk. And- I was the only person able to coax Molly to sing which in turn coaxed Greg to lay eggs.”
Turning to Otaktay John said, "Thank you for sticking around and talking this out. And for being honest. Why don't you go ahead and explain what you were getting at a moment ago."
Otaktay pulled John into a tight embrace. “John, thank you, brother. You healed me and now I can peacefully reside here.”
“Course. Rosie loves her lessons.”
“I thought you were asleep?”
Sherlock wasted no time pulling out his phone and dialing Lestrade. “Get over to Twist and Shout right away. I have our guy. What?! Of course, I’m sure. Just get over here.” Sherlock hung up his phone and shoved it in his coat pocket roughly.
John watched Rosie walk back to her drawing with a smile on her face. He looked at Sherlock and his own tears threatened. This man was amazing. He treated his daughter as if she was his own. And John noticed he treated him as if he hung the moon. John wanted to chalk it up to the fact Sherlock hadn’t known anyone else, but he wouldn’t cheapen this. The feelings were mutual, deny it if they must but John could not would not ignore the small spurt of panic he had when Rosie suggested they might never see Sherlock again. He cared for this man, and the thought of being a proper family, the three of them filled him with a lightness of spirit and joy. But was it even possible?
“Nice ta meetcha Hyde.”
"John, let him have his moment."
John watched as Sherlock herded the man to the door.
“Yeah well, she is more likely to welcome me with open arms than you.” Sherlock joked.
Sherlock instantly went on high alert. He didn't think they had reached this level in their relationship. Not to say he wasn’t curious but he most definitely was not ready.
John laughed, “No, I’m not going anywhere near your realm. Oh, and both Mansi and Delma don’t like Samantha, they say she feels unclean.”
Stepping closer, John placed a hand on Sherlock's back and rubbed. "There isn't a lot of flowers Sherlock. It's okay if you're emotional. It's supposed to be a happy occasion."
“If it’s honesty you want, I will not assuage your fears. I get nothing from her, she is a black hole to me.”
Sherlock looked down impatiently at his watch. Their father was to walk both John and Mycroft down the aisle, but instead, John had come and stood out by the alter stating that Mycroft had told him the plans had changed.
“I’ve only done this with Sherlock and Otaktay, I am familiar with their bodies.” Realising how that sounded John blushed.
Sherlock looked up sharply, “Really? I’ll help on the farm and teach Rosie and pull my weight, I promise!”
John smiled back and then untangled himself to get the door. Of course it was Mycroft.
Sherlock moved away so he could situate Otaktay on one side of the bed instead of in the middle.
When Sherlock finally finished the violin Rosie had eaten a sandwich that John had brought along with them and she was sleeping soundly in his lap. John marvelled at the ice violin. It looked like it had been carved from glass or even diamond. “That is beautiful Sherlock. You are truly gifted.”
John kissed Sherlock again, thrusting his tongue into the other's mouth, coaxing his tongue to come out and play. And when it did John sucked it, sucked as surely as if he was sucking on Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock moaned loudly and John eased one hand down the back of his trousers, rubbing his fingertip over his puckered entrance, pressing lightly. He thrust hard against Sherlock as he worked him opened. Both men moaning loudly.
“I’ll call Lestrade and have him meet us,” John said as they made their way out the flat and down to the street.
“Come’on now John. I can see none of y’all like me. Some of ya are right down hostile. Who in their right mind would want to stay here?”
“Um, excuse me, Alasdair, do you mind telling me what your business is here?”
“No, but you do. And if something happens to him I know you’ll be upset and I don’t like that.” Sherlock let his fingers trail up and down John’s arms. “You know it is one of the things I love most about you. You care so much. About everyone. And you never make me question the love you have for me.” Sherlock placed a kiss to John’s forehead. “As much as I love your ability to make me feel loved and wanted, what’s  going on with you? The stunt you pulled yesterday?” When John didn’t speak up Sherlock gave him another kiss. “I’m not angry and the sex was amazing as usual. But you...you went from zero to a hundred in like 2 seconds. And then you had to
John was terrified. “Rosie, quick, your blankets and hide in the bushes.” Turning to address Sherlock John saw not only the strain the situation was putting on Sherlock but also the determination, so instead of telling Sherlock to go hide as well, he put as much force and speed behind him as he sawed at the beanstalk. The beanstalk felt gooey to the touch and it covered the saw with a fine sheen of juice like slime.
“Well, there isn’t much to tell. For starters y’all can call me Sam or Sammie. I was born and raised in the midwest, that’s back in the states. Um, I’m pretty much a loner. My ma died almost 7 years ago and I never knew any of my other family. Like I said there’s not much to tell.”
“Sooo, it’s like being held?”
“So where were you Sam when you said I called you?”
John in the meantime retrieved the newspaper from the kitchen table. Sitting back down in his chair he proceeded to comb through the paper looking for any mention of missing persons, deaths or John Does. And now that he was thinking about it, perhaps they could ask Lestrade about any new weird or unsolved murders or kidnappings.
“That is true, and I know him better than you do. He is lying. Oh, he may throw some half-truths in there, or even appear to confide in you but believe me when I tell you that he means you no good.”
“Moriarty.”
“Sherlock, can you hear me? I love you too.” John pulled him into a tight embrace.
Sherlock looked at the phone to make sure they hadn’t been disconnected, they hadn’t. “Lestrade! Did you hear what I said?”
“Likewise. You too Liam. I have heard many wondrous things about you.”
Sherlock shook his head and turned to look at John, “Huh?”
“Why do you oppose Greg?” John inquired.
“Not really, sometimes I get things wrong. Your father.”
“I’ll carry her. It’ll be faster.”
Sherlock was concerned for Otaktay. He’d never cried in front of them before, not even when he was physically hurt. He rubbed a hand up and down Otaktay’s back murmuring lowly. “It’s okay, let it all out. We’re here for you. We got you.”
“Sleeping pills. Say it John. I like it when you say it.”
John was taken aback by her question. He hadn’t allowed himself to dwell on the implications of Sherlock’s words of comfort to Rosie. Or how they made him feel. He could admit that all of the emotional exchanges left him with a “what if” feeling.
“For me? How many are there?”
“Hello, Sherlock.”
“No, you misunderstand. I don’t mind; I like it.”
“Because she supposedly knows nothing about the supernatural world, is unfamiliar with magic, all the different entities in this world yet she wasn’t scared of Hyde, she wasn’t curious or awed? She reacted as if she had seen his brand of species before.”
"Breath John."
“I’ll lead. You’ll do fine.”
John’s mouth hung open. Everything that Sherlock had just named was good reasons to think he was behind it, but he really wasn’t. “You think I’m your one true match?” Sherlock had been watching him but at his question, he ducked his head and shovelled a forkful of egg into his mouth. John crossed his hands in front of his face, he found Sherlock’s evasion of his question humorous. “Sherlock?”
Lestrade had hollered something else but John didn’t hear, he had to jog to catch up to Sherlock, he knew Sherlock would leave without him.
John chuckled and placed a lingering kiss on the base of Sherlock’s neck. And without warning, the playful kiss turned hot. He suddenly had a raging hard-on and the thought of taking Sherlock while Otaktay lay next to them only seemed to turn him on more. He bit down on Sherlock’s neck and felt the hiss that Sherlock repressed as Otaktay fidgeted, trying to get comfortable.
“Obviously not the Moriarty situation.”
Sherlock hopped up dragging his long fingers through the cool water and splashed John back.
“Nope. This one I wrote during The Blind Banker case.”
Abruptly John stepped away from Sherlock.
“So not Lestrade, you didn’t even know his divorce was final. So who is it?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Hardly. I’m really only good in the summer and spring times. I don’t control the weather actually, I control the moisture in the air. I can call down the rain or stop it entirely but I can not control the temperature. Like now! It has started to snow. Sure I can stop the snow momentarily but it will still be cold. I’m just a cheap trick!” He ranted.
“John pointed out that I kissed him first. And when I asked him what was his point, he went to his room. Can you tell me what I did wrong?”
“All right already. I met someone that night, the night of the party.” John fell silent, remembering the way Sherlock had looked when they first locked eyes. Sherlock had been standing there, hands behind his back looking pleased with himself. He had quite literally stolen John’s breath away.
“Yeah, it was almost like one of those lucid dreams Otaktay kept telling us about, how you know you’re dreaming and can control what happens in the dream, more or less.”
"May we now have the rings.”
“Skating and in a couple of hours. I’m sure you will want to eat and freshen up.”
Against his better judgement, Sherlock blurted out what he had been thinking this past couple of months. "Yes!" Sherlock whispered harshly, "In which you're supposed to marry the love of your life. That
She frowned, “Well, as you know I subconsciously assets threats to myself and he has never even registered, I think that’s odd, don’t you? I mean he is the oldest vampire out there, the first. Even if he has a good soul he is a threat simply by existing.”
“I am not worried about that John, I am only worried about keeping you and Rosie safe. And any other people around here.”
John and Sherlock took the only two seats left. Sherlock between his parents and John across the table between two women they didn’t know. Sherlock's mom kissed Sherlock on the cheek loudly causing Sherlock to make a face. John smiled fondly. One of the women, the one to his right, turned to him, “Have you two been dating long?”
Sherlock was taken aback by John’s suggestion. He knew John meant only for sleep, but images of Otaktay taking pleasure in John’s body kept coming to mind. He understood what John was trying to do. He wanted Otaktay to come to terms with whatever it was he thought he was feeling for them, plus, who didn’t feel better when being held and shown they were cared about. Taking a deep unneeded breath, Sherlock conceded. “Only if I get to be in the middle. Since Otaktay is convinced I hate him, it would do our relationship some good if I am the one offering solace.
“Oh. I didn’t know you were coming and the other one melted. I’ll have to make you a new one.” Sherlock started for the far side of the table.
Sherlock continued to frown as he watched the woman flirt with John, thankfully John didn’t seem all that keen.
“No!” Both Rosie and Sherlock cried.
Sherlock looked around the small group, “Mycroft?”
“Don’t interrupt John. On the first day of Christmas, my true match gave to me, a mystery wrapped beneath a tree.”
“Yes, were you expecting someone else? I could go…” John panicked, he had taken a gamble and he hoped Sherlock wasn’t as callous as everyone seemed to think he was. Please don’t let him send me away, John prayed urgently in his head.
“Lestrade back to you, why
Falling back into himself in a rush he opened his eyes and focused on Alasdair. “She is still with us, but barely. You can sense your kind, can you call them to you?”
“Uh, I don’t know. You know I’m not a dancer.”
John took Sherlock's hand's and started their shared vows.
“What I think Sherlock was trying to ask you was do you feel like a judge or like you have power coursing just beneath your skin? Do you have a driving need to help rid the world of vampires that prey on humans? If you are just a ranch hand with no magic or experience with magic, why are you here? Most people would run the other way.”
John was painfully aware of the fact that Sherlock was still holding his hand. “Sherlock, I’m not going to let you swing me around this bloody circle like I was some little tyke.”
“So…”
“What are you?” Sherlock asked bluntly.
"Atta girl."
John smiled broadly, there was no mistaken the hope and love in that simple word. Yup, Rosie was their little girl. Regardless of any romantic feelings between them. “Yes.”
“Hmm?”
“Is there any way to tell them apart from newer generations?”
“Ha ha. Funny.”
Sherlock walked over to John and pulled him slowly into his arms as if he thought John would refuse him. “I’m sorry things didn’t work out with your commander. And I’m sorry he affected you the way he did. But if you want or you need me, I’m here.”
John gave a low needy groan right before capturing Sherlock’s lips. Thrusting his tongue past Sherlock’s lips he plundered the space, licking, sucking coaxing Sherlock to kiss him back just as fervently.
Sherlock tried to turn away but one of Alasdair’s hands held him by the jaw and the other was still around his waist keeping him from escaping. When Alasdair released his mouth this time, Sherlock let out a relieved breath, he knew he needed to get away from Alasdair and whatever was causing his mental malfunction but suddenly his shirt was ripped open and he was pressed against the far wall as Alasdair feasted on his neck and worked at his trousers. Sherlock hadn't wanted to call for help because he knew how it would make John feel but he couldn't best the other man. Mentally he called out to Mycroft, Liam and John.
he wanted to add, but didn’t. Sherlock still looked uncertain, but set his violin down and held his arms loosely at his sides. John took that as an invitation to take a hesitant step towards him. Sherlock enveloped him in his arms, and-oh. That was nice. Better than John helplessly clutching at his shirt. Their torsos were pressed together, Sherlock’s cheek resting on the top of John’s head. It was incredibly intimate. John wasn’t sure why Sherlock was doing that, why they suddenly became the type of people who did that, but he never wanted to leave his arms.
Sherlock was lying, seemingly asleep, on the couch when John walked in with Rosie. The windows were closed, the curtains drawn, so it was quite dim. The flat smelled of cigarette smoke. John considered getting angry, but when he thought about it he really couldn’t blame Sherlock. He set Rosie in his chair and went to the kitchen to make tea. Yes, he had just had some, but it would give him a semblance of normalcy before the storm that was sure to begin.
“It was no problem. Rosie was lovely, really.” Mrs. Hudson went back over to Rosie and picked her up. “I think she missed you, though.” Another smile.
“No, I don’t think so,” Sherlock said. “Lestrade told me that things have been less crime-ridden lately. Boring.”
“Neither of you are my handlers. I’m going.” Sherlock stood up and went to his room, slamming the door behind him. He could hear John and Lestrade in the background. Lestrade was asking John if something else was wrong. John said he didn’t know. Sherlock almost laughed at that. He didn’t know how he felt about the entire situation. He had encountered homophobia before, of course, but never someone cruel enough to do this.
The doctor explained that he would need to wear bandages and rest for most of the next week. He’d have weekly checkups until it healed, about six weeks. “I’m giving you enough medication to last for three days. After that, contact me. Don’t want you to get addicted.” He winked. Sherlock didn’t laugh. With that, he left the room.
“Wiggins?” Lestrade looked at him blankly.
“But it’s related to me?”
The cab pulled away from the curb with a slight screech of tires. The ride seemed to drag on forever, and with every second John got more and more anxious. He had to stop himself from snapping at the driver, reminding himself that the driver had no idea what was at stake. It was only the life of the most brilliant man, no, person, he had ever met. He told Greg where he was, telling him to bring backup.
Anger and hurt flared in Sherlock, bright and white-hot, and before he knew it he was snapping back at John. “I don’t need you.” Sherlock’s voice was low, brimming with anger. “I don’t need any of you. I was fine alone. I preferred being alone.” He
“Yes, John.”
“Yes, I did,” Sherlock said. “And I deserved this one too.” The words struck something that he hadn’t previously considered. Hadn’t John specifically instructed him to stay away? And what did Sherlock do? Try to ask him for help.
“No.” He gritted his teeth. “I don’t think I will. Anyways, it’s irrelevant. We were talking about drugs. Not this.”
“Hello?” Greg said, picking up.
“Sherlock?” Molly’s tinny voice came through the phone.
After restoring the mantle, he made his way into the kitchen. “Tea?”
“We were kissing.” The words came out in a rush, much like they had with Harry. Sherlock opened his mouth and blinked very quickly.
“No.” John stepped quickly across the room and sat down in his chair. “I’m not. Don’t know why. Probably should be, actually. But I’m not.”
“Handsome,” Sherlock mused. “No, I don’t believe you did. You said I looked fantastic. But not handsome.”
The drizzle fell gently on his face. He tipped his face towards the sky, relishing in the feeling of the cool rain. It was messing up his curls, yes, but it wasn’t strong enough to do any damage. He hoped John hadn’t forgotten, or worse, cancelled on him without telling him. Sherlock didn’t think John would do that, but John was unpredictable. He’d done much worse.
He didn’t think John would follow him. In fact, he knew John wouldn’t. Not until the morning. It would not be very smart of him if John found him drunk, or high. Sherlock ached for the obliviousness of cocaine. He would stay strong. John would not find him in a drug den again. The disappointment in his eyes was enough once, he didn’t need that again.
“Not in here, please!” The man cried nervously. Sherlock glared at him, but waited until he was outside to strike the lighter. The rain was not conducive to smoking nor trying to light anything on fire, and he swore. Loudly. The nearest awning was a few feet away, and he hurried there, shoes splashing up rainwater. The deep chill that had settled in his bones made it difficult to light the cigarette, his hands unresponsive. He grew increasingly more frustrated until finally it struck, a small glow in the darkness.
“I didn’t actually die,” Sherlock pointed out, while the irrational part of his brain pointed out that John just said that he loved him.
“Well, let’s have breakfast and then she can open it. I got her something as well,” John told him, shaking his head. “Of course you’d get her something.”
Word count: 5,045
A strangled scream tore its way out of his throat. He could have stopped Mary’s death.
Olivia showed him up to Madison’s room. The room was smaller, painted grey. The bed had grey sheets and a fluffy yellow comforter. Their dog was curled up on the bed. Sherlock held out his hand and allowed the dog to sniff him, rubbing between its ears. Her clothes were mostly hoodies and jeans. The faint scent of mint lingered in the air.
“If you knew then, why didn’t you say anything?”
“Yes.”
Sherlock smiled slightly. “I don’t hate going out in public. I would prefer to do something else, yes, but I never claimed I hated it. And as for the restaurant: I don’t hate it either. The soup is quite good.”
“I see.”
Sherlock went. Rosie was awake when he opened the door. She babbled at him from her cot.
Oh. Sherlock didn’t want to say. “I don’t-I can’t answer that, I’m sorry.”
“Of course I do,” John told him. “There are things to consider.”
Sherlock flopped dramatically in his chair. “Did you meddle?”
and decided to say the words that had been weighing on him.
“That it was my fault? Yes.”
“Not for me.”
“Has there?”
When they arrived at the small building for the ceremony itself, Sherlock was promptly taken away by Lestrade and John by Harry and Clara. Everyone else was waiting inside.
“It is a science, John,” Sherlock said, affronted. “But to answer your previous question. I did not trust my deductions because I feared my, ah, emotions were getting in the way.” He scowled when he said ‘emotions.’ John found it incredibly endearing.
“When’s the last time you saw him?”
John was probably in love with Sherlock Holmes. Fear gripped his heart, pure, blinding. He forced himself to breathe deeply. Like he had said so many years ago, it was fine, it was all fine.
“Sorry to disappoint,” Lestrade said. “It’s just me.”
“I had to, John.”
“It’s where Turing died.”
“Come in?”
“I know how you feel about him,” she said quickly.
Sherlock hadn’t planned on sleeping, but to his surprise, he was exhausted. His eyelids drooped. He felt himself beginning to doze, sinking deeper into the couch. The noise from the telly washed over him. “Go to bed,” John said, glancing at him.
This is my first fic.
He wanted to scream at John, he wanted to do a number of things, but he just stayed mute.
“That’s not a compliment,” Sherlock muttered, sending John into another bout of laughter.
Minutes after he sent the text, a black car pulled up to the curb. He climbed inside and folded his arms. He couldn’t see John anywhere. When he arrived at Mycroft’s, he was informed by the driver that Mycroft wasn’t there. However, there was a note stuck to the front door.
When he was released, Mrs. Hudson took him home and fussed over him as he laid in his bed. She brought him tea and sat with him until he told her he needed to sleep. She left with a smile. He laid in his bed, staring at the ceiling. He was careful not to put any pressure on his ribs or lungs. His breathing was still shaky, but much better than before. He absently reached up and touched his face. His fingers came away wet. He was crying again.
“Heard me?” Sherlock could only stare at him.
They made their way towards the Thai restaurant. As predicted, John loved it. He loved the idea of takeaway even more. Whilst waiting for their food, John suggested that they make up stories for each of the people around them.
“Cocaine? Why can’t you make it yourself?”
“I should be,” Sherlock said. He was ashamed to feel tears start to prickle at his eyes.
“Shut up. Just, what do I do?”
“No.”
again, and with the remembering came an aching longing for John. Molly cleared her throat and perched at the edge of the couch. Sherlock took a seat in his own chair and crossed his legs. “Why are you here?” He estimated that he had several hours before he started to come down. Good. Molly surely wouldn’t stay for that long.
and thought about all the ways that John could be more.
“Why?” John could clearly picture his expression: eyebrows raised, slightly concerned, slightly amused.
“Oh.” And then, “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“There may be an issue with your plan,” John said quietly, turning to face Sherlock once they were back in the sitting room.
John looked at him. “You should have told me.” He emphasized the last few words. “It hurt, Sherlock.”
“I’ll be quiet. I won’t even play the violin. You can have my room if you’d like.” Sherlock pleaded with him. John was too tired. He cursed himself for missing it earlier and not telling John he’d call someone else. John was very close to getting fired from the clinic-not that he knew that-and falling asleep during work hours might be enough to cost him his job. And that wouldn’t be okay.
Sherlock decided not to put the kettle on, then. He didn’t need tea, and if John didn’t want any there was no reason to bother. The fridge was stocked with various body parts and little food. John would disapprove. Sherlock wondered for a moment where he was and why he wasn’t scolding him.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, and left the room as fast as he could.
It wasn’t John.
John inhaled sharply, then pressed a hand over his mouth. Shit. He glanced over at Sherlock, who thank god, luckily hadn’t moved. John could only stare at the paper in his hand. He didn’t know when Sherlock had even written this. He knew it hadn’t been used to teach
“Fine. Fine.” He raised his hands in exasperation. “But if I find that you go back on that stuff, even one more time-and I have ways of knowing-then I’m sending you away.”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John said. He bit his fist. The next few words were muffled, but Sherlock understood. “I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have-I never should have done that to you. And when you returned, too. I made the same mistake twice. I shouldn’t have. I’m sorry. I’m so fucking sorry.”
“What?”
“Okay,” agreed John. He kissed the top of Sherlock’s head. Sherlock melted into his touch and made a contented noise. So of course, John did it again. Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered closed. “Tired?”
John asked if he could stay another night and Sherlock willingly agreed. There was more to discuss, but both men were too exhausted to do that. Neither of them wanted to separate until they were both more comfortable with each other, so staying another night was the obvious solution.
Sherlock glanced at the clock. Nearly eight. John should’ve been there by six. They had planned on getting dinner together, maybe going to Angelo’s or something. But John looked exhausted and worn down and not at all like he wanted to go out to dinner.
“Yeah?” John smiled into Sherlock’s shoulder. “What is your favourite, then?”
“I’m also too tired to talk about Mary, so the conversations we need to have about her are going to have to wait until tomorrow.” Sherlock nodded. Mary. That was probably the big one. “Good, yeah. Sherlock, you have to understand something. I don’t like talking about these things. It’s why I-it’s why I pushed you away for awhile. It’s why we’ve never talked about your death, and why I didn’t have the courage to face you after Mary without copious prompting from Mycroft.”
“Yes, fine, thank you.”
“You sound nervous!” Angelo’s smile was evident even through the phone. “Is tonight the night? You’re going to do it? Propose to him? Oh, Sherlock! I’m so happy for you.”
Sherlock made a noise of agreement and sat down at the small table. He pushed the piles of chemistry equipment and papers over to the corner, making room for Rosie. Rosie was tucked up in John’s arms as he fried some eggs.
“My condolences for your loss,” Mycroft said, coolly. Sherlock cocked his head, listening.
“Are you going to tell me where we’re going yet?” John inquired.
“Yes, like I said: I’m fine. I’m glad we cleared that up.”
“You didn’t have to,” John said, but was touched nonetheless.
Sorry for the long wait. I had writer's block (ugh) and was surprisingly busy and all in all it was not conducive to writing. Sorry again. And sorry some of the updates took a longer time than I would've liked. Thank you for your patience.
Ella’s mouth opened, the first emotion she’d shown since he sat down. “I’m afraid I’m going to have to call the police-”
Then he was crying, tears mingling with the shower water. That was an adverse reaction and one he certainly wasn’t expecting. It was pathetic, honestly. A wave of self-loathing washed over him and he fell to his knees. He didn’t deserve this from John. John needed someone so much better than him. John needed someone who wasn’t a freak and didn’t fling themself off of rooftops in front of him.
Sherlock tried to hide the laptop from John, but he grabbed it. “That’s my blog.”
“Yes.”
It was over. He would never see John again.
“Good.” Sherlock stood up and turned towards him. “Dinner?”
Sherlock blinked, his expression unreadable. When he spoke, his voice was unsteady. “Thank you, John.” John placed his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. The warmth of it seeped through his dressing gown. His shoulder was strong under John’s hand, shaking slightly. Sherlock looked at his hand. He didn’t shrug it off. John took a step closer. He didn’t take his hand off.
“Leave it alone, Mycroft,” Sherlock snapped. “You don’t get it. Stay out of it.”
“John, you deserve everything.”
“Detective Inspector, will you give us a minute?”
“Well, you look both,” John said. “And amazing, and great, and beautiful, and ethereal-”
“Thank you.” The potstickers were as delicious as they smelled. The meat melted in his mouth. The meal was nice, quiet, and Sherlock felt balanced. Mostly. As much as could be expected. It was refreshing. He missed this, being with John. Missed the cases, yes, but the quiet moments too. He missed all of it. Missed John.
He was interrupted by John entering the flat. He was so surprised that he fell into his string, tangling it. He cursed loudly and set about untangling it. “What are you doing?”
. He found a list of people who had died there. Michael Boothe, murdered for...for…
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock knew that he was relatively quiet the next morning. He couldn’t bring himself to tell John to stay, and what else was there to talk about? His stomach was hollow. The pain in his heart pierced the thick fog in his head, but not much else did. John was also quiet. He made them breakfast like he usually did, but he was just going through the motions. Sherlock barely ate it and only sipped at his tea. He didn’t think the violin would help, so he didn’t play.
“Sherlock?” John said. “What did it say?” Sherlock thrust the piece of paper at John. John scanned it, looking fairly confused. “It doesn’t look bad.”
“I’ll make sure to plan something good,” John told him, jostling his arm. Sherlock dropped his food.
“Right, yeah. Goodnight, Sherlock.” John got up and looked at him for a minute. His messy dark hair. The suit he barely took off, even at home. He envisioned himself wrapping his arms around Sherlock and pressing his chin to Sherlock’s shoulder, but dismissed the idea quickly.
“Sherlock.” His voice was muffled from the shirt. “Go back to sleep.”
“That you don’t like men?” The hopeful gleam was gone from his eyes, replaced again by emptiness.
*****
“All right,” Wiggins said, and shut up.
“Hello,” he said. “I came to pay my respects.”
“I could have prevented it,” Sherlock said, guilt curling inside his stomach. “I should have prevented it.”
*****
John pulled his hand away, and Sherlock’s heart sank. John hated him for choosing Mycroft, even if it was just a dream. How could he not? But then John’s arm was around Sherlock and he pulled Sherlock down so he was resting on his shoulder. “It’s okay, Sherlock. Really, it is. You had to make a choice, so you did. It was just a dream.”
“No,” Sherlock agreed, “but I’m not perfect, either.”
“What?” He opened his eyes. John’s face was flushed and red, his eyes wide.
Mycroft’s eyes bore into him. “I know what this is.”
“Great,” John said. “Let me just pop this in the oven and then we can eat. Want some eggs?”
Sherlock glared. “It was murder.”
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock said softly. John didn’t say those things lightly, which meant that he genuinely meant it. Sherlock smiled sadly at him.
“John. Stop it right now and
“Lovely.” Smith drove a knee into the small of Sherlock’s back. Sherlock groaned. Smith’s other hand covered his mouth. “No one’s going to blame me. The strung-out detective passed out in the morgue. A tragedy. Overdose, maybe.” The hands tightened and Sherlock couldn’t breathe. His lungs weren’t receiving air. He trembled underneath Smith, and then, with a surge of adrenaline, managed to break free. He gasped for air and lunged back at Smith, trying to wrestle him into a headlock. Blood dripped down his face and he blinked it out of his eyes. Smith hit him in the ribs, and he doubled over. He coughed. Blood spattered on Smith’s shoes. Shit. He’d reinjured his internal organs. Smith pushed him to the floor.
“Right,” John said again. “Can you move over?” Sherlock swung his legs over the side of the couch and sat up. John turned on the radio. “I’m surprised you moved.”
Sherlock blinked at him. John hadn’t expected a response, not right away, so he waited. “I love you too,” Sherlock said, when he regained control of his voice. John never realised before how much he’d love hearing Sherlock say that. He wanted to have him say it over and over, for the rest of all eternity, but he settled with kissing him one more time. Sherlock glared at him when John pulled away.
All too soon, the time came. John packed up the rest of his and Rosie’s stuff and brought everything down to the stoop. Sherlock followed them out, wrapping himself up in his coat. His plan was to go walk around London for the rest of the day, lack of sleep be damned, until he stopped thinking about John. He didn’t know where exactly he’d go, but anywhere was better than being with his thoughts.
She motioned for him to come inside her flat. They sat at her small kitchen table and she got out a few biscuits, offering him one. “John Watson, you be good to Sherlock Holmes. You weren’t there after Mary died, you don’t know what it was like for him.”
Night was beginning to fall when everyone made their way into the ballroom. Sherlock was still slightly hurt at the fact that he hadn’t been able to play the music for their first dance himself, but as John pointed out that would ruin the entire point of the first dance. Sherlock acquiesced and consequently hadn’t brought it up again.
“I need-” he paused. Took a deep breath. “I need some.”
“Harry turned sixteen in November when I was still fourteen. Our Dad completely ignored her birthday. I made her a card, like always.” John swallowed. “She came out to us both that January.”
Liam interrupted with, “Okay but my question is why were you not equally as affected both times, no all three times? And why are they drawn to
There was a twinkle in Sherlock’s eye, John found it most intriguing. “Sure, where to and when?”
“Wrong Sherlock, I am the first and only person to ever make love to both that beautiful body and brilliant mind. And even though I'm sure I'll be paying for it the next couple of days, I regret nothing.”
John heard someone shush him but he didn’t heed them he was so relieved to see Rosie was okay. And like every worried parent who suddenly found out their child was safe and sound he was fussing at her. “Rosamund Wilhelmina Watson! You have scared ten years off of me! You know better than to run away while I’m working! And you could have hurt yourself, climbing all the way up this beanstalk! And where are we? You-” THUMP! THUMP!
“How?” He asked as he hugged Otaktay.
John stood up and started pacing in the small bedroom. After a while his pacing brought him to the window, it was snowing so hard he couldn’t see anything but a blanket of snow. He couldn’t go out in this weather. John was surprised to realise he had been contemplating going back up that beanstalk and dragging Sherlock down here. He hadn’t imagined the longing in Sherlock’s eyes, had he? Seen what he wanted to see?
A loud squeal split the air as a blur flew across the room, Otaktay was lifted into the air in a tight embrace. John smiled as he watched Liam squeeze Otaktay and then drop him and pull Mansi into a hug just as fierce. Mycroft stood at the door, arms crossed stoically in front of him as if he was not pleased, John knew that he was.
“Something to do with Samantha, something he saw once he took my hand.”
"Exactly, but on the other hand, how do I not know they aren't both playing me? Us? How do I know this whole thing isn't a ploy and they're actually working in tandem?"
“Yes. Thank you, Lestrade.”
"Maybe. I want to talk to Hyde. And we also need to touch base with Otaktay."
“Despite everything, I’m glad we came out. Just the two of us. But let’s get home and unwrap this mystery.”
John watched as Sherlock lay down and pulled the blanket over him, openly dismissing him. Saddened by the dismissal, John closed Sherlock's door and went off to his own room.
John found Rosie waiting patiently by the front door; he inhaled down and tightened her scarf about her neck and face and made sure her hat was snug. Even though she had her snow boots on he had no intentions of letting Rosie trek through the snow, the drifts were too high and her clothes would get wet quickly and she’d catch a cold. “Come along Rosie, climb on my back and we’ll go deliver the mail to Sherlock. Rosie giggled as she climbed aboard and then the duo were off.
Sherlock stood up, he cradled John’s face between his hands forcing John to stare up at him. “John, you are magnificent. You’ll figure it, I have complete faith in you.” Sherlock lowered his mouth to John’s placing a simple chaste kiss against his lips before pulling away again.
“How on earth did you have time to compose a song? We barely got any sleep on that case.”
“I can get through this with you. I can make it manageable with you by my side.”
“Uh, hello Samantha, I'm John,” John reached out his hand to shake hers, she had a firm handshake her palms rough. “Who told you exactly?”
over on Tumblr.
Sherlock sat on the side of the bed watching John watch him with so much desire it made his blood hot. "I want to apologise John. I do believe this is worse than the incident at the club."
Sherlock held eye contact with John as he answered, “Lock her up first, ask questions later. You
“Right, I remember. Go on.”
“You’ve been so nice to me John. And Otakatay. Everyone else can just go to Hell.”
John finally closed his eyes and allowed himself to drift off to sleep.
Lachlan?”
John looked stricken and turned to Liam waiting, needing him to deny what Alasdair had just said. When none came he fled quickly to his room.
“How do you know I don’t want to take you?”
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand as he lowered his mouth as far down as he could go, allowing the head of Sherlock’s penis to tickle his uvula and cause him to gag lightly.
Sherlock walked into the bathroom to check on John.
“I can see that John.”
Looking back on it all, he supposes it was a sign, he should have just left Mary right then and there and told Sherlock how he felt. But once he got over his anger, there was still fear to be conquered. What if Sherlock
John looks up, Liam was standing at the door with his arms crossed across his chest.
“No, the only thing missing is the physical intimacy. And maybe the acknowledgement of the relationship.”
Sherlock watched John. He was deep in thought. They needed to discuss this, he’d told Rosie they would, he would always keep his promise. “John.”
Archie held the rings up between them. Thin platinum bands, rounded edges, glinting dully in the light. Sherlock had gone with John to pick them out, and he privately thought that they couldn’t have picked better. Sherlock ached to kiss John, and reminded himself that it was just a few more minutes until he could.
“I didn’t, no. Like I said, I was angry. I wasn’t thinking clearly.”
“I can’t do this. I can’t do this. You’re so amazing and kind and I’m...I hurt you.”
Mild violence/gore in this chapter. Also, I’m not a doctor. I did my best but there may be factual inaccuracies.
Sherlock made the decision in less than a second, but it felt like eternity. “Does he know?” He whispered it. It took too much courage, courage he didn’t have, to say it out loud.
“I’m afraid I can’t help much,” Harry said. “I’m sorry, John. You really just need to figure out what you want. But don’t lead him on, he’s already suffered enough.” She stood up.
Just before they left, as John was putting on his coat, Sherlock watched him. He saw John’s expression, saw that he was trying to mend things in his own messy way. And realised that however much he might want an apology, he wasn’t going to get one. Not anything more than what John said earlier. At least not anytime soon.
“Did you make a list?”
“And I love you.” Sherlock thought he would never tire of John saying that. Ever. Even if he said it a thousand times. It was the best thing he’d ever heard.
Lestrade stood up. “I came to see how you were doing.”
“Sorry for that,” he said when he could breathe. “For the wall. And falling apart.”
“You were alone. You were talking to yourself.”
*****
“I’ll be back with the menus,” he said. He didn’t say anything about a candle. Sherlock was very grateful for that.
John attempted a smile. “I just need more time. I don’t know how much more.”
“I don’t know.” He licked his lips nervously. It was Sherlock, after all. The most brilliant, amazing man he had ever met. If he was a woman, he definitely would be in love. But he wasn’t a woman, he was a man, and that’s where the issue started.
“Know what?” A bubble of anxiety formed in his stomach.
Sherlock put toast in the toaster for himself and for John and was about to deduce how John would like his eggs cooked when the shower shut off. He buttered the toast before turning on the stove and then sat down at the table next to Rosie. John stepped into the kitchen wearing his dressing gown.
“Isn’t it obvious,” Sherlock said, scowling. “I don’t want to be best friends.” John’s stomach dropped, and he was so surprised that he let go of Sherlock’s sleeve. “I want to be
“Oh?”
“Doctor Watson called me.” Sherlock’s stomach dropped. “He asked me to stop paying him. He asked to stop seeing you.”
“Away?”
“You’re doing better than I would have expected,” Sherlock said, astonished. His hair was nicely combed, his face clean shaven. His eyes were bright, nothing like they had been at the funeral.
*****
“Why did you do it?”
John should’ve remembered about Skyfall. The place, not the movie. Old family home that burns down.
Around six, he called Angelo. His heart beat deep in his chest. Angelo answered on the second ring. “Hello?”
“Why?”
“How can you not understand? I did everything for you. I jumped off a building and faked my death for two years for you. I was ready to kill my own brother for you. I planned a perfect wedding for you. I wrote you and your wife a waltz. I forgave the woman who shot me
“No, please,” Sherlock said. “I won’t do it again.”
John solved that issue for him by accidentally walking into him with a noise of surprise. He wobbled like he was about to fall. Sherlock grabbed him by the shoulder to stop that from happening, and then they were face-to-face. John’s eyes flicked down to his lips and then back up again. It was subtle, but years of observing left Sherlock with no doubt as to what he’d seen.
“Oh. All right.” Sherlock closed his eyes against the rush of emotions.
She sighed. Good. That meant he was acting somewhat normal. “The funeral is this afternoon. Are you planning on attending?”
-Rosie started crying.
“I am fully aware of my appearance,” Sherlock growled in response to the checker’s alarm. “Where do you keep your cigarettes?”
He and John started talking. About everything and nothing. About what was best about dinner, and what preschool Rosie would go to when she was old enough. About telling Lestrade and Molly, and keeping the press from asking too many questions. About whatever crossed their minds. They stayed there, even as it got colder, even as the number of people around them slowly grew smaller.
The air left his lungs in a second. His mind froze, his body stilling. “No, I’m not.” That was a lie, of course. Sherlock had been in love with John for almost as long as he could remember. He thought he had done a good job of hiding it, thought that it was unnoticeable. He tried to push it away, tried to delete his feelings, but was unsuccessful.
“John never wanted to play Cluedo with me,” he said, pitifully, and he immediately hated himself for it. Mrs. Hudson didn’t respond. She gently rubbed her hand over his shoulder, giving him a moment to compose himself. “It might be the victim that did it,” he said after a moment, and was relieved to hear her laugh. He rolled over and sat up. His back was still sore, but better than earlier. He ran a hand through his hair and was disgusted to find it greasy.
“Wait, I’m coming.” Wiggins stumbled down the stairs, and Sherlock reflected that he was in no state to join. But Sherlock himself was in no state to go solve a murder, so he supposed it was okay.
“Oh my god, yes, of course.” John sat up, no longer crying. “I’m almost done, anyways.”
“Thank you.”
A deep breath, another clearing of his throat. “I just wanted to apologize.”
“I treated her like my work because she was my work,” he said, his voice low and menacing. “I don’t know why you’re insinuating that we were romantically entangled in any way. How you came to that conclusion is irrelevant, however, because you are wrong.”
“You’re not in charge of me,” Sherlock said disdainfully.
The rehabilitation center was all white walls and corridors, an uncomfortable chill to the air. Sherlock crossed his arms, drawing his coat closer around him. Soon he’d be forced to take it off, to change into the standardised uniform of the facility, but for now he maintained a layer of protection. Mycroft stood slightly behind him. Sherlock vomited twice on the way there, and was now shivering.
Sherlock closed his eyes again and folded his hands together. “Not my dealer. He was living with me. It was...an arrangement.”
“So, in fact, you mean…”
“Noo, don’t apologize, I just need to know you’re okay. The last time you acted out of character like this we were all infected.”
The giant Moriarty took Sherlock to a cage that hung from a hook near tHe kitchen window. He tossed Sherlock inside and locked the cage. I will bring you some blankets in a moment. But you will stay in there until I think you are no longer a threat.”
Sherlock turned and walked away before any more words could be spoken. He made his way quickly to his room. Once inside he picked up a book and threw it as hard as he could across the room. He tossed books and papers alike from his makeshift desk onto the floor. He felt lost. No, he felt like he had just lost everything. Sliding to the floor, all his rage spent Sherlock began to cry. Why hadn’t he just told John he loved him? That he would move Heaven and Hell to be with them. Instead, he allowed them to just walk away from him. Sherlock cried until he felt like he had no tears left. What had he done? Jumping up he ran from his room intending to follow behind John and Rosie but was stopped by the sight of the giant sitting at the table.
John went to push her into Sherlock's arms but she held on and continued talking.
“Sure we have. The night you took me to your club for the first time.”
“I agree with Liam.” Sherlock chimed in quietly.
“Who do we look for first?” Liam asked.
John felt Sherlock jump, maybe he was moving too fast, maybe he needed to take a step back.
John shook his head no and gave Sherlock the obligatory kiss. “I’m sure you know I was joking but any excuse to kiss you is okay.”
“Stop frowning John, it doesn’t suit you.”
“It is always better to be honest. But I rather be alive than dead. This is hard on me too ya know, holding this shape ain't easy. And I apologize if some of my latent powers are running amuck with you all.”
John approached Sherlock, leaned down he placed a kiss on his slightly pouting lips. “Thanks for the offer, but I need to think, sort this all out.”
“Phenomenal. But he fell asleep afterwards and-”
Alasdair looked at John for a long time, as if just seeing him. Turning away he spoke to the vampire’s, arise treat me as you would John, as your equal.”
“Tell me about it. He’s only known this bloke one night and already he can remember his name and treats him better than the lot of us.” Lestrade grumbled.
“I don’t know what that means! You know him well then?”
“Couldn’t sleep.”
“Yes, given of my own free will.”
Sherlock determined to get John to do what he wanted, wrapped his legs around him and pulled him into a kiss.
“Course you can!”
“Haven't you Sherlock?” Sherlock nodded an affirmative. “It gets old after a while, you know that. You settle on one place to call home and eventually even that becomes old. I went to ground for a while. I've done a lot in my lifetime, I was even a well-known writer for a time.”
John noticed that the man looked extremely nervous, he didn’t understand his reaction at all.
"Yeah, I know that now. But come on Sherlock. You want him. The reasons don't matter. Let's just try it and see what happens. Maybe I'll like it."
Hesitantly one of Sherlock’s hands came up to cup his face.
Sherlock started playing again, nothing classical simply a piece of music that came to him in that moment. It was low, ominous that was slowly building to a swell.
Rosie lay on her stomach as she watched the fire dance along the stone tabletop. It was two small flames, one taller than the other. Her new friend Sherlock had told her he was the taller one naturally and she the smaller. The flames appeared to be doing the Waltz of some sort. The young girl giggled as the flame went out. “Again!”
Sherlock was by John's side in a heartbeat supporting him leading him back to the house.
“You have doubt.”
The quiet in the room was strained for several long minutes. Finally, Otaktay let out a deep shuddering breath and turned in Sherlock's arms so that his face was buried in his chest. Sherlock stiffened as he realised the medicine man was crying.
“Andy loved Soo Lin, he never got the chance to tell her.”
John looked at the man and smiled slightly, “Nice to meet you, Sherlock.”
“I left my number written on the bathroom mirror. And while we are at it, why do you not have one writing instrument in your flat? Seriously not one!”
. I do believe somewhere in the back of your mind you believe Alasdair may have faked his reaction to me. That he wasn’t really driven to temptation.”
John saw right off that taking Alasdair on in his current state would be a mistake, he was hot to the touch, fevered. And he was much stronger than they were. Maybe if all of them took him on at once perhaps but there was a chance he would rip Sherlock’s throat out in the process. “Everyone step back.” Alasdair had ceased trying to get Sherlock's trousers down and was rutting against Sherlock roughly. John closed his eyes a moment to centre himself when he opened them he looked Sherlock in the eyes and mouthed
John scowled and looked at the picture again. It took him awhile before he actually saw it. The man was laying on his back with a cane just out of reach. Again, the angle of the picture made it hard to make everything out and initially the cane had looked like debris. But now John saw it clearly, the man was dressed very similarly to his usual style. And even though John no longer used a cane, it was added to drive home the similarities. Now that John was looking at this man as a mirror for himself he knew the man was injured but not by his own hand. It was made to look like a suicide attempt but John seriously doubted the man tried to commit suicide and Moriarty just happened to be in the area and available to take photos.
John was so shocked by Sherlock’s actions he didn’t say or do anything, he simply stood there while Sherlock gently kissed him. Sherlock was bloody kissing him. John panicked and stepped back bumping into the arm of Sherlock’s chair, nearly falling over it. “What- what are you doing?” John touched his fingers to his lips looking up at Sherlock with huge uncomprehending eyes, and then he bolted.
Sherlock could feel John's gaze on him, he could even feel the man working up the nerve to ask him something. Of god he hoped it wasn’t about the hand holding, that had been nice and he was completely open to repeating that bit if John wanted to but he didn't wish to talk about it. Or maybe he would ask him what he had meant about his true match could be a man. John pretended to be of average intelligence especially to make another feel more comfortable in talking around him, thinking that he was too dim to follow. Or other times where he used his perceived lower intelligence to gather more information to clarify or explicate a topic.
“John, that wasn’t necessary. When did you even have the time to put the gift there without me seeing?”
When they made it to his room, Fíona was sitting on the bed holding his hand. She looked up at them. “I have drawn you a bag of my blood for Mansi it'll help her body heal quicker. You saw how weak she is.”
“Just my brother.”
as you call her, before. He had also said in his email he knew his presence wasn’t needed in the war, he was really needed to start looking forward.”
“And?”
Sherlock smiled. “They do with help.” He was laying on his back and wanted to turn and look at John as they spoke. He was very tired but wanted to stay up and talk. He had never had another adult human to speak to. Let alone an attractive one.
“Is he?”
Sherlock held John’s gaze as the new song started. This one he had written just two nights before when he decided to come clean to John about his feelings. The beginning was shaky, to express how unsure he was of taking this step. He guided John around their sitting room in short circles, having limited space, he hadn’t wanted to move the furniture and tip John off that something was up.
It was very like John, cutting through all the niceties and getting straight to the heart of the matter. It was one reason Sherlock felt they were so well suited for one another. John’s ability to cut to the chase also allowed him to fill in all the blanks that Sherlock often left in his stories and explanations. And if John didn’t understand, well then he would say so. John loved him and thought of Sherlock’s home as being with him and Rosie. That just solved it for him, he had to get out of here. Preferably right now while the giant was out. But how? Sherlock smiled and stuck his hand in his pocket. The hair pin! John was so clever. He folded the two pieces of paper carefully and placed them in his pocket. He would have like to retrieve the other pictures Rosie had drawn for him and their violins, but he suspected his time was limited and he would need to leave it all behind.
getting married.”
“Sam lives and works on a ranch, she has a way with animals.” Otaktay looked pointedly at John.
He had on his aubergine button up and a pair of black trousers, he been told in no uncertain terms by John that he looked quite handsome in this particular ensemble. He’d even mussed his hair and unbuttoned the top two buttons of his shirt, he wanted to be as appealing to John as possible. Just in case he was making a complete arse of himself.
John looked at Sherlock and could see his brilliant detective was shutting down, panicking internally, unsure about the situation. He stepped closer, and it took everything in him to say his next words, "Sherlock, no doubt your brother set all of this up, and if you do not wish to go through with this- we don't- we don't have to. But I would be honoured beyond belief if you would have me."
“Mmm, that sounds kinda hot John. Want to show me what you would’ve done to me with everyone watching?”
“I don’t understand.”
John pulled out and turned Sherlock around to face him.
“Yes and no. I’ve never been happier but I’m afraid my rashness has put everyone in danger. The giant will come looking for me. When I left he had just fallen asleep. I’m not sure how much time passed as I made my way down the beanstalk and fumbling through the snow. We need to get the beanstalk down before he wakes up.”
John watched as Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed. “I was thinking about you. Rosie. Us.”
Without turning to look at Sherlock, John gave a small smile.
Sherlock gritted his teeth and balled his hands into fists. Why was he angry all of a sudden? Was it guilt? Or was John, Otaktay and Samantha correct and he was being influenced?
"I know." John was pressing his lips to Sherlock's when an explosion rocked the house.
“Sherlock, look at me please.”
“Something you needed Sherlock? I can’t cook like this you know, and your breath is tickling my scalp.”
Sherlock looked at John over Rosie’s head. He had never had to deal with a panicked child, his eyes were big with fear of saying the wrong thing and making matters worst.
John held up a finger, “Shorter, not smaller.”
Sherlock pulled away and grabbed the soap. “I do hate when my skin gets so dry. And if I recall correctly, we haven't visited our tree yet.”
“No, John I guess you’re right. I never really realised, but I assure you that isn’t what’s going on right now. I genuinely just wanted to spend some time with you away from Baker Street.” The smile John gave him made Sherlock want to take John out on a thousand dates if it would make him smile at him like that again.
John placed a hand over Samantha’s, “I know.”
"Are you sure you don't want to ask him, you'd be much happier."
“Thank ya.”
“That’s it! Come along John, let’s go somewhere we aren’t being assessed, watched and interrupted. Good night Mike, I do so know your name Graham and Mycroft, I’m telling mummy.” Sherlock grabbed John’s wrist, as he pulled him towards the stairs he heard Lestrade say, “Greg, my name is Greg.”
Several long minutes passed. John tried to quiet his mind, but he was just too worked up to really relax. Opening his eyes he looked at Sherlock.
“Just to the gym. I feel wired, no way I can go back to sleep right now.”
“And then he fixes breakfast for you two. Afterwards, he offers to hold you while you talk, in which you decline.”
“John the beanstalk won’t hold his weight much longer we need to move.”
Sherlock ran a hand up and down John’s back. “Agreed. I don’t feel he poses a threat but I don’t trust him, nor can I let my guard down around him.” After a pause, Sherlock added, “But I suppose that’s on account of how good looking he is and how afraid I am of losing you.”
The men played in the water splashing each other until they were a fine spectacle and then made their way back to the party, faces flushed and smiling. Not to mention horribly wet.
“I was sitting on the other side of the tree. I saw you approach and I had every intention of ignoring you but then you called me.”
John simply nodded his head unable to formulate any words to this oracular genius. But as usual, he need not say anything, Sherlock was capable of speaking for them both.
"Really? You want to pull
“I’m not sure I understand.”
John continued to watch Sherlock and what he was doing inside the bucket, it was fascinating. “Well, unfortunately, I am a single father, her mother died shortly after she was born. And I am a farmer by profession. It’s hard work. The ground has been unforgiving as of late and hasn’t produced much. While I am out working the fields Rosie is supposed to be inside not up here learning the violin.”
“I don’t.”
John noticed that Hyde was still holding on to Samantha’s hand, it was sandwich between his two.
“Quite right. Well, there was the night we met Liam.”
“Or I could just have to work in the morning but needed a night cap. Or maybe I fancied the man at the end of the bar.”
"Yes, you're right."Mycroft stood up and straightened his clothes. "John, I meant what I said the other day. If at any time you change your mind before the wedding just let me know and I will call the whole thing off."
Sherlock pulled John forward by his shirt collar, “I will do no such thing.” He kissed John tenderly. “I think I could get used to kissing you.”
Sherlock looked up, it had started to occur to him that John was unable to do what he could. And maybe, just maybe no one down there could. Except for little Rosie, but she was just beginning. This would explain why the giant hoarded him and wouldn’t let him leave, he was the only one who could do this. He suspected that Rosie could too, just a gut feeling.
“I do believe you made her night.”
“Well, we were going to discuss the case and John tried to get me to sit with him, he said so he could hold me.”
“Sherlock, skip the history lesson and tell me what’s going on.”
“Wait, I don't understand. Are you saying it's over between us?”
Otaktay made a noncommittal noise and kept walking.
“John you didn’t-”
Sherlock looked up from Rosie to John, looking for the truth in his eyes.
Sherlock looked at John now seated across from him, his cheeks were ruddy from the cold air and he had his serious no-nonsense look about him, John meant business. “Alright.”
“He did mention these two here were John’s bodyguards. And he also mentioned another man, oh shucks, what was his name? Well, whatever his name was, he was hooked up with an ex vampire. Although, he ain’t made no mention of how that’s even possible.”
“I suspect the killer grappled with his own sexuality and was targeting men who looked like him; in a sense, he was killing his own lust and desire for men.”
“I found it!”
“Course.”
John smiled weakly at Sherlock he had assumed as much but he felt like there was more and he told Sherlock this.
"If we are going to be using purple and cream as the base colours I think we should go with this arrangement here." John pointed to a picture that showed several different types of arrangements using the same colour scheme and theme.
John groaned with the visuals that accompanied Sherlock’s statements.
Sherlock moaned into the kiss and held on to John for dear life. He felt like the world was tilting beneath him, and he was falling; if he was falling to his death he could think of no better way.
“Maybe it’s disturbing to Moriarty because he sees you as his. And despite what we know that pictures seem to say you aren’t available.”
“Perhaps.” was Mycroft’s only response.
At some point, John became aware of the fact that Sherlock’s dressing gown was soaked from his tears, secondly and probably most importantly, Sherlock was singing quietly to him as he rocked him. He felt a kiss pressed into his hair.
“He was tired. Besides he's far less trouble in here sleeping.”
“I don’t sense Mansi, she is either dead or close to it.”
Sherlock began to descend, they should be far enough away from the house and listening ears.
Back in the bedroom John turned all the lights off and climbed into the bed pulling Sherlock in against his chest.
Sherlock was thoroughly enjoying himself, but he wanted more. He’d once told his brother that sex didn’t alarm him, that hadn’t been a lie. Sex, in general, was a totally normal response to physical and sometimes emotional stimuli. Sex with John Watson, however, that was altogether a different breed of horse. His body, he was pleased to note, was reacting quite favourably to John, but John's desires also mattered, so he didn’t want to do anything that John didn’t- oh. This new development meant that John was enjoying the things that Sherlock was currently doing to him. Good, this was good.
Hyde and Alaasdair both started talking at the same time. “Go ahead.” Hyde deferred to Alasdair. “It should. Vampirism is a form of magic. Science most believe is another sort of magic, alchemy if you will. What caused all of this was a curse, magic. Therefore I believe it can work on us.”
John quickly released himself from his trousers and pants, standing up he entered Sherlock with a hard thrust. Sherlock wasn’t nearly wet enough and it hurt a little for the both of them.
“But John, I don’t have any other hearts to place there.”
Fíona looked at John the same way Sherlock did when he thought John was being slow. “I didn’t John. Just as I didn’t creep into your bed.”
“Yes.”
“It was, except…”
“Oh Sherlock, you’ve been bested by Liam. He’s the best bluffer I know. Why do you think I keep him around?”
"Samantha, could I have the room when the two of them please?"
“After we’ve had breakfast I would like to maybe sit and discuss the case a bit.”
John gave a small smile, “Okay, then let’s prep me.” John moved to lay on his back when Sherlock grasped his bicep.
He sat down on one of the benches thinking. If he was going to be honest with himself and he should be, he was in love with John. Had probably been so since the beginning, all of the uncomfortable situations he put John in with his dates, all the times he faked an emergency just to cause problems for him and his girlfriends. All the times he found himself staring at his best friend and thinking to himself how lucky he was to have him as a friend. It wasn’t enough for Sherlock. He was far too jealous for it to simply be friendship between John and himself.
“Course not, we all know that. But I suggest we all go shake the tree so to speak before it's too late.”
John stripped down to his pants and climbed into Sherlock’s bed. He laid on his back with his hands tucked beneath his head. Sherlock stared at him for a long moment before he started to strip down himself. But when he got to his trousers he blushed a bit and excused himself snatching up his pyjama bottoms and escaping to the bathroom. John chuckled because he wouldn’t have thought Sherlock was shy. When Sherlock returned and turned off the lights John held out his arms.
“Just papa princess.” John corrected, the smile evident in his voice.
“Oh him? He knew my name, was questioning me about us!”
“Well, that’s when it gets- odd.”
“You were saying?” Sherlock asked giving the full weight of his suspicious gaze to Alasdair.
Sherlock sat John on his feet and then sat on the edge of the wall that was on their right. "Sit down John."
Samantha nodded her head but said nothing. John gave her a tour of the building showed her to her room and left. He met Mansi and Delma at the front entrance. “What are your impressions of her?”
Sherlock said nothing. He stared at John for a few heartbeats and then leant forward pressing a quick kiss to his lips. When he pulled away he was staring at John’s lips and smiling. “Let’s go.”
“Who in their right mind would want to be the only judge? That is a lot of weight.” John disputed.
Mansi gave a small bow and sat down beside the woman. Delma remained standing, arms crossed.
John turned to face Sherlock, it gave them a little more room that way. “We don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want. I’m just...my mind is blown.”
John smiled at Sherlock. “I think also you may feel that way Sherlock because of the fact that you don’t get any vibes from either of them. Plus you’re practical.”
John ignored the obvious bait. He couldn’t take the man up on his not so subtle offer. He worked at the surgery and his hours were never consistent. “I could be an alcoholic.” he offered.
Sherlock had no words. His eyes fluttered close on their own accord as John bottomed out. He'd never felt so full and stretched. John was kissing his face and neck, and the saintly man was shaking, probably with the effort from trying not to move. Sherlock took the reins in hand and rolled his hips up, drawing a low groan from John. “I am not fragile John.”
John looked up from where he had moved to the ground with Rosie. “It’s okay, Sherlock. Don’t ever apologise for your emotions.”
“Please, look after Rosie? I know I’ve asked a lot recently but Sherlock’s just left and I think...well, something might happen.”
John took the order and paid, passing Sherlock’s card back to him.
Smith put a hand around Sherlock’s throat. He wasn’t squeezing, not yet, but holding it in a show of dominance. “Say it. Say you don’t want to die.” Sherlock didn’t comply. His mind whirled, trying to get out of the predicament. He wished for John. “Say it.” His voice lowered, his hand tightening a little.
“Right, well.” John lowered his eyes. “Mycroft should be here soon.”
“It kind of is,” Sherlock said. “It’s a song about the day after. When most of the Christmas spirit is gone.” The irony was not lost on Sherlock, seeing as John would leave shortly after Christmas.
“You don’t want to break up?”
“Who will it be tonight?”
*****
“Sorry, what?”
“We won’t find any,” Sherlock told him. “It’s Christmas Eve. Everywhere will be sold out.”
“No.”
Sherlock shook his head, feeling ashamed all of a sudden. “I am a genius, John, but I don’t know everything.”
“I think so.”
“I just came to tell you that I’m going to see Harry.” This perplexed him. Heat rose in his face.
“Fine,” Sherlock said.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock said.
“Exactly,” John said viciously, curling his lip.
“For Mary, of course.” She frowned disapprovingly. “Don’t tell me you didn’t get invited?”
“John’s wife died, and you seemed to know him. At least I know he was your patient. I need you to tell me what to do. What the protocol for this situation is.”
“Okay, well, that’s cool,” John said, still affronted.
He didn’t hear Sherlock moving around as he put the kettle on. Rosie babbled to herself from the other room, but other than that it was silent. He hadn’t bothered to make a fire before he had left, and it appeared that Sherlock hadn’t either.
“It’s quiet. I can tell people secrets, you see. And they won’t judge me.”
This chapter definitely wasn't supposed to be this long. My plan was originally to have chapters four and five be combined, but obviously that didn't work out. There was just too much that needed to happen. And I'm okay with that.
“That’s not really Christmas-y,” John said. “Can I turn it off?”
“Sherlock…”
“I don’t know either.” He wrapped a hand around his coffee and thought about everything. It was time to figure out his feelings, once and for all. It was only fair to Sherlock.
“Wait!” Sherlock called, setting down the violin. John didn’t wait. He walked out the door. Sherlock collapsed onto his chair and shut his eyes. He could feel the cocaine high starting to ebb away. He squeezed his eyes tight and waited for the inevitable. The hollow feeling started to return. His chest grew heavy. When he opened his eyes, John’s chair was gone.
“After...we got home. He asked to kiss me.”
“What what is?” Sherlock feigned ignorance.
“Oh, of course,” she said.
“How is Harry?” Sherlock asked.
John immediately sat up and pulled Sherlock upwards with him. “I never said that. I said awful things, but nothing like that. I’d remember if I did.”
“What else do we want?” John asked, coming to stand next to him.
“I thought we already established that I would do anything for you.”
The funeral didn’t start until nine, but he got out of bed anyways. He stumbled to his wardrobe, pulled out a black shirt.
John stood up. “Absolutely.”
“Where’s John?” She peered out into the night before firmly shutting the door. “I would’ve thought he would be with you.” Sherlock pressed his eyes shut, turning his face towards the stairs so it wouldn’t show anything he was currently feeling. Her words cut him to the bone, made him feel as though he was seeping raw emotion straight from inside him.
“I’m sorry for shooting you that time, I’m really sorry.”
“Yes, fine. It was just Mycroft.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but turned around. John began to speak. “Sherlock,” he said. “You’ve-I mean-” he stammered. This was going to be more difficult than he had bargained for. He wasn’t good at anything having to do with feelings. His best course of action was probably honesty. “These past few years with you have been the best years of my life.” Sherlock’s shoulders stiffened. “With the obvious exception of the two when you were dead.” John winced. Sherlock started to turn around.
“You might kill yourself!” Mycroft’s voice rose to match his.
“I’m fine.” But if his deductions were right, he would be far from fine.
John gently hit him on the shoulder. “There won’t be a murder. Today will be perfect.”
John followed him into the sitting room. Sherlock sat down. John sat in his chair and hung his head, pressing his hand into his eyes. Sherlock wanted to hug him. He ached to wrap John’s body in his own. Whisper that things were okay. He wasn’t sure John would like that, though, so he didn’t move. Just watched as John slowly came back to himself.
That wasn’t the reason. John didn’t want to celebrate it. Childhood trauma, perhaps? Or something more? Feeling unworthy of celebration? Sherlock thought John was probably the person who was the most worthy of celebration.
“Yeah, fine. Allergies.”
The bright sunlight woke John up, and he squinted. The sheets smelled familiar, comforting, and with a start he realized that he had actually fallen asleep in Sherlock’s bed. Sherlock would be incredibly angry with him. He turned his head automatically to see if Sherlock was next to him. He wasn’t. With a sigh, John slid out of bed, surprised that he didn’t hear strains of a violin coming from the living room.
“And what do you see of this fight?” John asked.
John stood behind Sherlock holding him around the waist, it allowed the vampire to speak to Liam, although with the height difference you really only saw his arms.
John gave a lopsided grin, “This is nowhere near as good as
“You’re crazy. You know that.”
“At one point I thought everyone could but I still believe she can. Even if it isn’t a common skill.”
The medicine man had unofficially become John’s doctor and Sherlock didn’t know who else to speak to about this. He thought about calling Liam but remembered he had punishments to deal out he couldn’t be bothered right now.
“Tempting. But I feel very tired. Knackered.” John stifled a yawn.
Things only got worse over time. The gap between Sherlock and himself. John suspected they were both to be blamed, Sherlock needed space because he couldn’t stand to see John with anyone else. And he, because he couldn’t stand to see himself not with Sherlock.
Sitting up John kept his right hand to the ground and opened his eyes, momentarily staring at his friend lying deathly still before him. He concentrated, trying to see Otaktay’s aura. He and Otaktay had only had one lesson in auras. He had been told how to see one's aura, but he had never had the need to attempt to see one for himself. He had been told seeing auras was either like second nature or extremely hard to do. John stared at the tree behind Otaktay, not looking directly at his friend as instructed, slowly he saw a slight haze around Otaktay’s body, almost like the shivers you see in the air when gas is present. He continued to stare at the tree and the haze came more into focus. It was a lively vivid violet color equally mixed with green. Otaktay's aura was nothing like John expected, he’d expected a single color first of all, but Otaktay’s aura was also streaked with thin ribbons of color. Muddy looking colors that looked out of place in the vibrant violet and green. There was streaks of brown, silver, yellow, and black. John asked Sherlock to remember the colors as he called them out to him. Dipping the fingertips of his right hand into his cupped left hand, John scooted closer to Otaktay waving his hand in the air around the man as if he was painting with the magic.
Sherlock turned, tears in his eyes, soul laid bare. He would take John’s condemnation head on, he was sure this was all he was deserving of anyways.
Realization hit John in the stomach and he deflated in his seat, slumping in his seat, this man must be Sherlock partner or worse case scenario husband. John was sure he could take him in a fight but he didn’t want any problems. And this man looked the sort to have other people do his dirty work. He hoped it didn’t come to that. “I uh, have none I suppose. What’s it to you?”
Alasdair walked in a tight circle, lightly pulling on his hair, this seemed to be a nervous habit of his. “I don’t get it. I sense no life from Mansi yet her body remains.”
Sherlock stiffened. He wasn’t sure if he was ready for that. They had kissed, and sure he wouldn’t mind doing it again, but weren't they moving too fast?
John finally closed the door and walked to his chair and dropped into it. He was so tired. He hadn’t realized he had closed his eyes until he felt a blanket covering him. Peeking out of one eye he saw Sherlock looking down at him, he had a peculiar look on his face. Too tired to analyze what he saw John snuggled into the blanket and slept.
“Oh. In all fairness, it would have been nice to know that in advance.”
“How are you feeling John?”
John suddenly yanked Sherlock’s trousers down to his ankles and turned him around so that his chest was flush to the door. Sherlock expected John to enter him right then and there, but surprised didn't cover what he felt when he felt the tip of John's tongue as he spread him open, the tip circling his entrance. He gasped loudly, this was new.
“Why would I lie?”
John stepped in close, angled his head as if he was about to kiss Sherlock, but instead he whispered “I could show you how much of a rise you get out of me, but I think it is too soon for that,” against his lips.
Excitedly Sherlock turned fully to face the other man, placing a hand on his forearm. “Exactly! Oh, what I wouldn’t give for some help on my cases. By someone who sees and observes, or at the very least pays attention.”
“For that, I would need you to sit up.”
“His mobile phone. You could’ve just put it in there.”
“As did I. Well, no, she touched me when I first found her in real life. She punched my arm in greeting.” Otaktay added.
Sherlock gave a small strained smile.
John held out his hand. “What?” Sherlock frowned at him.
“What else is bothering you?”
John blushed under the intensity of Sherlock’s blue gaze. “You’re all Rosie has talked about, you and her lessons.” After a brief awkward silence John thought to add, “We would’ve come sooner but with the heavy rain I didn’t think it wise.”
John didn’t feel like he was getting through, there was no echo or answering words or images from her. He redoubled his efforts.
John saw the look of panic cross Sherlock’s face. He didn’t want him to feel overwhelmed or pressured to do something he didn’t want to. They would get to that eventually.
There was a quiet knock at his bedroom door, glancing at the clock beside his bed he frowned, John should be at dinner with Mycroft. And Ms Hudson was out of town. "Come in."
“So, why did
John was on his feet gathering their coat and jacket, they needed to check the location out. Turning back to Sherlock to see what was keeping him, the sight that greeted him all but broke his heart. Sherlock was sitting up clutching at a pillow, his eyes held unshed tears and his face was flush with emotion. Rushing to Sherlock’s side he went down on his knees, taking Sherlock’s hands in his own. “Sherlock, I’m here, I’m better now. You don’t have to worry about me taking my life. Do you hear me? Look at me Sherlock, listen to what I’m telling you. I will not leave you.”
Sherlock opened one eye to look at John, instead of answering he yanked John’s towel loose so that it pooled around his knees.
“No, no. I think I shall like to give it a go. Starting tonight.”
“So, I’m guessing by your earlier wordage you have already made your offer, and they accepted?”
“John.”
“John, how-”
An hour later both John and Sherlock were showered and lying down.
“Sorry?”
“Just as O said earlier, he said she was a black hole to him.”
her.”
“Nothing. Everything's perfect.” It was but a whisper, but Sherlock heard him loud and clear.
"Boring. And it's aubergine and mother of pearl. We should be bold! This one! This one here, bold aubergine coloured flowers, with the crochet tie and netting details."
“Well, on that note-”
“Proving your point. Over and over again if I remember correctly.”
“The problem is me. I sometimes get restless when I sleep. Toss and turn.”
“I noticed Raynes instant dislike for Samantha when she walked in. I noticed she didn’t so much as concern herself with you Hyde.”
“But what about the kiss?” his mind questioned.
"You sure seemed to be up a lot, I guess you didn't get much sleep," Sherlock added haughtily.
John waited until he felt Hyde and Samantha was far enough away then he spoke up. “Is it me or is Hyde like a totally new person?”
They laid in companionable silence for a long while. Finally, Sherlock had to break the silence with what he was thinking. “This is nice.”
“Pity.”
“I can’t say for sure but it’ll be a start. Why would you put her in a coma just to help us wake her?”
“Sherlock, what did you see when you held John's hand? You gasped right before he passed out.”
Mycroft spoke up, “Aren’t you concerned with having her so close? What if she becomes agitated, you know how you get John.”
“Can we send him a message telling him we miss him and can’t wait until he’s here?”
Rosie scrunched up her face in thought and then without warning stuck her hand under the cover and placed it over Sherlock's heart. Warmth spread from her hand to his body.
“Mike!”
“It isn’t Christmas yet, we have twelve days yet.”
“And I would have missed out on a great thing. Sleep John.” Sherlock placed a kiss against John’s temple. “Je t’amie beaucoup.”
"Don't be. Thank you." Sherlock whispered the words and pulled away. Louder he said, "This is why you are the judge. Wise in so many ways. Loving to a fault, I don't deserve you."
The men were silent for a while.
“Also, Alasdair is a hybrid of some sort. He can shift as the lycanthropes do and he is a vampire. He claims he can shift into any animal form.” John filled Sherlock in on what Alasdair had told him in the gym as they had worked out.
“I’m scared Sherlock.”
“And?”
“John! I- it's too much. I was wrong!”
“I've often wondered who John was, now I see. You and I are very different, I don't see the appeal.”
John looked at Sherlock questioningly.
John fisted his hands in the front of Sherlock’s crisp white button up, it had gotten dirty from digging in the ground but John didn't let that deter him from kissing him back just as leisurely as if they had all the time in the world.
"Certainly. I will be outside."
“How about when Otaktay took your hand, John?”
"I don't know what you mean."
John slammed his hand on the counter and the woman jumped, “Sorry, sorry. I know about the wedding, I am here for the bloody wedding." After taking a deep breath John tried again, "Is there nothing you can do? Please.”
“Ahh, so you’re available then?”
“Actually, Liam. Delma and I have been doing the same. We have been the only people staying there. Sorry, but we have made it in all the rooms but one.”
The option how to deal with the situation was taken out of both of their hands when the morning wake up call sounded through the room. Both men jumped startled. They both now knew the other was awake.
John pulled back slapping Sherlock on the arse. Dipping his head again he ran his tongue along Sherlock's perineum, causing Sherlock to buck against the door. “Do you like that Sherlock?”
Samantha seemed to give his question some thought before answering. “Well, I reckon part of it is seeing Otaktay appear outta thin air every night. I thought he was a ghost until the last time when he showed up wearing clothes. He told me all about y’all and the fight and that he thought I might be a part of it.”
“John, just get to it.”
“I thought today would never get here.”
John sat on the bed waiting for Sherlock to return.
“Who is
No one had heard from Hyde since he had given word to Liam that he was chasing a lead; that was until today.
Sherlock smiled at Mrs. Hudson and then looked up at Mycroft. “Thank you for showing me a bit of mercy.”
“Guilt. Having you next to me reminded me that it is not my fault.”
“He is wretched. It’s true that he doesn’t bother me directly and he leaves my area to me, but I have witnessed the things he does to his food before eating them. And he has a nasty penchant for getting rid of anything I become attached to, be it an animal or object. This is why I took great care in keeping Rosie-”
Rayne went to stand up but Lestrade grabbed her hand holding her back. No one else made a move to get up so Mycroft did huffing as he went.
“I’m going to-”
Mike looked like he was about to burst with the need to say something. “What is it?”
“Hmm?”
“Sincerity. Regret. But the weirdest emotion I picked up was love. I don’t know if it was love for Alasdair, us, her brother. But, what makes this so hard is since I don’t get anything from Alasdair I have to base everything on the way he treats us and my gut instinct.”
Changing the subject John looked at Samantha, she was almost done with her food. “Hey Sam, what do you think of Alasdair?”
“Excuse me, Eva, but-”
Seeing that Otaktay wasn’t in the room John went to check on Sherlock and that was where he found Otaktay, sitting on the edge of the bed staring at Sherlock.
“Yes. I would like to knows that as well.” Sherlock chimed in sliding his hand into John’s.
“It’s fine Sherlock. Just remove the platter and leave the flowers and candles.”
“What? No. Eat your food, I didn’t slave over my phone ordering food for you to just ignore it.”
Otaktay shook him from behind.
John was looking through the rest of his emails as he answered, “Nope. Not since last week. Once a week Sherlock, you know that is the arrangement.”
John got Sherlock's meaning loud and clear. Grinning down at the infuriating detective John slid slowly out and then thrust hard and quick. “Is this what you want Sherlock? A quick, hard shag?” John slowed his strokes and kissed Sherlock reverently, “Or, will you allow me to make love to you slowly and thoroughly?”
“John you are capable of a great many things. And now that you no longer have to babysit me you can really shine.”
“You didn’t fancy him, you didn’t spare him two glances.”
“Then why did you need me while at the warehouse?”
He had thought Sherlock was lost to him, and then, he’d turned up at the restaurant,  interrupting his proposal to Mary, all he could think about was Sherlock's words,
“Maybe, can’t really tell. I sense sincerity from her but I also feel she is hiding something still.”
John gave a nervous laugh and scratched the back of his neck. "Uh yeah, only the second time if you can believe that. We figured it's a bloody wedding; we should at least kiss. So we figured we need to become accustomed to doing so."
“I feel we have no choice in the matter. I need to heal Otaktay if at all possible.”
In response John splashed a hand full of water at Sherlock, laughing at the look of surprise on the other man’s face. “What was that you were saying, Sherlock? Less talk more play?”
“John, please lis-”
“I will always love you, Rosie, no matter where you are or where I am. Love doesn’t stop because you aren’t with the person you love. Stop crying now. I will talk to your dada and the giant. If I find a way to come, I will come. Rain or none. Snowfall or sunshine. Okay?” Sherlock tipped little Rosie’s face up so he could look her in the eyes. Her young eyes held his, seeming to look into his soul and weigh it. Whatever she saw must have satisfied her because she gave him a watery smile and held up her tiny pinky. Sherlock smiled back and wrapped his finger around hers, silently agreeing to be held to his promise.
“Maybe Liam will know, shall we ask him?”
John watched as Sherlock moved Otaktay and then half reclined on the bed holding out his arms for him to join him.
“Please J-Johnnnn, I ne-”
Fíona smiled benevolently, “Something more. Remember my family was amongst some of the strongest druids. Take care of your family.” Fíona disappeared.
"I heard him tell Alasdair that he did as he was told. He'd slept with me several times and believed I was now more pliant."
John nervously got dressed. He was about to admit to Sherlock that he loved him. The man was so bloody brilliant, John was sure Sherlock already knew. Maybe Rosie wouldn’t be able to get the letter to him and John wouldn’t have to worry about Sherlock reaction.
John sat back down and looked Sherlock in his tear-filled eyes and said, “I will not go back to that insipid party while the one person I want to be with most is out here upset. Please, Sherlock, tell me why you’re upset. Was it something I did? Something I didn’t do?” John watched as tears streaked down Sherlock’s face as his bottom lip trembled with restrained emotion. “Sherlock I can’t shake the feeling that I did something wrong. All I want to do is make it right. To make your tears stop falling, to stop your lip from trembling.
“He ran away.” At Lestrade's gasp, he hurriedly added, “But he can back and apologised for running away and he let me kiss him again. Then he made us breakfast.”
Sherlock smiled and tossed the covers aside, revealing the fact that he wasn’t only shirtless he was completely nude. “I ruined the only pair of pyjamas I brought.” He explained.
“John,”
“Yes, mother.”
Once they were on the road again Liam asked, “Was there no sign of Samantha?”
John had been gone a little longer than he had intended but he had stopped to pick up some food from the grocer's. He wouldn’t be surprised if Sherlock had already opened the box and was halfway to a theory. But when he walked in the door Sherlock was half laying half sitting up asleep on the couch. John approached, bending low to brush a kiss across Sherlock’s upturned lips. It seemed to him that Sherlock’s lips had been made for kissing. John stood up before he could give in to the desire to kiss the sleeping man again.
“I love my boys. You make me so proud.”
Sherlock had sat in his usual chair but John instead of sitting across from him sat on the couch.
Sherlock knew he looked embarrassed. But he was doubly so because they were discussing this in front of Samantha and he just didn't consider her a part of their crew. To appear out of control in front of a stranger angered him.
John shrugged his shoulders feeling a lot like a kid.
"He told me to help plan it as if I was the one getting married. Taking Mycroft out of the equation, which arrangement do you like better?"
"I'm sorry Samantha. That wasn't very nice of Hyde."
Hyde was in human form and he noticed Samantha looking at him curiously. He walked over to the woman offering his hand, “Hi Samantha, I’m Hyde, we met virtually.” Samantha’s eyes got big with realization. “Don’t worry I don’t bite, in this form.”
“Sherlock, have you ever been out of this house? Ever visited down below?”
“Sorry to arrive unannounced but he insisted on seeing you.”
John took the cover off of his plate, there were oysters, Thai fried rice, as well as fish and chips. All of their favorite foods, the only thing missing was some sweets. He picked up a chip and could feel Sherlock watching him. “You sure this isn’t an experiment or some kind of trick?”
Instead of sitting down Sherlock grabbed a bottle from the worktop. “I almost forgot the wine.” He smiled nervously as he poured John a glass and then himself before sitting down again.
“I believe it to be a ploy of my dear wife. She met up with Sherlock and John at some point and has convinced them that she could help bring Mansi and Otaktay back. She gave them a vial of her blood, and they injected it into Mansi. I wouldn’t doubt if she has tried to poison them away from our little alliance.”
“So.” It was said without Sherlock’s usual malice, just a tired response.
She smiled brightly. “Told you!”
“Your bed is cold.”
“I do not know, evidently.” Sherlock crossed his arms, attempting to wall off John from asking more questions. Or talking. Because Sherlock was certain he did not want to talk about this with John.
The cab pulled up to the park, and John handed the cabbie some money. “Keep the change.” The cabbie smiled at him, and John nodded, scanning for Sherlock. He prayed that Sherlock hadn’t...that he hadn’t...no. He couldn’t have. Not because of that. He made his way to the river as fast as he could, hoping Sherlock would still be there. He was.
“Yes?” He was sitting on his chair, in his bathrobe.
“Yeah, I think that’s best. It’s just, well, you know.” John gave a little shrug.
“I so like you,” she gasped. “Did I ever say?”
“That’s the nicest thing anyone’s ever said to me,” John murmured into his chest.
Sherlock stood up and placed his plate in the sink.
because of me. You’re
“Shut up,” Sherlock growled. “He was here. I know he was. I saw him. I talked to him.”
“I agree.”
““O Holy Night,”” Sherlock said simply.
And then he cursed himself for thinking that. John wouldn’t want that. Of course he wouldn’t. As much as Sherlock wanted to slip his hand into John’s, lace their fingertips together, it wasn’t something that could happen.
“What guy?”
John laughed again. “Just because you didn’t know that Earth orbited the sun doesn’t mean that there are too many planets.”
John chuckled. “True.” He took a sip of wine. Sherlock had had most of his glass already. “So. When?”
“Breakfast?” Sherlock tugged at his hand to lead him to the kitchen.
“Thank you.” John gave him a quick kiss and then pointed to the door.
“I can give you a pass for today, to get settled. But tomorrow you must go.”
said a third. John kept these. Obviously. In the same drawer that he kept his gun in. Sherlock cocked his head.
“I’m glad you and Harry are back together,” Sherlock responded, finally.
“I did, remember? And you said you were flattered but-”
“What is it?”
“Okay.”
“Mary…”
Enjoy!
“Good,” Sherlock said, and settled down in his chair to wait. “Make it an eight percent solution. I need something stronger.” Wiggins raised his eyebrows at him, but said nothing.
“For what?”
Word count: 5,701
“I’m fine,” Sherlock repeated. “You can go now.” He hoped John wouldn’t. He hoped John would read right through him, hoped John would say that he wasn’t going anywhere. But John switched the light back off and left the room, closing the door quietly without so much as a protest.
“No!” She frowned at him. “She’s never expressed running away, or anything like that.” Sherlock scanned her. Single mom, divorced seventeen years ago. Lawyer, tried not to work long hours. A good mother, very supportive.
“Do what?” John was very alarmed now. His body was rigid and upright, watching Sherlock stalk back and forth across the floor. “Be...friends?” He sounded panicked at that idea.
“Caught me kissing another boy.” The words rushed out of his mouth. It was almost as if he had hesitated he never would have told her.
*****
John was fully dressed and standing near the table when Sherlock came out of the shower. He was too lazy to change into anything more than his pyjamas and a dressing gown. Rosie was squirming in John’s arms.
“You could have brought her,” Sherlock said.
John stood above him, looking concerned. Sherlock tried to control his breath. “Hello, John,” he managed to say. “You’re late.”
They ended up near the window. Below them, the street was deserted. Rosie pressed a hand to the windowpane and then recoiled. “It’s cold,” Sherlock told her. She reached out again, so maybe it wasn’t too bad. Sherlock watched her as she watched the street while they waited for John.
“I’m not doing anything.”
“Yes, well,” Sherlock said. “She does deserve the best, doesn’t she?”
“No.”
When the cab pulled up to the Barts, he immediately leapt out onto the pavement. His shoes clicked against the ground as he hurried in. The hospital was strangely empty, most of the lights in the hallways turned off. Molly met him at the entrance to the morgue. She’d been crying. Her face was tearstained and her eyes were red. She gave him a watery smile.
Molly knew. Mycroft knew. Lestrade probably knew.
“Sherlock! Finally coming back to the restaurant?”
*****
“Thank you,” Sherlock said again. “Though you are strangely hung up on her.”
“I’m fine,” he said, which was a lie. He hated how his voice shook, absolutely hated it.
“You’ve been using again.”
The notes flowed out of him. The violin was always a good way to get his emotions out without anyone else knowing, and he found this time to be no exception. Sherlock subconsciously let his feelings for John seep into the music. The lullaby appeared to be keeping Rosie quiet. She stared at him, utterly transfixed. So he played it through a second time, then a third. Her concentration never wavered. He slipped away into his own mind, thinking about John. If he closed his eyes, he could pretend that John was also watching him and loving him. Truly loving him, the way he wanted to be loved.
Sherlock tried to add silently, but his mouth wouldn’t cooperate.
That was more or less what Sherlock had expected. “All right,” he said softly. John reached out with his other hand and gently touched the scar above Sherlock’s eyebrow.
“What’s this?” John asked him.
“I’m teasing, love,” John said gently. He offered his arm to Sherlock. Sherlock took it.
Sherlock’s cheeks were flushed and he was breathing heavily when they separated. John thought he had never looked more beautiful. Sherlock gently tipped his forehead forward until it was resting on John’s. John smiled shyly. “I guess Irene isn’t really your type,” he said, smirking. Sherlock didn’t do anything for a second, and in that moment John wildly wondered if he’d made a horrible miscalculation. It turned out to be okay, because shortly afterward John could feel Sherlock’s body rumbling with laughter underneath him.
“Seeing as the murders are in chronological order, I think it will be at the Page Heath Villas in Bromley. Gerry Edwards.” Sherlock shut his eyes tightly. He had several suspicions about what would come after that, but didn’t voice any of them. No need to worry John, after all.
Sherlock never stopped needing John.
A firm hand on his arm brought him back to the present. Wiggins was leaning over him, whispering something. “What?” Sherlock snapped.
“Sherlock?”
John followed Mycroft up the stairs. He barely had time to marvel at the grandeur of it all because Mycroft was walking extremely quickly. Mycroft stopped abruptly in front of a plain white door. Shut. He nodded for John to go in, and John swallowed.
“And you’re sure they’re not playing
Wiggins kept his voice low. “They’re coming soon. I’m sorry. I had to call them.”
“Nope. Shot him in the shoulder. Figured it would be good to get a confession, and I didn’t want murder charges.”
“You were on drugs,” he said, softly. “That’s bound to mess with your memories.” He left the room. Sherlock stared at the wall.
His voice cracked.
If John noticed the specific verb choice, he didn’t say. “I wish you had.”
John shook his head. “No, a different woman. Her name’s Julia. Anyways. I’m working on my anger issues. I’ll never forgive myself for what I did to you.”
“Christ,” John said again. “Of course, I won’t blog about it.”
- The Cure
“It’s not?” Sherlock looked at him for the first time. His eyes lost some of their dullness, replaced by glimmerings of hope.
Sherlock took a seat in the pew behind the others. Wiggins sat down next to him. He had been unusually silent, and Sherlock had nearly forgotten he was there. In front of him were the sounds of muffled crying. Grandparents. And an uncle. He shrugged off his coat, laying it on the bench next to him. He folded his hands in his lap, suddenly wishing that he had picked up a schedule from the foyer. The coffin-no, casket, more rectangular-in the front of the room was a polished light wood. Sherlock presumed it was handsome, though he wasn’t certain.
“Because it’s true.” She walked over to him and placed a hand on his shoulder. “I have to go. AA.” She smiled nervously. “Good luck.” She waved at Rosie.
“You might want to brush your teeth,” John said, looking anywhere but at Sherlock.
“Goodnight,” Sherlock whispered.
John winced. “Right. Never mind.”
John sucked in a breath. “Christ.”
“You mean…”
Sherlock decided that he didn’t much care for Smith. Everything about the man radiated distrustfulness. His tone was off. His wording was off. Letters swirled around his head, but Sherlock wasn’t able to piece them together quite yet. “Is it? Someone’s been murdered in your hospital. Surely you’re concerned.” It wasn’t a question.
“Good,” Mycroft said. “Are you with him?”
John laughed. “Of course, you’d like that. But can I skip it?”
John sighed and tightened his grip on Sherlock’s hand. “I don’t know, Sherlock.”
“Sorry, Mr. Holmes, I can’t do that.” His voice was smooth in Sherlock’s ear, and Sherlock vomited onto the table. The substance filled his mouth and he spat, once, to get rid of it. He was in agony. Every atom in his body burned.
He made his way into the sitting room, but didn’t spend much time in there. It was, after all, the place where John had attacked him. The coffee table had been pushed over onto the spot where Sherlock had bled onto the carpet. He lifted one end. His blood still stained the pale carpet. John had obviously made an effort to remove it but wasn’t entirely successful. He replaced the coffee table.
He could hear Mycroft raising his eyebrows. “Gifts?”
“Okay,” John said slowly. “Okay, Sherlock. I’ll take that at face value.”
“Follow me.”
“It is for me!” He scowled at her and stopped pacing for a moment. “Don’t you understand? It is what I need to do.”
“Go,” John said, finally. “Just go.” His voice was breaking, cracking, shattering. Sherlock’s stomach hardened and twisted. He felt like he might vomit.
“You mean…”
John laughed harshly. “You know why. So explain yourself.”
“You love me?”
Well. John couldn’t argue with that. “Let’s not talk about this right now.” Sherlock hesitated, then lowered his eyes. John knew that look. His mind was racing, threatening to overwhelm him. He was trying to deflect. Sherlock needed time to think things through and sort out everything John had told him. “Would you like to watch a movie?”
I'm going to try to update this once a week, but it might be closer to once every two weeks. It'll depend on how busy I am and how much time (and motivation) I have to write. I don't have a chapter count quite yet, but I think it will be longer than what I've previously written. Once again, each chapter will feature drugs and suicide. It will only get worse from here. :)
“Visiting Mary’s grave. Obviously,” he said. Shit. The high was starting to wear away. Lestrade would surely notice.
He knew why John avoided talking about what he did to Sherlock. He knew why John was afraid of himself. He knew why John was reluctant to accept what happened in his flat, and why he never brought it up. He knew everything. That didn’t make it acceptable, not when Sherlock was still hurting from it, but at least he understood. It all stemmed from one thing:
“You okay?” John asked.
This chapter is a bit darker than the first one. John thinks that Sherlock might have turned to drugs again. There are multiple mentions of drugs and mentions of previous suicidal thoughts. Nothing happens, but suicide is mentioned.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Yes, yes, yes.” He kept up the dance, his heart pounding. “You surprise me.”
John shifted forwards as if he was about to hit Sherlock. Sherlock flinched. “Should’ve thought about that, hm? Before you did what you did?”
“You know what I mean,” he said, not being able to resist. He didn’t have the time for this. John was somewhere, and Sherlock wasn’t with him. He had no way of knowing if John was okay. Physically, not mentally, because of course he wasn’t okay mentally.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes,” she said firmly. “Now, get in the boot.”
“Fine.”
“Is there going to be a funeral?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, stiffly. “Oh, and if my brother asks where I am-Mycroft Holmes-please do not tell him. You have patient confidentiality, do you not?”
She took a deep breath. “You shouldn’t go.”
“Okay.” Barely more than a whisper.
Sherlock blinked back tears and held his head high. He opted not to call a cab. He had been walking a lot more than usual. Cabs were painful. He only took one if he really thought he needed to, such as he did after Ella’s.
“Smith-he did this-” Sherlock rasped. It hurt to talk. “His fault-not good-”
“John and Rosie will be spending Christmas at Baker Street.”
Sherlock’s fingers traced over the seams of his blanket as he waited for morning. He lost himself in his mind palace, not moving until the first rays of light streamed in through his open window.
Sherlock jumped out of his chair. “A murder! Excellent!” he said to the room at large. “Brilliant! With an already-suspected convict!”
Sherlock stood up, breathing heavily. “I don’t want help processing anything. Goodbye.” He stalked over to the door, pulling his coat off the hook on the wall.
“Yes, you,” Sherlock snapped. “If you do, get up. We’re leaving now.” He took note of the address at the end of the email, committing it to memory. He pulled on his coat and was about to exit the flat, but turned back to the kitchen and put more of the drug in his pocket. He didn’t know when he’d be back at Baker Street, and coming down from the high was simply unacceptable.
He injected himself the second Wiggins left, dropping the syringe back in the bowl. He set about preparing more as he wasn’t sure when Wiggins would be back, and he didn’t want to come down from the high for a long time. He wasn’t sure he could stand it.
Next update hopefully in a few days.
“Yes.” John smiled at him. His eyes were dark blue, watery, and so, so sad. “I was-am-in love with you.”
He closed his eyes briefly. He reached in the drawer and took out his gun, shoving it in his waistband, and then walked to the door. He grabbed his coat, and went downstairs. “Mrs. Hudson?”
Sherlock thought for a moment. “I might have some old lights in storage. I suppose I could take those out.”
“You’re only human, John,” Sherlock said. “I understand why you did it. It doesn’t make me see you as any less of a person.”
“I am,” John said, looking perplexed. “Why? You’ve asked that several times now.”
“Come sit,” he said instead.
He mulled it over in his head for hours. He tried to replay every conversation he’d ever had. The semi-awkward scene at Angelo’s. Sherlock at the wedding. All of it. His legs grew tired from leaning against the railing for so long, but he didn’t move. Hours later he came to the conclusion that none of this mattered if he couldn’t find Sherlock. He still had no idea what he thought about the whole scenario, but right now, he needed to find Sherlock. Sighing, he called Mycroft. Again.
When John didn’t say anything, Mrs. Hudson said, “I’ll be back later, Sherlock. Maybe with some tea?”
“That was fairly ridiculous,” Sherlock agreed. “But I didn’t want you to feel uncomfortable. I didn’t know if you felt that way.”
To know I’d lost you forever?”
His best-case scenario was that John would accept it. The most likely scenario was that John would tolerate it for a few seconds before pushing Sherlock’s hand away. John didn’t do any of that, though. His grip was firm against Sherlock, even when his fingertips were shaking. In return, Sherlock grasped his hand a little more tightly. John didn’t look at Sherlock.
It took John months to start acting ‘normal’ around Sherlock in public (though normal was a construct) and even longer for him to get comfortable with anything else. Sherlock worked in little touches here and there, a slight brush of fingers, a nudging of arms. Every touch sent warmth coursing through John’s body, and the spikes of fear that accompanied it were lessening with each time.
“I don’t want to die,” he choked out. Memories of the case with the cabbie flashed through his mind, briefly, suddenly. How John was there to save him. John wouldn’t save him now, not this time.
“John?” Sherlock’s sleepy voice cut through the silence. “That you?”
“Your chair is upstairs,” Sherlock blurted out.
“No. It’s not. But that doesn’t mean that everything has to be ruined.” Sherlock knew that things might not be perfect again, but the fact that he and John were actually having conversations instead of pushing things away was pretty damn amazing.
“I don’t have to,” Sherlock said, but knew that wasn’t true. Even if Smith didn’t kill him now, his body was deteriorating. The drugs were killing him slowly, and the most terrifying part of it all was that he simply didn’t care. He didn’t see a point in caring, in living.
*****
Sherlock gazed at him for a moment. “It bothers you.”
“My-my wedding?” John raised his eyebrows. “You knew at my wedding?”
The scathing remark was on the tip of his tongue. He didn’t say anything.
The silence stretched on and on, broken only by the uncomfortable sounds of others dining. There were few people in the restaurant, but all of them seemed to be making an unnecessary amount of noise. Sherlock hated it. He wished he could be back in his flat, suddenly, curled up in his chair with a good crime to solve. Anything to take his mind off of John. John, who was sitting across from him and decidedly not talking. John, who decided to compliment him. John, who had yet to apologise for breaking Sherlock’s ribs.
John had saved him. The man he loved most in this world. Sherlock would have no nightmares tonight.
Sherlock swallowed and then slowly, very slowly, readjusted himself so he was lying next to John. The bed was very small, resulting in them being pressed together along one side. Sherlock’s heart beat. He hoped John couldn’t hear it. John’s hand slid over the back of his hand and then flipped it over, intertwining their fingers. Sherlock had to close his eyes with the rush of emotion.
“London?” Wiggins must have confirmed this, because the officer said, “I’ll call NSY and have them send someone to meet us there.”
John sighed. “You’re not abnormal.”
“What?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly, but still he made no move other than to lean back a little. A reflex of sorts. A trickle of spit traced its way down John’s chin. The room was silent save for John’s ragged breathing. John held her and kissed her forehead. Sherlock slowly stepped away.
Sherlock shrugged. “Right. Just a way to break the ice, shall we say?”
“I love you too.” And then he said it again, just because he could. “I love you.” He couldn’t believe he was able to do this now.
Sherlock glanced up. Even that took effort. He was in pain, his whole body feeling like it was burning up. “Hello.”
“Yes, you. You took over my life, you insane, amazing, man. I found myself being more alive than I had in years. All due to you.” John swallowed, felt a lump in his throat. “I don’t know. What happened last night was years of internalized homophobia, I guess. It doesn’t excuse it, I know, but it’s an explanation. I’m sorry, Sherlock.” Sherlock’s eyes glistened and John smiled at him sadly. “I know I’ve messed up, I know
“John, I have another question,” Sherlock announced when they broke apart. “You said it was always me. When did you know?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft.
He was sitting by the phone, head in his hands, when the phone rang.
He composed it the night he came home from the wedding. He had come home, alone. He was preparing himself to almost never see John again. Sherlock had known previously that it would hurt, but he didn’t expect it to hurt like this. He had collapsed into his chair and shut his eyes.
“Hang on, you put mold samples in our
Sherlock pushed John’s head off his chest and got off the bed. “I’ll go make breakfast,” he announced. “Rosie will come with me. You can shower and get ready for the day.”
“He’s...in love with me.” John couldn’t help the small quirk of his lips at this. If he was honest, he quite liked the idea of Sherlock being in love with him.
“You did allow that,” Sherlock muttered, hating himself. He should just shut up now. He should accept John’s apology. It should make him feel better instead of making it feel like he’s splintering apart. He focused on the word
That gave Sherlock enough courage to roll over and say, “Ever?”
John laid there for as long as he could, determined to find out more about the song. He watched the minutes tick by on his clock. 10:56. 11:21. 11:47. When the clock struck midnight, he decided he would only lie in bed for a few more minutes. After that, he was going to find that music and find out what Sherlock had written.
Sherlock scrutinised the 23 April. That was today. Today was John’s birthday. And John had failed to mention it. Sherlock opened his eyes and frowned.
He swooped out of the room, Wiggins at his heels.
They both lay still in the quiet for a while. Warmth seemed to radiate from John’s body. His presence was, as always, comforting. John’s breath evened out. Until finally, he spoke.
*****
The next morning, Sherlock woke up to John clinging onto him. He was deeply asleep. Sherlock didn’t move, not even a little. He just waited. Soon enough, John woke up and smiled at him.
*****
“No matter.” Smith grinned. “There’s no need. Everything’s just fine.”
“It’s late.”
“You don’t have to,” John said. “You never have to. I promise.”
Enjoy!
“James Bond?” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but John thought he saw a momentarily flicker of relief cross his face.
It was a mark of how hurt Sherlock was that he didn’t protest. John had expected his anger to take over, expected Sherlock to yell at him or pretend he didn’t exist, but Sherlock did nothing. Absolutely nothing. It broke John’s heart. He sat there and waited, but Sherlock didn’t do anything besides put his head back down. John extended his hand to rub Sherlock’s back, thought better of it, and then put it on his own knee. Neither of them spoke for what felt like an eternity. The silence was stifling in the dimness, dust swirling in the streaks of sunlight coming in through between the curtains.
Sherlock didn’t realise how much he would miss John until he was gone. His urge to be with John was growing stronger each day. He needed John. He sunk to the bottom of the tub, wrapping his arms around his knees. Water streamed over him, flowed down his back and into his eyes. He wanted to crawl into John’s arm, press his face into John’s shoulder, feel safe again. He missed the fleeting touches. He missed the freedom they had on John’s stag night, when John’s inhibitions were lowered and he was feeling braver. Missed sitting next to him on the couch, his arm around John, John pressed up against his side. He needed a hug. He needed to be held. It was quite ironic, really, that the one time he got what he wanted was at John’s wedding.
“How? How, Sherlock? How can you be okay? If I lost someone like that, I’d be devastated.” He couldn’t help but think of losing Sherlock when he said that, how broken he would be.
“Yes, for me to get into another relationship. I’ve been thinking about it a lot, actually. I’ve always loved you, and I loved you even when I was with Mary. But six months isn’t all that long. But she shot you. But I want to be with you, and I have for years. So. I don’t know.”
Sherlock crawled upstairs and collapsed into a guest bedroom. John wouldn’t be able to find him here, and Mycroft could keep him out of the house if necessary. He couldn’t figure out which would be worse: John following him and telling him he didn’t feel the same way, or John not following him at all. For a moment he allowed himself to imagine that John would come find him, take Sherlock in his arms, and tell him, “of course I love you, you bloody idiot.” But the thought of that was too painful. He closed his eyes and wished he had his violin.
He stayed still in his chair, not wanting to overwhelm John. He ached to wrap him up like he did in the restaurant, but something told him that John would recoil and push him away. “It’s okay, John.” His breath came in sharp pants. He was terrified, he realised. Terrified that John wouldn’t be able to handle his emotions-not that Sherlock would blame him, he couldn’t imagine what John had been through-and he would leave. For good this time. One more wrong step from Sherlock, and John would walk right out the door forever.
“I wanted to see you.” John grabbed his toast and went over to the fridge to get eggs. Sherlock smirked at him and then took a bite.
“When you were looking at the ornaments.”
Warmth curled in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach. It wasn’t a date. He refused to let himself think it was a date. It was a celebration of John’s birthday.
“Lestrade should call soon,” Sherlock said flatly.
“No, I don’t know what that’s like,” Sherlock said, though maybe he did have a good idea of what losing someone felt like.
Then he started to grow angry. He slammed his hand onto the floor. He fucked
“I’m not an addict,” he growled. “I’m a user. I’m perfectly capable of quitting whenever I’d like.”
Sherlock cried into John’s shirt. John held him tightly.
“You are,” John said softly.
“You told me to get you at six thirty. It’s six thirty.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure how long he’d been walking. The night air was brisk and cold, and it felt good after the stifling heat of his sweat-soaked blankets. He longed for the nights spent in the countryside, where he could see the stars.
“What? No, I didn’t.” He put a hand to his forehead, beginning to think that this may have been a mistake. Harry was never ashamed of being gay. He wasn’t certain anymore that she would understand his ongoing crisis, but he didn’t have anyone else to go to.
A thought struck him when he was sitting in the cab. He didn’t make a list. Didn’t write down what he had taken, and now he couldn’t remember. Fear gripped his heart.
Sherlock pushed open the door to John’s room. He was met by the sight of John sprawled out in bed. Enough light came through the window to see that John’s face was pale and sweaty. His legs were tangled around his blankets. His fists were clenched into the sheets. Rosie lay sleeping in her cot at the foot of his bed. He marvelled at her ability to sleep through the noise.
“Can I sit down?”
“It’s not. Sherlock, no, it’s not.”
“Thank you for contacting me,” he said smoothly. “A case was just what I needed.”
John’s heart ached with the sweetness of it. Sherlock said it so effortlessly, as if it wasn’t the nicest sights John had ever seen. “That’s nice of you,” he said, his voice almost breaking.
“You have before,” John said. “You’ll be fine. You’re Sherlock Holmes, remember?” Normally, when John would say that, it was complimentary. But there was nothing but malice in his voice, now, and the words stung Sherlock more than he’d care to admit. “You can do anything, apparently. Cheat death.”
“Yes?” His hands momentarily stilled, the music coming to a halt.
“This conversation is getting nowhere,” Sherlock announced. He stood up, or rather attempted to. His head spun and he was forced to sit back down. Mycroft waited.
“I’m sorry.” John tilted his head slightly. “I’m just worried.” Sherlock had nothing to say to that, noting that John’s hand was still on his shoulder. He wondered if John knew he was doing that. “I wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“Sherlock?”
“I’m sure you are. Go away.”
Sherlock’s voice turned cold. He blocked out all the hurt he felt at John’s words, channelling it into anger instead. “I wouldn’t do that. Not with Rosie here. You can’t possibly think I would. You must have some faith in me. I am aware that I’m not perfect, but I also like to think that I’m not cruel. Getting high with you and your child in my flat is cruel. I would not do that.” Sherlock swung himself off the bed and pulled himself up to his full height, a few inches taller than John.
John flinched at that. “It’s late, Sherlock. Nearly midnight. And it’s raining.”
Word count: 4,936
Mrs. Hudson answered the door, looking quite alarmed. Her bathrobe was tied tightly around her waist. She clearly had been about to go to bed. Sherlock didn’t care. “What are you doing out here?” she said.
John told him that they most definitely did. Sherlock groaned, but complied, and by the time they were back at Baker Street, Sherlock was laden down with bags. John was carrying Rosie so he couldn’t help. The handles of the bags bit into Sherlock’s fingers and wrists, and he was glad when they got home.
They ended up taking Rosie to an Indonesian restaurant only a short cab ride away. Sherlock didn’t order anything for himself, but he did steal some of John’s food. John tried to stop him but eventually gave in, laughing and shaking his head.
“You don’t care?” Mycroft looked shocked. “This is worse than I thought.”
He was being forced to say goodbye, most likely for forever, and he and John didn’t have much time left. Ten minutes at most. Sherlock tried to avoid making eye contact as he told John where he was going, but found he couldn’t look away from John’s face.
“Tradition.” John made no move to get up.
Sherlock swallowed and nodded. “Yes.”
He laid in the dark, his breathing raspy and unsteady, and wondered if John regretted beating him up. Probably not. Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes.
Sherlock was feeling better already. Who knew that crying and screaming could be so cathartic? Psychologically he knew that it was, but he’d never experienced anything like that before.
“Fine,” Sherlock relented. And John was right. It was fun. At one point, Sherlock got a stitch in his side from laughing so hard. It felt just like it had years ago, giggling at a crime scene or laughing in the foyer. Sherlock could’ve stayed like that forever, but his name was called. He got the food and then summoned a cab.
“He was an alleged sex offender,” Sherlock growled, reaching for the scalpel. “And you are the vilest-the most repulsive-” his hand shook. “The most repulsive human scum I have ever met.” The letters coalesced around him to form the words
“Nothing to apologize for,” Sherlock said, rather sharply.
“Whatever you’re trying to say, please just get to the point,” Sherlock said, more than mildly exasperated with him.
“But you
“Only I can’t remember what.” Sherlock didn’t respond, but then it clicked. “That’s the song you played at my-at my…” He trailed off. It sounded like the song Sherlock wrote for him, the first waltz, but more complex.
“I’m an idiot,” John said again.
“Yes.”
John was still in his chair. “Everything okay?” Sherlock asked, crossing the room to get his violin.
“Maybe,” John said. “Maybe not. It is what it is.”
“I’m fine, Sherlock,” John said slowly. “I’m not going to sleep. I can’t.”
his brain helpfully supplied. Sherlock scowled at the wall.
Sherlock didn’t say goodbye, didn’t say anything as he was ushered through yet another stark-white corridor. He blinked in the bright lights. He was led to a small room with a doctor, forced to strip and be examined. His clothes were taken away.
Sherlock had to lean on the cab door to get himself out, and almost fell over on the way to the cemetery gate. He leaned against it, heart pounding uncontrollably. His hands were shaking and sweating as he fumbled with the latch. He closed the gate behind him.
In his room, he opened the window. The December air chilled his room and he relished it. His face was hot and he leaned against the sill, opening the pack. He lit a cigarette and allowed himself to feel guilty for a moment, before he placed it on his lips. He inhaled, the smoke filling his lungs. Familiar. He closed his eyes and the night air drifted over his face. It was almost peaceful, if not for the intense pain spreading throughout his body. Spikes of pain intermingled with a deep, pounding ache. His head throbbed, and he pressed it against the cool glass. He couldn’t think about John.
“Yes, glad. It got us to talk about it, yeah?” He tried for a smile at Sherlock, but it came out more as a grimace.
Sherlock sat down on a bench. John sat down on the other end, too far away to touch. Sherlock gripped the fabric inside his pockets. A slight breeze blew through his hair. He inhaled, the familiar scent of the park filling his lungs. Trees, grass, and the sharper scent of winter. He wondered vaguely if it would snow this year. It did on the first Christmas he and John had spent together. He hoped it would. He’d always love the snow. Rosie would like it. Maybe it would give them an excuse to go outside in it, to see what she thought. John’s cheeks might be reddened from the cold, his lips chapped, his eyes sparkling. The image was somewhat muted by everything John had done. Sherlock wanted to forgive him-badly-but he wasn’t sure how. The dull twist in his stomach had become constant at this point.
“Baker Street.”
“Very good, John.”
“Yes, your type,” John said, aware of how ridiculous that sounded.
“Doctor Watson? It’s Mycroft. Mycroft Holmes.”
*****
“This morning,” Molly said. A tear slipped down her cheek. “Estimated time of death was sometime last night. Bullet wound.”
The sensation overwhelmed him. His heartbeat sped up. John stayed sobbing beside him. Sherlock’s mind whirled. It wasn’t smart to leave John alone with Rosie in the flat, but he needed to escape. It was infuriating. He hadn’t expected to feel like this after their conversation. He’d expected to feel a lot better. And he did, in a way. But in a similar way he felt worse. The beginnings of a headache pressed against his temples. He squeezed his eyes shut tightly. Neither of them moved.
