I'm speechless, his very dark eyes are very sincere and proud, but I don't feel so proud, I just feel shaky and full of fear, shamefully, my only real wish is to be with my uncle right now. I hold my hand with the other, keeping myself from shaking, my mind goes back to the blue murderous eyes of the sniper. Sniper? A series os deductions going from his right finger to the very firm grab, take the to see how he is an actually good sniper. Just like the one on the roof of 221b that day, in fact exactly like him, even the same shoulder angle.
He smiles at her, unable explain  himself why he said it, maybe because he did not know if anyone was saying it to her frequently or because it was just the truth, he probably just wanted her to do it again.
John gives me my backpack, smiling. He blinks with one eye to me, conspiring, I let a short smile scape and let my uncle take me away.
— You know I love him, Theres — a young man with sad dark eyes is sit in front of us — But I can't, I simply can't, not after all, is not his fault, I know, but... — Ian's cry that afternoon was deep and hurt, full of a soffering I don't recognize.
— People won't like it, or understand it. It's better keep it to myself — I let my eyes fall, observing the carpet — But she already was with the suspect! I just confirmed — he cleans his throat loudly making me raise my eyes to his face, and rise and eyebrow sarcastically to me — But she puts me out of her class, it's like you always say: the masenger it's always guilty — I bound my head — I'm sorry, uncle Mycroft.
— Speak ― that voice seems to go down through my chest, the deep and strong tone takes me to another time, a happier, when everything was simple, a terrible sensation of course, in that other time that same voice was caring and patient, now it was just a a cold voice on the phone.
I chose to ignore certain thoughts of power shift that pop up in the back of my head, probably coming from a sequence of deductions I could not hold, but that was an absurd thought,and I was going crazy. Sabrina could be manipulative, but she did not "dominate" anyone. She was 13 years old, that was definitely absurd.
— Don't you guys think uncle Myke is exaggerating? Maybe just a little? — I relax on the sit, taking my eyes from the window. Obviously, they don't answer me, but isn't a problem, silence, when both sides want to be in silence, was perfect for me.
The building was huge and in lots of shades of white and grey, just like a tombstone. I notice the statues and well cuted plants, but don't allow myself to observe with more attention. I needed to focus, actually pay attention on what uncle Myke and the general were talking about.
The big hand turns him up and the man hops up him him, touching every extension of his body. Cheek, chest, stomach... He grabs the blood stained t-shirt and start ripping it, slowly, moaning in amusement.
My uncle neither affirms nor denies, just observes, almost as if trying to understand the situation, connecting pieces in his brilliant mind. Still holding the smaller man's hand, as they stare at each other, I perceive a certain familiarity in the way they stopped, at the shoulder angle, I resisted the urge to ask where they meet and why they mirror each other.
— Not really — the puts the cup on the side table, her delicate movement is too alike Sherlock's, she seems ready to deduce a case — When my mother was alive, uncle Sherlock was the one of the family who was closer. He used to like me, I remember the violin — she smile sweetly to the musical instrument beside her, the pretty eyes flood in sadness — Even my grandparents liked I those times... — she turns to him, craving the blue in his soul — Just uncle Mycroft stayed with me after she died.
— Doctor Watson, please, forgive me, I simply can't come in! — she speaks fast, while step a little farther, with and forced sweet smile — I don't believe is appropriate, uncle Sherlock won't be satisfied and uncle Myke told me not to come here.
Sebastian Moran doesn't know why his boss is never up to kill him. Not when he makes mistakes, not when he doesn't gets anger after an stupid joke, never. Even when he already had the excuse to the mistake, James didn't even ask! For example today, how he could know the girl was going to figure the hole plan out and call Sherlock? And, manly, how could he know she was going out the building when, supposedly, she should be locked on a room? Ok, it was reckless, he is never like that, his job was not be so, he deserved punishment and he was fine with it. But James didn't even asked anything, the assassin wonder if he already knew about it and had time to decide if he cared or not.
"I took her to Mycroft and, for the first time in years, I used enough heroine to keep me away for a week. I abandoned them, she wasn't the only one who didn't know what to do, my brother was desperate. When I came back she wasn't speaking, my brother was terrified, my parents rejected her completely, incapable to look at her, mainly mommy, and she was so hurt. In the moment she looked at me, I could see so much shame for a girl her age. Our little girl couldn't even hug me, she didn't wanted to be touched. I remember to be glad she didn't, in my egoism I couldn't even hold her without remembering my blooded sister.
- Of course you will! - I smile at them, letting it get to my eyes, that might mean I like them. I don't know if this is good, maybe for them it is, if I was a good company, but surely for me it was not. When they hated me, what would happen soon, I was just going to regret - Where do you plan to work?
― Hello, Louise, my name it's John Watson, I'm your uncle's friend. You don't even look like Mycroft.
Gregory shakes his head, the worry growing, the man took at least three minutes to answer, was shaking desperately and was turning paler by the second. The inspector ignores the will of screaming at London's traffic.
— How do you know my uncle Mycroft?
We practically run out the building, his hand still firm on mine. He doesn't look at me, angry just like I say to John, we were going to have a fight. Well, fight wasn't exactly the term. He was going to talk, and talk, and talk, and I was going to patiently listen. I hold his hand harder. The secure touch keeps me calm, my only worry was hold myself to him and everything was going to be fine.
— I'm going to be ok, Louise, calm down — he answer softly, one hand on her's the other on her hair — Have you feed yourself today?
— Mycroft — Sherlock sits in his chair and grab the violin, silently I ask to not play until we're out, I don't want uncle Myke to see how he affects me — You have to increase her security, take her out of that school, even if you change the principal, not good for her to stay.
— Gun shots — the elder brother answer, tipping fast on the phone, locking the important informations and erasing others — I'm about to be taken. Sherlock, track my phone.
― Uncle Myke isn't my father, ma'am ― I let the smile go politely wider ― He must be very grateful for that.
— The small of the last two years — Sherlock doesn't sits, and his brother knows exactly how he will move next, think next — and the big of the last decade.
— You will never be a bad memory. To no one! — I want to desagree and give examples, but he pressed his finger in my lips — What happened it's a bad memory, for Sherlock and your grandparents, too hard for them. You are only the second victim of that night. You are not guilty, that was not you. Uncle Sherlock have hard memories, he is a very complex and hard man who doesn't always know how to deal with his feelings, that's why he does what he does with himself, and that's why is better you two be separate. He doesn't hate you, he never did. That man always adored you. How many times I'll have to say that?
On my first day of extra chemistry classes everything happened very naturally. I got to school early, sat on the second chair and waited for my... Colleges to come by. James arrived first, with a smile and a good morning, followed by the twins those with more than a smile to him, not that I would deduce anything about it, and, finally, Alicia arrived. Well, finally I guess, naturally I'm not waiting for her, my anxiety didn't got smaller after her arrival. I mean, it did, if she missed class it could be because of a illness or so, but carrying for her wasn't wrong, I didn't need to be with my mouth so dry about it.
- Louise Holmes - I shake her hand, ignoring their smiles broadening while they recognise my name, that was not even possible. - I am very pleased to meet you.
Sebastian, knowing he shouldn't be so amused with the craziness of his boss, pulls his notebook of the leather coat and, not noticing how his own breathing start to race following the boy's frequency, scrabble a little of the picture. Later, when in his bed, not managing to sleep, he could use it as a base to a much prettier drawing. Another for his collection.
And that attitude led John to drastic measures, not that he didn't liked girl, he liked it, she was sweet and lovable, although very insecure and sort of scared, very similar to a stray cat, wanting deeply someone's attention on a street side. Just like Sherlock sometimes, really, but that was not the point. He was going to find out why Sherlock was acting like that with the girl, and John was going to sort it out. Sherlock willing or not.
— Stay.— He listens softly and the other stares at him, the steady greens were slightly reddish, it was not being easy for him. — Help me finish this — he points to the wine bottle, averting his eyes, cheeks flushed. — Unless you are really desperate to go home.
— I'm sorry Sherlock, but I didn't invite her because of you — he whispers back, approching they're faces, que could see every little detail of the well draw mouth — She is obviously lonely and fragile, she needs a friend, and it's pretty clear to me how she adores you, and I believe she might like me!  I would let her lonely like this. And I can't even believe you will.
― No, please ― I hear footsteps coming through the corridor ― can you please tell him that it's his niece? It's an emergency!
The rage come from down in his stomach to his chest, hitting on the ribs, as he imagine the almost bold man observing as James is beaten and humiliated, enjoying it certainly, maybe doing something himself, with the small evil man so vulnerable. The Tiger let his eyes run through the naked back of his boss, the pale skin marked, he deserved more than that treatment, Sebastian could treat him way better if the boy wanted, without the urge, he could be lot more gentle than normal.
Some blocks away from the school there is a big park, I wonder what is it's name while walking besides Ian, hearing while he talks to himself about my grades and what to study with me today. A worm sensation goes through my chest, caused by his presence, his calm and... Familiar presence.
That was just the pushing, wasn't it?
His file open quicker that the other two, reviling a tiny picture of a way younger Ian Pasteur, straight face and his data under. Male, ex-elite soldier, chemistry, former MI6, surviver, homosexual... Wait. Ian was gay? That's something I should have deducted, normally I would, I'm used to non-straight people, uncle Mycroft is bissexual himself. How I didn't deduce that? I roll down the file, part of me still wondering if not noticing something was good or bad, and there is nothing else. It was an one page file, with no details.
— Sherlock was acting awkward — Lestrade gets up, smiling lovely to Louise — You uncle is so weird... Well, always, but today...
In the car, no word is said, he doesn't let me go for a minute, the hands tense on my back, the face put against my hair, almost as if he's really worry. Well, he works for uncle Myke, and I know what means the way they look at each other, he was worried about how my uncle was going to be. Surely he wasn't worried about me, it was such an waist of time. Maybe he doesn't know is my fault those men are dead, more and more numbers to my personal list, even if they were criminal and wanted to hurt me, it was my fault, and nobody deserved to die like that.
— Like it? ― John stops right beside me, a weird pride smile on his face. I wonder if I should let go a sarcastic cough, but it's better not ― I know it's a little messy, but it's comfortable. I would show you the kitchen, but I don't think it's safe ― he points to the glass doors on the left ― Dead body or something like that.
― And I suppose he doesn't know that you have my number — I let go the air from my lungs heavily, he was actually deducing me!!
Then, as if just to show the sniper wrong, making he remember how she managed to scape him a week  earlier, Louise turns to him, without even stop walking, she just turns her head, focousing straight on her stalker, the cold blue eyes scrolling through his hole body, Sebastian was certain in that moment she was a very damage and brilliant little girl who saw his soul in one glance, she just knew with one look. Just like her uncle Mycroft.
— We are going to see uncle Sherlock, alright? You can stay with John if it makes you more comfortable, I need to talk with your uncle.
I feel he's almost worried with me, he was thinking the same of others. Probably believe that uncle Myke was inpatient with me, maybe aggressive. The Ice Man certainly would be cruel with a kid, he could almost justify violence to educate. But they were wrong, he simply wasn't like that, Mycroft Holmes was only reservate in the beginning, after all those years he became somebody lovely in his way, sweet sometimes, hard when needy, but incapable of any cruelty, at least with me.
— Sir, yes, sir — they all answer in one voice and and will to cry comes to my chest. They were... Equal. Trained copies. It wasn't the place for my music, for my deductions or intelligence. It wasn't a place for me.
I let a smile go and realized Ian Pasteur had my entire trust, even before remembering of him talking to my mom, even not know who was him. I've already decided to trust him.
On that my cellphone start to ring on the backpack "umbrella", Rihanna, because my sense of humor permits that. I stand my hand to take it, already hearing the killing voice on the other side, but John it's faster, taking it first, he narrows a finger to me, asking for silence.
― Nothing of interesting, Dr. Watson, just study and read ― he looks at Sherlock, comparing us, I know he'll be disappointed, I'm some kind of prion close to Sherlock Holmes ― And play violoncello. It's what I do with most of my time.
— Running to your bodyguards. Going to Sherlock's apartment. Having tea with John... Louise Holmes, what the bloody hell?
Ignoring the feeling, part of me focus on the word "freak", I don't know actually why, he wasn't the first to call me like that and wouldn't be the last, and it doesn't make any difference, it wasn't a lie.
— Fuck the food, uncle Mycroft! — stamborn tear fall on their feet, the  scene making Gregory want to sit with them and hold the two — I almost lost you! I can't lose you! I can't, you are the only one I have! What would I do without you? I can't even hug you because of a fucking ass hole who hurt you so badly!
— Well, I'm going back inside — he puts the hand on his pocket after letting my uncle go, eyes on the still surprised green — See you, young lady.
For the first time after my mom's death, someone was hearing my laughter every day. For the first time studying in London, I wasn't simply sitting on the first chair and listening to the teacher, without talking or looking around, too scared of screwing up something. It was a good sensation, not being just with myself.
Inside it's dark and dusty, it's an old building, impressively well cared, and it has the sound. I bound my head as far as I can, trying to ignore the memories, keep the violin out. The flash of a bright house, full with that sound, and always with kind hands on mine. I lift my chin and take a deep breath, I had to be strong. Uncle Myke would soon be there.
The blue invading eyes come to his, going deep in his being. Those eyes, Sherlock's blue, Theres' blue and, annoyingly, Eurus' blue, beautiful, yes, full of memories of beloved ones, but extremely unsettling. That little girl was his last chance on so many things in his life, and he was falling her, the exact same way he failed with the others. Although the failure, he could see the profund hope and expectations Louise put in her uncle. Her uncle Myke. Never in years Mycroft Holmes imagine himself as the beloved and needed uncle Myke of a little girl with eating disorders, social anxiety and depression. His little one.
He knocks hard in the big door, while I try to keep my legs from running the other way. The class room was all made on wood, dust and old particles of time. All the students stand when see the general, who makes them sit again with a wave of the head. I can't let go the idea of dogs. Just like animal farm and the pig Napoleon
— I'm sure you'll be a great agent, who will save many lives. Just like your uncle Sherlock — I look to the glass doors, something inside me is afraid of what that might mean — The difference is he isn't very attached to the human part of the job — he holds my hand  — That will make you a better agent than he would be.
I sit straight on the chair and I feel uncle Myke apprehensive beside me, hands crossed on the lap, to the rest of the planet he was keeping the cold and contained face, but I know him, he was waiting my answer.
Uncontactable blocks away, her cheat hurts and she can't breathe, her shoulder and arms start pulsing and stubborn tears flood her eyes. Louise's mind can only think about finding someone, anyone. No. Not anyone. She just wanted her uncle right now, just go home.
The mansion is empty and I would be alone for a good time now. The two men search the rooms for intruders, bur find nothing. While I walk upstairs, wondering what to do first, Thomas talks something about staying outside and ready to come in if I need to. I don't remember to answer.
I sit after he's gone, worrying about keep my eyes on the teacher always, he smiles sweetly and stops in front of me with the arms crossed in the chest, nail painted in a transparent shine, hair well putted to look messed. Gay or metrossexual?
— My name is Ian Pasteur. Do you enjoy chemistry, miss Holmes? — his voices goes through my name in a calm satisfaction, like a conquer.
Mycroft Holmes seems destroyed, as soon as the niece went up the stairs it was all he could be. A broken man. Gregory did not know everything, how terrible he might be feeling, he can only imagine the unsettleling sensation of being vulnerable to the wills and desires of another man. He fills the cup of the redhead and watches it get empty fast. Gregory wanted to show some support, but Mycroft would not welcome it, of course, he only see him as an inspector, if he did not obey the other in a specific situation he would be discarded at the time, but the man's lost look gives him courage to lift.
John holds Louise's face while putting some ice on her front head, he wonders what happened with her, but don't ask, she didn't need a curious old man right now. Her eyes are sad, deeply hurt, and a will to punch the responsible comes to his bones, she was so young to be so sad.
― And who are you? — the fat and very angry old man looks challenging to my uncle ― Get the bloody hell out of my school, freak.
— Yes, you do.— he grabs the other arm, holding it, slitly playful. But Gregory regrets immediately, realising that the other hesitates for a moment, eyes startled and defensive. Even the UK man of confidence could be affected by a trauma. — Let's go to the car, shall we?
― Who? ― I ask instead, while he takes me inside showing me a very nice and clean kitchen, the smell of tea it's so delicious even though there isn't a ketle in the fire, the owner should be such a nice person, but there's no one inside.
— Excuse me, then — Sabrina doesn't look at us while leaving, head down and hands shanking. I can tell from her walk and her body posture is not angry, although I can't say what is it without deducing thinks, and I'm doing quite well in not for the last days.
When they step away, the detective inspector smiles, but Mycroft only stares at him, startled, slightly flushed. Lestrade likes those green eyes even though they are the same greens that gave him orders or asked for information about Sherlock. And, specially, Gregory likes the light red on the other's cheeks.
— Fucking bitch!
— Sure! — I put my backpack on the shoulder and force my lips to rise a little.
Sorry for the delay. Please enjoy
— Now come, you haven't eat all day — he puts me on my foots and guides me to the kitchen. My room it's on the second floor, right beside his room. The furniture make it obvious that he wasn't the kind of man who wanted a child living with him. Longs and darks corridors with art everywhere, hole rooms turned into libraries and his private movies place, even his kitchen was lonely, with no table or food... He was never expecting visits. When I think he didn't need to go through that a hard pain goes through my chest. In another live he would only be uncle Mycroft from London, too far away from me. Yes, I observe the tall and ginger man, still dressed with parts of his suit and caring his umbrella indoors. He was my bright side.
— I'm sorry for that reaction, sir — I do the best I can to keep a controlled and calm voice, and be the most polite as possible — It was silly. Thank you very much for you help, I didn't know what I would do without it.
— Mycroft, look at me — he obeys, unable to explain why his eyes focous directly on the older man lips — I'm so sorry for what happened — the green manage to fall in the dark — You are going to be fine now, lay on you bed while your doctor is on his way, you niece and me will cook something for you — Mycroft let his head fall back. Food? — Yes, you have to feed. Is it possible that you didn't grow up a bit? Hey — Gregory holds the cold hand in his chest — Louise is imensily intelligent, she will understand.
— Mrs. Hudson? — John calls, confusion face, I wonder if that it's just he's normal face — Maybe she's out?
Gregory stands, taking the gun out of the belt, his look serious telling them to stay sit. Mycroft grabs Louise's hand, and observes while leaving policeman answer the door, it was, indeed, a good idea to be paranoic.
It's when I found it. The blue print of the building, my mouth fall and I bent over the table to see closer. All the descriptions above were on it, the giant kitchen, the class rooms and the sports area, but it was different. Under the soccer field, inside the earth, there was something, not named on the blue print, the same happened under the building it self, underground areas, connected by little underground corridors where all over the school, I wonder what inside and if it had any connection with the outside world.
― And what do you want with her? ― I can hear him, he is in the end of the corridor, back turn on me, his voice shake a little and I wish to know why. A small voice answer him, I can't understand, probably it's coming from a phone, but I know it's a man with a very gentle and soft voice ― Yes, she guess it... ― the soft voice it's very calm ― Maybe without the kid would be easier... Yes. It would be very easier if the freak just stop existing. ― I step away from the door in a grasp, an infinity of situations coming up in my head, and uncle Myke wouldn't answer his phone! ― Of how much money are you talking about? ― I still can hear him, probably it's closer, but I don't hear his answer ― When are you sending your men?
That time was made of sad songs, but when I talked to him for the first time, I was gifted with a happy solo. Mom used to say he was the most paradoxal man she knew. He was the controlled and cold government officer, the dark side of the British government, he could control wars, deaths even! But in the music he was the beautiful and chaotic jazz.
Mycroft swallows hard, he did not want help, he hated having to be helped, he was the British government for fucking sakes! But he gripped the inspector's hands hard to get to his feet, felling the soft pain, shivers going through his chest. Almost going back to the floor, feeling the pain and nausea overwhelm him, he holds himself in the other's hands, hating the touch, and yet wishing never being let go.
- Kids, this is Louise, your new friend - I rise my head wondering if my celebration was too early. Ian is standing at the door surrounded by four girls and one boy, staring at me - And I think she is studying! On the break! - he lets his head fall to the side and start walking to me. I can easily compare him to a bird or some kind of reptile who found something looking like food. The ideia makes my hands shake, being observed by a crow wasn't the funniest thing.
― Uncle Mycroft must be very happy about that, Mr. Watson, I believe. ― make my smile larger ― I'm more alike my mother, sir.
— We are not doing a very good job, at least I'm not — looking at the well cut nails, Mycroft still remembers his shaky girl on Lestrade's office — I talked with her teacher, Ian Pasteur, he will keep her under his supervision.
— Well, class — Needhan turns to the kids, forcing a more calm face — Miss Holmes is you new sister — my eyes get wider facing the floor and the teacher hides a smile in his hand, clearly marking some effort to keep it together — You will share you space, your life and your learnings with her. You will grow up together, that mean you are equal. And as equal you'll be treated the same. Understood?
— Well, well, I was waiting for a younger lady! — the man in front of me is smiling, the dark eyes almost fading away — Mycroft you almost have an woman in you house.
— My mansion — his voice is broken, deeper than normal and goes out painful, what makes Gregory wonder the kind of damage in the man's chest — Turn left on this next street.
Sherlock follows a path that will take us to the back parts of the school, he walks with caution through the students. Everyone just stares at him, strangely, maybe they never imagined that the Holmes in the name of the creepy Louise was the same of the famous detective.
Gregory asks me to tell everything that happened, meanwhile he grabs his chair from behind the desk and puts close to me, I don't answer, observing him, uncle Mycroft follows he every move, silently questioning. The man takes an third chair and place it right beside me, indicating it to my uncle.
I stop still, letting him walks a little in front of me, but I don't see Ian. All I can see is a very well illuminated room, with a pale and beautiful woman holding me, she was always holding me, caring.
After putting part of that information on my cellphone and taking the printed blue print to my backpack back I my room, I open the second file, about my class room isn't as technical as the other. It was a relatory/diary of the First World War. About a general called William du Bois and his son.
Mycroft stares at him, greens lost in the red, expression overflowing defiance, as if expecting some joke or rudeness, Lestrade just leans his shoulder in the other's. He does not know what to say, or what to do, maybe that physical contact is welcome. Gregory just stared at him afterwards, wanting to say he saved the girl's life, that Lou would never be as happy as she was with him, but he could not find words. They just stared.
Is too late when Sebastian realise the weight shifting, the kid bounds back, pulling his body with her and before the man could shift it back, Louise's front head goes heavily against his nose, breaking it. While the man still shaking his head, her knee goes up, straight between his legs.
Through the day my level of anxiety goes up quickly, although everyone tried to calm me down with compliments towards Ian, but I wasn't worried with him. I was worried with me, and my lack of social skills. I don't even know why, but it would be great to make Ian like me. He was still a mystery, the only information I had about him was how he was a survivor of something, former MI6 and all. I didn't even knew if I should trust him. But a tiny little part of me want him to really like me.
— Take her out of the country — his brother voice came to him, tense, shaky with the cold — Until I get Peters, who ever he is. You can keep Jim away from her. We will manage this, Mycroft, we can keep her save!
Sherlock is really too discuss, tell how the detective was sentimentally compromised as him, but the hand of the freshly arrived John Watson made him quiet. Lestrade likes that touch z the intimacy on it.
- But I'm a black belt in judo - the one on the right makes a small bow, smiling.
— Of course you do — the green don't leave her, proud — He just needed to be sweet with you. Isn't that dangerous, inspector Lestrade?
— I was a street cop at the time, younger, angrier... One day I was called on this gunshot, the first on the place — he keeps his eyes on Mycroft, very dark eyes remembering on the very sad green — Well, it wasn't a random gunshot, you know, it was an execution, some old important guy from the government died immediately, but his co-worker was perfectly fine — I rise my eyes to my uncle, he is focused on the inspector, no expression, but visibility less tense — He was a skinny ginger younger than me, extremely arrogant and who refused to be in shock. I ended up feeding him, and taking him myself to the hospital. Years later I figured out that he was the brother of the jun... Crazy young man who was helping me to solve cases. Still bossy thought....
— Nothing... — I snap without thinking, questions flooding my mind, like I normally do with uncle Myke, to not worry him — I am very sorry, sir.
The door lock start to hit, and I put myself on my foot in a jump, hearing his bad words, it's almost comic how I can almost see the vein in his front head pulsing
In the next class the same happened, the sweet and calm history teacher test me, but, after my correct answers, she just makes a lovely face and turns her attention was on her on group of favorites.
— You know, mister Holmes, I love gingers — The young man standing in front of Mycroft is naked, he took his clothes right after entering the room where the government officer was tied up in a chair, before even saying anything. He was extremely skinny with a long hair, cold dark eyes scorching the other's body.
— John invite me to tea, and... — I can't look at him, once again I've done wrong, always doing wrong. How I could wait to be a good day if what I was doing was wrong? — I accepted. I thought may we could be friends, or something a like, it wasn't because of uncle Sherlock, even inspector Lestrade was there, we just talked, about silly stuff, and..
― Mycroft it's getting slow ― uncle Sherlock opens the glass doors in a strike, a chemical mask on the face and plastic gloves ― He would normally deduce my presence.
I turn my look to the floor, hating myself, how, in a military school, I could be thinking that way? Why I were analyzing the man? I had to behave, as uncle said.
!!!!!
— Good night, kiddo — The inspector is about to get up, after they've heard Louise finish climbing the stairs, watching the man rub his palms together, tiredly. He deserved some time with his niece. — I think I'd better..
Beside my uncle's flat there's a coffee shop, I wonder how it's like inside, but I would probably never know, uncle Myke would guarantee that. I jump out of the cab after John, and observe the place. It seems nice.
Please enjoy. Sorry for the delay
— Inspector? — Gregory turns to him, eyebrows raised, questioning, he find it funny to hear that slight insecurity in the other's voice — Call me Mycroft, please. And thank you. For bringing me home — he look for words — For ... For everything.
— I will love to be invited for your apresentations — Sherlock let go a dramatic sight, and lock himself back into the kitchen, closing the glass doors behind him — You can call only me, if you prefer not to have such an irritant presence close by. I'm sure I'll be — he makes his voice higher — a better company.
— The rules are about Sherlock, not me — he whispers, conspiring — You should come for tea, how about twice a week? Tuesday and Thursday is good for you?
Someone knocks on the door shyly and the three men look at it. The very tall and pale man with curly hair, sitted with his legs against his chest, Sherlock Holmes, just ignores it, shaking his head, annoyed, and asks inspector Lestrade, an, even being, older, with grey hair, who seemed to be way relaxed man, to continue talking about the case. John Watson, the soldier, knew exactly who was at the door, gets up and goes walks towards it, ignoring his colleague's bored voice saying to just ignore.
John is about to comment on how he is a great drama queen, when he notices her head bowed, big blue eyes on the floor, fixed on the tin dust in front of her, as if guessing that reaction was her fault. John wants to say that she isn't guilty, he wants to blame Sherlock, and help her to be strong, but he can't say that, not after the expression of soffering he saw on his friend face. So he puts his hand on the girl's shoulder and smiles, silent.
— You already said that about Needhan, it didn't help us much — James pulls himself to sit on the desk, he would never admit it's by Sebastian knew he enjoyed that because of his size, the kid wanted to be as tall as the bodyguard. Some theories about confidence problems put up in his mind, but lack of confidence wasn't a problem for the tiny evil being — Who is this one? Handsome...
― C'mon, darling ― I can almost hear my mother's voice deep in my head — Why is that woman buying that wine? Deduce, Louise.
— Very handsome, I'm fact — once again Seb gives the 'smile of Lucifer', full of past satisfaction, but it doesn't gives the same pleasure to his boss. He actually knew the man in the photo well, too well, once again, James ignores, or tries, the human feeling. — We serve together, we had a lot of fun that time — James understands exactly what he is talking about, and, unexpectedly, he imagines himself uppon the smilly man, with a knife, yes, he could cut his throat, for fun, not because of Sebastian, of course — You know him too, boss, in that mission you put me, against Neal Peters — the consultant criminal rise the dark eyes to the multilated face of the sniper — Exactly this one. Isn't interesting he is so... — he rise the picture, looking through the light, coming closer to James, letting him gets his strong smell of alcohol and wood — Calm. Closer to his ex who put him through hell?
Gregory, for the second time in the evening, takes a momentum of courage and stands next to the man, resisted the urge to put his hand on his shoulder or hold the clenched fist. The inspector just stand close. Mycroft closes his eyes tightly, with the memories, with the shame of crying, tears falling on the sink.
— Why are you alone?— with one eye on Mycroft behaviour, he tries to keep her talkative — I asked John and Sherlock to check you in here.
— Double Louise's security and drop mine to half — he orders, leaving no space to question. I stare at him, letting my mouth fall. No. That's was his solution? He couldn't be the target. What if I lose him? The cold green eyes fall on mine, inflexible — Not even a word, young lady
— Oh, come one, don't say that...<
— Inspector, you didn't finish to tell how you and uncle Sherlock meet.
— Boring! — James jumps one of the dead bodies with the elegance of a ballerina and lands right in front of Sebastian. They would be face to face, if the younger wasn't so short, but the sniper would never say something about it, because of his love for his own life, of course. And, he likes to believe, his self-love was the responsible for his lack of urge over the other. Yes, the tamptation, Sebastian wouldn't resist it on another time, with another person, not so close to a younger and attractive man was James. But he didn't have the urge of taking the boss, he never had, Sebastian couldn't imagine himself over the boy, not over those evil yet sweet check bones — Killing her is boring, Seb! I want her. Talk with her. Isn't she fascinating? After everything she went through, and rose by Mycroft... It would be much more easy if you and these incompetents — he points to the bodies, passing so close to Sebastian he could smell the expensive perfume of the skin body — had got her for me! But no! You lose her, and, put her on the safest school in hole Britain, and made her uncle double the security around her.
— Ready? — uncle Myke watches me from the door, the three pieces suit fits him perfectly, beautiful — You can't be late, you need to have discipline in this school, just like we agreed.
— Your uncle will literally strip the skin of your flesh, brat. — Thomas, with a sweet and proud smile that shouldn't be there, opens a black car door for me, and, as I sit in the back leather, my eyes catch the proof of what my uncle meant by doubling up.
Sebastian Moran gets slightly excited while he observes Ian Pasteur let que kid by the school gates. He remembered Ian very well, in all the details, even so many years after he still was a handsome son of a bitch, enough to make his heterosexuality be questioned for the first time all those years ago. The sniper shakes his head, focousing, his target was the girl. Louise Holmes.
All of those little things were making Moran feel several bad shivers through his chest. The small man was his boss, his responsibility, and he was strangely important for him, personally. And there was James: beaten, tortured, and humiliated, and, even if it was part of the plan, it was all Mycroft Holmes fault.
Sebastian wonders if his boss was trying to be sexy, or it was really that natural to him. The colar bones against the skin, even the hurt chest, and manly the waving hips, made the sniper question his own loyalty, really, maybe he could just jump in the boy and leave after have fun.
The car stops and the woman who drives hoops out of it, Gregory holds my hand while we follow her, he does let go in any moment, holding me tight, the nice touch keeping me calm. I ignore the policeman around us, specially when I see the tall ginger man waiting for us in a room with glass walls. I wonder how he got there so fast. He has his arms crossed in his chest, umbrella being hold strongly, my uncle is so stressed his eyes doesn't even rise to us, fixed on an invisible point on the void, I'm unable to run towards him, all I want is to calm him down.
— How? — I vocalise in a low voice, without even realising, I have barely touched my food, observing him, and, when he rise his eyes to me, chewing very slowly, I think he realise that.
Mycroft is with a annoying pain in his head, probably from when he was knocked out. His blazer is on the floor of the dark and simplistic place, sided by his pair of shoes. The cold in his fingers make him wonder what kind of method would be used on them.
The blue clothes makes me hate that situation more and more. It let me more pale, the skirt is to short, the socks are too high, and I'm horrible putting the tie. I was looking like a star of a pedophile porn movie.
- I understand, teacher - I open a smile - I wasn't going to deny, it's actually very exciting - my hands shake while the right words don't come, if the wrong ones come out he might hate me faster - My week is, in fact, very easy. All my days are free except Thursdays and Thursdays. And I have to let my uncle know, define everything exactly.
— I know, Dr. Watson — his voice it's soft, the big hand on my back, holding me in his chest — Thank you for taking her out, I wasn't available — he seems guilty, but John would never notice — And where it's Sherlock?
The only two people how never hated me were uncle Myke and Anthea, but I don't cont her because we barely see each other for real. My only fear was losing uncle Myke to that too.
― He does the best he can, sometime even more... Uncle Myke didn't knew anything about me or any kind of children until I fall in his life, and right after losing my mother ― I ignore the little light in his face in comprehension. I remember those days, Mycroft didn't knew how to talk with me, and I wouldn't answer anyway, I didn't had a voice ― It was a hard time for us.
— What the hell.. — Sherlock is still on the phone.
— Is the only option, Mycroft, the two possibilities, but first I have to see the scene — Sherlock walks around, thinking, worried — Two fronts might make the protection easy, but we need a realistic strategy.
I want to say that he was worried and not thinking straight, but Sherlock would mock him. Uncle Myke hated when people laught of him, even he would never admit it. John observes me, waiting, but I was not going to say anything.
— Boss — he does let James say a word —, we fail again. But this time it wasn't only our fault.
— She is... she always have being. Louise was brave even when it could possibly not be. Even when I, the grown-up, was terrified — Mycroft stares into his own hands, he can feel his pulse at the tips of his fingers — I remember when I went to fetch her in the hospital... She was so small, so sad and lonely. Suspicious of everything... When I brought her home it was exactly like a cat exploring, walked through each room, looked at each thing, always facing me with blue eyes ...
— And you think she believing in hate is best, Sherlock? — the tall man flinch with the touch in his face, while being pulled to a hug. John feels his hesitation in putting the arms on his height, but the long fingers hold tight to his jacket. John hold the back of his head, putting his face on the other shoulder, the short fingers on the soft curls. Sherlock had a very good smell — She adores you, Sherlock.
— Really? — She seems interested, voice slightly distant, but she does not smile, the doctor recognizes a sadness in her, the deep blue eyes were a little less bright there, maybe thinking horrible things about herself, he had to act fast, the possibility of she doesn't wanting to come back shouldn't exist. John walks into the kitchen to get her tea, the funny part was how much she cares about her uncle, even Sherlock such a scandal over her.
Gregory had never seen the man so vulnerable, but he had never seen him out of his office either, just with Louise. His face bleeds in several different places, the lip is cut into several parts, forehead erupts in blood frighteningly, and the cheek is swollen and cut.
Ian observes, calculating, our interaction, for a moment I stop to notice his face when he is serious, the sparse beard makes him a little older, and, behind the coolness that shone in his eyes, I see a certain gentle glow, loving. He was weird, definitely weird.
— I'm feeling way better, small one, no pain and just safe — Mycroft's hand goes through her short and lightly curly hair. Gregory thanks silently she doesn't know why her uncle won't feel safe again in a long time. The thought bring, once again, the will to hold the ginger's hand — And having you with me tonight is going to calm me down. I would be really thankful if you stayed there.
Mr. Watson role his eyes and takes my backpack from my hands and makes me follow him after Sherlock. His caring way was kind strange for me, not even uncle Myke was like that, maybe normal people was supposed to be like that.
I feel the cellphone being put on my ear. I don't move a muscle, and focous in hearing.
In a perfect timing a noise makes us both jump a little, It's someone trying to open the front door, with some difficulty. It was a small and skinny old lady, with dark hair and a sweet face. Just lika a grandma should be.
— Louise is, in fact, looking for friends — uncle smiles sweetly, putting the hand on top of my head. In a profound effort, I hold my ironical eyebrow and simply stare ate him, trying to keep a straight face. Liar! — Her last school wasn't providing the companies I want for her.
Sherlock just give him a cold glare, analysing from the toe to top.
Mycroft smiles slightly to her, and servers himself and Gregory with a good amount of wine, never making eye contact with the other man. Now showered and clean, just waiting for his doctor, he was passing through the shame. The inspector has to resist the will to hold his hand again. Louise does it, holding tight.
Mycroft almost close his eyes in satisfaction, his little one always worried about Sherlock, even if he is indifferent or rude, she would always love him. The irrational part of his mind knows how it was the exact same love towards her uncle Myke. It's amusing to think about it.
- I am sure you are going to be a great pianist too - the words scape before I notice and part of me want to disapear right there. No deducing on school, Louise! But none of them have a negative reaction, in fact they look astonished, in a good way. My body relax, and I almost allow myself to be hopeful, maybe they were not going to hate me!
With another smile she turns front, I know is because the teacher is in class now, but certainly she was happy for having that excuse. Who wants to talk with someone who doesn't even know how to answer?
— Uncle Mycroft? — I call from the door, and, as the green focous on me, Gregory let go my hand. Uncle Myke puts his both hand on my head, watching me. I have no idea how I look like, probably like hell, but I don't fucking care, he was right there and it was what it matters.
― Have you ever heard of me, Mr. Watson? ― I rose my eyes to his, the very beautiful blue was confused with the situation. The answer was no of course. I abrace my body, trying to keep the cold wind of London away, or it was just the fear, the anxiety ― How long do you my uncle?
— They came and told me what was happening — she get up to put two glass of wine on the table and a bottle, careful eyes on Mycroft — But I send them away, uncle Myke would be more comfortable without them when back.
!!!!!
But I was nervous.
Again, forgive the bad English and enjoy
Again please forgive the english and enjoy!
— Oh, dear, but my kid is take you to hell. Specially dirt mouth boys — he places both hands on Mycroft's jaw, bringing him back up, trying to have it open. The sweet smile and the happiness from the dark eyes fade as he find a firm resistance, even after having to much damage of the hurt face. — Fucking idiot.
― He gets angry with you frequently? It's impossible to me imagine Mycroft as a loving relative, you know?
Everything happens very fast, in a moment the principal goes to very pale to very red and with a large hand raise in the air. I know what's he is going to do and shamelessly my only reaction it's close my eyes. A moment goes by and nothing happens, When I look at him, he's with his face in the wall, and arm pulled to his back. A blonde and short man it's holding him with violence in his face, blue eyes too angry to be true.
John's eyes widen, then regretting when she blushes slightly, looking away. He don't know what surprise him more, the what he imagine it was a deduction or the answer
— Uncle Mycroft have no fault at this, Mr. Watson, people always think that, but I'm the real guilty. Uncle Sherlock it's the one who knows who I am. ― I force a smile ― May we come in now? I'm cold.
― Vascular dilation? He has heart problems! Why somebody would do this? ― I shake my head, man!! ― OK, let's try not to be an smarty and find something to hit him with — I open a sarcastic smile, I could almost imagine my uncle saying that.
— I imagine his phone was taken — Sherlock relax on the chair putting his ear in the violin and start testing the sound, the first note was slightly wrong, but I keep it to me — How you pretend find out who wants her?
I put the picture to print and roll down the page on the computer. In there was a sequence of observations, guns names, food supply and were find it on the underground network. I don't understand, the building was old to be built thinking about nuclear and chemical weapons and it was just a school why half of this things were doing under it?
I step away, looking for the greens, searching in his face something, parts of me want to know if he really wanted me there. His kind expression makes me warm, while his own search eyes go through my face.
Observing the skin of his boss carefully, the assassin can't keep the rage away. Without the make up he was using to important meetings, James still looked sick. Beautiful, yes, but delicate, like a butterfly. He was skinner then normal, his lips were still marked, just like the pretty cheeks, his fingers were still broken and, even with his denials, Sebastian could see his moviments were slower then normal.
The colonel waits for her to be a block away from the school to hup out the car, followed for his men. James was very specific on not harming her at all, what made everything more difficult, from choosing his helpers and now to grab her on the middle of the street, thank Lord the kid was a lonely.
— I was surprised when you called me, Mycroft — he sits behind the desk, waiting for my uncle to sit first. On my lack of attention, I just follow them after a few seconds, but I'm happy about it, maybe it looks like respect in his view, maybe he takes longer to hate me — Specially in the meddle of the year. Don't you think miss Holmes will be affected? Miss her friends?
He crouches near the unhappy figure, so they stay on the same level, but does not touch him, even felling a powerful will to do it, he did not know where he could hurt. Mycroft had such and helpless expression, exactly the same of so many years ago, the man deserved a hug.
— I'm not taking you home! You are not only bleeding and broken, as you are delirious — he speeds up, decided to take the man to the Barts... Molly could get a good and discreet doctor for him, if he couldn't do it alone, even in that state — So many years after, and you still are afraid of hospitals
— Hey, you will be fine, ok? — I feel the vibration of his voice in my face, coming from his chest, and, surprisingly, it calms me down a little — Look, I'm calling your uncle — I don't rise my head, my face must be horrible, but my body reacts, alert,  I with the mention of uncle Myke — Mister Holmes, is Lestrade, I'm with Louise. She is fine, extremely nervous, but she'll be fine. I'm taking her to my station. Right, we'll be waiting for for you. Oh, ok.
— Today was a very weird day, you know? — Lestrade is observing me, I believe his worry now is to keep my mind occupied. — Strange murders... Nothing alike the things you uncle Sherlock solves, of course.
James follows the blonde's finger to the, almost not in the picture, image of Mycroft Holmes. Ideas just put in his head as he remembers what happened, so many data, he could build more than on plan that could be fun. Lot of fun, and it could be very useful, in the girl situation. His mind travel a little while he let his body fall on the table, arms above the head, eyes slightly closed and bouncing legs.
— Seb, do you mind to find some substitutes? In these... — he places the bloody feet on the dead man's shot head — I want to have fun. Anatomy, ya know?
— I used to read about them — I answer, putting some effort on keep up the talk. Gregory deserve that, really, he was a nice fellow, maybe he could be my uncle someday. I shake my head, it wasn't a time to form imaginary couples — How did you guys meet?
Sebastian Moran stops abruptly in her stare, his man following the move, eyes on hers. For a fraction of second they just stare at each other reading, knowing, both wondering. Louise was thanking fast, the man could see her brain working, part planning how to deal with whatever that was, she could see his curiosity towards her, part wondering, lord knows what. So she ran.
- She is.... - he run his eyes through my notebook, the dark and gentle eyes unsettle me, they had something cold on then, emotionless. I turn my look to the group behind him.
— What are you talking about? — the angry on the criminal was almost fisical, a satisfied shiver goes through Sebastian's body, bringing the pain of the wound — Are you going to blame a teenager?
The fault comes to me, one again people died because of me, of my careless. I close my eyes, shutting the tears and the thoughts, I had to go home, to uncle Myke. Being logical I should first come back there for my backpack, but it takes some minutes for my courage to convince me to go.
— No! — it comes out too loud, so I try to keep it together — No. I mean, you didn't scared me...
— Are you daughter of the guy with the umbrella? You don't look like him, I'm fact... — his eyes go through the room, finding assemblies — You look just like Sherlock... — John notice sort of a confusion on her eyes, she truly couldn't see they're assembly — My name is Gregory Lestrade, it's a pleasure.
Mycroft opens his eyes, hopeful. His torturer, sitted on his lap, both hands placed on his chest, takes a disappointed sight.
Ian, still chewing, observer my face, a little smile on his lips.
The closer he got to the door, Mycroft felt a strange tightness in his chest, an urgency to do something. Maybe as a thank-you for saving him, or for hearing that cheesy outburst.
— Silly? — I look shyly through the corner of my eyes, he opens a side smile — Dear, you were extremely brave all day! — I rise my head to him, not understanding — You managed to scape those men, obviously very dangerous and violent man, a gunshot, that could have you dead, and even came back for you backpack! You were amazing! How old are you? 12? And you didn't even hesitate! — I'm shocked. He really believed that, well he doesn't even half. Lestrade doesn't know how my heart almost felt from my mouth while I was running, or how I almost couldn't force myself to run when that blond man found me on the woods, Gregory doesn't even imagine how I almost didn't manage to fight against that man to scape when he grabbed me. The detective inspector hasn't the faintest idea — Hey, kid, crying is ok, is perfectly OK to be terrified in this situation. You are panicking in the right moment, when you are already safe. It doesn't make you less brave, just makes you human.
During the trip Mycroft wonders why the inspector had to touch him. He hated when people insisted on a contact other than the handshake, physical contact made him cranky, exposed. Only Louise changed that, the small hand were always welcome. Now when the ID touched him a sudden fear struck him, his mind showing all the ways the cop was stronger than him, how he could destroying.
So the other felling start, one that had nothing to do with family, I feel incredibly silly. I was panicking about something I wasn't sure of, calling a man who probably didn't care anymore, actually running away from the responsibility of screwing up things again. My chest suddenly is heavy, I shouldn't be doing this. Uncle Mycroft would be so upset with me, like always.
Mycroft grimaces at the touch, maybe he was hurt there too, but Gregory does not take off the hand, just stares at the man's battered face, trying just to be more delicate. Wide green eyes.
— It's going to be different now, Louise — I search for his eyes on the mirror — You will behave just like we agreed, will play in the school band, follow the rules and always be near a known official. Soon you'll be in Oxford, trust me.
— Anthea took Louise to her house, you should go see her. She must be dying of preocupation with her uncle Myke.
— All right, I'll take you home — With only a few steps he stands in front of the other, barring his passage. Noticing, at an untimely moment, that Mycroft is indeed red-haired and not dark haired as he believed, it was beautiful, he should be out more in the sun — Let's go to the car — in a quick move he takes the umbrella from the man's hand, holding his arm to give support.
Uncle's reaction makes me stop my laugh, the man would never notice, but the cold face of the British officer got colder when he said that. I guess the idea of me growing up wasn't his favourite. I observe him a bit, but turn my face to the man to keep it straight.
I sit on the floor, looking at the door, my hands were shaking, I don't even want to know why he is taking so long, so many things were going through my mind in that moment. I was actually scared. My uncle who wasn't part of my life for six years now was coming for me, my other uncle who really care about me wasn't even knowing about the happenings and somebody was ready to pay for me.
Lestrade grabs her hand and, even if the blue eyes were stuck on her uncle, she follows him down stairs. Mycroft thank it silently, maybe in the shower he could force himself to stop the crying.
John is a bit nervous, he's been this way all day, luckily, Sherlock was not good with emotions and had not noticed, more important things to him on his mind. He feels bad about using that little girl that way, barely knowing how Sherlock would react. He had been extremely cold with the niece last time, she even truly believed her uncle hated her, but John knew his mate, he cared, deep down he cared about her.
― 8 months — he warms. I knew what he was talking about ― Walking, Louise, we have to leave.
I hear voices in a short discussion on the background, but don't focus enough to understand something, my objective was listening my principal approaching. Maybe he was talking with the man with soft voice, still scamming.
-----
— I'm waiting, ginger mine... I love gingers, normally the soft throat and pale butt... — he passes the hand on the almost none hair, felling every thread, extremely soft. Amusing.
— What do you want, Mycroft? — Louise find it funny the fact he doesn't even bother to move, staying upside down, but doesn't laugh, her heart is sinked on the bones, he could even bare to look at her.
And, before, the inspector touched him. Mycroft resists the will to shake the thought of his mind. Gregory touched him with caring, how it really matters, but that sounded silly enough to make him smirk. He was the older brother, the uncle, the British government, he was the protector, nobody should need to take care of him. Nobody wanted.
— Our brand new student — his voice is excited, while he places his hands together. His clothes are simple and look old, in his neck and very purple stone shine. That was the last person I expected to see in a military facility. I loved him — I left a chair spared just for you, miss — he points the very first chair in the middle of the class, and opens an sarcastic smile to the general — As you requested, sir.
— Yes, small one — he rise his hand for her to grab it — Let's go, say thank you to Doctor Watson.
Ian has a satisfied and nasty smile, beautiful, of course, but a little scary, I wonder what he is planning.
John’s gaze flicked up to Sherlock then down again, sulking, and his nose flared as he smelt pasta. Sherlock had obviously cooked dinner whilst John had been on his way back, and John, for once, wasn’t hungry. Although, that didn’t really surprise him as he never ate when he was upset. And John was currently upset that he’s potentially angered Sherlock.
There was a fair chance that this heat had left him pregnant, but John didn’t care, as he knew Sherlock would love that and would be a great father.
“No worries. I’ll see you tomorrow around lunch time,” John told him.
Startled, John looked back and saw other inmates, wearing prison uniform, with grim faces. Obviously, word had spread that Sherlock had a mate. It only took a second before Sherlock was on his feet in a rage and charging at the inmates.
And now the question was whether John would accept or not. Accepting would mean he would get to drink the tea and eat the meals, and he
. Please don’t try and find me again,” he said and, before he could crumple to the ground, turned and took off to the sky, tears dripping freely down his face, feeling as if his heart had just been torn out.
John struggled. He wanted
Sherlock smirked. “Shot in the dark. A good one, though. You seem like the type of man that would apply for the army – somewhere you can be useful and protecting your country and people. It’s partly Omega nature – to go where you are needed most. Besides, you obviously studied as one regardless – the way you speak and the methods that you use tell me as much.”
On Monday, John wasn’t in his normal cheerful mood like he would be after spending his weekend at Sherlock’s house and getting his brains fucked out on every surface in the gigantic house.
Clambering onto Sherlock’s back, John felt the familiar adrenaline run through him as Sherlock took off, invisible to everyone else, and back to the rest of their lives together.
John read over the note several times, mouthing the words to himself in hopes that he wouldn’t forget. He hated that he had to get rid of these notes. He wanted to keep them, lock them up somewhere safe and make sure he would never forget these precious words and the feelings they produced within him.
John had no idea what to do, but it felt amazing. His eyes half-closed and he turned his face up into the attention, mouth parting and then made a sound of shock as Sherlock’s tongue licked into his mouth, possessively claiming every inch as his own. Eventually, Sherlock pulled back, a satisfied smirk on his face, and John blinked up at him dazedly.
Realising that it had been five minutes and he’d just been staring at the text, he jolted forward slightly, upright and on his feet, not sure what he was going to do, and then cursed as his leg crumbled underneath him and he fell to the floor. Pressing his head into the floor, he breathed deeply and with trembling arms lifted himself up into a sitting position and positioned his leg into a correct position where it didn’t hurt so much.
been taking care of Sherlock, just from afar.
“Sherlock,” she told him, tilting her head to the side as she watched John. “You’re John Watson, aren’t you?” she asked him, his voice soft.
John smiled softly, burying his face in Sherlock’s chest and inhaling his delicious smell. “Like I said, I’ve got you. I know you’ll look out for me when I can’t. I trust you, Sherlock, and I’ll protect this pup of ours with everything I have,” John promised, and felt Sherlock relax against him.
Following the guards, Sherlock and John held hands as they were escorted to their new room (after Sherlock had put on his trousers and pants) and left alone to settle. Lestrade looked regretful to be putting John in the room, but John was okay with it.
They stayed in silence for only a short few minutes, and then there were guards rushing down the hall, and John stirred from his trance-like state, but as Sherlock tightened his grip John slipped back into his instinct-induced trance. Everything was a bit of a blur to him because of it, but he vaguely saw guards burst into their room. And then he was being moved around, Sherlock’s hand always firmly pressed to his bond bite and keeping him complacent. He was aware of the fact that he was being dragged back to the bed and rearranged until he was in Sherlock’s lap, facing sideways with his head tucked under Sherlock’s chin. And that was when the hand lifted off of his bond bite, and he slowly regained his consciousness.
For an Angel to fall in love with a Devil was treason of the highest order, and for a Devil to fall in love with an Angel. With a pang, John realised that Sherlock probably wasn’t Falling, and that meant tha the wasn’t in love with John. Sure, he loved John, but he wasn’t
Sherlock hummed softly, nodding, as they turned onto Baker Street.
Putting his head close to Sherlock’s, John sniffed at Sherlock’s neck and realised what was wrong. Sherlock had shut down, nearly two weeks without any form of contact with his mate had caused his body to start shutting down slowly, believing its Omega had rejected it. It was almost like a coma, an instinct that allowed an Alpha to grieve peacefully before re-emerging into the real world. John stood, which
“I know,” Sherlock responded, “I’ll miss you, too, my precious Omega. I love you.”
Smiling, John picked up the tray and made his way back over to Sherlock, sitting down so that his hip was pressed against Sherlock’s side. The Alpha curled around him slightly and half-closed his eyes as John began to eat, starving.
Sherlock didn’t respond to his words, simply nuzzled John’s hair and breathed in deeply. “It’s fine,” John mumbled after a while, relaxed into Sherlock’s hold, “But you can’t freak out every time that someone has a go at me. I am perfectly capable of defending myself.”
Sherlock hummed. “A day or two. I don’t want the police to come sniffing around and upset you,” Sherlock told him finally.
John sighed again, more annoyed this time. “Sherlock, you can’t stop me,” John warned, pushing at Sherlock to try and dislodge the dragon.
“John,” Sherlock snapped, his tone an order and John had no choice but to let go of Mike and step back to Sherlock’s side.
On the third day, someone tried to enter, and John snarled at them. A Beta, his mind provided, but a male and definitely
“Really?” he asked, excited. “I would love to!” then, he hesitated. “But… I’m not sure my parents would like that…”
Inside was a simple note saying:
Just as he was about to slip into sleep, his phone pinged and he peeked open his eyes to read it, before he fell asleep with a small smile on his face.
Sherlock sent him and John sighed in relief, leaning into Sherlock’s much larger body.
Sherlock’s gaze lifted and fixed on him, pupils blown wide with arousal and wings arched high over his head in a display of pure dominance that sent John’s knees giving out from under him and he ended up kneeling on the floor.
*.*.*.
Seeing as Sherlock had been the one to teach John how to transform to and from forms, it didn’t take Sherlock long before he was a wolf.
Hesitating for a moment, and then shrugging, John guessed that was now his place. He’d heard that the parents picked out a place for their baby and the Match so that they would have a good place.
John stood his ground, but was surprised. “That’s
There was a sigh from Sherlock, and John watched from the corner of his eye as Sherlock lowered his hand from his face and stared at John. “What was all that about earlier?” Sherlock asked, staring right at him, and John kept his gaze diverted.
“Hmm?” Sherlock asked, and looked down at his pocket, and pulled it out.
Sherlock gave a little whimper, “Five more minutes, John.”
“We’ll talk about this later, Sherlock,” Lestrade promised, and Sherlock nodded his head shortly.
John snorted in amusement. “I still have a job to do. They told me that you might have an infection but you wouldn’t let anyone near you so they couldn’t check,” John told him, his voice lightly scolding.
John quietly walked over to Sherlock and waited until the Alpha looked up at him, and glanced at the flower in his hand before flicking to his face, seemingly disinterested. John gave a small smile, bowing and presenting the flower to Sherlock, saying quietly, “For your intelligence and your restraint.”
John woke with a groan, rolling his neck and flexing his toes and fingers. Wiggling his eyebrows, he quickly figured out that he was blindfolded. His wrists and ankles were also bound. Sighing, John mused that he’d come-to like this far too often. Really, he was getting a bit old for this.
John was first to wake, rolling over and cuddling into Sherlock’s body, tucking his head under Sherlock’s chin (moving slowly so that he wouldn’t wake his Alpha) and inhaling deeply. The room stank of them and sex and heat, and John rather liked the smell.
Sherlock stilled, shock clear on his face. “What?” Sherlock asked, blinking rapidly.
John leapt to his feet, baring his teeth, ears flat against his head as he growled threateningly, taking a threatening step forward. He
They stayed like that for a while, curled up with Sherlock stroking John’s arm whilst John played with the flower Sherlock had given him.
Rushing back to Sherlock, John straddled him, bending over him and positioning himself so that Sherlock’s nose lightly brushed against his scent glands and the bond-bite Sherlock had left there. “It’s alright, Sherlock, I’m here,” John whispered tenderly, stroking one hand through Sherlock’s curls whilst the other rang gently over Sherlock’s body.
Cuddling closer, John sighed happily. Sherlock stirred slightly and grumbled softly, tightening his grip on John before relaxing again a moment later. It felt so right, to be here in Sherlock’s arms like this. He felt safe and content, but he was also awake now. His rumbling stomach informed him that he’d missed dinner, and he shifted around slightly, squirming so his back was too Sherlock’s chest and he blinked his eyes open and looked around, wondering if Sherlock had any food stored in his tent. John always kept food in his tent in case he got hungry or slept through a meal.
A pause in the deductions made John look up, and he saw Sherlock staring at him intently – no, staring at his hand covering his nose. Sherlock tore his gaze from John and glared at Lestrade. “Honestly, Lestrade, this is a simple case. I’ll text you the rest of the details you need to know later,” Sherlock said, quickly turning and striding from the room, snapping his fingers.
Stiffening, he felt panic shoot through him as he realised he couldn’t find Sherlock. Darting away from the man, John sniffed around and followed Sherlock’s scent, his panic growing as he realised it was accompanied by a wolf-like scent.
“He’s
“JOHN!” Sherlock called out after him, more a wail than anything, and John glanced back just once to see Sherlock with his arms outstretched towards him, and then his parents coming and taking him away and the door closing.
“How?” John asked, coming forward and sitting in his armchair across from Sherlock.
He wrapped his arms around the egg and turned on the telly, lightly caressing the shell with his fingers absently as he watched shows.
John inhaled deeply, and moaned. “Sherlock,” John whimpered. “Help. I feel horrible. I
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrowed. “Interesting,” Sherlock murmured to himself.
John nodded, and retracted his wings. “I’ve been monitoring it,” he admitted. “The longer period I am around you, than the faster it develops, but when I’m away from you, it slows.”
There, carved on his back, going from the bottom of his armpit on his left side all the way down to the top of his butt, was:
John stayed awake for a little while, just revelling in the comforting feel of being pressed to Sherlock’s side, and the warmth of Sherlock’s wing resting above him.
“Yours,” he agreed. “John always Sherlock’s.”
Several times, they had to press back against the wall of the corridor to avoid being seen by the guards and the occasional fellow prisoner being escorted to and from places.
“John,” Sherlock said, startled, obviously about to say more when the lady snarled in response, flashing her teeth.
John wandered slowly to the tent where the chess was held, and leaned against the supporting pole as he gazed around, trying to locate Sherlock as he fiddled with the hem of his shirt. He’d never been invited by an Alpha to watch before, so he was slightly nervous even though he knew he had no reason to be.
Sherlock pulled a flower from his pocket. The inside near the pollen was black, and faded to blue, with black outlining each petal. It was gorgeous. Sherlock twirled it in his fingers for a moment before he held it forward towards John. “For your compassion and your addiction to danger,” Sherlock said softly.
“Good boy, John,” Sherlock murmured in his ear as John whined, his voice even deeper than normal.
He was surprised when another contraction hit him, and he whined lowly.
This was really not good. This was, in fact, bad.
“Well?” Sherlock snapped, and John’s lips twitched before he extended his wings and curled them slightly so that Sherlock could easily see their full length.
The ‘something’ turned out to be Sherlock deducing others whilst John giggled and praised Sherlock. From that moment on, they were absolutely inseparable – both in school and out of it – and spent every spare moment together. Mostly, they spent time at Sherlock’s house, as John didn’t want Sherlock to have to suffer meeting the rest of his family, and Sherlock never pushed. No doubt he could hear John’s parents’ shouts even from his house.
Eventually, John drifted off into sleep, feeling peaceful and content.
Sherlock blinked. “Did I?” he asked curiously.
“Ah, hello,” John greeted with a smile, his voice rough from sleep and he propped himself up on his elbows and rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
“You’re a wolf, too,” Sherlock stated. “You were the one who made that stink around the murder so John wouldn’t smell you.”
Sherlock’s grip tightened on him, and Sherlock snarled. “Me? You didn’t even
“Oh, uh, no,” John answered, well aware of the Alpha in his bedroom.
“I will,” John promised Sherlock with a small smile.
Sherlock’s eyes sharpened. “Now, what’s the rush?” Sherlock asked smoothly, his voice changing suddenly into that of a low purr.
*.*.*.*
“I know,” Sherlock sighed, and John nuzzled Sherlock’s neck comfortingly, “I just couldn’t help it. I don’t want you to be harmed, and you were away for so long, and you’re pregnant…” Sherlock trailed off with another sigh.
*.*.*.*
John whimpered, twisting his head to lick Sherlock’s snout.
“Open,” Sherlock commanded, thumb swiping over John’s lower lip as he pulled back.
“You’re perfect. I’m going to get you out of this trap and take you home, and heal up that nasty injury of yours. You are mine from this moment on,” the human told John, his voice full of authority.
Sherlock was constantly on his shoulders whenever he could, in his protective stance where he could protect John if needed. Occasionally, when John was reading his book, Sherlock would scurry around the flat, constantly checking into John’s mind to make sure he was okay before carrying on, or he would curl up in the fire and enjoy the heat.
, John responded, shrugging as he padded over to Sherlock’s side and nudged him gently with his nose. Sherlock was much larger than him, but John didn’t mind – if anything, it was rather nice.
Sherlock’s large hands cradled John’s belly and his side as if he was the most precious thing he’d ever held, and Sherlock’s lips pressed multiple kisses all along John’s belly. He became aware that Sherlock was murmuring to his belly, so softly that John had to strain to hear it.
She grinned in response, flipping her hair over her shoulder. “Wolf?” she questioned, “we’re more human. You should know from your pet, but it seems you aren’t. Werewolves are a small community thanks to it being a recessive gene, but we are mostly human. Human born, raised and bred.”
“What does it say?” John asked, sleepy now.
Halfway through his lunch break, Sherlock’s voice entered his head.
John grunted at the feel. It was odd, but as Sherlock slowly started moving his finger, John relaxed and rocked back into it. Eventually, another finger was added, and then another, until John was desperately rocking back against Sherlock’s hand and moaning and beginning to sweat.
John changed into the clothes that Sherlock had bought for him – avoiding the panties for now – and wore the jeans and one of the shirts and the cream woollen jumper.
John had moved back into their flat after he’d forgiven Sherlock), but whatever room John was in, Sherlock would wander into and stay put. If John was watching telly in the living room, Sherlock would flop onto the couch next to him and start deducing whatever program they were watching with scorn. If John was puttering about in the kitchen, Sherlock would settle in at the kitchen table with some experiment, or he would demand a cup of coffee.
Sherlock glanced down at him, and his face softened. Pressing a quick kiss to John’s forehead, he explained, “John, this is Mycroft, my brother.”
. Just like he was Sherlock’s. “Alright, yeah,” John mumbled, not wanting to move from this position.
“That’s… concerning,” John managed to get out.
After all, there couldn’t be a Sherlock Holmes without a John Watson, nor a John Watson without a Sherlock Holmes.
John fought, wanting to sink his teeth into Mycroft’s flesh, and he quickly found himself on his back, a knee on his belly and a hand on his throat. Stilling instantly, John submitted to his Alpha.
“Tomorrow,” Sherlock said softly, “When my next gift arrives, will you accept?”
The next morning, when John woke as his alarm went off, Sherlock had his eyes closed and wasn’t moving. John sighed, and stroked his hand down Sherlock’s back gently. The small spikes were becoming firmer, but no sharper, which was a relief.
John was stunned, and his mind floundered for a few long moments. Sherlock certainly was blunt and cut to the point. Did he agree? This was his first time at the Games, was he really so lucky as to score an Alpha on the first try? He did like Sherlock, a lot, and he knew the basic things about the Alpha. Sherlock seemed to like him. He understood John’s addiction to danger, even commended him for it, just like he’d wanted an Alpha to.
“Mm. It’s just a sandwich, but I figured that it would be better than the food that you’ve got here,” John said, flushing a little and not meeting Sherlock’s soft gaze.
His Alpha was worried, John noted, but he didn’t have much time for thought as he lunged out of bed and shoved the furniture away, practically ripping the door off of the hinges as he flew out and tackled Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him and rubbing his naked body against the Alpha.
“So… We didn’t need to hide from the guards on our way here?” John asked after a pause of thinking.
John had lain in bed for a while, tried to eat something, thrown it back up, then, unable to stay in the flat a moment longer, went out for a walk.
“John.” The soft murmur roused John instantly, and he blinked his eyes rapidly, and the first thing he saw was Sherlock’s face next to him, happy and open.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment before holding it out. John walked over, and gently took it out of Sherlock’s hand, holding it up to the light for a moment and smiling. The inscription was still there. Sherlock just didn’t know who ‘JW’ was anymore. It was still in perfect shape, and John knew for a fact that the colour would never fade, and the inscription would stay forever. He still carried the one Sherlock had made for him in his pocket of his pants, and he could suddenly feel its weight clearly.
Only a few weeks after their marriage, John gave birth to twins – Elizabeth Rose Watson-Holmes, and Tyler Robert Watson-Holmes. John loved both of his pups dearly, and it was amusing to watch Sherlock freak out and be extremely over-protective at the start. John had almost expected to see Sherlock wearing baseball mitts when he was holding their pups, but thankfully that never happened (to John’s knowledge, anyway).
He could feel Sherlock’s grin against his ear, and could feel Sherlock’s excitement vibrating from him and through the bond. “For them to bring their new victim back so that we can catch them in the act,” Sherlock told him softly, the words barely more than a movement of Sherlock’s lips.
“Detective Inspector Dimmock,” he introduced himself flashing his badge at John, “Prisoner Sherlock Holmes has escaped. The guards told us that you were his doctor and that he seemed obsessed with you. You haven’t seen him, have you, Doctor Watson?”
John settled in quickly into his new home with Sherlock. As promised, he sent a letter to his parents to inform him that he was safe and sound and bonded with his Alpha. They had a few fights, but always made up (generally with sex) and it wasn’t long before John was pregnant with his first litter. Sherlock was just as excited and pleased as John was, and they spent almost an entire day making love tenderly and slowly.
on his long, lean figure, and it looked like he was in his mid-30’s.
Sherlock stood, glaring down at John for a few moments before he turned and shot out from the cave, his wings flapping strongly. John watched him, deflating and sighing. He really hadn’t changed that much. He still acted like a 100 year old sometimes.
And that was how John found himself leaning against a pillar at the far end of the hall, away from most of the people, a drink in hand (Mike had made him promise only one alcoholic drink for the night), and glaring as he surveyed the crowd. John knew he had changed since Sherlock left. He’d become more hostile and bitter, with a quicker temper and no tolerance for idiots.
John looked behind Sherlock to the pasta, and he admitted honestly, “I’m not hungry.”
, Sherlock’s voice entered his mind. Instantly, John’s gaze flickered to the fireplace where gorgeous blue, green and gold eyes were staring back at him.
“A flat in the centre of London. It’s not too far. Will you come home with me, John?” Sherlock sounded unconfident, and it was odd and John didn’t like it.
“You don’t deserve him, not after what you did! You have no idea how much you hurt him!
the voice repeated, sounding pleased.
*.*.*.
Sherlock was stalking slowly towards him. “What are you doing here,
He felt Sherlock huff out a breath, obviously unimpressed. Suddenly, Sherlock gave a low, keening whine and nuzzled John’s neck. Surprised by the sudden change of emotion in the small dragon, John glanced over at him and found Sherlock’s big eyes very sad.
“Why did you leave?” Sherlock asked softly.
, Sherlock’s voice soothed him.
Sherlock was quiet for a few minutes, before he finally spoke. It wasn’t an apology nor was it words of pity or anger. Instead, Sherlock said simply, “Come. Let’s get you washed and fed and trimmed.” And then Sherlock stood, snapping his fingers as he headed towards the bathroom.
John glanced away to hide his joy. Maybe there was even a chance that Sherlock still liked him? Still loved him maybe?
Sherlock stared at him for a moment more, a small smile twitching on his lips, before he turned and started walking, saying, “Come, John. We’ve much to discuss.”
,” he waved a hand to gesture to the cave, “is enough of a risk.”
John stilled and waited for Sherlock to relax before he slowly and painfully pulled himself from Sherlock’s (incredibly strong) grip. Finally, he was free and he breathed a sigh of relief.
John nodded and to his surprise Sherlock smiled. “So, you’re not afraid of being all alone in the woods?” he questioned, and John shook his head.
John greeted, trying to sound casual, and wagged his tail as he stood up and walked forward, nuzzling Sherlock.
John whined aloud, then reluctantly stood and made his way back to the flat. As much as he wanted to whinge and disobey, he didn’t dare to. The fresh air was so lovely, and the flat was stuffy.
“Mine,” Sherlock growled, nipping at his throat.
The human caressed John’s cheek in response, his scent spiking with pleasure, and then John was being moved until the human had access to the trap. John’s would had swelled up around it, and a spike of anger came from the human.
“Why?” Sherlock demanded sharply.
“John?” There was confusion and irritation in Mycroft’s voice, “Who is John?”
“I’ve never seen a flower like this, where did you get it?” Sherlock asked in a low murmur, not moving away as he gazed at John’s face admiringly.
Offering Sherlock his arm, he chuckled as the dragon quickly scrambled up and perched on his shoulders once more, tail wrapping around John’s upper arm.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he said, his voice wavering. He didn’t want to do this. He’d figured out his emotions for Sherlock over the years. He
Sherlock looked shocked for a moment, then puzzled. “You talk to our pup?” Sherlock asked, something that sounded a lot like awed pride in his tone.
Sherlock shook his head slowly. “No. I know
Sherlock gazed at him, eyes narrowing slightly before he relaxed and trotted over to John’s face and rubbed their muzzles together briefly.
“John?” Sherlock asked, voice tense.
*.*.*.
Smiling slightly, John watched from his spot by the entrance to the tent, and moved to the side slightly so he could get a better view and to let others come in and out through the tent.
“Of course I’m alone. The Yard is always slow to catch up,” Sherlock scoffed, and John grumbled internally. The nutter had better be lying, and that the Yard was actually outside.
Sherlock burst into action, picking John up and striding into the bedroom. Sherlock gave a low moan as he smelt the strong smell of slick and release and heat that had built up in the room. He gently lay John down on the bed then turned around and shut the door and pushed the furniture back in front of it.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck, tangling his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and holding on tight to his wonderful Alpha.
John knew he would never stop loving Sherlock. Even though he’d disobeyed Sherlock and been kicked out, John would never stop loving Sherlock, not ever. He’d sworn to stay with Sherlock forever and would love him always, and even if Sherlock didn’t let him stay, he would always love Sherlock. Nothing could stop that.
Sherlock ordered, voice sharp.
He felt safe here, and knew that Sherlock would never do anything that would harm him emotionally or physically, and knew that Sherlock would keep him safe and protect him. Sherlock hummed soothingly, his hands rubbing gently against John’s back until John relaxed and went practically limp in Sherlock’s hold. He gave a shuddering sigh, nosing Sherlock’s neck and squirming a little until he was completely comfortable. He could barely move in Sherlock’s grip, and it was a wonderful feeling. One of Sherlock’s hands crept up and carded through the hair at the back of his neck.
*.*.*.
John also knew that it was mainly his fault. After all, he had been the one to leave for weeks on end without any form of contact after they’d been bonded for only two weeks, and was pregnant with Sherlock’s pup. They’d both been strained by the separation, only John had had something else to occupy himself with to distract from the emptiness being away from Sherlock had caused. Sherlock had had nothing but his thoughts, and John felt guilty just thinking about it.
There was silence for a few moments, before Mrs Holmes appeared, and she smiled at John –who now looked like a 20 year old -, before she noticed Harry behind him. “Oh, dear,” she murmured, hardly audible.
Then, the door opened, and Sherlock appeared, and his eyes locked onto John before he shut the door swiftly and suddenly John was being pressed up against the wall. “What are you doing here?” he hissed, eyes narrowed.
Really, it was bound to happen sometime. It was a surprise that it hadn’t happened sooner.
For a while he lay there, panting and sweating, before he finally stood on two shaky feet. He walked through the trees, stumbling occasionally as he tried to get used to his centre of balance being different, until he stumbled across some of the material that most humans seemed to wear. It was hung up on some kind of thread attached to a metal pole in the ground, and John was quick to steal the material and flee. He struggled for quite a bit to get everything on, but finally he seemed to look just like a normal human. He knew he would be stuck like this until the moon rose the next day, and he wanted to go and checked on Sherlock to make sure his Alpha was okay. The collar he had been giving was hanging loosely around his neck, somehow getting tucked under the material he was wearing, and it was a bit odd for it to not be snug around his neck. But it was better than not having it on at all. John loved his collar.
John whined in pleasure, eyes falling closed.
John was quick to discover that wood covered all of the exits, and no amount of shoving would make them budge. How did humans get in and out of these blasted things?
If Sherlock wouldn’t let him sleep in his room, it was likely John would be out in the living room. Either way, he’d be closer to Sherlock than he had been in nearly four years.
“Did he just nod?” came a shocked voice, and John glanced past his Alpha to the one that had spoken, assessing him to see if he was a threat.
Sherlock hissed at him, climbing up his body until he was perched on John’s shoulders once more, pressing his sharp teeth against the side of John’s neck in warning.
John hummed softly, his frown easing. He was still mostly unsure about Sherlock’s reaction to him Falling, but he knew that Sherlock would protect him and wouldn’t harm him, and that was all that John needed to know for now.
“You do this to me, John,” Sherlock said softly, eyes half-closing as he twitched his hips slightly, “Only you. It will only ever be you, John.”
Sherlock’s gaze seemed to soften somewhat. “You think that is the only reason I am courting you? No wonder you haven’t accepted,” Sherlock murmured, standing up.
Sherlock had shut the door and didn’t reply.
Sherlock bent over him, grasping his hips and thrusting harder, and John came into the sheets below with a shout. Tears streaking his face, John turned his head and looked up as Sherlock orgasmed into him.
Sherlock was marking his back as well, biting and nipping and sucking, and his long fingers gripped John’s hips hard enough to leave bruises. It made John pant and moan at the thought of his body being littered with Sherlock’s claim on him.
John lied.
John knew that if Sherlock hadn’t been hell-bent on keeping John safe and out of sight, that guard would have been attacked and probably severely injured.
John and Sherlock were best friends for nearly a hundred years, before they were discovered. John had tried his best to be careful, but they couldn’t prevent everything. They made each other’s presents by hand, and each one was unique. Sherlock grew smarter and smarter, and he was a genius, but John knew he was the only one Sherlock was so open with. He told John things that he swore he’d never told anyone else, and John told Sherlock secrets that he’d never told anyone else.
John’s mouth was dry and he reached for his mug, taking a large gulp, eyes never leaving the screen. Sherlock had texted him. Sherlock wanted to meet him somewhere. A flat, probably. It wasn’t their old flat. Sherlock had probably moved out of there after John had given up and went off.
Sherlock’s thrusts were harsh and quick, keeping John pinned down and completely exposed to him. It wasn’t long before Sherlock orgasmed with a snarl, worrying at John’s throat with his teeth. John panted and pleaded under him.
“Completely,” John answered, gazing up at Sherlock’s face. He had so much that he wanted to say to Sherlock, and most of all he wanted to tell Sherlock that he was sorry and that he would always love him. Forever, he’d promised when Sherlock was eight and John seven.
John nodded, suddenly embarrassed, his face flushing as Sherlock started laughing, throwing his head back and full-on laughing, his body shaking slightly. John pouted slightly, and ducked his head to hide his red face, and Sherlock’s laughter eased slightly. “Sorry, sorry,” Sherlock apologised, “It’s just so odd. Most people want me for my money, and yet your first thought wasn’t how
“Instincts,” John explained as his heart rate slowed back down to a normal rate.
John came home, a month and a half since Sherlock had hatched, calling out a greeting, and stopped in surprise as the lazy greeting that was returned to him in that familiar voice wasn’t in his head, “Evening, John.”
could use the money – and for pups no less!” Sherlock sighed happily and used a finger under John’s chin to tilt his head up. “You are definitely the perfect Omega for me,” Sherlock said with a smile.
John looked closer at Sherlock and noticed that Sherlock was barely restraining himself from slipping into his Alpha instincts. The idiot Beta seemed to have realised this as well and was completely and utterly still. John knelt down beside Sherlock and rested against his Alpha’s body is silent comfort. Sherlock lifted on hand and rested it on top of John’s bond-bite possessively, causing John to go practically limp against Sherlock with closed eyes, trusting his mate to protect him.
, John responded, wrinkling his nose.
“I’m happy,” John whispered softly, “When I’m with you, I’m happy."
seen him,” Sherlock observed, and his tone became fierce, “Where is he?”
Sherlock roared his pleasure as he came, thrusting through it as John came as well a few thrusts later, slumping down onto the bed with Sherlock’s heavy weight on top of him.
to know Sherlock. He wasn’t so sure anymore.
John cried out as Sherlock fell backwards a step. “Mike!” John shouted, scowling, struggling to balance himself as Sherlock staggered and had to release John to gain his own balance back.
John huffed his displeasure, opening his eyes and gazing up at Sherlock with a pout. “I’ll miss you,” he whispered, not wanting Sherlock to leave.
“They don’t like anyone,” Sherlock answered after a moment, and gave a light tug to John’s hair, “Don’t worry, I promise that they won’t keep us apart.”
These were courting gifts, John realised in shock, glancing back at the bag then to the letter in his hand. This was courting. Sherlock was trying to court him! There were several stages in courting.
He’d already been here for two hours, and Mike was still talking to one female Sub with pretty chocolate wings, and John was bored. He’d already offended five Doms, punched three, and even gotten one to submit to him. John’s wings remained high in defiance, and he knew that they would only lower for one person – Sherlock.
“When did I do that?” Sherlock queried.
John whined eagerly, but stayed still and exactly where Sherlock wanted him. Sherlock was growling aloud, and the vibration was causing his tongue to vibrate and make John whimper and whine in pleasure at the feel of it.
“I’m glad,” John flirted, “I’ll give you a call later, if you’d like.”
“What are you doing here?” John ground out.
It was easy to fall back into old habits, and they fought sometimes as all couples do, but they were happy.
Sherlock sighed. “I don’t know, John. We’ll just take it easy today and see if you feel better tomorrow, okay?” Sherlock asked, and John knew very well that Sherlock was only being this patient with him because John wasn’t feeling well.
John thought that all of this was a bit ridiculous, but they were both allowed to go back to Baker Street, thankfully. For once, it was John and Sherlock in the flat, without needing to worry about police on their doorstep coming to arrest Sherlock. Most were still wary of Sherlock, and Mycroft forced Sherlock into a media meeting to clear everything up and get everything out in the open. To save John’s reputation, Sherlock told the media that John had been in on everything from the start, and that was why John had agreed to his courting and eventually bonding.
Even after promising that they’d never let Sherlock’s parents get between them, Sherlock had left him.
Blinking in shock, he watched as the dragon turned towards him as well, and with the human at its side, hurried towards him. Blinking rapidly, John shifted out of the energy world and watched, stunned, as the dragon quickly headed straight for him.
, it’s for the best!” John tried to persuade him, his chest heaving as his eyes flickered around.
"Yes, Mycroft put it there. Very drole. I'll let it out tomorrow."
After the brief pause, John pushed in a little farther, pressing against the walls but avoiding Sherlock's prostate. He alternated gentle strokes and pauses, waiting patiently for Sherlock's body to adjust. When he felt he was ready, he pressed in with another finger.
"Of course, Sherlock"
"Here you go," John said placing the small white bag on the table, "one drop in that eye every few hours for 10 days."
"I've seen a lot of bacterial pink eye lately, Sherlock. That certainly looks like an infection. No worries, I'll get you some antibiotic eye drops and it'll be cleared up in no time."
Basking in the warmth of his release, Sherlock emerged more fully from sleep to gaze up at the open blue pre-dawn sky, dotted with a few remnants of the night's stars. Feeling comfortable and relaxed, Sherlock turned on his side to face the ocean.
"And you can... help?"
. Cum inside me. Please."
John surfaced slowly from the depths of sleep. He was warm and comfortable, aware of a living, breathing body next to him. It felt very right. His head was pillowed on his left arm, his right hand rested on an angular hip. Behind his eyelids he could tell the light in the room was bright- much brighter than his own. He sighed deeply and snuggled closer to the man next to him. He pushed his pelvis forward just slightly, his usual morning wood pressing against his boxers. He opened his eyes and was immediately met with the calm but inquisitive seafoam blue-green stare of Sherlock Holmes.
He was fine. There was no patient waiting for him. No wounded soldier bleeding out while John floundered about in the wrong hospital. It was just a dream. He had spent the last few weeks so worried about Sherlock's nocturnal problems that he had almost forgotten about his own. He almost forgot how familiar it was to wake up confused, to not remember where he was. What it was like to watch the veil of the dream recede, leaving in its wake a bland reality that he was nonetheless relieved to return to.
Savory sage, rosemary, and thyme;
Pressing one steady hand against Sherlock's lower back, John guided him along the sidewalk, back towards home.
John carried on with the rest of his morning. He cleaned out the refrigerator and went through the mail that had piled up on the mantle. When Sherlock returned around noon, he greeted John cordially but was apparently in a contemplative mood and stole straight away to his bedroom with his laptop computer. John knocked on his door that evening to see if he was interested in dinner, but he responded in the negative. So, John made beans and toast for himself, watched telly, responded to blog comments, and then went up to bed to read.
John regarded Sherlock's back, hunched up and looking small on the couch. He imagined a curly-headed little boy who thought his parents wanted to
John rolled over onto the other side and struggled with the pillow as he tried to get comfortable again. His thoughts jumped from one topic to the next, spiraling back through the events of the past days. There were worries about Sherlock's sleepwalking. What if he hadn't stopped him the night he tried to walk down the sidewalk barefoot? What if, while asleep, he decided to concoct some dangerous chemical mixture in the kitchen or put the toaster in the sink? An obvious solution would be to sleep together in the same room. John wanted that. But did Sherlock? Thoughts, feelings, hopes, the last relationship he had with a man, a broken heart. John's mind was fully awake now. No use trying to sleep.
They sat together quietly, Sherlock listening to John breath slowly and deliberately in and out.
With a sigh, he laid back in bed, dropping his head onto the pillow and closing his eyes. That's right.
"I want this John. I've wanted this for a long time."
John sighed. Figured. Sherlock wasn't even awake.
Sherlock had woken that morning to a pleasant breeze and the great relief of seeing his friend resting in the shallows alongside where he slept beneath his sailcloth canopy.
Sherlock let go of John and crossed his arms over his chest. He huffed out a breath and stilled, obviously focused on calming himself down. John sat, waiting patiently, carefully giving Sherlock the space he needed.
A twitch of discomfort touched Sherlock's face. John paused, only half in. Oh, how he wanted to thrust forward, balls deep, but that wasn't how this worked. He waited patiently, fighting the instinct, until he felt Sherlock's body adjust to the intrusion. A nod from Sherlock and he pressed in a little deeper.
"I'm sorry, John." Sherlock spoke quietly. "I'm sorry I made you worry," he added. He doubted John could understand, but he spoke anyway, "and I'm sorry about this morning," then he rephrased, "I'm sorry about today sunrise." As far as Sherlock knew, the English words
"Yes, Sherlock?"
Sherlock nodded.
For as curious as Sherlock is of his companion, John is doubly attentive to Sherlock's needs and observant of his habitats. In fact, John's attentiveness likely contributed to the occurrence of an unfortunate incident between them one morning.
"Yes." She smiled and shifted the infant, looking back to the fire so that her friendly face was fully illuminated. "I was bound for Australia when... I... came here instead. It's been several years now. This is my child, Nikau. Hau and Kai are also my children, they are sitting over there with their aunties."
The conversation amongst the circle had died down and many of the women and children now openly stole glances at Sherlock as Molly began to speak.
"Thank you, John. If it's OK...with you... I'd like to sleep here tonight."
John woke early the next morning when his cellphone rang. It was the clinic- two doctors had called in sick with the flu and they needed someone to fill in on short notice. John was always happy to help out in such situations. He hadn't been to work in several days and he would appreciate the social contact, not to mention the paycheck.
John had just resolved to get up when he heard a bit of noise in the downstairs hall. Maybe Sherlock heard him yell? He never talked about his nightmares with his flatmate and he didn't want to start now. The git was so smart, he probably knew anyway. He listened as the footsteps reached the foot of his stairs and began to climb. Sherlock
Sherlock set the notebook aside and shed his wet trousers. He grabbed the sailor's shirt and slipped it over his head, enjoying the modest warmth it provided. It was not enough though, and he realized he was quite hungry. Feeling in the darkness to assemble materials for a fire and finding his flintstones, he sparked a fire and carefully stoked it until the flames were tall, returning the warmth to his limbs.
It was the usual dream. Sand, sun, hot blowing wind. John was supposed to be in surgery but he was at the wrong field hospital. He was AWOL, desperately trying to get back to his duties, but completely clueless as to where he was supposed to be. Each room he tried was wrong, wrong,
Sherlock's lips were red and wet. A high blush graced his cheeks and he was breathing a bit heavily. He looked debauched and it was the most alluring thing John had ever seen.
Sherlock replied with a quiet and simple "good morning."
Sherlock occupies his curiosity most often with John. He observes his companion carefully, noting that he often searches for food in the mornings and he eats at least 3 times as much as Sherlock does. John often tears the raw flesh from fish with his pointy teeth, but he seems to especially enjoy when Sherlock shares cooked fish with him. John rarely leaves the ocean entirely, though he certainly can. Instead, when he wants to be close to Sherlock while he sits on the shore, John will recline, chest against the sand, arms crossed beneath his chin, the small waves lapping at his waste with his octopod parts submerged in the lagoon.
(See the end of the chapter for
John gave him a reassuring smile. "Alright. Can I do it again?"
Sherlock clutched at John, burying his wet face against John's chest. He didn't say anything, instead, his gasps and sobs escalated. It certainly seemed like yet another sleep disturbance. John was at a loss- what could he do? "Oh, sweetheart," John held him tight. "It's OK, you're alright, I've got you." He continued to hold him firmly, gently stroking his back and whispering assurances. At one point he leaned back, brushing the damp curls away from Sherlock's face so he could see his eyes. The blue-green irises, visible just barely in the low light, were unfocused  and unseeing.
Slowly,
"I visited your village once before, did you see me then?"
in people, when I often saw the bad. You walked the city with me. The parks and back alleys and, yes, crime scenes. Everywhere we go, we met new people. And things are better for me now because of it. I have you, and the work, and my job at the clinic, and all the people I see."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked away, but not before the doctor saw the flash of conflict cross his flatmate's face. John recognized it as the look he had when he wanted to seem indifferent, unreachable, but he was, in fact, considering what John just said. It was like John had lobbed a mysterious parcel over Sherlock's protective walls and he was carefully examining the suspicious item to make sure it wasn't a bomb. John waited patiently.
"That sounds marvelous," John replied as he gave Sherlock a tight squeeze. Sherlock's bed. Big and covered with luxuriant linens and smelling of Sherlock. He kissed Sherlock on the lips, sincere but comparatively chaste to before, and settled back down next to him under the cozy covers. Indeed, he wanted nothing more than to sleep beside Sherlock every night and make love to him every morning. Not just because each of them would sleep better, and Sherlock would be safe from the sleepwalking, but because he was happy. He was finally with the man he loved. With that thought, he slipped back into a warm and comfortable sleep.
The rain had stopped but the winds had picked up and Sherlock could see white waves breaking beyond the reef. Without as much as the opportunity to look back at his home, John slid back into the sea, pulling the canoe along with him.
Events proceeded quickly after that. Sherlock was lead up amongst the palm trees and covered verandas to where more women were preparing parcels and baskets. The atmosphere was tense and somber, the women paying only brief attention to Sherlock before returning to focus on their tasks. Groups of men, none paying any mind to Sherlock, bundled away sections of houses and various goods, lashing them tightly to trees. There were far fewer people than Sherlock had seen during his first visit. Of the perhaps hundred villagers, only a dozen men and women remained, working diligently around him. The unfamiliar language swirled between them and no one addressed Sherlock, but he did receive several reassuring smiles here and there. A heavy basket was placed in his arms and he was urged along with the group as they disembarked up the side of the mountain.
*****
"Um... I ah... was up. I couldn't sleep. I was wondering if, maybe, you'd be alright if I... ah... if I could sit here with you for a while?"
Where no water sprung, nor a drop of rain fell,
. I want you. Inside."
John met and moved in with Sherlock 6 months ago and the two had become fast friends. John was learning the man's many eccentricities and he was thankful for the companionship. Even if Sherlock played the violin in the middle of the night and didn't speak for days on end (and occasionally went days where he seemed to speak non-stop), John was enjoying their unique life together. John didn't have other friends, and Sherlock was reluctant to "socialize" with other people unless he wanted something, so the pair often spent much of their time together, either on cases or simply at home.
John considered. "Look, sleepwalking is fairly normal in children and it certainly doesn't signal a mental illness. It sounds like you grew out of it, as children usually do, so I'm sorry you were treated that way. What's happening now is probably just caused by stress or fatigue, or just the strain of that last case. Was there something about that last case that bothered you particularly?"
Gradually, John's motions slowed and his grip on Sherlock's body loosened slightly. The tentacle around Sherlock's neck moved away, leaving some rough scratches behind. Once Sherlock could turn his head, he stayed close, pressing one ear against John's chest. He realized the deep rumbling noise he had heard earlier was, in fact, coming from inside John. He coughed to expel a small amount of water that had flooded into his nose and blinked open his eyes. When he instinctively tried to lift his hand to wipe the water from his face, the tentacle wrapped around his wrist allowed him to do so.
"Hello," Sherlock replied then opened and closed his mouth a few times in confusion. Molly giggled at his awkwardness. "You're English?" he finally asked.
Sherlock raised his hands up from the water, the tentacle wrapped around each wrist had loosened and slid down so they now supported his upper arms, helping to keep him upright. He still had the notebook, wet but hopefully salvageable, clutched in one hand. With the other, he reached for John's face, stroking the smooth cheek before leaning in to hug him. They stayed like that for some time, chest-to-chest, Sherlock resting his head on John's shoulder and trying to convey through the hug what words could not: that it was all just a misunderstanding and he held no ill feelings towards his friend. By the time the sun's light had faded from the horizon, leaving only the silver glow of moonlight, Sherlock had been in the water for quite some time and he began to feel cold.
Sherlock responded, his voice low and serious. "Just observe." So John sat patiently next to his friend, their shoulders touching, and perhaps 5 minutes ticked by. Sherlock said nothing more and continued to watch the fireplace closely. John was finally feeling the exhaustion of the day. Best get Sherlock back to bed so he could go to sleep himself.
Sherlock swallowed. He hesitated. "John, it's probably viral, I'd like to wait and see if it goes away on its own."
John waited, but Sherlock didn't elaborate.
"May I?" John asked as he skimmed his fingers along the waistband of Sherlock's pajama bottoms. Everything about Sherlock's body language and the noises he was making said he wanted this.
Several hours must have passed, and as he climbed higher, the terrain became increasingly steep. Finally, the streambed he was following dead-ended in a pool surrounded by tall vertical rock faces on 3 sides. Water trickled down to feed the pool from a falls at the top, some 10 yards above his head. Realizing he could go no farther and the sun would soon set, Sherlock decided to return to the beach.
After a period of silence, Sherlock finally spoke up. "It was during year 6. My parents switched me to a new school. I hated it." Sherlock paused. His back rose and fell as he took a deep breath. "I had a... difficult time in school. I didn't get on well with the other kids. I guess I didn't fit in. My mother was convinced I had social adjustment problems and
When John returned home that evening, he was delighted to see that Sherlock had already made dinner. The air in the flat smelled warm and inviting and a tossed salad was sitting out on the worktop. The chairs had been returned to the table and the dishes were washed and put away.
Without any seam or needlework,
Sherlock turned back to his work. "Alright. A little warm. Scratchy. I'm sure it will pass."
Sherlock was still anxious but he followed John's direction. Reclined on the couch, he blinked up at John, the unhealthy sheen of his pink eye catching in the light. It was pretty bad.
John has 4 pairs of very large, very strong tentacles. The pair closest to his front are somewhat longer and more slender at the tips, and the hind pair are the most stout. Sherlock has never seen what lies buried inside the ring of tentacles, but he assumes John must possess an anus, perhaps at the center of the tentacles where an octopus's mouth would be. Sherlock has no knowledge as to the details of John's sex. Sherlock remembers his invertebrate zoology class at the University quite well. If John is like other octopods, and he is male as his countenance suggests, then one or two of his tentacles would be specially adapted to deliver his seed to a female. Many octopus species enter senescence and die shortly after reproducing, so Sherlock hopes quite strongly this is not the case with his friend.
"Good morning, Sherlock," John said as he filled the kettle for tea.
John continued, carefully and quietly. "That's a pretty bad infection, it can't feel good. I'm worried that left untreated it could damage your eyesight."
"I think I'm ready to talk about it."
Savory sage, rosemary, and thyme,
"How's it feel?"
Sherlock was ready because he trusted that John would do as he promised.
It felt like a near eternity for the storm to finally pass, but even then, most of the women he was with stayed. As many men and women began to leave, Molly explained that they must remain in the cave until the rains stopped and the rushing streams calmed. He learned that the people regularly fared such storms and they always persevered with careful preparation and much work and rebuilding once the storm passed.
"We're not fighting, Sherlock, you were sleepwalking and I accidentally startled you. You're alright?"
"Well," John started, "shortly after you went to bed last night, before I turned in, you came out of your room and were walking in your sleep."
Sherlock swallowed. He was reluctant but after a short pause, he supplied a simple answer. "I'm not comfortable with things near my eyes."
It was getting rather late, but the spy novel John was reading was a real page-turner. He lay comfortably in bed, warm under his duvet with his head propped up on several pillows. The bedside light cast a gentle glow and the flat was quiet and peaceful. His shift at the clinic was at noon the next day. No reason why he shouldn't read one more chapter.
"Hmm... yeah?"
Sherlock waved him away. John sighed. The simplest things with Sherlock could be unnecessarily complex. Oh, well, he was a grown man, John reasoned, it wasn't his place to micromanage his flatmate. John put away the groceries and continued his day.
He reached down and gently stroked around Sherlock's hole, the warm lube slipping easily. He circled and stroked, stilling his ministrations with his right hand while he patiently waited for
"Sherlock!" John shouted again as he finally came up behind him and reached for Sherlock's arm. At the contact, Sherlock turned, fist swinging towards John's head. The motion was clumsy and John easily dodged the punch, grabbing Sherlock's wrist and turning him so that John had him from behind with his other arm hooked around Sherlock's elbow. Even in his right mind, Sherlock would struggle to escape being held in this position as the shorter man, with his more compact strength, had the advantage.
Surprised, Sherlock turned to regard the face of the woman who had so unexpectedly just greeted him. She was perhaps 30 years old, her once pale skin tanned, and her petite features framed by dark brown hair that had been bleached by the sun. Her face was half-lit by the fire as she turned to face Sherlock. She had kind, brown eyes, a pleasant smile, and she cradled a very young baby boy sleeping in her arms.
"Not at all."
"Yes, that is why you mustn't sit with the men."
It was past midnight when John finished his spy novel. He made a quick trip downstairs to the loo. Sherlock's door was still closed.
"Oh... You have a husband, then?" Immediately he chided himself for being so forward. It had been so long since he had a conversation with someone, his old social awkwardness, especially when speaking with a lady, was back in full force.
The case had gone on longer than most. It had taken 5 days for Sherlock to solve it. Five days of intense all-nighters, interviews with suspects, and chasing down red herrings. John was there for most of it, but, unlike his mad flatmate, he insisted on sleeping at night. He didn't know exactly what Sherlock did between the time John climbed the stairs to his own bedroom and when the sun came up, but he knew it didn't include all that much sleeping.
John froze but was eager to explain. "Sherlock, wow, yeah, um... about
John very easily recognized this behavior as sleepwalking. Somnambulism. He did not know Sherlock to sleepwalk. Perhaps Sherlock had been sleepwalking before and John simply assumed he was up working or doing whatever else he did in the middle of the night? Sleepwalking was fairly rare in adults and if it was a new activity for the detective, it could indicate a problem. He would have to speak with Sherlock about it tomorrow.
"You've done this before, yeah?"
As if that wasn't the hottest thing John had ever heard. He recovered Sherlock's cock in his mouth, his own erection even heavier now at the promise of what was to come.
Sherlock never talked about his family or his past. Beyond Mycroft, John knew nothing of the people or events of his mad flatmate's early life. John was a medical man, he saw the signs that Sherlock had a history of drug abuse and likely other traumas. They never talked about it, and Sherlock had been sober and apparently healthy since John moved into Baker Street.
. The marks on his chest and neck must have been quite visible even in the dim light. He could feel his cheeks coloring. John was their brother?
Sherlock found Molly was easy to speak with. She was friendly and patient. She described with some detail her past and the events that brought her to the island. She came from a modest family in Cornwall and served as governess and companion to the children of a wealthy widower who had frequent business dealings in London. Her father became sick with brain disease and her employer generously supported her while she cared for him during his long illness. When her father eventually passed, she returned to live at her benefactor's estate, but the children had all grown and left for school, and she was very lonely and wanted a family of her own. Reluctant to remain a burden on the kind widower, she accepted a marriage proposal from a young business associate of his. Her new husband was very successful, yet not as respectable as she had been led to believe at the time of her betrothal. After less than a year of unhappy married life, they left London for prospects in New South Wales.
." The smile faded and his disappointment was palpable. "But... thank you."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thank you, Molly, I am glad to have met you. I am grateful to your people for welcoming me and I hope I can come back and see you soon."
"Henry Booker, I guess Donovan was right. I am like him in some ways. What he did was heinous, of course. Inexcusable. But, I know, a bit, what it's like. Being so alone. I was always alone. It's tempting to just... give up. To get trapped in your own head. I was Henry's age when I started to figure it out. But, I had a friend, I guess he wasn't so... fortunate."
"John?" Sherlock's hesitant voice came through the darkness.
, John pushed into Sherlock's willing body. The tight heat enveloping him was exquisite.
John smiled. It was a genuine smile that matched the joy he felt at that moment. The closeness with this cherished man. "Good morning, Love," he responded.
from downstairs. He jumped up and descended the stairs towards Sherlock's room. The sleep-heavy tone of Sherlock's voice had not inspired his sense of danger, but instead activated his instincts as a caregiver.
After several minutes, it was Sherlock who proceeded. A tip and forward circle of his hips, and it was obvious what he was asking for. But he said it anyway. He said it in a ridiculously low and seductive voice, dripping with arousal, and it drove John around the bend. "John,
John showered, shaved, and quickly dressed. Sherlock's bedroom door was still open a crack, the detective sound asleep in bed. John grabbed a quick piece of toast for breakfast and was down the stairs and out the door by 7:30 AM.
"No, it was about the time this child was born. I heard of you, though, you belong to Wh'an. He is our brother."
Sherlock huffed out a deep sigh and a slight eye roll. "It's easy on other people, John," he explained. "I've dissected human eyes before, it doesn't bother me. It's different when it's my eyes."
Sherlock watched until her form was no longer visible against the shadows of the palms along the shore. Now he was alone for the first time in so many days. He felt the solitude of the dark and strange beach.
"Shh.... shh.... what's wrong, Sherlock? Are you awake?"
John was warm and cozy. A car went by outside. The sounds of Sherlock's breathing were accompanied by the reassuring rise and fall of his chest. Once again, 221B Baker Street was still and quiet. All the worries that had just been circling in John's mind evaporated and he drifted slowly into a peaceful sleep.
Molly frowned. "I do not know. Perhaps I will speak with my grandma, but it is rude to ask so many questions about Sea Brother."
John's bedroom at 221B was quiet, but not as quiet as usual. He could hear Sherlock's steady breaths, in and out. He felt the heart beating beneath his hand and felt the warmth in his own. He was truly happy. John drifted off to sleep: free from fear of nightmares, and secure in knowing Sherlock was safe in his arms.
"I am glad to have met you, Sherlock," she said as she reached up to embrace him. Nikau squealed in evident delight at the gesture. "If Wh'an chooses, he will bring you back to us and I will be thankful. The elders say we will celebrate then."
John removed the cap and once again he repeated the motion, smooth and unhesitant.
John was startled by a shout, a quiet but heart-wrenching
Sherlock took a deep breath, then was quiet. There probably wasn't much he could reply to all that, but John just hoped he believed it.
Once back in bed, wrapped in warmth, he switched out the light. Within just a few minutes, he felt himself sinking towards sleep.
"Let's always sleep together. You should move downstairs into my room."
It was difficult for Sherlock to say goodbye to Molly, as a small part of him dreaded returning to the solitude of life on the neighbor island.
Four more times, John asking each time, and he could see Sherlock was getting bored.
John thrust a little faster, a little harder, then angled back up toward Sherlock's prostate. Sherlock yelled, his muscles clamping down tight on John's cock as he came in several creamy stripes onto his own stomach. John tumbled over the edge, the intensity of his own orgasm taking him by surprise as he came into Sherlock, moaning and twitching with several slight jerks as he emptied himself inside the loved body.
John replaced the cap and put the bottle down on the table next to him. He rested his empty hands on his knees.
"Yah, it's just me, Sherlock." John let him go but kept a hand on his arm as he turned him to see his face.
"A little... uncertain... but not as bad as I thought."
John took the lube in his hand and looked back up into Sherlock's eyes. "You sure?"
," John could hear the contempt in his voice, "including medications, would fix me. I didn't like being treated like I was...
in the dark, but before he could make up his mind, Sherlock shuffled away and turned over. He snuggled back towards John and fit himself as the little spoon against the older man. John reached over Sherlock's hip, placing his hand over Sherlock's heart and hugged him tight to his chest.
. A flutter of embarrassment, of regret, touched his stomach. It had been several days since he woke up in bed with his flatmate. They hadn't talked about it, John hadn't offered any more explanation or details of Sherlock's nighttime outburst because Sherlock hadn't asked. The hopeless pair had simply carried on life as they always did.
"One."
"Yah, sure," John replied. He picked up the newspaper that he hadn't a chance to read yet and scanned the front page headlines. Sherlock knew John was there for him when- if- he wanted to talk.
Sherlock was quiet.
"Sherlock! It's me, John! I'm not trying to hurt you!" he shouted as Sherlock writhed and twisted, arching back against John's chest to try and throw him off balance. The detective continued to struggle, whining in complaint and grunting with his efforts, but not speaking. "Wake up, Sherlock! It's John. Please, I need you to wake up! NOW!"
The doctor moved slightly, nudging Sherlock with his shoulder to make sure he wouldn't startle. He stood and moved around behind Sherlock, one hand on his shoulder. He reached for Sherlock's hand, which lay relaxed on his knee. Standing next to him, John tugged his arm gently, urging him to stand.
Sherlock considered the question before finally responding in the negative.
Sherlock reflected on this for some moments, it was sad, but seemed to confirm the impression that he had of his friend. Kind and caring, fierce when necessary, but
"Good morning, John," came Sherlock's deep, sleep-rumbled voice, accompanied by a press of his hips.
John paused. There was nothing he could think of that he wanted more than to curl up in bed with his best friend. Once he had Sherlock warm and safe in his arms, he could drift comfortably to sleep.
John continued to hum through another stanza quietly. He shuffled farther onto the bed and turned Sherlock to lay down on his pillows, his head resting on John's left arm. He stopped humming, allowing the room to fall to silence when he saw Sherlock's eyes were finally closed and he appeared to be resting. He breathed in and out through his slightly open mouth to bypass his clogged sinuses, a quiet snore already beginning to sound. John pulled a tissue from a box on the bedside table and wiped gently at Sherlock's snotty nose. He would be mortified if he remembered any of this. Which, hopefully, he wouldn't. Actually John wasn't ready for Sherlock to remember this either.
"Third year, he went to study in France. He met somebody. We drifted apart."
"But, that spring, I made a... good friend. Victor. We became boyfriends. Victor was charismatic. Professors and students liked him. He had an energy that drew people in. He always saw the
Sherlock took a slow, deep breath and let it out. "My first year at uni, I didn't have many friends. I didn't have any friends, actually." Hurt flashed through John's heart at the thought of Sherlock being so alone at what was, for most young people, a wonderful time filled with new people and experiences.
"Are you ready for me to take the cap off? I promise I won't let any drops fall."
John opened his eyes to the dim morning and the warmth of a living, breathing body up against his back. John was now the little spoon. He sighed deeply. It felt nice. He had slept straight through the night. No nightmares, no worries, just rest.
After a short pause, Sherlock must have decided it would be easier to just answer. "In my room, bookshelf by the window, second shelf from the top."
Sherlock froze, his breathes coming in quiet pulses as he realized he was caught out.
He flipped the cap of the lube open and squeezed a generous amount into the palm of his right hand. He let it warm before covering his left index and middle fingers, then stroked the rest along the base of Sherlock's cock as he pulled his mouth off. This next bit required a little more concentration.
John smiled warmly, recapping the bottle to set it aside. "You did it, Sherlock, you did good. That was it."
"Of course, as I said, I've been here quite some time."
were not in John's vocabulary, but
John looked down. Indeed, Sherlock was barefoot. His pale feet contrasted against the wet asphalt.
"You said this happened before? When you were a boy?"
Sherlock was shy and socially awkward, yet John could tell he cared for people, as often evidenced by his willingness to take on cases for private clients, even when they were boring. He was extremely intelligent and quick witted, John never tired of hearing him rattle off his deductions at crime scenes. Sherlock presented himself as cocky and self-assured, but John quickly realized the man actually craved attention and validation, which he accepted from John. John was happy to provide what Sherlock needed, showering him with praise and quiet smiles when appropriate, which was often.
So, again, he tipped the bottle over, careful there were no drops ready to fall, and moved the bottle over Sherlock's pink eye before taking it back and turned it upright again. He would do this a hundred times if it was what Sherlock needed.
Sherlock tried his best not to worry over the loss of his material possessions, instead he thought of John. John would come back for him and take him away again. They would build another home together.
Sherlock took one last look then switched off the scope light and rose from his chair. "I made an eggplant parmesan. What type of pasta do you want with it?" he asked as he filled a pot with water and set it to boil on stove.
As Sherlock had hoped, he soon began to enjoy the journey, collecting leaves and flowers to sketch for later, carefully mapping the topography around him, and counting the paces between each turn so that he could track distance between features. The forest was thick and green, replete with fruit trees and colorful birds chirping merrily and showing no fear of him, as they were undoubtedly completely naive to humans.
*****
"Alright..." Sherlock responded. He was feeling a little confused. How could these people know about the mythical beings that created them? Did Molly really believe it? Was he truly special to John? John, who held such a place in the lives and creation myths of the society he now found himself in. Was Sherlock really that special? The thought brought a lightness to his stomach, but also made his separation from John all the more poignant.
"Hello," a cheerful voice spoke from next to him.
"Hmm? Oh, no, not really. Just a little red today. Must have got something in it." Sherlock continued to stare into the scope.
Sherlock understood that his home had likely been swept away by the storm as well. His sailcloth roof and small round hut would be gone. His meager possessions: the knife and dissection implements, the oil lamp, and his flintstones were certainly lost.
Sherlock remembered how John seemed to understand the village elder who spoke to him on their first visit. It was almost too perfect. Sherlock had found an Englishwoman who spoke John's language! He had so many questions, but was hesitant to speak impetuously to a lady.
John rutted up against Sherlock's thigh. He was so hard. He shifted all his weight to his right elbow and ran his left hand down Sherlock's chest. When he reached the bottom of his t-shirt, he reached up underneath it, running his palm over the smooth skin and firm muscle. John's hand slid back down past his navel to the sparse hairs at the waist of his pajama bottoms and paused. He opened his eyes, which he hadn't realized he closed, and leaned back to see Sherlock, breaking the kiss in the process.
A knowing smile ghosted Sherlock's lips. "I assume you are here only because I was sleepwalking.
"mmm.. no.. thank you."
"Nothing, really. You just moved the chairs around. You were interested in the fireplace, but didn't say why. You were only up a few minutes before you went back to your room." John didn't elaborate that he had taken Sherlock back to bed himself.
Sherlock was caught off-guard by the question. He thought it over.
Sherlock closed the distance between them and gently kissed John's lips. It was a tentative exploration of tongues, breathing, and bumping noses. Sherlock broke the kiss and leaned back, his blue-green irises dark in the dim light.
"I see..."
"Yes."
On this lazy Sunday morning, John lay in bed listening carefully for the sounds of Sherlock downstairs in the kitchen. This morning he must have been doing something with the microwave. John heard the timer beep, then Sherlock popping the door open, then sometime later the beep again. The air was beginning to take on a not-terribly-unpleasant smell similar to chicken soup, but the scent was undoubtedly being generated by something far less edible.
"Other than try to leave the house, no," Sherlock replied.
"Try it on me. Just put a few drops in each eye, next to the iris towards the inside."
"OK, again with the cap still on?"
"Well, how long did it last and did your parents do anything to help?"
"What I'm saying, Sherlock, is you're the rescuer, not the one being rescued. You are worthy of love and being loved. So anytime you need to, you can come up here and see me, OK? I'm here for you. I'm not going anywhere."
Several moments of comfortable quiet passed between the friends. Finally, Sherlock jumped up off the couch and headed to the kitchen. "I have work to do, John."
Sherlock, obviously exhausted, had showered and gone to his room by 9 o'clock with no additional conversation. John knew the longer, more complex cases were draining for Sherlock, and the detective would take some time to decompress and process the details. Sometimes he spoke to John about aspects that troubled him: grievances of witnesses against victims who had been so horribly treated; blatant attempts to rewrite the truth into something more convenient; comments from spiteful Yard detectives, envious of the spotlight that Sherlock so often occupied. The attacks from fellow detectives were especially taxing. They were carefully crafted to cut deep into the armor Sherlock wore in public. The detective tried so hard to conceal his humanity, but John knew better than most people that Sherlock was a deeply empathetic and sensitive person. That Sherlock had come to trust John with these vulnerabilities, as well as so many other aspects of their daily lives as flatmates, was testament to how far their friendship had come in the less than 1 year of their acquaintance.
Eventually, it was Mike who convinced him to go to the Ball. Balls were held every two months, to help Subs and Doms meet, and were held at every local hall.
“I’m John,” he introduced himself, and Sherlock smiled, producing a white feather from his pocket, and held it up to John’s wings to compare them. Everyone’s wings were different, and John’s wings were rounded, and so were his feathers, like a really fat oval, and his held a touch of silver at the tips, making them shine in sunlight.
*.*.*.
John sat on the edge of the bed, and Sherlock’s fingers twitched before grasping onto John’s shirt, his body seeming to relax even more. An eye peeked open, and John noted that this eye was glazed over and unfocused (most probable cause was the amount of pain he was in, but a fever was also a possibility), and focused on John for a moment before a wry smile passed over his face and his eye closed once more as he relaxed with a content sigh.
Sherlock was still eating, digging his claws into the meat and using his sharp, sharp teeth to rip into it. Moving through Sherlock’s memories (which were few, and there were a lot of dark ones which when he entered one, he found his own voice talking to Sherlock), John found one where it was when Sherlock had first hatched. He watched through Sherlock’s eyes as the dragon turned and his gaze fell on John, could feel and see the bond, which was weak and pale, strengthen and widen, and pulse with a shimmering bright gold colour. He watched as Sherlock clambered up onto his chest and curled up there, simply watching John.
Smiling in content, John slipped off into sleep.
, John pleaded mentally.
“Come on, Sherlock,” John said softly, lowering his hands to help Sherlock up.
Finally, John knew he had to tell Sherlock – damn the consequences, he was Falling anyway! – so he took off from his cloud, and took deep breaths to calm himself as he flew to the Holmes’ mansion. He hadn’t been here for a reason for Sherlock to see him for over a thousand years. He had an uncomfortable sensation in his gut the closer he got to the mansion.
“I saved some from dinner for you,” Sherlock mumbled, shifting around before settling and pet the space next to him, “Come. Your body warmth is comforting.”
Sherlock pulled his fingers back and John cried out at the loss, only to be shushed as Sherlock ran his hands up and down John’s sides. John felt something blunt at his entrance, and then Sherlock was slowly pushing in and filling him so completely as John’s mind whirled with pleasure.
John shrugged.
*.*.*.
Tilting his head back to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder, John gazed up at Sherlock’s face. He could see the Alpha pride and the contentedness and the bliss of being new mates, but also sadness. They both knew that he couldn’t keep out of jail forever.
When John made it to Sherlock’s room and slipped inside, he instantly noticed something was wrong. For one, the room was dark. John stayed still, back to the door as he waited for his eyes to adjust. What he saw when his eyes adjusted shocked him. The room was in a complete mess, the bed looked like it had been thrown against the wall, and newspaper clippings looked like they’d been swept from the desk that also looked like it’d been hurled. On the mattress on the floor, was Sherlock’s huddled form.
John had lingered outside the flat for months on end, but Sherlock never once called for him or looked for him.
“Because they were going to hurt you if I didn’t!” John said loudly, frustrated, before taking in a deep breath and letting it out slowly. “If I didn’t stop seeing you, they were going to go after you and hurt you. I couldn’t – can’t – let that happen, Sherlock, okay? I just
“What did you do?” John asked hesitantly, curious but unsure if he really wanted to know.
“What d’you mean, he’s yours?” One of the humans asked, cautiously lowering his weapon.
“You-,” John gasped out, tears spilling down his cheeks and his whole body shook.
“In the club, when you were with that girl, I felt… weird,” John said, curious if Sherlock knew what had happened to him.
John whined, sleepy and unhappy, and grasped at Sherlock. “I don’t wan’ you t’ go,” John grumbled.
Together, they lived their life and faced hardships and losses, and together they stayed – though life and death.
John Watson was only young when Sherlock Holmes was born – in Angel terms anyway. He was 1 546 years old; give a few months - his birthday having passed mere months beforehand. His mother always scolded John for being so reckless and curious, but he just couldn’t help it – it was part of who he was. Angels lived up in the clouds, while Devils mostly roamed the streets of the human world, causing terror and chaos, but their main home was underground – in Hell.
Sherlock snarled again, and forced John’s head back onto the floor. “Sherlock,” John groaned in frustration, “Let me help, dammit!”
After they were washed and dried and dressed, they headed into the kitchen after taking down the barricade John had erected. The flat was clean and tidy, heavy with the floral perfume and the Beta scent of Mrs Hudson.
*.*.*.
The next day, John woke from his nap behind what he’d learned to be a sofa, to the sound of an unfamiliar voice. Instantly alert, his ears pricked as he sniffed the air. It was another human, smelling of the same family as his Alpha. Littermates, then. It still made John uncomfortable that there was someone else in their territory. His eyes caught sight of his Alpha’s bare feet coming in to the room, then a pair of feet enclosed in black polished leather.
Sherlock’s shock was clear, and he grumbled for a few moments before sighing dramatically and agreeing, “Fine. You can help on the case. Now, get back over here!”
Closing his eyes, he wrapped himself in the cocoon of his wings, and placed his hands above his stick, closing his eyes and breathing deeply as he concentrated, conjuring up the energy within him, which then came shooting out his hands in a wash of light, as he focussed on the image on his head. Opening his eyes, he smiled, picking up the pencil. It was a brilliant white like his wings, the end light silver near the lead part, and the grass had been transformed into a gorgeous green, over-lapping pattern on the white. The nut at the top had become a grey bell, the feathers dangling off of it. In the middle on one side, it was inscribed with black writing ‘To SH from JW’.
John didn’t know how much time passed, before Sherlock snapped the book shut, gaining John’s attention as he opened his eyes and tilted his head to look at Sherlock, who glanced at him apologetically. “Chess is about to start,” he said in explanation as he stood.
“I know,” John said, reaching up and stroking Sherlock’s head gently as he entered the bathroom. He quickly peed and washed his hands, wondering at how completely normal it felt for Sherlock to be perched onto his shoulders. “And no matter how sweet you are, you’re not coming with me,” John said firmly after a glance into Sherlock’s mind showed the dragon’s plan.
Sherlock’s fingers were constantly rubbing on his stomach, occasionally sliding up more towards his chest. John hummed happily, content to lie here like this. Sherlock sniffed all along John’s neck, inhaling his scent and making noises of content, eventually, it seemed that Sherlock decided just smelling wasn’t enough, and started licking and nibbling.
Also, Sherlock was eating more. And regularly. John didn’t even have to nag him to eat anymore, he would eat whatever John set down in front of him with minimal complaint. John took it as a blessing and didn’t ask, worried that Sherlock would go back to his old eating habits if John brought it up.
Sherlock pulled back first, and John whined, pouting up at him. Sherlock’s chuckle made him smile, pout fading.
,” John breathed, looking up at Mrs Holmes with a smile.
Mycroft was quick to leave after that, and John was glad to see him go.
Sherlock’s threat made them hesitate, before reluctantly stowing away their weapons. Slowly, the humans began to trickle out through the entrance, until it was just him, his Alpha, a greying human, and the one under him.
“Sherlock?” John asked hesitantly, tugging lightly on Sherlock’s shirt, “Please look at me,” John begged.
Sherlock watched John’s pained expression, and the Devil’s expression softened as he saw the clear desperation on John’s face. He placed a hand gently on John’s left wing, gently stroking the feathers, making John’s wings shiver. “It’s alright, John. I won’t let them harm either of us,” Sherlock murmured, and John stared up into his familiar face.
Well, at least this explained his mood swings, cravings and increased appetite as well as tiredness. He had a pup. A small, tiny life form was growing inside of him. A being that was half himself, and half Sherlock. Perfect.
John blinked, silent for a few moments as he absorbed that information. “So, if,” John started, then cut himself off at the look Sherlock shot him and amended, “
Sherlock’s fingers in his hair began to rub soothingly on his scalp, and John moaned softly in contented pleasure. That was nice. Very, very nice indeed.
When Sherlock got off of him, John rolled onto his belly instantly, twisting to glare at Mycroft. Whilst John would willingly bare his vulnerable parts to his Alpha, he would never do it for anyone else.
John blinked in surprise and looked back at the man, tilting his head and gazing at the man – Mycroft – once more, this time picking out the similarities between his mate and this man. Mycroft was looking back at John in both curiosity and disdain.
“It’s all fine,” he assured Sherlock with a warm smile.
John needed to go back to work. His boss had called the previous day to ensure that he was coming in, and John had said that he was (because he really didn’t have an excuse to keep away, and he was getting rather bored staying inside the flat). He knew Sherlock knew, as the dragon was sulking and refused to leave his perch on John’s shoulders.
Mrs Holmes took it with a smile, giving it to her baby, who immediately quietened, grasping it in his chubby hands and clutched it close to him. John smiled at Sherlock before starting to back away. “I really should be going,” he whispered, not wanting Sherlock to be upset again.
Sherlock examined the feathers with close scrutiny, and then his brow furrowed and looked back up at John, expression worried and shocked. “You’re Falling,” he stated, voice blank.
“Mine,” Sherlock snarled as he pounded into John, nipping and biting at John’s neck, his long fingers gripping John’s hips tightly enough to form bruises.
John hummed, pleased, and snuggled backwards into Sherlock. Sherlock pressed a kiss to the back of John’s neck, and tenderly tucked John’s limp member back into his pants and curled his arms around John’s waist once more as John slipped back into sleep.
John was trapped. He knew exactly what Sherlock was doing, and he knew how this ended for him. He’d seen Sherlock do this before. Sherlock would try to seduce him, and if that worked, he would kill John, and if it didn’t work, he’d let John leave, and then enjoy the thrill of the chase and then he would kill John. Either way, John was one dead Angel.
John looked around for something that they could do, but was apparently too slow as Sherlock suddenly declared, “Let’s make pencils for each other!”
John answered patiently.
Without shifting out from under Sherlock, John did as commanded, shifting into his wolf form, and gazing up at Sherlock adoringly. Sherlock gazed down at him tenderly and pressed a kiss to his nose before he moved off of John and lay on his belly on the bed, closing his eyes and frowning as he concentrated.
“John,” Sherlock murmured in his ear, and John hummed blissfully in response, “Lick.”
As Sherlock put the food down in front of him, John inhaled deeply and was struck by the sudden urge to put salt in it. John blinked, wondering where that urge had come from, but he reached for the salt on the table anyway. Sherlock’s hand covered his, and John looked up to find Sherlock frowning slightly.
His wallet! John remembered, grabbing his wallet and opening it. There, he’d written down his address on a post-it note. How could he have forgotten it was there? But Sherlock had been drugged and in pain, how had he remembered it?
It wasn’t all that long before Sherlock was crying out and curling over John as he orgasmed down John’s throat. Sherlock panted hard as John swallowed, his hips rocking slightly before he slowly pulled out of John’s mouth. John licked his lips, then licked Sherlock’s cock clean and tucked him back into his pants.
There was a satisfied curl to Sherlock’s scent at Mycroft’s confusion. “John is my pet and I won’t leave him behind,” his Alpha told his littermate firmly.
John’s ears drooped. His Alpha didn’t like his gift? John whining turned to sad whimpering, and the hands on him loosened a little more. Cautious with his freedom, John turned his head and nudged the rabbit again, then nudged his human. It was for his Alpha.
When he opened his eyes, he found Sherlock staring at him with a soft expression on his face.
And oh, John did love to be fucked. The first time had hurt a bit, but it was a pleasurable pain that John had felt for days afterwards and it was amazing. When they got home from an exciting end to a case, Sherlock would bend him over the closest surface, strip John naked, unzip his own pants, and thrust straight into John. It never took long for John to find his own release, and sometimes Sherlock would withhold it from him until John was a begging, pleading, whimpering mess, and only then would Sherlock grant him his release.
. Nothing will tear us apart, not Mycroft and not anything else. So let me deal with it.” The last sentence had steel in the words, and John submitted to them with a soft whine and a thump of his tail.
John shivered at the threat that was implicit in it. Again, he disposed of the note, though each one was seared into his memory.
Dragons used to be things of myth and legend, but then a dragon appeared in London and presented a round blue egg to the Queen of England. For decades, people were wary of dragons and untrusting, and all eggs were claimed and given straight to the royal family, but they didn’t hatch. Only the first egg, the one that had been given to the Queen had hatched. A servant stumbled across the eggs and one of them hatched. Then, people began conducting research, and they found that once the eggs were given back to whom the dragons had given them, they hatched. They called it ‘Matching’. From then on, dragons and their eggs were treated with respect and revered.
He hated being parted from his Alpha already, and when Sherlock got out for good, John was never letting him leave again.
Sherlock huffed, glancing down at John for a long moment before leaning down and capturing John’s lips in a quick kiss. “You’re mine,” Sherlock murmured against his lips, eyes vivid bright.
John stiffened, mind whirling. He belonged to this human? John hadn’t agreed to that. And yet, as the hand on his belly began to stroke the fur there tenderly, he couldn’t help but think that this felt
“How long have you known?” Sherlock asked, his other hand coming down and cupping the bump with both hands, tilting his head to the side slightly to encourage John’s soft kisses.
to do anything like that ever again, Omega,” Sherlock growled in a dangerously low tone, causing John to shiver and whimper. It was clear that Sherlock’s Alpha had taken over.
“John,” Sherlock sighed in frustration, and John peeked up at him, “After dinner, we will be spending our time as wolves until bath time. Understood?”
His playfulness and excitement waning, John whined in question. He wasn’t sure what he’d done wrong. He’d just wanted to play. His tail thumped on the ground to appease his Alpha somewhat. His Alpha who was panting and stunk of anger and possessiveness.
John had never lied to Sherlock before, and whilst he didn’t want to keep this from Sherlock, first he had to do some research and find out how this was possible, and he wasn’t sure what Sherlock’s reaction would be. After all, human males couldn’t get pregnant.
Hey guys! So sorry for the late update... I know it's been a while (over a month now -.-; ) But I hit a writers block and then school started and... ugh. Just everything. I know this chapter is short (roughly 7 pages in word) but it's all I can come up with for now and I didn't want to make you wait any longer! There'll be another chapter or two to wrap this up, but I haven't written them yet, so please be patient with me!!!!
“If the rabbit was for me, then why did you run when I caught up to you?” he was asked and John grinning, making the playful noise he always did when they played and watched his Alpha’s eyes widened as he realised John had been playing.
A second later, Sherlock’s eyes opened and found John, a smile crossing his lips. “Dr Watson,” he drawled, “I wasn’t expecting to see you so soon after my return.”
-A thousand years later-
Looking back in surprise at the dragon, he saw the panic in his eyes. “To the kitchen?”
This was good. Everything was good.
Instantly, John darted towards the fire, arms held out in front of him, grateful when Sherlock launched himself at him and into his arms. John pressed him close, closing his eyes and uncaring at how hot Sherlock felt.
was the one who picked him up after you left! That kind of pain shouldn’t be forgiven!” Mike snapped, breathing heavily, “You have no idea what it was like! He
The Dom blinked slowly, and John was completely unprepared for the slew of words that poured from his mouth, “You’re my age, Sub obviously, you have an older sibling, your father is an alcoholic and your parents fight often – hence why you’re out here now. You’ve been avoiding me, even though your parents have already stopped over to say hello and welcome us to the neighbourhood, and at school you only interact with other Subs, so clearly you have a problem with Doms. This is due to the fact that you have a dislike of Doms as every Dom you have met has tried – and failed – to force you to submit.”
The human leant forward, his eyes and scent turning dark and dangerous, as if he’d heard the direction John’s thoughts had taken. “Don’t test me,” he spoke in a low rumble that had John’s fur rippling down his spine, “I could have just as easily left you there to die. I can and will overpower you if you fight me.”
John ran for days and days, well aware that the new Alpha was hot on his heels, and it was only when John left the territory that the Alpha turned back. John kept running. John was smart and fit, and knew how to take care of himself. He only stopped for water or food before he kept on going. He wanted to run until he reached a place where there were no more wolves, somewhere that John could be alone.
, John soothed, whining and going lax in Sherlock’s grip, tail thumping lightly against the ground.
They spent the next two days fucking like rabbits through his heat, and when it was finally over, they slept through the sixth day, and woke on the seventh wrapped around each other.
Throughout the day, his headache progressive got worse and worse and it made it hard to focus on what he was meant to be doing. Several times, he lifted into the energy world and soothed himself by staring at the strong golden thread that was his and Sherlock’s bond.
“When I was trying to wake you up,” John told with, chuckling softly.
“I don’t even know where
Even though John hadn’t been able to go to the army, it still touched him that Sherlock had remember that he’d wanted to. Well, John had technically never told Sherlock that he’d wanted to go into the army, as Sherlock had deduced it from their first meeting when Sherlock was fever-hazed and injured. Unable to help it, he felt tears well in his eyes at the sweetness of the gesture and how much thought Sherlock had put into each and every one of the gifts he’d sent John.
Pulling away, John buried his face into Sherlock’s neck and inhaled his Alpha’s comforting scent. Oh, John never wanted to move.
is,” John chuckled, his own happiness combined with Sherlock’s making him feel slightly giddy from it.
Amusement flowed from Sherlock’s mind to his.
He had gotten complacent, and that was when he got caught in the trap. It was of human design, obviously, with sharp, gleaming silver teeth that snapped shut on John’s leg. John’s hatred of humans had never been higher. He was only just on the outskirts of another pack’s territory, and being trapped here out in the open was not good. There were only a few sparse trees, no water nearby and no sign of any kind of food – obviously scared off by hunters. John knew it wouldn’t take long for hunters to come around and check their traps, and John would be ready.
Sherlock’s fingers snapped together and John stood instantly, slinking out from behind the couch, every move calculated and distinctly that of a predator, his eyes not leaving Mycroft as he stalked over to Sherlock and lay down at his feet.
“I’ll keep it forever,” John promised, and Sherlock nodded.
“What for?” John questioned, hesitant.
“You’ve met werewolves before,” Sherlock said, and John glanced over to the doorway to see Sherlock staring at him with a frown.
Sherlock reached for him apologetically, but John batted his hands away and scooted backwards, well aware of Mycroft’s eyes on the two of them. “John,” Sherlock started, but John cut him off.
John watched as Sherlock strode over to him and stared down at him for a moment.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, glittering dangerously, “Yes, I know exactly what he is. Most people mistake him for a dog, but not you. Why do you know so much about my pet?” Sherlock asked, and John knew that he had just failed some kind of test.
A cry of surprise from Lestrade had John looking up, and he found the prison guard with tears in his eyes. Hanging up the phone, Lestrade shoved it in his pocket then cried gleefully, “My brother’s awake! He’s out of his coma!”
John looked around curiously. It was much larger than Sherlock’s (now old) room, with plenty of space and one large queen bed instead of the single Sherlock had.
It was only a few more moves before a very satisfied-looking Sherlock declared check mate. The other Alpha was trapped, with no moves he could make, and after several moments of looking frustrated, he sighed and flicked over his king piece in defeat.
He flashed his hand – and the phone number – at Sherlock, “I do believe I’ve just gotten the phone number of our murderer.”
Now was really not the time to be thinking about this, John scolded himself frantically, his wings twitching. He should leave. He
John’s heart dropped in dread. “But-but we’re
John whimpered, lying down on his belly and curling up.
Lifting the hand that wasn’t attached to Sherlock, John stayed in the energy world as he moved his hand through the line. It didn’t bend or curve, or even flicker. It was strong. Curiously, John imagined himself travelling along that golden thread, and suddenly he was in Sherlock’s thoughts. Sherlock had been keeping track of him, John noted, and he could feel Sherlock’s amusement at his awe.
Was it the baby that chose? Before he could process any further, there was the large, elegant face of a dragon in his face, then an egg being pressed into his hands. Automatically, he curled his fingers around it and cuddled it to his chest. It was black in colour, and fit easily in his cupped palms. So entranced in staring at it, John didn’t even realise until he’d looked up, that the dragon was gone, leaving him with the egg and an envelope.
