“Step Two,” said Sam, without adjusting his tone, “is use it on the Fisher King.” Another low rumble of thunder growled slowly above them, though the lightning wasn’t close by. “We know his location. I’ve been tempted to go after him with an angel blade before this.”
“So whipped,” Young Dean said in a sing-song voice as he passed Dean.
“That’s his car,” said Sam, spotting it at a pull-off ahead.
“I have a question for you,” Young Dean said over Eileen’s shoulder.
Dean gave a nod.
“Well you’ve never had one, so it’s not like you’re the expert on them.”
Cas made a doubtful face. “Isn’t he ‘The Bad’ one?”
Dean arrived at Sam’s side, and when Sam stepped away, Dean caught his younger self in a hug in turn. Briefer, but when he pulled back he cupped a hand against Young Dean’s face. “Good to see you, brother,” he said.
“Your Cas treat you like this?” Dean asked, a smile twisting his mouth all the same.
“Did you mean what you said to Amara?” asked Jack. Like a four-year-old-kid with too many questions, jumping around wherever his mind led him. “About Cas? And— And Colorado?”
“I do want to talk about that stuff,” said Jack.
“Don’t stand on ceremony,” Dean said. “He wouldn’t know what to do if you did.”
The other two hags let go of his hands so that he could reach out. He took the hilt in one hand and rested the leather scabbard in the other. The heavy blade weighed more than it looked to.
“How are you calling me? From
“But he doesn’t have you,” said Dean.
Dean expected to find cruelty in her face, and found only scientific curiosity instead. He looked away again. He lost the ability to speak, even when it was a simple question. A simple answer.
“It’s like Michelangelo,” said Eliza. “I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.”
The symbol grew brighter then slowly ebbed, only to rise again in brilliance as if it had a heartbeat, or was subject to the whims of the ocean tide.
» chapter title ref: “Graves We Filled Before the Fire” a poem by Gabrielle Calvocoressi about losing children -
“Dean! Sam!” From above them, Young Dean looked over the edge of the broken floor. “Get out of here. What are you doing?”
Cas shook his head, looking down, smiling sadly. “Dean, I love you. I love you like it was the thing I was created to do. I’ve loved you for years, and so deeply it echoes back through the ages; such that it seems I was made for this love even before you existed. I want to be the thing that saves you. I want to be what protects you from every sorrow. But I can’t promise you that there won’t be hardship and disagreement and loss and mistakes and all the
But he was still sapped of energy, with the low pulse of a headache throbbing in the back of his skull. Being on his feet for all of fifteen minutes left him exhausted. He stopped at the end of his bed, where the sheets were mussed and clammy-wet from his feverish sweat.
He set down his bag on the remaining bed, too familiar with outdated motels to sniff at the green-patterned eye-sore of a comforter. He took out one of his guns and stashed it in the drawer of his bedside table, next to the Gideon Bible. He eyed Jack as he closed the drawer again.
Dean didn’t find the cold as cutting as he had on the way down. By default, he took the lead back towards the motel, matching strides with Sam.
“I haven’t exactly been able to ask,” Eli said over his shoulder. Again with the sarcasm. Dean wanted to roll his eyes, whether or not it made him a hypocrite. “But yeah. I mean, maybe. How many evil things can there be in the woods before you get a turf war?”
“Our Cas?” said Sam. “I mean, not the past version?”
He ransacked the rest of the section when he was done, but never found much. Certainly nothing that gave him that overwhelmed feeling from before. He poked around a little more here and there, then gave it up. He left the nonfiction section to find Sam at a work table on the other side of the library between the magazines and the adult fiction, a newer part that looked down to the town’s main street on one side, and to a park on the other.
» ch. 1 title ref. “This Time Tomorrow” by The Kinks
Cas glanced heavenward again, thoughtfully shaking his head. “They sealed off the Gates as soon as I arrived,” said Cas. “They won’t even let souls in until I’m gone.”
“Well, it’s all ready to go,” said Young Dean. He knelt in the corner of the bunker library where they’d last seen the portal. He unscrewed the cap from his mason jar and reached in for a good pinch of the substance inside, sprinkling it out in a straight line across the floor. He stepped back as the golden seam grew from the centre outward.
“She wasn’t marked,” said Claire, voice kept at a neutral level. Dean was no stranger to Claire’s carefully guarded face. He was fairly sure he’d worn that look himself before. She’d gone still at the ominous news, but there was an obstinate denial that won out. She’d fight, even when things seemed past fighting for. God, the girl had grit, and that was something Dean could admire. If she was like his daughter, he was proud of her. Then and now.
Dean, struggling not to be murdered by the Thrall holding him, jerked his head back hard into the man’s face. “Try not to hurt them,” he said through gritted teeth. “Easy for him to say.”
“He bought a bottle of Wild Turkey.”
toward us. No. Crashing, more like. And Eli got in front of me even though he’s like…” Waylon put his hand out to indicate Elijah’s height, somewhere near the top of his own chest. “And it like… Like I said, it shoulda gored him.”
The sun warmed the car, and Young Dean tapped Cas’ shoulder to make him roll his window down. Dean played some good tapes, most of them ones that Young Dean remembered. He didn’t bother asking if there was any good music from this time to play. He rarely listened to anything newer than the 1970s in his own day.
Dean gave Cas a flat look, the point made and taken. He tried to lower his hand from below his nose, but the blood ran too freely to stop. “Well I hope you like the picture in your wallet,” said Dean. “Because it’ll be the last time my face looked pretty.”
“Yeah,” said Dean. And maybe there was a small slice of that patience and comfort to be found here, too, even if it was wrapped up in the form of a crusty, unshaven old hunter. “Yeah, okay. I just don’t know what you’ll make of it, Bobby.”
Muffled raised voices volleyed back and forth. A teenage girl with curly dark hair tied in a loose ponytail shouted at a man who was clearly her father. Spitting venom, cussing him out by the looks of it. Her dad slammed his hand on the top of the car, pointed at her and barked an order, then marched off in another direction.
Lanie. It won’t kill you to enjoy some pie.”
“I’m glad I got to know you, Dean,” said Young Dean. “You’re a good person.”
“Remember what?” said Cas.
Jack never said they were hunters. He never told people that the supernatural existed. He’d front as FBI or National Parks when he needed to get past red tape, but with everyday people, he rarely bothered with bullshit. The witnesses they spoke to knew perfectly well that they’d seen something fucked up, something they couldn’t explain. They wanted someone else to know it too.
“This is nonsense, now—”
“Kid’s got a whole thing about Past-Cas,” said Dean. “But there’s a vessel in the way, so they’ve got this Romeo and Juliet act going.”
“You’re going to have to revise your stance on witches,” Cas noted.
“My grace is fading,” said Cas, as simply as he might have said they were running low on milk. “The immaculate maintenance and restoration of clothing was taking too much effort. Laundry is much easier.” He turned towards the kitchen, unconsciously leading the two Deans along after him.
“Not alone,” said Zachariah. “An old garrison-pal of yours couldn’t wait to join me. He’s picky about his vessels, but he’ll be here any minute.”
“It is,” said Cas, smiling faintly and glancing down at Dean. “And it isn’t. Sometimes it’s about defying fate and taking up arms against the order of the universe. Sometimes it’s all-consuming, destiny-defying, outrivaling the highest of stakes. And some days it’s humble and patient and mild. It’s about the way the morning sun lights his smile. It’s sitting in a diner with him in the middle of a long day’s drive and cherishing the easy silence. It’s a mixtape tape made just because. Or moments like this one—” Cas stopped himself in the middle of carding his fingers through Dean’s hair, shaking his head. “You don’t want to hear all this.”
“That’s because I have to put up with you,” said Dean. It was quickly turning into one of their circuitous arguments, the ones they usually needed someone else’s interference to escape.
“Hell if I know. Or care.”
And he wasn’t really upset, it was just such a release. He hadn’t realised it at the time, when he came out to Sam by accident in the future under the assumption that it was a known fact. He hadn’t realised how gratifying it was to have Sam’s acceptance. Knowing Sam
“I was kinda worked up,” said Dean. “I fell in love with Cas from this time. I brought him with me when I made this new world. We were supposed to be in this together.”
“Oh that felt good,” she said.
He crossed his arms over his stomach, the pain twisting from within in a visceral way. His face screwed up. Cas had trusted him. Cas followed him here with the promise of a better world. And Dean had fucked it up. How could he ever dare to believe that he could just make a new world with no consequences, no complications? He knew better than to believe good things could happen to him. How could he have dragged Cas into disaster like this?
“Zepp fan, huh?” he said. “Me too.”
No purpose but what we make.
“Way more time has passed for me than has for you, Sammy,” said Young Dean. “And I’m not an idiot. Cut me a break.”
Jack paused just a moment, as if going through some kind of mental checklist. Then, “Yep. Just like you wanted.” Simple as that.
“How can I not?” Young Dean asked.
“You could remove the dragon tears,” he said. “Dragon-based ingredients are amplifiers—scales, tears, blood—but to communicate from your respective temporal planes is
“No way,” said Dean. “Looks way better on me than it does on your scrawny ass.”
“I mean,” said Young Dean. “I’m just Dean. Still Dean.”
“You’ve been avoiding shit,” said Dean. “Don’t think I don’t see it. We’re trying to be a team here and you’re gonna put all of us at risk if we don’t know everything we can about what we’re walking into.”
“A few,” said Waylon.
too late for that one.”
“Careful,” said Cas. “All I’ve ever asked for is a garden. If you start floating an entire acreage…”
“Don’t look at them,” Dean said quickly. It was the only thing he knew. Keep his foot steady on the gas and don’t look at the Dark Watchers.
“You must have the right answers,” said the first. “You must answer three riddles.”
Betty came forward and took one of Dean’s hands in both her own. “If you can, then you are what I’ve been praying for,” she said.
“Betty,” said Dean. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you know what I’m talking about.”
She shook her head, kept pacing, kept murmuring prayers, then turned back towards Dean. “I, too, have seen an angel,” she said. “But I learned a hard lesson. Not all angels are Creatures of God.”
Cas tipped his head to the side curiously. Dean gave a faint shake of his head, nonverbally indicating that millennial pseudo-wicca was a whole conversation not worth delving into. Not that it could be said he much of an understanding himself.
“Don’t,” Dean said quietly. “He wasn’t perfect, but—”
“It’s okay, Teen-Dean,” said Sam. “We don’t mind.”
“He don’t scare that easy,” Dean answered. “You’ll be the one trying to keep up with him.” He pulled back, reached a hand out to cup the side of Young Dean’s face as he’d done months or years before on a mountain in Wyoming. “You take care, brother.”
“I do a lot of that as well,” Essie said, wincing as Reid carelessly wiped his hand off on his shirt.
“Cas, you remember?”
“That’d be great,” said Dean, ruthlessly abusing the sarcastic offer to dip his head in and kiss Cas. Cas—every bit as devious and incorrigible because he had learned half his humanity from Dean—had to soften an amused smile just before their lips met.
“And the spell has to be assembled by a natural witch,” said Young Dean.
“He’s just a ‘punk-ass crossroads demon,’” said Cas, miming the scare quotes in a way that didn’t undercut his scathing tone. “He’s never encountered an angel before. They could have a world without Crowley in it.”
“You want to tell me how you did that sometime between midnight and breakfast?”
“I started learning when I went to my new world,” Young Dean said. “Me and Sam both. I told him we had deaf friends in the future.” He looked back at Eileen. “I didn’t tell him you were dating. His future might be different. I can’t even promise you’ll meet. But if you do, he’ll be prepared. He’s even better than me.” Young Dean smiled saying it, vicariously proud in the way he got whenever talking about Young Sam. “His school has a club.”
Jack had that look in his eye like he wanted to change that, like he wanted to pull Eli from the Veil and give him a second chance at life. If he still had his powers, he might’ve been able to do it, to break his own code, but now it wasn’t even an option.
“You never told me you’d met Dean,” said Jody.
“You get in a lot of fights?” said Dean.
Past-Cas took his hand. The pair appeared a generous length away from the barn, directly in front of Cas, Dean, and Sam.
Another uneasy moment of stillness passed through the room, the demons making anxious eye contact with one another. Dean raised his fists, ready to fight. It broke out by mutual accord. All at once, everyone moved. Three demons on Dean and Young Dean, two more feinting towards Sam and Holden still bound in their chairs. In a moment, Cas was between the two more cowardly demons. Hands to their heads, burning out demon souls in a painful burst of light.
Cas looked at the tomes around him, quickly evaluating before selecting one that was open to the correct page, another that was closed with a bookmark in it. “Try these two,” he said.
The next day they made real progress. Dean called Sam once to check in on him, making sure everything was okay and John wasn’t making motions about moving. Apparently he was deep into research about an annual haunting near Tuscaloosa that would come due within the month, and that would keep him busy. That was good. It eased some of Dean’s guilt about leaving Sam alone with their dad.
“I don’t understand,” said Past-Cas.
“I just know we’ll think of it on the other side of that portal,” said Sam. “Cas?”
“I just keep pulling up dead ends,” said Sam. “I don’t know that there’s enough of his kind out there for people to have any real pointers on icing him.”
“Dean,” said Young Dean. “No. Not like… Not like Dad and Mom. You’re lying.”
“Teen-Dean’s learned not to think he can beat me,” Dean said. “I kicked his ass in the fight ring.”
That didn’t mean he wasn’t part of artifice of it all. Part of the torture. A final turn of the screw.
Cas peered out the window with a thoughtful tip of his head. Then looked at the pothos plant next to him, touching the leaves of one of the dangling vines.
Young Dean stretched out as much as he could in the back of the car, head pillowed by a bundled-up flannel. He slept a little, and by the time he woke up and had a bit of supper—just an hour out from Deadwater—at last reported that he was feeling fight-ready.
.” He snapped his fingers.
He intended to get to work on his final Math course when he made it back to the motel, but he felt exhausted in a way he couldn’t account for. John wasn’t here. John wouldn’t know if he took twenty minutes to nap. He fell onto the bed fully-clothed and above the blankets.
They shared the final lines of the Greek incantation, easily matching pace and intonation. Dean felt the egg thrum with power, then collapse under his hands.
“There’s enough in life that’s unpredictable, that’s painful. That we gotta face or learn to live with. But you take the good where you can get it. I'm not interested in wasting time any more. I won’t be a sad sack just because.”
. Now I can’t get you to where I am overnight, but if you actually
“I don’t like you not having me or Cas there,” said Dean.
“Alright,” said Dean. “So… does this griffin have something to do with me?”
“Fine,” said Sam. “Tell me more about this hilarious Future World. Is the Secretary of State the Cat in the Hat?”
,” said Jack. “We’re working on a piece about some of Virginia’s cold cases, and are following up on the report on a mysterious death that happened in ‘97. We were told you lived here then, and might be willing to help us with a few questions.”
After three interviews with little resistance, Jack looked surprised for half a moment. He rallied quickly, keeping the positive tone in his voice. “We were asking around the high school,” said Jack. “We’re looking for reliable testaments. So many people will make things up just to be in the spotlight. We want the facts from credible members of the public, and you’re a trusted figure in the community.”
“There is just a hint of accountant-spirit in there,” said Holden. “But I won’t hold it against you. So Heaven, Hell, all of that’s real?”
“You can show yourself out,” said Roger. He didn’t crack a smile. Even his moustache looked distinctly unfriendly.
Dean left his laptop on the desk, crossing the room to be nearer.
When evening fell, Dean offered to help Essie with dinner, and enlisted Young Dean to help too. “The angels don’t eat,” he told Essie, “but we gotta make enough for six to account for this guy.”
“Uh, taken it with me to my grave?” Dean said with sardonic self-amusement. “Obviously.”
» welcome to the past! we're going to have so much fun
While a few scuffles started and fizzled out earlier that night, it wasn’t a fight or an early intervention from the cops that broke up the party in the woods. At one-thirty a.m. the revelry still had wind in it, not due to wind down till four at least. Instead, the party-goers ran and stumbled out of the woods in a chaotic mess early in the night, some not knowing what they ran from, only that the fear could not be feigned. Those with more alacrity might have the good favour to pick up a passed-out classmate from the forest floor and rush them on, but no one looked back.
“Then show us,” said Jack.
“I think we’re getting near time,” said Cas, standing from the couch, Past-Cas and Young Dean following suit. For a moment no one spoke. A sombre silence passed through the apartment.
“I think I admire you.” Dean found his heart beating hard and fast under the hand on his chest. Cas frowned, puzzled, still looking at the roof. A being of eternal wisdom who couldn’t comprehend the simplest words. Dean spoke again before he could stop himself. “Cas, I think I adore you.”
“Teen-Dean could do with some of that cool,” said Dean.
Dean huffed again, looking no more pleased than before. “Yeah, yeah,” he said. “Everybody saw it but us. I get it.” The lack of surprise from many of their friends and acquaintances had been nearly aggravating. Sure, it was great that it was a non-issue, but these were Dean’s most private feelings. Things he hadn’t even confronted directly. That everyone had already formed
“Guess I did,” said Dean. He spotted the half-empty bottle of Wild Turkey on the table and thought of his empty money tin. He couldn’t bring that up. He had to choose his battles today.
“Sounds worth trying,” said Young Dean.
Eli’s look became half-cautious, half-curious. “Would that hurt me?” he asked. “Would that… end me?”
It was how with barely saying anything, John managed to stir up Dean’s shame and self-hate. He’d been to the future and seen the light, he’d spent most of his drive preparing himself for this argument. He thought he knew better; newfound self-awareness and a sense of the future that John couldn’t even conceive of. And yet, he was right back here. Right back to feeling small and despised and torn open.
“So that’s what we do. We untangle the three of you, you take him two on one, and send Chuck where the sun don’t shine.”
Young Dean sniffed again, gave a non-committal jerk of his head, a shrug. A yes, then.
Sam slowly nodded, seeking to process it all. “It all still sounds so… big and consequential. I can’t believe that’s what’s in store for Dean.”
“I have faith in him,” said Cas. Dean spared a glimpse over his shoulder, confirming with a glance that Cas meant it. “Goodnight, Dean.” Cas turned away for his own room. Hopefully, thought Dean, to sleep away the tired greyness barely concealed beneath his eyes.
And then there was the pair next to her, whose dynamic was even more screwed up than any outsider could guess. She turned her phone over on the table and reached for her beer. “This is still weird,” she said. “I can’t believe this is what my dad looked like at my age.” She gestured at her own neck, while looking at the golden necklace on Past-Cas. “The dorky little cross? Really?”
“No, I wasn’t thinking of that. I wanted the history. It’s— never mind.” He didn’t even know why he wanted to look up griffins. It was a stupid thing. The history? The lore? There likely wasn’t any. They were a made-up story.
“I don’t feel cold,” said Cas. With that he passed by Dean through the door, his white shirt rumpled from sleep, only half tucked-in to the waist of his black slacks. Dean followed at once, not a step behind, like some invisible string pulled him after.
“They are joking, aren’t they?” Past-Cas asked.
“I don’t know about this,” Dean said, voice hushed. John was out, but the sense that someone might be listening, that someone might report him, lingered. High treason. “This Heaven. Is it everything you ever wanted?”
Every minute Dean looked at him, he’d swear Cas couldn’t be more gorgeous. But this moment. He didn’t want to forget this moment.
Something sprouted in Young Dean’s chest very suddenly that felt delicate and new. He looked down at his feet. Swallowed hard. “That’s good,” he said. “I’m glad he has that.” He sniffed against the cold air. “You know, sometimes I think even me and Sammy are at odds. In my time, I mean. We fight like all brothers, get over it like all brothers, too, but I can sometimes see him changing. His fights with Dad keep getting worse. And, you know, this one time he ran away entirely. On my watch. Ran away to Flagstaff, of all places, and I know he was mad at Dad, but how could he… I mean, did he want to get away from me, too? And then I see the way he turned out—it’s great we’re together now—but if he went off to Stanford, I mean if he left the life while Dad was still around?” Young Dean shook his head, letting out another long breath. “I’m thinking of the little brother I know right now, and I hate that he’s going to leave me, you know?”
No lightning struck them down and the ground didn’t crack apart under them, so Dean said, “What would your Heaven look like?”
“No way,” said Young Dean. “You’re such a damn head case. Getting all precious about what’s yours, what’s real, when things should happen. Guess what, Dean. I’m real too. You call me Teen-Dean like I’m something less-than, something made-up. But you were the one who said in Reno that we weren’t two separate people. I only count as you when it suits.”
“I don’t see him welcoming me back with open arms any time soon,” said Dean. He glanced over, trying to raise an eyebrow only to discover it made his bruised face hurt. “Is that a problem?”
Warm yellow light from within shone between the barn boards in the haymow, perched above the dark stone foundation where the animals were once stabled. Eliza was in there, at work. Her shadow passed through the light, blacking out gaps in the boards before they flashed back like nothing had happened.
Essie burned the eggs that morning and blamed the devil winds.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Ridiculous. Now. What I
“What was he saying?” Dean asked.
“Do you think she managed it?” he asked. He’d been asking all day, needling everybody with questions about how they thought it was going, but now he really meant it. Now his heart beat heavy in his chest, louder than the wind that rustled the last old leaves on the trees.
Young Dean re-entered and took a seat with a fresh beer in hand, giving a satisfied sigh after the first swallow. “It’s almost like you know my favourite kind of beer,” he said, holding it back to look at the label.
“I don’t know what normal people say to each other,” said Dean, taking another drink from his beer.
“Every last one,” said Zachariah. “Of you, at least, and your little journey into time. He doesn’t know anything is missing. He’s never even heard of you.”
Dean shrugged and started the car again. The windshield wipers kicked back into action. “Eh. I won’t miss ‘em.”
“Thought you said you didn’t disapprove,” said Young Dean.
“That’s ridiculous,” said Sam. “I’m nearly twenty years older than him.”
“That’s sick, Dean,” said Dean. “She’s like our kid.”
“Sam?” said Claire. “Does that mean Jody’s missing?” She pushed roughly past him as she charged for her phone on a dresser. “
Young Dean pulled his attention from Cas, though it felt disorienting to offer anything else his focus. This game. This stupid fucking game. He didn’t care anymore, so he didn’t draw out the play as he’d been doing before. He sunk his two remaining solids. He called the eight ball and pocketed it. His opponent griped, but paid up.
“Only if you want to,” said Young Dean. “I’ll help you.”
They planned their departure for early afternoon, which inexorably meant the rest of them had to kill time on the beach. Wallis’ doing, of course. By noon they were kitted out in swim trunks and sunglasses. Tossing down towels and treading into the water.
Knowing they might encounter demons on the mountain changed how they packed. Young Dean’s chief weapon had to be the gifted machete, which he kept strapped to him to have on hand. But they had other tools now, things Young Dean never dreamed of. Demon-trap bullets, angel blades, and this little pig-sticker of a knife that they said would end a demon for good.
For all his troubles, Dean got caught in the jaw with Peter’s right hook, then went right back to scrapping.
“Well I know where we might get one of those, at least,” said Dean. “And after taking on a griffin, I’m not writing off dragons.”
From the corner of his eye, Dean saw a gesture from Young Dean. A quick and subtle movement of his hand, shifting through six rapid variations. He’d spelled something in ASL. When the hell had he learned that?
“You’re okay, kid,” he told him. “We’re gonna make everything okay.”
That movie night was before Cas died and came back. Before Jack. After Amara. After that year where things shifted in Dean intensely, out of his control and beyond what he could make sense of in himself.
“Guess this is a bad time to tell him we already got chili fries,” said Young Dean, looking over at Dean.
“This place gives me the creeps,” said Young Dean as the house came into view past the trees. He couldn’t say what it was exactly. The two-story house made of yellow stone looked a little rundown, but not unlivable. Just some century home that could use a good power-wash, some new bricks, and updated windows. The dull brown car in the driveway was around twenty years old, somewhat rusted but never driven hard. The gardens were overgrown, but not swallowing the house or yard. Oddly enough, the one thing seeming out of place was the American flag hanging off the front porch. So crisp it could have been pulled from the package yesterday; the red, white, and blue colours bright and punchy against the grey day and the drab surroundings. It looked too large for its setting, the wind stirring it to brush against the railing of the porch steps.
For such simple words, for a being of such eternal wisdom, Cas didn’t seem to fully comprehend. He cautiously answered, “I’ll… try.”
“It’s due to the natural entropy of the world,” said Cas, as if that would tidy things up.
There was more he wanted to say. He wiped at his cheeks with the heel of his palm, looking up at Bobby again. “I’m in love with the angel. Then and now. I can’t hardly bear the fact.”
Young Dean shook his head, pressing his lips tightly together. “I’m not here to talk about my life, okay? You don’t need to worry about me or my world. I’m here to help Sam’s girl because I thought it would be the right thing to do. I didn’t think I’d get badgered as soon as I arrived about things that happened years ago.”
“It’s different than Sam, though,” said Jack. “Isn’t it?”
Dean carefully readjusted his grip on the steering wheel, letting out a breath. A passing car’s headlights lit up his face again, casting his features into sharp definition, making the blood look black on his skin.
Castiel picked his way over the rocks, then sat beside him. Dean had questions to ask, but he didn’t speak yet. He lazily turned his head and offered a smile. Cas narrowed his eyes, canted his head, and Dean smiled broader and leaned back to lie against the rocks. He combed his hands through his curtained hair, then settled with his arms behind his head. He liked Big Sur. He’d read all the Jack Kerouac he could get his hands on a few summers back, and because this was a dream he recalled with clarity that which he would not summon up even in his waking consciousness: “On soft Spring nights I’ll stand in the yard under the stars - Something good will come out of all things yet - And it will be golden and eternal just like that – There’s no need to say another word.”
“I do?” Dean caught his own words, flashed a breathless smile. Darted his glance away only to look back at Cas. “Maybe save that one for later,” he said.
you?”
Dean was silent for a moment. “He lit the rental car on fire,” he repeated, very quietly. Then, “Alright, Sam, we’re sending someone out there for you. We’ll see you sooner than you think.” He ended the call and looked to Past-Cas. “He’s somewhere in Death Valley. You’re looking for a burning car, and a guy about yea high standing on top of some hill nearby.”
Cas got him out the door, into the parking lot. In the night air and the sick sodium glow of the outdoor lights, Young Dean pitched away from him. Cas thought he would stumble over the concrete parking curb in front of an empty spot, but instead Young Dean took a seat on it, legs extending outward, head bowed. He wrapped his arms around himself as if cold, despite the seasonably warm night.
“Seems like we’ve barely talked, Cas,” said Young Dean. He sighted down the handgun, aiming it at a knot in a tree branch. He didn’t touch the trigger, but shadowed out the movement of firing, of the kickback from the gun. A bulls-eye. He’d always been a good shot.
Dean tried calling once more an hour later, as they drove East out of Kansas, but it went to voicemail again. “Teen-Dean,” he started to say, the tone of his voice already a reproach. Sam swiftly took the phone out of Dean’s hand.
” and also, who am I kidding, the entire second stanza, here you go, you get a post-script so we can all weep to Leonard Cohen songs together:
“Was it something you did?” Dean asked.
He passed the surprisingly lightweight device to Dean. Dean saw a picture for half a moment, touched the screen wrong, and everything went black again. Cas reached over and easily brought up the picture once more.
Cas made a hand waving gesture. So-so.
“I just mean… I’m sure you have lots of fun and exciting new feelings going on. You’re still all dumb and full of teenage hormones.” He gestured vaguely with a hand. “But you can’t touch him. You understand?”
“In spite of all that Castiel has risked and lost, loving you has changed him. He can love the world because he loved you first. You taught him how. And that has made him so much stronger than anything I have ever been. Why would you wish me not to have that?”
“Hunters,” the young woman said with a smile.
“That isn’t true,” said Past-Cas. He repeated, “I’m a good soldier.”
Past-Cas looked confused for a moment before his expression cleared. “Oh,” he said. “Because of the vessel.”
Cas vanished from the spot, and this time he reappeared on the other side of Sam and Holden, where Crowley held court, his arm raised with his silver angel blade in hand to strike.
“We aren’t the only ones looking for the griffin.”
“Kill them!” he called out to his Thralls, using the shotgun to block the sword again. Eileen pressed him back, never providing him the space to move the gun into any useful position beyond a narrow shield.
Young Dean nodded his head, still unable to look away from the injuries on his older body. Cas looped the bandages once more below Dean’s back, then taped it off. His fingers tested the tightness, slipping just underneath the edge. Cas gave a nod that it would do, chiefly to himself, but Young Dean let go of a piece of his worry. Cas wouldn’t let anything happen to Dean.
And to the second, “You wouldn’t want to come back. Because Heaven would be so perfect.”
“Who’s the prisoner?” Dean asked.
It wasn’t the desert air that made his throat dry. Tongue heavy, he could hardly speak at all: it was fortunate that there was only one word that mattered, one that he could never lose. “Castiel?” The full name came out of sheer reverence.
Young Sam approached like he was following a set of automated tracks, not because he chose to but because it was inevitable. He looked up at his older self with a deeply drawn brow, puzzled by this uncanny mirror.
“You don’t owe me anything,” said Essie. “You’ve been enlightening and, dare I say, even good company. I like your Castiel.” She said it with genuine warmth.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You should be getting some rest, too,” Dean said, speaking before Cas would have a chance to. “Look at you, you’re sleeping on your feet like a horse. Time to hit the hay, cowboy.”
“Is there any way to talk to him?” Dean asked.
Cas didn’t seem to notice or mind that it wasn’t. He sat down on the edge of the daybed, hip against Dean’s thigh.
The Oak Tree King would have smiled. His crowned head tipped fondly. He threw Dean back against the forest floor, not gently. Dean’s body rolled through pine needles and over rough raised roots. He caught himself as quickly as he could, pushing up onto his elbows, ready to race forward between Jack and the beast.
No one else seemed to find themselves fit to answer. Dean felt Sam’s eyes on him, but Dean wasn’t really seeing anything. His own past he couldn’t change, not without losing who he was. Not without risking things he didn’t want to give up. But Young Dean…
“In case he could help us again,” said Jack. His phone buzzed in his hand. “He says that’s him.”
Cas shifted, a look of concern on his features. He started to reach for Dean’s arm, a reassuring touch, but then the deep shade of the gorge was washed out by gold light. Dean squinted his eyes against it, and it was the morning sun through his curtains, landing directly across his face. He flung an arm over his eyes, biting back all that felt too close to the surface. A few hard, shaking breaths before he could pull himself in.
“Worst part is, I didn’t love Dad any less after it happened,” said Dean. “Some messed up part of me respected him more, if anything. I wanted to prove myself to him. It was all a misunderstanding. I wouldn’t give him any reason to doubt from now on. I was a good son, and I’d show him that. At least, when he could stand to look at me again. Even when he was wrong about something, he was right. He was right about everything and his word was gospel. Well. You know how that is.”
“Well,” said Dean, lifting up a little and looking around. “Ain’t no one around to see us out here.”
If the kid had a single mean bone in his body it might’ve sounded like mockery, but even if the words had a trace hint of bitchiness, Jack still meant it.
“Final question,” said the third hag, hands wrapping around the neck of the bottle. She looked to the sky, eyes narrowed, careful in the choosing of her riddle. Her eyes opened wide again, all too pale and fishlike. “
“Yeah,” said Dean. “Guess you would.” Despite the simmering antipathy towards his younger self, he’d cooled off some. He flared up in anger sometimes, but he didn’t like drawn-out grudges. And he hated giving apologies. That went for Young Dean too. Dean didn’t have to ask to know that they both wanted to move on without the whole reconciliation bit, mutually electing to ignore how tense things got back in the gym.
“I’m gonna need to see some ID first,” said Roger.
Dean lifted one shoulder in a shrug. “I dunno. I admit it sounds kind of terrible. But don’t we deserve the chance to try it?”
“Bad demon deal,” Dean answered.
“Huh,” said Young Dean.
Young Dean knew his ruse was up. He only hoped that Past-Cas wouldn’t be too disappointed in him. Even if he deserved it.
“What do you do for work?” Sam asked, innocently curious.
. But he only knew two things in this moment: the image of Cas and the loud beating of his own heart. What would he say, anyway?
» story title ref. "Time Has Come Today" by The Chambers Brothers
The slope of his shoulders said everything. Dean took a moment to try and think of what Cas would say, but he came up dry. He got into the car again, started her up, and began to drive away. “Feel like eating?” he asked.
The bright light from above the barn shone through the broken roof as Young Dean climbed an angled beam like a cat. Like a guiding light, it illuminated his path. Shone on his hair and his upturned face as he caught flashes of the two warring angels. He made it to the next platform, narrowly avoiding the caved-in boards. He could get to those crates, then reach the strut to pull himself up to the final level above the granary.
“You can just
“We’re not getting anywhere with this tonight,” said Dean. “We can’t send Justin Bieber here back till Cas is juiced up again anyway, and that’s gonna take a few days.” He cast a considering glance at Castiel, still looking exhausted and unfit. “Let’s call it a night and revisit tomorrow.”
“We are
“You still think that way?” Dean asked, turning his head back. “When there’s nobody that’s changed my life like you have?”
; or,
Jack shook his head. “I would’ve told you if I did,” he said. A bitter, impatient note touched his tone because of course Jack would’ve said. It was the whole point of this, what they were here for. After too long on the road, Sam and Dean got defensive and irritible like that as well. Too long without a proper rest, too long without an exciting lead, and they inevitably started sniping at each other.
“Not a bit,” said Dean. He looked away from the pool game and the uncanny sense he got from watching his own moves put to work. “Apparently we’re all living in Bisbee,” said Dean. “Our younger selves, anyway.”
“Cas,” he said. A name: round and warm that melted on his tongue.
Cas recorded every road they took in thick black marker on the local map, and there were more routes to try, but Dean had been convinced they’d find something today. Sam had been gone too long already, and while he was certainly a survivor, Dean needed to know where he was. Needed to know he was safe.
There was a pause over the line. Of the complicated swell of feelings in his stomach, dread briefly broke to the surface. What if Lawrence remembered it all, remembered seeing the world through Cas’ eyes? Remembered Dean always lingering close, always looking at him with desire?
and knew this man cared for him somehow. It was a given and it was unconditional. Why he should, Dean couldn’t fathom.
“Yeah?” said Dean.
“Why didn’t it kill him the first time?” Dean asked.
“Okay, okay,” he said. God, it killed him, but he had to make a decision. It almost surprised him, how quickly he could lie about his circumstances. “Don’t get all worked up. Look, this job? Trail’s gone cold, and we’re thinking it was probably nothing, in the end. Bobby’s gonna keep his feelers out, but he’s got no use for me now. I’ll make my way back to you, alright?”
“They call him ‘Blondie.’ I’m the only one here…”
The cold, high moon painted the edges of the clouds. Dean saddled Baby—she was a horse again tonight—going through the process of securing the tie strap, scratching fingers through her black mane as he slipped the bridle on. Thinking all the while of where they got it wrong in those last, chaotic moments of their final fight with Chuck.
“When were you happy?” Young Dean asked.
“This stops the poison from spreading and prevents infection,” Sam explained, applying the same stuff to the long scar on Dean’s forearm.
Young Dean heard Dean’s question and gave a faint shake of his head. He wanted to be sick, some days. He wanted to be met with some great and terrible suffering, a physical blow that would make sense of the hollowed-out feeling in his heart. It didn’t make sense to hurt this much and have no wound to show for it.
Sam ignored him. One had to in a first aid situation. Dean made for a terrible patient. “Cas, can you wrap that up?” He tossed the dressings and bandages to Cas, cleaning the last of the goop off his hand.
The voice came from behind them. Perfectly polite, but sudden enough to make them jump. Eli emerged from the shadows, materializing from between the trees, seeming pale and insubstantial in the darkness. In his running clothes, this late at night, he looked like he ought to be cold. Dean wanted to give him a jacket.
Here was the truth: that he had never left Tír na nÓg. The most sophisticated torment they’d yet devised was the one in which he believed he’d escaped. That he had been a hero in this world. That he had found his older self again to come and save the day. Shouldn’t he have known? It had all been too pat. The portal. The sword. The clay angel.
“They might want the same thing we do,” said Cas. “The timing is too convenient. The Arimaspoi want a griffin egg, but I doubt they care who they get it from.”
because who even am I if I'm not consistently forcing my musical taste on others?
Past-Cas frowned at Dean in the mirror in distinctly the same way that Castiel frowned from the front seat.
“What’s there to discuss?” said Crowley. “I only came here to verify I met the terms. It’s been signed, sealed…” He nodded at Cas. “Delivered.”
She picked up one of the cold pancakes and took a bite.
Cas laughed. And then he put a hand on Young Dean’s shoulder, just the same as Dean had done with Claire, to bring him back to the kitchen. “He’d disagree with you,” said Cas. “But I might not. You don’t mind it? That is you, one day.”
“Not a teenager,” Young Dean said absently, eyes closed and head tipped as he rested the beer bottle against the side of his neck.
“They never grow bigger,” said Eli. “There used to be six of them. Then when he killed that girl, there were seven. That one’s her.” He pointed at another small, sad sapling.
When he opened them again it was to a dark motel room, Cas passed out cold in the bed opposite, breathing softly. Dean’s limbs were cramping up, his torso spasming, particularly around his stomach. His arm was bad too. He dimly recalled Sam saying that the side-effects of the antivenom would be uncomfortable, potentially quite painful, but that meant it was working.
“A few days. Past-Cas and I met Claire, caught up with Dean and Cas in Wyoming, then came straight here to Jody.” He leaned forward against the island, arms folded, eyes lighting up. “Man, so much has happened. When we were looking for you, we followed this lead that took us all through the Santa Lucia mountains. And at sunset, just when we were about to pack it in, all these Dark Watchers showed up, like, a million of them.”
Cas didn’t take the flask. He reached out to touch Dean’s wrist first, healing the slice on his arm with a glow of blue light as the wound sealed. Claire lowered her gun.
“Just one more thing to add to the list,” said Young Dean. “The things that would make me better if I remembered.”
A set of footsteps entered the room. A wooden pail set down on the buckled floorboards, spilling oily water over its edges.
Dean laughed again. “You’re
Dean was looking over Cas in turn, considering his bared throat under the familiar billowy shirt. Cas didn’t seem to feel the chill of the morning, but that wasn’t new. “We gotta do something about that vessel,” Dean said. “I’m not sure sexy dreams are going to cut it, in the long run.”
They were more than halfway across Utah before Dean finally caved to Young Dean’s repeated arguments to switch off driving. He had to insist multiple times, “I’m
“Then you would rather that Teen-Dean and myself go now to Carmel,” said Past-Cas. “Perhaps I can read Jody’s soul and it will remember what her mind doesn’t.”
“So you tracked us down, Scott?” said Dean.
gives his say-so,” said Young Dean
“On the bright side,” said Young Dean, “if I got the portal right you’ll be back before you know it. It ain’t Narnia, but time gets kinda liquid around that thing. Like a black hole. I think I’ve only lost a day of my time.”
“Well, mind like a steel trap, for starters,” Essie said. “That and you showed up on the FBI’s most wanted list not a decade later. And I thought, ‘Dean Winchester, he’s that sweet boy who brought his brother in with him. And wanted so badly to pay for that book.’”
The griffin screeched, snapping its hooked beak a few times, then plunged its head toward Young Dean. A line of Cas’ helpfully echoed through his mind.
“Maybe in some sense of the word,” said Cas. “I wouldn’t say we’re fated. If anything, many forces in the universe would rather that we’re kept apart. But… Perhaps our souls resonate.”
“That’s safe money,” said Dean. “Come on, he can’t have been there much ahead of us. We won’t have to scrape him off the floor, yet.”
“I’m missing something,” said Eileen. “Or a lot of things, but… Is Teen-Dean changing the past?”
“Angels do not fall easily for humans,” said Cas. “Most are wary of these very things. How bright your emotions burn. Nothing could so effectively rob the mind of its self-control as passion. This is the place where angels fear to tread. But for some angels… what fills us with terror is also what compels us. The sublime is the beautiful made terrifying. This love is dangerous, perhaps even fatal to us. Even if we survive it, to love you is a kind of self-immolation. It is a surrender to the inevitable tragedies of human existence. We must make ourselves vulnerable to the kind of adversities angels are not accustomed to. To fail you. To be hurt by you. To one day lose you. The Enochian language has no word for ‘grief.’ Nor ‘love.’”
Young Dean looked over his shoulder. Outside the window green leaves and morning light blurred like the thick strokes of an impressionist painting, his dream-mind filling in only half the details of the world beyond this room. “You’re an incurable romantic,” he said.
“Went to the future,” said Dean. He tried to get it out in as few words as possible, so that Bobby would help him faster. “I tricked Cas because I thought Sam was in danger. Thought I could help. I didn’t really help, though. Bobby, please. Believe me. I was there most of a week.”
“Cas, are you—” Dean, grown, voice a deep rumble, put his hands to Cas’ shoulder. Helped him to his feet.
Sam slowly nodded. “Wow,” he said. “It really is the Past Cas.” He did a poor job of training back a smile. “You and Dean do share a more profound bond.”
Dean nodded once more. Looked like he’d speak, but simply left. Cas pretended to read for, at most, one more sentence, then closed his book with an air of finality and followed.
It was a trade-off like any other he’d made before. Safety and opportunity, and the rest didn’t matter. They had ways of making the psychological torture acute. They could change and alter at will. They knew that if you appeared to him as Cas, Dean would be sweeter. He let them believe he was cowed. Defeated and down-hearted. It sated their arrogant self-regard.
“Oh, this?” said Dean. “Don’t worry about it. How was the show?”
Cas’ eyes looked bluer in the winter sunlight of the mountains, even as they squinted against the brightness of the morning. “You keep saying that you’re not good with kids,” said Cas. His moderate tone gave way to significantly more annoyance. “And not only is it not true, it’s
“Milkshake will liven you up,” said Dean. Get some sugar in him. “C’mon.”
“Right, because him being an angel is very normal,” said Young Dean.
» ch. 1 title reference: "Out of Time Man" by Mano Negra
Because a fire was in my head
“And before you go, I’m gonna need photo evidence,” she said. She held up her phone, didn’t give them time to smile. Dean and Cas both wore slightly dumbfounded expressions on their young faces. That, at least, had Claire breaking into a smile. “Perfect,” she said.
Dean granted a nod. Both Deans lingered outside while Cas and Sam got back into the Expedition, seeing them off until the rear lights disappeared.
there.
“Wait,” said Cas. “
They picked their way down their stretch of mountain, stopping frequently to listen, hoping to hear a voice call out or an emergency whistle. Nothing broke the silence but their own footsteps crunching through the snow.
Young Dean suspected the same, but he’d been given that rare opportunity in coming to the future the first time. He turned the handgun over in his hands carefully, then tucked it away. “What do you think I would be like if I didn’t have to forget?” he asked. “How do you think life would be different for me?”
Dean hadn’t always done right by Jack. He didn’t want to admit it to Young Dean and introduce that as grounds for future self-doubt. There were already enough mental hurdles and snares set up in the kid’s brain by twenty-one, he didn’t need more reasons to talk himself out of being happy.
“You could’ve just… said that,” said Dean, giving his attention back to picking the lock. “No need to burn off your whole hand.” He focused on working the lock, mouth running. “I
Eliza was gracious enough not to demand an explanation. “That is correct,” she said to Young Dean. “I didn’t want to be a parasite. I loved these humans for what they had—their families, their relationships, their petty concerns and their big dreams. I didn’t want to take that away from a single one of them just so I could live here. So I found another way.”
“We need to know what the spell was,” said Cas. “Dean, any idea?”
She put up with it admirably, Young Dean thought. “He’s turned into such a dad,” Young Dean said to Cas.
Dean sat with Mary on the porch swing. He came to his parents’ house often, his own place being so quiet, so lifeless. He turned down another El Sol beer for a glass of lemonade instead. One leg bent out, the bottom of a cowboy boot against the simple wooden porch railing, rocking them steadily.
, the lucky bastard. I had to do some work on the transmission, but it’s basically a street-legal rally car.”
Young Dean looked between the three of them with confusion. “Does… Does that make me God?”
Sam peered past his brother as Dean and Cas each took a seat. His brow drew in. “Uh, Teen-Dean?” Sam said.
“Thanks, Sammy.”
Young Dean picked up the latter, turning it in his hands to read the weathered spine.
“I don’t know if that makes us even,” said Young Dean. “I mean, I owe you guys
“I don’t even know why it’s happening,” said Dean. “But I like being here with you.”
“How will we reach our future selves?” Castiel asked Dean. “They are untraceable.”
“Cas!” shouted Young Dean, scrambling up through rock and brush, using his hands as often as his feet to climb higher ahead. The Watchers turned their faceless forms to him. He felt like his chest would cave in under the force of their malevolence.
“What the hell does that mean?”
“I should go,” said Cas.
“Oh, that?” said Crowley, passing a blasé glance around the strewn bodies on the floor. He didn’t shift the spear from under Cas’ chin. He looked back at Cas. “No. I just wanted to see what he could do.”
“I don’t see why he should have to start over, there,” said Young Dean. “That’s no better than a memory-wipe. It would be something good, if me and him were on the same page from the get-go.”
“Whatever,” said Young Dean. “This isn’t getting us anywhere. What are we doing to free Cas?”
“You just won’t say it,” said Castiel. “You’ll talk around it and make excuses as if… as if to admit it affected you would mean you just weren’t strong enough to bear it.”
“Sammy,” Dean groaned, pulling his aching body over to his little brother. Beyond them, Past-Cas threw Uriel back through the steel and concrete of a calf pen. Their fight shook the barn’s foundations. It wasn’t safe to fight here, the barn quickly turning into a collapsing house of cards. The old building could only withstand so much.
“Everyone but me, then,” said Dean.
“So what’s this book?” Dean asked.
“You’ll take care of him, alright?” said Young Dean as he pulled away.
“Hey, Bobby, it’s Dean.”
Dean responded with a flat expression, patently trying not to be amused.
Young Dean felt as if Past-Cas reached into his chest, wrapped a hand around his heart, and pressed it tight. Yet when he looked at that face it was straight and almost impassive, if not for an earnest gleam of idealism in those blue eyes. Something begging to be heard and understood.
“Betty?” A tremulous voice came from the last room. A grid of iron bars covered the rough doorway.
“You have pictures of me in your phone, Cas,” said Dean.
hunt.”
“I’ll be there in a minute.” Scott ended the call. Dean exchanged a look with Jack, then got him a gun and a knife. He was just checking the clip of his own gun when a knock came on their door. Not even a minute.
“I said it’s not important.”
“I don’t— I don’t understand. How could I— I couldn’t have forgotten—”
“I don’t know which of us is better off for it,” Past-Cas said. He looked away again, chin lifting stiffly.
“Heya, Cas,” said Young Dean, his smile clear through the line. “Actually you know, you were the one to give me the idea?”
» sincerely, my thanks to you for reading this - very much hope it made you feel good and cathartic things along the way
him, fought with him in Purgatory, any of it. The seeds of what they’d become were there, but Dean at this age just didn’t feel quite the same about him.
Dean expected disbelief and astonishment. He’d never faced the full power of Claire Novak’s quick mind and abounding condescension. “Look, you wouldn’t get it,” said Dean. “I don’t have to explain myself to you.”
It was this, beyond anything else, that made him realise he must be in a dream.
“That’s alright,” said Dean, looking away. “It’s a bummer, though. I was hoping to talk to you-from-the-future. I want to go there, for a visit.”
“Nah,” said Dean. “Never claimed to be. And you wouldn’t love me if I was.”
Cas took his hand across the table.
“You serious?” Sam said. He was up like a shot, packing his pencils and binders into his backpack.
“Why don’t you try going there?” said Sam, now an old hand at guiding them back from their weird brand of flirting. “Through the portal to his world?”
A few weeks later, as much as time counted for anything, he added a bandana. Knotted at the neck, a little loose. Another small gesture—new to him, but that could almost pass for ordinary—and he liked the way it looked. He liked who he looked like in it.
“Thanks,” said the older Dean. Young Dean punched his arm for it.
“I don’t think that’s the same to him,” said Young Dean. Neither of them said anything further, and Dean was about to leave. Young Dean spoke up again. “I approve of him. For the record. If that matters to you at all.”
“Jack,” Dean said. Jack looked up at him. “If you ever want to talk about that stuff, you know, you can with me. It’s okay.”
“But think about it, with the griffin and everything,” said Sam. “It was two animals in one form, that’s where the egg’s power comes from. And like, look at this part.” He pointed at ‘eros’ at the top of the mandala. “According to Jung, Eros’ form is flame. It devours. Opposite is the Tree of Life.” He pointed at the word ‘vita’ at the bottom, where Past-Cas worked carefully at painting out the image of a tree. “It’s living matter. The tree grows slowly, creating more leaves every year, always increasing in the life it creates. The flame, Eros, burns bright, but once used up it dies away.”
, he just didn’t want to put her in any danger. The salt on winter roads was bad enough, let alone what a rough mountain pass could do to her.
“You got Waylon’s number?” Dean asked. It started out as a simple, instinctive question, but the longer he spent on the thought the more it troubled him. First of all, hunters didn’t need to open up those connections with regular people and Jack had already told Waylon too much. Second of all, how much contact were they having? Who asked for whose number? Jack was only three, dammit, and if Waylon was on the lookout for a floppy-haired boyfriend he better start looking somewhere else.
Dean and Jack turned at once, Dean already reaching to pull out his gun and point it.
Dean fell asleep, but Cas never came. Dean prayed to him more desperately. Repeated the cycle. He used pills to find sleep, and alcohol, and even tossed and turned trying to find sleep naturally in case the chemicals were interfering. But not one dream of Cas.
“You made a big gamble trying to save someone you loved,” said Dean. “Kid, that just makes you family.”
“Yeah!” An exhale of relief across the line. “I can’t believe it worked.”
Young Dean was silent for a moment, the line clicking fuzzily, then he asked, “You take my advice, then?”
They arrived at the edge of the farm with the setting sun, where fence posts and leafless trees cast long shadows. Until the final legs of the drive, the lush and green surrounding world abounded with the verdant maturity of late June. Here the grass was brown and dry, the soil parched, the river weak, muddy, and choked with bracken.
“Bullshit,” said Dean.
“Maybe you have to be plastered to get it,” said Dean.
He heard the flapping of wings just past his shoulder.
“So it was mutually useful,” said Young Dean.
Sam nodded, his expectant aspect as ready for something terrible as something good.
“Maybe I am, yeah,” said Dean. “I thought you knew. I thought a guy as powerful and smart and brave as you had to know. And I thought I was doing enough to make it clear.” Cas didn’t have a smart reply and Dean scoffed again. “Same birthday as the fucking
“Wait,” said Young Dean. “Someone wrote
. this song was foundational and always going to be a part of the series because it’s just, like, the best ballad ever and all too relevant. not the point. the
“Crowley.”
“Jack,” said Amara. “I have something of yours.” She held out her hand, palm turned up.
“Stop,” said Dean. “I really did have something to say.”
“Trust me, you’re going back to an easier time,” said Dean. “Before angels and gods and the repeated apocalypse. It’s almost refreshing.”
Dean’s jaw twitched. Yeah, he knew those hunts.
“Waylon liked Eli,” said Jack.
Cas smiled sadly. “A few times,” he said. Voice soft, almost apologetic, though this Dean couldn’t understand why.
“That’s… Right. Okay. Forget the horses. My question stands.”
“She wouldn’t have mentioned him anyway,” Dean cut in. “Because I was never here. Let’s get this out of the way quick. Him? That’s Teen-Dean. He’s me from another world. They’re running about twenty years behind us.”
“My mom died when I was four,” said Young Dean, and it wasn’t even a lie. Dean felt a shred of gratitude at how he took over, and more when Young Dean continued. “You know, we weren’t always in the faith. It would’ve been a big help, back then, if we were. Dad, tell her about how you became a believer.”
“And leave you to somehow start World War Three when I’m not looking?” said Dean. “I’m not putting it past you at this point.”
Dean picked up EMF activity throughout, sometimes strong and sometimes weak, with no real rule as to where or why. No other clues of the monstrous along the path. Or, for that matter, the angelic.
“It’s true,” Cas said. “As far as anyone can tell. The decisions that you and Sam will make seem to be very carefully calibrated towards survival here, in a way that failed in most other iterations.”
“Why don’t you leave the armour?” said Dean. “We never see you out of uniform like this.”
“Ms. Crocker will have to wait.” The voice, reed-thin and accented with a smoky twang, came from behind them. An ancient side-by-side shotgun pointed down at Dean. “Stand up. And move on inside.” The shotgun gestured quickly at the kitchen door. “Hands where I can see. All of you in there. Like fish in a barrel.”
gross.”
“A griffin egg,” Dean echoed. “What kind of fantasy mumbo-jumbo is this?”
“Well, we should pack up and head out,” said Dean. “It’s a bit of a drive. You’ll come visit us in Kansas someday, won’t you? You’d like the library.”
And here he was now, in Heaven, thinking about how he’d rather be doing all of this on Earth where his actions changed things. Where his existence had impacts, for his own future and for the world, for better or worse. Dean accepted it when he had to die, but now he wished there were no afterlife at all. No Hell or Heaven or Empty. No memories, no consciousness, no spirit to haunt a house or a flask or an old favourite ring. No eternity. Nothing but worms to eat his rotting body, and flowers to grow out of his grave.
Cas reached over again, swiping a finger carelessly across the screen like it wasn’t fucking Star Trek that he could do this. “That’s Jack, that’s me and Jack, that’s Jack, there’s you again.”
“Dean banished Uriel,” said Cas. “I doubt he’ll return here just to lose another fight, though.”
“He didn’t say much, which is typical,” said Dean, filling Sam in on the salient information from the night before. “That the angels showed up as soon as they arrived and took Past-Cas away so they could brainwash him again. That they froze him out, and he hasn’t had any luck finding another way to Heaven. Not for lack of trying, I think. In the meantime, he’s been hunting a little where he can, and been doing some honest work to pay the bills. Tries not to uproot the two of you, only moves on if he thinks Dad’s closing in.”
It was a non-answer, but it was also a solution. Cas took a deep drink from his black coffee, eyes flicking around the room, landing on Dean last and staying there.
“We didn’t have an abundance of time,” said Cas. “The longer I stayed in the past, the more taxing the journey back would be.”
Darkness followed, and when Dean could see past the stars in his eyes he winced at the broken windows of Bobby’s shed, glass scattered all around. In the kitchen, the clock on the microwave flashed midnight and the fridge hummed back into activity.
Dean grimaced, eyeing Young Dean warily, but answering him. “She doesn’t remember anything,” he said. “Whether they got in the way of demons or whether it has something to do with the Arimaspoi, we got no way of knowing.”
Cas put a hand on Dean’s arm, giving one shake of his head.
“I just wanted to talk to you,” said Young Dean. “No big deal. Not my fault I remembered everything.”
“He’d be proud of us, right?” said Jack. He didn’t have to specify who he was talking about.
Sam swallowed hard. “So. Uh,” he said. “This isn’t. A conversation that we’ve had.”
“Because they have good hearts,” said Cas.
“Looks like this is us, Cas,” said Dean, tapping a hand against his elbow as he passed into the room with their bag, setting it down on the bed. “Beach view.” He looked over his shoulder, the benign malice of an older sibling lighting up his eyes. “Please tell me the other room is bunk beds.”
At his back, something shifted through dead leaves. Jack and Dean rounded, their flashlights illuminating the skeleton-grey of surrounding trees. A creeping mist wisped forward from the ground, curling around tree trunks and branches, coming nearer. Dean glanced over his shoulder to check on Eli, but the ghost had vanished.
“Oh, I don’t know,” said Dean, and he seemed genuine, like he hadn’t expected Cas to ask that question. Hadn’t thought of his reason for sneaking in here, just did it on no account.
“It’s alright,” said Dean, voice strained. “I pity the poor bastard too.” He finally lifted his cold beer to his mouth, but he paused, turned to the sink. “I’m not thirsty,” he said, dumping out the bottle, setting it empty on the back of the sink to put away tomorrow.
The cock of a rifle echoed across the snow and ice, magnified in the empty night air.
Dean shrugged, mouth twisting briefly. “Stopped going much. Makes me think of Sam,” he answered. “Stanford. I used to like it, I guess.”
“That’s what I figure,” said Young Dean. “Especially with you old guys who probably can’t just sleep in the car.”
Lanie gave him a look like she was itching for her gun again. The usual reward for unsolicited advice.
, Sam replied. Dean tucked his phone away again.
“Leave him out of it,” said Dean, waving off Past-Cas and pointing at Young Dean instead. “You. What did you do?”
“Because of…” Past-Cas gestured at himself. “This vessel. Here, it is only your projection.”
Dean grimaced at the thought.
“This Time Tomorrow” were both used in Wes Anderson’s
“Sorry to have outstayed my welcome,” said Young Dean. “I guess I didn’t realise you only wanted me when I was useful to you. I should’ve known better, I really should’ve.”
“Oh, I got some idea,” Young Dean said, laughing bitterly. “I know what I do to put food on the table.”
“No, Jack,” said Dean. “You don’t have to be sorry. You were so strong.”
“His lion semen,” said Cas.
Dean pulled out a fresh t-shirt, a tan-coloured affair advertising a long-defunct drive-in theatre, and quickly stripped out of his hot layers. Cas leaned against the windowsill to watch him change with a look of mild appraisal.
Cas looked over. With the dim room and cloudy sky beyond the window, his eyes looked a deeper shade of blue than usual. They were gorgeous. Young Dean never got tired of looking at him.
“I’m not a saint, Cas,” said Young Dean. “Don’t make me sound so holy.”
Dean’s hand went to the gear shift, his foot lifting from the brake. Then he looked out the front window and stopped.
“You’re the worst at life advice, you know that?”
“Yeah, well. You find it,” said Dean. He unfolded his arms, giving up his standoffishness at last and coming over to stand beside Young Dean. “It’s a good album. You can put it on.”
“That’s one word for it,” said Dean, gradually pulling himself back together. Bobby might not be giving him grief over this, but that didn’t make him any more inclined to talk about feelings than usual. Even this moment’s indulgence was for Dean’s own sake and far outside Bobby’s wheelhouse. Dean knew that, and he would rein himself in.
“It’s one of the stories inside,” said Dean. He spoke thickly. “The gay cowboy story.”
Past-Cas stood at his side, looking distant and stony. For all that the billowy-shirt wardrobe and youthful face softened his outward appearance, the coldness of his expression won out. Young Dean didn’t think he’d be forgiven any time soon. It hurt a little, even if he deserved it, because he liked Past-Cas.
There were no rules here. No consequences. The boundaries of where they began and ended blurred, so that there could be no misunderstandings either. No doubts. Young Dean would take as much as Past-Cas would give, and the rest would remain as a promise for the future.
“I don’t hate you,” he said, smiling despite himself. “Now come on, enough of this sappy shit. You’re gonna want to hear what we got up to today.”
“Fucked up,” Young Dean whispered to the others.
“Hey, Reefer Madness. You know what he’s not savouring?” This was Young Dean, speaking up from his place at Past-Cas’ side. “Past-Cas was in pain before we knocked him out and he might still be feeling it. So if we could save stoner philosophy for later, I think we’d all appreciate it.”
“What’s the matter with liking me anyway?” he asked. “There are worse crimes.”
This was no dream, with the warm softness of Cas’ mouth all too real. The sound of their lips meeting, the graze of stubble against his skin, the taste of night air and a green garden. His heart beat triple-time in his chest and he felt dizzy with it, like he’d never catch his breath again. He didn’t care. He’d been so careful, the last few days. He didn’t want to be in control of himself anymore.
It wasn’t strange to him, wanting to choose how he died. When. With whom. It didn’t mean he had any say in it. But if Death was taking notes, the bunker wasn’t where he wanted to draw his last breath.
Dean sank into his seat again, casting a critical look at Jack’s phone as the kid typed in another text message. Dean didn’t need to ask the question aloud, his raised brow doing all the heavy lifting. Dean and Jack had been on the road long enough that they were like him and Sam when it came to cases. Sometimes a little short with each other, tired and restless from all the moving around. Jack had developed more of an attitude since becoming human.
“I just might,” said Dean. “Of all the dumb decisions I’ve made…”
Dean still laughed, barely looking at where they were going as Young Dean pressed onward down the street. “‘
“This is insanity,” Cas muttered as he got out, looking around at the perfectly normal scenery of the California coastal road at twilight. Past-Cas joined him. Dean and Teen-Dean stood silently. Dean nodded at something.
Dean went to the door of the house, sizing the place up, wondering if it would kill this town to build something symmetrical. Half the cottages and shops in this town looked like if Dr. Seuss had had a Mediterranean architecture phase. He knocked on the front door and waited, casting a glance back to the car as if to assure himself nothing had happened in the thirty steps that brought him to the front door.
“What is that?” Dean said to the others. “Middle of our world, like the Earth’s core? Or world like universe?”
Being left at the boys’ home. Being sent away when John hit the limit with him. Being benched on a hunt. Separation from Sam.
Cas briefly concentrated, but then he shook his head. “I don’t detect her.”
“He has made contact with the Michael sword,” said the angel to Cas’ right.
Cas stirred, eyes cracking open, grumpy and sleepy and muttering something unintelligible that had the sound of a question. Asking what Dean was doing, probably.
“On the bright side, if you don’t hear from me, it’s probably just a sign that nothing terrible’s happened.”
It was at that moment, when better judgment nearly won out, that the four demons materialized on the mountaintop. One grabbed Rachel, pulling her back from her father with a knife to her throat. Two others flanked the small clearing, weapons drawn, facing down the Winchesters and Castiel. The fourth demon, the evident leader, stood at Peter’s side.
Young Dean avoided Dean’s gaze for the moment, holding back a sigh and pretending like he just wanted to watch the game. He was spared for a brief moment while the bartender, a black-haired woman whose name tag read Lois, approached them with an easy, “What can I get for ya?”
“I was in a bad way, near bleeding out, surrounded, no exit. And then she comes in and it’s like nothing can touch her. Anything that tried to attack her missed, and she’d plant a hex bag that’d do ‘em in, move on to the next as cool as anything. Gave me something to drink that would stop the bleeding—I knew it was some kind of magic potion but I was so scared of death just then that I’d have taken anything—and she said some spell with a couple of apple peels told her where to go.”
“What?”
“It’s pointless to talk about,” said Young Dean. “I can’t believe we swapped places on this. But look, I know I’m not needed here. I don’t serve anyone any purpose.”
Young Dean picked out their motel when he was ready to call it quits for the day, getting Sam to phone in the credit card information for the booking. They found the motorcycle parked outside the room with two queen beds, but there was no Young Dean inside. His backpack on the bed nearer the door and a damp towel over a bathroom hook showed he’d been there, at least.
“We’re in that fight together,” said Young Dean.
“Eh, I guess not,” Dean conceded. They both lifted their beers, taking a swig with the same, easy action.
But the crux was, he wouldn’t be alone. It was never something he’d been good at, never more than a front anyone who really knew him could see through. Young Dean would start over, just ahead of twenty, with someone who knew him deeper and loved him harder than anything he could conceive of. He’d start out with something that Dean had only just won for himself, more than twenty years later.
“You know you survive,” said Cas. “Sam’s new shoes, the sixty-eight dollars, only proves that. You don’t want him to be vulnerable to… everything else about the world. That’s a very parental instinct, Dean.”
“Hey, Cas?” he said.
“No,” said Sam. “Not in the same way, at least. But he hears it, wherever he is.”
Mary shook her head once. “No, with…” A nervous smile chased briefly across her face. “With this old girlfriend of mine from Texas.”
Young Dean’s face became slack and serious. “No,” he said.
“You mean ask him,” said Sam. “You’ll ask him at some point.”
“Then I’ll stay,” said Past-Cas.
Cas narrowed his eyes. “Hard to say.”
“Obviously librarians do,” said Sam. “Okay. Carl Jung. The book sounds creepy, so we’re probably on the right track. Is that something you have?”
“Hit me with it,” he said.
“It’s a very striking part of the country,” said Cas.
“Right,” said Young Dean, biting his lower lip and nodding. “Getting Cas back is only Step One for a better world. Then… there’ll be everything else.”
. And there, in tiny writing at the bottom of the circle: “Abraxas dominus mundi.”
“No?” said Dean.
“Everything about you’s important,” said Dean.
the object. Everything about him says, ‘send me to November 1998.’”
“I’m too satisfied that it’s come to be at all. I wouldn’t dare to ask for it any other way.”
So they were both hopeless, the pair of them. Good to know.
Dean returned to the library enough times that week that by Wednesday he no longer needed Essie’s help to sign on to the clunky library computers and connect to the Web. On Thursday, he hotwired a car after seeing Sam off to school and broke into an abandoned Men of Letters chapterhouse halfway across the state. There were many things he could have poached as useful plunder, but he took only the books he thought might help him. He ditched the car at the edge of town, wiping it clean of his prints, and made it to back to the motel before Sam could know he’d been gone.
, have you seen it?”
“No problem,” said Young Dean, taking out his wallet, fishing out a Texas driver’s license.
“How’d you stop him?”
I thought might take more time than I had.”
“There’s something else, Sam,” said Dean. “The ghost… the kid… he saw Cas.”
“So,” said Dean, looking at Eliza again. “Past-Cas. We’re ready?”
» ch. 5 title reference: "Rio" by Low Cut Connie (this song is more fun and more homosexy than Dean would ever allow for himself but come on:
Dean surged forward, pinning Young Dean hard against the wall, his arm a cross-bar over his chest. “And what about you, huh? You tried to
“You’ve been alone awhile,” Dean noted. He understood what that was like. He’d known it too. He wanted more than ever to end that loneliness for both of them. To be able to kiss Cas and say,
Young Dean caught sight of the waitress making her rounds, sure to come to their table next. He hesitated a moment, but risked asking, “Hey, am I allowed to get some more wings?”
Dean sat back on his heels, taking his brush away from the outer perimeter of the mandala. “So kinda like a human and an angel, you’re saying.” His voice was cold and level, a pretense of neutrality.
“And what do you think we’re doing?” said Dean. “Time travel isn’t a game, Teen-Dean.”
The sand and dune grass appeared silver, a muted night-world that might have been the moon or a mirror-world. Like someone had swapped out the ordinary, familiar plane of existence for its uncanny double, where not a soul existed but the four of them. Surely someone had tread here during the day: couples and families and dog-walkers who criss-crossed this stretch of beach without a spare thought, but at this hour, in this emptiness, they may well never have existed.
Sam’s awkward summary unloaded more implausible facts than Young Dean was quite prepared to handle, which silenced him for a moment. When he worked himself up to speak again, it was that sticking point, “But you’ve got Eileen.”
Scott wheeled the bike in and leaned it against a wall. He took the seat Dean had been in earlier, ignoring the laptop on the table as a sign of recent occupancy. He let out a breath, gave an uneasy smile. His hands trembled. Dean shifted his posture, still solid, assessing. Jack looked to Dean, then mimicked the stance.
» ch. 9 title ref: “
“If it’s something we have any power over,” said Cas. “I’d like the same.” He tipped his head faintly and said, without the tone of a question: “This isn’t what normal people talk about, is it?”
“Believe me,” said Jody, peeling an orange and handing Claire half. “Essie’s sudden hunches are better informed than most people’s lifelong pursuits.”
“That’s a good thing, Dean,” said Cas, his gaze imploring. “I may have caused many problems because of the things I did, I don’t discount that, but I never would have saved so many people without discovering free will. I’ve made the choice to help, to align myself with Dean and Sam and make the right choice for the world, again and again. I have to hope that balances out the red in my ledger.”
“Can I help pick the cake?” Jack asked.
“Did he ever tell you about it?” Young Dean asked Cas. “Or did he not have to?”
“Right,” Dean lied.
“And my incentive is…?”
“That’s dumb. We’re not doing that,” Dean said to Sam, rapidly shooting down another idea.
“Dad’s not coming with us.”
The laughter echoed through the air, shaking the trees and rippling the ground, louder than ever before.
He stepped forward because he had to be the good big brother now, clapping a hand on Sam’s arm. “Born ready, Sammy,” he said. “Let’s kick some griffin tailfeather.”
. Grown-up.
man must be
“You’re a flowers kind of guy, huh? I’ll have to tell Dean that. Make sure he remembers for birthdays and Valentine’s.”
He picked up the book. “A library book, Dad? Really?”
Dean looked around. He didn’t even remember what he came in here for in the first place. He didn’t know if that made him old or just distracted. Looking at Young Dean made him feel about a hundred. Talking to him was worse. All his yearning and aspirations. Dean lifted the needle from the record and powered off the turntable, gave up on remembering what he came for, and returned to the hallway.
“Yeah well. You see this angel, he’s actually Cas? He’s a past version of Cas and he’s here in the present so we’re calling him Past-Cas just for, like, a pretense of sanity.”
Cas looked over his shoulder, quietly surveying the younger self, younger vessel. Unlike Dean, he didn’t seem to spit fire when he had to face his mirror. “You tried to be,” he said.
“More than fucking anything,” said Dean. “My point is, if I had him when I was your age? If I knew what was possible? Wouldn’t make a difference, my ass.” He slowed as he pulled into the sandy parking area of a largely-empty beach. “If he was around it would mean there’s always someone I belonged to, no matter where I was.” He put the car into park, folded his arms over the wheel, and rested his chin on top as he looked out. He’d done this before more than twenty years ago, when he still took trips out to California.
“Sure I am. He gets killed out there, that’s gonna have a pretty significant consequence for me.”
“Being this close,” said Past-Cas, looking paler than Castiel. “I feel ill.”
Young Dean deliberately busied himself with his own bag, rooting down to the bottom of his neatly arranged backpack to draw out a half-pint mason jar and a journal. He flipped through the journal, reading over a set of instructions until Dean returned with a freshly repacked duffle bag and a tan trench coat. He offered the coat to Cas, who put it on at once and shook out the lapels so that it lay over him correctly.
“We did go to LA,” said Dean. “Three or four years ago? It was—” he smiled a little, which was a win. “It was actually sort of funny, for being terrible. Lucifer was possessing Vince Vincente.”
“How often does it have to feed?” Dean asked. “Should we be worried it’s hunting?”
“Hey, Cas,” said Young Dean. “This is Rachel.”
“So we’re ready to call Past-Cas down here?” Dean asked, walking nearer, looking him over.
“Not tired,” said Young Dean. “I spent all day on a motorbike, I need some time on my feet.” And with that he was out of his chair. He ordered another bottle of beer with a simple wave and hand gesture at the bartender, then within a minute had insinuated himself amongst the pool players.
“That’s obvious,” growled Dean. “Or Sam wouldn’t be missing.”
He looked at Castiel’s dark head studiously bowed over a different book written in symbols Young Dean didn’t recognise.
“I regret saying that, I do,” said Sam. “Just you and Jack aren’t exactly neutral about—”
» my thanks to user DustyCharacter for helping me source the Tennessee Williams quotation
that scrapes the marrow from my bones. every time I read it, I find myself holding my breath
“I’m not going to put anybody at risk,” said Young Dean. “I’ll tell you what’s relevant when it’s relevant.”
Past-Cas turned his gaze to Young Dean, the acute focus of it resting on him like a physical weight. Everything he’d heard about angels made them out to be emotionless robots by nature, too literal and pious to have room for feeling. That wasn’t what he saw in Past-Cas’ gaze, though. It was tragedy and doubt, it was yearning and regret, an intense metaphysical awareness alongside a shadow-form of desire. Young Dean wondered if the difference wasn’t that Past-Cas felt more, felt deeper, than Young Dean could even imagine.
Cas appeared in the middle of the motel room, swaying on his feet. He staggered on the spot, then caught himself on his bed, sitting heavily.
“So what about the other ingredients?” Dean asked. “Where do I find the sands of time?” His eyes brushed over Castiel’s shoulders. “An angel feather?”
No small wonder he didn’t want to risk losing it.
“Then hopefully I see you later today.”
“I think you got the spell wrong, buddy,” said Dean.
At first Dean thought the sound he heard was the wind rising, then all at once it came clear to him. The beast was speaking, its voice a high, earthy wheeze. “I see a fine prince before me,” it said. A gnarled arm extended out, draped in shadows, dead leaves falling from the stiffly-moving limbs. “Wouldn’t you like to have brothers and sisters, child?” said the King. “Wouldn’t you bloom beautifully in my garden?” It prowled closer, looming tall above Jack, who firmly stood his ground.
“Think what?”
“Can Past-Cas come?” Young Dean asked. Both Castiels looked over with mild curiosity at hearing their name.
Sam winced at having let it slip, but his gaze drifted to the box of
Sam leaned his hip against the counter, sighing and chewing his tongue. “Look, don’t hold this against him, but Teen-Dean… He told me about it. He, basically, came out to me.”
to you, Dean?”
“Right. Can’t mess up the timeline,” Dean said. “Don’t want to accidentally kill Future Me.”
Dean wanted to play cool. He wanted to fire back with a quippy retort. Instead he just shook his head and said, “No, this is way too insane, man.”
“Not hurt,” said Young Dean, a look in his face like he either wanted approval or feared reprisal. “Not dead. Timeline’s intact.”
“I thought setting Chuck loose was something we were trying
“It was where your body was,” said Cas. “I simply brought you back there. I didn’t have a mind for details regarding basic human limitations. I fulfilled the letter of the mission, and didn’t think about the part where you had to dig through six feet of earth.”
Dean didn’t trust it, but he couldn’t keep asking. He looked away from Cas at last, eyes landing on Sam. Sam, the teenager who’d never met an angel before and looked wide-eyed, like he’d touched an electric wire.
“People never heard of twins before?” asked Dean, unfastening the gas cap.
Dean stepped into an apartment living room. It was humble, with third-hand furnishings and a mishmash of tastes, but it was tidy and bright. Second-floor, good-size windows, sitting above a shop-lined street.
“I don’t understand,” said Sam. “Dean, what happened?”
“Hunter,” said Wallis, gesturing across the table. “Recognizably famous hunter. And his angel-man.”
“It’s sweet that he’s concerned.”
“You know what? I like this,” he said.
, Cas said. It was hard when Young Dean managed, by his mere presence, to get on Dean’s last nerve. The best Dean had it in him to do was just ignore him.
He found Cas watching him closely. “But you understand that there is nothing
Cas put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. As always, the shape of his grip echoed down from skin to soul. “Dean,” he said.
Dean accepted the cold bottle of El Sol that John offered to him, John’s face creased with smiling because life had never been so easy.
Cas knew many things at once. Jack was alive and connected with his powers. Cas was on Earth, which hadn’t been destroyed. He stood somewhere in the middle of the U.S. in the early part of the twenty-first century, not long at all after he’d left it. He didn’t know whose ranch this was, who owned the various horses that had stopped to look at him, or why this place should be his first landing point after The Empty.
“Cas made a request,” said Young Dean. “He wants you to take me there.”
“Would you shut up for a second?” Dean asked. “Just stow your bullshit and listen to me. I’m not being some petty piece of shit, here, I’m trying to say you can’t touch him, because that isn’t Cas.”
Young Dean briefly wondered how many people he’d save in the years ahead if he could take just one of these things back with him. It didn’t feel fair that to pilfer a knife and spare a couple of innocent lives in his own time would unravel the universe.
Young Dean gave a laid-back wave. “Hey again.”
“The novelty wears off,” Dean answered, just as Sam and Cas reached their table. He turned in his seat, taking on a lax, heavy angle as he leaned an elbow against the tabletop. “Fellas,” he said by way of greeting.
“Great night,” said Young Dean, heaving a sigh. “I haven’t laughed like that in a while.”
“Do you think he’s watching us right now?” said Jack.
» ch. 18 title ref: “Life Goes On” by The Damned
“You’re nineteen,” said Cas. “Why would you…”
“I think it might be time to get this place a barbeque,” said Dean. “Gotta do this right.”
“What about a magic spell, or some kind of trap to keep him in place, like holy oil?”
That sounded fake, though.
“I am letting go,” said Dean. “I want it to be over.” He couldn’t keep this up. The horn sounded again through the air, long and clear.
“Strain it how?”
“I know you,” said Young Dean, half-manic laughter rising out of his throat. “I
Inside again, Bobby helped him to prepare the spell. Dean gave it his blood, then painted the sigil on the underside of the phone, adding in Cas’ date delineations.
Young Dean’s tortured expression transformed into a smile. “You know what? I think it would.”
“I want Cas to know I’ll love him for the rest of my days.”
“Okay,” said Sam. Then, “I can’t believe Dad hit you.”
Eileen and Jack awaited them in the bunker library, leaving off a signed conversation as the group returned.
“Shit,” said Dean.
“It’s among the least offensive things I’ve heard,” said Past-Cas. He paused for a moment, thought out his words, then said, “It’s considerate of you to ask.”
“Fine, he can be Past-Cas,” said Young Dean. “If it’ll shut you up.”
“You are an adult in the eyes of the prevailing law of the country,” said Castiel.
“So like a supernatural serial killer,” said Dean.
And then Eli was gone. Absent in a way he hadn’t been before, his emptiness leaving a brief, small hollow in the world. Already beginning to ease away, like a hole scraped into the sand of the beach, filling up again after the wash of a wave over the shore.
“Hey, man, it’s just me,” said Dean. “Of anyone out there, anyone in the world, I get it.”
They whiled into the evening sharing information about the Fisher King. Sam talked more than he had in months, rehashing every possible nuance in the scant communication he’d had from Eileen. It sounded tragic to Young Dean, really. Sam spent nearly every waking moment between when they last parted and now trying to fix this, even when Eileen had ordered him to leave it be. In the four months that had passed, he’d even made contact with her. Dramatic and bittersweet moments that made it perfectly clear that her actions came from an attempt to protect Sam. Being parted from him wasn’t a choice, but a necessity.
“They needed my help to kill a griffin up in the mountains, and somehow—” He shook his head in disbelief, still a little surprised at his own success. “I did it. We did it. Sam and me and Cas—and by ‘me’ I mean ‘him,’ Future-Me. And along the way, Bobby, we fought with demons, and there are angels. There are
“It’s Rowena,” Sam said. “She’s making it work.”
Dean shoved away from the counter, opened the fridge, and pulled out a bottle of beer for Young Dean. He crossed to the doorway, offering it out. “Here you go, kid.”
“How’d it go?” Dean asked.
“I’d rather not go into it,” said Young Dean, glancing at the others. “They have something we need to save someone we care about, that’s all there is to it.”
“We can fill him in on what he needs to know,” said Dean. “As much as he needs to know it.”
“Yes,” he said again.
»  that said, I always trusted my readers to be Very Bright People who don’t mind a scattering, or even a deluge, of some decent literary references. also, if you are reading this, thanks for enabling the director’s commentary on this viewing
Whether at the accusation or the rough actions, Young Dean had the grace to look shocked for a moment. Scared, almost. But then he swallowed and the look in his eyes cooled. Like he’d checked out. “Go ahead,” said Young Dean. “Say it. You’re only saying it to yourself, after all.”
“I’m getting sort of pissed that I won’t remember this,” said Young Dean. “I mean, do I feel like I need to wash my brain after all this? Yeah, absolutely. But I’d kill just to have a chance to live it all differently. Do it for my sake, Dean.”
“You’ve never played fair,” said Past-Cas. “I learned from the best.”
“That’s at least a little reassuring,” said Dean. “Hate to think this is how you fight on a hunt.”
Well. Sam likely would’ve stopped Jack, if he knew he was attempting a spell that involved any personal cost. The Winchesters had a well-established double standard where self-sacrifice was concerned.
The light grew so bright that Dean had to raise an arm to shield his eyes. Wind swept around the outer perimeter of the mandala without touching either of the two at the centre. Dean could hardly hear their voices any longer, didn’t know if they were still incanting the spell.
Dean intended to speak, he really did. He didn’t want to leave Jack unanswered. The question warranted a simple, honest reply. It shouldn’t be so hard. Every answer in Dean’s head, though, was just deflect, deny, dismiss. Not what Jack deserved. Not what Cas deserved.
The trees formed a perfect circle here, as if they sought to avoid whatever poison stood at its centre. Eli paused at the edge, took a deep breath he didn’t need, then stepped in. “There’s seven of them,” he said, pointing around the outside of the circle. He bowed his head, gaze on the ground as if he didn’t want to look.
“It doesn’t,” assured Cas.
“I have the gun,” said Claire. “You want to talk? Then prove you aren’t monsters. There’s a silver knife and some holy water on the desk. Walk slow. No sudden movements.”
“Right,” said Dean. “He was just a teenager the first couple times he came around here, so the name stuck. Teen-Dean knew your grandma back in his world, I didn’t know her here. That little token you’re holding might just be the same one you have.”
“You must have some questions,” said Cas. “Perhaps about the universe or what comes next.”
“So,” Sam said, adding sugar to his coffee. He still liked it sweet. In the future, health-nut that he was, he wouldn’t doctor it at all. “When are you gonna tell me what went down with you and Dad?” He bit into his toast, which he’d smeared with a thick layer of peanut butter and another of blueberry jam. Dean intended to pocket the rest of the packets at their table, and any others in reach on the way out. Anything to get them a little farther.
Dean said no more as Sam parked the Impala. Sam brought the carefully folded mandala from the trunk, while Cas took up the heavy box with the egg.
“Nothing like it,” said Lanie, stretching out her legs to rest across Wallis’ seat. She didn’t look at Dean, though. Her gaze was likewise directed outside, though the pair of them were out of sight. Lanie chewed on the edge of a thumbnail. “I was on a hunt, though. One of those bad ones, you know? False leads, wrong weapons, people dying and dying around you because you can’t get there fast enough.”
“None of us ever said the new world would be a cakewalk,” said Dean. “Not having God around will make some things easier, anyway. But listen, one thing at a time. Eliza, we won’t keep you.”
“Thanks for bringing that up,” Dean sniped. “Really adds something to the moment.”
“I’m sorry, Cas,” said Dean. “I’ve been sorry this whole time, ever since we got here.”
Dean glanced over at Jack on the other motel bed. He had a laptop perched unsteadily on his knees and turned his attention up at the sound of Sam’s voice.
He rotated his beer glass slowly in the ring of condensation it left on the table. “I’m surprised you booked us a double room,” Young Dean said. “Thought you’d want some time with Cas.”
He was right. Tonight there were better things to think about. They rejoined the party, Dean’s eyes finding Cas as soon as they entered the room. There was a question in Cas’ gaze. An answer in the wink that Dean shot him. Meanwhile Young Dean, Claire, and Past-Cas sat on the floor around a coffee table where Claire showed them mystifying depths of modern tech and the internet.
“Are you older than the Sun or younger?” Dean asked.
“Jack, it’s not a deal that’s on you to make,” said Dean.
“I’m saying you don’t
Eliza looked from Cas up to Dean, then back to Cas. “Are you in love with a human?” she asked. A hopeful note sounded in her voice.
Dean gave a somber nod of approval. It wasn’t the first time one of them stayed back to pose as a suitably concerned volunteer to a citizen search crew, finding lost bodies allegedly by chance. It was terrible work. For Dean, it was at least half penance for failing someone. They might be past saving, but at least the families could be brought some closure. “That’s good,” Dean said mutedly. He offered out one coffee cup. “Here. Warm up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Maybe,” said Sam.
“I wish I was lying,” said Dean. “Really, I do. Sam, will you just let me explain?”
“You are granting me my freedom,” said Eliza as Dean worked through the final lock. “I would help you with anything you asked.”
“Don’t worry about that part,” said Young Dean.
“Cas didn’t seem to think so,” said Young Dean.
“Oh, angel,” said Young Dean. “My heart’s a mark you can’t miss.”
Cas frowned, nodding slowly, going through the obvious effort of attempting to parse whatever the hell that meant.
Past-Cas looked around the room as he came further inside. “You like it here,” he announced. “It feels private, but not lonely. You aren’t used to that.”
“The Oak King doesn’t work quite like that,” said Sam. “From what I can tell he’s more of a, um, hobbyist? He doesn’t need to eat them to survive or anything. He just likes it.”
“I am only saying what I sense,” said Past-Cas. “The imprint of your longing has left an irreversible mark on me. I could feel your soul through any darkness.”
Cas had to clamber over Dean to get to the empty side of the bed. Dean’s preference was always closer to the door than the wall. Not for means of escape, but for offering his protection, even when there was no call to expect danger.
“I’m sure we can find that,” said Young Dean. “We’ll get you whatever you need.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Young Dean looked as if he knew everything Dean was thinking, even if he hadn’t been through half of what Dean had. “You’re not a bad role model,” said Young Dean. “In the end.”
Young Dean looked away and Eileen answered. “It’s supposed to heal illnesses, grant life. Maybe even communicate directly with God. Not that we want that.”
“You weren’t kidding about my soul, then,” said Young Dean, and he seemed finally to have circled down to the question he wanted to ask all along. “You’ve really seen it?”
Eli looked away. “I told you, time is strange for me. It stalks through the woods sometimes, even if it doesn’t kill. I hide from it. It doesn’t want anything to do with me. I’m already dead.”
“So we don’t talk about this shit in the future?” Young Dean asked. It was almost surprising, if they didn’t. Young Dean just found Cas so easy to bare his soul to. He kept wanting to do it.
It started to hit Dean, just how much Cas had given up over the years. This version of him was powerful and self-certain, holding certain truths about Heaven and Earth to be immutable. And it wasn’t just the younger vessel he’d taken; there had been something weary in the older Castiel. Something almost mortal. Dean hadn’t realised it at first, distracted by the power to heal, to time-hop, and to take on demons in a fight. But with this younger, unmet Cas it was different. The prim way he sat across from Dean, not eating, not touching his glass of water, just observing the trappings of the restaurant with unveiled curiosity, emphasized how exotic and transcendent he was.
“We have a daughter?” Young Dean asked.
“There’s a witch I know,” said Essie. “He might help us.”
“Did it happen as soon as you got there?” Dean asked. “Was it on account of Cas?”
Essie came back with a book. Not a scroll or leather-bound tome or her hunter’s journal, but a small paperback novel with a funny-looking cover. She flipped rapidly through the pages as she walked, coming to stop at the kitchen island, where she leaned on her elbows to read aloud. “Here it is,” she said. “I should’ve thought of it sooner.” She cleared her throat once before reciting: “‘The bird struggles out of the egg. The egg is the world. Whoever wants to be born must destroy a world. The bird is flying to god. The name of the god is Abraxas.’”
“We are not starting wildfires in California, Dean,” said Cas. “Most especially with these winds the way they are.”
“I have
“Is it hatching?” Young Dean asked.
As Young Dean settled in at the table with Sam and Cas, Dean wondered if he was even the best person to try and get through to the kid. Cas, of anyone, could likely just train a look on Young Dean and have him baring every secret. Granted, Young Dean had his own version of Cas and Sam that he saw all the time. Maybe he wouldn’t be so susceptible to these two, when he had his own to look after. Perhaps he’d even built up an immunity to Cas’ imploring gaze and disarming sincerity.
“Crowley,” said Castiel.
“Oh shut up,” said Dean, shoving at Young Dean’s shoulder. “You’re the lovesick puppy—”
The look in Cas’ eyes turned a shade warmer. “You think?”
“What did you think?” Dean asked.
“Speaking.”
“Did you see when it was changing?” he asked. “Did you ever see Jack?”
“Yeah, yeah,” said Dean. “He’s half to blame.”
“I will find the correct vessel,” said Cas. “I will meet you in the flesh.”
There was too much to say. He did not know for certain until now that Dean was alive. He hadn’t sacrificed himself to save the world, as he’d tried so many times before. Cas’ desperate plan to spare him had worked. Cas’ final words, spoken believing they’d truly be his last, hung before him. Dean was looking at him like— Cas couldn’t say. He didn’t dare make assumptions about those green eyes looking so wistful and tender.
By the time he neared the bottom of his beer, Young Dean pushed the platter stacked with stripped chicken bones away so that he could lean an arm on the table, unconsciously mimicking Dean. “What time will we head out tomorrow?” he asked. At this point he had barely made it around to having his questions answered, and for the present kept them neutral and pragmatic. He was in Dean’s bad books, even if there was nothing to gain by remaining at odds with each other. Young Dean couldn’t undo his mistakes and Dean had to know that. But Dean also had his pride.
Like a lane into heaven that leads from a dream,—
” mandala
Dean, nineteen now and wiser than ever, didn’t go in for games of luck so much any more. Couldn’t afford to. He had to lean into his knack for showmanship, bluffing, reading people. He picked up pool faster than poker, so pool it was. Schaffer’s wasn’t the kind of place where the bets were high, but nowhere Dean chanced upon ever would be. If he could walk away up ten bucks, twenty bucks—counting in expenses—he’d call it a night well-spent. He’d call forty a windfall, but anything above that amount would cast him too far out of the good graces of the other players. He had to win small to keep the game going.
Dean didn’t look prepared to consider the apology, but then, there were more important things at hand. “Sam needs you,” he said. “He, uh… We had a bad fall.”
Dean? Dean might not have been thinking clearly enough to do the same. At the time, he would’ve pushed Jack to get on with it. The new God had an idea that might bring back Cas? Then what the hell was he waiting for?
Cas said goodbye over his shoulder to the pool players, which could’ve been seen as politeness if those left behind weren’t embittered by having lost all their money to a drunk.
“Where do we start?” asked Dean.
“This isn’t the whole story,” said Dean. “I really do gotta tell you all the details at some point—there were Dark Watchers and stoner witches and we spent about a week out in California all told—but the point of it all is that I got this rare chance. The griffin egg they brought me in to get ended up being part of a spell to make a whole new world. This one.”
“Well it’s good to see you again, man,” said Sam, stepping forward now to greet Young Dean with a hug, with Dean following suit in an easy, natural way.
“It is
“Wow,” said Eileen. “Avoidant. Just like the real Dean.”
of slogging through shit, hating yourself, hiding things, acting the way you think you’re supposed to and hoping that will make it real.”
“Whereas here, I guess you weren’t gone more than a minute?” said Bobby.
“We’re doing a marathon when we get back to the bunker,” said Dean.
“So we survived Y2K,” he said. “Cool. What’s it like? World peace?”
“I want to tell him that he’s a survivor. That no matter how many unlucky circumstances he faces or… or difficult choices he makes, he’s more than just scar tissue and suffering. He has the ability to heal, and hope, and find life’s good things where he can.” Cas tipped his head against the doorframe, lashes dropping over his eyes, gaze on the middle distance between the countertop and the floor. “I don’t see why that wouldn’t be true.”
“Now. Imagine a new deck of cards in perfect order, grouped according to number and suit. I shuffle the cards once. They are no longer in order. This is entropy. They aren’t—I want to say this clearly—they aren’t chaotic or diminished. If you were to look at them, perhaps you would find a new pattern. By some accident I may shuffle them to alternate red-and-black, the respective card-values irrelevant. Or some pattern more difficult to perceive. Any order is order. The change in the order of the cards is perfectly measurable once it’s happened, but it is not predictable. I could shuffle again, and again, and again, with new patterns emerging in each instance.
Dean sank down in the water, letting it cover most of his chest, relishing the comfortable sense of resistance and weightlessness. He pulled on Cas to join him in a half-seated posture, bodies overlapping.
“And it goes against our divine ordinance. Among angels, emotion is strongly discouraged.” He paused. “It is corrected, where it’s found. Feelings… feelings are gateways to doubt, and doubting the Divine Plan? Well, if an angel doubts his only purpose, why call him an angel at all?”
“This is part of it,” said Cas, gesturing broadly with a hand as if he could point at everything Young Dean just said. “Zeroing in on anything bad you can find, whether it’s meant that way or not.”
“Oh. Jack’s father is Lucifer,” said Young Dean. “That’s normal.”
“What a killjoy,” said Young Dean. “Why have them and not use them?”
She took their orders, and the next time she passed their table left a plastic pitcher of water rattling with ice cubes.
“You find it hard to look at him and be proud, because you know his burdens and his secrets,” said Cas. “And he’s scared to look at you, as much to find out if he’s succeeded as if he’s failed. But if you were generous to him, if you don’t close yourself off, and let him see you, I think he’d be proud of the man he is.”
