Fenrir snarled at them and yanked on Sam who let out another scream of pain. Bucky and Steve had grabbed the man’s arms to try and prevent him from being dragged off.
Howard Stark was a renowned War Hero. He created a multitude of inventions that helped keep the winning edge on their side. But better than that, Howard had a way of knowing the lay of the land. He urged the Grecian armies to keep pressing the enemies back to their own country. Many worried that would give their enemy the advantage but somehow Howard robbed them of their supposed homeland advantage. He could tell where major cities and roads were located and where valleys and rivers were. He helped pick the best places to lay ambushes and fight battles. It was rumoured he may have had divine help guiding him, but Steve liked to think of a more sentimental helper than a random divine.
He wanted to check to make sure Loki had not been there the night before. Thor was protective of those close to him, and he knew Loki wasn’t overly fond of The Avengers. So he wanted to make sure this statue of Loki was just that and not Loki disguising himself.
“You don’t have to accept my apology or even forgive me.” He paused, “But please don’t give up on Steve.”
“Oh please! Steve, we had to wait for you and Bucky to file for separation before we even thought of planning our wedding.” They both laughed but it fell flat shortly after.
Coming to a close on the first year of Tony’s life in Hel all the creatures stopped their harassment. It came abruptly but Tony wasn’t going to question it. Rhodey, for his part, had given Loki a very formal bow when he dropped Tony back off in the palace but that had been the end of it.
“Steve really.” Peggy put on a teasing tone. “You’re such a softy, even all muscled up.” She made a movement as if to poke his chest.
I wanna thank everyone who comments and gives me kudos! YOU GUYS ARE GREAT!! I hope you know how much I appreciate and enjoy receiving both of them. I won't lie, comments give me more life lol BUT I appreciate all and want to thank all of you for sending me the love <3
“Tony!” Steve called, but Steve had spent a little too long in his own head as Tony was nearly at the altar. “Tony!” Steve called again, a little louder.
In a fit of anger Loki blasted ice and a green energy blast at the only untouched stalagmite left near him. He had been taking his anger out on them and had done a good job decimating all the other stalagmites which were now rubble on the ground.
Finally Pepper and the Avengers reached a rocky outcropping. And near one of the boulders they spotted a shade.
“Wow.” Steve let out silently but Tony caught it and locked eyes with him. Steve blushed then rapidly gestured to the sky light. “The view, it’s…wow!” Tony snickered, as did Sam and Clint.
Tony smiled in victory and folded his arms over his chest before turning back to Steve “And really? Bruce? Why are you trying to kill him?”
Thor and Bruce flew to Monster Bog. Once there Thor released a boom of thunder so as to make sure they captured all the monsters attention.
In front of them was a wide river. In said river was a brunette man and a white bodied, blonde centaur.
The days continued to pass with Bucky doing most of the teaching. Bucky taught Steve the basics of fighting he had learned. Both boys would run up and down the beach and through the small forest everyday. All while Erskine watched, observing them.
So the Avengers loaded up into their custom carriage and began to travel back home. Their carriage had artwork depicting the Avengers on it and was detailed with “The Avengers” printed on both sides. It was drawn by horses, and had a cloth top that they could pull back or fastened when needed.
They were outside the Great Temple of Frigga. Steve and Bucky had gone into the temple with Natasha while Rhodey, Sam, Bruce and Tony stayed outside at the bottom of the stairs leading to the entrance.
All three then ducked down and slowly crept closer to the river they could hear a few feet away. But the river wasn’t the only sound they heard. Now that they were closer Sam and Bucky could hear an argument coming from the riverfront. All three kept themselves hidden and peaked through their covering to evaluate the situation.
Upon returning home, they discovered Loki was over and him and Thor were having one of their better days as they were both lounging and feeding each other fruit. Clint had shared his discovery with Thor, who looked excited at Tony and asked to see some of his moves.
Riley and the princess had been courting. So the king ordered Riley to prove his worth by going and slaying the gorgon. Sam wasn’t about to leave his friend to fight the monster alone so they went off together. They had prayed to Brunnhilde for pardon as they would be fighting in her temple and were shocked beyond belief when the goddess appeared before them.
The Avengers were adored by not just their city but by the whole Greecian world. No heroes had defeated so many monsters so easily before. They were paid by the city, given gifts of gold, and earned royalty money. The people of New Thebes City had even built the Avengers a huge villa that branched off their already existing training yard. For The Avengers had become quite the superstars.
“Wait! I wasn’t done-” But the person had already hurried along, throwing Tony a confused look over their shoulder. “Ooook, that was weird.” But the kid shook it off and ran to greet another person. However he often got the same result. People were standoffish, they didn’t engage in conversation and most started to ignore him.
Pepper let out a sigh as she watched the shivering Avengers enter the Palace. This would not be fun for any of them.
Suddenly, loud growling could be heard from the end of the street and a wolf twice the size of a man could be seen prowling towards them.
“A battle plan. I know you guys have been helping out so I need to be briefed on the progress we’ve made so far.”
With minimal reluctance everyone ran around the house towards the back. Finally, once everyone was in view they saw Tony riding on the back of a black, dark skinned, centaur. The two appeared to be doing tricks, as Tony would stand or do other acrobatics while on the centaurs back. Though it may have been a game, as the two kept shouting numbers at each other and sometimes “point” or “denied”, followed by laughter and some good natured teasing.
“This is very fragile, please handle with the utmost care.” Steve instructed. “Deliver it to Howard Stark. His hands only.”
“I’m sorry for undermining you so publicly.” Thor murmured into the quiet. The apology earned him a small smile from the raven haired god.
“Here darling.” She lifted a pot and dropped it in Loki’s hands. “Destroy these. It’ll be cathartic.”
Eventually the Avengers left to head back home, with Tony saying he’d drop by the next day after Rhodey went back to his job. As they walked back, Bruce gave Steve a companionable pat on the back.
There were too many of them for Thor and Sam to fly over in one shift. And they wanted to conserve their strength. They had no idea how Loki would react to them all being in the underworld, and demanding Tony back. So they needed to be prepared for a fight.
1. Way back when (in the 7+ yrs of thinking this plot through) I had planned to write a Howard reunion as well but after thinking about it, I decided nope! I couldn’t figure out the right reactions and also F Howard, he doesn’t deserve a reunion.
“No you will not!” Thor shouted back and held out his hand. Mjolnir then burst through the Palace walls and landed in the gods palm.  “I am warning you Loki. Stand down!”
“Tony.” He began, “You were never temporary to me. Loki...was misinformed.” He said politely. “I wasn’t trying to be a True Hero to bring Peggy back. I was trying to be a True Hero because it’s what I wanted to do.” Steve shook his head. “I may not be making sense. But Tony…” He looked back at the shade. “I love you. I want you to get your life back and actually live it. I’d love to be part of it, but if you don’t want that-”
Steve tapped his chin and put on his own devious smile. “From my count, since we’ve been in New Thebes, it’s only been one.”
And Tony would no longer get his freedom. He’d go back to Hel. Freedom had been so close and now...it was back to being so far away.
1. The mental image of the Avengers really talking Steve up trying to impress Tony, and Tony just thinking “UGH” the whole time is hilarious to me. They think they’re being such good friends, helping Tony see how great Steve is but in actuality are just hurting his image is SO GREAT!
As they all got out of the way (or in Clint’s case, pulled out of danger), Fenrir changed his size again so he was the size of a man. He then rounded on Sam and tried to take a bite of his face. Sam kept backing away and Natasha tried to attack the wolf.
“I am getting us a drink” Thor announced then went up behind Loki and moved his hair off his one shoulder and laid several kisses along the pale neck. “And when I come back…”
“He was right. We were the ones in danger and he was absolutely fine.” Sam laughed and shook his head again “Next time we run into him, I don’t know about all of you.” He gave the group a sweeping look, “But I’m going to listen to him.”
Howard shook himself to break out of his memory and took a step back from the table. “Only this. Remember Loki is also the god of Mischief. He will try to trick you, test you.” Steve and Bucky could see the older man once again getting lost to a memory as he spoke. They shared a concerned look as Howard powered on. “But you must stay true in your resolve. You must never look back! If you do… it could cost you everything.”
Tony’s breathing had become shallow and ragged. He clutched his chest but it didn’t seem to help. He tried to swallow, to breath, but couldn’t. His eyes became unfocused and he caved in on himself, falling to the ground.
When Tony had said the first thing he had wanted to do was to see his mother. Steve swore he would make sure to reunite them. However Tony wasn’t ready to see Howard. Neither was Steve to be honest; but he didn’t say that to Tony. And so, after much back and forth communication with the Barnes family they had finally tracked Maria down, alone. She was spending some time at the Great Temple of Frigga. And so Steve had formulated a plan so that Tony and his mother would finally reunite.
“I’ll go to these humans, entice Steve Rogers.” She accentuated her chest and Tony rolled his eyes. “And he’ll release all his secrets to me.” Amora bit her lip as she examined the Avengers below.
Loki was not able to repress the eye roll this time. “I’m not interested in killing anyone but all of you!” He practically shouted. “If you stay here, then yes your city will suffer. If you leave then the monsters will go after you!”
“What did you do?!” Loki yelled as he scanned the now decimated room. Loki’s angry eyes began to turn red as he glanced all around the room, taking in the utter destruction the 13 year old wrought.
“Good job...Captain.” He said, creating the nickname for the blonde who had so easily grabbed ownership of every situation the brunette had witnessed.
The Avengers laid there, stunned. Tony still hadn’t looked up from the ground but winced as he heard himself in Loki’s image.
Thor lunged and wrestled Loki onto the floor and held him there. They continued wiggling and clawing at each other. But Loki didn’t release his winter touch and so Thor was not frostbitten. But the icey floor made it difficult to keep Loki in a hold. Eventually though they were stuck in a grapple.
“Not over a decade Thor!” Loki shot back, folding his arms over his chest. “Only 8 and a half, 9 years at most.”
Steve gaped again and it took a few tries before actual words came out of his mouth. “All of us?! You! You think?!” Steve looked like his world was rocked and Tony was getting frustrated at the overacting.
“I said no!” Amora shouted, splaying her arms out and putting all her concentration into keeping Steve still.
Everyone was quiet for a moment as that thought sunk in. They had known Monster Bog was where most monsters lived but they never thought of it from the monsters point of view. They were living their lives here, not bothering anyone, just living. Then people (like the 5 of them) would come in and invade their home.
“You’re a True Hero! You can use your boon to get him back!” Clint and the rest of the Avengers seemed hopeful at this idea, all except Steve and Thor.
Phil Coulson helped organize their public relations and royalty deals. He and Betty were also the point of contact for vetting any Hero requests the Avengers received. If the request was urgent the team would be sent out right away. If it seemed less than urgent it would be placed on the request list in the appropriate order. The Avengers also looked through the Hero requests but Phil and Betty handled them more than the others.
“Wait. How is this going to work? I’m still dead.” He looked past Steve over to Loki. “You said I’m leaving...?” He let the question hang in the air.
Tony’s whole body shivered at the sudden drop. Rhodey and Jarvis glared at Loki, who took a deep breath to calm his anger and warm the room.
Tony felt like his world was spinning. One hand reached up and clasped a hand over his chest. “Steve said…”
“What about ‘The Shields’?” Isn’t that what the local scrolls have been calling us?” Bucky said and Steve smiled in approval as he rolled his shoulders to feel his own shield on his back.
The next couple days passed similar to the first few, Bucky and Steve trained and Erskine watched. Though every now and then he would throw in some tips and correct their forms. About two months later, Steve’s muscles were beginning to be sculpted but he was in no way buff or even close to Bucky’s physique. Erskine was starting to train them, slowly. They did breathing exercises and mental training. They also all ate together and talked with each other more. Steve and Bucky would share stories from their lives and Erskine would share some from his.
There was no anger in those green eyes, no amusement, nothing. His eyes and face were devoid of emotion. Amora, however, appeared as excited and bubbly as ever, a little bubblier if Thor was honest.
After some hours of traveling Howard checked the map and knew the Underworld opening was coming up. He then turned to Tony who was fidgeting in his chitin and knelt down to his level.
“Great.” Bucky groaned. “Another awkward and awful visit to the Palace of Hel.” Bucky gave a mock glare to Steve. “You make it hard to be your friend.”
https://lozfanchick.tumblr.com/post/190725177612/i-commissioned-this-pic-back-in-may-2016-from#notes
Steve ran towards Thor’s back in Central Park and called out to him to get his attention. However, when Thor turned it revealed Tony, who had been hidden by Thor’s bulky frame. Steve and Tony were caught, words lost, eyes locked, and minds empty of what to do next. Thor, seeming to forget the Civil War broke the eye contact by grabbing Steve and asking if he had any news. Another interruption came from a text on their phones.
“Yes!” Tony cheered doing a fist pump into the air. He then began to strip out of the furs he was wrapped in.
Tony broke the kiss with a loud gasp and moan as his back arched beautifully. Steve immediately began mumbling apologizes as his cock twitched inside the brunette. Tony shook his head in the negative and then gyrated his hips as he adjusted to Steve’s girth.
“Soooo things are still tense in here.” Tony called as he walked into the Throne Room, covered in thick furs so as to keep the cold out. “Good, that’s good.” He muttered sarcastically.
The centaur looked over his shoulder and then trotted a bit to the side so as to get a better view of the entrance to Loki’s throne room.
Tony, the young child that he was, had a hard time accepting his new normal. Accepting that his Father sold him for his own purpose. Accepting that he’d probably never see his Mother again. Accepting that he had lost all right to do what he wanted. His freedom was only to the extent that Loki allowed it.
“Steve I have no use for it anymore. You’ll need this more than I will.” Howard said as Steve looked at the magic map in reverence.
A beat of silence and Steve shook his head. “No. No I’d lose him. I….I’m just having cold feet.” A big inhale and another shake of his blonde hair. “I’ll be fine.”
This wasn’t like the first break up, this was worse. Steve’s side and Tony’s side didn’t interact, save Thor. And it stayed that way.
Over time he started spending less of his free time with shades and more with the creatures of Hel. He got to know them, listened to their stories. Even offered solutions to some of their problems. The monster village he feared as a child was now where he found comfort. Some saw killer monsters, but Tony saw friends.
All eyes turned to the green ball and Tony groaned in dismay knowing it was Loki summoning him. Pepper and Jarvis gave him sympathetic looks and Rhodey gave his shoulder a firm squeeze.
“I’m not surprised he didn’t tell you.” Loki answered, taking measured steps forward. “You wouldn’t tell someone they’re temporary to their face.” Tony raised an eyebrow but still looked guarded. Loki let his face drop into one devoid of emotion.
Steve had been dreading and anticipated this moment. He was changing himself, which felt wrong. But he was changing himself for the better. He would be able to help people in his new form, he would get Peggy back thanks to his new form. He was ready to change. He gave the final nod and Erskine tipped the liquid out of the vial.
“I want you to listen to me.” She stated as firmly as possible in her weak voice. “I’m wearing our engagement ring till the end. But when I’m gone,” Steve shook his head to try and hide his tears. “When I’m gone,” She repeated, catching his eyes again. “I want you to take it. Take it to your house by the water,” at Steve’s negative head shake, she smiled then added “Or wherever you end up.” She gave Steve a watery smile, “But I want you to take it. I want that to be the only thing you carry for me... I want you to live Steve. Don’t carry my death with you, just my ring.”
“Yes!” Erskine smiled then slapped Steve on the shoulder. “Now let us go back and drink till we cannot stand.” He turned them around and they began their trek back to the others. “You will need it.” Steve raised his eyebrow and gave the older man a questioning look. “I will not lie, the transformation will hurt.” He warned and Steve squared his shoulders.
Tony took an audible gulp and that seemed to be all the confirmation Loki needed. Loki’s eyes widened in horror as his mouth fell open and his arm dropped. “Tony!”
“What?!” Steve squawked but it was drowned out in the crowd’s cheers and approval. Natasha grinned at his flabbergasted face and Clint broke into full on laughter.
“Thor’s a god! God’s don’t interfere in mortal affairs but he’s with you guys. All. The. Time!” Tony stressed. “It’s pretty easy to put two and two together.”
Tony’s hands roamed the blonde’s back through the fabric as Steve’s one hand snaked around Tony’s lower back and pushed them even closer together. Tony then broke the kiss and tilted Steve’s head to one side and started attacking the blonde’s neck. Steve moaned and panted, and just barely stopped himself from thrusting his lower section against the lithe man in his arms.
“It was more than a few seconds.” Loki scolded playfully but Tony and Amora didn’t look anymore convinced. “Odin and Thor will never suspect you because they don’t even know about you.” He explained and Tony began shaking his head in the negative.
“I’ll go through our contacts and see if they’ve spotted him. I’ll also check on the status of your rival heros in case they thought to kidnap him.” Phil said.
Thor glanced at everyone then gave Tony an easy smile. “They are my friends. I simply enjoy spending time with them. It has been quite some time since I’ve met such enjoyable mortals. So I wish to spend as much time as I can with them, as your time is fleeting.” He explained casually, as if this news wasn’t earth shattering.
Whether Loki and Thor were doing as well as Steve and Tony, the Avengers couldn’t say. However, Tony and Rhodey shrugged it off saying “they’re just like that.” Some days they were like young lovers. Other times the Avengers would walk in on them in a massive fight, with ice and lightning wreaking havoc in their home. The Avengers usually would secure the area then spend those nights at Tony’s place.
“Ah-No...It...haha… it was a team effort.” Steve stumbled out and Tony’s smile just got wider the more he fumbled.
“Do you think there’s a bell we have to ring or something?” Bucky asked as he looked around the room.
“Yes I know you have responsibilities that keep you busy. Yet now here you are, whining at me for doing my own responsibilities.”  Loki tsked, swatting at a hand that tried to make its way between his legs.
“Exact opposite.” Tony tugged on the cape to cover his chest a bit more. “He was too over eager to get with me.”
3. Do you get my title? 3 (Tony, Loki, Jarvis) and a half (Rhodey cause he’s a centaur) men HA! I’m so funny!
“...” Tony glanced at Amora who did not look nearly as confused as Tony was about why that name would cause Loki to get so upset. “Steve Rogers…?” He phrased it like a question trying to put together what he was missing.
“They were so close to having him back, but failed.” Steve shook his own head. “I couldn’t-” Steve stopped abruptly, realization that the same scenario could happen to him in a few hours hitting him hard.
Tony walked with him and smirked. “Wish you told me in advance, I’d have picked a better outfit.” He said in a teasing tone.
At dinner Tony had started talking about some ideas he had thought of that may help their side in the war, but Howard had dismissed them. He didn’t want to think of the war, he didn’t want to think of his death and what he had to do.
“I like you.” Clint spoke up throwing his hand in the air. Natasha gave him a hard look and Sam shook his head at his choice of friends.
Steve reached out and attempted to grab her hand but he couldn’t even feel it. If he pushed, his hand would go right through her. He gave Peggy a look of sadness that the woman scoffed at.
“I just want to help people. I hope we run into bandits so we can deal with them rather than the next person.” Bucky and Sam nodded in agreement.
“No, this didn’t happen last time.” He then looked off into the depths of Hel. “Plus Tony’s lived here this entire time.”
,” Steve said the title with some disgust. “I just want to be a True Hero, someone who can protect the innocent.”
The Avengers had begun mocking them for being the new disgusting couple. Steve and Tony didn’t help matters by draping themselves over each other and doing “obnoxious things” like feeding each other fruit or making out all the time. Sam still hasn’t forgiven them for walking in on them going at it on the bench press in the practice field. And he wasn’t the last Avenger to walk in on them once or twice. Thor had been the one to walk in on them the most. But the god always laughed it off and compared their coupling to his and Loki’s, what with how often and adventurous they were. He then said as god of Fertility he congratulated and celebrated their couplings.
“But I’m not doing anything!” Steve exclaimed jumping up to stand. “I’m stuck! I feel powerless...useless….” Steve trailed off sadly, his shoulders slumping in defeat. “I couldn’t do anything to save her. Lord Loki rejected even making a deal with me.” Steve sniffed to try and stave off his tears. “And now,” he sighed wryly. “I’m not worthy enough to even
During his walk a caravan of soldiers were let into the city and the injured were all being transported to the medical houses. Howard watched all the soldiers pass. All the people putting their life on the line for their country, for their very way of life to survive, and came to a decision.
“Um….I think he does research.” Bruce answered scrunching up his face as he thought about it. “I’ve seen him go up and talk with Monsters and then he just walks off. I mean even with me he just came up to me one day and asked what I was doing there and when I told him about the hulk he asked me all these follow up questions.” He shrugged, “I think he’s gathering and compiling a bunch of information about the monsters of our world. He always had a lot of fun facts about my...uh...neighbors.”
“Nat and I will look over the house again.” Clint put in. “Maybe we can spot something you missed, or find a clue of some sort.”
“It’s my fault!” Clint cried back, dropping down by his friend. “I shouldn’t have distracted her from the duel.”
After Steve had left, Tony walked back into the skylight room to clean up. On his way there he stopped in his little garden area, the one with the statue of Loki. Or at least, it use to have just a statue of Loki. Now there was a statue of Loki and the actual Loki in his garden.
Thor was just flying back to New Thebes City after finally scaring Jörmungandr away, when he noticed Amora was standing in a circle surrounded by his friends.
“You’re better at manipulation then you give yourself credit for.” Loki complimented and Tony shrunk inwards.
“Because he told me so! Him and everyone!” Loki rolled his eyes, head, and upper body in disbelief as he let out a mean chuckle.
Clint had been holding onto the base of the spikes at the top of the Hydra's head, but then he jumped as the monster tossed it’s head back. Which aligned him perfectly to shoot some arrows into the monsters mouth and in close enough range to make sure the arrows shot completely through. The arrows went clean through the side head and it too fell to the ground dead.
“Oh no…” Bucky breathed looking at Steve who appeared shell-shocked. Both of them knew exactly where this was heading.
Tony stood stock still but was soon accompanied by an older looking shade. The man scanned the room then gave a shrewd look to Tony.
“Do not remind me!”  Loki growled, also reliving the memory of Thor and his past female mortal love.
“Wait wait!” Tony called waving his arms to get Loki to focus back on him. “No! I said I have news.” The god now looked perplexed but Tony just smiled at him. “Ready? They’re not sleeping with Thor!” At Loki’s blank face Tony decided to give the god all the details.
Tony then poured some olive oil over his hands and spread his legs as he reached around himself. When Steve made an inquisitive noise the brunette smirked then told him to watch and learn. He then got up and sat back down with his back to Steve’s chest and made the blonde watch as he prepared himself. First with one finger, then two. By three, Steve had a tight grip of the brunette’s waist. Using it as leverage to stop himself from thrusting up and rubbing his now achingly hard erection against Tony’s open entrance. On Tony’s signal Steve coated his dick with some olive oil, which did not help his aching erection. Once Tony gave the all clear he was surprised when Steve motioned and helped turn him around so they were chest to chest.
They shared a meal together to further help break Sam into the group. During which Erskine said he would also share his knowledge with Sam. That had sent Bucky into a coughing fit as he accidentally inhaled an olive.
“Yes. But enough of that.” Loki smirked and grabbed the front of Thor’s armor. He yanked the blonde close to him and tilted his head to the side. “I’ve found what I was looking for, and it’s time to celebrate.”
Tony sat on the floor numb, his throat raw from all his yelling and crying. His sobs abruptly stopped at Loki’s announcement. Loki looked at the mortal from his throne and leaned on the armrest.
on hold! I’ve been with you every step of the way!  I’ve known you your whole life! I know when you’re fancying someone…..but what about Peggy?!”
“This is merely precautionary.” Thor assured again as he walked away from his friends. “I’m sure Tony is fine, I just wish to rule this out.”
“In deference to my guest I will give you one last chance to change this Howard Stark. You will walk out of Hel, and after you walk past my throne room’s entryway, if you at anytime wish to change this, all you have to do is look back. If you do, Anthony will be transported home with no memory of this and you will take your place in Hel as one of the dead.” Loki then pushed a hand towards Rhodes and chains came up from the ground locking the centaur in place and green mist prevented him from speaking.
“Tony, I’m sorry I embarrassed you, but you wouldn’t believe me.” The blonde tried but still received no answer. The blonde then glanced at the large villa and let out a defeated sigh.
“Yeah normally it’s easier to take the back way and just go through the woods back to the city gates. But I’m thinking of installing some kind of pulley system in order to get up and down easier.” Tony explained, then glanced back at Steve. “But look at you, you don’t even look a bit winded.”
“I never know what to say to him in private. I feel awkward.” Steve defended weakly. “And I didn’t know they were dates! He never said the word “date”.”
“Thanks for the lift Cap. Next time we can try the Jerk Off.” Tony said in a teasing tone as he waltzed over to the door, Steve shook his head as he walked the man to the door.
Sorry for not posting last week, I needed The Gospel Truth to catch up. Now that fic will post every Wednesday and Friday and this fic will post every Friday so both will end at the same time!
“He responded that the Minotaur has been threatening his people of Crete. For now he’s managed to trap it in a labyrinth of sorts but the monster craves flesh.”
The box looked pretty ordinary, no special carvings or marking, just a lock keeping the contents secure. However, Howard seemed to hover over it anxiously. Once unlocked, Howard carefully pulled out a well preserved scroll. Bucky glanced in the box to see if anything else was inside but found it empty
He had gone over ways to handle all the other Avengers. Ideally he would sway all their attention elsewhere or on others and then focus his attention on Steve. But Thor had ruined those plans with his mere presence. Tony didn’t know how to act around him! And honestly, he felt as if he already knew Thor; from what Loki would tell him and from what he’d sometimes accidentally overhear. He had to make sure he didn’t leak any of that information out.
“My job?!” The brunette abruptly stopped and quickly whipped his head towards Steve. “How do you know about-”
“Lord Thor is there any other way for me to become a True Hero?” Steve pleaded. “I understand Erskine’s caution, but I need to bring Peggy back and this” he gestured to the island. “Doesn’t appear to be getting me any closer.”
The table didn’t just flip over, but flew into the other wall due to the force Loki had put into it. The god then grabbed shelves and books off the bookcases, and chucked them all across the library as ice jutted up and down all throughout the room. He then grabbed the actual bookcases and pulled them onto the ground, splintering them. He threw the pottery around, smashing them against the walls and floors. He then went for the chairs in the room and began ripping them apart with his bare hands.
“Well anyway, I think I should get closer to all you guys.” Tony extended his arms to the three. “You obviously are all really close so,” He shrugged. “I think us all hanging out and getting to know each other is the best next step.” This was met with a long silent pause. “Or...not?” Tony added in an unsure tone as he seemed to sink into himself.
“One town, a million troubles.” Clint responded with a smile, then turned to the group and flung out his arms. “The one and only New Thebes!”
Loki just rolled his eyes again then smiled when he felt his magic find Jörmungandr. Turning around Jörmungandr popped into the center of the Throne Room. Loki reached out his arms and Jörmungandr slithered over to him and wrapped his body around Loki’s arm and then neck. Loki stroked the snake and smiled.
“I’m sorry!” Steve rushed, “I’m sorry for tricking you but you weren’t answering and I could hear you breathing.”
Pepper shook her head as she followed the Avengers up towards the palace. Clint was right, this was a bad idea. Happy had sent his note to Tony, however Loki of course got it first. To say he was angry at hearing the very much alive Avengers were in his realm was an understatement. He had stormed into Tony’s room and demanded Pepper follow him back to the throne room. He then put a magical seal on Tony’s door keeping Tony and Jarvis trapped inside. In the Throne Room, the god had told Pepper of the Avenger’s and Happy’s request for aide. Loki then ordered her to guide the Avengers to Peggy’s soul. He wanted them gone and was adamant that she only return when they had departed.
“I’m telling you I may get a month off with the way Loki was acting.” Tony exclaimed from his place on Rhodey’s back.
“You sell yourself short. Never turn down extra coin.” He laughed “Especially before it’s even offered. We need to work on your bartering skills.” He then gave Steve a small push towards the door.
Steve immediately looked back at the man with hope and went to open his mouth but Erskine held up a hand.
Tony kissed him. Then the brunette grabbed Steve’s erection and slowly lowered himself onto it. Tony stopped after taking a few inches and Steve couldn’t stop himself from thrusting up and fully sheathing himself in the man.
3. And yes Tony’s arc reactor in this AU is his scar from Amora killing him. It doesn’t glow but he's scared on both his front and back.
“Erskine has lived through many things. He has gained valuable knowledge, but he is still mortal and knows how to teach you. Steve, he is who will train you to become a True Hero.” Thor declared.
“No, no, no, no!” Tony shook his head and waved his arms in the negative. “This is a terrible idea!”
“Did he ever tell you why he was trying to become a True Hero? Did any of them?” Tony bit his lip. “Answer me!” Loki demanded.
Eventually it became a common occurrence for Tony to just show up at their place without an invitation. He’d drop in and watch Sam and Clint’s archery training. Or he’d come and ask one of them for some self defense training. He also always seemed to enjoy watching Thor and Bruce (in his Hulk form) go at it. He’d even make a betting pool with the other Avengers during each match.
Amora looked immensely pleased and smug while Tony openly gaped with the most horrified expression on his face. Loki meanwhile leaned back on his throne, the air of regality flowing over him again.
“Can’t you hear them?!” The blonde seemed to yell into the sky. “The people are panicking. Jörmungandr is probably attacking civilians and all we’re doing is running away.”
“Why make me send messages for when my visits shall be if you won’t even greet me?!” Thor complained as he made his way over to Loki’s personal chambers.
“Then be calm, he’s probably just having a dalliance with them and they are mortal. They will die eventually.” Amora explained with a mocking tone.
“Bucky what’s wrong?” Steve ran to meet the shaken brunette. Just from a glance, everyone could tell something was wrong.
Loki shrugged with fake casualness. “Fenrir has been whining excessively and even Jörmungandr seems upset. Which is baffling because I know he’s not overly fond of you. Yet he appears less energized than normal.” Loki explained, again trying to sound convincing but Tony could see through it. A small smile graced Tony’s face as Loki waved his hand dismissively. “But I guess your scent or something is gone and so they are if not upset then not fond of the absence. So,” Loki finally stood up and walked to stand in front of Tony. “I am here to-”
Steve didn’t want to get married. They were young, there was so much they could do, so much they could still explore and yet marriage seemed like a rock to have tied to your back. A chain. Steve loved Tony, but he wasn’t ready for a commitment of that magnitude.
Happy gave a wave from his seat. “I’m known as Happy. I drive the Ferry here. We have a few other drivers but I maneuver this baby the best.” Happy lovingly patted the wheel.
They all lapsed into silence again as they continued their walk. As they walked, each Avengers would try to sneak glances at Steve to see how the blonde was doing and give small signs to the others to report. Steve meanwhile kept his eyes fixed firmly ahead.
Loki glared at Steve, like he had said something truly offensive. Steve just glared at him until the god walked over to Tony.
“Unique or not, Tony you know this guy has hurt Loki! He caused this whole mess!” Rhodey reminded urgently.
When Tony eventually arrived he visibly staggered in the entryway. Having all the Avengers and the god of thunder’s direct attention focused on you was more than a bit startling.
During a dice game, where Tony and Natasha were tied for the win. Clint asked the question that had been bugging him since the other day..
He could tell his mother wanted more answers; but she could see the hesitation and fear in Tony’s eyes, and so didn’t push on the full story. She would never let Tony go again so they had a lifetime together where he could explain everything.
Tony looked stricken and hurt. He had actually stopped moving as a result of Steve’s words. Steve however hadn’t stopped. He just continued marching towards the temple.
As Sam and Bucky bickered Steve let out an amused breath and shook his head. Then he heard something and stopped dead in his tracks.
“Ah, it’s...it won’t even get to that Steve. Jörmungandr may not love me like Fenrir, but I know he at least likes me….well,” Tony tilted his head “To be fair I know he at least tolerates me. But! That’s more than most can say.”
“I see I was right when I said he probably teleported you out of here for a reason.” The shade teased and Tony threw the man a glare.
“Lord Loki knows you’re coming.” Pepper stated bluntly, as all shades tend to do. “In fact I was sent to guide you to the field of Content Souls so you-” She gestured to Steve but Thor cut her off.
However, on occasion, the hero's directed the tours; especially when they wanted to annoy another fellow hero. Bucky had started it by promising everyone “A flight in the sky with The Falcon!” at the end of the tour, which he had promised without Sam’s permission or knowledge. So at the end of the tour, Sam was ambushed by fans all ready to be shown the skies. Sam had later retaliated and it had snowballed from there.
“I apologize for Loki’s anger.” Loki let out a huff and the temperature began to rise. “You interrupted a….rather private moment, and I believe he is still upset about that.”
The Avengers laughed or at least looked amused as Thor dragged a still startled looking Tony over to the table.
Then Tony made to pull away and just as there was a few centimeters between their lips, Steve surged forward. This time, Tony was the one caught off guard. As Steve grabbed the back of the brunettes head and his shoulder, then pulled him close.
Loki barked an ugly laugh, “Wow you truly do believe that to be the honest truth don’t you?” Loki asked Howard harshly, “You honestly believe all hope would be lost without you.”
He had heard the man talking with Thor and Loki and was eager to see him. However, upon entering the Throne Room he found Tony was gone.
Meanwhile the crowd which had been completely quiet broke into uproarious cheers and rushed the heroes and the god. They hoisted them up and shouted praises at them.
I'm sorry this has taken so long! Work gets insanely busy during year end so these next few updates may take awhile.
Erskine, Steve, and Bucky all spent the next few days getting to know each other and setting up their new living arrangements. Bucky and Steve made their own home next to Erskine’s.
“...Are you seriously not putting these dots together?” Tony asked as if she was an idiot. Amora glared at him and put her hands on her hips. Tony let out an exaggerated puff of air. “Oh Amora…”
The Hydra was a giant serpent that had two clawed feet. It was bright red in color and had spikes running from the top of its head to the base of its body. Once emerging from the shadows the monster roared and the surrounding crowd broke into a panic.
“I can.” Thor assured as he guided them back. “Though I assume we must have missed the ferry again, seeing as we keep wandering off.”
“Oh I’d love to see Bucky apologize to me.” Tony chuckled at the mental image and Steve joined in on his laughter.
“But I did not send you here” Loki charged on “To look into this matter. I sent you here to close it. Have you found their weaknesses?”
“I’ve never seen him around here before.” Natasha said her eyes darting to and fro as she tried to recall ever noticing the red chiton wearing man.
“No I’ll do it. Just wait here.” He commanded then slowly trudged back up the walkway. Distantly he heard Natasha yell something to Clint and Sam but couldn’t make it out.
The next day everyone, sans Thor, woke up with a hangover. Needless to say they were not ready for the transformation till well into the day. During lunch Erskine explained his plan to Bucky and Thor. Bucky was concerned with Steve’s wellbeing and wasn’t completely on board with the idea. Steve ended up talking with him privately and when they came back he said he had made peace with Steve’s decision.
“I don’t!” Tony protested not looking at his friend. “I just, I just...ADMIRE him! Ok?!” Tony wrenched himself out of Rhodey’s grip. “He’s different! He’s not what he’s supposed to be. He’s, he’s just…..
“Really? You’re going to deny it?! Even now?!” Tony gestured all around as if to encompass the chaos of their situation.
Jörmungandr had actually jumped and dove into the water. To be fair, even the Avengers were having a hard time hearing and seeing after Thor’s show of power.
“Not as busy as you Cap.” Tony stopped in front of the blonde “You guys have been running all around Greece, even working on your days off.” He tilted his head towards the door indicating the group of people who had just left. Steve looked bashful and rubbed the back of his head as Tony smirked at him again. “The Asgardian sized popularity makes perfect sense though. Especially if you guys always offer spa sessions with your fans.”
“I don’t,” The brunette stopped and took a breath to try and compose himself. Steve then put a hand to Tony’s cheek and the brunette’s breath stuttered as their eyes locked again. Steve gave Tony an imploring and questioning look which made Tony’s heart clenched.
a burden.” Rhodey began, Tony groaned and made to turn away but the centaur grabbed his shoulders to keep the human in front of him. “You are not holding me prisoner. I am here because I want to be.” Tony made a sound of disbelief but Rhodey ignored it, “I take my vacation days. I can come and go as I please. You are my charge and my
The next big announcement came from Jan who announced her and her long time boyfriend Hank were moving to England. She said it wouldn’t be long, a year at most. She had a fashion show lined up and Hank would do some research that involved European insects. She even gave them all preshow tickets that she had made up herself since the actual show wasn’t scheduled yet. However she promised them all a seat and since her and Tony both owned their own jets and homes in Europe everything but the date was arranged. So even though the group lost one, things still carried one. Then another surprising development was announced, Pepper and Happy began dating. Tony -who had been helping Happy try to woo Pepper unsuccessfully; until Steve came in and gave some actual helpful advice- had been ecstatic when they had told everyone.
“Thor is on a wild goose chase and my patience is gone.” He tightened his grip on Tony’s face, said man winced and let out a sound of pain.
“I did listen.” Steve replied and Tony searched his face then gave a tiny smile and turned to leave.
Natasha had fallen after Fenrir dodged her sword attack. Normally she’d be able to quickly brush a fall off and go back at it, but now getting her bearings and herself back into a fighting stance was taking forever.
Tony meanwhile had released the horses Steve and Natasha had left him with. He then watched as the 5 tried to usher Amora’s duplicates towards the crowd of people in order to get medical assistance. The lithe brunette tugged on the cape around his neck and grimaced.
“It’s not him that’s the problem, Steve. It’s you!” He rushed out frustrated. Steve quirked an eyebrow and Bucky let out a groan as he dragged his hands down his face. “I said it before...my problem isn’t with Tony. I mean I don’t love the guy but… My problem isn’t with him…. it’s you.” He admitted the last two words in almost a whisper.
“You son of a bitch!” Rhodey whispered but in the silence it was like a war cry. One Bucky responded to.
“You were never interested before.” Thor remarked. “You’ve been god of the Dead for centuries and never thought to read these. Yet in these recent years you have requested I bring you all the scrolls and writings I can find about Hel.”
Eventually Rhodey decided to pick out his own bedroom and to start unpacking some of Tony’s stuff. An hour or so after Rhodey left him and Tony alone, Tony woke up.
Nick Fury, who was in charge of the City Guard for New Thebe’s City, had given the heroes a list of issues the city was currently facing that could use their heroic touch. The current top item on the list was taking out the Green Beast.
If they weren’t training or fighting, they were making their public appearances. They supported chiton, toys, and sandal deals, posed for pottery, appeared at grand openings, and regularly toured for signature sessions with their many fans. They had to hire a Manager to oversee all these public affairs and thus Phil Coulson came into the Avengers lives.
2. Bucky is me with that rant. Lol I kept running into the ‘how to get them to believe the truth’ issues and was done writing long arguments so Bucky got to go off. Plus this puts a nice little ending to the Bucky/Sam subplot. They’re together, it’s not casual :3
“Yes, this is the plan we’ll go with. We can start tomorrow.” Amora decided and folded her arms across her chest as Tony rocked on his heels.
Bucky shook his head in the affirmative then grimaced and grabbed his temples. He then dropped his weapons to the floor and lowered himself onto one of the couches. Meanwhile the others continued to peruse the room.
5. Yes Fandral is the Aphrodite of this story. Also hope you enjoyed my remix of the Minotaur myth. I picture Minos to be Senator Stern from MCU. Also I did not make up the Minotaur’s name, Asterion is his actual name (google it).
“So he really is trying to become a True Hero?” A plan was already formulating in the gods head. “Fine. Let’s help him along.” He let out slowly, ice cradled in each word.
Across Styx were two men. They were too far away to make out any detail other than one was small and skinny, while the other was tall and beefier. Also, they were very much alive.
Ana Jarvis and Tony had met up sparingly throughout his life. She was an amazing woman but she had family and friends she wanted to spend time with in Hel, and Tony didn’t begrudge her of that. She was always there when he needed her though. During his first year in Hel, she would often stay by his bedside and say soothing words in a motherly tone, sometimes singing him to sleep as his mother had. It was something Tony had desperately needed.
Steve, Sam, and Bucky then shared their stories and how they were on a quest to get Steve to become an official True Hero.
Steve’s voice broke through Tony’s panic and he whipped his head over to the blonde that was now on his other side.
“Seeing you all now. Dressed in your heroic garb. Poised for battle! I must say...” The voice that seemed to be coming from everywhere suddenly zeroed in, appearing to be coming from a shadowy corridor leading into the Avengers mansion. “I’m not very impressed.”
The funeral procession was a blur. Steve felt like he lived in a fog and no matter what he did he couldn’t clear it. The only solid memory he had was being led into her bedroom where her now still body laid. He had cried over her. He knows he spoke but he couldn’t quite remember what he said. He does remember her ring. For awhile he just held her hand, not being strong enough to remove it. Finally, as he was leaving he had removed it and it felt like he had gotten sucker-punched.
Clint picked up Natasha and they all walked over to the two’s makeshift camp. He then placed Natasha on her bedroll and sat with the three heros. Steve then began to clean a few scrapes he had received during the duel. Sam, Bucky, and Clint meanwhile began to talk shop about weapons and fighting techniques. A bit of time later Natasha woke up and joined the boys as they all began a friendly comradery.
“He broke our promise!” Loki yelled, bracing his hands on the armrests. “I will not welcome him back! I will make him suffer! And I will make them suffer!
“I’m not going to let you sleep alone Buck.” Steve said calmly while Bucky hastily pulled the blankets off his bed.
“Punk what are you doing?” Bucky asked as they approached the ball of string Sam had previously dropped.
“Oh Tony you’re so simple.” Amora chuckled then rolled her shoulders and sauntered over towards the balcony. “Humans will tell you anything if you play the right chord.” Amora and Loki shared a smirk.
“Do you think I’m sleeping with Thor?” Steve asked giving Tony’s arms a slight jostle to try and keep the brunette out of his own head.
Tony raised an eyebrow as the wild haired brunette ran into battle. He then turned to the other man standing next to him.
“Don’t tell me how to handle my property!” Loki immediately shot back, the temperature dropping even more.
“Let’s take a break. Rest for a bit then regroup.” Natasha suggested, coming up on Bucky’s other side.
“Stay behind me.” Thor intoned as he took up the front. “I will keep you all protected should Loki try to do you harm.”
3. Also do you see the parallels? I couldn’t think of a way to make Tony really good with weapon building and stuff in an Ancient Greece setting. So that transitioned into he’s really good with Monsters and dangerous creatures (I tried hinting at this in chap 4).
“I need you to do some recruiting.” Loki said in form of greeting. They were in the study and Loki was looking through a few papers. Though he gave Tony a glance as he gave his orders. “I have a candidate in mind I just need you to get him to sign on.”
“You know Loki.” He said, his smug expression never wavering. “He gets so jealous, of everything! Look at the Avengers here.”
Natasha also took a breather, leaning her body against Clint’s back. After Sam nodded he was ok, he encouraged Bucky to lean on him. Thor offered his arm to Steve but the blonde waved him off, he didn’t feel all that tired.
Thor then put the statue down and gave it a hard stare. “I suppose you are just a statue.”  The blonde shook his head “I am acting foolish.” He admitted out loud then made his way back toward the entrance where he left his mortal friends.
Bucky figured knocking was a waste of time, the place was huge. Waiting for Tony to come from whatever room he was in to open the door, would take more time than him walking in, grabbing his weapons, and leaving.
“I always knew you weren’t that powerful, but WOW!” Amora’s bored look turned to anger as she turned to give him a better glare. “You, hehe, you can’t even get a frail mortal to do what you say?” Tony used his head to gesture at Steve. “That’s pathetic!”
“Another perfect plan.” She mused to herself, then created a dagger and held it out. “Grab the dagger.” She commanded and Steve complied.
Tony nodded his head and took a deep gulp. He would not let his father down. He would help them get Lord Loki’s support.
Clint and the woman blinked at the hand and then let out a small private chuckle. Meanwhile, Steve, Sam and Bucky all looked bewildered and Steve began to drop his hand.
Steve’s hand, which had been on his shoulder, wrapped around Tony’s back as Tony opened his mouth and their tongues clashed. Tony’s hand that was trapped between their bodies moved to wrap around Steve’s neck, so they could be even closer.
“I am close to you! Not them!” The blue god then yanked on Thor’s armor so he had to lower himself and Loki seethed into his face. “And if they try to get close to you, I will tear their souls asunder!”
Steve’s rope he was swinging on in order to cross the chasm had broke and he began falling. Sam had immediately jumped into action and dove after the falling blonde. As he dove large red wings had sprouted from the contraptions. He grabbed Steve then pulled them both up into the sky. He then manueved them so he could deposit Steve safely back onto the ground. Once on the ground the wings hadn’t vanished and all three mortals gave Sam a confused and bewildered look.
“Natasha!” Clint cried on instinct seeing the shield fly towards her back. Unfortunately this caused the woman to turn around and have the round front of the shield hit her face rather than her back.
“Lord Loki, I’m sorry, but I am a centaur. We are creatures that aim to protect and defend. Which isn’t something I believe I can do here in Hel.”
A few months later the disease had hit and now here they were. They shared a sorrowful look but then Peggy got a determined look in her eyes.
“I am in charge here.” The horned god began in a toneless voice. He glared at Amora. “I make the decisions, not you Amora. I will not risk you getting detected. You are not on this mission.”
“The worlds mightiest heroes!” A voice boomed. “Heroes the Greecian world has never seen the likes of!” The voice boomed again.
“Hey if I teach Fenrir a trick how much time would that earn me?” He asked as he hung the furs on a knob by the inner chambers door. He always kept furs in the Throne Room, ready for when Loki went into one of his moods.
The next day they packed their stuff and planned where they should make their debut. They decided on New Thebes City, the Big Olive itself.
All three swiveled their heads towards the voice and found several crossbows aimed at them from various angles. Bandits had snuck up on them as they were arguing, they hadn’t covered the groups rear but all forward angles had people occupying them.  All the bandits had crossbows and they were all trained on the three. However, one man standing directly in front of them had his crossbow in a more relaxed position, he was the clear leader of the gang.
Loki’s eyes suddenly sparkled and the god stepped closer to Tony in excitement. “You found their weaknesses?! I knew you would succeed!”
Then Tony emerged from the fog; whistling as he walked through the bog as if he was walking down a street.
“How does he have the map?” Steve wondered out loud sharing a confused look with Bucky. They had always assumed Howard had gotten the map to go to Hel to get his child. But now here was Howard, and a child, and the map.
Bucky shooed Bruce away from him and angrily pointed a finger back up the cliff side. “Come with me! You’ll see!” He began running back up the cliff, everyone following him though still looking confused. “Lord Loki was talking to Tony, about you Steve! They’re targeting you!” He yelled angry and determined.
Everyone gasped as they watched the animal change its size at will. Clint then began chanting “what?” Till Phil explained what they just witnessed. Before anyone could say anything else Fenrir had made his way close to them and launched himself at the Avengers.
“He has not acted against me because he knows it will displease Thor.” She smiled but Tony just tutted as if he was disappointed in her.
“You really should thank Tony. I’m sorry to say we believed General Ross and came here under his false information.”
The next day, Tony went over to the Avengers place. He had planned on sitting in on another training session and take more notes. However, once he arrived Thor (who had greeted him at the door) gave him a large and eager looking smile. He then literally dragged the brunette over towards the large common room. There Bruce, Betty, and Clint looked forcefully relaxed, as if they were trying to look like they were just lounging around but their body language and side glances told Tony they were anything but. Natasha, Sam and Bucky were all around Steve, blocking him from view. However, once Thor and Tony came more into the room, all three backed away from the nervous looking blonde. Bucky seemed to whisper some last minute words to his friend. Which Natasha then added to, but again the words were spoken too quietly for Tony to make out.
After all his revelations the night before Tony came to another conclusion. He wouldn’t hurt Steve, not anymore than he already has. He’ll stay away. He had even talked to the Loki statue on the off chance Loki was watching him, and asked the god to come pick him up. He didn’t want to hurt Steve, and staying with him and getting even more attached would hurt the blonde and himself when Tony eventually had to leave.
“If you mean the training I’ve created, it’s fine. If you mean old man training then it's nothing, as in he’s taught us nothing.” Bucky grumbled and Steve nodded in agreement.
Tony had stayed back as the Avengers went into hero mode, so he was just outside the circle.  But something nagged at the back of his brain. As he watched her look into everyone's eyes it hit him.
“Want me to go grab you something? I don’t have a canteen on me.” Steve offered but Tony shook his head.
“Yeah Rhodey-bear is like a father to me.” Tony said wistfully, giving an over dramatic look to the man.
Everyone moved closer to where Clint was. Then, sure enough, they saw a man. A familiar looking man.
The play ended, with a heavily pregnant Frigga walking around the ice caps to try and soothe her aching ankles. Then she stumbled upon a massive glacier. The glacier then turned to reveal a deceased but frozen Farbauti clutching a frozen but in stasis tiny Jotunn baby, the god Loki.
After that they seemed to be better then every. They both discussed whether they should be public or not, and in the end they decided they would be public. If the magazines wanted to label it a “good friendship” they’d all laugh about it and if they got nasty, they’d be with each other and get through it together. Steve still pulled Tony from the lab but this time it wasn’t just whenever Steve thought it best for Tony to leave; but only after a time limit of 12 hours had passed and Tony had yet to sleep or emerge from his cave. Steve also cut down on his texting and calling but surprisingly, Tony increased his texts and calls. So they found a nice balance and managed to make their relationship work. The bickering stayed and some nights they left each other in anger, but they always came back to each other.
Thor and Sam flew Bucky and Steve off the island. Thor was not able to accompany them to the city and so they parted as soon as they hit the mainland. New Thebes City was only a ways walk from where they landed and so the group headed off on foot towards their future.
Pepper appeared shocked then a huge smile overtook her face. She tried to tamper it down but it kept blooming back up.
Eventually the pain subsided but Steve still felt out of it. His mind was reeling from the agony he just put himself through. He made no effort to move. Too much had just happened for him to try and process thoughts, let alone try to maneuver his sore and tender body.
” Tony gestured to the guards. “To incur the wrath of a god. Everyone knows Thor favors the Avengers. He even fights alongside them! Do you really think he’ll let the mortals that raised arms against his friends live?”
Eventually there is an event the Avengers have to attend and Tony declines joining them. However, Steve and him make plans for a date together the next day. Then, just to piss the other waiting Avengers off. Tony and Steve keep doing small repeated kisses to each other and holding hands till Clint literally yanks Steve back into the carriage. Everyone was laughing and Tony waved at the carriage as it drove off. He then turned and walked to the Jerk Off; because the Avengers had naturally dropped him off before the event.
“You have three days to bring either your wife or child to me. If you do not return, or have not even stepped foot into Hel, then on the sunset of the third day your soul will automatically be returned to me.” With that Loki thrusted the Scepter into Howard.
“They don’t know that!” Amora urged. “We can demand something from them, for example” Her smile grew “their weaknesses?” Loki looked intrigued so Amora continued. “We tell them to give us their weaknesses, pretend to give Anthony over to them but then we yank the slave back to Hel.” She cupped her hands in front of herself in excitement. “Then we can use their weaknesses to finally,
“Same. I may not be able to dodge or move as quickly as I used to, but it’s better than nothing.” Steve couldn’t help but flinch at that, as did the others. Natasha seemed to notice and grimaced. “I didn’t mean-”
“Helped me?!” Loki barked incredulously. “Look what your “help” has done!” Loki threw out his arms and gestured to everything.
No one else seemed to see the looks Sam and Bucky gave Steve. Steve didn’t either, all he saw was the tablet filled with his wedding. The wedding he really didn’t want. Tony kept talking and swiping through images and images of wedding things: Photographer choices, Videographer choices, possible Halls, table arrangements, table settings, flowers, etc.
“Stop!” Tony begged, turning to give Loki a pleading look but Loki didn’t look away from the Avengers.
“YES!” Amora cut in, walking closer to Tony. “Loki may hold his gaze for now, but he will turn to me. I will be the one he chooses last.”
“Your friend?” Tony scoffed then rolled his eyes. “I’m sure! Must have a lot of friends for all the openings and events you guys go to, Superstar.” Steve shook his head at the brunette’s teasing.
Steve also reflected back on the Civil War and knew there were many things he could’ve done differently. He should have listened to Sam; he should have talked in private. Instead he got all his friends caught up in this. Clint and Natasha never talked about the Civil War, and she seemed to really analyze everything they all said even more than she had previously.
Some time later, Tony took Steve to the Statue of Liberty, they’d been before, but Steve loved it and Tony loved Steve. Steve was enjoying the view from the Statues base when Tony dropped to one knee. The feeling grew.
“Come on Happy, look on the bright side. I’ll be here for all eternity.” Tony tried to comfort, but Happy looked even more distraught.
“Pepper is working with some artists to see if we can get a wedding topper of two grooms bickering.” The room laughed, then Tony grabbed his hand. “But if you want a traditional, and I use that lightly, wedding topper that’s fine. We can get the two grooms standing by each other.” A flick to multiple wedding cake toppers. “We’re gonna go cake testing closer to the date. I think marble would be best, but we can do white or chocolate or all three. Hell we’ll have enough guests, let’ do all three.”
“It’s his motto! Abandoning me! Selling ME! IS HIS MOTTO!” He screamed. “Never look back, only forward!” He screamed again. “ASSHOLE!”
“This art is amazing.” Natasha admired looking over an obviously purposeful decayed looking mosaic on one of the walls.
“Ok but we need to talk after all of this is settled.” Steve tried to catch Tony's eyes but the man kept his gaze resolutely forward to the altar.
“I agree!” Thor boomed, gesturing at the three mortals with his drink. “It is time you put your skills to use. Prove you are a True Hero Steve!” He banged on his chest right over where his heart was.
“Not tonight Steve.” Said man cut in, “My head is killing me. It’s literally throbbing and I….I just can’t tonight.”
Steve threw a heated glare at the brunette but Tony held his ground and just glared back. Steve opened his mouth to say something but Tony’s glare worsened and he cut him off.
Anyway, I also may need some help with my thorki prequel. I'm still writing it but I may need a test reader to make sure it makes sense. Not looking for volunteers yet but putting it out there that I may be in the future.
“We’ll find him.” Bucky assured. “Betty, can you stay here in case he does eventually come over?” Betty nodded.
Tony was gaining more and more years of freedom thanks to all the creatures he’d gotten to agree to fight the heroes (the griffin and the boar). As for the harpies and sea serpent, he had found out about them and told Loki about them. From there, Loki and Amora had gotten the creatures to New Thebes City. As happy as all this freedom made Tony, he was also a bit disturbed by it. Before he’d have to haggle over the time earned, but now Loki gave time away, and it unnerved the brunette.
After his friends stopped their heckling Steve explained how Tony had helped sneak him out of the house. Though he didn’t elaborate on how they got out, just in case he needed to use that escape route again. He then told them about going out to eat, disguising himself, and how the rest of the day went.
Eventually a loud and eerie howl was heard throughout the loud and bustling city. As the howl went on the city quieted down and people stopped in place. Citizens began looking around and the ones near the Avengers cowered and clung to their heroes.
The Avengers went back home to inform Bruce of everything and to get some well deserved rest. Rhodey had stayed with Steve and the two had talked for awhile. They had cleared the air and agreed to start off fresh. However, Rhodey had made it clear that Tony was his family and he would not let the brunette get hurt.
“I can’t run, I’m limping at best. And that,” Sam pointed towards the panicked areas of the city. “sounds like this Jörmungandr has just arrived. We need Thor.”
Steve didn’t end up going back home that night. In fact that night, Tony suggested they sleep outside under the stars. So Steve had pulled out a couch and Tony some blankets, and that night they cuddled together and fell asleep while gazing at the heavens. Tony had fallen asleep first and Steve took a moment to just look at the sleeping brunette on his chest and smiled.
“Not Steve!” Tony shot back. “He’s willing to throw glory away if it means doing the right thing! He defends everyone! He’s a True Hero even if you gods don’t give him the title! He’s more than earned it!”
“Right, the date.  What’s your feeling about a summer wedding? Though you’re birthday’s in the summer, we could do spring. But everyone has weddings then. I refuse the fall; we’re not having our wedding when everything is dying. Winter could be nice. We could change the color’s to-”
“That-” Tony gripped the cape around his shoulder and immediately whipped it off his shoulders glaring at it. “That’s not fair!” It was those three’s fault. Ty was handsy but he could have talked him down if Steve Rogers had not interfered.
Tony flinched and averted his face in guilt. But then he lifted it back up. “I had to.” He admitted, “But you know what? You didn’t have to.” His tone became cold as did his glare. Steve however met the look straight on and didn’t seem impressed or intimidated.
“Everyone knows.” Tony explained, trying to not sound completely disappointed in the situation he was now in. “You and the Avengers are sleeping with Thor.”
Steve had been trying to figure out what Tony was doing. He at first thought Tony was trying to buy them time for Thor to come back. But the brunette kept purposefully riling Amora up, getting her angry. When Steve saw Amora’s hands glow he figured out what Tony was actually trying to do and wanted to scream. His eyes bulged and he tried to make his body move or do something. He tried to even say something. But nothing.
“Thor knows I am against this Steve Rogers. If I were to kill him outright or be too brazen with his demise, he’d know it was me and never forgive me”
Loki, Amora, and Tony watched over the ceremony from Loki’s temple. Athens, like New Thebes had many temples to the gods. Loki’s temple happened to oversee the ceremony and so they all leered down at the Avengers and their adoring crowd.
They all sat on cushions on the floor surrounding a low to the ground table that had food and drinks littered across it. All were dressed in casual chitons and skirts, even Thor was in a more informal dress. There was also some dice on the table and floor so Steve assumed he missed part (if not all) of game night.
“So Loki must have sent him to us to get information on us but then he got attached. He was then forced to give up the information.” Natasha summarized.
Steve, Bucky, and Sam all walked through the forest. Sam would occasionally fly up to make sure they were on the right path towards New Thebes City. Bucky kept checking over his weapons, excited to finally put their new skills to the test.
“There’s a good boy!” Loki praised. The god then grabbed both sides of Fenrir’s face and looked his pet in the eyes.
“Holy Hel!” Tony gasped at the pace of their thrusting and Steve’s ability to hit his sweet spot dead on each time. “Steve!” Tony moaned as his climax quickly overtook him.
New York City was a strange city and at times it seemed like a whole different world. In what other place could a boy from Brooklyn and a billionaire meet? This could happen in no other place than the Big Apple.
Loki was leaning over the slowly waking up god and tracing nonsensical patterns on the blonde’s chest with one finger. He gently looked down at the blonde god and gave a small huff.
“It’s not about worthiness Steve, it’s about knowing who you are.” The old man finally said. “My teachings are just that, teachings. There's no code of conduct, no creed. I share my knowledge and then it’s yours to use. So I must be careful with who I share this knowledge with. Because knowledge is power and power is consuming.” Steve gave a nod of understanding. “Power amplifies everything within a person. So, good becomes great. Bad becomes worse.”
Steve sucked in a breath. Tony had never told him he loved him, not in words. Steve had known though, it was affirmed through Tony’s actions. But hearing it. Steve couldn’t stop his heart from skipping a beat.
“I’m shit at this, so it’s going as well as can be expected.” Tony grumbled to the unknown male. “Don’t give me that look. This is hard!” Tony exclaimed.
““Big on people”? What does this mean?” Thor inquired putting air quotes around the first part of his question.
The Avengers tried to make their way out of the city but their pace was slow and the city was filled with fans. They kept getting swamped by people, however no one recognized Steve and he was often pushed out of the way by some overzealous fans.
Then Tony quickly closed himself off again. Going so far as to turn away from Steve and hurry towards the front of the temple, where the altar was.
“Are you trying to get us killed?!” Bucky accused as he ducked low and swept their surroundings for any monsters that could come charge at them.
“No, as long as the spot is filled they could perish the next day after taking your place. Shades are destroyed often here as part of their punishments. Hel has no quarrel with that, as long as the places are filled.”
“Now,” Steve grabbed Peggy’s ring and twirled it. “I still feel like I could have done more….but, I owe it to Peggy to listen to her.” He then looked at Sam “I want to be the best hero I can be, because I trained for it, because I owe it to Erskine, because Peggy would have wanted that, because I want that, because helping people in need is the right thing to do and...because I want to protect the people I care about. I won’t let them down.”
3. I have started making memes for this fic because I think I’m hilarious lol. Anyway, I’ll probably add them at the end in like chapter 27. But in the meantime you can find them on my tumblr, under the tag “The Hercules AU”
Steve and Sam shared a look and Steve was about to reach for his shield when an arrow lodged itself in the leaders neck. The bandits and three friends stared in shock as the man grabbed his throat. Suddenly the bandit next to the leader had their throat slashed. They also grabbed their throat but quickly fell to the ground. Just as quickly the other bandits either had arrows suddenly poking out from their necks or were being slashed and stabbed. Until it was over, just as quickly as it had began and the three were left with the bodies.
Loki sat upon his throne dripped in his normal gold jewelry and the throne room had a layer of frost coating it. He was still blue, but looked like he was at least making an effort to appear calm. When Tony left there was a layer of ice on the walls, so hurray for small improvements.
“Exactly.” Erskine answered with a patient smile then glanced at the horizon where the mist was still moving and turning, obscuring the view of the mainland. “No mortals are to know of me. So the mists from Odin hide me from their sight unless I otherwise wish it.”
After the first group meet up Tony tried a few times to whisk Steve away for some private time but more often than not, another Avenger joined them. Often Steve was the one inviting them. It was beginning to really grate on Tony’s nerves. But that didn’t compare to the annoyance that was the showboating and bragging the Avengers seemed to really enjoy doing.
The Avengers shivered at the god’s promise, for that was exactly what it was. Thor glared at his lover but before anymore could be said or shouted back, Loki flicked his hand. Thor saw the portal from the corner of his eyes and rolled out of the way. The Avengers, however, weren’t as lucky and were sucked into the portal along with Pepper.
Thor was the only one who could handle Steve’s strength. So it was with the gods assistance that Steve learned where the line of acceptable and excess was. It was a rigorous year of relearning the basics, like running, stopping, gripping, pushing, etc. For an entire year Erskine, Bucky, and Thor had dedicated themselves to teaching Steve control. To the point that a Heavenly minion was sent to the island in order to notify Thor he had responsibilities he had to see to. So a few weeks out of the year Thor would go off, shepherd storms and take care of his other duties then return to help the mortals he now called friends.
“Dad!” Tony cried running to the his father and falling through him. Howard clutched at his ghostly body and gapped at Loki.
“But you act like you are!” Bucky shot up and immediately regretted it from the head rush, but he stood his ground. “Steve I put
“Ok,” Tony drawled dubiously, “And how do you expect to get that? People don’t blurt out their weaknesses.”
“My Lord Loki.” A voice called, pulling Loki out of his brief fantasy. Upon opening his eyes he examined the small underworld minion. “We require your assistance with a rather...restless soul.”
“WAIT!” Loki held up a hand then seemed to zero in on Tony’s face. The god then held up one finger and pointed it at the mortal. Then he spoke slowly and purposefully “You said, he wouldn’t lie to you.”
10 years had passed since Howard sold Tony to Loki. The fact that Tony has lived in Hel longer than he did in the land of the living was still jarring for the human to process.  It would be nice to say he didn’t notice the time go by, but that would be a lie. Although the first year was a bit of a blur.
From inside the house, on the other side of the door, Tony pressed his ear against the wood and listened to the tell-tale signs of someone walking away. He then let out an inaudible sigh and leaned more heavily on the door.
“Steve, no!” She fired back, looking the blonde dead in the eyes. “He’s the god of the dead AND mischief. He’ll let Tony go then stab him in the back.”
“I agree.” Steve put in. “If we don’t end this here it’ll keep following us. Loki will just keep sending monsters after us. This needs to stop.”
Steve tried to touch Tony but the man flinched away from him. Still gaping and looking like his whole world was rocked Tony stumbled away.
“Natasha’s right. And I’ve had a bad feeling about him since the moment we met him. And worse, Steve he’s got some hold over you.”
“What? Are we only allowed to be talking about the big green ogre we’re heading off to kill?” Clint shot back.
“You doubt me?! You are the secret keeper!” Thor accused, waiting for the right moment to strike. “Secretly plotting my friend's downfall. Secretly keeping a child! Secretly plotting to rule!”
“Fine! I’ll leave you all to keep playing the valiant heroes.” He announced then transported himself so he was now next to Tony. Everyone immediately tensed up and Steve even moved to shoot forward. “But Tony here gets to come back to Hel with me.” Loki grabbed Tony’s chin. Steve growled and did move closer to them.
Once inside and away from the entrance Sam dropped the ball of string. They then wandered the labyrinth for some time before finally coming across Asterion. Tony was correct, once they said his name the Minotaur stopped charging towards them and instead looked at them questioningly. Sam and Bucky explained they were here to free him not hurt him. Steve then pulled out the magic map he had brought with them. Only instead of going for an obscure exit or cause a break in the labyrinth like in the original plan, Steve led them towards the front entrance.
Howard licked his lips and gave his head a small shake. “You heard him the other day. His ideas, we can expand on that.” Maria shook her head still against the idea. “Maria, I
“They think you’re a monster! They think you’re trying to trick them!” He then whipped back towards the two humans.
“I don’t know about that last part.” Bruce chidded “I think it’s more they...we...us in the Monster Bog knew he was only there for information so there’s no harm in letting him roam around.”
Bucky took a quick nap while the others enjoyed some food and drinks. Tony tentatively showed them a few other rooms but mostly everyone stayed in the skylight room. Once it started getting dark, Natasha woke Bucky up and ushered all the Avengers to leave. Steve stayed back as everyone filed out the front door.
Thor gave Steve a confused glance then turned back to Tony with his eyebrows furrowed. Tony groaned and dragged a hand down his face.
Once in the land of the living Tony was overjoyed by everything. Years with only the underworlds ethereal glow and no direct sunlight, had made him forget how great the actual sun felt on his skin. He laid in the grass, ran through the fields, tumbled down some hills. He thoroughly enjoyed all the things the land of the living had that Hel did not. Everything except people.
“And you're absolutely right. I can’t take these things from you.” Loki made a sweeping gesture to all the Avengers. “But if you were listening you’ll remember I said,
Tony gulped visibly and tried to take a few nervous steps back but was jolted to a stop when he felt a sharp prick at his back. Glancing behind him he saw a miniature statue of Fandral (the god of love) with his bow and arrow drawn. This caused Tony to do a double take while Steve followed him and squeezed their clasped hands to gain the brunette’s attention.
“Thanks, that was actually my idea.” Tony smiled, looking up at the sky light. “I really like looking at the sun and stars so,” Tony shrugged and looked thoughtful “I wanted a constant view of them.”
“Thor loves strength.” Amora muttered, jealousy clear in her tone. “He’s endearing himself to Thor even more!”
The blonde’s grip loosened and that’s all Loki needed to elbow him and quickly crawl out from under him. However Thor made no move to summon mjolnir from the wall he had embedded it in earlier; and Loki made no move to summon his magic.
“Your spiraling Punk, relax!” Bucky got in front of his friend and braced his shoulders. “Breathe with me! In! And out! In! And out!” Steve followed along and Bucky gave him a reassuring smile.
4. Do not expect accurate Ancient Greece anything in this fic. We are going off Disney Hercules here. Historical accuracy is not the point. On that note there’s gonna be some Greek/Norse mythology mashup and remixes in this.
Amora looked to Loki in victory but Loki wasn’t looking at her. Instead he stared pensively at the wall, playing with his fingers. Then Loki’s face smoothed out and he smiled as he steepled his hands together.
Pepper then walked towards a giant who appeared to have been just scanning the field. Upon seeing Pepper the giant got as close to the ground as he could. The two spoke quietly then the giant nodded and made a gesture behind him and pointed as if to turn left. Pepper nodded then shouted back to the Avengers to follow her.
Jan, who had grown up with Tony and thus “came from Tony’s world” was hurt and offended that Bucky thought Steve wouldn’t be welcome in it. However Happy pointed out that there is a difference between being friends with a paparazzi followed billionaire and being in a relationship with one. Bucky and Happy could probably see what Steve had yet to (or didn’t want to). Perhaps Steve and Tony were too young, impulsive and stubborn. However none of the debating really affected Steve’s resolve.
“It’s not ideal but this is the best plan.” Steve argued. “We know that it’s not perfect!” He almost shouted, the frustration of this continued debate shining through. “But we don’t have a lot to stand on here! We can’t accuse Minos of everything so openly.”
“You’re supposed to help us with the war!” Tony yelled gaining everyone’s attention. “Dad said that’s why we’re here! Why is all this happening?!” Tony cried grabbing his hair.
Tony sprung up from where he had landed and he tried to hack up all the water that he swallowed. As he was trying to move his drenched hair away from his eyes in order to clear them of water, he was suddenly lifted up bridal style.
Then his glare and cold look melted away for just a second to reveal a very hurt and betrayed face. Steve’s eyes immediately softened and he made to say something. But Tony swallowed down the tears and sadness that wanted to come out.
Clint was stuck in place as he had taken a step back to look over the scene. Natasha and Bucky were poised to jump the witch and grab their weapons. Bruce and Sam were forced to freeze in their half crouched positions, as they had immediately tried to assist Tony. Steve had dropped the dagger and was in a running stance. He had tried to run at Tony, tried to get to him, to help him. And Steve’s whole body vibrated as he fought against Amora’s control.
“Tony!” Steve chastised but Tony just glared at him in anger and disgust causing Steve to physically recoil
He didn’t even make up a great excuse, just got up and made for the door saying “Just remembered I’ve got a thing I have to get to. See you later Steve, bye!”
The next day, Coulson arrived bright and early and had given the team a run down of everything that was planned for the day. When they told him about having Tony over he said he could fit that in tomorrow but they already had commitments for today. Then he asked Steve to give a detailed description of where Tony lived so he could go deliver the invitation for tomorrow.
Loki held up a hand and sat up straighter on his throne. His face lost the salesman edge and took on more the face of a true god. He also seemed to be looking past the centaur.
More time later, Steve brought up a new girlfriend he was seeing, Sharon Carter. Tony asked about her and if Steve was happy. When Steve said he was, Tony smiled. They were friends.
Upon entering the Throne Room the Avengers were freezing but trying not to show it. Thor looked furious, tiny lightning was sprouting from his fingers and he had mjolnir in his grip. Greeting them was a glowering blue god. Loki was sitting ramrod straight on his throne and anger seemed to vibrate off of him. Ice was indeed covering all the surfaces of the room. Frost was even clinging to a fur coat that was hung up by one of the doors.
None of the Avengers looked back at him or said anything to him as they slowly made their way out of the Arena.
Inside the house, everything was exactly as Steve had last seen it. Nothing was out of place or in more disarray then when they had previously left it. Sam and him searched the whole house but couldn’t find Tony.
“I’m telling you Pepper, either Loki needs to get bent over his throne by thunder dick. Or he needs to bend Thor over his throne with his icicle dick. Either way something has to be done!” He complained dramatically.
“Please Tony!” Steve begged again. “Don’t be dead. Don’t die! I told you-” Steve broke off with a cry.
“No! Steve you didn’t hurt me.” Tony comforted, grabbing the blonde’s shoulder. “It’s me!” He then pushed away from Steve and his questioning gaze.
“Aw poor Buckaroo” Tony mocked and Sam had to cough to cover his laugh. “So what? Are you going to threaten me again if I don’t spill my whole life story to you?”  Tony asked inclining his head towards Natasha and Bucky.
“Tell me their weaknesses.” Loki said gently. “Then you can have this house. All the money you will ever need. And all the freedom you deserve! And you’ll never have to see those Avengers again.”
After shutting the door Happy went towards his captains chair as the Avengers all tried to get comfortable. The room was spacious but did not have a lot of other seating options. There were only a few other chairs, not enough for each Avenger to have one to themselves.
“It’s a large crowd.” Tony still gave a blank look so Steve continued, quirking his own eyebrow. “Before you mentioned you don’t like crowds.” Tony’s face finally dawned in understanding and he gave the blonde a small smile.
“Nat we have to do it!” He grabbed the redhead’s shoulders and smiled an enormous smile. “We could ask for anything! Anything!”
The two had been going at each other ever since the Avengers and Pepper were teleported away. It started with Thor asking what Loki had done to them, to Loki acosting Thor about his cheating, and then eventually it turned into this.
After a year of teaching Steve to control his strength they finally moved onto fighting styles. Steve still had to practice with Thor, because he wasn’t confident in being able to control his punches just yet. About 3 months in Bucky had jokingly complained about not having a sparring partner. But Thor appeared to take his plight seriously and had vanished from the island with a promise to bring Bucky a partner to spar with.
Tony looked around the room he had ended up in and his eyes landed on Steve’s old blue cape, which he had thrown over a couch after wearing it previously.
Steve went to Tony’s lab the day the genius came back to New York and kissed him. They announced they were dating that week.
“Ok that’s enough!” Tony yelled, slamming his hands on the table as he shot up. “Are you kidding me?! You’re all just going to go kill Asterion?! Because King Dickhead said so?!”
“What are you guys doing?!” Tony yelled from the hallway connecting the skylight room and the garden.
“I heard you got new curtains and I wanted to check them out.” He joked which earned him a rough chuckle from the girl.
“Steve and I will walk the city, talk with guards, and see if anyone’s seen him.” Bucky said while gripping the blonde’s shoulder.
The mist then changed to show flashbacks of times when Tony had to quickly hide or duck into a room or something as Thor surprised Loki with visits.
On their way back they ran into some travelers. The travelers were carrying large amounts of various fabric on their backs and were obviously traveling by foot to another town to try and sell or deliver the wares they were carrying. The civilians waved fanatically at the Avengers carriage and gave them beaming smiles.
With Jan leading the friendship train, everyone was introduced and exchanged information. By the end of the night, both friend groups converged into one huge group.  They started meeting up every week, some nights not everyone could make it. Jan had dates with her boyfriend Hank, as did Rhodey with his girlfriend Carol. Bruce had nights he needed to be in his lab or with his girlfriend Betty. Sam and Bucky would sometimes opt out to go on their own dates. Even Thor had to miss events to be with his younger brother.
While Howard stubbled and tried to reorient himself Loki summoned his Scepter of the Dead. The Scepter of the Dead had a gold staff with silver blades sprouting from the top, where the gold staff stopped and what the silver blades surrounded was a glowing blue orb.
They had already discussed this, hence why Bucky and Steve had made sure to enter first and move Maria over to a more secluded area.
“You are correct Lord Loki.” At Loki’s noncommittal “hm” Howard desperately added “Lord Loki I must go back. We are so close to victory and I know I can help our side win that decisive victory!” Loki looked less than impressed so Howard fell to his knees and pressed his head to the floor. “Please my lord! I am needed! Without my genius we may lose and we cannot afford to do so! Too much is at stake! I will do anything!”
Thor gave a grin and sat Loki down on his desk. “We will get there eventually.” He then tugged on Loki’s smallclothes. “First I will have you, and you me, on all the surfaces we have been deprived of for the past 8 and a half years.”
“That’s why-! That explains why he stopped letting me play with him!” Thor boomed, “He’d always slither away or wrap tighter around Loki. And I love snakes so I was so disappointed. As a child I’d-”
Steve looked around the area then studied some trees in the distance till a look of recognition lit up his face.
If Bruce and Sam hadn’t been restraining Tony, the brunette surely would have been shot back with the momentum of the blast. However, since all he could move was back a foot or so, the blast had gone clean through him.
While Howard kept his head bowed, Tony peaked up. He had never dreamed of seeing a god. Nevermind be in a gods palace.
“And as I’ve said you need to file an official report.” One of the three guards bit out, clearly annoyed at the situation.
At the sight and sound of that, Steve’s dick began to grow hard again while still inside Tony. Tony gasped at the feeling and gave Steve a shocked look.
Tony let out a small and wet final breath. His eyes stopped twitching to open and instead remained shut. His entire body tried to slump down to the earth. He was gone.
Tony gestured his head to everyone; whom at this point, had just been watching Amora and Tony interact with varying expressions filtering across their faces. Amora quickly scanned the group and raised an eyebrow.
“This is all contingent on him even letting us back into his house.” Clint added with a wince. The other Avengers similarly winced. “This’ll be the...what...third time we threatened slash accused him of some shit?”
“Come on Clint!” Natasha leapt onto the horse and held out her arm for the blonde to grab so she could hoist him up behind her.
“Is not cleaning your home some form of rebellion from all the times I made you clean?” Loki  asked then gave Tony a teasing smile. “Rhodey will not be pleased once he moves in here.” Tony laughed.
“Mama I’m real!” Tony shouted and he winced when he heard his voice bounce back to him. He hadn’t meant to actually shout but it seemed his voice was either too quiet or too loud.
Bruce had charged at the wolf to try and attack it but Fenrir instead released Sam, then made to take a chomp out of him. Bruce yelped and jumped back. Luckily a dagger was thrown at the wolf causing it to flinch and retreat back from the group. Unluckily, the dagger had hit the wolf with the hilt and not the point.
4. I’m sure you’ve all noticed I don’t describe much of the characters physical appearance. I think Loki is the only one I went in depth on. This is on purpose and it’s because everyone (myself included) has their own pictures in their minds for these characters and I don’t really like it when my mental picture gets broken. So please note I will continue to NOT describe their physical appearance much outside what I’ve already done.
“Wait! Shit! Sorry! Real quick!” Tony rushed then ran over to Jarvis and wrapped the shade in a hug. “I’m going to miss being able to hug you.” Tony mumbled quiet enough only Jarvis could hear.
Steve huffed a breath and took a seat on the stool by the bed. “It’s not fair Peggy. If I knew our last kiss was actually going to be our last….” They stared at each other and Steve swallowed a heavy lump while Peggy actually let a tear out one eye.
Tony finally looked up and locked eyes with the blonde, both men had tears in their eyes. “I had to I-”
“You said you were no help. That’s wrong.” Tony elaborated and that just earned him a heavy sigh from Steve. “How can you see the skills and strengths in everyone but yourself?” Tony wondered aloud.
“I’m amazed you managed to come out of the Mists.” Pepper mused. “Normally once your deep in the Mist, you can’t see the exit. Or so I’ve been told.”
Their friends were ecstatic. Everyone gave their congratulations but Bucky and Sam saw something in Steve’s eyes. He brushed them off and they let it drop.
“And yet,” Loki continued from where he left off, completely ignoring Steve. “I have had the most difficult time trying to kill all of you.”
“That doesn’t count.” Rhodey reprimanded, “They were passing travelers, and all you said was hi and then told them to buzz off. That’s not being around people Tones, that’s telling people off.”
Suddenly, he heard Rhodey’s voice calling him from one of the other rooms. Tony immediately jumped up off the cushions he had been lying face down on.
” Loki yelled and blue began to creep over him. “You’re going to die and I’m going to enjoy every minute of it!”
“Sorry, and no, not yet.” Tony answered blinking a few times. “I have some ideas. Mainly I’ve been able to figure out everyone's best and most powerful qualities. What makes them special, you know?”
The next day Tony was pleasantly sore and Steve was super attentive and supportive. The brunette made sure to show his appreciation in the bath by giving Steve a blow job. Tony had learned many tricks from the incubuses he slept with in Hel. However, Steve had been fantastic and put the memory of the past incubuses to shame.
“And here!” Natasha's voice rang out as she appeared in the entryway. “We have Steve Roger’s famous workout session,”
“Better get ready, don’t want to let the fans down.” Clint advised with a pat on the back, “We’ll meet you in the steam room!” The crowd cheered again as Steve’s face went beet red.
This had then turned into telling all the Avengers about how Steve had been a sickly weak boy. From there it divulged into a fun night of swapping backstories. All except Howard who only listened and laughed but never shared.
Upon unfurling the scroll a map began to magically be drawn up, it illustrated the landscape around him, outlined his home city, and showed where he was in relation to the closest underworld entrance. Unfurling it more, the map expanded and showed more detail of the surrounding area and more entrances in relation to where he currently was.
“Back to his equally beautiful alabaster form.” Loki glared at his lover and groaned in frustration.
All the Avengers were in the training yard, looking towards the sky and waiting for any sign of Thor. Steve and Bucky had begun sparing in order to keep Steve’s mind off things; but the blonde would always glance up, looking for Thor. Betty sat next to Bruce and talked, rambling about everything and anything. She was trying to keep all their minds occupied so they didn’t all just sit there and pace, or drown in worry.
“I’m your lover, I want to help you.” Steve had urged. “If it’s getting too much or you need some time, tell me. Don’t just run off.”
Tony meanwhile kept chuckling and shook his head. He then gave Amora a smug look. “Man, you don’t get it.” At Amora’s glare Tony let out another chuckle.
“This is my most prized possession.” Howard informed them looking at the scroll. “No one but me knows of it, so you must not tell
“They kept going back in!” Happy defended himself as he threw an arm out towards the Mist back on the shore. The ogre then turned a glare to all the baffled Avengers. “I tried to warn you all but you never listened and waltzed right back in time after time.”
“I assume you have questions.” Pepper said after they all got comfortable. “But let me explain a few things first.” She indicated her head towards Happy. “Happy saw you all go in the Mists of Knowledge. Lord Thor, I have no idea why you think it would be wise to have mortals walk willing in there. That was extremely dangerous.”
“And I know I’m safe here because I’m not trying to pick a fight. Unlike all of you!” He glared at all 5 of them.
“Yeah?” Steve gasped glancing away from the brunettes face, down to where their hips were pushed together.
“You need to leave.” Loki cut in. The god stood up and turned away from Thor. “I am done for today. Leave!” He ordered.
I can't believe this fic has gotten over 100 comments and 200 kudos! That's CRAZY! Thank you all SO SO much!
Clint had been the one to spot Tony incapacitate two of the bandits. Afterwards he didn’t share his findings so as to save face with the merchants. The Avengers couldn’t gush that, ‘wow one of them could fight really well’. That should be a given.
Loki watched from his spot in the shadows of the gorge as Tony and the accursed mortals finally arrived at their trap. From his vantage point, Loki watched as Tony was left near the horses and the mortals all ran towards where Amora was.
Steve then told Bucky what he had previously only told Sam and Howard. He told Bucky all about his and Peggy’s last conversation, about how he ignored her last request, about the guilt he felt, and finally how he was able to embrace Peggy’s wish and request. He stopped carrying her death and only carried her ring.
“He just likes them!” Tony shouted, making sure to get Amora to focus back on him. “Thor’s spent all this time here with them. Because he likes them. As friends. That’s it!”
Everyone’s attention swirled over towards where the voice was coming from. In the distance they could see the Ferry approaching and it seemed the voice was coming from there.
“This isn’t it.” Clint whispered in a shocked tone. “No, no! This can’t just…” Clint’s eyebrows furrowed then elevated as an idea came to mind. “Steve!” He exclaimed.
“Tony! I am overjoyed at seeing you!” Thor greeted going to give the man a hug but the human flinched back.
Loki’s eyebrows flew up and he couldn’t stop the look of surprise from overtaking his face. However he quickly tried to school his features back into something more neutral. Steve took advantage of the moment and walked up besides Pepper.
“My problem was with you but I took it out on Tony.” Bucky emerged in a clean, dark blue skirt. “I owe him an apology for that ...and a few other things as well.”
“Tony,” Steve called gently and grabbed the angry man’s arm to get his attention. “Can you tell us what you know?” Tony sighed then sat back in his chair and began his explanation.
Currently, Pepper, Tony, Rhodey, and Jarvis were all relaxing as Tony complained about Loki’s moods. Thor’s last visit did not help matters like Tony had hoped they would. Instead for the past year Loki seemed more angry and irritable than ever.
He quickly looked towards the now closed doors and saw Tony leaning against them, in a very relaxed pose. The brunette had on a red chiton with gold accents but this one looked a little more feminine than his regular chitons. Though that may be because this particular chiton seemed to really accent where his hips where. Steve’s mouth suddenly seemed a tad dry.
“Why do you think I asked for all those books and papers Thor?!” Loki threw an arm out towards the door. “I was looking for a way to get him out!”
Loki growled then leaned over the balcony towards the people below and snarled at them. Amora then waved her hand and a few plates and pots appeared near them. All the plates and pots had the Avengers painted on them.
Rhodes looked at Loki, Howard, and the now crying boy. “No.” He breathed, “No, no! You cannot allow this!”
Finally he had all the runes written out. He then slammed both hands, palms down, into the table and infused it with magic. The runes lit up and then the table's surface began to show the image of what was currently happening to Tony.
The centaur now blocked one of those side doors as he maneuvered himself to get a front view of who was approaching.
Tony and Steve’s relationship had been great. They were in love and never let any of their friends forget it. Many movie nights were spent making gagging noises at the two of them as they cuddled, kissed, and bickered. Their bickering was like foreplay and everyone knew it.
“If this turns out to be a double cross I-I just want to warn you that it won’t turn out well. Not like a threat! Just a warning! I haven’t transformed in awhile and I’m not sure how much I can control.” Bruce stumbled to explain as he and the 5 heroes walked out of the Monster Bog and onto the main path.
James Rhodes could feel the tension in the air and readjusted himself to try and dispel it from seeping into him. Which immediately caught the attention of the little boy. Tony looked the centaur over and beamed at him, seemingly ecstatic to see a centaur. Rhodes puffed up his chest and gave the boy a smile, which Tony returned along with a small wave.
“You have to impress him Steve.” Bucky urged. “You know why I had a fan club back home? Because I impressed them with my fighting skills.”
Loki and him were on the brink of completion, when Loki jerked bodily. He had yanked his horns out of Thor’s grasp and threw off their rhythm. It immediately broke them from their high and thus robbed them of their climaxes.
They spent that whole day just being near each other. Howard was never home, always away with the soldiers and generals, helping design the next weapon that could give them the winning edge. So to be home, with his wife and child was a rarity. In fact when Tony had come in he hadn’t actually recognized the boy. Tony had grown so much, he was now 8 years old and desperate to try and help in whatever way he could.
“Shouldn’t and can’t get involved.” Thor finished lazily. “Very well I will sit this adventure out. Good luck my friends.” Phil didn’t give out anymore details of the mission till Thor left the premise.
“Centaurs can say it.” Rhodey cut in. “Tony was right to correct your friend.” Rhodey gave a passing look over to Bucky, who averted his eyes and took a large pull from his drink.
Suddenly Tony felt lips press against his cheek. He immediately went ramrod straight and blushed as he felt Steve pull back. Tony locked eyes with him and saw Steve was also blushing a bright red.
“Great!” Steve beamed. “I have the date planned out. So you don’t have to worry about anything.” The blonde then grabbed Tony’s hand and pulled him towards the door. “Ready to head out?”
Steve offered a hand to help the brunette down but Rhodey turned and trotted away with Tony still on his back. All the Avengers glanced from Steve’s outstretched hand to the back of the centaur, wide eyed.
But Loki flung a hand up which opened a portal under Tony, causing said mortal to fall into it. Tony bounced off his bed back in the Palace of Hel. He quickly got up and made for the door but found it locked from the outside. Looking around he saw his window now had bars in it. He was grounded but it felt more like trapped then it ever had in a very long time.
“Bruce I meant what I said.” Steve came up to the man’s other side and gave him a calming smile. “I want to help you. We can help you get your control over your Hulk form so you don’t have to fear it, but embrace it.”
Sometimes Tony would come over and all the heroes would be in training. They expressed their apologies but Tony always waved them off, then he’d sit down and watch them all train. Betty would sit with him sometimes. However, she would eventually leave as she found watching them all go through their individual fighting skills dull. Tony, however, always seemed to enjoy it as he would watch them all with rapt attention.
This embarrassment was too much for the King and he made to strike the Queen. The crowd gasped, Steve and Asterion moved to rush the stage but Tony had it handled. Tony had grabbed the Kings wrist and wrapped Minos’s arm up around the Kings back. Tony then grabbed his neck with his other arm, putting the King in a restraining hold.
