"And we played in a band together, kind of... when Dean still wanted to be a rock star." She completes it.
This time it's Dean who almost chokes, swallowing the bite of the sandwich he's just taken, and coughing a little.
Castiel and Dean kiss. Without realizing it, Cas puts his hand where the car accident scar remains as an insistent reminder of a past when Dean felt the biggest fear of his entire life. He stops Cas's hand at that spot and pulls back a little, breathing still close into his mouth.
"I'm fine without the hats." Castiel says lifting his head to try to give a kiss to Dean, who turns his face a little, holding back a smile.
What Dean didn't expect is that the situation could actually get worse, because Benny is getting closer, as he, Charlie and Dean had agreed to go to lunch together today. Dean just didn't imagine that Cas would be there before they left.
Castiel replays the moment they arrived again. Ellen greeted everyone with a wide smile, after scolding them for not calling so often. Then she pulled Sam and Dean into a double hug. Mary was more subdued, hugging them one at a time, taking time to examine them carefully, a soft smile on her lips. Afterwards, Eileen and Castiel gained their attention before the entire ritual began, with them taking their bags to their rooms so they could be accommodated. Castiel feels tired, but more relaxed than a few minutes ago.
Castiel approaches him, standing next to the Impala, Baby, as Dean calls her.
Castiel says as a matter of fact.
"Okay." And she leaves after throwing one last look in Dean's direction.
He is serious and a little awkward. Then he looks at Dean.
"I've already finished what I came to say." Balthazar straightens up, and gives Castiel a smile, as if they've been polite to each other for the past twenty minutes. "This isn't goodbye, Cassie."
Castiel shakes his head.
"Aren't we?" Dean frowns, but he lets a crooked smile reach his lips.
"And Nachos too." Castiel confirms. He knows that being a sales associate is not his lifelong dream or goal, but for now, this is the job that has allowed him to be independent, to meet other people beyond the closed world he grew up in. So, for now, he doesn't mind staying there and not in a room watching his father's excesses without being able to object to anything.
"Dean Winchester is back!" Dean hears an excited voice behind him. Pamela Barnes has arrived, and without giving any break for any other reaction from Dean but to turn toward her, she grabs him into a hug, lifting him briefly off the ground.
"Dean arrived there to live a part of his life when he had too much resentment and was old enough to understand that some damaged parts never fully recover, the scar remains. However, tilting his head to the sky, he sees the stars and a dark immensity that has always been part of the place where he could first find himself more whole than broken. Lebanon was home when he thought he would only know escape routes, and there was no better place to share his story with Cas."
"It's not that, Jo." He cuts her off. “They went to high school with me... I think they're the first friends my age who, I don't know, are ready to start a family? To marry? Kids? Not in an accidental way... It seemed so far away from us..."
“Oh hello, Castiel. You are a sight for sore eyes. Mine at least.” Pam rubs her eyes, looks Cas up and down and smirks at him, appraising. "So Dean, how come you always get the pretty ones?"
"You're going to scare him." Dean scowls at her.
"Is this the way you greet an old friend?" He responds, pretending to be resentful. "At least the part of you known for lack of manners remains intact."
He panics, it's been a long time since he's been near a man he's taken an interest in and starts acting like that.
“All of which is to say that, uh, my mom was unhappy, even with Sam and me around, even though she loved us, and she was exhausted... So while the divorce process wasn't over she left home, she walked away... And I hated her for it, because to me it meant... if she loved us she would stay.” He shakes his head with a humorless half smile, soon replaced by a grimace to himself. “John didn't help to lessen that feeling. For the first few months he was a present father to me and Sam, he was there when she wasn't there, so when she tried to reconnect, I pushed her away. And I started to want more than ever to be so like my father, to imitate his way, to like the music that he liked, helping with the cars in the garage… But then, things started to change, both on his part and mine, even though I wanted to ignore it.”
“Bad nickname. Better not mention it tonight, she's pregnant.” Jo speaks lightly, but Dean is startled.
**************************
And something in Castiel's expression must have hinted to Dean that his stomach was about to drop, as Dean quickly adds.
“Kisses, beers, movies…” Dean recites as he pulls away. "I think I'm pretty happy with what I have tonight."
"I accept bacon." Eileen says.
"Damn, my intention was to piss you off." Dean responds, teases, and Cas smiles with his eyes closed.
Castiel was born on a Thursday, and therefore, he was convinced that this was a day destined for the greatest misfortunes of his life. Dean never had strong feelings about the days of the week, he just enjoyed them when he could. But it happens to be on Thanksgiving Thursday, when the rest of the world seems to be asleep, the time they kissed, feeling with absolute certainty that they said
Between what must be embarrassment, tenderness mixed with amazement, Castiel bursts into laughter too, because he can't help but feel that he and Dean are two idiots, but they're two idiots standing there together. The two of them laugh and lean forward, Dean's forehead lightly hits Cas' chin, which drops his hat, and then Dean tilts his head up a little… Not realizing the 'how' something just happens. Dean slightly approaches his lips just below Castiel's, and Cas responds, searching for Dean's with more certainty, finding them open…They start kissing, and it seems simpler than any fear would have predicted. It's more careful than Dean had imagined his first kiss with Castiel would be, if they were ever going to kiss. Then he feels Cas' fingers on his neck, caressing it, and everything keeps happening, without them overthinking it, just being.
“Nothing of Robin or Cassie for you. You're lucky one didn't even live here, and the two didn't come back… Although Cassie…” After watching Dean's reaction, a little wobbly at the mention of the name, Jo trails off.
"I'm your Huckleberry." It was the dumbest thing he could say, but it was the only thing that came to his mind, letting it escape through his mouth intelligibly.
"You play?" Cas asks Dean.
“Now it's explained…” Sam says quietly. “You must be Cas… Castiel, I mean. Unless it's okay for me to call you Cas, uh, I feel like I already know you…”
"Ellen brought me hot chocolate." Cas says quietly, taking the mug at his side before starting to get up properly.
“It turned out that Sam only broke one arm. I needed surgery, which earned me that scar, but we were very lucky that night. My mom used to say that angels were watching over us, and at that time I believed it. If something more serious had happened to Sam... I would never have forgiven myself… Not that I..." He trails off.
over her shoulder.
Dean is taken aback and falters before playing calm.
Dean shifts uncomfortably.
"It's the Angel of Thursday, a variation, he said." Krissy replies absently.
meant
The night Dean found his old friends at the RoadHouse, he was given a confirmation and a reminder of this achievement. Among them was Nancy Fitzgerald, and he remembers when the two studied together in Lawrence. She was always very Catholic, Dean hadn't even come out to himself yet, but he already thought she could be a problem, that maybe it wasn't very safe to approach her. But after Dean's car accident, Nancy came to visit him in Lebanon, that's when he stopped to talk to her, and she was kind, even though at the time he and other people made some jokes about her being religious, and seem to live it. She explained to him that she had faith, the role that God, Jesus, church, preaching and prayer played in her life. When Dean asked her what she thought about gays and sin, to test it, as he still had so many doubts and resistances within himself, and his fears were even greater in front of my friends, Nancy simply said that she couldn't judge anyone, that it wasn't her place to cause pain when she followed a word that spread love to each other, because everyone deserved love. Their conversation continued, and in the end Dean said that his mom wasn't the church-going type, but that she always asked the angels to protect his family, to which Nancy smiled. Since then, Nancy had earned a place of affection among the friends Dean had in his time between Lebanon and Lawrence.
“What…” Cas tilts his head.
"I used to like that crusty son of a bitch...before that." Lee says with less attempt at humor this time.
Dean responds as he chews his lunch with his mouth full.
Dean holds his serious expression for a second, while Cas blinks, not understanding, until Dean breaks the bewilderment with a big smile, and Cas throws a pillow in his face.
“Yeah, you were… Hell you're wrong! You saw something that seemed too complicated to deal with and didn't even want to give it a chance?” A part of the 17-year-old he was, resonates with disappointment. When Dean speaks again, still holding Lee's blue eyes, a part of him senses some relief, although what was broken will always stay in the same state. "But let me make it clear, I didn't give up on you, I didn't give up on what we had… And now it's gone, it’s done."
"So Eileen texted me from the bus station." Sam comments wanting to reassure Dean. “She said they were going back to Lebanon. Then, uh, I think her cell ran out of battery.”
"And he sings... Or he sang... Before his muse fled Kansas." She says it's nothing. Dean throws daggers with his eyes in Pam's direction, she doesn't seem to flinch. “Speaking of him, do you know that Lee has returned to Lawrence? I went to play at Swayze's Bar last week, and he was there… Apparently now that his father has died, he has taken over…”
Dean keeps his voice calm.
“Cas, relax. Nobody's coming here at this hour and besides, we're leaving in three days. No one has to worry about us turning this place into our private night bar. Our gay bar in Lebanon, Kansas.” Dean laughs and leans in to kiss Cas, who seems to have given in more.
“Hey buddy, what are you thinking? You're quieter than usual.” Dean speaks from behind the couch, passing Castiel a beer. Instead of joining him, Castiel hears Dean's footsteps walking away, but he doesn't turn his face to follow him.
“You're by my side, Cas…” Dean closes his eyes, his lips very close to Cas's face.
"How dare you, man?!" Dean almost yells but feels out of breath. “I never said anything about it, nothing about breaking up with you to be with someone else… And you weren't out, Lee! I was just out to my family and some friends, we were just acting like us usually…”
"I have to agree with this one." Benny says pointing to Charlie and then Dean. "You guys are friends, you clearly have feelings for him... He seems to care about you, if you talk about it at least you'll know how he feels about it and the rest you can find out later."
He says, posture straight, like they haven't had a moment… Wait, did they have a moment? Dean notices Castiel's blue eyes again, as if seeing them for the first time in a lifetime, brighter and more alive, the color of his vest further accentuating the color of those eyes. Of course Dean had noticed them before, big and beautiful, but now it's like every part of Castiel's face, his expression, his voice, his name… It all came together to introduce this seemingly a little shy guy, but devastatingly handsome in that ordinary place just to make Dean's day better, or more panic-filled.
***********************************************
"Hey brother!" Benny greets him as he approaches. "Charlie and…?"
Not knowing where to start, Dean takes another two, three sips of his beer, which should answer Cas's question.
Dean glares at her, but he bumps into one of the shelves, where magazines were laid out, and he tries to grab everything quickly and place it on the counter, then feels his face redden. Damn it! He was so confident… How did things get out of hand like that, when all he wanted was to buy a few snacks and maybe flirt without commitment with the cute guy behind the counter?
is a really good song?"
"I called." Jo doesn't flinch. "She'll be here too... Get ready, because she'll flirt with you, as usual..."
Cas says, staring at Dean.
Cas lets out a dry, humorless laugh, sighs and squints his eyes, still closed. One of Dean's hands slides and stops on top of his hand, which makes him stop squeezing his own fingers. It's reassuring, but it also freezes Cas for a moment.
“I'm going to be here in LA for a while. You won't believe it, well actually you have no reason not to believe it… I'm going to direct my first movie.” He says with raised eyebrows and a big smile.
" She says with a new smile, but this time the look she throws is for Dean.
"I-- uh, I'd also like to think we're pretty serious." Dean whispers as an affectionate pat to Cas, whose face lights up as he squeezes Dean's hand once. He can't exactly measure how they feel about each other, and he still needs to put some words in the right place. However, there is also no specific parameter to determine how much love is enough for it to survive, for a while, for years or maybe forever… What makes love strong enough to flourish and resist mistakes made along the way? But for today "pretty serious" seems the exact measure of what Castiel needs to know.
Cas replies, pausing to take a sip of his hot chocolate.
Nora smiles at Castiel and turns to go back into her house as he goes out through the gate. Castiel isn't quite sure he deserves that kind of consideration after taking her out of her date. But now he has to face Dean, who keeps waiting for him, after offering him a ride again… And Castiel thought about refusing, but he seemed so sincere and willing, and it's Dean... It's certainly not how he'd want to spend the night with the most beautiful, caring man he's met in months, years... Maybe in his whole life. Therefore it's not his fault that Dean Winchester makes it hard to refuse his company.
Dean hushes him with a kiss. “You tell me later. After Christmas. Right now, I promised you we’d build a snowman, so — let’s go build a goddamn snowman, huh?” he suggests, but he pulls Castiel impossibly closer to him, buries his face in his neck, and tries so hard to engrain the scent so deep into his memory that even when he’s wiped, it’ll still linger. He hopes that someday, between the time Cas leaves and comes back, he’ll get a whiff of this scent — off his own clothes, off of Sam’s old ones, he doesn’t care. He just hopes that something within him can recognize it and take comfort in it.
"Cas?" Dean's voice cracks as he speaks, tightening his grip on Cas even more. "I really fucking missed you."
Dean let a few more tears slip down his cheeks before rolling over to tuck himself against Cas’ back, like he does every night.
right now, so he drags Cas over to join the group.
Dean grabs on to Cas' hand even though he knows he doesn't really need to, and suddenly, he can't hold his eyelids open any longer.
Cas turns back to him, burp rag in hand (he chose the one covered in little bees, of
Cas doesn’t see a reason to lie. It’s not like Dean remembers his own name at the moment, let alone Cas’. So he answers, “The angel's name was Castiel. The human was called Dean.
The second time is about 2 weeks after the first, and they're back at home in the bunker. Living with Cas is proving to be quite a feat for Dean. Seeing him walk around with his messy, unkempt, slept-on hair all the time was making Dean weak in the knees. Not to mention, they still hadn't gotten around to buying Cas clothes of his own, so he was just borrowing things from Sam and Dean. Usually Dean, though, which Dean certainly took note of.
She’s holding a very bloody Cas. Dean’s heart drops as he takes Cas from her arms, leaving the door open so she can follow him if she wants. He doesn’t give a shit who she is — it’s probably just Brooke, and she’s helped Cas get back home safe, so whatever. Fuck it. He hauls a barely-conscious Cas into the bathroom and props him up against the wall, ripping his shirt open to get a better look at his wounds. Fuck. He’s covered in blood.
He doesn’t let go. Neither of them do. In fact, Dean scoots closer to Cas and their thighs are pressed together. Cas looks down at where their bodies are touching, and it’s a good thing that he doesn’t need to breathe to survive, or he’d be slumped over in the driver’s seat of his pickup right now.
Cas beams. Like, absolutely beams. His eyes are so bright that Dean’s not so sure he didn’t just see a flash of angelic grace. "I'd liked that." He picks up their food wrappers and throws them in the trash can beside Dean’s door. He pulls the chair out from Dean’s desk, but Dean clears his throat.
Anna grins at him and waggles her eyebrows, and he has to laugh at her. She walks over to him and bends down, cupping his cheeks and kissing him square on the mouth.
Cas smiles against his skin, trails kisses further down his abdomen. Dean lifts one leg up, pressing his foot flat to the mattress so his knee is in the air. Cas takes ahold of his other leg, right around his calf, and moves it so it’s in the same position. Dean’s heart stutters in his chest. It’s almost like—
After a few moments, Dean snuggles down into Cas’ chest and sighs. “Try to get some sleep, Cas.”
Cas finishes first, and he waits for Dean. He sips at his coffee until Dean is done too, and then he takes both plates to the sink. "You go throw your bedding in the washing machine, I'll get soap and buckets and sponges. I'll meet you in the garage." Cas turns toward the Bunker's garage after that and makes his way out to set up.
“Done,” Dean says against his lips. Jack yawns where he lays in both of their arms, and Dean looks down to grin at him. “I think someone’s sleepy again,” he says. “Come on. Next lesson: diapers. He’ll need a new one before he sleeps.”
Dean stops where he is, he’s got Cas’ feet in the leg holes, but he hasn’t gotten any farther than that. “I know,” he nods, and he starts to pull the boxers up to Cas’ knees for him. He lets his hands linger, he takes his time. He could be quicker about this, he knows. And he doesn’t allow himself to think about the fact that Cas is sitting here in front of him naked. He can’t let his mind go there right now. This isn’t just about helping Cas get dressed, it’s about being here for him and trying to make him feel a little better.
For now, he needs to get Cas in some warm clothes. He unlocks the car and roots around in the backseat until he comes up with both of their bags. Dean had done some digging around in the trunk, and he’d found one of Sam’s old bags. Cas is older than Sam was the last time he wore these, but they’re clothes that he’d had to buy the kid after his first real growth spurt. They fit Cas just fine, and a couple of the shirts are even a little too big on him. It works, though. It’s fine. Dean slings both bags over his shoulder and heads inside. He checks twice to make sure he locked the door behind himself, and he makes his way up the stairs.
"I don't know who I am without you. The same way I don't know who I am without Sammy. My life doesn't make sense without you in it, man. And I'm not good at this, I'm not good at feeling my emotions, and I'm even worse at expressing them, but-"
Dean kisses his cheek just as Cas drops his arms from around Dean’s waist. “What’s for breakfast?” he asks, smiling like he doesn’t have a care in the world.
Cas nods his head as he slides into the passenger side, running his hands over the leather seats. “Yes, very much so.”
It’s going to take Sam and Rowena at least twenty minutes to get back to them. Cas just has to keep Dean safe and alive for the next twenty minutes and everything will be fine again. He’s done harder things. He can do this.
stupid. He’s lying about it being something Cas did.
That night, when the clock strikes midnight, Dean has Cas spread out below him and moaning his name. Dean glances to the clock and leans down to press a deep kiss to Cas’ lips. “Happy twentieth, Sweetheart,” he breathes, and sinks into Cas.
They expand out so far that the tips of them touch each side of the room. Cas nods his head and Dean reaches up to feel the feathers along the very top, gently as to not disrupt the pattern in which they lay.
“Claire,” Cas starts, and he puts the envelope on the table between their plates. “We have something we have to talk to you about.”
makes his dick twitch and he nods his head. Then, sloppy and out of practice, Dean takes Cas into his mouth. It’s still the best thing Cas thinks he’s ever felt. He grabs a handful of the crumpled blankets beneath himself, and he bites off a groan.
Dean makes his rounds, wraps an arm around Garth and ruffles his hair. He pulls Charlie to his chest, kisses her temple, and lets her rest on him for a moment. She’s drunk, probably drunker than any of the rest of them, and Dean knows she likes to take moments to relax. After Charlie comes Anna, who wraps her arm tight around Dean’s shoulders and presses a kiss to his cheek. Dean smiles and holds her against him, rubbing her back. “Take care of Charlie, please. Make her take something before she sleeps, get her some water.”
“You sure you don’t want me to grow it out?” Dean says, his cheek pressed to Cas’ chest. It sounds slurred, like Dean might be on the verge of sleep.
Cas just smiles and lets out a contented hum. “I can’t show you my true face. I wish I could. It would burn you to ash, Dean, and I will
“Yours, too. You’ve been good, you’ve earned it,” Cas whispers against his lips, and getting Dean’s pants off turns out to be a lot easier. Dean just has to lift his hips and let Cas pull them down just below his knees. Dean kicks them the rest of the way off after that, and Cas leans down to start kissing down the very center of his throat.
Dean doesn’t think Cas is going anywhere.
Dean pulls back and settles next to Cas on the bed, turned on his side. Cas can’t move his torso without dislodging his bandaging, so he just turns his head. “I doubt it,” he starts, “Anna fell from grace. She made that choice. Mine was taken from me. I doubt they were kind enough to store it someplace where I might be able to get it back one day.”
When packing is said and done, Dean’s pretty sure he’s only packed two actual outfits that would be suitable for going outside in. The rest of it is just pajamas that he knows Cas is going to want to steal, but he’s okay with that. Counting on it, actually. Excited for it, even.
Cas lets out another sob and kisses Dean again, slow and languid through his tears. Dean kisses him right back, pressing their bare bodies into one another.
“I love you,” he tells Cas, as best he can through all of his shivering.
There’s a knock at the door.
expect is: “Will you come?”
“Where are you? And tell me what happened,” Cas demands, pulling off onto the shoulder of the road. There’s a good chance he’ll need to turn around.
Dean hums and sinks into the touch, and Cas lets his fingers trail upwards to rub at the hairs at the nape of Dean’s neck and he presses a soft kiss there, just below his ear.
“I don’t — I mean, it was just
Graciously, Cas drops Dean’s hand so that Dean can wrap his arms around his little brother. “Hey, Sammy,” Dean says. He’s taller now, even taller than he had been at Christmas. Dean rests his head on the shoulder of his big little brother, clinging to him until he can feel tears prick at his eyes, and then he decides it’s time to cut the shit before he starts bawling into his baby brother’s chest. He’s supposed to be taking care of Sam, not the other way around.
He doesn’t really have anything to say to that, actually, so he pinches Cas in the side.
Dean laughs, “Yeah. Cas put the fear of God into some poor nurse—“ he successfully doesn't laugh at his own joke, but Cas cracks a grin next to him, “—and she let us up to see Anna. Only for a couple of minutes.”
He has to know. He has to ask. “Dean?”
He leans forward and connects their lips, his fingers pressing into Cas’ hips. He knows there’s no severe bruising there, so he lets himself hold on tight. He lets one of his hands wrap around to press against the small of Cas’ back, and he pulls Cas closer to him.
Cas shrugs again, “I know. I like cooking. It’s soothing, and it smells good.
Dean says, throwing the last word out of his mouth loud enough for his mother to hear him. He hears her laugh and it makes him grin as he ducks back in to grab their bags. “I’ll show you up to my room, you can put your stuff down in there.”
John Winchester is long dead in real life, so he'll never get this chance again. He raises his fist and pops John square in the jaw, and he sees blood fly out of John's mouth as he brings a hand up to cradle his own jaw.
Dean stares. He keeps staring. And then he stares some more. He doesn’t know how long he sits there and stares. Then he laughs. He laughs harder than he has in
Dean reaches his hands down to grab at Cas' belt. He unbuckles it, and then unbuttons them, and then unzips them. His eyes flicker to Cas', and he just gets a furious nod in response. Dean's hands are swatted away after unzipping Cas' jeans, because Cas is
Dean swears to God he sees Cas’ eyes flicker to his lips. They’re back on his eyes in less than a second though, and he nods his head. “Yes,” he says. He doesn’t elaborate.
i started this at 4:00 in the morning, so if it sucks, it's not my fault. i know dean is all over the place and very back and forth in his emotions. that's intentional, even if it is out of character for him. hes just trying to be healthy and express his feelings more but it is HARD for him. anyways as always, thank u for reading and i hope you enjoyed it as much as i enjoyed writing it <3 also i dont know why im so obsessed with the idea of dean wearing joggers. his bowlegs would probably look absurd in them but i dont care. its fun for me so ill continue to make it a thing
Cas’ gaze softens and he squeezes Dean’s knee. “Thank you for inviting me,” he whispers, like he doesn’t trust himself to say the words with his full voice. Dean understands that all too well. He leans in and presses a kiss to Cas’ cheek. It lingers, and Dean can feel the scratch of Cas’ stubble against his lips long after he pulls away to start driving.
Leslie blinks at him a few times. She looks around her shop at all her various crystals — she has the most impressive collection they’ve seen so far, Dean can give her that — and she sighs. “Are you joking?”
Dean swallows. “Sure, yeah,” he says. He needs to talk to Anna anyways. She seems to know what’s going on, or at least she’s less shocked about it. Maybe she can explain.
Most, probably even Dean himself, believe that the torture of Hell is being on the rack. Castiel has only been once, and he hopes to never go back again, but they’re wrong. The real torture is throwing souls on the rack yourself. When Castiel had found Dean in Hell, he’d been able to see him before he’d been able to reach him. Every slice he made on another soul, three more appeared on his own. Castiel had ached then, he had ached with the longing to get his hands on the soul of the Righteous Man. The ache that he had felt then is both very different and nearly identical to the ache he feels now, pooling low in his belly and flowing out into his groin, rising into his chest.
okay? She’s sick, and she needs help. She’s getting it, and you have to leave her alone while she—while she recovers.”
Cas smiles. “I’d be happy to help, Dean,” he says. “When would you want to meet up to… study?” he asks, tilting his head.
“Obviously I didn’t listen. I painted a devil’s trap underneath every carpet in the house and I waited. When he showed up, I was ready. I have the only gun in existence that can kill one of these stupid bastards. I used it,” she admits. “Right there in Sammy’s nursery, I got him right between the eyes. John saw all of it. Every last bit of it. He held that over my head until the day he died.”
“Couldn't hurt,” he says. “My head is
Cas huffs, which tells Dean that he’s awake enough to be actually listening, which Dean knows means that he won’t be able to go back to sleep. Once Cas is awake, he’s up. “Fine,” he grumbles. “Only for you.”
“Well
Cas rolls his eyes. “I… want to remember this,” he says carefully. “I want to remember you. In the before.”
Once Cas has rounded the corner and is out of Dean's line of sight, Dean finally lets himself relax a little bit. He eventually trudges back to his room and shrugs the too-large leather jacket off of his shoulders. He hangs it back up in the closet and shoves it deep enough in there that it isn't visible when he opens the door. He crawls underneath the covers and suddenly, he's wide awake. His brain has decided that now is the perfect time to resume thinking about what was on his mind before Cas came back.
(See the end of the chapter for
to turn around.
Cas looks at him with hopeful eyes and squeezes back four times.
“I’ll let you get back to your buddy,” Sam says, and Dean can hear the stupid fucking smirk in his voice, but it still makes him smile.
Dean feels so small like this. Beneath Cas, covered by his wings, but not trapped. Only protected. Held. Loved. Cas presses his forehead to Dean’s and looks into his eyes as he pushes in. Dean stares up at him with wide eyes and an open mouth, his breaths coming short and quick. When Cas is fully inside of him, he wiggles his hips just barely in order to get him a tiny bit deeper.
He finally turns his head to look up at Cas, his eyes heavy with sleep. “You’re warm,” is all he says.
Once upon a time, Dean swore he’d never make modifications to this car. She came without seatbelts, and she’d stay that way. But once Jack came into the picture, once Dean had someone to worry about other than Sammy, suddenly seatbelts were, in fact, a very necessary modification. He couldn’t ride around with the kid unbuckled, could he?
He barely knows the guy and he’s doing everything he can just to see him smile. It’s fucking pathetic, is what it is. If you don’t count all the staring, he’s only been acquainted with him for all of half an hour. Even in such a short amount of time, Dean can tell that even when he isn’t actively trying to make Cas smile, his face is always relatively impassive. It feels good to elicit emotions from the guy, but Dean refuses to look to closely at that, because he’s
“But it is?” Cas asks quietly, with a broken sort of hopefulness that makes Dean ache down to his very bones.
"I'm so sorry, Cas. I know this has gotta be hard for you, man. I wish I could make it easier on you, somehow," Dean sighs, ignoring the sinking feeling in his stomach. Butterflies. He hates that term, really. It feels more like a massive school of fish, all thrashing around inside his stomach acid and flopping against each other. They're packed in there tight with no room to actually swim, only squirm and twitch.
Just as he thought, he’s the bait. Part of it, anyways. Dean takes his past self to the main event, the meeting with Lucifer. Cas doesn’t hear anything after that, he doesn’t die, he doesn’t know what becomes of himself. He doesn’t exist anymore. This isn’t who he is, he never becomes this. He ceases. He feels at peace.
Dean prays to him. Every night. Or, what would be night, back on Earth. He wonders how Dean could possibly have that good of an internal clock. Perhaps he has a routine, and he prays to Cas during one specific part of it. Cas doesn’t know, and he has no way to ask, and Dean isn’t very forthcoming in his prayers these days.
Dean moves his fingers a little faster now, twisting them slightly and scissoring them open to stretch Cas even more. He must do something right, because Cas jerks and lets out an "Oh!" when Dean twists his fingers in a new way.
Cas nods and flips the box open, pulling a slice out for himself and taking a very slow, hesitant bite. Dean frowns. He
They need to get him one of the pre-loaded ones, something cheap that Dean can use to call him in times like this.
Dean nods, and his eyes are watery again. No matter what kind of weird shit his mom might get up to with the jugs of water hidden under sinks and behind cleaning supplies, she loves him. That’s enough.
They both shrug, and Garth jerks his thumb over his shoulder. “Somewhere inside. We left her with Meg, I think they’re doing tequila shots? Not sure.”
who had said it.
Dean’s just some guy. He’s just someone who apparently had only been born to be a vessel to an archangel. He’s a guy who’s mother defied plans that Heaven formulated long before he was born. He grew up like most of his other friends, minus a father. He’d never even been mad about it. A lot of the time, he’d been
He tries to untangle his fingers from Cas’, but Cas clamps his fingers down. So, Dean’s stuck here. That’s fine. It’s not like it’s hurting anything or making him uncomfortable. He tries to go back to sleep, but his heart is racing a little too hard.
kissing and biting and sucking. Dean is sure that he's never going to be able to think about anything other than this again. Cas' hands on his hips, his lips on his neck. He can't think. He can barely breathe.
Deep breaths.  Cas forces the air in and out of his lungs at an average rate.  He needs to be calm for when he and Dean make their getaway.
“I always think of you first, Dean, it is my greatest fault,” he growls.  Dean’s chest starts to hurt, Cas’s words reverberating off of his ribs like an anvil. “And this is my repayment.  I am slandered for making my own decisions.
Two hours later, once Dean has scrubbed down the entire kitchen while trying to level out, he decides maybe it’s safe to go find Cas.
. “Some girl’s lingering spirit was performing miracles— I use that term loosely. She was once the vessel to an angel, so when she died, some part of her clung onto that idea. She was doing more harm than good though— with her miracles.”  Dean thinks about Cas and the burning grave. “So, so— what’s up with the Denver case?” A sweat breaks out on the back of his neck and chest.
Cas finds the book he was looking for and the two head out to the tunnel where the Impala’s parked.  Dean sees the title as he slides into his seat,
They never go back for him.
And their lips are pressed together again with a heat that would rival Hell. Hands are everywhere as both men try to pull each other closer.  Dean settles with wrapping his arms around Cas’s neck, angling Cas’s head so he can press his tongue deeper into his mouth.  He’s delirious with the thought of having some part of him in the angel. In return, Cas’s hands are around Dean’s waist, his fingers running up and down his spine, sometimes clawing at the muscles there.  Eventually those fingers find their way under Dean’s t-shirt as he’s nibbling along Cas’ bottom lip.
“I’ll take those.”
Castiel could feel Dean’s breath panting down his spine as his hips began to roll smoothly, Castiel’s own breath quickening as the ridge on the head of Dean’s dick skimmed over his sensitive rim over and over. Dean shifted up onto his hands, giving himself more room to move, to press harder and Castiel shifted back into him, skin breaking out into gooseflesh.
(See the end of the chapter for
“They tried to reprogram me.”
Dean cringed. “Oh.” He looked back up at the ceiling.
The cat’s head tilted, blue eyes squinting as one ear twitched. It was extremely unnerving.
to anyone. And I don’t wanna see your face when I get back.”
“So… I exploded my mug-“
“If your life is in danger, all commands are null and void.”
compared to anything else that has ever happened to us.”
Suddenly he wasn’t holding a cat anymore but had his hands pressed against smooth skin, and he felt Cas’ arms curl under his to keep him upright. His heart was thundering in his chest, eyes streaming, and when he felt a warm palm on his forehead, his throat closed.
That afternoon, Dean was elbow deep in the engine of an old Ford pickup when he felt a tickle at the base of his throat. He cleared it, giving a soft cough before focusing again, but soon his nose began to burn, and he fought the urge to rub at it with his grease-stained hands. When his eyes began to sting, he stretched to eyeball the cap on the coolant, but it was still twisted on. Movement out of the corner of his eye made him look up.
Dean drug his thumb down over the stubble of his chin, brushed Cas’ Adams apple, feeling it bob. He pressed his fingertips flat against Cas’ sternum, applying enough pressure to challenge him before he turned his hand and allowed his knuckles to skim over the delicate skin below Cas’ belly button.
“Sure, Cas.” Dean’s tongue darted out, following the touch but unable to taste it on his skin.
“Of course, Dean.”
“I think a Familiar is
“Why would they take him?” Dean squinted at his boots, one hand hanging in the air.
Castiel’s low chuckle made Dean’s chest feel warm and he lifted his head, trying to see around the side of the dryer.
I had a whole scene with Dean getting a (female) high-class escort in Denver that went before this but after I wrote the entire fucking thing it felt overly indulgent and kind of unnecessary to get her/him in (truck)bed with Cas.
Cas’ eyes were streaming, the blue of them so startling it nearly took Dean’s breath away, his fingers aligning over Castiel’s pulse point which was thrumming faster than a hummingbird’s wing. Dean could hear the squeak of Castiel’s teeth as they ground together, sweat breaking out across his brow and suddenly he was gone. In his place was the fluffy black cat shaking its head her short jerks, large ears flapping.
Sam huffed, looking away, lips pressed into a thin line before he shook his head, tonguing at his back molar. “Yeah. Well, me saying yes was the only way to get
Dean rested his elbows on the bar top, leaning over to try and catch the bartender’s eye.
Dean pulled back panting, green eyes translucent in the early morning light. He reached between them, fingers trailing down Castiel’s balls making him shiver. Castiel grabbed the pillow next to him and lifted his hips, attempting to shove it under him and Dean gave an appreciative hum as he guided his dick forward.
Castiel frowned. “I do not understand that reference but their goal is to retrieve Michael from the cage.”
anymore. My superior, Zachariah, he… wants to see if your vessel can be used without possession by one of Michael’s brothers. Likely Raphael though he didn’t say.”
The other man frowned. “You’re asking me?”
Dean stood up straight and
The sun was still only half risen and Dean’s hips were screaming but the kiss he planted on Castiel left nothing to the imagination. Castiel’s arms wrapped tight around Dean’s back, crushing their chests together, sealing them with the mess on their bellies. Dean pressed his cheek to Castiel’s shoulder, breathing in the scent of sweat and sex on his skin, eyes drifting to the alarm clock.
Dean plopped down onto the bale next to him, hands full of treats which he promptly started handing over to Castiel. “That’s cast iron brewed hot chocolate, a state fair favorite. I got a candied apple to share - shut up and take at least one bite, I know you don’t like apples but humor me here - kettle corn, some taffy, and of course,” Dean dipped a hand into his jacket, producing a beat-up old flask, “some ‘shine to keep us warm.” Dean wiggled his eyebrows and Castiel rolled his eyes, but a smile was tugging at his lips. “You got the blanket from the car right?”
“Are you okay?” His voice was worried and Castiel blinked, feeling his eyelashes brush against the hair of his arms.
fuck anybody before I get back.” Castiel thought he heard him mutter something about “stupid fucking rules.”
Castiel raised his eyebrows. “That’s dangerous, Dean. She could lose more than-”
Castiel wiggled to comply, careful not to kick Dean as he struggled onto his back. Once he got his legs on either side of Dean’s hips, Dean fell over him, mouth capturing Castiel’s in a fiery kiss that had Castiel’s ankles curling around Dean’s calves, hands grabbing his ass to pull him in closer.
A gasp tore from his throat, the sound of it almost delicate as he clamored up onto all fours and looked down at the dainty hands that were attached to thin wrists and small arms that held a particular whipcord strength. He immediately fumbled under his shirt, gasping as his palms closed around sizable breasts, nipples hardening instantly. He was a C-Cup easily. Delighted, he shoved a hand down his pants.
Dean blinked. “You’re… a demon?”
“Not particularly, but I’ve been wrong before.” Castiel didn’t see Dean’s scowl because he had pulled his shirt over his head. “I already know where you live, Dean.”
Castiel’s hand grasped Dean’s wrist, holding it tightly, and Dean felt his mouth fill with saliva, suddenly desperate to taste him. His attempt to wiggle closer was halted by Cas laying his other hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“I’m on a bit of sugar high. Makes me sentimental,” Dean grinned bringing his cup to his lips and sipping. “Also I love you and it’s starting to get disgusting.”
Dean didn’t want to ask, digging back into the engine but found he couldn’t stop himself. “And when will that be?”
“‘ey, Cas?”
Dean peeked over his shoulder and recognized a guy from town, not half bad looking for a dude. Dean gave him a smirk. “Hey yourself.”
“Oh shut up.” Dean scrunched his nose at her. “Cas? Whatdya say?”
“They took Cas! I’ve been trying to-“
“You wanna explain what that was all about?”
you doing it.”
Becky’s arms had curled against her chest, hands tangled together as she nodded, lowering her head in shame. Dean sighed, resting a hand on her shoulder before he pressed a reassuring kiss to her forehead and turned toward the office again.
Sam snorted. “Oh you’re terrifying as always, sis. It just inspires a completely different reaction.”
Rowena’s face was pinched as she smiled down the bench at the Warlock. “The Coven has already made its decision on the matter, Cato.”
“If I’d known topping would make you come that hard I would have let you do it sooner.”
“Cas.” Dean’s voice was muffled as Castiel redoubled his grip around his shoulders, ankles still locked at his lower back trapping him rather effectively. Dean sighed, his warm breath causing goosebumps to pebble up on Castiel’s neck. “At least lemme get my boots off.”
The thudding continued and Castiel let his head fall back, heaving a weary sigh as he attempted to find the opening in the plastic. He growled, eventually just swatting and punching at it until he was able to get through.
Castiel whined but did as he was bid, Dean lifting his body weight and slipping a hand between Castiel and the mattress. Dean maneuvered the other man’s erection so it was pointed down, trapped between soft sheets and his warm thighs before pressing Castiel back down into the mattress, Castiel’s chest rumbling pleasurably. Dean’s own cock nestled against the crack of Castiel’s ass, dribbling precum so that after a few rolls of his hips he was able to glide slickly against the crease.
“Yeah,” Dean looked down, licking his lips at the sight of his own nipples through his shirt. “Gotta hit Victoria Secret.”
Dean jumped, nearly breaking his neck to look over his shoulder, and scrambled away, but it was only Cas, sitting with his back to the footboard of the bed in one of Sam’s Stanford sweatshirts that Dean absolutely had not stolen and flannel sleep pants with a bunch of hot dogs all over them that Dean had gotten from Becky last Christmas as a gag gift. Dean suddenly realized he’d been lying with his head in Cas’ lap.
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean groaned, pressing his needy erection against the back of Castiel’s thigh as his other hand reached between Castiel’s legs.
Dean huffed and ran a hand through his hair. “They never gave a shit about me before! I’m basically just a green thumb on steroids.” Dean crossed his arms over his chest, fists in his armpits. “Sam was the real Harry Potter. Ran off to the Assembly Academy and danced naked under the full moon with all the other weirdos at 18. Dad was
“In fact, I’m gonna roll over right now and let you have a private moment before the change happens.” Dean made a show of rolling over, shoving an arm under his pillow as he turned his head to holler over his shoulder. “Because lord knows with your skills an orgasm ain’t happening after you turn female.”
“Does he though?” Dean squinted over at his brother, his voice going high with doubt and one side of Sam’s lips tipped up.“He’s not even a real Familiar he’s half-demon, half-angel.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Then get some
“I could make you come like this…” Castiel sighed and Dean shivered, eyes rolling back in his head as Cas’ tongue snaked its way back inside him.
“If you can’t control your power, how do you expect to wield it?”
“No, lesser beings are ours to do with as we see fit.” Zachariah sat back in his chair and folded his hands over his stomach.
“Forgot? Lucky you.” Dean took a stuttered step forward but halted when Castiel didn’t move, stopping short of bumping into him. Dean didn’t want to see what body to body contact did if it could make awkward Becky Rosen feral enough to fuck on Dean’s desk.
“Come back to bed.”
“Doesn’t feel like you like it.”
Dean was distracted by a strange sense of displeasure, suddenly disgruntled in a way that didn’t feel natural to him. He was - his brow creased - offended, without understanding why. Dean’s eyes met Castiel’s again, and he was caught in a stormy blue stare.
“Location is unimportant,
When his eyes sunk closed, he was running through the stacks, swiping fireflies out of his face as he broke for the porch. Skidding into the kitchen, he saw a giant stockpot bubbling away, one of the great tall ones used to boil lobsters, and he grit his teeth, grabbing both handles to lift it from the flames. He managed to scoot it to another burner with some effort, fingers trembling as he flicked the burner off.
“What’s happened to you?”
Castiel’s hand rested against his sternum, radiating warmth through his body, and a sense of calm began to weave itself into his consciousness. Dean almost felt drugged, his forehead smearing sweat against Castiel’s pectoral, stubble rasping against a nipple, and Dean felt Cas’ pulse of arousal tug in his own groin. He moaned softly, the thin cotton fuzz of his oxygen-depleted brain leaving him listless and needy, a hand lifting to curl over Cas’ shoulder.
“You’d need a unanimous vote to overturn it, and I highly doubt everyone on this council would risk losing their liberty to railroad a single witch of the first degree. Never mind how powerful his brother is.” Castiel winced when Dean’s jaw clenched even though Castiel was still looking at Cato. “Was.”
“How do you
Dean’s hips stilled. “W-what?”
His vision was splotchy at best, and he was confused by the tall brunette following them, her hand planted on the shoulder blade below Dean’s own hand. When was the last time he’d been carried? She watched a few locals step up to Winston, who was on the floor, cradling his broken wrist and screaming obscenities at them. Dean shivered, arms tightening, and the hand on his thigh squeezed, the one splayed between his shoulder blades moving up to dig into his hair, and he turned his face into his savior’s neck, breathing in the clean scent of skin and rain.
Sam laughed despite himself. “Oh yeah? And what about me?”
“Dean!”
“Dean Winchester cannot be held in Hell.”
“I-I-I’d prefer you not… in my bed…naked…” Dean’s voice was weak to his own ears, the hazy memory of how he got to bed trying to clarify itself, but all he got was a furious sense of longing. “Are you fucking doxing me with pheromones?”
The low rumble of Castiel’s voice brought Dean back to some semblance of coherency. He shook his head and pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes. “What are you
Sam’s voice was stern, and Dean felt his spine straighten, catching Castiel’s posture stiffening as well. A memory of Mary Winchester played in his mind, her pulling his tiny three-year-old body back against her chest as his ball disappeared under the wheels of a pick-up rolling down their street.
“God, you’re fucking hot. You should see yourself, Cas. Taking three fingers like you’re gonna take my dick.”
Dean let out a sharp yelp and, without meaning to, the mug exploded in his hand, hot coffee and ceramic shards raining down on his bare feet. What followed happened so fast he didn’t even have time to react. One second he was bracing himself for first-degree burns; the next, the mug was back in his hand, whole, its contents steaming.
Dean swallowed hard. “Uh…”
Dean pressed fingers hard between his eyes, wanting to sink inside himself but didn’t dare with that
Dean snorted, hacking a bit on the mucus at the back of his throat. “Yeah, no. I gotta finish rewiring this thing.”
Dean dumped his breakfast onto a waiting plate. “Look, thanks for the offer, but I’m a little old for Hogwarts. Tell the Assembly whatever you want but leave me out of it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It was with slow, gentle undulations of his hips that Dean slowly became undone, the sensation of being filled to the brim, of Cas’ hands moving up and down his back. He could hear the half-demon’s breath becoming more labored, his voice beginning to pitch higher and Dean leaned back to look him in the face. Castiel’s eyes seemed to glow in the growing dawn and Dean wasn’t sure if it was something angelic or just a trick of the light. Dean lifted his lips a little higher and let them drop back down, the resulting sound of flesh meeting flesh making him shiver in pleasure so he did it again.
Dean and Cas have visitors. The God-Squad doesn't know what hit 'em.
“Are you ready?” Castiel asked and Dean glanced to his eyes, watching as Castiel took deep breaths in and out, mouth slightly parted as if scenting him but his eyes were returning to their more human shape and color.
“You need to rest. You’ve had a trying day.”
Dean let his knuckles brush against Cas’ tailbone, along the seam of his ass and against his balls, feeling their warmth and weight. Cas’ head fell forward as he shifted on his feet, arching his back and Dean couldn’t stop himself from smudging his thumb against the tight muscle between his cheeks.
“I’ve been assigned by the Ethereal Assembly to be your Familiar.”
Dean finally asks for some sisterly advice and Castiel provides much-needed relief.
Anybody else paying $10/month just to ignore all of Grammarly's suggestions?
“Part of the Familiar thing is you have to do what I tell you. You said that. I give you an order; you obey.” Dean’s eyes were cast down, but he felt Castiel’s suspicion skitter down his spine. Dean rubbed his tongue against the roof of his mouth, sour now as Castiel’s mood.
Sam’s eyes bugged out of his head. “What?” His voice shot up an octave as he turned red to the roots of his hair. “Why were you
Dean blinked hard, watching Castiel’s lips twitch in the barest hint of a smile before turning serious again. Their hands met, fingers aligning, and Dean jumped as his sweaty, calloused palm met the smooth, dry skin of Castiel’s. They stood there for a beat, holding each other’s gaze while absolutely nothing happened.
“You’re a… a…” Dean struggled, trying not to let his eyes wander down Castiel’s body. He couldn’t see much because of the ill-fitting suit and trench coat, but Dean had a pretty good imagination.
Castiel gave a discontented grumble, unwrapping himself from Dean who pulled himself to his feet, grinning as he watched Castiel roll over and crawl sleepily across the mattress, flopping onto his stomach once his body was fully supported even if his legs were hanging off from his calves down. Dean reached over his head, pulling off his shirt for good measure and Castiel’s ear turned towards him at the sound of Dean's belt jingling.
Dean wandered down to the garage then walked the perimeter of the property, huffing cloudy breaths as his boots crunched over gravel and slush. There was no disturbance in the wards on the garage or his home, the protections around the garden were intact. As he stood at the edge of the north-most plot he stopped and listened. Everything was calm, seemingly safe as houses, just no Cas.
Sam!”
“You think you’re getting sex after waking me up at 7:30 in the morning on my day off?” Castiel’s voice was incredulous, his head turning to the side to rest against the mattress, but his hand was still squeezing at Dean’s ass.
“‘m real tired, Cas.”
The unicorn balloon, which had been hovering near the window, gusted toward the kitchen as the heat kicked on, seeming to trail Dean into the space. Castiel thought he heard Dean mumble something that sounded like “She’s fine; I’ll tell you later” as he opened the cabinet above the fridge. Dean pulled down a glass jar of what appeared to be loose leaf tea and scooped some into one of those mini-envelopes that keys come in. His mouth was set in a grim line as he advanced back into the living room.
“What’s going on?”
Dean hissed as his toes hit the cool tile, hand flicking to lift the toilet seat. He let his head hang back as he relieved himself, and when he opened his eyes again, he jumped, the toilet seat slamming with a loud smack. He glared hard at the balloon in the doorway as he tucked himself away.
“Would you stop?” Dean asked from where he was sprawled across his bed, and Sam glared at him, pausing in his packing.
“Dean,” Castiel’s voice was calmer this time, and Dean gave a shuddering breath as he felt Castiel’s hand slip under his hair and cup the back of his neck.
“Mission?”
“No, the entire second-floor shaking woke me up.”
“You can be a cat if you want. I don’t mind.” Dean’s eyelids fluttered heavily and before he realized what he was doing his body was plastered to Castiel’s side, soft cock laying on Cas’ thigh.
Dean’s eyes were weary, tilting his head to glance at the man’s palm before slotting his hand into Castiel’s grip. As soon as their skin touched, it was as if they’d been sealed together, bodies jerking backward like the connection was simultaneously trying to blow them apart and hold them together. The air was electric, lights flickering and a gust of air from nowhere sent a carefully sorted stack of invoices fluttering around the room.
The unicorn merely stared back at him, its long string slithering off the couch.
“Don’t laugh, Cas,
“Wait a minute.” Cato held up a hand, leaning forward as Dean opened his mouth. “Shake hands.”
“You know I was gonna warm it up first but now…”
Dean was under the hood of a late model sedan when he felt a shift in the air that made the hair on the back of his neck stand up. He rested his hands on the frame, tilting his head to glance towards the front of the shop, eyes narrowing infinitesimally. The kid he hired for the front desk was visible through the tempered glass but whoever he was talking to wasn’t. Jack smiled at something the visitor said, then laughed, brushing at his shoulder as a mylar balloon bumped against him from behind.
“But they give you nightmares. So, you’re scared.”
So he lobbed the can hard, maybe too hard because it made a satisfying
Then he was
“You’ve never summoned me before.”
There in the parking lot, standing in the slush as fat snowflakes fell was Rowena in a red sparkling evening gown, and at her side in the ratty trench coat and oversized suit was Castiel. Dean was out the door in an instant, nearly took a header down the stairs in his haste and the door to the shop nearly blew off its hinges as it swung open to let him out.
Dean snorted in derision. “Well, you’re doing something because-“Dean didn’t finish, just gestured to the visible lump in the front of his jumpsuit. “And I’m straight as a fucking arrow, my friend.”
“I will, in fact, not be able to set foot outside this apartment,” Castiel gave him a wan smile before rolling his eyes.
He jumped feeling the bed shake under him, the whole house shake really, and he flopped back against his pillows with a sigh. The heavy thuds continued as he managed to pull himself out of bed and trundled down the stairs on sleep-heavy legs, eyes burning with fatigue. He paused outside the plastic sheeting covering the entrance to the front room, the noise even louder now that he was at the source.
Castiel leaned into the touch even as Dean took it away. “I still have a headache. But I can’t tell if it’s from the reprogramming or-“
by the way.” Rowena scoffed. “There’s a hearing tomorrow morning before the Ethereal Assembly to address the theft of your Familiar.”
Castiel’s breath came in white clouds as he made his way out to the garden just before dawn. He navigated his way through the stacks, eyes glowing softly in the shadows, barely light enough to see by. When he came to the break in the stacks he stopped at the boundary of the protection spell, eyes sweeping the open space with its small garden of herbs and vegetables. He really needed to have a conversation with Dean about mixing his spell ingredients and his snacks.
“Goddammit!”
“Dean.”
“Mmm.” Dean shivered, pressing himself against the fly of Castiel’s boxer briefs and Castiel’s back arched a sigh of contentment passing his lips as Dean lost himself in rutting against him for a few moments.
“O-oh.” There was a pause before Dean huffed a laugh. “Yeah, you like that don’t you, baby?”
Dean wiggled his arms to fold them over the pillows and dropped his head onto them. His head shot up a second later. Wait a minute…
“You’re ready, I saw to it.” Castiel rubbed against him and Dean could feel his muscle twitching as if trying to catch Castiel and pull him in.
“How-“Dean cut himself off abruptly as he took in Castiel’s bare shoulders and chest, getting to the dark smattering of hair descending from his navel before he swung his gaze to the ceiling.” You’re naked again.”
to consent?”
He shushed Castiel as he wrangled him into a bear hug that Castiel couldn’t help but melt into, Dean’s body overly warm from exertion smelling of deodorant, sawdust and sweat. Dean’s chin rested atop Castiel’s head, stubble catching in his hair. Dean nuzzled at his crown. Castiel’s body sagged against him, arms against Dean’s chest and he dipped his head to rest his cheek against the base of Dean’s throat, chin sitting on his closed fists. Dean swayed them back and forth, the gentle movement lulling Castiel into a half doze.
“I’m not gonna ask you again.” The threat was out of Dean’s mouth before he realized he was going to say it and his brows creased at the realization that Castiel had reacted before Dean’s threat had even passed through his mind.
“Good thing we’re watching Nightmare on Elm Street then.” Dean shimmed happily, sipping at his hot chocolate and Castiel wiggled as he whined.
The pulse of adrenaline that tightened his pores broke over him like a wave as the giant cartoon eyes of the unicorn balloon peeked in at him. It attempted to nudge its way into the room, buoyed back by the door only to bump against it once more, finally squeezing in. Dean dropped his head, heaving a sigh and chuckling at himself before throwing the blanket back and swinging his feet over the side of the bed. He glanced at his alarm clock, seeing that it was a little after three a.m., and rubbed his face hard before standing and ambling around the bed towards the bathroom. He socked the ballon right in its stupid rainbow horn as he passed, and his fist left an indentation that made the unicorn look cross-eyed and somehow stern.
Dean scowled. “Fuck you. It’s because you’re a sex demon. I can’t control it. Just like poor Becky down there. Jesus.” Dean rubbed a hand over his face. “Kid needed to get laid but not like
“In the eyes of the Grand Coven and the Ethereal Assembly, he
Dean killed that girl. The realization caused a lump to form in his throat and he managed to stagger over to the lazy-boy, body tumbling into it like a sack of cement. He had to think, but even approaching the outskirts of his mind opened the door on that blood-curdling scream.
is STILL one of the most hilarious comedy specials I've ever seen.
“Dean,” Castiel’s hand fell on his shoulder, and despite the layer of fabric between them, Dean felt the touch like it was a live wire. Warmth flooded him, and he was overwhelmed by images of skin and hands. Then it was gone, replaced by a soft. “Sorry. “
“My offer still stands.” The demon’s eyes flicked to black when Dean tipped his chin up at the creature. “Haven’t touched that rack since you left, Dean. About time it was put back to good use.”
“Whoa there, bud!” Dean’s hands planted on Winston’s chest, and Dean was surprised when he didn’t move the other man at all. Like, at. All. Dean frowned, applying more pressure.
Castiel’s head cocked to the side. “You’re thinking about the other morning.”
Castiel snorted. Or at least Dean thought he did; his face was still shoved in the pillow. “Well… I’m hungry.”
“You okay?” Castiel whispered after a moment and received only a grunt in reply which only made him laugh harder.
Castiel bent over him, his features shadowed as first light began to climb up the walls and Dean swallowed hard at the lust in his eyes, pupils ringed in sapphire. Castiel’s teeth caught Dean’s bottom lip, tugging gently and despite knowing where his mouth had been Dean chased him into a kiss. Venom flooded his mouth, making him wiggle in Cas’ lap, arms scrambling to wrap around his shoulders.
Castiel looked down into his mug and ducked his head in an attempt to hide a smirk. “The aether.”
“I was going to tell you before you interrupted, dear.” Rowena scolded primly, her eyes a warning. “Dean Winchester, you have been called before the Ethereal Assembly at the request of the Angels of Heaven to answer for your crimes against-“
Ignatius leaned forward, eyes narrowed down the row. “Need I remind you, Castiel, that your place on this Assembly is by invitation only.” Castiel lowered his head, a sardonic smile pulling at his lips. “An invitation that can be
Dean frowned, stepping towards the bay door, punching the button that made it rise. As the lot was slowly revealed, he saw her Jetta parked at the end like always. He supposed it was possible that Becky had gotten caught up in her opening duties and forgone the usual twenty minutes of inane chatter he endured upon her arrival. Still, in the three years she’d been working there, it hadn’t happened yet.
Trigger Warning for non-con elements in this chapter
“Oh, you’re free to go,” Rowena said, leaning over to whisper to the vampire next to her. Castiel turned to leave, and Dean was just about to do the same, not sure what else to do.
“Told ya.” Dean’s shoulder nudged into Castiel’s and Castiel lifted his cup of hot chocolate to keep it from sloshing. “Gimme some kettle corn will ya?”
“So… they scare you.” Dean waved his apple as if punctuating his point.
on trial for something too?” Dean jerked his head at Castiel.
Dean wiggled excitedly. “Man, I can’t wait to wake up tomorrow. First thing I’m gonna do-“
“You’re beautiful, Sovereign,” Castiel murmured, making an obscene slurping sound that had Dean crying out and arching his back.
Dean was about to take another bite of his burger when he noticed the cat eyeing the balloon with narrowed eyes. He watched as it stood, curled its back up in a stretch before padding over to the edge of the counter. It inspected the string, eyes climbing it all the way to the obnoxiously pink and white mylar that was canted down as if looking back.
Castiel’s fingers dug in, possessive. “Plenty of time.”
“I know.”
“Astute observation there, genius.” Dean’s teeth nibbled just under Castiel’s shoulderblade, his amusement merely a warm puff of air against Castiel’s skin.
“Where to, Salem?”
who’s maybe a buck twenty soaking wet.”
Dean grabbed his jeans off the floor and pulled them up his legs over his boxers that were barely holding on to his hips. He could cinch his belt tight to keep them on, but his nipples were
The cat stayed underfoot the rest of the day, and by the end, Dean’s chest was tight, and his right eye was irritated and stinging, occasionally sending a steady stream of tears down his cheek. He finally gave up and closed early, stopping in the pharmacy after putting an order in at the diner next door.
“Oh this is my sister. Samantha.” Dean smirked when Sam’s head whipped to glare at him. “And this is Cas.” Dean jutted his thumb at Castiel again, who gave a slow nod of acknowledgment then brought this beer to his lips, never taking his eyes off Winston.
Castiel grabbed Dean's face with his free hand, pulling him into a brutal kiss that Dean whimpered through, hissing and moaning as his release continued to pulse through him. Castiel marveled at it kissing Dean’s face over and over until finally, it subsided, Dean’s face relaxing as his muscles gave out, body pressing Castiel’s into the mattress. Castiel chuckled, threading his fingers into the hair on the back of Dean’s head, pressing kisses to every part of Dean’s face he could reach.
“Whatever, I didn’t mind putting on headphones so you could enjoy yourself.”
clouding his thoughts. Dean very carefully poured water into the mug, grabbing a scoopful of the loose herbs in the strainer and dunking it in.
Not to Cas. Not even to me. Not anymore,” he says quietly, and Dean hears his voice quivering.
Dean smiles at him, “Of course.” He pulls them out of the drawer and folds them up on his bed to be packed away later. He pulls out a few more pairs, knowing that, for the most part, he’s going to be wearing nothing but pajamas and that Cas is going to want to steal his clothes rather than wear his own.
Cas goes to work, then. He methodically strips Dean of every article of clothing, pressing kisses to every inch of skin he exposes before removing the next item of clothing. By the time Cas starts working the button on his pants, his chest is covered in invisible kisses, and his nipples are swollen and pink from attention. His cock strains against his jeans and he whines, bucking up, seeking any sort of friction.
He loves the guy. He really does. Maybe not in the big, earth-shattering, fall-to-your-kees kind of way, not yet at least, but he does. Cas is one of the best friends he’s ever had. He’s starting to feel the alcohol, and he’s overwhelmed suddenly by the realization of just how important Cas is to him. “I’m gonna go find somewhere to sit,” he announces to the group. He turns to look at Cas, “You wanna come?”
He walks faster, overtaking the Dean that he isn't ignoring, and speeds into the kitchen. He can't do this, he wants to hide and never show his face to another person. He knows, knows that the Djinn's poison is seeping into him, and he's starting to panic. He's had the best few days of his life here. Now it's just a question if he's okay with them being his last.
Then the panic sets it.  Dean freezes on the spot, his chest concaving.
“Yeah?” Even to Dean his voice sounds airy.
The vessel lies there, dead.  Cas knows he should feel some remorse for killing a brother, or at least for killing the vessel, but that’s all knocked aside by the rage that flares up inside of him.
He slides out and knows without a doubt that he’d do anything to fuck Cas again. Lucky for him, Cas is turning around before he even knows what’s happening.  Suddenly, he’s laid flat on his back, Cas scrambling to straddle his hips and realign himself.
“What?” he asks, sounding like his brother just said the most impossible thing.
, making his hands twitch as they brush over Cas’s body.
About three dozen angels are crowded around a table laden with ingredients from the spell used to pull him here, Hannah at the head.  All their eyes on on Castiel as he stands on the far end of space from them.  The energy in the room surges, everything shifts, and suddenly Castiel is standing next to Hannah.  Everyone is looking expectantly at him.
It brought Castiel back to when Dean and Bobby shot him a dozen times as he approached them.  Then Dean plunged that damned demon blade through his chest, thinking it would have some effect.  He had no knowledge of the power Jimmy Novak’s body was trying to confine.  Castiel had to constantly think about controlling himself in the vessel at first, had to remember not to let anything overcome him.  There was still an echo of human emotion in the vessel at the beginning that he was constantly fighting off, so that he wouldn’t accidentally succumb and show his true form in front of the fragile humans.
The laptop screen goes dark as Castiel’s mind folds in on itself as he ruminates over the breakdown he had months back.  There were complete days of darkness, he remembers that much, but he just assumed it was the alcohol.  Faint hollows of emotions echo through him as the memories flutter back.  Not everything, more like shadows.  He remembers the encompassing feelings of dread, shame, anger, and desperation as he was made to wait.  Knowing secondhand what he did to Dean and Sam’s home is completely different from remembering it.  Secondhand was almost worse, he imagined well beyond what Dean told him, simply assuming Dean would water it down, easing the story into Castiel’s thoughts.  He didn’t though, he was completely truthful when telling Castiel.  And, Castiel realizes then,
Dean continues to sit, pretending to be engrossed in the after-game coach interviews. The corner of the screen becomes his point of focus, reading every word that runs along the bottom. Not even taking them in, not processing them, just filling his attention.  A distraction from Cas, who’s still nursing his beer in the opposite chair.
“You’d fucking laugh as his dumb jokes— which still aren’t funny by the way. And you’d make him a plate of food every night, unless he said otherwise, just because that’s how you care for people.  And you have offered to buy him more clothes.  You’re the one who offered him the room in the bunker.  He always ends up going with you if we have to split up for a case. He doesn’t complain about your music, even when you put Motorhead on repeat.
The first few weeks after Sam left are the worst he’s seen Dean.  Most days consist of Dean locking himself in the room with the window for hours.  He won’t even drink most of the time, he’ll just pace, sometimes resorting to yelling on particularly trying days.  When he doesn’t think Castiel can hear, he will call Sam, sometimes leaving lengthy messages.  Not really begging or pleading, more just asking all the questions he didn’t get to ask before Sam left.  Sometimes Castiel thinks some days Dean is just asking the air questions out of desperation, since he left his phone lying in the war room or on his bed.
“I should go to bed,” Dean whispers.  Castiel nods.
Dean turns his face into the pillow, groaning, his face even hotter now.  Cas wraps his arms around him, pulling and turning him until their eyes stare into each other’s.  Neither says anything, Dean still too embarrassed, Cas looking awestruck.  Cas noses at Dean’s hairline, his smile radiating onto Dean’s skin.
Dean laughs, trying to remember what it’s like to act normal. “Yeah, man. Well, maybe not hustling as much as actually losing until I taught him how to strike correctly.”
“I’ll be right back.” He clambers out of the car, turning his collar up against the wind and snow.
. “He barely has anything for himself, you know.”
my intent was good.  As it has always been!  If you no longer have time or respect for me, then tell me to leave, do not fool me into thinking I am wanted here.”
Dean still doesn’t know how to react.  He’s pulling at his jacket, it’s suddenly too warm in the car.
Cas touches his shoulder. “The ceremony will be safe, if that’s what you’re worried about.” Dean shakes his head, looking just over Cas’s head. “And I don’t have to go through with this until I’m ready.”
Dean squares his shoulders, he finds his footing again.
Dean’s not sure why he says it but, “Go big or go home, huh, Sam?”
The blood caking his clothes is becoming uncomfortable, the heavy dampness weighing him down in unfamiliar ways.  He would erase it all, but it feels wrong to whisk away the evidence of Dean’s peril.  Like he would be forgetting he was the reason Dean was here in the first place.
Cas’s head lolls on Dean’s shoulder, trying to catch his breath.
“We should split up and at least visit the rest of the crime scenes, see if there’s any information there.”
Dean is right, Castiel has been human this long.  He doesn’t deserve it though, he deserves more than to be discarded once his mission was complete.  Dean saw potential in the angel, whole or not.  If these damned frail humans can see his potential then why couldn’t the Lord or any of the other angels.  Ever since Metatron has been captured the other angels have not so much as whispered his name amongst themselves.
How long has he actually been ignoring the calls of his brothers and sisters?  How many signs and sigils come across his path that he automatically blocks out?  How long can he pretend he no longer felt a duty to those up in Heaven?
Cas hums, grabbing the plate from Dean’s hands to dry. “Tell me about it.”
Cas hurries and slides up behind Dean, slotting against his back and sliding his arms around his torso.
Dean laughs at the memory of Sam trying to dislodge a particularly brutal one.
He turns over and faces the wall, his back to Castiel.
“Dude, how long have you been working?” Dean asks, over the table.
Dean can only think about how
And then they’re kissing.  Dean doesn’t know who started it or when, but all he can think about is the taste of Cas’s mouth.
“Yes, Castiel,” Hannah says sharply.  She shifts positions, readying herself to explain to Castiel. “Though we have regained control of Heaven and our numbers are larger by far, Metatron is fighting dirty.  He’s using whatever information he has and lies he can conceive to convince other angels to follow him.  He’s attacking those who are still reeling from the fall to Earth.  He has even been able to trap some on Earth, make them believe Heaven has not been restored.  He’s set up an impenetrable base near a gate to Heaven in Colorado, where he was originally exiled to.  Those wishing to find their way back to Heaven through a that gate come across him and he is able to sway them to do his bidding.  He’s slowly gaining numbers, but it’s a steady enough gain that we should be worried.” She looks expectantly at Castiel when she finishes.
. He takes a deep breath and asks, “You don’t have anything with beeswax, do you?” He noticed the sets for wax seals at one table.
.  And yet, it shocked him to see Cas’s broad shoulders, hard chest, and the subtlety of his muscular build under that almost-tan skin.  Dean had thought about this plenty, thought about seeing Cas’s body (no matter how vehemently he would deny it if ever asked), but now that it’s right in front of him— Dean actually needs a moment to compose himself.
“Stop treating me like I’m a child,” he snaps. “I have done more than you could even begin to imagine. Remember that bit where I am a
Dean clutches the journal in his hands so hard his fingers hurt.
By the time Cas pulls up to the bunker’s carport, he has one recording left.  Both excitement and anxiety pool in his stomach as he thinks of Sam’s insight, advice, and comfort coming to an end.
“Sometimes at night, you’d press yourself into me.  You thought I was asleep— and I used to think you were too. Some reflex to finding warmth on those cold nights.  But you’d keep doing it, even when it got hot, on those sweltering nights.  Still, I’d stir awake to find your back pressed to my chest or your chest against my shoulder.”
grace but at least assumed he had
“He didn’t say.  You know how weird the guy is.”
“See ya, Sammy.”
They all walk to the mouth of the alleyway to take our separate ways but are blocked by a screaming crowd.  Dean almost panics, automatically thinking danger.  Then notices the dancing and the laughing and the huge stage a block away. A festival.
“I just thought, while we were there, I mean that—” Cas takes a deep breath; Dean can almost physically feel the sigh. “Honestly, before everything happened, I thought I’d be able to talk to you about it.”  Cas finally turns around, pulling at his tie angrily. “But then I made you leave without me and then fucking Naomi and—”
If it were that easy, if it were that simple, Dean would have stopped being scared long ago.  But the ever-growing knot of doubt and terror only twists itself tighter in his chest. He can’t rid his mind of the idea that at some point, it doesn’t matter when because it’ll happen no matter what, that he will screw this up.  Or it’ll screw itself up.  Because nothing good ever happens to the Winchesters, nothing lasting at least.  He won’t allow himself happiness because he’s so sure he would break under the pain to follow when everything comes crashing down.
The expected lips don’t expectedly fall on his own but rather on the bolt of his jaw, soft as they graze down his neck.
“Dude, c’mon, we’ve been playin’ pairs this entire time, no rule switchin’ now.”
He sighs into the top of Cas’s hair, pressing his cheek to the strands. “I like being here too, Cas.”
, Dean can taste all of the promises Cas is giving him.
Dean kicks open the door. “We ran out of lube.”
Cas nods and leads the way to Joshua’s.  Not surprisingly, it’s just around the corner from the apartments they visited earlier.
He takes a deep breath.  Last time they asked for his guidance they walked away as soon as he couldn’t produce the answers they seeked. “And what matter is that?”
Castiel folds his arms over his chest. “And you came to the conclusion that I was the most befitting candidate?”
But Dean doesn’t like the idea of having to go back out and interact with those idiots. He just wants to stand back here in the hall to the exit, talking to Cas.  He wants his hands on Cas again.
He looks at Dean, with his squinting eyes, and answers, “This is what you do to numb yourself, if I am not mistaken.”
Whatever speech Cas has written in his head is lost when Dean surges forward and kisses him roughly, mouths not quite aligned.
-I started writing this before Eileen was introduced, otherwise she would have been Sam's love interest (obviously; plus everyone loves her), but I wasn't going to rewrite the past chapters to make it work.
Dean’s expression changes, analyzing now. “Hey, Cas...” He tries to sit up but Cas pushes a hand to his shoulder to keep him down. “I’m going to be fine, I always am,” he reassures, head back on the pillow.
Sam senses the intimacy of the gift and engrosses himself in his new book.
“And did you forget everything else you would lose if you became human?”
Looking in the mirror again confirms both that the hickey is gone and that Dean’s pupils are certainly not dilated
“I can’t find the source of all this blood!”
It’s a strange feeling, this exhaustion, this strain on the human senses Castiel still hasn’t gotten used to.  He can feel his grace flaring deep within him, wanting to break free and do it’s duty, heal his vessel, stop the consumption of his energy and revitalize him.  But he forces it down, still marveling at all the physical sensations he misses when it’s at full force.
.  He’s scared more than anything else right now, but he can’t admit that.  The thought of losing Cas doesn’t just sting, it destroys.  He feels himself caving in.  It’s selfish, but Dean can’t live without the comfort of knowing Cas is safer with his grace.
of his anger at him.  Dean fucked this again.  He pushed Cas to his boiling point—
repeats Dean, still too much of a coward to think three other words.
Dean grunts in response, seemingly annoyed at being coddled, but drains the entire cup of water before he even opens the pill bottle. “I don’t know what the fuck this is, man.  I do not get sick like this.”
“You’re thinking too loud.”
“I want to be fully human again.  Because no matter how contorted my grace is, it is still a grace.  I will always have a connection to Heaven that I feel I no longer deserve because I no longer want it.  Heaven is no longer a defining aspect of who I am as a being.”
“With their bare hands.” He pauses. “So, yeah…  I began looking into self sacrificing stuff.  Turns out there’s a local legend about a witch who killed her victims by having them commit suicide while she watched.”
It’s been almost a year and Cas is now just listening to the pre-downloaded album “For Cas” that he found while scrolling through his iPod.  It’s late, well past three in the morning, and Cas knows tonight is going to be another sleepless night.  Even before the promise of thirty-eight recordings from Sam, Cas had no intention of sleeping.  He still wakes up in cold sweats with a tight chest when he dreams of the battle.
— point of reference in his life.  Dean pulls Cas impossibly closer, gathering him in his arms, breathing his name in his ear, knowing it’s not enough but hoping that it’s a good start to a long overdue apology. Hushed with a hug in return, Dean simply continues to hold on.
Dean struggles for words, barely able to grasp enough to form a thought. “Cas, dude, you will make it through this. Just wait until we get your grace back. Besides, don’t you still have ol’ what’s-his-name’s grace?” he asks, trying to comfort Cas but knows he’s not.
Sam groans from behind him but Dean just laughs the whole way down the hall.
“I heard you.” He pulls the chair out from the desk but Dean doesn’t know if he sits down yet.
Castiel can barely get into heaven these days, especially if he doesn’t have the help of some angel he happens across in his wandering, and even then they have to feel great pity for Cas in order to break so many rules to smuggle him through the gates.
The supplies in the trunk have been moved around, so Dean bends over closer looking for the spell books in the back.
“Just making sure you were still alive.”  He sits back down, farther away than he was earlier.
He fucks Castiel slowly, wanting to feel every single atom the angel is made of. Feeling Cas clench around his cock every time he hits that bundle of nerves.  Dean scrapes his teeth across Cas’s shoulder just like he knows Cas likes it. His tongue traces across Cas’s back, dipping in his spine, then kisses Cas’s other shoulder blade before scraping his teeth across that one as well.  The angel shakes under Dean’s touch.
PPS.  Cas's chapter will come soon, I promise.
Sam has some unusual input and insight into Cas's life.
Dean all but glares at the coffee cup in front of Cas, still too scared to look up. “You can’t though, it might kill you.”
Paige comes back and informs him Mr. Johnson can engrave the journal for him as well. She pulls out another form for him to fill out, scratching out the title and writing
Cas seems okay for now, which Dean supposes is good.
, we’re going to talk—”
Cas sighs, propping his head on his folded forearms.  He taps his fingers, trying to find the right words.  Dean stares at the crease forming between his eyebrows, watches as his expression switches between definitive and confused.
He catches a wiff of the rancid liquid.
He hears Dean’s heart then, going much faster than his.
“Damn, I needed you around growing up.”
“Dean,” Cas tries to sound calm. “I need to do this.” He doesn’t even sound convincing to himself.
“They already stopped,” Same notes, “We exorcised the demon with the contracts already.”
Now Dean’s gift.  Thankfully Paige wrapped little information cards up with each item.  So he doesn’t have to explain the medieval bees wax seal set, or the pen made from holly, or the details of the embroidery on the journal’s spine. He watches Cas’s face, seeing how his lips move as he reads over the cards, the smile breaking out.
In reality, Dean knows that Cas being an angel isn’t a guarantee that he won’t die, but, dammit, if it isn’t the best insurance possible for Cas, he doesn’t know what else would be.
Cas thinks about how Sam did not have a recording pertaining to this situation.  He has no brotherly advice to turn to in this time of desperation.
“What’s wrong with you?”
Dean grabs the bag with the wax set and stationary then heads out the door, not waiting for Sam to catch up.  He tosses the bag in the back and turns the car on, gripping the steering wheel too tight as he waits for the engine to warm up again.  Sam gets in, stomping his boots off outside the car.
Sam found Cas in the windowed room but still didn’t want to startle him. Dean came up behind his brother, alert with a gun still in his hands.  He saw Cas and immediately lowered it, not paying attention, and it banged against the wall.  Cas instantly turned on the brothers, from whatever useless spell he was currently working on. He launched at them, screaming in Enochian, his angel blade at the ready.  Sam shoved Dean out of the way and slammed the door on Cas. Dean pleaded that they had to help Cas; Sam was trying to be practical.  He was armed and not himself, there’s no telling what Cas would do to them if he thought they were interfering with his spells.  So they waited it out; Dean paced back and forth in front of the door and Sam tried to clean up the mess in the corridors. Hours later, Dean looked in when he heard a strangled gasp and saw just in time that Cas was crumbling to the ground. Dean wrenched open the door, flinging himself down next to Cas, prepared to perform CPR or mouth to mouth or whatever in order to save the angel.  Sam checked, his pulse was still even, probably more even than when he was awake. He just passed out.
That’s settled then.
Castiel’s eyes narrow as he looks around at the crowd, angels he remembers all too well not listening to him when he talked about how beautiful Earth and humanity was.  They laughed at him, said he had lost his intent, said those pests were not worth his time and certainly not theirs. “You want me to help fight against the angels on Metatron’s side,” he infers.
He opens his mouth to speak but doesn’t, and licks his lips before he finally replies, “I’ll wait outside.”  That’s not what he was originally going to say but the angel is glad that he will wait.
Dean catch Cas’s eye, he’s still angry. “You have to be a part of the team, Cas, you can’t be a lone wolf anymore and expect to always win your battles. You have to let us in on your plans.”
He needs to leave now, the light from smiting would alert someone to his presence if all of the noise he was making did not.  With shaking hands, Cas tucks his blade back into his pocket, and finds himself back in the almost empty waiting room.
“Castiel.  You are being summoned immediately,” is his only warning before the distantly familiar feeling behind his navel yanks him off balance.
He takes a deep breath, trying to get a handle on the situation. “So you wish for me to help you attack his base and stop him from furthering his control over angels?”
He’d been too ashamed all these years to ever bring up the cast off amulet. A couple hours after he’d tossed it, he went back in a panic to retrieve it, but the cleaning crew had already been through the room.  He pulls Sam into a hug now.
Cas retorts, the words resonating in Dean’s head.
He finds himself content, sated, with this small act of physical contact coming from Dean.
he wants to remove his grace.
The two of them are so impassioned when they fight, so sure there is no possible way they could be in the wrong.  Cas will hide his fury at first (trying to remain level headed), while Dean lets it spill all over the room, coating the floor and walls until it soaks into Cas too.  Then Cas retaliates, his anger well timed to coincide just as Dean’s wanes.  It’s a push and pull that continues, leaves them frustrated with each other, until they’re both too tired to continue.  They go to bed angry, heads on their own pillows, but then Dean wakes in the morning feeling Cas curled around his back, his phone’s light shining behind Dean’s head as he reads the news.  He loves those mornings just as much as every other morning.
Dean doesn’t know how to tell Cas he’s too good for anything Earth has to offer.  Cas comes from a place so undiluted, the world down here will only tarnish him.  He is so pure, still able to see the positive in every situation, still hopeful when there is no light on the horizon.  The entirety of Heaven, Earth, Hell, and everything in between have been on the verge of collapsing ever since Dean broke that first seal.  But Cas has never given up, even if he said he has, because Cas doesn’t know how to not hope.
“I just, Sammy, I don’t—”
“Good to see you know how to attend a baseball cookout, but you don’t need to use the same toppings as Dean.” Dean’s jaw clenches. “Look, see, try the jalapenos, okay, I swear you’ll like them.” Sam’s eyes glint with mischief.
Something in Cas’s chest lights up at the fact that Dean made him a meal despite him being an angel and needing no sustenance.
“It would be more beneficial and time saving.”
Cas reaches back and grabs Dean’s hips, pulling him in tighter, harder.
He looks down at his hands still flat on the counter, a slight sting still resonating from the earlier slap.  Ash embedded under his nails from the fire they set for their last case; the creases of his knuckles permanently stained with motor grease; rough callouses catching on the surface; and he knows they’d be riddled with scars if not for Cas.  Cas’s hands don’t look anything like Dean’s, they should never have to.  Being human is nothing but dirty and dangerous.
Lisa. Lisa and Ben.  That was a curveball that no one could have accounted for. The more he lets himself think about it, the worse he feels.  He loved Lisa, but he was never in love with her.  Dean fooled himself into thinking that he wasn’t cut out for falling in love, maybe it just wasn’t in his blood.  Lisa offered him that domesticity and family life that he’d been craving since he was four. He couldn’t pass that up, not when he thought Sam was gone forever.  He needed to ground himself in something, not throw himself into the wind and keep hunting.
Castiel rolls to face Dean again, about a foot of space and a blanket separating their bodies.
He forces Cas’s pants down but before he can remove the underwear, Cas moans hotly into his neck.  A visible shake renders Dean’s body immobile as he hovers above Cas, waiting for the overwhelming sensation to pass.  Using this temporary pause to his advantage, the angel flips them both and gets to work on Dean’s pants. His nails drag down Dean’s thighs as he does so, snapping him back to reality.
“You’re buying the beer when we’re back at the Bunker then.”
“Dean,” Cas asks as they cross the street.
Dean grabs Cas’s wrists tighter, willing himself not to pull away.  He can’t, not right now, he needs to say everything first.
The water flowing from the tap helps Dean focus, the steady rhythm and splashing remind him of a hunt his dad had from a long time ago.  John had a case near Cincinnati one summer, so he let Dean take Sammy to the waterpark there.  They got there a couple hours before the park even opened, that excited. So they sat outside on the curb, in nothing but their swim trunks, planning their route of attack for the slides with an discarded map they found on a bench.  Once the park finally opened, dozens of families lined up behind them, they rushed to the top of the tallest slide, almost forgetting to leave their towels on some chairs near the lazy river.  Neither one of them had been to a water park before, but they’d been to a couple Six Flags, and thought it wouldn’t be much different from the roller coasters.  They hadn’t been warned of the water slide wedgie tendency; they quickly learned.
He sits up, finally seeing what has happened to him. He’s never seen a body more fitting of the word ‘broken.’
Sam knows how much Dean appreciates the bunker but he doesn’t think he’ll ever know the extent. The domestics of the whole environment remind Dean of Mom or Lisa and Ben, part of him still holding on to those slices of normality he had for such a short time. Having a fully stocked kitchen or his own room, luxuries he never before had as a hunter, make him ache for a boring life that he never considered.
“Oh, yeah,” he slurs, now fully realizing how drunk he is.
” Now Cas is almost angry.
They’re back in the Impala and Sam’s resumed reading the paper again. Dean turns on my stereo and stamps the beat out on the wheel as they start driving to their destination.
Castiel knows Dean well enough that he can feel his eyes rolling as he sighs.
Cas moans, a low and broken sound pressing past his lips. “No, Dean, please.” He turns his face to look at Dean; his eyelids heavy with lust. “
“What else did I do?” Cas has not been this solemn since his grace was restored.
Dean gets dressed in today’s clothes; he grabs Cas’s tie from under the pillow when Sam isn’t looking and rolls it up in his dirty shirt, shoving it to the bottom of the duffle bag.
Admitting it feels both a failure and a relief, his chest simultaneously heavier and lighter.
It has been a long time since he’s admitted that and an even longer time since he’s said it.
Dean awakes the next morning to the loud Christmas carols from some over-happy-feel-good movie playing
Cas deepens the kiss, trying to bring Dean into him— or the other way around?— Dean can’t really tell.  There’s a slow hand moving over Dean’s body, taking its time tracing his collarbone and weaving between his ribs, it stops to press flat against his lower abdomen, and then it gently wraps around Dean’s cock.  The hunter wraps his arms around Cas’s head, trying to pull him closer.
The panic reaches its tipping point and Dean can feel himself getting lightheaded.
“Because you’re not their damn angel,” Dean bites, staring at his boots.
“Doesn’t any of this hurt?” he asks, finally finishing when he put a bandage on Cas’s neck.
How is Dean supposed to refuse that?  Why
when you and I both knew perfectly well I am a fucking
“C’mon, Cas, we don’t have to talk about this now.” Dean’s not sure he did the right thing telling Cas now.
“I already told you, Dean,” Cas spits, “I know how to survive as—”
After interviewing coworkers, neighbors, and family.  Dean and Cas can’t seem to find anything connecting the victims.
The conversation has turned from battling Metatron to the inner workings of their relationship.  Cas so selfishly wants to talk about their relationship, but he first needs Dean to understand he’s going to help Heaven.
Cas is still standing next to the bed, staring at Dean, calculating their morning out.  Dean scoots over, his knee knocking against Cas’s leg as he swings his feet over the side.  He rubs his neck a few more times before standing up, his hand brushing Cas’s as he passes.
Castiel hasn’t told Dean how long he’s actually been tasked with the mission of watching him.  Doesn’t tell him he’s been paying extra attention to
Dean doesn’t protest, he wouldn’t, but there’s a sound in the back of his throat that Cas understands clearly.
It gave Sam and Dean the opportunity to clear out the room, of all the dangers and mask all the carvings and drawing on the walls.  It gave them time to clean Cas up and set up a makeshift bedroom in that room.  Cas would have to stay locked up if they were to keep him safe.  He wasn’t going to be allowed to have any ingredients for spells or summonings, he wouldn’t be allowed to know the finer details about their ongoing hunt for his grace.  He was too fragile.
“Double or nothin’?” he asks, swallowing the rest of his alcohol.
“We should go back and kick some ass.” He smiles again.
“Cas, we’ll find your grace….” There is no solace in his words.
As they’re unpacking the car in the carport, Sam asks from under the trunk of the Impala, “So...can I ask what you were doing naked in the kitchen a few weeks ago?” So Sam
Sam looks up, meeting his eyes; his expression changes to confusion.
, Dean thinks for the millionth time that night.  Familiar feelings stir in his gut, his toes curling, his knees spreading wider for balance as he thrusts harder. “So fucking, good, angel,” he bursts, “So good for me, I’m gonna cum, you’re so good, Castiel.”
. Cas swallows him entirely in those powerful thrusts.  His body consumed by the light Dean
. Cas stands as calm as usual next to Dean, surveying the display of donuts next to the counter. He doesn’t seem any different from yesterday, like nothing happened last night.  Like it wasn’t a big deal.
“Alright, I’ll go to the police station, once I drop our bags off at the motel,” Sam interrupts his brother before he has a chance to start, “you two can head to the crime scenes.  There’s a couple, so try and get to them all today.”
Ten minutes or so pass before Sam sighs and says, “Dean, what aren’t you telling me?”
Cas pulls out the earphones once the first recording is finished.  He just stares down at the electronic, seeing the little number in the corner indicate that there are over three dozen more to follow this one.  He wonders when Sam found the time and the privacy to record all of these.
He finally pulls Dean closer, their mouths meeting again.
This hasn't been beta'd yet (again), but once it has, I will post it again. Enjoy!
Dean barely accepts the pills before he’s turning away and having a coughing fit into his fists.  His chest is still heaving as he turns around to chase the pills with the juice Cas brought.
“No interruptions, I promise.” He holds his hand up in a Scout’s Honor, pointedly eyeing the two feet of space between their bodies.
Dean grumbles in his general direction, rubbing his temples as he beelines for the coffeepot.  At least his brother is decent enough to make a coffee for both of them. His head hurts too much to think about bending down to retrieve the sugar from under the counter, so he takes his coffee black and slumps over the cup once he sits at the table. He counts his breaths, trying to slow them.
The girl smiles at him, making Dean feel a little less nervous. “Here, let me show you which pens can be engraved.”
“Dean,” Cas says just above a whisper and Dean fights down the shiver that starts in his chest.  He rubs his fingers lightly over the part of Cas’s neck he kissed back at the gravesite.
Dean places the feather back in the box, covering it again.  He keeps it on his lap, not wanting it too far from him.
Dean does not know it, but Castiel and Sam have talked on the phone about once a week since he left.  To Sam’s wishes, Castiel hasn’t mentioned it, hasn’t told Dean anything, no matter how wrong it feels.
Dean surveys their bodies.  Castiel feels no shame, no embarrassment, as Dean’s eyes hungrily take in his naked form. “How the hell did you get it out of the sheets, man?”
“They’re just like...a different language.  Just another word.”
A feeling in his gut kind of likes the idea of committing himself though.  Too bad he feels like puking at the thought.
“But, I mean, seriously.  Just the way you look at him sometimes, like the sun shines out his ass or something.” Sam makes a disgusted face. “Or how sometimes when you think I’m busy or too enthralled with something else, you’ll take him to the side, and you’ll just talk about stuff.  Not stuff about the case we’re working or any potential cases, but just...normal conversation. Like if he’d want to help you make dinner when we got back to the bunker or if he’d want to go to a Zeppelin concert with us if we were ever in the right place at the right time.”
“I’m...how I...reacted, I know this is your decision to make.”
I want to do something for myself— and fuck’s sake— this is for you too!”
Sam’s silent for so long that Dean swallows hard and sits back up, closing the door.
, he thinks.
.  Then Cas grabs the side of his head, pulling them together, and pressing his lips softly to Dean’s temple. “Thank you.”
He stares at it, wondering where Cas has been the past couple months.
-I can tell my writing style has changed over the years (clearly influenced by time and exposure to other styles of writing), and I keep debating publishing this whole story over again as a single chapter fic with updated styles and aforementioned characters included. Not sure though; we'll see what the future holds.
,” Cas moans, grinding his hips in circles on Dean’s cock.  A hand reaches up behind Dean’s head, gripping his neck.
Dean thrusts his hips up, slamming into Cas with more force than he thought possible. The angel can take it. Cas is strong enough that Dean won’t bruise his hips with how hard he’s gripping them, forcing them to move at the pace he wants.
Right now
The hunter cringes away from Cas’s outstretched hand and makes a beeline for the bathroom. His hands shake as he fumbles with the lock.  There’s no room to pace in there so he resorts to sitting on the toilet, focusing on calming his breathing. It doesn’t work.
”and then Enochian slips into Castiel’s screams as he finishes, Dean continuing to grip his still hard cock.
Cas’s hands are fisted in Dean’s shirt, right between his shoulder blades, not really pulling him closer, but making sure he doesn’t move.  Shifting his hips, Dean turns more towards the angel, bringing his hands up to cup his jaw.  He takes a deep breath, then another, their lips ghosting across each other’s. Opening his eyes, Dean sees Cas’s staring right back.
Edit 6/12/16: has been beta'd!
He doesn’t want to remember the days when Cas was locked up, for his own good, but he has to for Cas’s sake.
They have barely spoken since Cas has gotten his mojo back.  Ironically, he has spent his entire time as a re-graced angel at the Bunker, helping Sam and Dean with cases.  Dean’s brief issue with hunting has been resolved; he is constantly throwing himself into the cases now.  It’s hard for him to admit the reason behind his sudden spur of interest in hunting again but neither Sam nor Cas notice any changes. It’s hard enough thinking about it, let alone if he actually had to speak about it to either one of them.
Sam looks a slightly surprised but he doesn’t say anything else.
“You keep saying that but you don’t do anything,” Cas spits out before cracking open another beer.
.  He’s not sure if he can remember how to breathe. Cas’s cock slides easily over his, which is still protesting against the strain of his briefs while a wet spot spreads.
Fire destroys.  But sometimes it's necessary for new beginnings to start.
.  His whole body screams with the
"That doesn't even matter." Cas looks weary well beyond this conversation. "I tried to understand, Dean, this thing we are doing." Dean's stomach twists at the use of
Then his hands are on Cas.  He reaches around, his palm flat against Cas’s lower stomach, his other hand sliding down the cleft of his ass.  Dean stretches Cas open again, fingers rubbing relentlessly against his prostate. The hip twitches in response are almost enough for Dean get Cas off this way.  Turn him back over, bury his fingers in Cas, watch as his cock pulses and drools precum all over his stomach.  Hold his wrists above his head, whisper filthy promises of tearing him apart in his ear.  Fuck him until he’s screaming Dean’s name, hips undulating, grinding back onto Dean’s fingers eager for more.
“That’s it.” Cas stares directly in his eyes, and for the first time in months Dean has to look away because he’s scared. “I don’t know when exactly, but I don’t want to wait forever.”
“Nah, fifty sounds good,” says the shorter student standing beside the first.
“I guess,” Sam repeats, “But he can leave whenever he wants, basi—”
And the last couple days before Dean and Sam left on their final trip— the one that would end in finding Cas’s grace— Dean would listen to Cas speaking coherently. He seemed to be thinking aloud but not knowing it.  Just quiet whispers about his grace and heaven and Dean and Sam.  Hushed prayers thanking Dean…
Cas doesn’t really know how to say it, to tell Dean he wants to be a bigger part of the important things in Dean’s life without scaring Dean (he already knows he’s incredibly important to Dean).  He knows it’s not that Dean wouldn’t want it, but Dean is still growing enormously in terms of his emotions and ability to process them.  He never does too well with change or the unexpected.  The permanence of Cas in his life still seems to surprise him more mornings than not.  He’ll look at Cas softly, taking in everything he can, when he thinks Cas won’t notice; but of course Cas notices, he relishes in it.
Once Sam dresses in his FBI outfit, they all gather next to the table; Dean feelsanxious at the thought of traveling through time and space, Sam seems glad to leave the Bunker for the first time in a week, and Cas looks almost excited to have control over this bit of the hunt. He puts a hand on each Winchester’s shoulder without saying a word— and the contents of Dean’s stomach are still sloshing around as they appear in an alley.
The one from Sam first.  An iPod. “So you’re not subjected to Dean’s music any more than you have to be,” he jokes.
, his whole body craving;
He’s too angry and definitely too damned tired to deal with Cas dropping in whenever he feels like it. He doesn’t care how busy he is or what the hell he does when he’s not with them, but he should at least call Dean back. “What the hell, Cas?” he muttes into the pillow, not even bothering to move, let alone sit up to face him.
For months Castiel stays locked in this room, Dean ordering him to stay put so he doesn’t cause any more turmoil.  Sam and Dean have been searching for the answer to his missing grace ever since Dean got up and left, months of research, interrogations, and messy visits to Heaven.  Sometimes Dean comes by and Castiel can hear him sitting on the other side of the door after he’s passed him food and alcohol.  He sits and drinks with his friend but he rarely says anything.  It has been Sam who informs Castiel of any headway they make in the hunt for the missing grace.  He came by about a week ago to tell Castiel they were close to something, after talking to the elder angels (the archangels weren’t lying after all); they just needed to go back once Metatron gave into his interrogations, he couldn’t hold out forever.
Dean tries not to think about it, because he doesn’t want Cas to hear his hesitation.
“But I don’t know how to survive without—” slips from his mouth before he stops himself.  He kicks a cabinet out of frustration.
“And for the love of god, I’m not blind, I see when you two walk out of the room minutes apart after glancing at each other.  I know you’re not playing
That’s when he spots Sam, looking at the books on the front table.
“They promised this was the last they would ask of me if I won this battle with them,” he confesses, trying to reason with Dean.
Without any sense of shame, Cas somehow manages to get his underwear off while never once stopping the steady grind of his hips.
Dean slams his hands down on the table. “Cas!  You know that
Even working cases has become something akin to foreign when they leave the Bunker.  Castiel learned not to bring cases to Dean after he turned down his first suggestion of checking out a ghost in Iowa.  Dean shrugged and said, “Someone else will deal with that.”  Dean’s motivation for cases began to stem from his own determination to distract himself; he had to read through headlines every day, he had to find the case, he had to research it before leaving, he had to drive them there, he had to ask all the questions, and he find out all the answers.  He either through himself into the case or into Castiel.
“I do sleep now Dean, I’ve been sleeping for months.” It sounds so pathetic once admitted. “I had to walk into the Bunker last night, I only was able to get as far as outside of Lebanon before it was snuffed completely.”  His soul yearns for the power of another grace; he can feel himself becoming addicted, like those humans and their narcotics.
Dean stares at the page in the book he is reading, it now looks like gibberish.  He can’t read it anymore.  He can’t think.  He’s almost certain he did not hear Cas correctly.
“Dean, do you have the key?”
Cas slumps forward in the chair, burying his face in his hands.
He only hums in response, taking a sip of a coffee he bought for himself though. He notices the confusion on Dean’s face. “The coffee is warm.”
Dean stops Cas’s hips, letting his forehead rest between the angel’s shoulder blades. “No, angel, lemme,” he slurs, his mouth dry.
“Oh, oh,
“But he’s been with us for months now, he should have settled in.”
“Dean.” He forces himself to stay still. “I need more of that.”
“Did you want to look around some more,” Paige asks, after filling out the form for the pen.
Cas looks at Dean like he’s a stranger, mouth still a hard line, but his posture changing.  Dean meets Cas’s eye for the first time since the conversation started. “Dean.” It sounds like a question; Dean doesn’t have any answers.
“That does match pretty closely to our numbers here, Dean,” Sam notes, flicking through his notes on the files. “We’ve seen worse, unfortunately.”
“Dude,
Castiel falls back on the bed and closes his eyes.  Frustration takes over.  It seems to be the predominant emotion in the bunker the past few months.
Sam clears his throat on the other end. “He’s not hurt or anything, at least not physically.”
Dean comes between their bodies with a sharp cry, and he’s pretty sure there are tears streaming out of his eyes. “Fuck,” he gasps. “Can’t wait to marry you, Cas. Can’t wait to be your husband. God, I love you. I love you so much, Cas, cmon,” he breathes. “Come for me, sweetheart.”
They pull up, Dean kills the engine, and he sits. He doesn’t know how long he just
Dean grins at that, thinks he probably blushes, but he internally blames it on the heat of the shower. “Good,” he says softly. “Me too.”
He doesn’t want that.
“Mom? What’s wrong?” Dean asks, his brow furrowing.
Dean lets out a pained sound, not unlike a wounded animal. “Cas…”
Cas sighs, but he’s gotta know what a stubborn dick Dean can be sometimes, so he gives in. “We could share the bed,” he suggests. “You can still make up the air mattress, if you don’t want your mother to know.”
“I’m sure you passed, Dean. I’m literally
Dean stares at his shoes the whole walk back to the motel. He doesn’t say anything and neither does Cas, and it’s obvious to Dean that it’s the tense type of silence, not the easy kind that comes with spending every waking moment with a person for three weeks. He knows that calling his dad means that soon, they’ll find a solution, and they’ll have to send Cas home. Soon, he’ll be alone again, and he’s too busy mourning the loss of Cas in advance to even fucking enjoy what little time they have left with one another.
Cas rolls his eyes and looks up at Dean. “I told you, I’m not dressing up.”
Dean can hear Cas’ approaching footsteps. They’re fast and hard, so he’s probably running. “Dean? What’s wrong?” he asks, but then he takes note of his surroundings. “Where is she?” he asks.
Dean flushes and shakes his head. “No big deal at all, buddy. I’m just glad you like it.”
to kiss her, and even if he
Dean pulls back and sighs. “It— it’s fine, Cas. It’s okay. I understand better than a lot of people think what it’s like to have a fucked up past. It’s unfair that I held it against you for not wanting to talk about shit like that.”
Cas smirks at him, runs a hand through his hair, and Dean completely forgets what he’s just asked. Cas looks so fucking
Dean make lunch, per se, just clings to him the whole time. Cas' arms are either looped around his waist from behind with his chin on Dean's shoulder, or running through the hair at the nape of his neck, or sometimes just holding onto  his hips.
Cas is, however, decidedly less afraid of Dean's ass than Dean is of Cas'. Dean audibly gasps and has to brace himself with his palm flat against the wall of the shower. Cas' hand is brushing over a part of him that has literally never been touched by another human being. He squirms a little but he certainly doesn't protest. He just allows Cas to wash him, reminding himself that nothing about this whole thing has been sexual, and he doesn't have to worry about Cas trying to fuck his ass just yet.
Dean nods, and Cas squeezes him a little tighter. The thought of not having to be worried every second of every day that he’s going to lose Dean is… wonderful. Cas can’t think of anything that would make him happier.
He takes his free hand, and presses his lube-slick finger right where no one else ever has before. Well, maybe no one. He doesn’t know if Dean’s ever done this on his own.
Castiel nods his head and tears prickle at his eyes when Dean’s hips press flush against his ass. Dean is
He remembers how it consumed him. He remembers the day he entered the bunker as a human for the first time. The ache in his chest went so much deeper than the usual twinge he'd grown accustomed to dealing with any time he was in Dean's proximity. And most of all, he remembers the day Dean returned his sentiment.
Dean smiles at her and he nods. “I can do that. Can I help you carry the bags?”
“How long?” Not that it matters. It doesn’t matter anymore, not at all. Cas is just curious, more than anything.
“Yes, but you love me,” Cas says, smug as all hell.
"Looks like it's probably a Djinn. It's only a couple of hours south of here, we can leave now or we can wait until morning," Sam says.
he still can’t help but smile. He takes Cas by the wrist so he won’t get lost, and he makes his way into the kitchen.
As soon as Cas meets his eyes, Dean snaps out of it and sits across from Cas, handing him the sandwich. Cas eats it relatively quickly, eager to get back to his room. Dean’s eyes never leave him, but he also doesn’t speak. Cas would give anything to know what Dean’s thinking. Had he seen more than Cas thought back in the Djinn dream? Had he been there for the shower? How had Cas not noticed him?
Dean’s gone and back from the kitchen in record time, the mug still steaming. Just to be a little shit, Cas asks, “You used the kettle, right?” and he bats his eyelashes.
Cas nods thoughtfully, “I know what you mean. Losing family that wasn’t good to you can be a complicated thing,” he says softly, and Dean finds himself cringing at the word ‘losing’ because, well, that’s not quite right.
Cas is doubled over in laughter at Dean's jumpiness, and Dean scowls at him. "Fuck, man! I completely forgot about the toast," he grumbles.
she says. She says a few more things, Dean thinks, but his ears are ringing. He can’t hear her clearly anymore.
Dean nods, “‘M fine, thanks,” he says, sounding a little winded.
He’d walked down the stairs, baby monitor in hand, and sat at the table that he’d laid Cas’ body on. He’d clasped Cas’ long-cold hand in his own and cried some more. That had been his first prayer to Cas. Out loud, in a whisper, he’d just repeated
Dean flips through the limited TV channels that the motel has to offer for about ten minutes before Cas is poking his head out of the bathroom, ready for Dean to tend to him. He's wearing nothing but his boxers, and Dean really shouldn't be this excited about getting to clean his best friend's wounds. He's up off the shitty recliner in the opposite corner of the room in a split second, heading into the bathroom with the first aid kit tucked under his arm.
“What? No, mom, Jesus. I just… haven’t told him? And I think his family might be super religious or something. Just keep it between us, okay? He’s kind of important to me.”
His mother looks like she’s going to be sick.
Cas turns to look at him then, his eyes narrowed and his head tilted and
Cas sighs below him. “Maybe not,” he admits. “But I want to anyway. So do you. I just—“ he cuts himself off to frame Dean’s face in his hands. “I want to take care of you. This is the only way I know how, right now.”
Sam nods in his arms but pulls back to stand up and retreat to what Dean assumes is the room he’s claimed as his own. Dean watches him go, and then he watches the rest of the room split off into their respective rooms in the house until it’s only him and Cas left standing in the living room.
Dean whines when Cas squirms out of his grip and starts leading him to the bedroom. “Lay down,” he says gently, pulling back the covers. “I’ll get you some water. Just say there.”
Dean shakes his head, his lips downturned. “Nope.”
“I-I uh, my name’s Dean Winchester, I was calling about—“ and that’s as far as he gets before the call disconnects.
Once Cas has been cleaned up, Dean pulls his shirt down and tries like hell to get him to wake up.
Once the shirt is somewhere across the room, Dean slides his hands around Cas’ middle to pull their chests together. To Cas, it feels suspiciously like a hug. Dean clings to him and presses the pads of his fingers into the muscle of Cas’ back.
Cas doesn't seem to care that Dean is feeling conflicted as he presses closer yet, "Nothing anyone can do or say will ever stop me from loving you. I'll say it until my dying breath. You are selfless, loving, and deserving of praise. You deserve to hear everything I'm telling you right now. Do you hear me?" he asks, pulling back to look into Dean's eyes.
Cas is looking at him like the sun shines out of his ass. "Please, Dean. Don't make me wait any longer," Cas whines, propping himself up on his elbows to get a better view of Dean.
Once they’re both clean, the water’s still plenty hot, so Dean gently backs Cas against the wall of the shower. He runs a hand down the side of his torso, careful not to brush against any of the gashes there. His eyes trail over every inch of Cas’ body that he can see, letting his chest swell up with all of the love he feels for the man in front of him. Cas will probably never get his grace back, but Dean loved him long before he knew Cas was an angel. He’s going to love him long after the loss of his grace, too. He knows it. The handprint branded into his hip is a constant reminder of that. It’s a reminder that he not only belongs to Cas, but that Cas belongs to him, as well. Cas never would have marked him like this if he didn’t want him back, just as much as Dean wants him.
"What?" Dean crumples as he speaks. He slides off the chair to crouch where Cas is, on the floor. He takes both of Cas' hands in his, and looks at him. "No, Cas. God, its you," he breathes, and then he can't stop. "For so long, I shoved that part of myself away. I didn't let myself think about it. I still don't
“You got me this,” he says, and he trails kisses down Dean’s neck. “I couldn’t have asked for more.”
Dean’s hands trail along his abdomen, familiarizing themselves with the terrain they’re working with. Castiel finds himself wondering if Dean takes the time to do this with all of his partners. As long as Castiel has known him, Dean has never stayed with any woman for longer than a night, besides Lisa. He doesn’t let himself think about her often. She got all of the things that Castiel had yearned for, long before he knew what any of it meant. He wonders if the one night stands got the same attention he’s getting now. Did Dean cup their breasts as he’s cupping Castiel’s pecs right now? Did he pinch and roll their nipples between his fingers like this? Did their breathing catch in their throats like his own is doing right now?
be his dad, his dad says that to his mommy sometimes. It isn’t though, that’s not his dad’s voice. He doesn’t recognize that voice, he’s sure. His body shakes harder.
“Twenty years,” Dean jokes, but Missouri and Cas both turn to look at him with sad eyes, and only then does he realize — it’s actually the truth. He shifts on the couch, wrings his hands in his lap as he stares at them. He doesn’t like this. Doesn’t care to have more than one person looking at him like that. He only tolerates it when Cas does it because he’s fuckin’ in love with the guy.
Dean can’t stop bouncing his leg, he can’t focus for shit, and he’s getting embarrassingly frustrated with himself in front of Cas. “I just don’t
All of winter break up to this point has been going swimmingly, and Dean’s heart sinks a little. It’s Christmas day and his mother’s upset. “What happened?” he asks Cas, ushering him to sit on the couch.
Yeah, no thanks.
He breathes deep and exhales slowly. “Did I seem disagreeable, Dean?” he asks. He tries to stay calm, tries to keep his cool. It isn’t really working.
He was right. Mary’s face is as pale as he imagines his is. She just stares. Her eyes dart back and forth between Dean and Bobby. “You’re going to college… in Lawrence,” she says. “Dean, I don’t like that. You know that’s where your father died,”
Dean grabs his keys from the table and does just that. Cas turns around and locks his own door whenever they leave, and Dean leads him down to the Impala. Cas runs his hand over the hood, smiling. “She’s a beauty, huh?” he asks, sliding into the driver’s seat.
“Much,” he means to say, but it probably comes out somewhere between a moan and a grunt instead. His eyes feel heavy, the ache in his throat is dull enough for him to ignore long enough to fall asleep, and he can hear Dean’s heartbeat with his head pressed to Dean’s chest.
Dean's head snaps up from whatever book had seemed so interesting only moments ago. "What is it?"
He sits next to Cas at the table, interlinking their ankles and rubbing his foot up and down Cas’ calf every few seconds. He’s not huge on the whole PDA thing, but he likes to have a couple of points of contact with Cas. After everything they’ve both been through in the last few weeks, he’s pretty sure he’s entitled to a little bit of separation anxiety. He doesn’t even like Cas to be out of his sight long enough to take a piss, some days. He’s always afraid something’s going to come and snatch him away in the thirty seconds it takes Cas to empty his bladder.
Cas just smiles, and Dean leans further into Garth. “A bakery sounds nice,” he notes, and then he turns to Anna. “You?”
“Tough shit,” Anna says. “I can hear angel radio again. This isn’t good,” she says. “The final seal, Castiel. It’s been broken. Lilith is dead,” she says.
Perhaps coming to this party in nothing but a pair of booty shorts and angel wings had been a mistake. Dean scans the kitchen and finds no less than seven women all gawking at him. He sends one of them a wink, just to stir some shit. She giggles and she hides her face, all the while Dean just leans further into Cas’ embrace, where he’s now wrapped his own arm around Dean’s waist.
On Meg.
“Cool!” Dean says, his flashback… not forgotten, no, that’s the wrong word, but close. “It’s a long drive, but I’m sure we’ll find ways to pass the time. Never get bored when you’re around.”
He leans back with his legs folded underneath himself so that Dean has a clear view of his hands. With the dry one, he takes his middle finger and spreads the lube all over the palm of his hand. Once it’s coated to his satisfaction, he makes a loose fist, and slides his own finger inside of it. He twists it around, pulling it in and out, coating it.
Dean rolls out of bed and makes his daily trek to the kitchen for one of his bottles of whiskey. He’s worked his way through most of the good stuff, so he’s working with reliable ol’ Jack Daniels today. It’s not the greatest stuff on earth, but it’ll do in a pinch, and Dean thinks that if anything qualifies as ‘a pinch,’ it’s his life right now. So, he grabs the bottle of Jack from the top shelf and starts to make his way back to his room.
Dean gasps and fists Cas’ feathers again when Cas changes his angle. This causes Cas to drive into him a little harder, but just as slow. “Dean,” he rumbles,
rough, and he knows this. And now Cas is a human, he’s so fragile, so
They pull up to the house and walk inside together to find Charlie, Garth, and Anna all sat in front of the TV watching something that looks vaguely
Anna’s fork hits her bowl with a
Without any more words between them, Cas follows Dean through the bunker and into his bedroom. Once inside, he closes the door behind himself and hears it click. He’s not sure what to do after that, so he stands in front of the door and waits for cues from Dean.
He's still breathing heavily when he absently starts wishing he had asked Cas to join him.
“I’m sure, Dean. Thank you.”
Dean nods. “Okay,” he says. “Alright. I believe you. Fuck, I feel like one crazy son of a bitch, but I believe you. I trust you,” he says. It’s true. As scared and confused as he is, he loves Cas. He’s gone on the dude. He’s gonna do whatever he can to keep them both safe. He reaches up to place his hands over Cas’ where they still rest on his face. Cas gives him a solemn sort of smile, leaning forward to press their foreheads together.
Cas had only been dead six months when Dean himself bit it. Cas was dead, there was no real reason for him to try and figure out how he felt about the guy. He hardly had time to pick himself up and move on. He didn’t even really do that much. Every day, his first and last thought had been about how much he missed Cas. He had wished more than anything that Cas had been with them. Maybe he would’ve fought a little harder to live if Cas had been there. Maybe Cas could’ve saved his stupid ass one more time.
“Fine, yeah. Just a little weird. She really knows what she’s doin’, huh?” Dean says, rubbing one hand over his eyes.
“Nothing could ever dim the brightness of your soul, Dean,” Cas breathes. He continues with his finger as he speaks, curving it just slightly every few thrusts. Every time he does this, Dean’s back arches and his eyes screw shut for a few moments. Cas continues, “Not the Mark of Cain, nor the Darkness itself. You are one of my Father’s greatest creations. I’m sure of it.”
"Take your time. I'll always be here."
in the midst of his grief and (unbeknownst to Sam) gay panic. "Well, thanks," is all Dean can bring himself to say.
“Forget somethin’?” Dean asks, and he thinks his heart might start beating out of his chest like a goddamn cartoon when Cas swings the door open in nothing but a towel. He’s seen the guy naked pretty much every day for the last three weeks and it never stops being earth-shattering.
He doesn’t know how much time has passed when the door to Dean’s room —
Dean sighs, and Cas watches his Adam’s apple bib up and down as he swallows. “I told you it was mostly blank. That wasn’t true. It’s more like it’s… fuzzy. Hazy, maybe,” he sighs, looking back at Cas again.
Dean laughs as he walks back to plop down next to Cas again, who’s gone almost completely rigid. Dean reaches for the bottle of vodka again, and he’s drunk enough that it hardly even burns going down. He drinks more of it than he knows he should, figuring that it’s his best bet of not remembering any of this in the morning. He tries his best to get comfortable next to Cas again, but the guy’s stiff as a board now, and it worries him. “You okay, Cas?”
Yeah, no thanks.
Cas grins at him the whole time they're apart, drinking in the image of Dean before him. The way Dean's body has changed over the years amazes Cas every day. When he met Dean, he was essentially solid muscle. He's still strong, he hasn't lost any of that muscle, he's just gained a protective layer over it.
“I tried to kill you, Cas. I almost did. And you almost let me,” Dean whispers. The trembling increases again, and Cas holds his hands a little tighter.
Dean’s a people person. He’s
Sam nods slowly, and his shocked expression turns more neutral. “But… the way you love him, it’s different than how you love me.” It’s not a question, just a truth.
chaaaaapter two! buckle up kids
Dean seems to sit with that for a moment, before he reaches one of his hands over to fit flush against his arm beneath his t-shirt, right over the place Cas had accidentally branded him all those years ago. “I also remember a bit about ‘body and soul,’” he says quietly, under his breath. Cas’ heart rate picks up. “Beautiful?” he asks, squeezing his own shoulder.
It takes every ounce of willpower inside Dean not to throw his phone directly at the nearest wall and watch it shatter into a thousand irreparable pieces. Somehow, he doesn’t, and he pockets his phone and fists his own hair. Everyone in the room only heard one side of that conversation, so
Dean grins back at him, he can’t help it. He moves the arm that had been around Cas’ shoulders all night to straighten out his hair a little, running his fingers through it so there are less pieces sticking straight up. He finishes by tucking a piece of hair behind Cas’ ear, “You want a haircut soon? You’re gettin’ shaggy again.” He sees Cas’ smile falter, so he adds, “Not that it’s bad. It’s not. It’s- You look nice.” Dean knows his cheeks are pink. He can feel them get hotter and hotter.
It takes everything in him not to fall to his knees in an act of thanks. An act of worship. Not worship of God, no. That’d be pretty fucking stupid on his part, all things considered. No, worship of
Cas kisses like he’s going mad with it, full of the force of a thousand Kansas thunderstorms. He crowds Dean’s space and dips his tongue into Dean’s mouth, and Dean lets the smell and the taste of rainwater fill him up. It’s refreshing, to be kissed like this. There’s a little bit of stubble on Cas’ face that scratches against his own, and it feels -- it feels better than he thought it would. It’s not like kissing a woman, that’s for sure. It’s nothing at all like kissing a woman. It’s scratchy, and Cas’ lips are a little less soft, but it’s -- it’s so much
It's well past 9 in the evening now, after they've gotten food, eaten it, and finished the movie. If Cas woke up early enough to catch Sam this morning, he probably
Dean imagines they’re probably traumatized beyond all belief, but that’s okay. That’s something they can all work through together. They’re topside again, they’re breathing, they’re
He unclenches his fist then, and gathers himself. If he’s going to find Cas, he’s gotta start looking. Now.
Neither Sam or his mom are very forthcoming about their time spent in Hell, and Dean can’t say he blames them. Sam says that time works differently down there. When Dean tells him he’d only been gone for a day and a half, Sam lets it slip that the damn Devil had been torturing them for
This is ridiculous. He needs to
Dean shakes his head and puts one hand on Cas’ thigh, dialing the number Charlie gave him with the other. “No, I gotta know,” he whispers. He lifts his eyes to meet Cas’ as his fingers hover over the call button. He leans in, presses a kiss to Cas’ lips, and then hits call. He turns it on speaker while they wait.
Once she’s covered, the shaking comes to a slow stop, and she lifts her head to look at Dean. Her eyes flash bright white for an instant, in the exact fashion he’s seen Cas’ do on multiple occasions. She looks at him then, reaches up to cup his face in her hand. “Your eyes,” she whispers, brushing a thumb beneath one of them. When she pulls her hand back, there’s blood streaked across the pad of her thumb. “I told you to shut them.”
every once in a while wouldn’t kill you, y’know,” Dean says, sticking his tongue out.
(See the end of the chapter for
For years, Dean denied himself of everything he wanted out of life. Turns out, he wanted way more than he ever thought he did.
Dean smiles at that and wads Cas’ boxers up, wrapping them and the t-shirt in Cas’ clean sweatpants. He’ll wash those when they get back to campus, it can wait. It can all wait.
They walk through the door, and Dean puts his stuff down at a table. Cas sits down, and Dean grins. “What do you want?” he asks, “It’s on me this time,” and then he fucking
He resists the urge to kiss Cas on the cheek again, only because his mother would see, and that’s something he really doesn’t feel like dealing with upon his arrival home for the first time since the summer. He leaves the car running so that Cas won’t get cold, and he hops out after putting her in park.
So it feels natural for Dean to throw an arm around him as they watch TV or drop a kiss to his head just because he feels like it. People who care for each other as they do like to be close. Cas still knows very little about being human, but he knows that it feels good to be near Dean. So if Dean has suddenly decided to be a little more forthcoming, Cas isn't going to complain. Nothing is amiss, how could it be? Everything is perfect.
For now, it’s enough.
“I’m fine. Thanks,” Cas bites, and the barbed wire around his heart constricts a little more.
Cas shrugs, “Benny, maybe?”
father.” Jack turns on his heels and walks down the hallway, leaving Dean with nothing but a broken bottle of whiskey and no words, absolutely none to be said.
“Only because of your help,” Dean says, and it strikes him how weird it is that they’re still having this conversation while holding each others’ faces. He wants to lean in and kiss him. Plant a wet one right on Cas’ mouth. But they’re about to pack up and head home to Sioux Falls, and he doesn’t wanna fuck that up, so he doesn’t. Not yet. It’s not the right time.
on. He does, and then turns the overhead back off. He pads over to the bed and slips beneath the covers, and he grins when Cas does the same. They’ve left their bags in the bathroom, but — that’s a problem for the morning versions of themselves. Usually, Cas holds Dean — cradles him to his chest and holds on for dear life, but — Dean’s feeling like a change of pace tonight. He pulls Cas down into the bed and tucks Cas’ wet head beneath his chin before Cas has a chance to argue, and he smiles.
When they finish the dishes, Dean feeds Cas a few more bites of pie away from prying eyes before they head back to the living room to spend the rest of the holiday with their friends. And if he presses a kiss to Cas’ forehead before they go, it doesn’t have to mean anything. Even though it means more than he could ever put into words.
Dean groans and throws his head back, just as Garth and Anna walk up to the table. “You tell him about the party?” Garth asks. “Dean, come on! You never come out with us anymore,” he whines, sliding into the seat on the side of Dean that Cas isn’t sitting on. Dean’s pretty sure he’s drinking that fucking strawberry refresher that he’d been too embarrassed to get.
yesterday. It's way too early and there's way too little coffee in Dean's system for him to think about that right now.
He’s not sure at what point he must have drifted off, but when he wakes up with a blanket draped over him and Cas’ fingers running through his hair, neither of them mention it.
Cas’ fingers tangle with his own, and he smiles down at Dean. “Whenever you are. Where should we get breakfast?” he asks, pulling Dean up off the bed. They’re in each others’ space again. They’re still holding hands. Dean swears, even though it’s impossible, that Cas’ eyes… almost glow, just for a moment. A split second so short that if he’d blinked, he’d have missed it. His eyes are probably just playing tricks on him, though, because he
Jack couldn't have done that two weeks ago before he spent 14 days barely eating, and sleeping even less. Regardless, he's thankful. He makes a mental note to pray to their son later, (
Dean shrugs. “Probably lots of making out and dry humping,” he says, because it’s true. “We usually play a few rounds of spin the bottle or something, which is ridiculous because we’re not fucking
Cas lets him know where he is, and Dean pulls off to the shoulder of the road to make a U-turn. Sam glances at him sideways, nodding to the baby in the backseat, and Dean shoots him an apologetic glance. He guns it, the car roars to life, and Jack begins to cry.
Dean shakes his head. He can't stop shaking it. "We're splitting up." He sees Sam open his mouth, presumably to argue, before he holds his hand up. "Shut up. Don't fucking argue. You take the other place, I got this one. Just take the car and get out of here."
Dean lets himself be led and steps out of the pants pooled around his ankles. Cas climbs into bed first and he opens his arms, so Dean lays down in them. Cas pulls the blankets up over both of them as Dean listens to the beating heart of his very human boyfriend. Cas flicks the lamp off and plunges them into darkness, and Dean clings to Cas a little bit tighter.
“Yes?” Cas responds immediately, no hint of sleep in his voice whatsoever.
“It’s okay,” Cas whispers. “Take your time. There’s no rush, Dean. You don’t even have to do it today.”
but mostly he’s just happy that he got to kiss Cas at all. And in front of a group of people, no less. His heart flutters inside his chest as he thinks about kissing Cas here, now, in the quiet of his kitchen with only the sizzling of the breakfast Cas is cooking for him as background noise.
about the military thing, or did you lie to me about it?” he asks.
Dean nods. "Okay. Okay, I'll talk. Give me a minute."
"Mhm," Dean manages, allowing himself to breathe again. Cas' hand is still scratching gently at his scalp, and before he can think not to, he's leaning into the touch for just a moment.
Dean looks back up to meet his eyes, and Cas is smiling. “I love you,” he says simply. Like that isn’t the most profound thing that’s ever happened to Dean.
besides the Impala.”
He fills the cup with water and helps Cas maneuver further down into the water. He has to curl his knees up and put his feet flat against the floor of the tub, and his knees stick out of the water now. But it gives him room to tip his head back when Dean taps beneath his chin, which is what he does. He cups one hand around Cas’ hairline so that none of the water runs into his eyes, and uses the other hand to pour the cup of water over Cas’ head a few times to get his hair wet.
Shrugging, Cas sits down at the table across from him. “I realize that I may have… overstepped, last night.” He folds his hands in front of himself on top of the table, kneading at his own palms like maybe he’s nervous or something. “I know we haven’t known each other very long, but I’m very glad I met you. I’d be sad if something happened to you on your drunken walk home,” he teases, and Dean grins around a mouthful of waffle.
Cas smiles at him and readjusts his beanie for him. Dean smiles right back. “There’s—“ Cas cuts himself off, and Dean swears he can see him blush. “There’s pie. In my apartment. I made it, don't know how good it is. But if you want some, you can have some,” he says. “I was going to bring it to game night, but I forgot.”
Dean sighs and reaches out to cup the side of Jack’s neck. He looks him in the eye, and shakes his head slowly.
He drew a damn heart next to where he signed his name. He’s a lovesick bastard, and so is Dean, and he’s grinning like a fucking fool. He
The movie is actually pretty good, from what Dean can tell. He's fading in and out of consciousness. He isn't drunk off of three beers, but he's comfortably tipsy and his limbs buzz with it, lulling him to sleep. He makes it about halfway through the movie before he's slumping over toward Cas, and he doesn't have it in himself to make an effort to slump away from him instead. It would be just as easy and only slightly less comfortable to do so, but he doesn't want to. He takes what little he can get from Cas.
He instantly feels guilty, because Cas' head snaps up from where it had been resting on the pillow. He'd fallen asleep, bless his heart. Dean offers him an apologetic smile, "Oh, sorry, Cas. Didn't mean to wake you. I forgot my bag, too. Told you it happens."
Dean leads Cas to the Dean-Cave and they sit side-by-side in the recliners. Dean turns the TV on and pulls up Netflix. They sit in comfortable silence, watching TV.
know that much.”
but he could certainly get used to looking up at that pair of eyes for a while.
off. Since when did he cry so much? He feels like a scared kid, lost in a grocery store. Everything is too big and too scary and he's overwhelmed.
as Cas’ hand speeds up. He’s nodding his head and rolling his hips, but he’s following the rules. He stays silent.
fucking weird is that it seems to actually
It’s a damn good thing his mother’s a nurse, or he might not know what the fuck to do right now.
Cas’ phone vibrates in his jacket pocket. Nobody really calls him these days besides Dean, sometimes Sam, so he picks up without checking the name flashing across the screen.
So now, two decades and some change later, Dean stands in his bedroom in the bunker and lets the jacket swallow up all of the parts of him that he doesn't want to think about right now. Cas is
Mouth hanging open, Dean starts to flip through channels. “Like, ever?” he asks.
It takes everything inside Dean not to — well, not to
Dean doesn’t know how long he drives for. It might be minutes, it could be hours, he’s not sure. Maybe it’s been days. He wonders what Sam’s up to -- hopes he’s got a couple of his own rugrats running around by now. He hopes that Sam locked Eileen down while he had the chance.
She stares at the papers a little more with her mouth opening and closing like she isn’t sure what to say. Slowly, she starts nodding. “Yeah,” she breathes. “Yes.”
Dean huffs. What the fuck is he supposed to do here? Charlie’s hard to deter when she's got her mind set on something, but
“How the hell are your fingers not icicles, dude? It’s like fifteen degrees outside,” Dean says, but he’s grateful for the warmth nonetheless. The harsh difference between the temperature of their hands stings deliciously as Cas’ heat starts to displace into Dean’s chilly fingers.
Cas puts a mug down in front of him and leans down to kiss his cheek. “There’s already sugar in it,” he says, and he turns back to keep helping Missouri with cinnamon rolls.
Only then does he sink into Dean, a hand covering his mouth as Cas fucks him slow and deep, so that his moans won’t be heard by anyone else in the house.
And, well, Dean supposes that he is
thank you so much.
Dean leans back on the couch just as Cas finishes up his spaghetti. He figures that Cas probably knows most of this already, he doesn’t seem all that affected either. Cas leans back with him and places a tentative hand on his knee, and Dean allows it. He stares at his mother and makes a motion with his hand, telling her to elaborate further.
Dean groans. They’ve only been studying for a little over an hour, but he feels like his head is about to explode. Why the fuck has he waited until the absolute last second to cram for his finals? Cas has been a big help, but
"Hello, Dean. I must have fallen asleep, I'm sorry," Cas says, and his eyes slip closed as he fucking
to cry during sex, he knows it. He can’t help it. He’s so overcome with the emotion of belonging to Cas, being under the love and protection of an
Dean turns over to face away from Cas, pulling the blankets over his shoulders. He readjusts a couple of times before he finally finds a position he knows he can fall asleep in, and he closes his eyes. He wants —
Cas turns his head toward Dean again, and he nods. “I think we will, Dean. I’d like to, if you’ll have us.”
Dean sighs and turns to face him again. He lays his hand atop Cas’ hesitantly. He doesn’t know if this is what Cas wants, if this will make him happy, but he has to try. He’d do just about anything for Cas. He curls his fingers around Cas’ hand, just barely inching closer. This is what Cas wants, right? This is what he needs. Dean can do that. He can give him this.
at how good this feels. He's sure he's never felt anything like it.
Cas sits down next to her, and Dean’s heart jumps into his throat when he sees the manila envelope Cas is holding. He knows what’s in there. It’s adoption papers. They’ve been talking about this since the first month they had Claire, and now it’s real. Dean had wondered if her birthday was a great time to bring it up, but they can still save the day with more presents later if she hates the idea.
“I guess you have it all sorted. Can I eat now?”
“Woah,” Dean finally speaks, and his eyes are wide. His pupils dilate a touch, if Cas isn’t mistaken. “Who are you?”
There’s a sharp intake of breath from Cas, and Dean turns to look at him and he’s as white as a ghost.
p.s. hooray birthday sex!
“Not even Charlie? Your best friend?”
“We have to do something,” Dean whispers. “I can’t just sit here anymore. I need to go look for him, Anna. I have to.”
“Get some rest, Dean,” Cas says gently. He presses a kiss into Dean’s sleep-mussed hair and shortly after, his breathing evens out.
The three of them bust up laughing, and that’s when Dean notices two empty bottles of wine and a third that’s about 3/4ths of the way gone. He rolls his eyes and nudges Cas with his elbow, “Looks like they got started without us.”
that everything starts to get cloudy and confusing.
He shouldn’t worry, not really. Dean’s not strong enough to do anything about his pain other than wallow in it until it inevitably subsides. Or maybe, it just won’t. Maybe he’s like this forever, maybe he wallows forever. Whatever, that’s fine. He’s gotta be around for Sammy. For Jack, too, even if Jack hates him with his whole being right now.
he thinks, and Jack’s eyes move to look at him for a split second before going right back to the nightlight, which is apparently the most interesting thing he can think of.
Cas stops (which,
Brooke nods quickly, “Of course, sorry. Um. Good luck. I think he’s okay, just faint from all the blood loss.”
Maybe he just feels weird baring his soul to his mother when he knows for a fact that she keeps a lifetime of secrets from him. Rosaries in jugs of water hidden around the house, weird pentagrams painted below carpets, patterns he can’t begin to try and decipher obscured by paintings hung on walls. She thinks she’s hidden them carefully, but she really hasn’t. He’s never questioned it, never felt like it was his place, even though this is his home. There’s also the whole thing with his dad, but there’s no way he’s diving into all of that with his mom. He’s pretty sure she doesn’t even know he’s started to remember.
Cas just cradles him to his chest again. “I’m so sorry,” he says. “That shouldn’t — you shouldn’t be having those dreams. I don’t know what’s happening,” he says.
right, so he ignores it. He hears a thump, and it makes him flinch. Sounds a lot like being four years old and sitting on the steps of his old house in Kansas, but he knows it’s not. Knows Mary wouldn’t do that, not to Cas. He thinks he hears
Cas just hums and closes his eyes again. He doesn’t have the energy for this game. Not after everything he went through yesterday. Part of him hopes that
He’s not about to fucking break. He’s already broken. Smashed to pieces the second his mother and Sam jumped into the pit together. There’s no more damage to be done, it’s already happened. He doesn’t appreciate Cas walking on eggshells around him and staring at him like he’s afraid he’s going to have to pick Dean up off the floor any second.
"You okay, buddy? Tired?" Beside-him Dean asks, and Cas just shakes his head, turning back to the TV with a new sort of stiffness, more intense than usual.
Cas blinks at him a few times, his face contorts into something between confusion and guilt. “I—“ he starts, shaking his head. “You don’t know anything about me, Dean.”
Cas swallows, Dean sees it, and he moves to straddle Dean’s lap. Well, he hadn’t exactly been expecting
“You look beautiful like this. So open, so honest. So good,” Cas says, pulling his fingers out only to insert his index along with them. This time, he doesn’t ease into it. Dean is open and relaxed enough that he can just press all three fingers all the way inside of him in one swift motion.
At least he’s not looking at Dean like he’s some sort of scared puppy anymore.
Sam. They’re the only two people in the world that can be trusted to do so.
Dean sits at the table and picks at the skin around his nails — a shitty habit that he should’ve broken ages ago. It’s lessened, since Cas, but it never fully went away. He kind of doubts that it ever will, especially when Cas leaves. He doesn’t have to worry about that today, though. He doesn’t have to worry about that at
been an accident, even if it was pleasant for himself) and tomorrow morning he’ll wake up with Dean’s head leaned atop his own, with Dean holding his hand.
All that being said, Dean’s not sure he exactly wants to see Cas. Not that he never wants to see him again, that’s not it at all -- it’s just -- he has no
“You mine, Cas?” Dean rumbles into his ear, his lips brushing the shell of it. “You like when I mark you up,” he states. There’s no doubt in his voice whatsoever. Castiel always thought himself to be a little less transparent than that, but he’s pretty sure the only thing holding him together right now is the way Dean’s body frames his own. He thinks that if Dean weren’t surrounding him, he might just disintegrate. Perhaps he’d simply float away, nothing but a passing thought in the mind of the man he loves most.
He supposes that if there's anyone he’s okay with admitting he needs, it’s Cas.
more paranoid, but Dean thinks that’s probably justified. More or less, they’re back to their normal selves.
Castiel immediately flips around between Dean’s legs, so that they’re nose-to-nose. He finds that Dean’s eyes are hazy, his lips are parted, and his pupils are dilated. He’s flushed with arousal from the tops of his ears all the way to the center of his chest. Dean has no excuse not to kiss him now. “Yeah, okay,” he breathes, and he leans forward to cover Castiel’s mouth with his own.
Mary puts her fork down and folds her hands on top of the table. “Where did you say you’re from?”
i never would’ve finished this story without them, and without YOU! yeah, you, reading this! all of your comments and kudos mean more to me than i could ever explain. thank u all so much 🥺💖💋
“So again and again, time after time, the angel was resurrected so that he could fight by the human’s side. And he did. Sometimes he strayed, sometimes he got lost. He didn’t always know which direction to go, and sometimes he would choose the wrong path. But in the end, the angel and the human always found their way back to one another. The human always forgave him, and the angel was more thankful for this than anything else in his entire life.”
“Nope,” Dean says. “You gotta eat. And I think it’s time to get you into the shower, baby. Or the bath, if you don’t think you can stand long enough. I love you, but you’re
Dean’s sitting in Cas’ lap, both hands tangled in his wings with Cas’ forehead pressed to the center of his chest. Cas is fucking up into him, blunt fingernails scraping the skin Dean’s back. It feels so good. Everything feels so good.
pretty after all, and definitely the only woman he’s ever felt enough attraction toward to sleep with more than once. He kisses her deep and thorough, much more intensely than he’d kissed Cas. He slips her some tongue and flips off the majority of the room when they get a round of wolf whistles.
“You okay, Dean?” he asks, meeting Dean at the front counter.
And just like that, the rest of the day progresses in unexpected normalcy. Cas heads directly to the library when they get back to the bunker, muttering something about new cases. That leaves Dean to get stuff ready for tonight.  They left Lincoln later than he expected, having to track the mother down at her job. So now there’s only an hour left before the game starts and Sam should be arriving around that time, with the beer Dean requested.
He’s not exactly sure what he and the man under him are going to do, what acts will be completed, but he does know one thing: he wants Cas. He needs his hot hands, his wet kisses, his low whimpers, his vibrating body.  Dean wants all of it.
Cas smirks. “You and I both know you like them,” he says, as Dean touches the corner of his eye.
Constantly travelling with John Winchester wasn’t exactly the most apt situation either.  It seemed John didn’t care about Dean’s emotional needs.  Was Dean fed?  Was he healthy? Was he safe?  Could he hunt?  That’s what mattered to John, that’s as far as his paternal instincts went.
“Do you not like human food anymore, dude?” Dean asks, as the angel passes the box to Sam without taking one.  Sometimes he would sporadically eat with them these last few months, mostly burgers and desserts though.
He untangles himself as fast as possible from the being he is holding. “Alright, Cas.” He tries very hard to ignore both his ragged breathing and the tilt Cas’s head is taking on. “It’s— we should really hit the hay— we need to go talk to that mom again, in the…” Dean trails off as Cas steps closer to him, mouth parted in an obscene shape.
Cas sits up, planting his hands on either side of Dean’s head, grinding harder at this angle.  Dean lifts his head to look down at their torsos.
Where he would normally pull Dean back against his chest, tonight he curls himself into Dean’s arms, burying his nose in Dean’s collarbone.
While it may feel like a lie, Cas knows in his heart it’s not.  Even if he gets angry at Dean for never wanting to talk about their continuing relationship, he certainly doesn’t expect any less.  He knows Dean does better with a clap on the shoulder and a beer being passed than with words, so even this much of an exchange between them is a stepping stone.  He wants Dean, so if that means having to coax the man’s emotions out of him bit by bit, then that’s what he has to do.
“I did not think Dean Winchester would be a lightweight,” Cas laughs, his voice full of carbonation.
.  Cas thrusts hard a few more times, biting Dean’s neck.
“Excuse you?” Dean’s voice is still high. “I’m not too drunk to kick ass, ever.”
“Hey, man, what can I say, I go where the music takes me.” Dean laughs lightly and walks to the bathroom to brush his teeth.
Instead, he ends up staring at the television thinking about Cas.  About the way he rubs their jaws together, their stubble catching; or how he’s run his fingers through his hair more often lately; and the time he spends kissing down his chest and torso, his lower stomach peppered with bruises the shape of Cas’s mouth.
Cas and Dean walk out of the room and decide to go upstairs, where there seems to be an awful lot of noise.  The hallway on the second floor is lined with body bags; it looks like a scene from some fucked up hospital corridor in a movie.
Castiel decides not to finish with the laundry and instead goes to find Dean.  He hears the muttering before he enters the hallway.
The two walk out of the coffee shop, two coffees and half a dozen donuts to split between them.  The hunter is thankful that Cas remains quiet the rest of the ride, slowly chewing his donuts, taking time to wipe his fingers clean before grabbing the next.
“Fine.” Sam’s voice shakes a little but he smiles and gestures that it’s his brother’s turn to open gifts.
Not sure how much time has passed, Dean sits back up when he starts to fall asleep.  Not in here, not tonight.  He’s not that pathetic.
.But Dean has no clue what he would do if he did….
At this, Castiel turns and begins to stride away, gathering his grace so he can return to the bunker.
, he keeps thinking.
Dean snorts. “I’m not letting you drive Baby.”
Cas purses his lips, not sure how to deal with all of the emotions he’s feeling.
He finally looked up at Dean.  Immediately pulling back and stepping away.  Dean slumped to the floor, eyes wide as he gawked at Castiel.  He wasn’t even angry.  He was terrified.  The fear Castiel saw behind his eyes, that made him let go, would be a sight he would never forget.  He never thought he’d be one to strike fear into Dean’s heart, not after everything they’d already been through.
Cas is absent from the bunker for four days before Dean completely crumbles and prays to him to return.  He only agrees to stay if they talk about his grace.  Dean concedes but gives no definite timeline besides “eventually.”
Both hearts beat harder than they have all night, and Dean’s pretty sure this is the hardest his heart
“Are you hurt, sir?” She’s eyeing the front of his clothes, soaked in Dean’s blood.
Dean’s one hand is still on Cas’s belly, fingers scratching at the hair trailing downwards, and his other hand grips Cas’s shoulder for leverage. He opens his eyes and looks down, their bodies moving towards each other bit by unbearable bit,
“Okay, man, I get it.” The hunter can’t suppress another gag as the two pass the bags of bloody viscera.  A man’s mangled face looms in a bag the medics didn’t zip all the way. “Can you not smell that shit?” Dean asks Cas, noticing his face is too soft for the smells in this hallway. Two EMTs carry out another body bag and lay it down in line.
He hears the turn of the lock and the scrape of the door as it opens.  Assuming it’s Sam letting me out to use the bathroom, he stands up.  When he turns around he comes face to face with Dean.
Both brothers turn to stare at Cas, amazed at his trash talk.  Then they bust out laughing.  Dean opens up two more beers, handing one to Cas with a loose smile on his face.
Then, the longer they were together, especially after Dean admitted to Sam the nature of their relationship, Dean would steal himself little moments of joy.  Whether it be pulling Cas up against him out back of a bar, grabbing Cas’s hand while driving, or not shying away when Cas told him how
“Well, whose do you have right now?” There’s a tone of shock in his voice that he can’t suppress.
It’s the first time they’ve done anything remotely romantic in Sam’s presence, thankfully Dean doesn’t puke.
It has been fifty-three days since Sam left the bunker.  It’s been fifty-three days since Sam has been mentioned between them by name.  It’s been fifty-three days since the bunker has had any semblance of calm.  It has been more than that since Castiel has been able to have a normal conversation with Dean.
Dean shakes his head. “Everybody knows that. Bottom-of-the-barrel demons know that. Try harder,” he says, even though he really doesn’t want to. He wants to believe it’s Cas, he really does, but he can’t. He just
“I got you a chocolate chip waffle, two eggs over medium, an order of bacon, an order of hashbrowns, and a slice of toast. Not that you asked, but I got the same for myself. Except I got sausage, not bacon. And my waffle is plain.”
Dean stands up off the couch to offer to drive him, but Cas shoots him down. “It’s alright, Dean. I have a ride,” he says. He hesitates for a moment, and then he wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders in a hug that isn’t anywhere near as awkward as it should be.
look him in the face. “That’s probably for the better. You weren’t yourself,” he says, and he turns his head to look out the window of the motel room. He catches sight of Dean staring at him in his peripheral, so he flicks his eyes to meet Dean’s for a split second. He turns his head and goes right back to staring at his feet.
Dean sighs and swings his legs up into the bed and gets under the covers with Cas. He turns off the light and lays down facing him, on the arm that isn't cut. "It's okay, Cas. It's nothin', barely even a scrape. It'll heal in a day or two." Their faces are close, Dean can tell. The only indication is Cas' warm breath hitting his face, but it's comforting. It's so nice, and it hurts so,
He drives home with Cas’ hand in his hair, rubbing slow circles into his scalp.
Dean sighs. “It… it’s okay, Cas. Nice of you, even. I’m just… stubborn.”
"Thanks, Sammy." Dean smiles gratefully and bashfully before he walks back over to make himself another sandwich. He, Sam, and Cas sit at the table together and have lunch.
Dean just shakes his head and rubs at the back of his neck. “No big deal, pal. Least I could do after almost getting you killed and then ripping your dream life away,” he sighs, not meeting Cas’ eyes.
“Sound so good for me, sweetheart,” Dean whispers, and his voice cracks. He’s becoming erratic with his movement now, and Castiel wonders if that means that Dean’s close. He wonders if Dean will come inside of him. He hopes for it.
But of course, he
Dean grins wide for the camera as he shakes hands with the Dean of Kansas University, holding his diploma against his chest. He’s pretty sure he can hear Sammy cheering louder than anyone else in the crowd.
“Why?” Dean inquires, and the shaking intensifies. “Why would you take that from me?”
Dean dips his head to start kissing at Cas’ neck and the little bit of his exposed collarbone from where the collar of the t-shirt has been stretched by years of being worn. Cas holds the back of his head with one hand and slips the other underneath the hem of Dean’s shirt. “Nothin’,” Dean says, shrugging off Cas. question.
worse, but it didn’t. It’s fine, and now he can pick up the phone and call Sam pretty much whenever. Dean takes a few seconds to collect himself before stuffing his phone into the pocket of Sam’s old gym shorts and standing up. He readjusts his clothes and wipes his eyes so he can at least
The coffee’s hot on his feet where it splashed. It hurts. He deserves it, though, so it’s fine. He stands and stares at his bare feet and his coffee-stained jeans, and he watches splotches of red bloom on his skin. Those burns will probably blister, and he’ll deserve every second of pain from them.
“You’re gonna have to remind me, Cas,” Dean says, breathless. He turns over in Cas’ arms, and his whole face is flushed. His bottom lip is swollen like he’s been chewing on it.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “With any luck, it’ll stick. We’ll — I dunno. Build a snowman, or something.”
friends on the face of the earth? Kind of fucking inconvenient. He nods anyway, because he knows there’s nothing he can do to convince her otherwise. He pulls her into a hug and tucks her head under his chin before kissing her right on the forehead. “Don’t you die down there,” he says against her skin. “If you do, I’ll find a way to resurrect you and kill you all over again myself.”
There’s Cas, too. Bobby and Ellen. Sam and his mom have options, if they don’t feel like talking to him about it. They’ll get the help they need, even if they can’t go to an actual psychiatrist with their real problems.
"Cas, if you had never made that deal with The Empty," Cas stiffens visibly, "Would you have told me? Ever?"
Dean’s awestruck. What the
Dean thinks, and even in his head he sounds small.
“It just seemed easier than admitting that I—“ he still has trouble, saying this part aloud. Through gritted teeth, he continues, “—that I was wrong. I shouldn’t have—“ he cuts himself off again, because there’s a lump caught in his throat, one that he can’t seem to swallow back down. It escapes him in the form of a sob, and he gets down on one knee.
“Are you kidding me, dude? Chicks go crazy over that shit. Go put ‘em back on, maybe you’ll get lucky tonight,” Dean winks when he says it, and he wishes he hadn’t. He almost wishes he hadn’t said it at all. If Cas is gonna get lucky with anyone, Dean can only hope it’ll be him.
Dean feels Cas go completely still against him, and Dean squeezes his hand again. “S’okay, Cas,” he manages, tipping his head back over. Neither of them move for a long time, but Cas relaxes considerably.
And now, assuming this isn’t some cruel prank (which is, as he’s learned, entirely possible), he’ll
It’s even worse with food,” he complains, but he’s got a goofy, gummy grin on his face as he speaks. He throws an arm around Dean and leans over on his shoulder, “But we love him. Even though he’s a grump.”
Cas feels around in the dark until his hand finds Dean’s, and Dean laces their fingers together. He stays still. “There. Better. Go to sleep,” he says.
Charlie grins ear to ear. “Computer Science. It sounds a lot more boring than it is.”
He stares.
Dean smiles, studies Cas’ face. “Love you back,” he says quietly.
He can't let Cas down.
Eventually he settles on one of the hundreds of medical dramas that exist, watching it relatively numbly while being entirely too aware of how close Cas sits to him on the couch.
There’s no way that actually
“No,” Dean says, and Cas’ thumb slips free. “Your mouth. Want your mouth,” he says softly.
"Okay, Dean. Thank you," Cas smiles, curling his fingers around Dean's wrist for a moment before he heads for the bathroom. This is another one of those times where Dean wishes he could just hop in with him, he just wants to be clean. He doesn't even really have an ulterior motives for wanting to shower with Cas. He just wants this vamp stench off him, like, yesterday.
Dean nods, slings Sam’s diaper bag over his shoulder, and then his own bag over the other one so he’s slightly more balanced. “We’re going now?” he asks.
Dean smiles and helps him stand up and step out onto the bath mat. The water will probably run cold for a few seconds when he turns the shower on, and he doesn’t want Cas to be colder than he needs to be.
Sam explains what Eileen's been up to, tells them about the quick salt-and-burn they worked while he was away. He tells them he's back earlier than he expected to be because another hunter needed Eileen on a case in another state. He watches them be disgustingly in love, and he smiles. Dean wonders if Sam maybe saw it before he himself did. Everyone and their mothers had been making quips about him and 'the angel' being in love since Cas set foot in that barn in 2008. He wonders if Sam isn't as shocked as he should be because nothing has really changed, not really.
Dean brushes some hair off of Cas’ forehead, trails his fingers down Cas’ cheek. Cas cracks wide open. Dean says, “Never thought what, angel?” before leaning down to kiss at his neck some more. If Cas isn’t mistaken, he thinks Dean might be leaving marks in his skin.
He hears Dean’s hand dip into the water, the gentle slosh of it. He sighs. “Jesus, Cas, aren’t you cold?” is all he says.
“Sorry,” Cas says softly, embarrassed. “I already…” he trails off, hiding his face in Dean’s neck.
buddy,” he admits, and he steps a little closer.
brother.” With this, he lets go of Cas and heads back up to the attic to lay back down in bed and pretend he doesn’t exist. He hopes Cas has the sense not to follow him.
It’s kind of a stupid idea, really, if he’s being totally honest. But other than this, they don’t really have anything at all. Surely, if it was a good idea, Cas would’ve thought of it himself.
Cas just nods and relaxes back into the couch, relaxes into
Cas stands up and hauls Dean up with him, fishing the keys to his truck out of his pocket with his free hand. He walks past Sam and Rowena with one hand curled around Dean’s bicep.
he spits. He turns around and tries to head inside, but Dean claps a hand down on his shoulder.
“Not exactly,” she begins, which is a fucking relief. “But kind of.” Well, shit.
His hands tremble where they hold on to Cas’, and Cas only notices now, when he focuses, that Dean is gripping his fingers hard enough to break them. If Cas were human, surely Dean would have snapped at least one bone in his hand by now. Dean’s eyes are glassy, much like they had been in the bathroom of the motel. His mouth hangs open, like he’s trying to find words to say so that Cas will stop speaking, but he can’t make himself say anything. Or maybe like he just can’t find the words.
Dean huffs out a laugh and grabs a plate, watching everyone else fill their own before he decides to go for it. Cas is just barely ahead of him, and Dean frowns slightly at how little is on his plate. “Dude, it’s Thanksgiving. It’s one of the only days of the year you can eat so much that you think you’ll explode and not feel bad. You always eat like a bird, man.”
