A few moments of thrust and parry is all it takes to disarm the general. Dean gains a cut upon his right cheek during the fight, such as it was, but the blood dripping off his chin and rolling down his throat doesn’t even register to him.
Sam and Dean share a look with each other, one that says, Damn aren’t we lucky. They grin at each other, all tension between them evaporated for the moment.
Dean grunts and yawns. He stumbles over to find the coffee is all gone, groans, and does his best with water and some canned fruit.
Sam looks at him, exasperated. “I’m not doing it on purpose!” He sighs. “This hole really isn’t big enough for the two of us.”
When he hears the faintest crunch of snow, he stands and turns quickly, his dagger already in his hand. When he sees Sam approaching, he relaxes and sheathes it, then picks up Dean’s cloak where it had fallen as he stood.
Sam trails off and Castiel stays quiet, though that’s partially to avoid breathing in the smell. Something slithers past his legs and he grits his teeth.
Castiel looks at him, that earlier sadness returned. His lips part as if to answer, but the wolf howls again just then. Castiel glances into the wood then back at Sam and squints, frowning slightly.
It takes him a moment of looking through the user dashboard of "noonesuspectsimsam0502" for him to realize what, exactly, it is. A website for fiction. Fiction based on other fiction.
They are both tired now, panting with effort, but this. This is where he thrives, devoid of hope, filled with rage, at the last minute. Zachariah lunges, and Dean sees his opportunity. He yanks his dagger out of his belt and stabs upward just in time.
“There was very little to do,” Castiel says. “I took to exploring the woods wherever we stopped. This was one of my favorite spots.”
“Good to see you.” His eyes flicker over to Sam. “And who’s this...large specimen? Got tired of Winchester already?
There’s a sudden snarling, and all three men look up to see a black wolf standing at the clearing, fangs bared. The one in the trap is nowhere as big or as black as this wolf.
“I didn’t desert, I escaped,” Dean corrects. “Michael wanted me to-” he shakes his head. “Doesn’t matter. Yes, Cas came with me. Then Michael showed up again and things went to hell.”
When they are done, Dean suggests they get going, automatically assuming that Sam will come with him. This rankles, but lacking anything better to do, and not really wanting to go on his own if he doesn’t have to, Sam agrees, and they pack up the camp.
Face set in a grim line, Michael turns back to his paperwork and gathers a few field reports. He’ll instruct every captain and advisor at this afternoon’s meeting to increase their vigilance and their defenses.
Sam tries to shake off the hawk, encouraging it to go to Dean. The bird is singularly unimpressed at his efforts.
“Was that...was that acceptable? What I did?” Cas's voice is low and his breath is warm in Dean's ear.
Sam looks around for something he can use to block off the door. There are three entrances to the war room, and Sam intends only one of them to be usable in the upcoming confrontation.
"We, uh, hung out at a tavern most of the night. Had a few drinks and talked." Sam shakes his arm again. "Oh come on! Go on, go to Dean, you silly bird, go to your master."
While Sam is busy doing that and Dean fills Baby up, Castiel gets up to walk around the place. Being cooped up for so long has gotten to him as well.
Dean huffs out a laugh. "Yeah, thanks for that," he mutters and looks at Cas. "What? Angels can scent people too now? Ridiculous." Dean sits down on the edge of the bed.
“You are definitely not the only one who missed certain parts,” Dean says, and gets a small chuckle. Dean wraps a hand around Cas and strokes, the chuckle turns into a filthy groan.
"To surrender at last?" Michael asks, then sighs. ”I suppose not. You always were too prideful, Winchester. Thinking you know better than anyone else." Michael nods to Zachariah, who grins and moves around the table, drawing his sword as he goes.
Castiel cries out as the wolf plunges into the lake, and he runs forward. He’s two steps onto the ice before sense catches him and he drops, crawling forward to help spread his weight. He can see the wolf thrashing in the water, hears the pitiful whimpers, noises that go straight to his already-battered heart.
Dean doesn't know when his feet moved, but he, too, is closer, his sword dropping to his side. He raises his free hand, reaching.
Castiel climbs in, and it really is a tight fit, but with perseverance and Sam reaching from above to help pull him up, he manages to get out.
When the road swings towards the moat, Bobby slows and halts the horses. As the cart stops, Sam and Cas both slide off it.
As soon as Sam leaves, Dean goes to his saddlebag. He pulls out a bundle of letters, pressing them to his lips for a moment before setting to the side and pulling out a silver dagger. He holds it, unsheathing it for a moment before looking through the chinks in the barn wall towards the setting sun.
When Zachariah enters, Sam has to resist the urge to hide his face. He’s the only one here who might recognize Sam. But Zachariah is too intent on his conversation with a man in an elaborate long coat.
There’s a screeching from above, and a hawk dives into the fray, harrying the archers with wings and talons. It keeps those two far too busy to fire their arrows again.
Dean nods and they start, but it's too late. There’s a shout from the direction of the camp, and several men come running or riding towards them.
Cas’s expression flickers rapidly between confusion, surprise, nervousness, before settling on something like longing.
Now the three of them look around the small cabin, which has only three rooms and, thankfully, a small bathroom. There’s enough dust to suggest that no one has been here in at least a year, if not longer.
A few minutes later, rustling below has his eyes opening. He grimaces, quietly crawling to the edge of the loft to look below.
Late morning finds Dean sitting across the table from Sam, both looking for cases on their respective laptops. Dean pulls at his shirt, still too warm. He's also extremely hungry.
Castiel helps pull Sam out of the water, and then together they manage to chivy and push the wolf across the ice, tying the rope loosely around it so that Bobby can help reel him in.
He hands Impala’s reins off to Sam, who takes them, though not without some difficulty, since he needs to hold them with the same hand as the arm the hawk is on. The hawk protests the jostling of its perch, flapping its wings, ready to take off if it must, but determined to stay where it is. Impala snorts and shakes her head when the wings hit her, but she stays still otherwise.
“Yes,” Cas murmurs, barely loud enough for Sam to hear. The angel places a kiss on his forehead, then says into Sam’s ear, “You are worried about Dean. Don’t be. I will talk to him tomorrow. For now though, you should rest.”
Then Sam has a grip and holds Ishim fast. Ishim swears, and Castiel picks himself up as the other two wrestle, Ishim trying to get out of Sam’s expert hold.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “I mean, there are other concerns when two dudes do that. Like, size. I think my cock is bigger, so I'd top."
Cas hestiates. Dean waits. He wants every part of Cas, and god, he can’t believe he’s saying no to this, but making love was Cas’s idea and Dean is going to do that. They’ll have time for other things later.
Sam also spends some time examining Castiel’s wings, running his hands over the feathers while Dean looks on.
“Don’t you get it? The curse. Is. Unbreakable.” Dean grimaces, looking down. “But you’re right. This is my only chance. To kill Michael and get my-
He tries to quietly climb down the ladder, but the wood creaks, and his step is not light. The figure turns and sees him, then drops the flap of the saddlebag and dashes out of the barn.
While he runs, the other archer takes aim for him and wings him in the shoulder. By then Sam has reloaded and he shoots that man, another non fatal shot, but it takes him down. He reloads, another bolt streaking for him that he ducks as he fumbles the bolt into the slot. He gets it up, aims, and gets that man. The one wounded by the hawk runs for it and Sam lets him go, running instead for Dean and the hawk.
“Yeah, well,” Sam says. He and Dean exchange a glance, Dean’s contrite and apologetic, Sam’s understanding, but still annoyed and angry. “It was the wolf that did that, not you.”
The walls are not as well insulated as they’d hoped, and the cold seeps in. The two humans shiver. Castiel watches them, thinking over an idea.
Or so he thought, because even though Dean’s dick is exactly as he recalls, Castiel is no longer looking at it as another body part to repair, but as part of the man he is very much in love with and attracted to. He… wants.
“I know,” Dean says, just as quiet. “It’s just…” he trails off and then half shrugs, the movement awkward.
Cas’s hand twitches and the door slams shut behind him. The angel’s eyes search the hunter’s face, and there’s something else other than lust and confusion in them. Something like hope. Dean leans forward and hesitantly kisses Cas, lips barely brushing.
“No. I remember...flashes, sometimes, of flight, other images, scents, sensations. Things that make no sense.” He shrugs, then winces. “They aren’t human memories, more like...dreams.”
“You keep an eye on him, then. And good, you can have the loft, and I’ll take the stall.” He yawns. “Might just turn in now. Try not to disturb me.” Dean’s lips quirk slightly. “You how I am: liable to take your head off before I know it’s you.”
“Well, you won’t have to live in this hellhole and eat our shitty gruel anymore,” the guard says. “So that’s a bonus.  Move to the door, hands behind your back.”
Then he pushes, and Dean looks at him and sees the hunger there. He’s sure his own gaze matches. Cas pushes him back, and Dean goes down willingly.
good at what I did. Got the promotion to captain within two years. Pissed a lot of folks like Zachariah off, of course. Upstart commoner and all that. Still, Michael liked me and I got results. That was good enough for most people.”
"One more thing," Michael says, still looking at his map. "Try not to kill the hawk. It's more...valuable than it looks. I'd like it alive, if possible. "
Michael is not an opponent to be trifled with under normal circumstances, but these are not normal circumstances. Dean's mind is devoid of anything but hatred for this man, and the desire to finally exact his revenge.
Cas’s eyes crinkle and he brings a hand to stroke Dean’s face. Dean leans into it, and then pulls Cas into a kiss. It's brief, but it’s pleasant, and Cas seems happy.
Sam rises, yawning. He stretches, one arm raised to the side. He hears the call of the hawk, the whoosh of the hawk's wings just before a weight settles on his outstretched arm. Startled, Sam jerks in surprise. "What the-?"
Dean doesn’t look at Cas, but says, “The blanket thing. You take those tonight and Cas can, uh, spoon me, I guess.”
Castiel nods, slightly. They’d had too many false leads before, of course Dean feels that way. Castiel is not as easily put off.
And yet, he cannot have one Winchester without the other, even if he only wanted one. Their bond is too strong. Even when they are apart, they always return to each other. He wonders if they realize that.
Ishim remains in the tavern a little longer, before he calls over the barmaid and pays. He leaves, the women remaining behind. Castiel gets up the second Ishim exits the tavern.
“I’m surprised, but, no.” He half smiles. “You should see Dean when he talks about you. His entire face lights up. I’ve never seen him like that.”
“We should be able to leave tomorrow,” Castiel tells them. “Boreas’s spell should be completely gone by then.”
Sam closes his eyes and leans his forehead against Cas’s; Cas tilts his in answer. Their noses brush and Sam falls asleep again soon after, to the gentle caresses of Cas’s hand over his hair and back.
Dean looks at them again, expression hard. “Don’t follow me. I have enough enemies to deal with in front of me.”
Sam finishes soon after and they pack up their gear back on the horses with quick efficiency before mounting up.
It had seemed a great idea five minutes ago, hiding behind that disused shed. Now he reconsiders, as he all but crawls through the sewer muck. The drain had sloped down and he had army-crawled through it until it met the main sewers, which were just barely large enough that he didn't feel like he was going to get stuck trying to escape this way.
“One of my men told me you returned. I wanted to cut his throat for lying, because I knew you weren’t that stupid.”
Sam and Bobby watch him go. A moment later, the hawk flies after Dean, and they watch him go as well.
“I can help keep you warm,” Castiel repeats. “If you will allow it, I can help insulate you with my wings.” He demonstrates, taking a step closer, and (not without a little nervousness and hesitation that he conceals) he wraps one wing each over the two boys, embracing them loosely. He lets his grace burn hotter with the proximity, and hopes they can feel it. He will need to be closer for this to be more effective, but even at this range, it seems to help. He steps back.
But he’d promised them all to wait, give it a chance, so he sits there as the morning drags by, endless. He stares up towards the stained glass windows of the great hall. Michael is likely already there now, his councilors trickling in. Dean wonders idly how long it will take Sam to reach the room and infiltrate it. Is he there yet?
As Zachariah stops talking and his conversational partner takes position in the center of the table, everyone hushes their conversations to attend to him. Sam realizes that this must be Michael, the general of Aquila and the cause of all Dean and Cas’s grief. Sam studies the general with interest.
"I told you I was gonna stab you in your fucking face," Dean says, and yanks out the dagger. Zachariah tilts and falls to the ground. He convulses for a few seconds, blood pooling, then stills, dead.
Cas actually smiles properly, one corner of his mouth lifting up. “Us. The three of us. You don’t have to worry,” he says, and kisses Sam.
Sam scoffs, incredulous. “Dude, have you met yourself? Besides, he’s a god. They hold grudges for centuries.”
Dean eyes them for a long moment, several expressions crossing his face. “You do know I get him tonight,” he finally says to Sam.
The rabbit is ready soon after, and Dean splits the meat between them. They eat in silence, while the hawk looks on and the horses graze.
Unsettled, Sam finishes the rest of the meat as quickly as he can manage, damps the fire and heads for the barn, trying not to trip in the twilight darkness. He climbs up to the loft and lays down, sighing.
"What? I'm fine." Dean doesn't like the way Sam is looking at him. "I'm fine, Sammy, really. Just hungry."
Sam heads for it, and is relieved to find this grate in even worse condition than the one in the courtyard. He pushes it and it swings out on creaky hinges.
Captain Zachariah Marquet enters the dungeons with two men at his back. It’s execution day in Aquila, and he likes to personally take care of escorting the prisoners to the gallows, making sure everyone is in their proper place.
Sam wakes again, the angel still curled around him, but without the hands in his hair. Cas’s gaze and smile is fond as Sam opens his eyes, but when Sam hears the door to the bathroom open and shut, he understands why.
Castiel pulls back, until he is as far against the side of the pit as he can manage. The wolf’s eyes are all the way open now, and he lifts his head, curious.
Castiel nods, seemingly frozen in place, but he’s breathing hard and his eyes track Dean as the hunter starts to pace again. Dean stops and looks at Cas with sudden suspicion. “The hell is happening here? How can you even...even be…?” He gestures at Cas’s body. “Jimmy was a goddamn beta, wasn’t he?”
Castiel follows and helps them move the mattress. Then, as soon as the mattress is on the floor, he begins to remove both his trench coat and his suit jacket.
“Stick him on the cot,” Bobby says, and turns to rummage in a cabinet. “Then go get me some water from the well out back and put it on to boil.”
“Yeah, I think so,” Sam says. “My only plan a week ago was to get out of Aquila and start a new life. Bobby’s is as good a place for that as any.”
Cas gasps in shock when Dean touches him, pulling just far enough back to look into Dean's eyes, his mouth half opened and Dean immediately yanks the angel's head forward with his free hand mashing their lips together as they both stroke each other, Dean teaching Cas how to properly handle a cock, sliding his thumb over the uncovered slit, pleased to find that Jimmy had apparently been a
When the guard comes back, he’s supporting another man. Zachariah recognizes him as one of the regular prison guards.
The thief hears him when Sam is only a few steps behind, the leaves beneath his feet too damp to crunch but not enough to mute all noise. The thief turns sharply at the noise. Sam registers it as the same man from the previous night, and he lunges towards the man, intent on driving the thief off. Instead of fleeing, the man takes his lunge as an attack and meets him, blocking the lunge and punching out. Sam narrowly avoids the blow. They circle each other, eyeing each other up.
“You’re to be my protector, are you?” Faint amusement crinkles the lines around Cas’s eyes. “Well, you are a formidable fighter, if a little out of practice.”
The storm abates very little during the night, but it seems to lessen as the Winchesters sleep, only to renew as dawn breaks.
“It’s too late, that meeting will be over soon, and I’ll have no easy way to get to him. Dammit Bobby, I can’t wait any longer!”
Dean opens his mouth to say something, make a joke perhaps. Instead what comes out is, “I really should get up.”
The only sound for the next minute is the crackle of the fire as Sam processes this. It...fits. It’s the last fragment of the mystery he’s been traveling with the past two days.
“He’s no more a pet than Impala is,” Dean says, laying the strip on a piece of leather. “Besides, he’s useful and brought us dinner, so don’t complain.”
Cas's hands slip downward and Dean gasps as the angel slides his hands under his clothes, under the elastic of his boxers to take hold of Dean's cock.
“We’re at the wrong end of the castle,” he tells Sam. “You need to get to the other end to find the war room. Michael usually holds his meetings in the afternoon, so you should have time.”
, hands and knees in front of him, he’ll take that one’s part of the curse and put it on the other. One human, one animal, no more changing for either.”
“Have I? What exactly will you do now, the two of you? My offer still stands. Come back to the fold. I’ll even let you keep up…” he waves a hand vaguely. “This, if you like.”
“I’m just going to check on whatever that is,” he says cheerfully, and reaches for the handle of the door, pulling it open a few inches.
Dean grins at him, and then urges Impala into a walk, heading back to the road and into their continued future together.
Bobby climbs back onto the cart, takes up the reins and clicks to the horses. They start off again, heading for the entrance to the castle. Cas and Sam turn towards the moat.
“How’s your shoulder?” Sam asks, breaking the long silence. They’ve been riding for an hour, not a word spoken between them.
“You’re okay,” he sighs, eyes closing again. “Good.” The words are slurred and barely audible, and Dean is asleep again in seconds.
“As long as there is night and day, yes. The exact phrasing was ‘The cursed must stand before the caster, on a day without night and a night without day.’ And in three days time, there will be such a day.”
He’d started the fire, checked that Impala was groomed and fed, then sat down against the tree and worried.
Michael permits himself the tiniest of smiles. Perhaps his fortunes are about to change for the better.
“For a very long time, I thought the same. I was...pleased when that wasn’t the case. Surprised, but…” Castiel trails off, and looks a little distant, fondness in his eyes. “He thought I hated him at first. He was a good fighter and his men loved him, but he took so many risks...but that was part of his value to the general, why
Checking that no one has seen him emerge, Sam wraps his arms around himself and sets off away from this cursed place.
When Michael had taken over Aquila and adopted its castle as his fortress, he had walked into the banquet hall-impressive as it was, with a high table and stained glass windows lining the walls-and decided even as the blood of the former castle lord was drying on his sword, that he was going to make this his war room.
Castiel is frozen, as he rapidly tries to understand what’s happening. He involuntarily breathes in again, that scent like gunmetal and leather, burnt apples and wood smoke. A smell that is so very, very, “Dean.” Castiel stares at the hunter as he realizes what’s happening. This can’t, shouldn’t be possible.
Ishim heads back to a small group of ladies. Castiel watches him go, eyes following every movement. His expression promises violence.
Bobby and Sam finish off their opponents, one dead, the other surrendering when he sees his general defeated for the second time that day. Together, they turn to watch the rest of the drama unfold.
Sam turns to see a cloaked figure turning away. At first he thinks it’s Dean, then the figure turns to look back at him
Dean shrugs. “Yeah, probably just frustrated with being cooped up.” Dean leans forward and takes the chance to kiss his angel. Cas kisses back very lightly, then he pulls back.
Sam wakes first, stretching slightly as he yawns. Castiel turns his head to face him. He meets Sam’s eyes as they open, the hunter looking startled for a moment before appearing to collect himself.
The guard is expecting it, of course. He raises his sword, but Sam manages to get to him before he can strike and knocks the sword out of his hand. It clatters to the ground.
Castiel glances up at him briefly, then returns to the story in front of him, eyes squinted, as he reads further, even as he answers, "No. Reading."
He takes a moment to steady himself, then jumps into the water and starts swimming for the other side.
The hawk swoops up, shrieking yet again, its victim bleeding from the face. The bleeding man shouts curses and yells something to his compatriots, telling them to shoot the cursed thing.
Sam cracks open the door to the spare room. Castiel is leaning against the wall, eyes cast out the window, a quill in his hand and a sheet of paper resting on a book propped in his lap. He glances at the door when he hears the door creak open, acknowledges Sam with a nod before returning his gaze to the woods outside.
It is as he is reading a particularly well written one of these “PWPs”, when Dean enters the room. "Hey, Cas. Whatcha got there? Found us a case?"
“You’d agree with me, right?” he asks the bird, bringing it as close as he dares to his chest. “That their plan won’t work? It’s impossible. Ridiculous.”
Castiel puts his wings away soon after, once the heater has warmed up the cabin enough that they are no longer needed.
“I love both of you,” the angel says. “You both…” this time he hesitates, searching for the appropriate words, then goes on, “want me as well. And you and Sam are close-”
“No!” Dean shouts again, desperate, and with a quick thrust and slash, he dispatches his opponents and runs for the hawk.
“It’s so bright,” Cas explains, when he catches Dean looking at him. “And there are so many colors. I’d forgotten.”
"Well, well, well," a voice says from behind him. "If it isn't Commander Castiel. I'd heard you'd died."
“Okay,” Dean says, perplexed. Castiel smiles, his hand lingering for a moment  on Dean’s arm before he turns.
Ishim just manages to duck Sam’s attempted hold, but in doing so Castiel manages to get a swipe in, opening up a line of blood across Ishim’s arm. Ishim hisses a curse, and swipes with his own dagger. Castiel steps back to avoid it.
There’s the sound of the toilet flushing, so Sam stops. He heads to the bathroom, and passes Dean without a word.
So he lets himself relax further into Cas’s embrace and tries to sleep again. It doesn’t come, but he does drift in and out of that half wakeful half dozing state that he rarely gets to enjoy. Their life doesn’t allow much for mornings like this.
“God yes,” Dean says. He turns, and kisses Cas properly, lips slotting together. Cas parts his lips and Dean takes the invitation to slip his tongue in.
He sees his fear reflected in Cas's face, as Cas looks at him then at the light of the window. Cas steps into it, bracing himself.
Satisfied that Michael has obeyed him, Dean drops the collar and steps back, so that Michael is forced to see him and Cas together.
The bird flies up and lands on the roof of the woodshed and shrieks at him, then it flaps and takes off again, calling as it circles over the fortress. Sam watches it for just a moment, praying this is in fact the last time that will ever happen.
“What, do you expect to find him here? Hiding under the war table, perhaps?” He wrinkles his nose, taking in the dusty state of the captain, who appears to have neither shaved nor bathed yet that day. “And to appear before your general in such...condition.”
“We’ll have to hope the spell wears off soon,” Sam says with a sigh. “I can’t even get a phone signal in here.”
There is more silence over the next couple of minutes. Castiel continues reading as he waits for whatever comeback Dean is working his way towards.
The knot in his throat tightens as Dean answers, voice rough with suppressed emotion, "Cas is dead."
Bobby rises and lays a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “I’m truly sorry you got involved with this. But I fear you may be trapped in this tragic tale with the rest of us.” He leaves, walking outside.
“Fuck,” Dean says. He’s hard, he’s been hard for ages now, but it’s been a background thing to having Cas here with him, able to look at him, touch him, kiss him. Dean watches him, amazed, unable to believe this isn’t another dream.
Castiel rummages a little more, then gives up his search and joins Sam by the fire. They don’t talk, but Castiel watches him like a hawk. His gaze is intense, and Sam gets the oddest impression that Castiel is searching his face for...something, Sam doesn’t know what. The staring goes on far past comfort. Sam coughs.
When he raises his head, he hears the shouts and alarms, but they are all muffled, inside the walls. They must not know he’s escaped the confines of the fortress. Sam grins, but wary of celebrating too soon, he swims faster, and soon gains the shore.
Dean nods. They ride a little further until snowflakes begin to fall. Dean grimaces, and pulls them to a stop.
The advisors move to the sides of the room, keeping out of the way. Michael watches, arms folded, his back to the stained glass windows.
“I can help keep you both warm,” Castiel says. He offers the trench coat to Sam and the jacket to Dean. Mystified, both take the offered clothing, clearly seeing the practical value of the action.
Cas withdraws his hand from the wolf’s cage, the beast seeming a little calmer now. He turns to Bobby and nods to him.
“I was going to say that to you,” he admits. He pauses and considers, because this is important. Then he nods. “Yeah, I think so. It’s...going to be awkward, but...I think so?”
The sun reaches its zenith, and Bobby silently hands Dean a bit of bread for their lunch. Dean accepts it, and forces himself to eat it.
Sam considers how he might convince this stranger to simply tell him. While he’s deciding between “pretty please” and “fuck Dean, just tell me”, Castiel fetches another bit of firewood and tosses it in.
The view is stunning. This high up, he has a view over the forest below, and can see for miles upon miles. The sun hasn’t yet set, but the low fall of light still paints the landscape in gorgeous colors.
“The storm has lessened,” he says. He considers for a moment, then glances back to them. With a whoomph, his wings disappear, pulled back to invisibility. “I’m going to get more firewood.”
“I’m sure the general will understand you depriving him of that pleasure. He’s a very...forgiving sort of man.”
"Anything interesting?" Dean comes over, laying a hand on Castiel's shoulder as he leans over to read the screen. Castiel waits for the inevitable reaction.
He tries to focus instead on the physical sensations instead. Soft, slightly chapped lips on his neck, goosebumps and tingles running through him with each one. The muscular thigh, pressed against his, the hard line of the the angel's cock against his hip, his own hardness against the angel's. The feel of teeth pressing against his neck, hands sliding over his back. The sound of Cas breathing in.
Then he spots an open door and turns through it into another corridor. He follows the passage, turning at the second door he comes to. This one leads to a hall with windows on one side, and on the same side as those, a door that leads outside.
Dean turns to look back at Cas, and for a long moment, they just gaze at each other. Dean lifts his hand and runs his fingertips over Cas's jaw, his lips. Cas’s eyes fall closed, his lips parting slightly as he leans into the touch. He opens his eyes again and lifts a hand, mirroring Dean’s touch.
"Guess you can still smell wolf on me huh. Well, you don't have to worry about that ‘till nightfall."
“I had hoped to get just the one of you back, but this is actually much better. Come back, and your sins will be forgiven. That troop in the hills, poor dead Marquet here. I have tasks that could use your unique skills. Both of you.”
“It was pie, Sam, and I didn’t fucking know that some asshole god had staked a claim on it!” Dean shoots back, likewise peeling off a soaked jacket. “How the hell was I supposed to know he’d send the mother of all blizzards after us for a simple misunderstanding? You think I would do that shit on purpose?”
The wind picks up, blowing colder, chapping their faces. Dean glances up at the white sky, where thick clouds gather, heralding a winter storm.
It is the desperate look in Dean’s eye at the question, the barest tightening of a hand on feathers, the stuttered heart beat against his chest that tells Castiel Dean’s answer. He hesitates, leans slightly forward, and watches for any sign that this advance is unwelcome. Dean’s heartbeat picks up, but he doesn’t move away.
Cas pulls back and Sam feels a hand on his cheek, gently stroking. Eventually he does relax and sleep.
Sam kisses him, and when Dean walks in, Sam doesn’t stop until Dean coughs. Then Sam does suddenly feel a little embarrassed, but it seems to be okay.
Then they stop and make lunch out of a few of the cans in the pantry. They discuss whether or not to try and go out to the car for more supplies, but decide against it, as there really isn’t anything in it worth braving the snow for.
When he hears the quiet noise of a kiss next to him, and feels as Cas moves, he thinks this might be the weirdest relationship he's been in, but...it might just work. And he finds that as Dean and Cas whisper to each other, he doesn’t mind. Hell, he is happy for them.
The bruises and ache in his shoulder from where it had hit the ground while grappling the charcoal burner tells him that that at least was real. He’s still not sure about the wolf and the man. There had been something so odd in that interaction. Vicious wolf turned to pleading pup. Unless perhaps the man had set the wolf on the charcoal burner?
The wolf howls again, still far too close. Sam checks the crossbow beside him, making sure he’s ready should it decide to try for him. Something rustles in the forest behind him. He jumps and turns, but sees nothing.
Late nights (and sometimes afternoons and even mornings) at the bunker, are dull affairs for Castiel, with the two brothers asleep for their respective 4-8 hours. Once upon a time, he would have been content to just stand guard outside their bedrooms, waiting with patience learned from several millennia of unmoving vigilance among the stars.
Dean looks up, seeing through broken glass how the sun is fully covered now, too late, far, far too late. The bells tolling outside aren’t an alarm, they’re a death knell.
He rescinds that thanks two seconds later, as he realizes this is just some sort of courtyard. He curses.
Castiel tilts his head to the sky just for a moment. The itch is stronger now, feathers prickling under his skin.
It’s tempting to run, but he’d just get thrown back and executed anyway, so Sam bends down. He checks the guard’s pulse and finds that the man is still alive. That forces him to move faster.
Dean dodges Zachariah's charge, whistling for Impala. She turns and runs down Zachariah's mount, teeth bared. She snaps at Zachariah's leg and he jerks, throwing his horse off balance. Dean takes the opportunity to grab hold of his ankle and yanks him out of the saddle, throwing him to the ground. He levels his sword at the captain's throat.
The riders ride towards them, though the two hesitant ones hold back, un-shouldering their crossbows. The two archers fire their arrows. At the same moment, Dean smacks Impala's rump, sending her straight for Zachariah.
He forces his mind away from his brother and foster father left back there in the camp, drives back the guilt of how he’d lashed out at them. He thinks instead of Michael, letting the rage inside him boil up and keep him warm.
The hawk suddenly shivers, and it partially opens its wings. Sam starts, watching as it stretches its wings. Something seems to be happening to the bird, and there’s an odd quality to the air around it.
Sam watches Castiel, suddenly cold. This is a side of him Sam hadn’t yet seen, and it’s a bit terrifying.
“And you have no power over me, so you can stop with the wind,” Castiel says, voice still hard. The wind dies, and Boreas scowls harder. “As it happens though, your little vengeance had a few unintended side effects.” Castiel lets go of him and Boreas rubs at his collar. Castiel keeps his blade at the ready.
"How is this even possible?" He finally asks. "I thought all our family was betas. Except Dad of course."
In the stillness of the night, under the gaze of thousands of stars, Dean and Castiel savor their reunion. There are few sounds but that of insects and the rustling of nocturnal animals in the woods nearby, nothing to disturb the lovers.
Castiel whistles, low, and the black wolf looks up, towards the noise, then heads straight for him, tail wagging low in recognition.
Cas pulls away slightly, taking his weight off Dean's shoulders, and holds the hunter tight, arms wrapped around him nearly tight enough to hurt, but not quite. Dean settles into them, his own going tight.
Zachariah attacks as a madman, his intent to butcher Dean, but Dean, his goals have changed drastically. He’s no longer fighting for revenge.
Zachariah's sword clatters to the ground, and for a few seconds the man stares at Dean, unable to talk for the dagger speared through his chin and mouth.
“Sam I swear to god if you don’t go right now-if that hawk dies-brother or no, I will hunt you down and make you regret every second you wasted.”
Dean nods slightly, glancing at the hawk briefly. His lips curl and his expression lightens as he turns his attention fully on Sam.
"Who writes this stuff?" Dean mutters, about a minute later, apparently still reading over his shoulder. "It's completely unrealistic."
“Good to see you too old man,” Dean says, his face slipping into a warm grin. He embraces Bobby, a quick thing, but Bobby’s expression softens. “I owe you thanks, I think.”
Sometime after midnight, Sam joins Bobby by the fireplace. Bobby offers him the flagon of ale and Sam accepts it.
Bobby repeats his “day without night” spiel and Dean is still unconvinced by it. It sounds ridiculous, and impossible. He’s about to say so when Bobby hands him a letter.
“Very well. In that case,” he brings his sword up and barks an order to the room at large. “Kill them!”
As he steps around the wolf, something about it catches on his awareness. His gaze flickers for just a second, trying to pinpoint the anomaly. Ishim rises, and Castiel’s attention snaps back.
Michael sighs, looking once more at the map on his wall. Another loose piece on the board. This news of an escaped prisoner feels like a bad omen, and the timing with the waning moon just increases the feeling. This escapee is just the first breeze, the first warning of an approaching storm.
The wolf growls, but it stops when it turns and sees the man. The man squats down, holding a hand out to the beast. Sam is disbelieving. “What the hell is he doing?”
It takes them most of the morning to build Bobby’s cage onto the back of his wagon. When they finish, the result is makeshift at best, logs and branches hastily cut and bound together with rope. The three stand together and look at their handiwork.
“Well, uh, that part missed you too,” Dean says, unable to suppress a moan, or the way his hips jerk instinctively.
“Can’t I do both?” Castiel glares. Ishim smirks. “Relax, Castiel, I’m just making conversation. Just curious about why two of Michael’s most loyal would suddenly desert. What’s the story there?”
This story though. It gives Castiel a taste of something he wants, of something he does not (and perhaps never will) have.
“Cover the trap then get back,” Castiel tells them, still quiet. He walks towards the lake. The wolf won’t hurt him, but Sam and Bobby may not be as safe.
“You too,” Bobby says to Cas, offering his arms. Cas is surprised, but not displeased, and hesitantly steps into the embrace, a quick squeeze. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“You bloody-” the guard starts, and Sam gets him in a headlock. With one hand he rips off the man’s helmet and then squeezes tightly around his now-exposed throat, grappling the man as they both topple to the floor.
“You have got to be kidding me.” He points at Bobby. “I spent a year listening to your hopes and promises that ‘we’ll break it yet,’” he mimics Bobby’s gruff voice. “Nothing came of it but foolish hope and even worse despair. I’m done with your wild goose chases, old man.”
Sam grins. “Yup. Trapped in a cabin, only one bed, cuddling for warmth, romance ensuing. Very chick flick.”
At last, the guard stops kicking, and Sam holds on just a moment longer before he releases him. He pants, rolling the fully armored guard off him and scans him, glancing at the open doorway.
“Oh? How…interesting.” Ishim addresses his next remark to Sam. “It's funny. When I knew him, Castiel here was the best of the best. A real soldier. And now...from the war table to a common tavern.”
At midday they stop again for another meal. The hawk brings them a rabbit, and Sam finds some wild onions that he saves for later.
“We spent that first year following every damn lead, trying every damn idea any of us had, the smallest hope from one of Bobby’s books. Not a single one did anything. Michael told us himself when he laid it on us, it’s unbreakable. The only hope we have, the only one he allowed us, is that if one of us beg, and I mean
“Yeah, I was. That future burned to the ground a year ago.” He sombers, but he’s not interested in talking or even thinking about Jess right now. “Then I had a run in with the Aquilan army, and joined forces with Dean to get away from them.”
He’s out of practice with crowds, and he’d never been good with ones like this. He’d be more comfortable being asked to fight a battalion singlehanded. Castiel has been in far, far busier taverns than this, but that was before. Before three years spent living in the woods alone, with only infrequent trips to Bobby’s providing him with any relief from the solitude. Dean had never camped them near civilization, but then, there was a good reason for that.
Sam is a little awkward for a few minutes after, seemingly guilty, but he doesn’t say anything, and they play their now usual card game in silence today.
Dean swallows, and Castiel can’t help but look down at Dean’s own dick, which has also gone from flaccid to semi-erect. “Yeah,” Dean says, his own voice rough. “Best to be sure. Gotta be sure, you know, just in case.”
brushes past him and he looks down just in time to see yet another shadow disappear, and it’s too dark for him to decide if that was an unusually large rat or some other sewer beast.
Castiel makes a mental note to look up this musical, and turns back to his reading. He expects Dean to either leave or attempt more conversation. It's too late for him to do much more.
If he concentrates he can pick out bits of conversation, but there’s so much going on that he has trouble following a thread before it gets overwhelmed by the buzz of so many conversations. Castiel breathes carefully, closing his eyes for just a second to deal with the sheer amount of information.
Castiel pauses in his reading. He takes half a moment to consider several things, before saying, “Perhaps, in real life.”
But what is truly perplexing, are the things that come under the "works" button. A list of things, all of which are labeled with the “tags” "Supernatural - Carver Edlund" and "Castiel/Dean Winchester".
“Bobby has a theory about that. It’s silly but...wolves and hawks-they mate for life. Maybe that’s what we sense. Or maybe it’s just the curse, the magic binding us. I dunno. Doesn’t matter though.”
Bobby disarms his opponent, and knocks him hard enough that the man goes sprawling and doesn’t move. He goes to join Sam, who is holding off the two, but unable to get an advantage on either without the other forcing him back to defense. Together they hold them off.
“Good. You deserve happiness, you know. Both of you.” Sam hesitates, his mouth partially open as if about to say something then he changes his mind.
“Dean used to talk about you. This is his horse.” Castiel gestures at Impala. “It seemed like a logical guess.”
“Why don’t I take you to him, and you can tell me?” He nods to his men, who spread out, though the one who had called Dean “captain” and the man beside him both hesitate before obeying. “And we’ll be taking that oversized rat back with us as well.”
“Good morning Dean.” The air from the words ruffles the back of Dean’s hair at the nape of his neck and he shivers, but not from cold. “You okay? Are you cold?” Cas immediately asks, his wings seeming to tighten around him. The additional breaths don’t help, but Dean seeks to assure Cas.
“Dean,” Castiel sounds unsure, but he doesn't release the hunter. “Is this...okay?” the words come out hesitantly, like the angel isn't sure what the right ones are. “Do you really want this? It isn't just your...your heat affecting you?”
"You all know me. Stay out of the way and I won't harm any of you. My business is solely with these two."
A few advisors, not liking the hard glint in Dean's eyes, slip out. Sam lets them pass. Dean pays them no mind. He stalks towards the general.
The hawk comes back while he does this, perching in a nearby tree. It tilts its head and makes a high pitched noise at him.
“Fuck,” Dean says, and then sighs loudly before clapping his hands. “Well, we got food, we got a fireplace and some wood, a couple of blankets. We can ride this out.”
“I don’t know if it will work,” he had admitted, face drawn, though a desperate hope had shone in his eyes. “But I think, I
That pings part of his memory. Since when does Dean go to bed without eating something? Midday was too long ago for his brother not to have been hungry.
Cas pulls back from kissing the inside of Dean’s thigh, which has Dean tightening his fists into the bedroll. He just gazes upon Dean, fully exposed now, for a long moment.
Sam searches his face, and wonders. “I hope you’re right,” he says. And if Cas is wrong, if Dean isn’t okay with sharing, Sam will back out, and content himself with friendship. And just in case that does happen...
The sun is completely unshrouded by the time they reach the cart and horses. Castiel tilts his head towards the sky a moment, eyes closed, then opens them and turns to Sam.
With his lover-turned-hawk perched on his arm, he encourages the horse onwards once more. He needs to thank Bobby, and, he suspects, answer some questions from Sam.
They eat, and chat, but every touch, fingers skimming over each other as they pass food back and forth is distracting.
Dean’s never been shy about touching Cas...well, maybe he has, but now instead of just clapping him on the shoulder and pulling away, he can let the touch linger, and become a proper caress.
For a moment, just a second, the lovers gaze at each other, a moment stolen from the curse that binds them.
A few minutes later, after a conversation with the tavern owner and parting with the majority of his purse, Sam leads the horses into a small barn behind the tavern. He chivvies the hawk onto a post and takes care of stabling the horses.
It is true, Castiel is in love with Dean. Has been since… well, not quite as far back as hell, for all the other angels talk, but very nearly.
Sam dodges the arrow aimed towards him and jumps off of the road, unable to do much without another bolt for the crossbow. The horse of the dead man halts not terribly far from him, and Sam runs for it.
Soon though, biological necessity forces Dean to leave, heading off to brave the cold cabin bathroom.
Years of waiting, years of longing. Desire the angel has never known and will probably never again know, a lifetime of change and learning lived in the amount of time that is but a fruit fly's existence because of this man. All of his love, the love of an angel, which is different, yes, but no less true than a human's love.
“We can stay in here,” Sam tells him. “I’d keep an eye on the charcoal burner though. Might be the type to rob us blind in our sleep.”
“Morning to you too,” Sam says to it. “I don’t suppose you know what the hell is going on around here?”
“We do still have much to catch up on,” Cas says seriously, his humor betrayed only in the slight upward tilt of his lips.
Castiel walks into the woods, shucking his clothes off just as the light hits and the change takes him.
Sam finally gets a hold and, as best as he can with nowhere to plant his feet, pushes the wolf up. Castiel gets a hold and together, Cas pulling and Sam pushing, they get the wolf onto the ice, where it collapses, panting.
Or not, Sam thinks as the midday bells toll. Cosmic significance or mere coincidence, he still hasn’t found the war room and time must be running out.
“Ah.” Sam considers, looking at the hawk, perched placidly on Dean’s arm. That is somehow also Cas but not. “You know each other though, even as animals. I saw that wolf-you-tear a man’s throat out and then go happily wandering off with Cas not two minutes later.”
"Really? Dean One Night Stand Winchester isn't used to waking up with other people?” Sam smirks as he sits up, yawning. Castiel lifts his wings, folding them as he too rises.
“Speaking of things changing, weren’t you supposed to be learning a trade or some shit? How’d you end up being chased by Zachariah and his mooks?”
For some reason, when Sam and Dean look at each other this time, they both laugh, which only confuses Cas more. Calming down enough to answer, Dean says, “Yeah, Cas. We’re good.”
Zachariah rushes at Dean, face twisted into a snarl. Dean ducks under the swing and reverses his grip on his sword, jabbing it upward into Zachariah’s chest, knocking the breath out of him. As Zachariah falters, Dean throws his left arm out, smashing his fist into Zachariah’s wrist, the sword clattering to the floor.
“Hey Bobby,” Sam says. He holds out the bird. “Got an injured bird here for you. Dean said you could help?”
“Sorry Bobby,” Sam says, chastised, and heads out to watch the water. When it finishes boiling, he takes the kettle to Bobby.
Dean kneels by the hawk, muttering soothing words to it. He reaches for the bird, then thinks better, and just kneels there.
Dean steps back into the bedroom for a second, to pretend he didn’t see that, and stares at the wall for two seconds, then comes back in as if nothing’s happened.
Dean turns to Cas finally, and sees him, still human. Hope wells up. They have done it, but he is afraid. What if it didn't work?
They head back the way they came, returning to the gas station where this all started. Sam nearly cries with relief when he turns his phone back on and finds that he at last has a signal and wifi again. There are dozens of messages from fellow hunters and friends. He gets out of the car and leans against it while he answers every text, assuring everyone that they are alive and well.
After the third such dive into the dirt, he emerges from the bushes only to be nearly run over by a rider on a huge black horse. Sam trips as he hurriedly steps back and tumbles to the ground.
Cas-hawk finds them eventually, and lands on Dean’s upraised arm. Dean mutters nonsense to him as he ties on thin leather jesses and slips on a hood. Cas-hawk protests a bit, but settles, and Dean gently moves him to a perch on the cart. Then Dean settles back against the cart, and continues to wait.
“They kept it secret, naturally. You can imagine how folks would have reacted. Still, rumours get out. And eventually, Michael had a mission for Dean. Dean refused and-”
Dean opens his mouth to say yes, but then Sam comes in again, and he shuts it. Sam wants Cas. And Cas wants Sam. But Cas also wants Dean. And Dean has wanted Cas for so long he’s forgotten when it started.
“Should we stay and help her?” Sam asks. They had done so on many occasions when younger, during their travels. Staying to help folks, often earning meals and shelter. Of course, they didn’t have trained soldiers coming after them back then. Ah, simpler times.
General Michael Bishop has only just regained any semblance of concentration when Captain Marquet enters the study and salutes.
I am going back there.” Sam shakes his head. “Dean, I haven't seen you in ten years. As grateful as I am for your help defending me from the guards and all, I’m not willing to go back into the frying pan I just crawled out of.” Sam rises. “It was good to see you again, Dean.”
Sam wants to stay and see but at the same time, he’s not sure he should. He quickly turns his back, and catching sight of the horses, he has a thought.
In the morning, Sam continues his journey, not avoiding the road, but keeping an eye both ahead and behind him.
The wolf makes it halfway before Sam and Bobby finish their trap and go to hide behind the cart. They are only partially there, when the wolf is only ten feet out and the ice cracks beneath its paws. It scrabbles for purchase as the ice cracks further, then breaks entirely.
Cas comes back in soon after, completely soaked in snow, with flakes in his hair, his white shirt damp and plastered against his chest. He drops the pile of logs by the door before he pulls it shut, then turns to see both brothers staring at him. Cas tilts his head in a question.
Dean has gone slightly red, and his eyes flicker downwards for a moment. “We are talking bodies, not true forms or whatever,” he says. “Whatever your angel dick looks like doesn’t count, Mr. Chrysler Building.”
Dean turns away from Sam. He taps his heels against Impala’s sides and she starts moving again. “That’s the only way this can end, one of us betraying the other for the sake of a fully human life. I won’t do that to Cas.”
The light strikes him and Castiel watches, eyes wide as the transformation takes hold. Dean takes shape in front of him, the coarse black fur fading into smooth freckled skin. The moment his mind comes back is clear, because Dean’s eyes go wide and he sits up, staring at Cas in shock, confusion, amazement, desperate hope. His eyes are still the wolf’s, but the expression in them, it is a man’s.
Sam stares. He looks around, but the pieces have already fallen into place. All of the strangeness of the past few days. Why Castiel only shows up at night, why Sam, now that he thinks about it, has never seen the hawk at night.
Castiel shrugs a shoulder and begins to read again. “Or perhaps they just think it’s more sexually appealing this way.”
They find a deck of cards in a drawer and though it is missing a couple cards they make due and play a game of Texas Hold ’Em to pass the time.
Sam snaps to attention at the sounds of shouting. Dean and Cas, it has to be. He heads straight for the door. The guards there look at him suspiciously as he approaches
They’ve rationed their supplies and determine that they can eke out meals for at least a week before they run out. Dean hopes that will be enough. He doesn’t quite trust Cas’s assertion that the curse will actually wear off in a few days, but they have little choice.
“A few.” He’d been running through the list of them in his head for the past two hours, unable to sleep. “What happened? What on earth did they do to get cursed like that? And-
Dean makes a sputtering sound, and Castiel feels a bit smug about having caught the hunter off guard for once. “You’re bullshitting me,” Dean says flatly. “There’s no way.”
“It’s just one day, Dean, what can it hurt? If Bobby’s witch friend is right, you and Cas get a chance to break the curse. If he’s wrong, you still get to kill the general. Where’s the harm?”
Dean turns and looks directly at General Michael. Grief and anger war inside him. He tamps down the former and focuses the latter on the man who brought him to this point.
He wonders how he ever got this lucky. He kisses the top of each of their heads and lays back until morning.
He reaches down and tugs Cas’s pants down, then stops and bites his lip at the sight of Cas hard and leaking for him.
"Yes sir, there was. It attacked my men." Zachariah clearly doesn't understand the relevance of the question, but soldiers on. "There's another thing, sir. The prisoner you sent us after. It seems that he is Winchester's brother."
For a moment as they stare, Castiel becomes very self conscious of his wings. Burned, partially torn, with whole sections of feathers missing, they are not pleasant to look at. He begins to draw them out of sight behind his back, but no. He brought them out for a reason. And besides... the looks on the brother’s faces are not of horror or pity. They seem to be...amazed.
Dean stares at him. Sam’s expression is sad, and it’s sadness for him, Dean knows, and he hates that. Sam goes on. “He agrees with us, that it’s worth at least trying to break the curse.”
Castiel considers his answer. Saying that it is, in a way, a fantasy fulfilled would send Dean running. He also thinks he should avoid mentioning the interesting effects it has on his vessel, but Dean does need an answer. He settles for the reason he had had when he began reading a few hours prior. "Curiosity. I was not aware until now that Chuck's novels had sparked so much artistic outpouring."
Cas resists the urge to look at his boys fondly, not willing to give the god any opening. “Love,” he says simply, letting the wind take that as he may. “And for that, I thank you. “
Castiel shrugs. He’d long since lost concern for them. The army had become his family, or close enough for him. Then there had been Dean, and then Bobby. Perhaps Sam now as well. He isn’t sure about that last one, how long Sam will choose to stick around.
He begins the tale of Boreas and his wife Oreithyia, moves on to tales of their children, and then on from him to other gods of winter and the winds. His knowledge is spotty in places, and limited only to the cultures he had spent time watching and the tales Metatron had dumped into his memory a few years previous.
Dean is staring at Castiel’s dick with straight-up fascination. In a half-strangled voice, he says, “Bro. You’re fucking hung.”
Sam quickly kicks Castiel under the table before he does anything rash. Castiel‘s fixed gaze ahead breaks, and he glares at Sam, the fire in his eyes barely dampened. Minutely, Sam shakes his head, willing the ex-soldier to calm, at least for the moment. Castiel remains tense for a few long seconds then relaxes, his mask of polite impassivity falling back into place.
“Just shut up and listen.” When satisfied Dean won’t interrupt, he says, “I tracked down a witch, a couple months back. She-”
Sam dismounts his horse, to make a less appealing target, just as one of the archers takes his companions' request and changes targets.
They lie together, Cas peppering kisses onto Dean's face and neck. Dean strokes Cas’s hair and closes his eyes, content. They fall asleep like this, entwined together.
Bobby is stopped when he reaches the bridge to the walled city. Two guards stand at the bridge, and one comes over.
“Yes, which I believe is why they choose to portray you this way. In many of your sexual encounters detailed in those books, you enjoyed allowing your partner more control. Also, the writer of this story likely believes that you taking the more vulnerable position of bottom gives fictional-you an opportunity to show trust to fictional-me, and at the same time gives your character the additional pleasure of prostate stimulation.”
Almost all his meetings were held here, anything requiring more than two or three of his captains and advisors, messengers and allies. It was for the allies’ sake, more than anyone, that he chose this room. The high ceilings, the stained glass, the double doors (thick and easy to barricade and the servants entrances equally easy to guard), made it both impressive and safe.
Dean lays with his back to Sam and Cas, and feels far colder than he would like. Cold that has nothing to do with the winter chill and everything to do with the memory of Cas’s wings around him that morning. He forces the thought away, and huddles in his blankets, eventually falling into a fitful sleep.
Slowly, reluctantly, and with pure fury in his eyes, Michael does. Dean keeps his sword pressed to the general's chin and reaches to grab the man's collar, facing him towards Cas. "Now look at him."
Sam and Bobby both move to step between the captains already drawing swords and approaching Cas and Dean.
Sam looks up at the horse’s rider, who is looking at him with as much consternation as Sam feels in the moment.
"New orders, Captain. Capture the brother and bring him back here. We may yet snare our wayward captain once more."
He runs after it and hears the trap snap and its pained cry. Heart pounding in his throat, Castiel reaches the place just in time to see Ishim step from the trees and put the wolf down, knife tearing across its throat.
Cas nods, eyes closed, looking almost overwhelmed. They kiss again, until Castiel breaks it, with a soft, “
Shaking his head at the pointlessness of such wonderings, Sam climbs down the ladder. Dawn has broken already, perhaps two hours ago. Outside, Sam finds Dean sitting by the fire pit outside, eating some hard bread and a few strips of jerky.
He reads on, amazed at the creativity of these people. He finds himself enjoying these stories, despite a few odd waves of jealousy towards his fictional self. He reads for hours; stories of alternate versions of himself and Dean getting together; stories about all three of them on cases that are silly and far more entertaining than the real ones they handle. Alternate timelines where they found a different way to stop the Apocalypse.
“Something is definitely up,” he mutters to himself, spotting a squirrel. He shoots it, then ties it to his belt and turns his attention to gathering firewood as the early twilight fades into dusk.
Castiel presses his lips to Dean’s, gentle and chaste, unmoving until he feels the faintest pressure in return. His hand moves of its own accord to cup the back of Dean’s hair, even as Dean hesitantly, almost reverently lets his hands skate over Castiel’s arms.
Castiel looks down at himself, recalling the point of this. He was not wrong; his vessel is larger than Dean’s in this respect, but that didn’t matter when this began, and it matters even less now.
“Ah. Last night I almost thought it was some sort of magic,” Sam admits, then chuckles. Ridiculous. Things are odd here, yes, but not that odd.
The cold water shocks him, his body already tested and sore from the exertions of the day. His stomach cramps a little, reminding him how little food he’s actually had these past weeks since his capture. He struggles on, cutting through the water, ducking under when he hears a shout, fearful they have spotted him.
Castiel rests a moment, then carries the cold-stunned wolf into the pit, kicking aside the boughs that had been meant as cover. The wolf whimpers and struggles some, but Castiel manages to get him into the pit. The wolf whines, but stays laying on his side, panting heavily.
They travel in silence the rest of the day, that undercurrent of resentment between them making even light conversation difficult.
The god in question had sworn mightily at Dean after the hunter had unwittingly taken that last piece of pie. He’s been irritated enough at that theft, but had seemed to recognize the Winchesters and had gone off on a diatribe about their murdering of his cousins over the years. He’d identified himself as Boreas, God of the North Wind, and cursed Dean before vanishing in a puff of wind that sent all of the diner’s plates and cutlery clattering to the floor.
Around them the captains and advisors murmur amongst themselves. Their general is dead, and no one is quite sure if they should be avenging him or not. Enough doubt has been sown in their mind that no one has yet made a move.
But after spending so much time on earth (where time moves much more subjectively than it does in heaven), Castiel has learned what very well might be his least favorite human emotion: Boredom.
The humor disappears out of Castiel’s face, and he looks away from Sam into the fire. He doesn’t answer right away, but Sam waits.
"Day after tomorrow," Bobby says. “If we can convince that idjit to give it a chance." Bobby sits back, his work done. Sam wraps the blanket around himself tighter.
Castiel does try to go out to get more wood, but stops when he notices that the snow has reached a few feet deep. It would be foolish to open the door again. They’ll have to hope that what he’s already gathered will be enough to last them.
“These are amazing,” Sam says, tracing over the feathers with his fingertips. Sam is gentle, his touch more than soothing. Castiel sits very still, forcing himself not to show any reaction.
“I did. Learned how wrong I was real quick. Did he say anything else?” Dean realizes his eagerness, and turns slightly pink. “Sorry, it’s just… every moment you get to spend with him...I envy you."
It’s almost a physical lash, the way the insult hits Sam, and he watches, slightly stunned as Dean turns away from them both and grabs his saddlebags and tosses them onto Impala, then mounts her.
At last, he recognizes a couple of stained glass windows and knows he’s just two turns away from freedom. He quickens his step.
Castiel makes a couple more trips outside to get more firewood, then joins the brothers by the fire. The Winchesters huddle near it, blankets draped over their shoulders and laps. Castiel settles behind them .
In the morning, the storm is all but blown out. The wind howls a bit, but the spell seems to be fading.
“My apologies sir, but I come bearing urgent news.” Zachariah pauses. “Captain Winchester has returned."
Zacharaiah just snorts, and he turns to kick his heels. His remaining guards follow him. The hawk flies after and dives to harry them more.
“Is there anyway I can help?” It’s suddenly more important than ever to help Dean, to take care of him.
“I’ll stop following you if you’ll stop being an idjit and follow me. We’ve got a real chance to break this curse of yours, boy.”
In the last hour before dawn, they all wait, none of them speaking. Bobby sits next to Sam, a flask in his hand that they share. In the pit, Castiel lays next to the wolf, petting his fur. The wolf is calm under the touch. Slowly, the touch calms Castiel as well, the panic and fear of loss ebbing. But he thinks again, prays the thought,
Dean turns his head sharply to look at Sam. His grip on Impala’s reigns tightens enough that she starts to slow down, but then he loosens and they continue trotting onwards.
“Shut up,” Dean says around a mouthful of pear. Then he points his fork at Sam. “And you shouldn’t talk. I saw you flashing those puppy dog eyes at him.”
It makes a chirping noise, fluttering its wings before settling down. Dean clicks to Impala and leads them back onto the road.
“Don’t go out there!” Sam says, as soon as he realizes the man’s intent. “There’s a wolf! It’ll maul you!”
It’s not as comfortable as it could be, but Castiel doesn’t quite want to disturb the brothers yet with what he thinks would be more effective. Instead, he tries to be quiet and let as much warmth radiate off him into their bodies as he can.
Sam nods, taking both and slinging the quiver over his back. Dean rides towards the men, ducking as one of them lets off a shot. Sam aims for that man first and hits him in the side. Not a kill shot, but enough to put him out of the fight. He slides in the next bolt.
Stuck in that half-life, alone, knowing from Sam and Bobby that Dean had given up on them. And Michael would still walk around, still free. Cas would probably go after him, and if Dean was no match for Michael-
He’d just reached the front entrance when the bells began tolling their warning, had seen the two guards there jump to alertness. They’d immediately bolted the door and stood alert and ready to prevent anyone from leaving that way.
The idea was Cas’s. After laying out the details of how to break the curse and their plans, Sam and Bobby had admitted that the problem with executing it was simply this: Dean’s refusal to consider it.
He reads these, first with perplexity, then with fascination. This is an aspect he has not explored very much, but like the pizza man video, he sees the appeal. And some of the words are so well written, so well
Come nightfall, when they are ready to sleep again, Dean asks, sounding awkward and with a faint flush, “Can we switch?”
A trap snaps behind him and Castiel turns. Then another snaps, and another. Castiel turns his head at every one, searching, waiting. There’s a patter of feet, an animal, and he turns to see between the trees as a wolf runs past.
“Cas was already working for the army. Commanded a unit of his own. Some distant relation of the general, but not close enough to warrant any special privilege. He and Dean met. You want to see either of them light up, ask about those days. They didn’t immediately get along, but after a while…”
Dean turns to him and kisses him sweet and soft. They don’t rush it, knowing now that they have time. Dean leaves a spare kiss on Cas’s lips, a quick peck of lips. Cas smiles at him.
He soothes the horse, then mounts it, and turns it towards the road. He goes at a trot, resisting the urge to canter. it makes no difference if he reaches the house in one hour or two.
In his study above the main keep, General Michael Bishop looks up briefly from his reports,  brow furrowed in broken concentration.
Cas pulls away at last, breathing hard. He stares into Dean's eyes in shock and all Dean can think is,
“It’s going to be a big one," Sam comments, following his gaze. As if in agreement, the wind gusts fiercer, bringing with it an icy chill.
Zachariah fumbles his hands around on the table behind him, searching. His hand lands on his helmet, placed there for the duration of the meeting. He picks it up and throws it at Dean, more to distract than to injure, as he attempts to regain his footing.
“Wool trading, Dean, I was a shop assistant.” He runs a hand through his hair and sighs. “And I met the shop owner’s daughter-Jessica. We fell in love, got engaged. Then there was a fire.”
Dean brings his arm closer to Sam's, and together they get the hawk to change perches. Dean looks at the hawk.
Castiel wants to protest, because it’s been at least thirty, but movement on the horizon catches his eye. He squints for a better view, to make sure.
Sam looks around for another subject. While looking for it, he notes that both their mugs are getting very close to empty and goes off to get a refill of drinks for each. While he waits, it occurs that if they’re sharing pasts, there’s a very important part he hasn’t heard yet.
“He wants revenge on the general for something. You say you fought together- any chance you know the story there?”
“I don’t know,” says Cas, and Dean can hear the effort it’s taking Cas to say those three simple words. The angel sounds almost helpless. “Perhaps when my father remade me…” Cas looks away, and seems to be fighting himself. He lets out a noise between a growl and a whine. “I...
Castiel slumps back onto the bed, clearly exhausted. Bobby finishes his wrapping and stands up with a grunt. He looks at Sam and gestures to him to follow. “Let him rest a bit,” Bobby says quietly. “You should try to get some sleep as well. We’ll talk later.”
“My true form doesn’t have genitalia,” Castiel says, tilting his head, confused at the suggestion. “We don’t need it.”
They’d decided it was too risky that someone would recognize Castiel, which was why he had gone with Sam to the sewers. None of them, including Castiel, are completely sure that the hawk will find them come the morning among all the buildings, but it seems less risky than being recognized by far.
Cas stares at him in surprise that gives way to a pleased crinkling of his eyes and pink tinge to his cheeks. Dean winks at him, which seems to make the flush rise.
Castiel spends the day thinking about Sam’s worries and Dean. He loves his boys, loves both of them enough that it sometimes hurts. And now he has tasted both of them, and he wants to continue tasting them. But Sam is worried.
Well, now. Michael looks back at the map. Winchester had always had a talent for getting into and out of tight places, and Michael has at least three on his map. And if Winchester won't play, perhaps he can convince Novak back into the fold. He looks at one of his strongholds, the one he anticipates to be the enemy's next target. Yes. Either would be very, very useful.
“Fine,” he says, and joins Dean again. “I’ll stay. For now.” After all, he can always leave later, if Dean insists on going back to Aquila.
"Impossible. No one ever escapes the dungeons of Aquila. The people of this country accept that as a historical fact.”
The three in the center of the room pay little mind to the battles behind them, though Michael snorts quietly, his eyes flicking at Sam and Bobby in turn.
Dean loves the sounds that Cas is making, the way that each pull of Dean's hand up and down his shaft pulls little growls and whines from the angel’s throat. How Cas is copying him, and oh does that feel good, and they are almost grinding against each other now, the effort of leaving enough room between them for their hands to move becoming too much to bear.
“He’s a big one.” The man grins as he examines the beast. He prods the wolf with the tip of his spear and it growls and snaps at him. “I’ve never had the pleasure of killing a wolf before.”
They move the mattress back into the bedroom now that it is warm enough to do so, and after a quick conference between the three of them, they decide that tonight they will do the same arrangement as before.
In the evening, Dean finds a spot and declares that they will camp there. Sam’s tired enough that he doesn’t object, despite there being plenty of light to travel by. He doesn’t even say anything when Dean gets up and walks off into the woods, though the sun sets and Dean doesn’t return. Sam tries not to worry too much and closes his eyes.
“Cas.” Dean doesn’t mean to say it. But he’s getting hotter and hotter and Cas looks so good and Dean hates how this day is going. He stops just in front of the angel, barely aware that now
“You can sleep in the barn, over there,” the man says, nodding to a ramshackle building close to the edge of the clearing.
Even before he opens his eyes, Dean feels safe. He curls his fingers into the soft feathers of the blanket around him, then faintly remembers that it’s not a blanket but wings. That the solid weight at his back is Cas, the arms around him Cas’s, the fingers stroking his arm ever so faintly Cas’s.
Sam reaches him, and tries to help, but it's quickly evident that it’s no good. Sam makes the only decision he can and splashes into the water.
“You escaped this way?” Castiel says, quietly so his voice won’t travel too far. He glances back the way they had come and sees a shape moving.
The two lovers finally notice the way everyone is talking, a few watching them with undisguised interest or question. Dean picks up his sword, and cleans it on Michael’s robes before sheathing it. Cas takes his hand and they all exit the room together.
“You had to piss off a weather god, didn’t you,” Sam gripes at Dean, rubbing at his clothes and peeling off his snow-soaked jacket. “Did you really need that piece of pie?”
“Never. He was a fellow captain, and he was all those things I said. I wished him to be less reckless perhaps, but I liked him. And somehow we became friends.”
He looks at the bars with some discomfort, but all he says to Sam and Bobby is, “Good luck tonight.”
“And a good thing too,” Dean says when they reach the Impala, which has only the lightest traces of wet on her. He runs his hands over her, checking that his Baby is okay. He makes plans to give her some good old TLC the second he has a chance. He removes the pan covering the exhaust pipe, then they toss their duffles in the trunk and get in.
They reach the town that surrounds the fortress just before sunset, and stop in a wooded area, away from prying eyes.
“Thank you,” Castiel says. “For getting us here, and bringing us back together. You’re the truest friend and brother we could have.”
Castiel lays down and both of his boys come and lie with him. He covers them with his wings as they snuggle against him. His arms are under them, one wrapped around Dean’s waist, the other around Sam’s shoulder.
Cas tugs down Dean’s pants. Dean lifts his hips to help, and kicks off the pants, as Cas comes back up, taking his time to kiss Dean’s ankles, his calves. He plants a kiss on each of Dean’s knees which makes Dean laugh, and Cas smiles up at him before he moves up and starts trailing kisses up both thighs.
Sam doesn’t watch. He runs into the barn, the man’s screams and the wolf’s snarling in his ears until the screams suddenly cut out. Silence descends.
“Hmph.” Bobby turns and leads them inside. They sit by the fire. “It’s just as well you finally showed up. I may have found the solution.”
A couple hesitate, then decide they’d rather wait and see how this plays out. Two still approach, and Sam finds himself locked in combat.
Dean looks down at the corpse for only a moment, then turns back to Cas. He steps forward and hugs him again, resuming their interrupted embrace. Cas’s arms come up around him, but after a moment, he pulls back, only far enough so they can look at each other.
God, he's so beautiful like this. Dean had forgotten. He wants to memorize this look as well, Cas’s eyes are wide and dark, his lips parted, so open and wanting, so ready to please and be pleased.
They talk intermittently, sharing their lives and experiences of the past few years, and fall into a comfortable silence in between that. It’s good just to be together.
When they play a round of cards, and Cas wins yet again, he gets that tiny satisfied smirk on his face. Dean stares at him for a moment then just as Cas notices his stare and starts to tilt his head in question, Dean leans forward and pecks him on the cheek.
He goes to Impala’s saddlebags and opens them, rummaging until he finds a shirt and a pair of trousers. There’s a creak of wood behind him and he turns to find Castiel standing by the low wall. He’s completely nude as he looks around the barn, orienting himself.
After the food is gone and put away, they sit together to watch the sunset, leaning against each other, arms draped over each other's shoulders.
Castiel has very little personal knowledge of sex, but he has spent the last 2,000 years or so watching humans, and sex is one of humanity’s favorite past times. "It seems relatively accurate."
“Like a bird’s nest,” he says aloud, amused by that description Sam had given, but his smile fades quickly. It’s been three years since Dean last saw Cas, and he’s beginning to forget what his lover even looked like. The only thing that remains unblurred by the time is the memory of his eyes, always so blue, always so intent on Dean.
Cas has taken a few steps forward, stopping just at the edge of the light cast from the broken window. His gaze is also focused on Michael, expression tense. His eyes flick to Dean a moment later.
Sam sighs. “Yeah, you’re probably used to it. Maybe it’s just me.” He grabs the crossbow and heads into the forest, to get some firewood and, hopefully, find something to kill for a better dinner than the strips of jerky in the saddlebag.
When he’d come to and found the camp, he’d been expecting to find Sam there, had been looking forward to talking to him again. But instead, there wasn’t even a sign that the younger Winchester had been near, only the firewood and camp set up as Dean always left it for him. Cas wonders what went wrong.
Castiel mediates while they sleep, and a smile graces his lips as he occasionally looks at the two of them. His boys, with him and under his protection in a different, more intimate way than before. As much as he worries for their well-being, he is perversely grateful to the winter god for giving him this brief moment.
Yet, the name does seem to mean something, because although the man doesn’t move his arms or even give the slightest bit of room for Sam to maneuver, surprise registers on his face.
Dean knows Cas saw him, though, and the angel hadn’t looked guilty, but...pleased. As if he was fine with Dean seeing that, even though he was supposed to be with Dean…
Doing all this unfortunately has disturbed Dean, and the older Winchester briefly presses closer to Cas, having turned onto his side at some point, and then jerking away when he wakes. Cas turns his head to look at Dean, who has already moved away, looking somewhere between panicked and guilty. His gaze is sheepish when it finally meets Cas’s
Castiel wraps his arms and wings around Dean as loosely as he can, feeling the tension in the hunter’s body. Dean is nervous and scared, and Castiel really should not be surprised, but it’s faintly annoying.
Cas nods, and Dean sits up and meet’s Cas with a brief kiss, then pushes him down, reversing their positions. He takes his turn to kiss Cas, his chest, sometimes pulling back just to look and run his hands, Cas making soft sighs under his fingers.
“Rumour has it, it killed a man a few days ago,” Ishim continues, seemingly oblivious to Castiel’s reaction. “I aim to catch it and put it’s head on my wall. Would be quite the prize, don’t you agree?”
Cas brings his wings back out shortly after he brings the logs in, and when he comes to sit between them, his wing embrace is much tighter. As they talk, the brothers telling Cas about old hunts today, and ribbing on each other as much as usual, they sit closer, leaning into the warmth. Sam takes one of Cas’s hands and Dean takes the other. No word is spoken about that, no interruption made to stories of prank wars and and other childhood shenanigans.
Cas’s eyes are closed, but Sam knows he must be awake. Cas opens them, and smiles at him, expression fond.
As soon as the three of them are on solid land, they lay there, panting for a moment. Then Sam starts shivering. Bobby grunts, and goes to help him up.
Michael’s scathing tone has the lovers pull apart to look at him. Dean immediately bends down to grab his sword. Michael makes no move towards them, and though he’s regained his own sword, he holds it at his side pointing down.
Dean wakes, opening his eyes to find Cas watching him “That’s still creepy,” he says, but there’s no bite to it.
Both Sam and Bobby have also rushed forward, but Bobby grabs Sam’s arm before he can join Castiel on the ice.
Castiel stretches a hand out, Dean mirroring the motion. Castiel opens his mouth, ready to speak. Barely an inch separates their fingers.
“I’ve waited three years to hear those bells, Sam, for something-anything-that could give me the edge I need to get into that godforsaken place. You can get me in there, Sam, and I can finally kill that son of a bitch.”
The brothers grin, and exchange a quick hug. Sam claims one from Cas as well while Dean gets one from Bobby.
“Nothing. It’s a blank. One minute I’m me, then I’m becoming...not me, then I’m back. I remember parts of the change, that’s it.”
Dean is grumpy and mopey for most of the morning, the coffee they have made in the kettle over the fire doing little to fix his mood. It’s obvious to both Cas and Sam that he didn’t sleep well. They exchange glances, but say nothing.
In the afternoon, the lights come back on. “Oh thank fuck,” Dean says at the same time Sam says, “Oh finally.”
“Of course,” Cas says in that tone of voice that Dean suddenly realizes means “I love you”. He stares after him, a little flummoxed at that epiphany.
He’s busy enough that he misses the way Castiel’s expression flickers, misses the way Castiel’s brow furrows as well as he follows Sam’s movement.
The late afternoon sun shines in on their struggle, but something about it is wrong. Dean has become so very sensitive to light conditions over the past three years, and it itches at him.
They return to their horses, walking in subdued silence. Once their mounts are collected, they walk rather than ride, and look for a place to camp for the remainder of the night.
Sam stops not at the words, but the clear hint of desperation in Dean’s voice. He waits, not looking back.
Dean heads off to the kitchen to get Sam's water and himself a sandwich. Or two. God, he’s starving. When he gets back to library, he sets down his sandwiches and hands Sam his water.
Dean smiles at his wonder. He knows the feeling, from last night and seeing the stars for the first time in years.
Dean and Cas harry Michael, who can’t hold them off for long. Before, they had been a smooth killing machine, always aware of the other, moving jointly. Even after years apart, that practice shows. They soon have Michael on his knees, Dean’s sword once more at his throat.
“I thought so. Let’s remedy that, shall we? The tavern awaits.” He opens the door to pouring rain. “We might want to run,” he says after a short pause.
When twilight falls, Sam still hasn’t reached the town. He’s just thinking about settling for a bed under a tree in the woods he’s skirting when he hears the not so distant howling of a wolf.
“So, what, you want to date both of us? At the same time?” Dean barely keeps himself from squeaking those words. This is insane.
“So how the hell did you two end up together? I didn’t even know Dean had a type that wasn’t blonde and buxom. Or brunette and-well. Girl-shaped.”
It chafes, waiting in this alley, knowing that Michael is just there, in that fortress. Dean is so close to his revenge, he can practically taste it, copper and salt like blood.
Castiel finishes, feeling both pleased with the fictional ending and suddenly much less content with his own.
“Your little blizzard nearly killed the Winchesters,” Castiel hisses, his blade pointed at Boreas’s heart. “I should kill you for that.” The wind around them picks up, blowing as cold as it had the past few days. The trenchcoat flaps wildly around him but the angel doesn’t move so much a millimeter.
So, when Sam decides to steal a kiss while Dean is out of the room, Castiel lets him, and kisses him as thoroughly as he can, attempting to distract him enough he won’t hear Dean coming back. It seems to work, as Sam doesn’t pull away when the door to the bathroom creaks open once more.
They have to teach it to Cas, but he catches on quickly, and to Dean’s horror, turns out to be very good at the game. Sam tries not to laugh at Dean’s consternation but can’t help it.
“You do know where you’re going?” Castiel asks, irritated. “Because if you don’t, you’re the one who’s going to be stuck here with a very pissed off hawk. It’s nearly dawn.”
A soft smile tugs at Dean’s face. Sam is looking for his reaction, and catches it before Dean ducks his head to hide it. Sam has to hide his own grin, focusing on steering his mount down this stretch of road.
They get back on the road, still wandering nowhere in particular. Sam wonders at that, until they reach a crossroads and Dean picks the path that takes them perpendicular to their former course, as if to continue circling Aquila.
When Sam wakes, he finds Cas patiently waiting. Their eyes meet, then Cas kisses him a good morning and Sam can’t help but return it, warm and pleased, content. Then he remembers the situation and his stomach turns. Cas sees the change and tries to soothe him silently.
Everyone looks up at him, surprise etched onto every face but two. General Michael looks unsurprised, as if he had been expecting this. At his side, Zachariah partially draws his sword. Michael lays a hand on Zachariah's arm, halting him.
A movement behind him forces Dean out of his shock. He turns, finding Michael with his arms raised, covering his eyes.
. How easily Cas says it, as if he's said it a million times before. As if those three words don't change
He's in a meeting with his advisors discussing an ongoing siege when noise begins to filter from the hallway. Some of the advisors look up, and around, but the council continues on. The bells have not yet rung, so whatever the ruckus is, it’s being handled.
Cas stares at Dean for a moment, his hands still moving. “Dean. I want…” the angel pauses. He growls softly and kisses Dean hard. Dean presses back into the kiss and it's like a fight between their mouths, a sparring match where the goal is to claim as much territory as possible.
Sam shakes his head. “Maybe if I get that desperate for moving.” He sticks a hand out of the blankets and winces. “Jesus, it’s cold.” He pulls his hand back under the blanket and stares at the ceiling.
“I thought I told you to shut up, boy.” Dean subsides but he looks irritated and stubborn. “She had a book that described your curse, and the way to break it. All you need to do is stand in front of Michael, you and Cas together, as humans, and the curse will be lifted.”
“Never been the little spoon before,” Sam says quietly, seeming content with Cas’s arms and wings folded around him in a cocoon. “Feels kind of odd.”
Dizzy and on fire with desire, it takes far too much effort to stay standing. They fall into the bed, and after some rearranging, Dean does indeed wind up on top of Castiel, who finds he does not mind at all. The weight of Dean over him is a pleasing thing.
- as Cas's mouth presses against his, and they spend the next few moments just making out. Cas's tongue slips into Dean's mouth and-
Sam sighs. “You've been complaining all day about being warm. And apparently you're twice as hungry as usual."
Dean bursts into the war room, finding Michael surrounded by his advisers and a few aides. Zachariah stands at his side.
“I know stories,” Castiel says. “I’ve never met him. We almost never interacted with the lesser gods.”
“Blunt as ever. Well, do give the former captain my regards. I have business to attend to anyway. Something you might be interested in actually. I know how much you used to enjoy hunting.”
Cas goes to the cage and moves the corner of a blanket aside to check on the wolf, offering a hand for it to sniff. The wolf still growls, but this time it sniffs the hand and lets Cas touch its muzzle.
The word is quiet, but he looks up to find Sam peering up a tunnel that angles up. A faintly lit grate is just visible a ways up. Castiel considers it. It doesn’t look big enough to fit a grown man in it.
From above, the hawk shrieks and dives to harry a man taking aim at Dean. Sam has to pick a new target, and finds one, coming around from the side of the tents with a group of them. His shot goes true this time, and the men nearby race towards them, taking their moment while he’s forced to reload. Then Sam has to duck, and spur Charger to move as he’s now made a target of himself. The shot aimed at him passes close enough he feels the air from it.
Michael stares at his map, thinking. Three years of that curse ought to have at least one of them ready to take his bargain. And with the brother to bargain with as well, Winchester should be more than amiable.
The half moon shining through the cracks in the barn wall illuminates a man with messy hair, gazing at him curiously. Sam meets the stranger's eyes for just a moment, then the man turns and heads for the door, the bolt dropping from his hand as he goes.
Dean stares at him, then back at the scratches. He lets go of the shirt and steps back. Sam jerks the fabric back in place and wraps his blanket around himself again.
A man is rummaging in the saddlebags. Sam tenses, pulls out his knife. Then as quietly as he can, he stalks towards the would-be thief.
Castiel nods, turning back to focus on the road. “I always liked it when you camped here. There’s a path up. I want to show you.”
A screech warns him, and he lifts his arm up, and a few moments later, the hawk lands on his arm. It shivers and makes a disgruntled peck at his hand, indicating his displeasure with the change in the weather.
He thinks of Dean’s reaction to the open marriage they had seen in the Fred Jones’ case. He thinks of how often he had seen similar things in cultures long gone, furtively hidden in cultures still here today. He hadn’t understood until now that that was because of the difficulty involved.
The hawk huddles close to him, to his warmth, and Dean aches. He tries to picture Cas as he was before, (as he must be at night, when Dean cannot see), all squinty-eyed and grumpy, lips pressed into a line or eyes bright and crinkled, lips quirked at the corners, his hair unruly as ever.
Castiel looks up again, just in time to see Dean licks his lips. Dean’s eyes flick up to Castiel’s, who cannot fully suppress the automatic reaction of his body to that movement, to this situation. This situation with Dean right there, halfway to where Castiel wants, wants,
He looks down, kicks at the straw littering the floor. It’s cold in the barn and his clothes are damp from the rain outside. He shivers.
Dean has the air of a man parched in the desert, desperate for any drop of water, or in this case, word of his beloved. Sam had never imagined the Dean he’d known ever being half as in love as the one before him is.
“Dean,” Sam shouts, calling for his brother even as he grabs the crossbow from where it leans against the wall. “Dean, wake up! There’s a-” he stops as he opens the stall door. Dean is gone, and Sam stares for half a second at the empty stall, then swears and spins around.
Then Zachariah counters Dean and throws him off. With sun spots dancing in his vision, Dean spends the next few minutes just keeping himself intact, suddenly on the defensive.
Cas and Dean have broken apart already, still holding each other, though now they’re just murmuring to each other. Sam thinks they might never let go.
Sam shrugs and turns his laptop to face Dean. "It's been known to happen. And it explains your symptoms. Your scent has changed too."
Dean rolls his eyes but doesn’t respond. They ride on in companionable silence. It feels odd to Sam, to be back at his brother’s side, riding together as if ten years hadn’t passed.
Cas uses his free hand to pull Dean down for a very sloppy kiss before sliding it down his back, and gripping tight.
Sam scratches his forehead, saying, “Well...It just so happens that I’m headed in that general direction myself.”
He steals a kiss from Cas, a long one this time. It’s a little desperate from Sam, but Cas doesn’t let it remain that way for long, turning it slower. There’s reassurance in his hands, still running through his hair, massaging his scalp, affection in his eyes as they pull apart.
The two men circle each other, each looking for openings. Dean feints to the right, watching Zachariah’s feet to see if the knight takes the bait. As soon as the other man shifts, Dean throws his shoulder forward, slashing at Zachariah’s knees, making him dance back out of range. Dean takes the advantage and harries him around the room.
Sam immediately obeys, running to Impala and grabs the first cloth that comes to his hands. He runs back and hands Dean a tunic. Dean takes it and carefully picks up the hawk and wraps it.
Sam lays there, the wind completely knocked out of him and before he can regain the breath, the man is straddling him, pinning his arms to the side, Sam’s own knife in his hands, tip pointed at his throat.
His eyes fall on a grate in the castle wall. The grate is rusted, and several of the bolts look to be broken off.
They try another game that Cas is less good at, but he still manages to win several rounds. This time Sam is the one left unamused as he loses every single hand.
The thought is not comforting, not with the memory of the unfortunate charcoal burner still fresh in his memory. He frowns as he walks back to the camp, and stops on the edge of the small clearing.
Sam walks past them, continuing through the hall to the corridor across from the one he just exited.
Castiel hums. They lay together for some time, limbs tangled together, cuddling. Castiel likes this almost as much as the sex, this holding and being held.
Slitted amber eyes look at him from half closed lids, but there’s no understanding in them. Castiel closes his own eyes and presses his forehead to the wolf’s.
“You shut your mouth,” he growls, and shoves Sam to get past him, to go to Impala. Sam steps back to avoid the shove, but Dean makes contact with his chest still and Sam hisses in pain.
Dean follows and they soon reach the waterfall. They tether the horses and Dean gets ready to set up a proper camp, but Castiel puts a hand on his arm and shakes his head.
Sam pulls out his own knife. He and Castiel circle Ishim, who has to keep turning his head to keep them in view. He feints towards Sam, who dodges and raises his blade to defend himself, then Ishim goes for Castiel who blocks the blow with a clash of metal. They fight, a flurry of blades, and Sam joins in. Ishim is quick, and holds them both off, though he’s panting with effort.
When Cas pulls back, Dean finds himself embarrassingly start to chase after, but he stops and opens his eyes, the fizzing warmth in his veins not settling.
Cas smiles and shakes his head. He leans his forehead against Dean’s, reaching a hand up to cup Dean’s cheek.
The sun sets as Sam obeys Bobby’s instructions. Heaving the bucket inside, he pours it into the kettle and hangs it over the fire to heat. He goes to the spare room, to tell Bobby. He stops in the doorway, dumbfounded.
"That’s a little too close for comfort,” he says to no one in particular, dropping his bundle of sticks. He unties the squirrel he caught, and sets it next to his soon-to-be firepit. Soon he has a fire going, and the squirrel is roasting on the spit.
Sam lays on the ground of a cold stone cell, eyes closed, focused on nothing but his breathing and the sounds of clanking armor approaching.
Cas lays down with Sam and they briefly adjust until they find something comfortable. They end up with Cas's arms wrapped around Sam's chest as well as his wings.
On this particular night, Castiel is attempting to avoid the pitfalls of boredom with the use of a laptop and the internet. Sam, however, has been kind enough to lend him his laptop. Without anything else to occupy him, Castiel begins to look through Sam's various internet bookmarks.
They grapple for it, the charcoal burner strong from his work. Sam is about to gain the upper hand, when a loud snarl comes from nearby. Both men freeze, and turn to see a huge black wolf headed straight for them. They spring apart in opposite directions, scrambling to escape the beast.
Dean snorts, but he starts, “Told you how I joined up, right? Well, every Thursday, the general has a meeting with all the captains and commanders in camp. Most of them were straight up dicks, Zachariah isn’t even the worst of them, but he’s damn close to it. Cas was-”
“Clothes off?” Dean says, grinning, already pushing Cas’s shirt up, slowly, letting his hands drag over Cas’s sides.
“Winchester sandwich,” Cas corrects, only the crinkling of his eyes indicating the humor behind them. Dean decides not to correct his definition about sandwich naming conventions.
“Thank you,” Castiel says, voice a little rough, unable to hide the emotion in his voice. He closes his eyes as the brothers reassure him with their touch, and an impromptu and rather haphazard grooming of his feathers takes place.
Dean parries a blow and slashes, forcing Zachariah to defend, but he counters the swing and puts Dean on the defense.
That evening, Cas and Dean wait on a hill overlooking Aquila. They sit some distance away from Impala and a tan horse bought from a passing trader.
Castiel stares down at the defeated general with glacier-cold eyes and reaches into his pocket. He pulls out a few small objects and holds them up to show Michael: his hawk bonds, and the falconry hood. He tosses them at Michael’s feet. The general looks at them bitterly.
“Your decision. It’s a good horse though. Might be easier to have a name for it than just calling it ‘horse.’”
Dean buries his face in Cas’s wing for a moment, and rolls over. That brings him face to face with Cas, and he stares at the angel as if the blue eyes gazing calmly at him were headlights and he a deer. Dean swallows, unable to break the gaze.
, he thinks wryly. He starts making plans for the next day, and falls asleep before he gets farther than “get to the next major city.”
Cas huffs, a soft laugh. He goes to the saddlebags and pulls out a cloak and his dagger, donning one and slipping the other into his pocket before he joins Sam. They rush through the rain to the tavern door.
The noise of a horse and cart picks up from behind them prevents Sam from answering. He and Dean both turn to see Bobby emerging from the trees, his tired rust-colored horse coming to a stop.
Castiel’s stomach leaps at the idea, his heart at the sudden surge of hope. It’s been so long without it…
. He comes with the angel's name on his lips, and leans into the angel in his own post-orgasmic haze.
Buoyed by such thoughts, he crosses the few miles and comes to the outskirts of the town relatively quickly. He doesn’t enter the town proper, all too aware that the bells would have alerted the townsfolk and any lingering guards to his escape. Instead he sneaks around the edge of the village, where he’s less likely to run into anyone.
Castiel is too comfortable and warm and sated to want to move. He is not ready to let Dean go until he has to. This is just another bodily fluid and those are easy enough to deal with, so he spares a bit of grace and vanishes it away.
They travel through familiar woods, late afternoon sunlight illuminating the path. Cas looks around with a faint frown, then his expression smooths into something like excitement.
Once settled, he stares around the room, fascinated and yet feeling strangely cut off. Castiel hasn’t been near this many people since before the curse. He feels odd, exposed. Alone in a sea of strangers.
“We had some ale, talked.” Sam debates briefly about mentioning the wolf hunter, then decides against it. No need to worry Dean. “He told me about how you met, how you thought he was a dick at first.”
Michael is clearly displeased with Dean's open acknowledgment of the curse, but replies, "And what of your lover? Does Commander Novak agree with this decision? Ah." He pauses, smiles faintly. "I suppose you haven't been able to ask him, have you."
“And you’re sure you are okay with it?” Sam asks again. “The idea of both of us dating Cas at the same time?”
Castiel stares at him for a moment, piecing this conversation together. “You’re saying that in matters of sexual intercourse between two males, it matters whose penis is larger?”
Zachariah doesn’t swear aloud, but he immediately wheels on the two men accompanying him on escort duty.
“The two were on the run from Michael, but the general has a long reach. They were found, and Michael himself confronted them. He had learned of their relationship, through camp gossip no doubt. He was incensed by it, but he still offered them one last chance to come back. Not as they were, but if Dean took the mission, and Castiel took some light punishment, he would reinstate them both, but in separate postings, far away from each other. They refused.”
It’s clear that pressing further will get him nowhere, so Sam bites his tongue. He walks to his horse and checks the saddle. Behind him, there’s silence for a moment. Then:
"What the fuck," Dean says exactly 11.4 seconds later. "Dude, this is porn." He reddens. "Porn about…" He makes a gesture. "Us."
Dean grins then goes to straddle Cas properly, lining up their cocks. He wraps a hand around both of them, and rests his forehead against Cas’s.
“Thanks.” Sam finishes the last of his stew. “I definitely wasn’t expecting to run into any family here, though. Hell, I didn’t even know Bobby had moved.”
“Yes. When Michael began to consider execution...” Castiel stares into the fire. “I sometimes wonder if that was the best decision, but we didn’t know how far Michael would go-how far he
They’ve left the forest a ways and found a hill that faces the west, and are digging a pit they hope will get the dawnlight slower than other ways. A lake nearby is still covered with ice
Castiel wants to ask more, but he can feel the dawn approaching, itching at his skin. He nods instead.
“Leave this to the general,” Sam advises the men he faces. “You heard what has been said. Michael is a sorcerer, and he did terrible things. You know them, do you really think they would betray a
“We might reach the town by tonight,” Dean says, as he mounts Impala. “Maybe get a room. And real food. They had some really good lamb last time i was there, and the lady who runs the bar makes great pie, if they have any.”
“You held him long enough for me to kill him. But that’s not what I meant.” Castiel looks up from the fire. “Thank you for this night. Taking me to that tavern. For a good night and good company. It’s been years since I spent a night as pleasant as that, Ishim aside.”
A few more minutes of climbing and they reach a plateau. Castiel drops the bedroll and pack he carries, and as Dean stands looking around, Castiel turns him to face the way they’d come.
They share a mutual look of flushed enjoyment and disappointment, then Sam gets up just as Dean reenters the room. He takes the last clean set of his clothes with him and changes, the traces of Cas’s stubble and soft lips against his lingering like ghosts on his skin for a few minutes more.
Sam watches him approach from his spot on Bobby’s porch. He’d been enjoying the morning air. Dean looks tired, but after the past few days, Sam guesses that’s normal. He seems cheerful enough though.
Dean buries his face in the angel's shoulder gasping and he breathes in hard, and tastes Cas's scent. It's not just arousal he's scenting, it's ozone and heather, honey and the smell of dust after rain. There's a word for that, he thinks fuzzily, but the feeling of the angel's hand stroking his cock is too distracting. Dean breathes in the angel's scent once more, moans, “Cas,” and kisses the angel's neck as his own hand finds its own way into Cas's pants.
“Should this prisoner escape, it would be seen as a weakness, a flaw in our defenses that our enemy might try to exploit. The war is not going well for us, you know this. This prisoner might be the stray spark that ignites a full seige.”
The man turns again, and gives an odd look that seems at least a little amused. He shakes his head ever so slightly, and puts a finger to his lips, then turns back to the door.
The second day after the curse breaking and their reunion finds Dean and Castiel travelling through familiar forests, this time side by side. Cas keeps looking around and up with an odd expression.
He puts the letters away and walks outside, dagger slipped into the pocket of the cloak crossing into the woods as the sun sets.
Castiel is beginning to reassess that risk, though, as he follows Sam through the cramped sewers. They both have to crouch to fit and it’s extremely uncomfortable and awkward.
And he needs to make sure Dean shows Sam he is okay with this. Cas thinks he will be fine, at least in the end. He hopes he is right.
Sam considers him, and looks at Dean.He shrugs, casual but clearly interested as well. Sam gestures for Castiel to join them. Dean scoots over so there is enough space between them for the angel to sit.
They slide into the water, and swim towards the castle, aiming for the stretch of wall where the drain that had been Sam’s escape  a mere week earlier was.
Castiel tilts his head in that birdlike movement that Sam is beginning to suspect is habitual with him.
“Later,” Bobby growls. “If you hadn’t noticed, I’ve got an injured man here, so either make yourself useful or get out.”
Castiel frowns as he walks into Dean's bedroom, sniffing the air. "What is that?" He asks and looks at Dean who is pacing around the room.
“Your turn tomorrow,” Cas reassures him. Cas kisses him once more, but pulls away before Sam comes back out.
Castiel’s smiles and closes his eyes. Sam watches the transformation, as the light burns off the shape of a man and only a hawk is left.
Dean shrugs and offers a final strip to the hawk who considers it then turns its head, clearly rejecting the strip.
It’s as Michael is in this foul mood, trying to decide which places he can give up and where he can best place his men and whether or not he can strike back at this time or if he must pull back his troops, when Captain Zachariah enters.
“It’s Sam.” Then Sam relents a little, returning the grin. “Good to see you too. You headed towards Aquila?”
How long must he wait? The day is long past half gone, and the sun has followed its normal course across the sky, no sign of some magical half night appearing. Dean snorts.
The curse is starting to itch faintly. They only have a few more minutes. Castiel grits his teeth and shoves.
Their swords clash as Dean blocks the strike, the ring of metal echoing in the vaulted ceilings of the hall. He disengages then strikes back with a slash. Zachariah jumps back to avoid the blow.
, that Castiel finds himself reacting to them, warmth growing inside his vessel, increasing blood flow to his lower regions.
Dean is ready to strike the killing blow, but Cas puts a hand on his, stilling him. Dean looks at him questioningly, but Cas is focused on Michael.
Cas stares at the light reflecting on his hands for a long moment, tilting them this way and that. Then he looks up and lets out a soft exclamation, half laughter, half relief. He takes a few more steps towards Dean.
There on the cot, in place of the hawk, is Castiel, an arrow sticking out of his shoulder. His eyes are closed and his teeth gritted as Bobby dabs some sort of black paste around the wound.
The guard struggles, kicking and punching Sam in the side, on the arms, anywhere he can reach. Sam holds on through sheer force of will, tightening his grip as much as he can.
Not far down the road, there’s a small village, little more than a small collection of houses, but among them is a tavern with stables and a barn. Sam hesitates, but as the first drops of rain begin to fall, he makes his decision and rides towards the tavern.
At last he spots them, two large ornately carved doors. One of them stands open to a room with a large table in the center. Two guards stand on either side of the doors, looking bored.
Castiel watches as Dean starts to unbutton his pants, then recollects himself, and beings to undo his own belt, a part of his mind dizzy with shock and hope and want and nervous excitement.
“Three years ago, you would have said magic of any kind was a fairytale,” Bobby shoots back. He sighs heavily. “Come on, Dean, you really want to live the rest of your life like this? You want Cas to live his that way?”
Dean freezes, sword arm extended. He'd never thought to hear that voice again. He stares down at the general for half a second, then turns slowly to face the door.
Dean rides for several miles, barely noticing the increasing cold and the rolling of clouds that herald an approaching storm.
Dean carefully nudges the hawk, encouraging the hawk to change its perch from him to Sam. Sam holds very still as the hawk settles on him. Sam looks at the hawk, then at Dean
Sam looks at him, and in that soft half sleep dazed waking state where thoughts are free and less restrained, he acts without thought and kisses Cas. He pulls back, a faint note of “oh no” beginning to go through him, but Cas doesn’t pull away, or even look upset. Instead, his hand comes up Sam’s back, holding Sam to him. Cas looks at Sam like he’s been given a gift, before he returns the kiss, just as chaste.
Boreas spits, a glob of ice forming on the pavement before melting. Then with a strong wind that sets everything loose around them spinning, he is gone. Castiel puts away his blade, returning to the Impala.
As Sam speaks, Castiel closes his eyes and focuses. With a loud whoomph! and a crack of thunder that rivals the sounds of the storm raging outside, Castiel brings his wings onto the material plane. Sam stutters to a stop, staring. Dean, too, seems to go slack jawed, blanket half dropped.
You, is the answer Dean thinks without prompting. He means to shove it back but can’t. He knows he didn’t speak, but perhaps Cas read his mind, because he seems to understand. Dean can’t make this move, it’s too big.
Sam grins. “I may have failed to mention to Dean that you kicked my ass a few days ago. Still, if you’ll allow me, I’ll take care of you another way.”
They haven’t lit a fire, and they sit holding hands watching the sky as twilight falls. They want to be sure the curse is truly broken, not just Castiel’s half.
They had agreed, and now Bobby and Sam dig while Cas takes his turn for a break and watches the surrounding landscape.
Castiel’s expression has gone from polite impassivity to murderous. If a look could set things on fire, the tavern would be in flames already.
Sam looks up once more, but the overcast sky prevents him from getting a good read on the sun’s position.
Castiel nods and sips the beer. Sam watches him, and before he can ask whatever it is he’s got on his mind, Castiel speaks.
His head is full of Cas and the loss suddenly made new, even as he focuses on Bobby and demands, “Was that your idea?”
Bobby and Sam explain the plan, and Castiel nods, appearing mildly doubtful but willing enough to go along.
Sam expects them to be stopped by someone, but no one does. Dean nods at the guards at the main entrance and the four of them walk straight on through.
Sam wakes in the morning to find Dean snoring on the other side of the fire. Sam stretches and goes to answer the call of nature, then returns looking for food. He finds some strips of meat and sets them aside, taking one to chew on for a breakfast of sorts.
While Sam pokes at the embers of the fire, he watches Castiel. The wolf howls again, and Castiel pauses his search, looking towards the sound. It’s hard to see, in the dim light, but his expression seems almost longing to Sam.
The night is eerily quiet save for the sounds of water and their own breathing. They reach the wall and search out the drain. The grate is closed. Cas pulls on it, and it swings open with a  creak that makes both of them wince and stop to glance up at the ramparts before they pull it the rest of the way open.
"I nearly was. A few times over." The smile drops and Dean frowns. "What the hell are you doing out here?"
"Well, well, well. We go chasing a mouse and find a wolf instead. It's our lucky day, boys," he says, turning to the men behind him.
“I understand.” He seems to consider a few things, that appraising glance making an appearance again. “Dean and I used to fight together,” he says after a minute or two. “Before Michael…” he stops, tilts his head. “How much has Dean told you?”
That night before the brothers can lay down to sleep, Cas makes a suggestion to change the arrangement.
Dean finally manages to pin Zachariah, and he looks up at the broken window at a sun that is no longer shining as it should.
Dean drops his sword to embrace Cas. He closes his eyes, and sighs, happy, disbelieving. Cas holds him just as tightly back.
Dean looks at Castiel. He would rather die than go back to work for the man who stole their lives, and he finds the same thought reflected in Cas’s eyes.
“How long you two going to lie there?” Sam asks eventually, and Dean opens his eyes and looks up to glare at his brother. “I’m not complaining, mind you, but I’d like to know if you expect me to eat this entire can of peaches myself.”
