To make matters worse, Tony had been sent off on a mission in Steve’s place. Therefore, for the last two weeks the former soldier found himself milling around the tower in an increasingly sour mood.
Tony stood in the doorway watching silently as Steve played hide and seek with the twins in the living room. He'd just come back from the gym and spotted the three of them, caught up in the sight he leaned against the wall with a soft smile on his lips.
Looking back Thor can remember an instant when a seer was in the castle; the old woman had stopped where the two boys had been playing and said something so odd. He had put it out of his, being a child and naive to the world and its horror. He only knew the moment and the joy of his revelry.
“Definitely, but if where they live was all that bad wouldn't they all just...”Fitz gestured around. “Ya know die out? Also, Loki is not in a threatening environment.”
"This is important to him.." Pepper assured James Rhodes as he suited up in the War machine armor giving him a kiss on the cheek. "Steve isn't keen on it either but..."
Tony Stark learned what it meant to be a man from his father, at least what it meant to be the alpha his father wanted. By 15, Tony   had surpassed his peers in every way, entering the undergraduate electrical engineering program at MIT. Later, when most young men his age were out learning to drive or flirting with potential mates he was already well on his way to his second master’s degree.
“Look… I know we have…already done a lot but I just want to take things slow for now. I’m sorry.” Steve really hopped the alpha wouldn’t take offense because he honestly wanted to go farther. Damn he wanted that, but the little voice in the back of his head with a subtle Irish lit kept saying ‘if ya give’m the milk for free they’ll never buy the cow’.
Steve just groaned and bit his lip to hold back a curse.  Finally motioning his hand for the doctor to proceed.
“It will be nice, won't it? Seeing all the kids again” James said as they followed the caravan of Suv's into the countryside. Eyeing his silent partner quizzically.
Having to see a healer of any variety had never been Loki's favorite activity. Not that most would claim it is; he had a deep-rooted dislike for them. Having learned from a young age that nothing good ever came from having to speak to a healer. Countless days spent in bed as the other children played in the Asgardian summer heat, all while Loki sweltered under thin sheets. His mother always looked so worried during his various childhood illnesses. Somewhere in the back of his mind Loki pondered what he would have done in her position. What if he and James did manage to have a child, and they turned out to be weak? He would love them of course, but worry for them endlessly. How had she been strong enough to behold a child she loved to suffer so?
She had to see what it meant… she had to know that his bumbling brother would never be able to give her this. Loki did not care about her past or her transgressions, he had his own demons to be sure, and he did not care what others said about her because he could see through her lies to something beneath. She was hungry for life, she was bold and driven. She wanted too much and he longed to give it to her. Loki had to believe that when she saw this token of love she would realize what has been hers all this time.
AN: Ok so, I want to say thank you to everyone who took the time to lend a kind word to me last chapter. It made a world of difference to me, i have since left that group and now only discuss my pre-posting process with one trusted friend. I feel much happier with this chapter and felt I had the freedom to do everything I wanted with out the pressure to be perfect. I hope you all enjoy it.
Thank god, Agent hadn't showed Steve the resplendence of Power point. One can only imagine what post battle debriefs would be like then...something like a 8th grade book report presentation comes to mind and Tony will not be held responsible for his actions if that happens.
“That’s….that’s amazing Thor thank you.” Steve looked dangerously misty so Tony felt the need to intervene; he knew that if the omega burst into tears in front of anymore of their pack Steve would never forgive himself.
The two of them fell into easy conversation, Bucky skirted what the treatments on Asgard consisted of, and Steve didn’t push. They talked about the past, about their mothers, Bucky’s sisters. Barnes’ memory was patchy in spots but it was getting there, it felt good to reminisce.
“Completed Sir, I think you will be pleased with the results. Shall I include these ..additional measures in your suit or send them to Director Fury?”
Now, for normal people being bored means finding a hobby, or taking a walk, maybe calling a friend, reading book or literally any damn thing that does not end in fiery chaos.  This is where Bruce came in handy, because apparently Loki carried what the man thought of him and Banner had more-or-less become a ...'Loki whisperer'.
“You…Son of Coul…I killed you” He commented pulling an emery board from his armor and tending to his nails.
“I knew you’d come back! I knew I knew! Every one said you couldn’t cause you was in heaven but I knew!” Peter sobs and clung to Steve’s neck. “Please don’t go back! Please stay Papa, Please I‘ll be good I swear!”
The result of Starks blood, sweat and tears - ‘Vengeful- I.’ Sleek and black, the finger sculpts had been elongated into claws and reinforced. The gauntlets could not only blast through feet of concrete but could now shred feet of steel like butter. Tony got some satisfaction with that, he wanted to find the man responsible and gut the sorry sack of shit like a fish. Vengeful was faster and quieter than any other armor before it. A beautiful Valkyrie of death, it was almost poetic in the lines of the body. Like futuristic muscle car meshed with a bullet. The most telling feature was a shatterproof glass casing to the right of the reactor on Vengefuls’ chest plate. Beneath the glass shone a very special piece of metal - Steve’s dog tag.
Yeah it was wrong, but maybe he was a little tired of playing by the book. "Do you have any idea what you're asking?"
“That an order Captain?” there is that cocky smirk and glittering chocolate eyes. Always so self-assured, or at least Tony put up a good front. Inside he had a clawing feeling that he might have to break that order. The one time he'd loath to go against a direct command. Really, it was more of a promise. They made this promise a long time ago ' come home, at all cost you come home.' maybe it was selfish, from the outside looking in it might have seemed that way.
Steve didn’t hear the rest of what Hill said, he just honed in on the face of that mad man and the face of the man who used to be his friend. “No…no”
From there the legend that was Captain America would be born, but it would be a legend with selective highlights.
Life doesn't work that way, there is no quick fix and there are some scars you carry all your life. That's not to say that your heart is incapable of healing. However, wishing upon old adages that 'time heals all wounds' is not how you do it. It takes work and daily diligence, it takes accepting that someday won't be good.
Tony looked to the visors read outs, Human signature body temperature just above normal even in this climate. Height, weight, all analyzed and then the read out turned blue - Identification Complete: Steven Grant Rogers-Stark
Kurt released him with a smile and touched touched the side of his face gently. “There you are. You know you have never changed so quickly before. I worry so for you, I have prayed every night to every saint I could think of.”
Loki didn't have to pretend to be the brother Thor remembered. The lie that made the alpha feel secure. He didn't have to constantly prove his intentions were not ill.
Jemma smiled, “He’s an engineer, you know how they can be I’m sure.” She laughed, jotting a few things down on Steve’s chart.
“Why do you need to know my family medical history I’m not the one that’s pregnant…” the father -to-be mumbled. However, he was assured that this was important no matter how tedious it may seem.
Right now though Steve didn't know what to do with himself. Sitting around watching TV seemed like a waste of time. He wasn't used to such a sedimentary lifestyle. The Captain couldn't even hit the gym due to doctors orders.
‘m’ not so fragile..” even so he pressed against the alpha tucking his face against Tony’s neck and enjoying the feel of warm rough hands stroking down his sides. “but…m’ scared too.” It was ok to say it, it was ok because it was Tony.
The thing was, Steve wasn’t so sure he didn’t want to. Sure they had talked about bonding went Steve’s heats evened out, but then the babies happened and that plan was set aside. He didn’t want to pressure Tony into feeling as if he had to make an ‘honest man’ out of Steve. Times were different now, people didn’t look down on an omega that had pups out of wedlock  it was more that Steve wanted his children to know without question -whom their father was. To share Tony’s name, to have that bond between them that would tie them together on such a deep level. To feel what his alpha was feeling, to sense when he was needed, hurt, happy, or sad. Steve wanted all of those things he never thought he could have.
He needed the distance even if it hurt because everything hurt already so who cares if its worse? Worse by definition at this point was like throwing a match into a raging forest fire.
Eventually, conversation turned to the nightly meal, Tony was going to order out for everyone. A pack dinner on the common floor hadn't happened in a while. James commented on a few out of the way places he knew of that had decent food. Tony added that Steve was craving spicy fried chicken.
After lunch was nap time, much to the complaining pups distaste. However, both of their parents knew that the little ones would just be cranky or crash early in the evening making sleeping through the night impossible. Once the twins were both gently away to dreamland the couple retreated to the living room.
“What about Me.” Steve asks and he knows it's selfish because this is a damn miracle really. Yet it feels like one of those awful science fiction films where everything starts out good cause the mad scientist had come up with some innovated thing then it all takes a turn. Then it's just horror and screaming. He can't take that, can't lose Tony again.
That night as Howard wandered the cobble stone streets back to his home he thought over the sailor’s claims. “Huh. Mermaids and magic…what a crock.” He mumbles kicking at a stray pebble on the path.
Phil countered away from the dark joke just enough to hopefully show he was ready for bygones to be bygones.
Maybe it would be okay then; maybe James would be like Logan and not care. They could find a child without a place to call home and Loki could give that child a home, he would give them all the honesty that he never had. He would tell them he loved them even if they were not blood of his blood. Even though they wouldn't have James' eyes, or that sly little smile. He would never lie to them.
They had been playing together with Sif and Fandral; Loki was the smallest but had been trying so diligently to join in their games of play fighting. Sif was none to pleased to play the part of the fair maiden and Fandral and Thor dueled with their wooden swords. Thor had tripped and Fandral meant to “kill” him and end the game. Loki wanted his brother favor so he dove between them letting the harmless toy strike him. Perhaps there had been more force than the older boy had though having such a smaller frailer target suddenly dash in the way.
“How am I to be both mother and father to him? What love have I to give…” Loki sounded so broken as his mother moved to pull in into her arms, the baby now sheltered between them.
A blue holo-screen appeared in the center of the room with a very serious looking Maria Hill standing in an office somewhere, (What was left of Shield had gone to ground)
The false setting shimmered away to reveal a cleaned area with an army cot, laptop and small cash of supplies. “ I don’t remember inviting you in the first place.” Nick said
The omega’s brows knitted, “What do you mean, anything that was wrong with me before would have been corrected by the serum.”
Stark help out his palms and powered up the repulsor. “You stay back! I don’t know who the hell you are but you can’t be Steve, you cant because he’s dead! I buried my husband you hear me! I buried him and I swear I will vaporize your ass if you say you’re him.”
Tony rubbed his forehead, he was getting to old for this shit, “Only what, did you not work out that whole exploding kink? Do I need to worry about Molotov Assassins going off like roman candles?”
Right now, just looking at the man before him, Steve can't help but see a ghost.  Of course, Steve being who he is can't just turn away from suffering. Having grown up a sick and starving kid who would have given his last loaf of bread to a family of birds. Seeing how Loki has declined so considerably in the passing days  he can't stand by with soft words of encouragement or quiet company. Sure, Steve understands that tensions are high and they are all adjusting. Maybe if he says to much it might be taken the wrong way or Loki might shoot some scathing remark – at this point they would all welcome the former biting words.
“I think you're making the right decision Dr. Banner.” Hank said taking a the folders containing Loki's medical records to date.
“He’s still feeling whatever Hydra did to him, waking up with no arm in a strange facility is already a lot for him. I know he’s your friend, but what he needs right now is to adjust some place dark and quiet. Barnes needs to let this settle in his head before we try anything.”
She had not lain there long when the siren heard the familiar sound of a ship in the distance. This one hung a lantern low from its bow, a call to sirens. She looked out at the ship and felt a tingle along her spine; this was something…something she could use.
So yeah, Tony was right, he was stubborn. Stubborn was all he had for years, stubborn was what got him up every morning and kept him going on an empty stomach. Stubborn was what sent him to recruitment office after recruitment office. Damn right he was stubborn.
The omega sat there shoulders hunched forward with a slight pink tinge to his cheeks, “Nope, that about gets it.”
When the doors opened to the penthouse Tony danced away from those roaming hands. "Not yet soldier boy, I think you deserve a good show for being such a good boy all night."
His muscles ached and bones creaked from the winter chill and yet he couldn't bring himself to bother dawning a coat on the few times he left the house. The icy breeze painting his pale cheeks red and draining the color from his fingertips.
“Steve?” Pepper called out as she stepped off the elevator. She too had been watching the news feed from her office, the sight of her employer and friend tumbling  into the bay did nothing for her stress levels. However, knowing that Tony’s pregnant omega had seen the same - was much more worrisome.  “Steve?”
“I am not weak... I am not weak.” The mantra falls from his lips but the words are already dead. The voice in his head disagreeing with every syllable. “Stop this...stop stop stop...” Feeling his stomach drop and a sudden tremble that makes the taste of acid rise in his throat.
Loki found himself standing in front of the refrigerator, reflection dulled by the brushed stainless steel. How did he even get here? He was slipping; everyday he lost a little bit more control. When was the last time he slept through the night? Well, it was hard to say when your dreams are filled with crying children that can't be seen.
Green annoyed eyes slid from the porcine rim to the large oak door. Duchess growling softly at his side as the beast agreed that no one should be disturbing them. Loki waved his hand casting a seeing charm on the door, the center glowing and opec - allowing him to see whom it was currently darkening his door step.
It was 4 years after when Tony first got sick, he didn't tell anyone but Pepper found out. When Steve came home she told him. " He thought about you, he wouldn't let me call though, he had Friday look into things and knew what you were doing. What you were trying to do. He didn't want you thinking about him and getting yourself killed because you were distracted."
“Doubt that Doc...Really doubt that.” Barnes chuckled humorlessly. “I don't think anything can make this better.”  Barnes choked on his words  for a moment and Natasha removed the cup from  his hands before the metal hand could flex and shatter it.
Normally Steve could stay awake for a week if he had to. However, as the scientist pointed out - this was not a normal situation for Steve. Any body process not devoted to his unborn children had slowed down to a very non-powered level. Which left Steve’s internal clock craving its eight to ten hours of shuteye?
Tony rolled over and eyes his omega, he had been up way too long.  Long gone were the days of 72-hour invent-a-thons, now he was beat after your standard workday and chasing around two little ones. “Steve, if there’s a point to this I’d love to hear it babe. In 10 words or less if you can manage.”
Tony huffed a sigh and rested his cheek on Steve’s knee from his position between the blonds legs. “No, yeah your right. This is shit for my knees. We’ll wait till we get home and oh baby - me you and that steam shower.”
Steve looked once again to the screens, his heart breaking as he watched his husband act with out mercy. To see a once warm and caring man reduces to the one thing he despised … A merchant of death. “But at what cost”
Not that he wasn't pleased, he'd always longed-for Loki to reach out to the others – he wasn't holding his breath for it of course. James would often look to the interactions within the tower and feel a hollow ache that Loki didn't want to be apart of that. He knew that if his omega could just find it in himself to let those walls down for someone other than him that Loki would flourish. There wasn't anything like the  feeling of pack when times were hard, having people around you to share that burden and cheer for your triumphs. James having grown up with Steve, his sisters, and even later in the army – had always had that. Having lost that during those dark days under Hydras thumb, he wished for it again.
The blond plopped down on the bed looking like a scolded child not only could Steve Rogers glare with the up most disapproval of epic proportions he had a pout that would put the puppies in ASPCA commercial to shame. Pepper could almost hear the melodic crooning of Sarah McLauchlan to accompany  such a  pitiful pout.
Later that Evening as Tony was once again pouring over Intel, this time hacked from various government agencies, a call came in.
They really should take the kids to a car show one of these days, or maybe Tony could take Wendy and have a daddy daughter day. Peter wasn't much for that sort of thing. Steve felt a warmth pool in his stomach thinking of his little ones, and maybe. Just maybe the little one not yet formed.  How would the twins feel about a little brother or sister? He was sure Peter would take to a new baby like a little duck to water. Omegas generally did well with siblings. If the baby were, an alpha Wendy might feel a little threatened at first but she would be a wonderful big sister.  In his minds eye Steve could picture the twins on either side of a little doe-eyed pup.
Jarvis was a bigger other hen than Steve and Barnes was thankful for that at the moment. He hadn't even thought to contact anyone at the tower before leaving home. James was so far in over his head that the only thing he could think about was to take Loki somewhere secure, somewhere he too could feel safe. He almost wanted to laugh at how – any other time – if he would have said the tower felt safe, no doubt Tony and Natasha would have looked smug as hell.
“So Tasha pulled my baby Hb, that’s nostalgic of you. “ Stark commented as he fired rockets, Heartbreaker was armor specialized for intensive firefights.  From top to bottom, 17 had been designed to withstand firepower and mass amounts of damage. Not to mention the over-sized repulsor output in the armors chest.
Would Steve have put that plane in the water all those years ago? God wasn’t that a horrible thought now that it was free to knock around in that big brain of his. What if the moment that put Captain America on a pedestal in the hearts and minds of a nation…had been the actions of a broken heart. A passive suicide. It was too much to give thought to right now with everything else.
So they had that going for them. In the present circumstances it was just a matter of getting used to some of the bodily changes left in the wake of Tony's exposer to the biochemical. Steve, as much as he claimed not to be a shallow person was beginning to appreciate Tony's noticeable changes.
“Clint take Bucky down to medical. Jarvis has a room set up for him.” Bruce said quietly before turning his attention to his friend. “Pepper is with the kids and Natasha took Steve up to the penthouse a while ago, she‘s probably on the coms with Phil about now .“ He paused for a moment really looking at his friend. “Tony...damn it. Look I don't even know how you're standing here right now. Loki told us…”
He did not though, because pride won over irritation. In some ways, he notices some softer looks from the lovely young mers at court. Not that he would ever fall for it again. His heart was empty, none of their kind words of encouragement meant a thing. He would give them a smile and move along. Loki kept away from the babe and lost himself traversing the corrals and trances. He could forget for hours at a time before having to return.
Meanwhile Bruce turned the screen away and adjusted his glasses looking at the image. “Huh…would ya look at that.”
Gently probing the omegas thoughts during conversation seemed far easier than it was in the past. Loki had none of his previous defenses. It was staggering to be able to read the ravenette like an open book.
Tony rubbed at his chin and eyed the long barrel “Well, a weapon obviously! Look at the size of it! I bet it shots out beams of light that shock the enemy! Like Jor dose when he’s pissed!”
Steve did not know how to feel, seeing them like this - watching them move and know they were alive. It felt more real and in a way 100 times more frightening and wonderful all at the same time.  “Ok I guess, I suppose this makes things more difficult doesn’t it?”
“Cleaning up? I get a distinct feeling I don’t want to know, especially if it was anything like the news footage.” A shiver ran down the soldiers’ spine thinking back to the grainy video images of the black almost demon looking amour stalking through burning debris.
Meanwhile, it let the pack show Loki that he was apart by each spending time with him. The plan wasn't very revolutionary but it sounded as good as anything did. Bruce would spend Lunch with him and then Natasha said she would come by and take him up to the green house on the roof. Steve and Tony had been a little concerned with that plan but she assured them it would be good for him to get some sun and she was quick if he tried anything.  Moreover, they already had an understanding with each other.  It made more sense to start Loki out with people he had been around enough before.
Tony was beginning to wonder if when this was all over if he’d even be able to go home. Could he look anyone in the eye after this, Peter, Bruce, Pepper, Clint, hell any of them. This little family he’d made for himself.
Natasha hummed and took a seat across from him. Crossing her long legs and enjoying the way his eyes fought not to follow the action. Clearly men from every planet where still just men. "What makes you think I'll agree to go anywhere with you? "
“I sure did sweetie, how about you take a breath though ok?” Steve cringed hearing the little whistle in her chest. “Remember we talked about that?”
Tony would have laughed if it didn’t hurt, trying to roll over as the current tugged at the heavy suit. “Yeah that’s a no go, daddy’s’ gatta take care of business J. It’s sweet though that you’re worried about me.”
Tony and Barnes where in position waiting for the word when the Intel came in. It wasn't hard for Stark to speculate exactly what Shields Former Foe turned Hydra mistress – must have in mind. “She probably wants extremis because of its base process as a biotech. You said this robot chick was using the framework to set up some perfect society for herself right. Something tells me her image of perfect required a lot of mechanics.”
Steve unwilling began to retch and emptied the contents of his stomach into the grass. His throat burned that the sour taste against his tongue just made it that much worse. Vomiting had always been the worst part about being sick, one he was all too happy to have forgotten after the serum. Steve could count on his hand the number of times he’d thrown up since then. The first had been when he and the commandos happened upon a concentration camp in Poland. One look at the massive grave pit and Steve had lost it.  The second had been the night after he’d woken up 70 years in the future. Then again, now, least to say this was troubling.
Loki had actually been surprised when he didn't go into heat that fall. He thought perhaps he was ill. It had been both terrifying and wonderful news in the end. His alpha looking so proud and happy.
Bruce knocked on the nesting door in Tony’s bedroom, he had been waiting for the all clear from Jarvis.
“Stop pouting or I'm not going to stop on the way back at that doughnut place you like.” Steve smiled and leaned over the bed rubbing his face against the alphas neck, eliciting a gravely purr that Tony would later deny because 'alphas don't purr. No sir.' “You want doughnuts don't you?”
Tony turned on her then, his dark eyes cold and expression grim. “Your right, that’s why I have to do this, I am protecting my son and this is how I do it. Therefore, unless you want me to fall apart you will back off because this is me coping. Trust me Virginia... You don‘t want to see me not coping.”
Peter was terrified, Wade was on a mission and he could not get him on the phone. Soon, all the fear came to light of what if something more permanent happened to the alpha.
When James took more and more challenging assignments away from home; properly cooking didn't seem worth the effort and ultimately so did eating. Why bother when each night he sat alone at their table staring at an empty seat?
It didn't take a rocket scientist to know what was bugging Steve. It was more less a bonus that Bruce had the smarts to build one if need be. “He’ll be fine. It's Tony after all. He might be a bit reckless, but overall there is no one else, Save for you that is- who is that good under pressure. He won't make a mistake, Tony knows how much he has to lose.” Bruce said, trying his best to be comforting. The doctor understood everything Steve was going through. He often worried about Natasha when she had to be away for days at a time and he knew how uneasy Pepper could get. Additionally, they all worried for Tony as he was basically the head alpha of their little pack. Without the outspoken engineer their family just wouldn't feel complete. Losing anyone wasn't an option, but losing Tony would be crippling for all of them.
Tony was all over him, covering him ..Shielding him. It seemed absurd considering Steve’s stature but here in this moment, he felt small again and it did not frighten him. He let his hands slowly settle on the alphas back. Tony pulled them onto their sides with Steve’s back against the padded wall. It was warm here…safe here. Far away from the everything else and he could empty his mind and just feel this.
What if someone really managed to kill Wade to the point that there would be nothing left to regenerate. What if he never came back? What if...peter had to do this alone?
“You can come in if you like, I know we haven't really talked much one on one Loki but... well the kids miss you and...”
"I don't mean to devalue your feelings you know that." Bruce said sweetly rubbing his palms over his omegas arms. "Tony had an emergency and we are the only ones in the tower right now. Please understand, if the roles where reversed..."
The inventor grinned scrolling down the match list. “Oh no I found her, the future Mrs. Rogers…you better hurry though she doesn’t have much future left.”
He wondered now about what he was waiting for, he hadn’t felt this uncertain in over 70 years. He hated it, hated that this wasn’t something he could control.
“No I...Shit. I don't even know when I'm talking now. That's just fucking wonderful.” Leaning forward the alpha puts his head in hands. “Something happened to me Barnes. I'm in here because...I don't know if I'm safe . No maybe that's not the right way to say it. I Don't know if everyone is safe from me.”
Thank god for Pepper thinking to bring Tony one of the test gauntlets, Steve was griping his hand hard enough that the alloys where creaking from the stress. It was well worth it though being able to anchor his laboring mate. “That’s it baby you can do it.”
Peggy tried to shush him and wound her armed around his shoulders, “If that’s what you saw…then I believe you.” It wasn’t exactly a lie, she believed Howard believed it. Maybe that was enough.
The little mer’s squealed, as they were hauled farer down the trench and away from the now confused monster above who was snorting at the thick miasma.
He had been good so far, most of Steve’s moods were ‘happy’ and ‘ultra productive’ in which the soldier would spend hours pouring over the current information about child psychology and parenting books. Apparently, when Steve was a little guy he had been quite the bookworm. Tony was surprised he wasn’t allergic to paper, not that he would have said that because Steve also had a few irritable fits.
When Barnes woke up early and cooked breakfast for all of them-, Steve just smiled. Because Bucky always did things like this, Bucky always took care of him. Maybe part of Steve's selfishness was because it was like the old days. Bucky with his one raise eyebrow and quirked smile that almost said 'bless your heart' every time Steve did something strange; Bucky and his resolute ability to just get things done even when no one asked him to.
“When the fires are consuming you, and your sacred stars won’t be guiding you…I’ve got blood…blood on my name.”
There it was… the other shoe that Tony had been waiting for. They all leave, why he ever thought this would be any different. Was beyond him. “Yeah…” his throat burned when he said it, stumbling to his feet and nearly running out of the door.
The botanist shook his head. “Steve we talked about this at your last appointment. The serums reaction time for superficial things is going to be a lot slower than you’re used to. It’s working to maintain your uterus, it was underdeveloped and the bigger the twins get the more the serum will be working to keep them safe. Little aches and pains are going to affect you like they would any other omega.” Bruce said sitting down his teacup.
Everyone watched as the next King and Queen sealed their vows. The ceremony of joining was not a long one, the coronation would follow and then the days of feasting.
Peter jumped up and down “Unca Loki is real funny.” His sister promptly disagreeing and showing her favor toward her Uncle Bucky. This then dissolved into a “nu huh and ya huh” shouting match.
“Captain Steven Grant Rogers. Serial number Zero four six two three!” he shouted as the knives drove into his shoulder and twisted. Soon another man ran in pulling his interrogator away.
“Sir may I also, point out you have two fractured ribs. In case you were wondering, I suggest you do not transfer to your secondary suit and instead return for medical assistance.” Jarvis mentioned.
As Steve watched the older omega, he wondered if Phil did this for Clint’s children, folding their clothes for school and such. He didn’t really remember his mother doing that though he assumed she must have, the longer he’d been out of the ice the less he could remember those days before the serum. He wanted to hold onto them if only for her. Wanted his child to hear about the wonderful grandmother who would have loved and adored them.
Loki had been surprised how easy it was to talk to Steve, despite the mans resemblance to so many of Asgard's champions – he was nothing like them. Rogers was quiet and calm, yet sharp in his wit. It was nice to have such an easy banter and the once prince wondered why he hadn't done this before. Then again, he knew exactly why. Because for so long every time he looked at the Captain all he saw was the haze of madness and that night in Stuttgart. Having gone toe to toe and Staff to Shield- he knew very well what the man a few feet from him was capable of, and transversely – the Captain knew the same of him.
“ANTHONY!” Everything had been a blur, pulling the child into his arms and giving him a shake. “Wake up darling…come on Anthony …come on my boy…” Loki felt like his heart was breaking as the healers tore his baby from his arms.
“And who am I?” Loki's voice choked. “I thought I knew, I wanted to be more but I can't even do that.”
Extremis or not Tony knew Steve wasn't some pushover, if he felt there was a threat to his pups- Tony was going to get dropped kicked. Sure he might get up, but that didn't mean it would feel good.
Steve looked down where his dog tags where encased in now cracked glass over the heart of the armor. He placed his palm there, “What do I need to do to convince you it’s me. I didn’t want this, Fury… he wanted to end hydra and he did this. I would have never been away from you, from Peter, if I could have helped it. I told you, I promised you that I would always come home.”
“Never thought I'd be happy to see him.” Clint commented, notching another arrow. He was pinned down with Phil; the rest of Coulson team is working overtime.
Placing down the cup, Loki began wondering how he would handle something like that. If he was strong enough.
“Hey, come on blue eyes; need you to drink this for me ok? I can‘t have you all shriveled up and dusty.”
“Oooooooooo someone’s gonna get it” Darcy cooed watching a very agitated Loki swim down the corridor.
He can feel it… the one thing he has feared more than anything else can in this world. “He's ….he's dying I can....” He can't say it, the air won't fill his lungs and his chest is burning. “Feel it...I can feel him...no. not him…please God. Please!” He's sobbing great ugly cries and pulling at his own hair. It feels like someone has sunk hot metal hooks into his chest and back and started to pull from all sides. Like every wound he's ever suffered is opening up and he'll never be okay.
“Yeah,” Tony crossed his arms, “And Uncle Thor is getting married soon, and then Jane will have a whole load of pups and then I’m off the hook.”
Stark looked down at their clasped hands and gave Steve’s a squeeze, “It’s not just the babies I’m worried about, we know that the serum has slowed down cause it’s working over time with keeping them safe, its you. I… I can’t do this with out you ya know that?  I need to know that you will be ok.”
The little one wiggled down and scampered to his omega. Wendy wasn't too wild about sharing their  P apa at the moment and growled a little. Steve didn't mind though. He had long ago mastered the art of the twin carry.
When the heat was finally over, and the pair stood together in the shower - scrubbing away the sweat and grime. Loki turned and curled into his alpha, dropping his head to the slighter mans shoulder. “I’ll be ready again; I ask only the time to return to myself.”
“Oh come on!” The billionaire chuckled and lent over to place a kiss on the apex of his omegas stomach, “Mommy is being a hypocrite because he thinks I didn’t hear him f-bomb earlier.”
Except it wasn’t, because Tony knew for a fact he had stared at Steve on more than one occasion in the past hand thought about those lips and those hands and all those wonderful and completely deviant activities that could take place. He just never acted on it.
In a blink of an eye, their world went spinning in a flash of light and sound. One moment Steve’s hand was clasped around his and the next… the next Tony was waking up to a shrill ringing in his ears and pain in head. He was looking up at the city sky, the towering buildings and glow of lights that blocked out the stars.
Rhodes followed his longtime friend laying a gentle hand on Tony’s shoulder, only to have the content jerked away. “Tony just…”
After a few hours Tony had no more tears to give, he didn’t want to give that hurt to anyone else. Not the media, not his friends.
“I’m an engineer I should know the logistics of this!”  Tony groaned rolling over in the nesting room.
From the outside looking in one would think in was just like Tony, hours spent working, tinkering and perfecting. Only this was not like him, this was manic to the point of violent. He had spent a few days redesign one of his more ‘sporty’ models from a few years ago. Trimming off weight of the body; enhancing the thruster systems; adding a few more hand-to-hand combat features. He wanted to get up close and personal and make it hurt.
Natasha climbed the stairs to join him, fighting the strong winds and ocean spray threaten to throw her from the ship. “What is it?” Her voice struggling to be heard over the thunder and winds.
In the mean time, the doctor had been pleased with Steve’s blood work and was hopeful that in six or so months when the second yearly heat rolled around that Steve would do fine on his own.
Bruce wasn't exactly thrilled to find out he had accidentally passed on his genes to his reformed villain boyfriend. However, the soft look on Loki's face as he stood by the windows of their home, one hand protectively over the high slope of his stomach, made up for it. It more than made up for it. Sure, was it weird – absolutely. Finding out that the Jotunar were intersex and thus the possibility that this wasn't just a prank was...enlightening. Also, terrifying. Though not so terrible as the months that followed.
Steve wanted to say no, he thought about saying it when this started hours ago. He didn’t even know when Tony had come to bed, the last he saw of the alpha- Tony was covered in grease and half tangled in wires. The more he thought about it or.. Tried to, Steve vaguely remembers Tony had said something about improvements to the quinjet and he just shook his head and left the engineer to the mess of parts. Evidently, Tony must have finished up and been extremely proud of himself, and an over confident Stark meant an amorous one. Call it Tony’s ‘personal celebration’  that began around 6 that morning when Steve had woken to soft nibbling over the back of his neck and hands roaming over his chest.  Before he could say, anything Tony was doing something sinful to his earlobe - the ultimate attack against Steve Rogers.
Steve agreed but Tony could tell when he left the room the omega was still in a poor mood. Sure enough, went Steve joined him in the seating area he looked like a kicked puppy.
Thor was the one who offered the best option. Steve didn’t want Bucky thrown in a prison or some mental ward, but it was clear he couldn’t just be let lose. There was some talk of cryostasis, seeing his friend frozen just sent Steve’s teeth on edge. He hated thinking of the cold.. Of freezing.
Years later as Thor stared into a small face he thought he would never see again, hearing the words from his deepest nightmares.
“Looks like just one this time around so it should be a lot easier on you.”Banner said with a laugh before handing over a towel.
Now they have a 4-year-old who's crying because he can't understand why his chest is glowing and just want's his nanny Anna and Jarvis.
Silence fell over the parlor as all eyes fell on the sophisticated mechanics of the shining appendage.
Steve stepped back, the corner of his his eye catching Jane walking over to Loki and greeting the man with a gentle hug. “You know Tony, Probably tinkering away in the workshop. I'll head down and see if I can't stir him up.” Rogers already spoke with Jane the day before, Ms. Foster had said that Thor wanted some alone time with his brother but was concerned as to how to go about it. Maybe it was a little shady to just leave them alone together – but needs musts. She had said that Thor was aware of the situation and had promised to mind his manners. “Jane would you like to come down with me? I know you've been curious about Tony's new abilities. Maybe you could take a look and see what you think.”
It had been much the same coming out of the ice. One day he was chatting with the commandos and the next he staring up at 100 foot screens mounted on buildings and cars that could park themselves.
“Then we deal, whatever it means we handle it. Look Steve, when I shared that heat with you I didn’t just do it cause I was bored. I dated pep for years and I never stayed with her during her heats to keep this sort of thing from happening. I have spent 30 years keeping paternity suits at bay to the point I almost had a vasectomy. For some reason I couldn’t say no to you. I knew the risk and I took it, in hindsight I shouldn’t be that surprised. Point is, I’m not going anywhere.”
“Sir, the children are requesting entrance. Shall I let them through?” The voice of the towers ever-faithful AI keeper said over the lowered volume as the track switched over to Dio's – Holy Diver. The softened almost imperceptible intro of wind and whining organ giving way to guitar almost as a compliment to the AI's prim enunciation,
Still, this was a top point of entry, Steve would have frowned on the lack of strategically thinking. This was tantamount to leaving the backdoor open.
He looked up at the sudden question, had he been spacing out? Missed a question perhaps? No, Loki caught what it was almost immediately. How could he be so careless!
Steve sat up on his own, trying as best as he could to not appear as beaten down by his own body as he felt. “Yeah ok.”
Loki’s Pride makes him take the child. He does not want Thor to know how inept he was with Amora. “Has she named my son? Or shall I?” He asks simply, tossing the tattered yellow blanket away, some bit of sea trash Amora likely found among sunken wreckage. If she could play false mother than he could play doting father. At least then, he would have something to show for his troubles.
“Did you not have class today? I guess I'm lucky anyone was home.” She chuckled and sat down across from him. Loki had put a good bit of distance between them.
“Sweetie I’m sure he’s fine.” The ginger moved in wrapping her arms around the larger man, letting Steve press his face to her neck.  “Jarvis please shut off the news, when you have coms patch them through directly.”
Crashing in through a service hallway outside of the private entrance Tony tried his best to refocus. The bond was gone but he was still an alpha, even with all this shit in his veins he wasn't going to let it control him, wasn't going to let it steal even more from him. Part of his brain growled at his petulance but he stood his ground.
Tony would have grumbled about being bossed around but honestly he didn’t want to be thrown out of the nesting room right now. Instead the alpha helped maneuver a pillow under the side of his soon to be mates belly. Rubbing a soothing palm over the side of the protruding mound when Steve hissed at the twins furious little kicks. Apparently they were not a fan of all this movement or their mothers growing irritation. “Shhh, its ok little bits. Look at them.. Already cock blocking daddy. I get no respect.”
He shook off the thought considering that there could simply be a storm approaching. Now that he thought about it, things did feel as if they were shifting the way they did before a storm. Yet this was not the season for that.
However, he could not just come out and say it. That was…well it was somewhat lame. He wanted it to be special, something that he and his Alpha would treasure for years.
Steve could see the wheels of guilt turning and reached over for Tony’s hand. Giving the inventor, much needed support in the moment of darkness. This was just the first day and they would get through it together.
It felt like his soul was shredding in two, Tony had no idea if this was death but if it was he desperately wished it would just hurry the hell up. This felt worse than being swarmed by jellies of getting a fin snapped by an angry barracuda. If only it would just come to an end.
“Two of…wait..What?” Tony’s face twitches when he questioned the phrase because what was his science bro on about now? Had the Gama gone to his brain?
Stark looked far too smug right now but honestly Steve couldn’t bring himself to correct the other man because his whole body felt like it was sinking and floating at the same time. So ok.. Tony could be a smug little shit for now.
An: written in the middle of the night in my phone cause yeah... I have feelings and this is were they've been at. It anyone cares, probably not.
The slim boy rocked forward from the over exuberant gesture and glared at the floor. He could have handled the company anyway. This did make things easier though, Tony could not think of a fate worse than being an omega. Those poor people got the shortest end of the stick when it came to society it really was not fair. Even then when the Omega suffrage movement had come so far, there was still staggering equality in wages and social views. Maybe one day he could help change that, wouldn’t the old man love that?
Before leaving the Tower, he had Jarvis analysis the flaws in Extremis and reworking the code. The errors were small but enough that it made the package volatile. To use the extremis Maya had sent him would have been suicide. Mallen was prime example of power begetting madness. Her formula, while elegant, wasn't perfect and Tony Stark was a fixer.
When Tony first met Hel, he had been terrified. Not of her of course but in his just as his father, Tony could never leave well enough alone.
Steve stood on the deck one morning turning the shield he had been given. The domed shaped caught the light, reflecting crimson, blue and white. He had handled things like this before but never one so light and yet strong. Stark said it suited him. Steve hoisted the shield in the harness on his back and headed up to the command deck where Sam was piloting the ship.
Loki, he was long and lean with pale flesh made to look even more so by his black as night hair and brilliant emerald green scales that rivaled the sparkling pail green and red of her own. More to the point, he was not well liked. Loki had a reputation for his mischief, something in a way she could commiserate with. Yet, she found him loathsome as well with his sharp wit and angular features. The idea of bearing heirs with him turned her blood to barnacles. Still… perhaps she needed to look at the bigger picture. Loki was her way into court, treating Thor’s beloved youngest sibling kindly would endear her to him. Then when the moment was right…she would seduce Thor, using his guilt for betraying his brother to her advantage.
That’s when it all fell into place, this wasn’t just about him. His supposed death was just a catalyst, it was true that tragedy could bring people together, but it’s what they could do after that Fury was after. It wasn’t the patriotism or joint solidarity, it wasn’t waving flags or donation drives. None of those tame feel good feelings that came with rallies and songs about the good old red white and blue.
Stark dipped his head with an easy smile shutting the door halfway, “I’ll be here if you fall in.”  He said before disappearing out of sight, presumably returning to his seat.
“Sir, pardon my interruption but I have Sergeant Barnes on the line for you. He has assured me that it is indeed urgent and provided the emergency password.”
It surprised Steve that Tony had been the one to say that. “Is that what you want?” he asked, not wanting Tony to do what he thought everyone else wanted.
It made all the sacrifice worth it if he was honest with himself. Sure, he'd like to be with the team, but this was something he never knew he wanted.
Jarvis intervened “The Captain is experiencing mild cramps and signs of anxiety. I would recommend …”
The driver side door cracked open then the back door. Steve came around the car with the carrier in one hand, walking fast through the fallen leaves. It was like a blur when strong arms wrapped around his back.
“Did you honestly thing your pitiful trinkets would equal such a thing as life? No foolish man, I require a life for a life.” She said mater-of-factly.
“Cut the crap Steve you’re a shitty liar. You think Jarvis’s body scans can’t notice hormone levels. Or that he can’t pull up your last Shield physical?”
Steve walked around the dead beast and final found a note speared into its side. Poor Natasha had been fairly confused and woken them up upon discovering the creature. "Um...Well I know who it's from. You are not going to believe it."
When Steve finial griped him pulling them back to chest Tony already knew before he felt the steady throb and rush inside him. They just breathed together fighting to stay vertical when everything in their brains was shouting to lie down and go to sleep.
“Crystal oh gem of my heart.” Tony pulled Steve’s hand up with his and kissed it. “It wasn’t one of my finer plans, but I’m ok, Pep’s forcing me down to get looked at though. Ya know how she is with all that… ‘Band-Aids and Bactine‘ stuff. She‘s worse than my mom was.”
The barn rooster, who Steve affectingly called Hawkeye, came strutting up through along the dirt path. The crazy bird had a habit of thinking he was some mighty bird of prey and leaping form the barn roof. Just behind trailed an old goose named Phil, the black and white foul always cozy up to Steve whenever he sat in the grass. “Hey guys, hope you’ve not been causing too much trouble for the ladies.” Steve joked looking back in the hen house where the chickens were all preening on their nests.
There was nothing but static and. Heavy breathing?  Tony tried not to worry but the lack of snappy sarcasm was troubling. “Steve…Steve where are you?” The silence was deafening, with nothing there to reassure him that all was well other than a few huffs of breath and was that dry heaves?  Stark’s brain was already conjuring up ideas that grew darker and viler by the second. What if this had all been an elaborate plot, a scheme to separate Steve from the group and what? The alpha felt his heart rate double. “Steve answer me!”
“Sir’s respiration and heart rate seem erratic, he is slightly underweight and I suspect lacking proper sleep and nutrition. He dose not however, appear to have any immediately alarming injuries Captain.” The AI sounded full of regret, perhaps even Jarvis felt like he failed his creator.
“Thanks.”Steve looked over to the sweet sadness shimmering in Loki's green eyes. “I wasn't always like this. I'm sure you know all about that.”
Standing in the shower furiously scraping the dried blood caked under his nails…he only felt like a monster. Tony could still smell the smoke and the burning flesh, nothing made it better. Now the nightmares just melted together into a mash of images. The heat of the desert now burned with flames, the vast dark void of the portal became dead men’s eyes.  When the last time he slept was, really slept? He didn’t know, maybe he didn’t deserve it…not yet.
Right now, Loki was crumbing. True, the former villain had a careful mask in place that most if not everyone would ever stand a chance seeing through. Even as an omega Loki had used his power to create a careful vale of wellness. Yet there were something’s deeper than biology or body language.
Steve laughed as they entered the main seating area, the smell of breakfast wafting from the kitchen where Banner was busying himself and Barton's older children.
What happens when you've lost everything, when you can't find a reason to feel anything other that a grief so deep that it feels like a cancer multiply until there is nothing left of you. When all you see around you is lies. How do you continue to with life once your eyes have opened to all the pain?
“Coulson. My office.” Fury barked, it would seem the director was in rare form today, coat unfurling and everything. Not that this was not a commonplace occurrence at SHIELD HQ. Let it be unsaid that the director didn't possess style. The cantankerous man had it in spades with an attitude to match. Fury wasn't just a spy he was the spy, as once noted by Stark — Even his secrets had secrets.
Thankfully, Hulk had been there to snatch the billionaire from the sky and slow his descent. Steve ran over to the prone form of his friend shouting orders “Get the face plate off him!”  His heart pounded as Steve silently prayed, ‘do not be dead…you stubborn bastard don’t you dare die.’
“Tony, have you two talked at all about this? You know I trust you but we both know that Steve is going to be in no state to consent to anything once we start, he may not even be now. If you go in there then chances are you could respond to him and trigger a rut. I need to know you can be in there with out causing a problem.”
That was what the very Steve like voice in Tony’s head said. That half whisper that still held so much strength. “To bad fearless leader… You don’t get a say anymore.” Tony muttered closing his heart of to the memory.
In addition, Coulson was busy putting out fires where Fury had been concerned. In his own way he was protecting the Alien prince just as he did the rest of the pack.
Right about now Tony wanted to have a handle on someone’s neck for not sharing need-to-know information. For all he knew this Madam could be beefing up security. That was something he definitely did not need to waste time on right now.
How in the world they ever managed to get it together longer than five minutes without killing each other was a true miracle.
Thor could only shake his head. “I know she does not mean my brother harm, but I fear she is set in her ways and wishes for Loki to find love for the blood that runs through his veins.”
Steve took a slightly deeper breath and blinked his eyes to the rumbling sound above him. He smiled and coiled an arm around the alphas waist, no matter what anyone ever said about Tony Stark - they never got to see this, never got to hear this version of the notorious playboy.
“My friend, how I have missed you.” Loki would have pushed away from anyone else, but there was something oddly comforting about Kurt. From the moment they meet, Loki realized Kurt was probably one of the few who could understand.
Stepping out on the common floor with the bundled mess of omega in his arms had set of a chain reaction. On his way up in the elevator, Jarvis had informed Bruce who met them almost immediately with Natasha not far behind.
It started with rolling blackouts and mainframe crashes. Not all at once, just over time... there should have been more clues to connect the dots but then the attacks got worse and they couldn't pin down who was responsible.
Stark looked back at Steve, the omega was on his knees his face twisted up and desperate. It hurt, both seeing Steve like this - and knowing even though he would protect the man who had done it. The man who killed Tony’s parents.
“I'm right here.” Steve was standing at the entrance to the kitchen holding a tray of juice boxes and sandwiches. “Peter, Wendy come here. Take this to your room and shut the door. “
Steve stood in front of the surveillance monitors, watching as a very different Iron man took on the enemy. Watched the flash of newsreels that depicted Tony Stark as “The Avenger of death” Clad in jet-black armor, as he took no mercy on the battlefield. The dark figure ripping into vehicles, haling out hydra agents, and crushing their skulls. Flying into the air with a screaming man and dropping him to the pavement below.
“Steve if you need help just asks.”  Bruce said as he winced at the captains strained posture. It was not unusual to see Stark rubbing the omegas lower back while the pair watched a movie in the common room. However, with Iron man in the field Steve was not about to ask anyone else to do such an intimate thing. Bruce understood, he wasn’t particularly touchy feely himself. On the other had, they were a pack, its what families did. Especially for an expectant omega.
After a while, Tony picked Peter up and got him settled back into his bedroom, they ate pizza and watched Jungle Book.  For a few precious hours, Tony could forget. Until that night when he put Peter to bed with the promise of a trip to the zoo in the morning.
It was going to be a long week, but hopefully now that he had one less thing on his mind- Tony could look forward to something better, something that was going to change his life forever. Even know, closing his eyes and leaning back just breathing in the moment Tony could see it. Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes, and countless potential. He hoped for another son, he loved Wendy to pieces but a foolish part of his heart wanted a little boy that was all Steve. A little golden haired boy with big blue eyes and all the joy and wonder for the world around him. All those Times Tony thought he wouldn't ever want this where like distant memories. Every fear he had about become like his old man had been washed away with first steps and first words. Those apprehensions had faded behind vibrant paint handprints on the fridge and height notches on the wall.
They could go forward, or they turn back. So much was riding on his command. There was something in the dark pool something large and angry, something that slapped the surface like a thunderclap.
He couldn't even have peace now because that foolish Stark seemed to take it on himself to check in on Loki. One would think the man of iron would hate him, overall.
“Yes because everything about my general demeanor screams maternal?” A raven raised eyebrow challenged.
In the meantime, the siren made a grand show of rocking the babe in her arms and cooing softly to the blanketed form. She was quite convincing in this show of maternal care.
Natasha had tried her hand at speaking to Steve, the omega just put up his ‘I’m fine’ front, as thin as it was. She knew he wasn’t going to open up to her. Stark was an even wilder variable, maybe they could send Bruce or Rhodes into that minefield. Clint was the one who actually had the better idea for the Good Captain.
Apparently stumbling into the kitchen for coffee and then looking up to see the spy sitting atop the fridge munching a bowl of coco puffs is a bit much. Especialy after a 72 hour inventing binge.
Steve and the group arrive at the undersea city and cannot believe their eyes. The sheer scope of the city is dwarfed in comparison to the beast currently destroying it.
“We cannot meet the creature head on Thor, you must command the warriors to flank creature and lure it out. This is a beast like any other and dull witted!” Odin shouted back, making his way around the crumbling remnants of what was left of the palace entrance.
The ginger rolled her eyes, “Yes Tony you get coffee now.” she said reaching out and ruffling the alphas hair before setting off for aforementioned coffee.
He had seen omegas laying listless and alone, beaten or forgotten. Some too young carry children to term or too old. Banner had held the hands of the ding and fever fitful children. He had removed bullet wounds and sewn up lacerations. Of all that he had seen- suffering was never easy. Pepper was right about him, he felt too much for those around him. Even if his senses were not as keen as an alpha, Bruce could see the pain and desperation in another eyes.
It wasn’t long after that her twin was born; screeching with tiny clenched fists and full head of hair.  “A boy.”
Clint came home from his last mission, it was basic …almost boring. Still the plane ride was long and the seats no were near as comfortable as Starks personal Quinjet. Shield needed to get it over with and kiss the billionaires ass cause 14 hours in hard ass seats was not cool.
“No one will ever care for you as I do.” She would say to him, cradling his face in her hands. Dangerous sharp claws stroking back through his midnight hair. “None of them respect you, none of them trust you. But I do, and you trust me don’t you my love?”
With in moments Tony was landing near where Steve was leaning against an old oak. By now, the Captain had tugged off his helmet and leaned forward with his hands on his hips trying to stave off the rolling in his stomach and tightness in his chest. The last thing he wanted to do was throw up again and in-front of Tony to boot. Taking a few deep breaths and closing his eyes against the bright afternoon sun.
“Don’t be silly sugar buns, of course I didn’t that would be silly. I did put a fantastic shower in it though. Five rainfall heads and three massage jets. It’s really great you’re gonna love it.”
Loki smirked over the lip of the cup and took a sip. The pleasant warmth spreading through his as much as the sincere compliment had. “Thank you, I feel good today.”
“To most no,” Kurt said stirring his own tea. “But to those with children like Wade...They would not mind. This I sometimes think is a good and bad thing. On the one hand without the lax restrictions, I would not have my family, on the other...”He paused looking sad.“I know that not all of the children who leave those places go to loving homes.”
An illusion perhaps? Natasha recalled Thor speaking about how skilled Loki was at camouflaging magic. The thunderer had laughed and said it came in handy when they were children to hide mischief.
One could hear the smile in archer’s voice, “No patriot pop on my radar, by the way anyone know where the can is? I have pee..”
The Winter Soldier stood, stepping over the prone omega and advanced. Tony wanted to kill him, he really did…raining a palm, the first shot hit the bicep of Barnes metal arm. The force enough to spin the solder of course as Iron man took a few steps into the small office and grabbed the brunette by the throat.
Peggy slipped closer looking for any means to disarm the man. She could smell the whiskey from where she was, in a way it both made all this worse and better. His reaction time would be sluggish; she could take it from him maybe. He could also accidentally shoot her if she wasn’t careful.
The  close quarters made it difficult, all Steve could do was shelter behind his shield and try to push the solider higher up the stairwell. “Bucky.. you know me! I know you do! If you didn’t remember you wouldn’t have pulled me out of that water!” He shouted over the clang of the blade hitting metal.
Coulson took a small device from his pocket; it looked like a cross between a tazer and a pocket watch. “Nifty little toys we have now, wouldn’t you say Steve?” The object touched the sleeping guard’s neck jolting the man out of his chair and into a twitching heap on the floor. “I really like calling you Steve.”
“Seems that way Agent, who are we not to give the lady a good show. I for one have never disappointed a woman with my performance.” Tony quipped, engaging the Suits stealth gear and streaking out over the compound. “Alright gents...lets rock and roll shall we?”
Sitting alone in the living area of the guest floor, he couldn't help but think about his mother, about Steve, Pepper. The thought of Pepper in such a state unsettled him the most. Even if he wasn't the most perceptive of people he wanted to believe that he would notice if someone he loved was struggling like that right before his eyes. Then again...isn't that the nature of things like this? Hind sight is 20/20 and it's all those little things we dismiss.
This is what brought the omega  to the towers medical room. He wasn't alone of course, as a show of support  Pepper had shown up with a troop of little pups who are all going to have physicals that day. The little ones wanted to show Uncle Loki how Uncle Bruce is the best Doctor ever. All the while Bruce was smiling and quietly saying he's not that kind of doctor. Natasha kisses him on the cheek and disagrees kindly telling the man he can do anything he sets his mind to.
"What do you want from me? Why do you insist to interject yourself in my business, I have nothing to harm this puny world with. I have nothing to harm anything with."
“Well, at least that wasn't a total bust. We know they have a hydra connect and something’s about to go down at that AIM Pharma. Possible theft bets blowing anything up.” James said dropping a bag of Chinese takeout on the sticky faux wood top of the motel table. Orange chicken and spring rolls, maybe one less of the later because they smelled too good on the ride over. He wasn't apologizing after living off hostess cakes, Cheetos and burnt tasting gas station coffee for six days.
Barnes confessed Loki was obsessed by fried foods. Bacon and onion rings at the forefront. Apparently, meats where often seared over open fire or baked in Asgard.
The woman smiled softly if a little sad, “The thing were he gets something good and then immediately thinks he doesn’t deserve it so he acts like an ass to prove he doesn’t deserve it. Believe me when I say this Steve, Tony’s worst enemy is Tony. That man can save the world and talk such a good game, but at the end of the day…he’s still thinking about everything he didn’t do.”
The ravenette eyes him with a wicked little grin, this couldn’t be good. “Sergeant… I seem to be without a sparing partner, would you mind. One does need to keep the skills sharp you know.”
Tony’s eyes snapped open at the massive roar that Hulk let out. “What just happened? Please tell me nobody kissed me.”
Until Amora, with her golden hair and sumptuous body. There were times he longed to kiss her, to touch her if only to show her how much he cared for her. For her he could do such things, even if he did not feel the same as some might about the act itself. The siren always shied away or allowed him playful kisses on the cheek or forehead. When she desired something, he would play his starvation for affection against him. Planting herself in his lap and twining their tails. Caressing his cheek and speaking to him as lovers do.
James looked at the hand and into the mans serious dark eyes. He glanced over to Steve who had such a pleading look that it made old memories ache in his chest. Looking between Pepper, Tasha, and Bruce – all of their faces said the same. He feel it on his skin that sinking warmth like a blanket settling on his back. “Help..” Squeezing his eyes shut he reach out and grabbed the hand before him. “Help .. Me us. I don't. Ah shit,” The soldiers dropped his head and his shoulders shook.
Bruce smiled at him with that soft sweet look, yes he'd done well to trust this man. Banner turned out not to be such a dull creature after all.
Anyone on Asgard would have criticized this technique, not seeing magic as a very masculine talent, but the agents of Shield moved aside in awe – if not a little bit of fear. Nonetheless, there was more to Loki's sudden aid – something dark that they could all feel. Something that could easily spin out of control and create an even larger problem than the one they were already facing.
“I said go home I’m fine here…alone.”  Steve hardens his expression; it would be better this way. Tony wouldn’t have to feel like he did anything, it would all be Steve. “Get out Stark.”
After days of thinking and various internet searches Pietro had it. The perfect idea. First, he would need to go shopping.
“We leave and regroup. Sam! Turn us around.”Natasha Commanded lifts her chin almost demanding Bucky to challenge her order. The shaggy haired sailor just glared at her with shining eyes. His lack of protest hurt more than anything. “I'm sorry..” She said as she turned her back and headed into the cabin.
Steve still went in the gym to work off excess energy and did his morning laps in the park. Only now, when he came home Tony would be waiting in the common room with a bottle of water and some flirtatious comments regarding  the Captains’ sweat soaked shirt.
Steve’s abdominals relaxed and now where there had once been hard muscle- was a round firm mound that sat just above his belt. Sweat pants had been necessary to make it through the past week, as Steve could no longer button his jeans…that had been a day of awkward tears.
Thinking of her husband, she knew he was glad to see Loki courting; much like his son Odin ignored who had channeled Loki’s affections. ‘It will be good for him, Asgard needs its princes wed.’
“Yeah well I can’t smell a damn thing other than gas fumes  and  the overwhelming flour scent of downy at this point honey. I have to tell you it’s a hellish mix on the olfactory glands. Why?” now that Steve mentioned it, there was something cloying and calling under the mechanical odors.
Cho did everything she could, she told Barnes so, and he believed her of course. There was nothing anyone could do, what was important right now was Loki. He had to keep this together for Loki, that became his mission because missions where direct and simple and it soothed the chaos in his head.
“I’m sure they didn’t, basically I’m going to use this,” she paused taping the handle of the transducer “To see your baby, it’s a bit more technical than that of course. The machine uses high-frequency sound waves, ones that we can’t hear of course, sent thought the transducer and into your abdomen.” Simmons pressed the end of the wand gently against his stomach through the gel as she spoke. “The echoes of the waves are what the machine records and create images of your baby.”
“That wasn't so bad huh?” James smiles and kisses the back of his hand. He's right of course, the exam wasn't bad.  A bit embarrassing at some points when he had to disrobe, but nothing overtly traumatizing.
Tony was now up and flitting around the room snatching up a plastic hospital bag with what was left of Steve’s uniform. He assumed Agent had the shield - probably guarding it like a mother hen, or praying to it. Who knows with Phil, he might have licked it clean. “Right well how about we start by me busting you out of this joint?”
Today had not been a good day, waking up felt like a chore and Loki lay in bed trembling uncontrollably as thoughts assaulted his mind. James embraced him whispering soft assurances in his ears, for some reason it hadn't felt like enough. The mere idea of setting his feet on the floor brought fear. All he could think of was how he wasn't ready, how must he look? What if he lost control. What if he frighten them? What if they could see the oppressive darkness in his heart. What if everyone could smell the terrible sickness on him?
At this, the brutish sailor pounded his palm on the table with a brilliant laugh. “Ha! Can’t even get a half fish in bed with your empty pockets. That’s rich!”
some thing require a lot of hard work to win. And he was determined to win the heart of the red hair avenger known as Black Widow. The woman intrigued him and challenged him like no other, and for her he was willing to do his best to prove he was infect worthy of such a lady's  affections.
The creature struck back, flinging its thick body around and destroying the columns of the palace, sending bits of the structure raining down.
Loki smiled and swam over offering the hybrid creature a pat on the side. “Not quite darling, this is Sleipnir and he is very special. There are no more like him.”
“Oh god …” Sam groaned from a near by bed. “Would you just go home and save all that ‘caressing’ for Steve, I honestly can not hear you dirty talk another inanimate object!”
“Should I be worried that you’re willing to betray Fury so easily?” Steve said as he stood behind Phil watching the agent enter a code into the door panel. It still burned him that Fury had lied to them about the other man’s death. There had been so much hurt in the wake of that loss. Yet without it, the avengers may have never gotten their act together. It was impossible to weigh what if’s against morals now. Tony always used to scold him that the world wasn’t just black and white. Just because something felt ‘wrong’ to Steve, it didn’t automatically make it wrong. Perception was a hell of a thing.
“Then I’ll deal with it.” Rogers tone was clipped, not that he was meaning to be short with Bruce. He just hadn’t slept more than an few hours in the last two days.
“Did you all miss me?” He asked holding out a palm for the trio of mice. “Natasha has Bucky and Sam been good today?” He inquired to the little ginger mouse who hoped onto his outstretched hand.
Cold metal warmed against his skin as the soldiers hand rubbed slowly over his chest and stomach. “It wasn’t you babe, it just happened… I love you so much and I know you loved her, it just happened and it no ones fault.”
What didn’t make sense was why Natasha was currently sitting across from him flipping through an identical folder. The red haired Alpha had been selected as his number two on this mission. It was a recon, basic two-person job, still, Natasha should be home with Pepper; not out in some smelly van for a week eating Doritos and skulking around some suspected terrorist safe house.
There was still some contention on who would be going in as Iron Man's support. Ideally another heavy hitter would have gone a long way, with Thor off world and the situation a little too delicate to have Hulk stomping around – pickings were slim. It wasn't a surprise when Steve volunteered first.
“Thank you,” Loki says relieved, he had been worried that this would not go over well. “there are so many children in need of a proper home after all. Perhaps...perhaps this is as it is meant to be.” Loki gripped his alpha's hand. “Considering my own upbringing.”
The door clicked closed behind the two doctors, left the little family in silence, the only song the soft breaths and snuffling of newborns.
“What the hell are you doing Tony? Seriously! Ya know what. Never mind, I wont talk to you about hurt because you do know all about it considering how much hurt you’re putting your own son through.” It was a low blow. Maybe that’s what Tony needed to see straight.
“You showed your ass to a bunch of nurses by the way. They’re all prolly tweeting about your buns of steel right now.” Stark had to admit he did like the blush that flared over the soldiers fair skin.
They shared a smile before Rogers expression began to sober, “We have more important things to worry about first though don’t we.”
Hydra agents began to swarm out of the building running toward the main gates where Coulson and his team were drawing their fire.
Widow rolled her eyes, walking past the brunette and sticking her foot out just enough to nearly send him flailing face first into the floor. Stark however recovered with a squawk and glared at the assassin.
Something about the sentiment made Loki feel cared for. Around Kurt he did not mind looking like himself even if only a moment.
“I will notify them of your arrival. I've taken the liberty to dim the lights in the lift for a calming environment.”
Burying himself in deep, Stark thought he was burning. There was something even better now than the first time. Steve arched and gasped reaching wildly and their hands clasped as the alpha started to move, their intertwined fingers resting over the mass of life they had already created.
The ravenette was minding his own business with music playing as he sat brushing his hair at a clearly off world Vanity, no way that gilded monstrosity came by Fed Ex.
The battle was a long and difficult one that took place at the abandoned prison the mortals call Alcatraz. As the debris settled and the villain bound for transport, Thor and his brother sat on an overturned vending machine awaiting their comrade’s word to leave.
Barton did not even break stride as he swaggered in wearing the shiny cat suit that barely zipped past his belly button. His arrows slung over one-shoulder sunglasses firmly in place, because so what if he looked like an S&M stripper. He was still friggin Hawkeye.
"He can't... it's not..." He mumbled looking at her with such confusion, begging and pleading in those deep brown eyes that this had to a bad dream.
Why didn't he know that his alpha wanted to sleep in or do fun naked stuff. Mostly the sleep in part though is Tony was being honest with himself.
“I put a bullet between her eyes. 150 yards, she was eating dinner...” Barnes eyes go a bit glassy, “Red wine, steak and potatoes with steamed broccoli. She always ate alone but set a place for two. I watched her for 3 days, it was the same everyday.”
His back was acting up again and Steve reached back to kneed at the straining spot to try and self-sooth. It didn’t go away though, if anything it grew worse. The pain tightened and radiated around his sides and felt like a vice slowly tightening.
He expected perhaps a chaste press of lips, or even Loki to turn away and play coy. What he wasn't prepared for is for those long elegant hands to grasp his face and pull him into a bruising demanding kiss.  Stealing every ounce of air in his lungs and forcing the solider to wrap his arms around that tall lean form in front of him and slid metal fingers through raven locks.
As soon as Stark depressed the plunger, the chemical equivalent to magma was gushing into his blood stream. As if his nerves were on fire and his flesh was turning to ashes.
The inventor snorted, “Not literally my fingers, mine are way better. I’m talking about the chair, seems like you’re enjoying the new birds amenities. Let me know if you wanna check out that shower, J can auto pilot and I will be more than happy to be sure you don’t drop the soap…or do, whatever.”  Stark wiggled his eyebrows.
She imparted so many lessons in those last days. Between the fever and the cough, she touched his face and spoke the words she knew he'd need one day. Even just the simple ones.
LoKi: Altho your taste in undergarments is not wholey unfortunate, perhaps we could work something out Hawk
The addition of thin reservoirs in the finger joints, it wouldn’t affect performance - not in any wide margin. However, what it did do was allow him to feel his environment more keenly.  When the clawed fingergaurds sunk into a body and the blood bubbled through the wounds. The warm sticky substance would pool around his fingertips.  The subtle warmth growing cold as the life left their eyes.
Barnes worried about him, worried one day he'd get a call to come identify a body or pick up to hear pepper crying her eyes out telling him that Tony had ODed. He wanted Tony to understand how much he was worth and if the best way he could do that was to love this infuriating genius and beat that fact into his head  ...then he'd do it
And he was. He saw the soft smile on Tony's face in those images. Even behind those expensive shades he could imagine the light returning to the man's chocolate eyes. That's all he wanted for Tony in the end. Steve loved him enough to want that.
Stark didn’t say anything, only nodding and following the omega in. Maybe he let his eyes linger on the blonds posterior in those well cut slacks as well. “I hope you like Jazz.” He said slipping his hands into his pockets.
Loki had felt poorly all evening and noticed the baby was less rambunctious than usual, he thought perhaps his daughter would finally give him some sleep and taken to bed early. A while later, his alpha came to join him, wrapping his flesh arm around the omega's swollen belly.
Loki went down the stairs to meet the mortal, his guise slipping on easily as always as he greeted with a condescending smile.
“Tony we have to do something.” Steve had been watching Loki and Bucky closely and could feel the pain between them.  Everyone could feel it, Loki moved through the tower like a frigid breeze. One would have to be blind to not see it.
Inside, Duchess was pacing in hall outside of the bedroom door leaving deep claw marks in the floor. The big cat like creature turned and whined when she saw him bounding over and rubbing her massive head on his hip. She was worried but knew better than to force her way in. “Hey girl, outside. Go outside, you did good go on now.” James patted her flank and approached the door.
Steve was optimistic that with Dr. Cho and Hanson working with Bruce and Tony, to try and lessen the detrimental effect of extremis. That things would start looking up. Even Dr. McCoy offered to lend a hand, with so much effort being poured into helping their family Steve felt like they would all be okay. Perhaps the upcoming year would be better than the last.
His strategy was thin at best and easily readable. Especially now that Stark had access to all electrical communication for miles. It seemed Hydra's reinforcements were scrambling and the voice of an enraged woman was shrieking over the sound waves to 'secure the asset'. Tony wasn't about to let that happen. Hydra was a bunch of stupid little children who didn't have the vision for the future that the world needed. It was time he put an end to this here and now.
Steve glare, “I’m serious Tony, we aren’t getting any younger and I want them to experience having younger siblings.”  Steve would never say it, but he noticed more grey in Tony’s hair and part of him worried. He knew there was a chance that his aging would never quite catch up to normal and that he would lose his Alpha. He’d spend years alone missing this man, but he’d have Peter and Wendy. Maybe he just wanted more children because it in a way…those children would keep their fathers memory alive.
He supposed she wasn’t wrong there, had it not been for the bots, Pepper, and Rhodey- Tony would have had even worse social skills than he did now.
Loki chose to broach the complex subject that night over dinner; it had been a long while since he had felt much like accomplishing anything in a kitchen. At least nothing more taxing than a cup of tea or toast. Even now he felt invigorated from the sudden clarity. Of course their current quarters here in the tower were well stocked with anything and everything Loki could have ever needed and if he had run up on an ingredient not available he could have it with a simple request. Loki reflected on how Stark wasn't as big as a house with that kind of power. The fleeting mental image of the billionaire with a pot belly gave him a chuckle.
The mastermind was please to see that in his absence his followers had managed to do something right. They had created a soldier, an assassin that could be commanded as easily as a hunter could his hound. The Winter soldier was…magnificent. A few simple words and his deadly little attack dog would mercilessly slaughter anything and anyone he was pointed at.
The next thing the boys saw, instead of their imminent demise, what a flash of something large and black and then a thick screen of ink as someone grabbed them.
“Steve spit it out, what wrong.” Natasha, who was closest to the captain said while reaching over to take his hand.
“Thanks’ Jarvis.” Steve chuckled and grimaced placing a hand to his now slightly smaller stomach, the firmness now gone- replaces with an ebbing sore feeling around his abdomen and hips. “Hopefully Jemma’s right and the serum will kick back in soon and I can get rid of this.”
As the chorus peeked War Machine circled the building and landed in front of downing in an exaggerated bow. Poor Rhodes, when you're in Tony's inner circle you get asked to do things like this. Stephen Strange was also standing by looking less than amused with large stick in his hand.
“Yeah, tired old robo cop out.” Tony smirked stepping in to wrap his arms around this mates waste. The little ones finnaly relenquishing their hold with a loud 'eww parents are gross'.
Stark mansion was a imposing estate. The massive home with its sprawling gardens and white washed facade sat a few miles outside of the the city. To reach the home one had to drive a twisting dirt road through the woods and up to a pair of copper gates . The metal baring the emblem of Stark Industries, it felt more like driving onto a military compound that someones private home. Then again, in a way it was. This was apparently where Stark did most of his work now. Howard had built and resided in the home for the last 15 years.
Amora’s eyes glowed white as she floated at the bow of a sunken battle ship, the skeletal remains of human technology looked over the edge of a deep-sea trench. Its bow pointed skyward as if a hand reaching up from its watery grave.
Where was Steve? He was taking a long time which wasn't like him because Steve was the proficient one between them. Tony felt an ache thinking that just a week or so ago he he could have sensed everything about his omega. Could have closed his eyes to feel that warm contentment Steve had when putting the twins down for a nap. Or the spike of adrenaline and wanting when they were alone.
Like glass going down and shredding you from the inside until your heart is nothing more vicious fluid that dissolves and reabsorbs into your soul. Tainting a once white shining light in the decaying blood of your former self. What is left behind is a murky cold thing that stinks of death and despair. A dark disillusioned thing that grows thrones and vines that strangle out all the happiness and joy. It weaves its way from the inside out until the heartbreaks victim is shielded from anything other than the hate.
A long black car pulled up to the towers garage entrance. The unexpected visitor captured the meticulous attention of the security cameras and personnel alike. Inside Jarvis would have already announced the presence of the luxury vehicle before the tires had barely stopped rolling.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh, kissing his sons temple while his husband pouted next to him. “He looks funny doesn’t he, I bet you didn’t know daddy had a chin under there huh sweet pea?”
Steve had always found it amazing how his mother could do that to. Pepper was cut from the same cloth, poise and grace that covered an ironclad wit. Steve could see why Tony hired her. He allowed himself to be sat down on the leather sectional, the other omega patting his knee in a gesture of solidarity.
