Small talk works wonders with him and Dean brightens up again in a heartbeat. He starts drumming his fingers on the counter to the beat of the music. “Busy, I guess. Been working and shit. What about you?”
“I’m going to make sure you get home safely.” Dean shrugs and stuffs his hands into his pockets. He doesn’t exactly look comfortable with his decision.
At least that’s not a lie, but he’s not giving the whole truth either. Dean does have some background information that Sam doesn’t know about. There’s little tidbits that he’s collected over the months of being friends with Cas that add up to this whole story smelling fishy. First of all, Cas doesn’t have any other family. He specifically said that neither of his parents had siblings, so it’s just him and Gabriel left of their family. Secondly, with what he knows now about Gargoyles and their relationships with Witches, the only kind of emergency that Dean could think of is that a dark magic coven might have found them.
and that is not a good sign. He hangs up immediately and tries calling a few more times before he’s convinced that it’s not going to go through no matter how many much he tries.
Normally he’d be perfectly okay with a wet dream. He’d just wake up, kick off the blankets, and finish what the dream started. But the
Gabriel doesn’t get up from his chair, but he does cross his arms. “There are two ways we can do this, little bro. You decide if you want to do it the easy way, or the hard way.”
This night didn’t start out as great as he’s led Dean to believe. Castiel was late because of how nervous he was. If it wasn’t for Gabriel’s encouragement, he might never have made it out the front door. Though, it really didn’t help that he also gave him a pack of condoms and a tin of breath mints with the instructions that he shouldn’t come home until sunrise. He was all winks and nudging and insisting that he have a
With a sigh, Mom steals a quick glance at Dean. Her eyes say she’s determined to help, but Dean is about ready to give his dad up as a lost cause. But his mom, ever the fighter, turns back to Dad with a strained smile. “I
that he has Seer blood in him. It’s weak, which is likely why he gets flashes of things in his dreams and uses those in his writing. Having them around has been useful in that regard, as Castiel is sure that they would say something if they sensed anyone dangerous around. The Fae are
He slumps further down in the chair and absently scribbles his name in the proper field on the form he has to fill out. “Yes, Bobby.”
. It would be a constant threat dangling over Dean’s head. He could never put him in that kind of danger and it makes his stomach turn to even dare to think about it.
moment done with. Castiel rolls his eyes as he stands up to shake out his arms and legs. He’ll do some stretches before he hops in the shower to rinse off. Nike doesn’t like it when he goes to bed even slightly sweaty.
but this hand shaking thing most certainly wasn’t present when they played previously played Scrabble together. Has something changed or is Dean just being a good sport now that he’s actually
Honestly, though, Dean doesn’t really expect Cas to actually mingle with other people aside from his employees. That’s a small group on their own, and they arrive shortly after ten o’clock. Sam beats them by a good ten minutes when he shows up with a few of his own friends – all people that he got direct permission to bring. Unlike the rest of his co-workers, Sam doesn’t really mingle. The Graveyard Shift employees spread out through the rest of the partygoers, finding other people they know.
like all the cuddling in front of the TV, holding hands, and snuggling together while they sleep. It’s been a
That means he would have to step away again and Castiel can’t tolerate that much space between them. He takes the granola bar, but grabs Dean’s wrist with his other hand and draws him close enough to loop his arm around his waist again. Castiel rests his forehead against his stomach while he takes a bite, chewing slowly to savour it.
“That’s nice of them.” Castiel nods in agreement and bookmarks the page he was on. “So who was it that won the final battle; Moondoor or Solaria?”
“Sounds good.” The guy nods and continues on his way. One of the FBI’s standard black cars is parked at the curb. He looks back over his shoulder and gestures at the Impala. “That’s a nice car you’ve got, by the way.”
She flinches so hard in surprise that she just about stabs herself in the face with her toothbrush. Apparently his timing wasn’t as spot on as he thought it was, having caught her in the act of bringing the toothbrush to her mouth to start brushing. Her hair is a nightmare going in all directions and the spots dotting her skin spark with irritation.
difficult time going to sleep and especially if his body reacts while they’re in such close proximity together. It doesn’t help that they’re going to be in the
Castiel surges up to kiss that smile, desperate to taste the confidence that his perfect mate has in him. He twists to the side and up onto his knees, bending until Dean’s back hits the stretcher. His eyes feel tight again, glowing in the shade provided by his wings. The space in the van isn’t wide enough for them, but they spread out again, displaying the twisted and broken feathers. In a perfect situation, they would be clean and sleek and his mate would be impressed by this wingspan.
dinner. And that means he’ll never leave, so he ducks out as quick as he can. Without nowhere else to go and no desire to go home again, Dean heads straight back to the café.
ten times more mature than his older brother. Which is why he decides to get a head start on the homework for this week. He settles down at the kitchen table where they left their binders earlier and gets to work. Richard helps their parents get started before joining him. It would be too many hands in the kitchen if he helped too. And, of course, their parents are in one of their
Maybe he could bundle up and go for a nice long walk? He always loved midnight winter walks with his parents and Gabriel when he was a kid. The countryside is so quiet and a nice heavy overcoat always hid their wings nicely. It’s been a long time since he’s been on a walk like that and the more he thinks about it, the better he likes the idea. He could go explore Hubbard Park in the dark silence of winter on Saturday evening.
Castiel doesn’t expect that his words would cause such a lovely flush to fill Dean’s face. Nor does he expect the rush of heat that fills his chest. It makes his skin start to tingle and he almost starts to feel like he’s short of breath. This isn’t the first time he’s felt pleased at making someone blush, but it’s never felt quite like this before. He rather likes it and starts to wonder what else he can do to make it happen.
’ is just as bad, but it’s always thrown in his face no matter how much he tries not to think about it.
Cas opens and closes his mouth a few times before waving his hand to flap the crane about a few times. “Why would you – Why didn’t you –
. She’ll be groomed as soon as possible, but that’s not absolutely required of them right now.  What if her family really is looking for her? It would be unfair to keep her from them any longer for the sake of vanity.
Keith picks up the folder and flips through the pages again. “Your temp employee, Naomi, is on shift today. She’s set to leave this evening.” He hands a few of the papers to Gabriel, effectively distracting him from his phone. “Castiel, I expect that you’re going to go straight up to the apartment since it’s the middle of the day. With that being the case, Gabriel, you’re going to have to sit down with her and your Fae buddy there. It would be better for you to do it in public where your employees can see you. Naomi will give you a brief report of her time there.”
When she finally draws a card she can play, she throws the seven of spades down and looks up to catch Dean’s attention. “Hey, you know what we should do this Saturday?”
The soft smile on his lips is somewhat apologetic and Cas lets go of Charlie to touch Dean on the shoulder gently. “I know you wouldn’t.”
"Give me that!" Castiel gets up after him, vowing to put a pass code on his phone now that he actually has someone messaging him who
“Have I mentioned that you’re the best big brother ever?” Castiel throws a smile back over his shoulder. He’s very pleased that Gabriel is getting more and more used to the cat with each passing day.
, and all because he thought he would like them. In all honesty, now that he knows who they’re from, he adores them. They were objects that caused him conflict before and now they’re treasures; gifts from someone who
Sam’s distractions as a kid were shiny things. Dean’s was his mom’s hair. Dad has sworn on multiple occasions that it’s a goddamn miracle that Dean didn’t turn out to be a hairdresser. If Dean was being honest, he did kind of entertain it towards the end of high school, but he’d always wanted to be a firefighter and pursuing that is something he really doesn’t regret in the slightest. He thinks about that for while he adds volume to Jo’s hair. Maybe, if he ever retires from being a firefighter, just maybe he’ll go and try to be a hair stylist. Though he’s never actually
Charlie cracks her knuckles. “You want me to grill her during shift today? I bet I could get it out of her before noon.”
while they’re like this.” Dean tweaks a few more feathers into place and Castiel can’t help but push his wing into the touch, closing his eyes to enjoy it.
Once Gabriel is gone, Cas starts shifting uncomfortably. He hasn’t looked away from the paper and Dean’s starting to feel a little bad. Maybe he should have been a little more
After a few moments of silence, Sam scoots the chair closer and pats him on the leg again. “You gonna come back down to the party?”
It feels like a weight has been lifted from Castiel’s shoulders. He even allows himself to feel a small sense of relief as he touches the crystal still hanging around his neck. “Everything is starting to make sense. The frequency of the strobing indicated either a weak demonic energy was nearby or a strong one was near the edges of the perimeter.”
on it in a funky font that may or may not be too difficult for Cas to carve as a first timer. If he has some trouble, Dean will happily lend a hand. The fourth pumpkin has
Though his heart is racing, Castiel forces himself to speak. “Do you remember what happened when we left the Roadhouse?”
“It’ll be fine, Cas.” Dean waves a hand to dismiss the subject. “I’m only going to have a couple beers or something. Plus I’ve got a full stomach, so I’m good. I went into this knowing I’d be playing the designated driver and I’m happy to do it.”
When the FBI did their investigation back then, all the crystals were accounted for. The Coven must have come back later to take it, sending in someone who hadn’t made the deal with the Demon – meaning they wouldn’t have set off the system. Then it was just a matter of time before the Coven got through the spells and gave themselves a little doggy door that could let them through the perimeter so they could conduct some investigations of their own. That’s probably when they eventually discovered Cas.
“Because I stopped there this morning to water Cas’s plants and I forgot the sweater I packed for dinner tonight.” Dean shrugs and tries really hard to act like he’s not lying through his teeth. “You know, the one that mom likes?”
, wouldn’t it? Unless Dean is referring to a pasta scoop. In which case, Castiel is sure that they have at least one of those in the building somewhere. To be sure, he’ll have to ask Gabriel. If anyone knows where to find utensils in that kitchen, it’s him.
Eventually, after an indeterminate but possibly infinite amount of time, they manage to work their way up the bed until they’re settled amongst the pillows again. If it wasn’t for Dean being aroused, Castiel would normally assume that their relocation is to prepare for sleep. Since that doesn’t seem to be the case, he slowly draws away from the kiss – which is not an easy task. Whenever he tries to end the kiss so he can have enough breath to speak, Dean just pulls him back in.
And that is Gabriel speak for meaning that half of his motivation for this was motivated purely for monetary reasons. As part business owner in this venture, Castiel appreciates that at least someone is thinking about their bank balances at a moment like this. If he had been in charge, Castiel would have likely taken the cat, his bag, and his brother and ran from this place for good. They would have left behind their dreams and every investment they’ve put into this place – leaving behind nothing more than regrets.
to be here, or so he’s said. He wants to try and leaving within a few minutes of getting here isn’t much of an attempt. Dean will give it half an hour. If Cas still looks like he’s been chiselled out of stone instead of being loose and relaxed like pretty much everyone else here.
tomorrow and he is not looking forward to it. Although, if he thought about it logically, this is actually a good thing. Tomorrow is the Halloween party and Castiel is going to need every ounce of energy that he can get. He can deal with a trickle of customers throughout the night, but he’s never had to deal with how many are going to be at the party tomorrow – regardless of the fact that it’s not his overnight shift.
and he regrets not being brave enough to say it when they were together. The words had been on the tip of his tongue when they were saying their goodbyes. It would have been so simple to just
After a moment’s hesitation, Dean hums. “Um, I guess so? Mom has mentioned a few times about having to take the dog to get groomed. Why, you have something that needs grooming?”
anything. None of those options feel even remotely as meaningful as the things that Dean has chosen. It takes some effort to make him stop thinking along those lines. He’s here to
’. He thought himself to sleep almost every night and spent way too much time staring off into space while lost in his thoughts. Yeah, maybe he never really considered the fact that dating Cas means that he might
He would complain, but that sounds fair given the current situation. Castiel crouches at the edge of the bed so Gabriel doesn’t have to get up to draw the blood sigils between his shoulder blades. His wings want to stretch out the moment they lift free from the tattoos, but he has to focus to keep them reined in. This is the smaller of the two bedrooms and there are far too many shelves of spell components and various bric-a-brac in here that could be knocked over. He’ll give them a good stretch once he’s back in his own bedroom.
. Of course that couldn’t have happened and there were so many sounds and smells and – Yeah, they definitely don’t have any boundaries left.
Castiel tries to hide his laughter with a cough, as if he were clearing his throat. It doesn’t go unnoticed and Gabriel kicks him squarely in the shin. “Hey, Chuckles. Pass the salad. Us
Charlie’s silence lasts a little longer this time. It’s a few minutes before she speaks again, voice barely a whisper and carrying a seriousness to it that she didn’t have before. “Where did you go, Dean? You’ve been gone for a week and a half.”
Gabriel ignores him entirely to point at the cat. “Cassie, I’m putting my foot down.” He accentuates his statement by actually stomping his foot. “We are
– to find someone else and be happy with them. Castiel can’t be the one to give him what he wants, so obviously someone else will have to be the one to do it.
himself from Dean. If they could just get over each other, then there would be nothing for him to be jealous over. Then he wouldn’t feel like he’s going to throw up for multiple reason. Then he wouldn’t be practicing breathing techniques to keep himself from hyperventilating in the middle of his work shift. This is just the
Castiel isn’t too keen on continuing to clean, so he takes the offered chance to put it off for a little longer by greeting his employee. He’s barely taken two steps into the kitchen before Balthazar is turning to him with a wide grin. “Cassie! Anna said you found a Sidhe!”
Of course he doesn’t need to expand on that. Gabriel can hear the unspoken words. He knows exactly what Dean means and he still shakes his head. “Nothing.”
With a groan, Castiel opens his book again. He should never have closed it in the first place. “I don’t know what to know, Gabriel.”
Castiel shoots a glare at Gabriel’s back as he heads off into his bedroom, taking Nike with him. He does have a point though. Someone is going to have to wake Dean up eventually and that someone is going to have to be him. With a sigh, he returns to the living room and immediately changes his mind. Dean hasn’t moved an inch. In fact, he’s actually started drooling on his arm a little bit. It’s a little bit gross but a little bit cute too. He just looks so soft and peaceful while sleeping and it would be an absolute shame to disturb him in the slightest.
Gabriel walks into the room a few moments later, yawning and knuckle at his eyes. “Hey, how did your dinner with Dean go?”
And it was more than just a little bit annoying, but that was no fault of the customers. Castiel has been cranky for hours now. He’s tired beyond reason and more than ready for
With a sigh, he closes his eyes and tries to focus on all the hazy memories from Thursday. He can deal with the fallout from this later. The important thing is giving the FBI all the information he can. Anything he can give them might be able to help Cas.
Dean leads Cas to his bedroom and leaves him standing at the end of the bed. He can feel his curious look on his shoulders as he goes around the side of the bed and picks up the Ikea bag. This is going to make a hell of a mess, but it’s worth it. Without a word, Dean upends the bag over the bed and one thousand origami cranes spill out. He gives the pile a shove to spread them out and a few fall to the floor.
He really shouldn’t be engaging them anymore than he needs to, but Castiel can’t help but turn a glare on him. “I know enough
Dean presses a kiss into his hair and against his forehead, his hands touching everywhere they can reach. “Do you need me to do –
Well that doesn’t sound like much of a party. Actually, no, never mind. That sounds exactly like the same kind of party that Dean would throw himself. Minus the baking of course. Everyone always brings their own booze to any of the parties that he hosts. Okay, but that wasn’t the point of this. Gabe was asking about safety codes for hosting a party in a business place.
Welp, this is off to a great start. Actually, it’s not half as bad as Dean thought it would be, but Cas is most definitely getting nervous. The closer they got to the door, the closer Cas walked to him. He’s practically pressed up against his side by the time they’re actually
“Good point.” He muffles a yawn and looks up at her. “How about because I’m tired and still recovering from getting off work this morning? Is that a viable excuse to go home?”
been feeling a little hungry for the last hour or so. “Please let me know about the sunlight situation downstairs. If there is none, then maybe I’ll join you.”
when he’s got his jaw set like that, or when he turns those hard eyes on him. He’s pinned by that stair and it’s
his own clothing had come off. They didn’t try to stop him for hiding. They never do. Castiel is sure that they expect him to fall victim to the potion eventually.
They all get a good laugh out of that – even Uriel, which is surprising. His deadpan humour can be funny sometimes, but he doesn’t often join in when actual laughter happens. The relaxed mood around the table spurs Charlie into being more inclusive than she normally is when it comes to plan making.
“Yeah, that should do it.” Dean gives him a thumbs up with his knife in hand. “We can grate more if we need it. And, trust me on this, you can never have too much cheese in this soup.”
cute even though his dark hair is covered in flour and he’s scowling. His glasses are crooked and he fixes them before he actually looks at Dean. Like some kind of chick flick movie moment, Dean feels his heart flutter a little bit. He blames it on the fact that he’s tired as hell and this guy is seriously ridiculously cute. The kind of hot that would have had Dean hitting on him at last night’s party regardless of whether or not he could ping him as being open to that kind of thing.
going to do is get the cat washed, cleaned up, and vetted to ensure that it isn’t sick. During and after we have done that, we will make up posters advertising that we have found a cat.” He holds the cat up a little more, just in case Gabriel forgot what they’re talking about. “It’s far too tame to be a feral cat. Though it could just be my natural charm for animals.” Since he apparently has that now, or something similar.
done ever. They’re already distracting enough for him what few times they’re out. But not this time! No, no. This time,
With a sigh, he shakes his head and crosses the room to add more kibble to Nike’s bowl. “Even if I wanted to return your flirtations, Dean, I don’t really know how. I’ve never flirted with anyone.”
By the time she’s done talking, Dean is already down the pole and ready to go. So are the others. They climb into the truck, throw on the siren, and head on out. At this point, it’s likely that Dean isn’t going to be getting his nap anytime soon. And that just means that he’s going to need
. This is most definitely hurting him as much as it’s terrifying Castiel. But Dean puts on a brave smile and nods. “Okay. I get it, Cas, I do. Could you text me when you get home? I just want to know you got there safely.”
All very valid points, of course. And yet… She’s forgetting the most important thing. “You’d be higher up if you’d stop leaving your damn hair in the shower drain!”
The cat is still purring happily in his arm when he goes down the stairs into the café’s kitchen again. He’s barely stepped off the staircase when Balthazar stops what he’s doing and stares at him from across the worktop. “You know, that’s a health code violation, right?”
Hold on a second. Dean glances back at Keith with a frown. “He’s not going to die from this, is he?” Because that’s the whole thing about the
Though his curiosity is nearly overwhelming, Castiel forces himself to let it go. “I won’t ask you too.” He presses a kiss to the side of Dean’s head. “But that argument is over and done with. As hard as it is, don’t dwell on it anymore. If John could get over his bigotry to work with Creatures, then perhaps one day he’ll accept that you’re dating one.”
He does, however file that little tidbit away to bring up at a later date because this is so fucking
Cooking with Dean is always fun, and he’s very much looking forward to seeing the rest of Firefly and Serenity. He knows, without a doubt, that they’re going to have plenty more for between now and when Dean takes him home – especially if they have the snowball battle later.
Dean groans and puts his beer down so he can rub his temples. “Can we change the topic? Trying to understand the Fae makes my head hurt.”
“Live Action Roleplaying!” She stops her retreat and quickly returns, excitement causing the flecks across her face to flicker slightly with flame. “It’s called
going to have an awesome time tonight?” He’s just teasing, but Castiel still raises an eyebrow at him and regards him with the air of disapproval.
Well, he might as well show Cas the picture. But he needs to hide that message first, and he does that by full screening the picture and holding his phone out for Cas to see. “Look what my Mom just sent me.”
Castiel pushes up onto his elbows and fidgets with his crystal necklace until he builds up enough courage to send a not-so-quick message.
“I keep one with me when I come here.” Mr. Montagne pats the top of the gravestone with a smile. “I normally have flowers in here and come replace them every now and then. Since you were coming, I figured you’d be bringing your own, so I left it empty this time.”
“I know, but it’s nice to be reminded of it.” She flicks her hair over her shoulder as she sits back in her chair; looking as smug as smug could be.
Dean doesn’t seem to have the same problem. He’s been snorting softly into his pillow for a while now. Castiel spooned him to sleep before rolling away. While he does love a good cuddle, there is a time limit on how long they can do that before they start sweating and get too hot to keep it up. He’s still on his side and starting at Dean’s back since apparently he just can’t sleep.
Laughing, Dean wipes fake sweat from his brow. “Thank God! My bruised ego wouldn’t be able to take another crushing defeat.”
Dean makes a pained expression and looks away. “No, probably not. But Sam is planning on using you as a trial run on whether or not he’s going to break the news to them. I don’t think Mom knows, but you don’t hide the fact that you’re a Creature like she does.”
“Good evening, boss!” Tessa looks up from putting out clean dishes on the shelves. She breaks into a wide grin – the kind of grin that makes Castiel worry.
more interesting than anything he could find amusing, and especially when one of Cas’s wings brushes against his shoulder. Has he mentioned how much he loves that Cas keeps doing that? It’s the fucking
And, frankly speaking, if he’s not alone with Dean, then he won’t be too focused on him. It’s like Dean is a magnet and Castiel finds himself drawn to him at times. That allure is getting harder and harder to resist and he’s starting to get afraid. If he’s alone with Dean for too long, it’s very possible that Castiel might crack. He might act on his emotions and there is
And that’s why he’s going to ask Cas to go with him. First choice, but asked last, and Dean is going to keep his fingers crossed that it goes well. This is the first date-but-not-a-date since the club. It will be their unofficial third date, or possibly the forth. Or maybe they’ve gone on way more dates than that if they include all the times that they’ve just hung out at each other’s places for food, games, and movies. Home hang outs like that blur the line between date and not a date, but it’s not like Dean treated them like a
Cas nods and stirs the espresso into Dean’s black drip. He doesn’t say anything and Dean takes it as his cue to keep talking. Otherwise they’ll be stuck in the middle of some awkward type silence and Dean
The look Cas turns on him is intense and calculating. It makes Dean feel stupidly warm in his coat and he has the intense urge to look away from those too blue eyes and the air of inhuman they give. Eventually, Cas looks away again, this time to pick up a needle and thread. He shrugs and clears his throat. “I certainly hope so.”
underway for how he was going to tell them. And those plans were still on phase one. This is a billion fucking phases away and
“I’ll come to watch you win.” Cas slides down the bench to get up too. “But I will not drink. I’ve had beer before and it wasn’t even remotely enjoyable.”
“I’m going to take a shower.” It’s obvious what he plans to do, but he says it for Gabriel’s sake anyways as he passes through the kitchen to the bathroom.
“She would have gone back to sleep after a while.” Not that Castiel is complaining, of course. He’s happy to have her down here and he gives her a quick hug before putting her on the floor. “Thank you.”
“That whole story sounded rehearsed to me.” Dad shakes his head and he’s digging his heels in now, just like the stubborn ass that he is. “Pretty fucking suspicious.”
Speaking of cool, it’s in the low forties right now and the sun is going to be coming up soon. He takes one quick kiss before stepping back and taking Cas’s hands in his. “I hate to break up the kiss-fest right now but it’s bed time for you, huggy-bear.”
“I’m going, I’m going.” Dean heads for the door with a laugh and waves over his shoulder. “Happy Birthday, by the way!”
“Alrighty then.” Gabriel steps around him with his thumb in his mouth. “Is there anything else you need me to do or can I go take care of the whole Naomi situation now?”
Jo pats him on the hand and gives Dean a bright smile. “So, you need to stop acting like it’s the end of the world just because Nick is going to ask him out first, okay?”
His question goes ignored. Castiel is far too focused on what he’s doing. They only have a basic cable package, but one of their few channels is local news and Castiel flips through them until he finds it. Unsurprisingly, they’re currently wrapped up in a segment about the upcoming
“Nothing in particular.” He slides over to lean into Dean’s side. “But would you be mad if I stopped you from going too far?”
This was not how he was expecting his night to go, but he can’t say that he regrets it. He’ll be tired as hell in the morning, but he’s got a brownie right now and Cas’s smile fresh in his mind. In less than a day he’ll get to see it again and maybe get to know Cas better. That’s step one and – well – who knows where step two is going to take him? Either way, he’s kinda looking forward to that.
or anything. Just –” Dean takes a deep breath and tries to make himself relax again. “I’m just not used to it. Keep going.”
“It’s fine.” Castiel shrugs and turns back to pour the coffee. It’s a miracle that he doesn’t splash it everywhere, given how much his hands are shaking. He turns back and places it on the counter, foregoing the dragon this one time. “Here you go. When you’re ready for your second cup, just let me know and I’ll bring the pot over to you.”
Dean’s pulse ratchets up a few notches more and his mouth suddenly goes dry. “Y-yeah?” Oh sweet Jesus this is it. This is
It was a unanimous decision, which they got Jo to agree to afterwards, that the pantry would be their communal spot. Mostly. There are three smaller sized Rubbermaid bins in there are the lower shelves that have their names on them too. That’s where they can put things that are too big for their cupboards. Everything else, like big bags of flour, cooking spray, the massive bin of rice, and various other things they buy in bulk, are all communal. Everyone pitches in and splits the bill when they buy in bulk, because it’s the kind of shit that everyone eats anyways – especially considering that when Dean cooks, he cooks for
mind, then they can watch it together again another day. This is one of the few movies that Castiel would happily watch again. It would be nice to see what he didn’t catch the first time.
“The delivery car pulled up while I was walking down the street.” Cas shrugs, trying to look all sorts of nonchalant, but he’s too smug to really pull it off. “I took the liberty of paying for it.”
The problem he has now is whether to act on the fact that Dean might possibly know that he’s a Gargoyle now. If he does know, then what’s stopping Castiel from taking the first steps towards confirming it for him? That would close the gap between them. He wants to get closer to Dean, doesn’t he? Not just physically, but emotionally – and that’s the most important to Castiel right now. That’s what he wants, but should he take that step? Is it the right thing to do?
Whatever Dean might have thought about Gabriel before shifts into a brighter light now. “Aw, that’s really nice of you.”
Even though it’s only for a moment, Dean still gets a heck of a shiver when he thinks about those glowing eyes above him and a gravelly growl in his ear. Oh
Charlie laughs and shouts back over her shoulder while she drags Castiel out of the hut. “Listen to your Queen, Dean! You have your order, now carry it out!”
rude.” Gabriel whispers and waves a hand in Dean’s direction again. “I heard how tired he is. I say, let ‘em sleep until the end of the movie.”
If you like what you've seen and like what you've read, please consider giving us both a follow over on our tumblrs. :) And make sure to give Purgatory-Jar all the love for the wonderful work she's doing with the art and the story! We're mad, unstoppable geniuses ♥
Oh dear God. Putting it into words is not good for his health. He can feel himself heating up under his collar and it’s going to show on his face in no time. Dean ducks his head with a shrug and turns away. “I guess? I figured that I would point that out if you want the tried and true dating experience here.”
And there’s her answer, as it’s been since the very first day they joined the local LARP group. Ah, nostalgia. Their friendship is fucking fantastic and he wouldn’t change a thing about it.
Rather than answer, Cas turns his head to scan the bushes along the path. He even tilts his head back a bit and sniffs the air. Dean knew that his senses are sharper than his own, but it still throws him when Cas does something like this. He drops his voice into a whisper. “Can you actually smell anything?”
“You should do it nonetheless. The act of making the tea will help ease your mind, especially if it’s loose leaves instead of a teabag. And the tea itself will help you to relax while you drink it.” Cas just sounds so sure of himself that Dean kinda doesn’t want to shut him down like that, but he has to.
to talk about it. I want to tell you about –” Castiel clears his throat and shuffles his feet. He could have kept this a secret, but he doesn’t like keeping secrets from Dean anymore. “When you were there with me, you were
manage to get the drop on them, would they really have taken the time to cover him with Cas’s coat before murdering him? And it was
“You said that I had to pay you back, right?”Dean leans in and bumps their noses together. It’s just a precursor to before he leans in and kisses him. But this is more than just that. The kiss is a distraction to keep Cas from noticing him get something from his pocket.
“When we danced, and –” The words build up in his throat and Castiel feels like he’s choking on them. “Our
Speaking of fingering… Castiel sits back again to watch where he and Dean are connected. This begs the question; would Dean be able to take him
During his walk, Castiel decides to take the long way around the park so that he’ll come to the tower last. It’s his favourite part of the park and he’s looking forward to seeing what it looks like covered in snow and lit by the park lights. The observation tower may not be one of
if Dean ever heard one. Was he getting to comfortable with the conversation? In his experience, that’s how friends are made. Maybe Cas sees that as something really weird? Dean
As much as he wants to continue to move inside him, he can’t. Castiel waits until Dean has stopped trembling and loosened around him before he slowly lowers him to the bed. He doesn’t pull out, but he does fold his wings and stay propped out on his elbows; tucked close to the heat of Dean’s back.
While that is all well and good, there is still one glaring problem with that response. “That doesn’t answer my question.” It doesn’t affect Castiel in the slightest whether or not Dean is always this liberal with his personal information, but he
When he brings her back to join them, Tessa tags along with Nike’s carrier in her arms. After the situation is explained, Jess turns a lovely shade of red. “Oh my God.” She sounds pretty nasally and congested. “I’m so sorry. I’ve been stuffed up all week and I couldn’t smell anything while I was back here.” After a moment she holds up both hands. “Don’t worry about me working in the kitchen, though! I wear a mask and gloves while I’m working and I’m over the worst of it!”
think about it. That and he’s also trying to not focus on how annoyed he is with his dad for being a bigoted asshole. Seriously, it’s been
Is Castiel going to be expected to return the favour? He’s not so much worried about giving Dean a blow job as he is concerned that he’ll be
True as that may be, it’s still not cool for him to fall asleep when they were supposed to be hanging out together. On the bright side, at least he didn’t unintentionally kick Cas out of his bed by crashing early – if only because Cas doesn’t actually
for him and he’s excited to be the first one to show Cas how awesome a good make out session can be. And if that leads to
When he shakes his head, Castiel turns to face the TV again. He squeezes Dean’s fingers tightly. “This.”
Unfortunately, the crappy Spanish soap opera he’s currently watching with Bobby isn’t doing much to hold his attention. And that really sucks. Dean used to
Dean holds his fake sword high and gives a battle cry that is immediately reciprocated by everyone gathered around him. He looks around with a proud smile that Castiel can see from here, though it doesn’t last for long. It drops from his face most suddenly. In the same moment, he drops his sword and ducks to hide behind Charlie; which is a most impressive feat considering their height difference. Castiel can’t for the life of him figure out what could have caused that. Dean is acting like he’s trying to
Gabriel makes a loud gurgling sound full of frustration. It’s the last thing Castiel hears before he quickly makes his exit. He feels overly pleased with himself for standing up to Gabriel like this. No matter what Gabriel says, Castiel is going to keep Nike. She’s a part of the family now and that’s just
Sam is behind the counter when Dean walks in. There’s a pretty brunette girl next to him and they both smile at him. Sam’s is a
For something hidden so often, Cas’s wings are pretty expressive. They perk right up and fluff a little. “I like the sound of that.”
“I know, and I’ll go to Church and confess my sins if you want me to.” He makes a cross over his chest before putting his palms together and looking skyward. Gabriel holds it for a moment before dropping his hands and fixing Castiel with a flat stare. “But I’m not going to regret it because
in the back of his mind. Castiel can’t ignore it anymore, but he doesn’t have to give in to it completely. It took far too much of his will power to stamp down on it when he had to stop before.
look like Cas if he squints enough – well, that’s gonna be chalked up to a coincidence and nothing more.
"No, no, Channing, please just –" Kevin sighs loudly and shoves a hand through his hair. "Just listen to me, okay? I can't let you know about the party tonight. The schedule for New Year’s Eve hasn't been released yet. I'll let you know if I can go after I see – I'm
.” Dean must have caught him inspecting the scarf. He turns to him with a smile and taps at the star. “I’ve never been to Texas, but they drafted my favourite player, so I guess they’re my favourite team now.” He shrugs with a laugh and turns to head out the front door.
Slowly but surely it begins to dawn on him that maybe, just maybe, he isn’t in Kansas anymore. Dean lifts his head and opens one eye at a time to squint around the room, just in case it’s bright. To his surprise, the room is nearly pitch black; reinforcing the growing suspicions that this is not his bedroom. His room has flimsy blinds that barely keep out the street lights, let alone sunlight. This is definitely not his bedroom because the only light is from the alarm clock next to the bed and a slightly lighter rectangle on the wall that might be a window with a really thick shade over it.
Cas is still drawing on his pumpkins when Dean gets elbow deep inside his first one. The scoop he brought will be good to use to get all the shit off the insides, but everything else will be easier to get out by hand. He’s methodical with his gutting, taking his time and making sure that he’s getting
Nike meows from the toilet lid and he hears the solid thump as she jumps to the counter then to the medicine cabinet. Castiel leans his head back to find her peeping at him over the curtain rod, meowing in concern. Would she do the same thing if Dean was in the shower instead? She doesn’t seem to care too much whenever Gabriel is the one in here. From what he can tell, Nike likes Gabriel better than she does Dean, so maybe she wouldn’t?
As for what Balthazar and Gabriel repeatedly tease him for or outright claim regarding Dean’s true intentions… Well, he’s just going to ignore them for now. If Dean ever outright says that he’s interested in him in a different capacity, then and
“It’s fine, don’t worry about it.” He flashes Cas a bright grin and checks the display case. “I’ll take my usual, Charlie’s usual, and three slices of that cherry pie.” Because screw the dainties.
He recoils when Castiel bares his fangs in a growl and fans his wings in a threatening display. Gabriel holds his hands up in defeat and takes a step back. “Alright, fine. I promise I’ll bring Harold the
engines. He pulls his necklace out from under his shirt and starts fidgeting with it as something to do with his hands; rolling it between his fingers and rubbing it with his thumb. He’s just shy of starting to chew on his nail when Gabriel takes action.
s. He hates it with a passion and it makes the day feel five hundred percent longer than it actually is.
. We can find out who it was! If we know who they are and can trust them, then you could totally go out on a date and –”
starts blasting and Sam is on his knees in a heartbeat; eyes wide and hair in all directions. Dean cackles and reaches out to pull him into an under the arm hug. It turns out to be more noogie than hug, but that’s what big brothers are for. Sam’s nonsense swearing gets drowned out by the song as it plays on repeat and Dean sings along to it, all while ignoring Sam’s attempts to extract himself from the ‘hug’.
“Yeah, it sucks.” Dean sighs and squeezes Cas’s hand. “But I’ll come see you a couple times while I’m getting the coffee.” He’s answered with an unhappy hum and Dean offers up another option. “What if I promise to text or call you every time I’m on break? I’ll even send you pictures of the action.”
.” Jo places a hand to her forehead as she unbuckles her seat belt. “How cruel of you to make us walk from the
Good point. He snorts a laugh and grabs one of the spare knives. Dean’s heart rate picks up a bit as he heads around the worktop, putting himself a lot closer to Cas than he’s been all evening. He tries
list of things he likes to do. The other two slots also have to do with Dean, and Castiel may or may not be a little obsessed with his boyfriend in that case. Should he make the effort to find other things he likes that
Dean squints at him with all manner of suspicion, but does as he’s told. The moment the ball hits the ground, there’s a poof of smoke and a bang like a firecracker that has them both jumping in surprise. They take a step back together, their eyes on what is now nothing more than a pile of coloured ash on the floor. Dean sucks in a sharp gasp and grabs Castiel’s arm with both hands as multiple tendrils made up of thousands of twinkling lights start to weave up and out of the ash.
That sends his heart rate spiraling up to the same levels where it had been on New Year’s Eve. There’s just something about knowing that he’s actually
to look good. That might draw more attention to him and, frankly speaking, the only person whose attention he wants is Dean’s. Even then, he doesn’t want
Dean twists around to look at the wall behind the counter. There are a bunch of important looking documents in frames off to one side of the shelving and menu board. Two of them look way fancier than the others, and they’re written in a kind of mystical-like font. That’s probably the magic license. Magic organizations always love playing up the whole magical thing.
Gabriel nods along as if he’s agreeing, like he would have done the same if he was in their situation. Although it never would have happened. Their father was very attentive even while he was working from home. And even when Castiel’s wings weren’t developed enough to fly, he was still able to glide, more or less. He never actually did, despite his penchant for climbing trees as a child. Even if he ever
“For a Nintendo Switch!” For someone in their mid-thirties, Gabriel acts just like a child as he bounces excitedly in place. “Thank you, Cassie!”
Well if that isn’t terrifying, than Castiel doesn’t know what is. He starts to nervously worry his bottom lip between his teeth and glances towards the door. Dean’s family should be here shortly. Is it too late to call this off? Maybe they can just continue with the rest of their lives without telling Dean’s father that they’re dating? It would involve quite a lot of secrecy, but Castiel is no stranger to that. It would just be difficult for Dean and his family, since everyone knows except for John.
. Dean can feel his cheeks start to burn. He kinda regrets having more Han Solo and Indiana Jones posters on his walls than he ever did Baywatch or Lara Croft. On the bright side, Mom was prepared for this and he doesn’t have a whole lot to explain. Just one thing, though. “I’m not
As if Dean would deny that. “If I keep my space clean and organized, it’s easier to do the same with the rest of my life.” He shrugs and drops into the desk chair. “I’ve always been a bit of a neat freak ever since I was a kid. Thank God I never had to share a room with Sam growing up. He’s so messy!”
might just be a misunderstanding. As far as he knows, Dean could have been telling the truth and he really did just get swept up in the moment. This could all be the fault of the beer and the mood and – and now he’s just grasping at straws because what are the chances that Gabriel is actually wrong about this?
Dean puts his hands on Castiel’s shoulders and guides him from side to side, forward, and back again. He even announces each step and turn until it’s obvious that Castiel has it down. Once they get to that point, Dean steps away to put a few feet between them, just like the rest of the people in line. Castiel feels a little ridiculous, but he can’t keep a smile from his face when he has Dean laughing so happily next to him. He really didn’t know what to expect when he came out tonight, but he’s glad that they’re all having fun.
When he shakes his head, Dean’s shoulders slump and he steps around him. “I’ll go get your coat. Can you just – Please promise me that you won’t leave before I get back?”
It’s just over an hour until the end of his shift when he notices a bright set of headlights. There are been false alarms by cars that end up driving past, but these particular headlights turn off outside of Castiel’s field of vision from the counter. He drops everything to run to the door and quickly step outside. Castiel makes it just in time to see the tail end of the fire engine pull into the garage. If it wasn’t for his Creature blood, his eyes likely wouldn’t be strong enough to see that from here.
“Yes, but you sleep until late in the evening, then you wake up for a few hours and go back to sleep.” He tilts his head and looks at Dean over the top of his glasses. “It’s a waste of a whole day. Why wouldn’t you want to make the most of your day?”
Cas pulls out of the hug first and clears his throat. He ducks his head as he picks up the pie. “I’m going to let this stay warm in the oven and serve up supper. It’s spaghetti and meatballs. And, yes, I have garlic bread to include it.”
Castiel leans against the window frame and presses his faces to the screen. He’s on the third floor of a building that he’s never seen the outside of. There’s nothing but a stupidly tall brick wall facing his window and a dirty alley to look down into. The wall is so tall that he would have to take the screen off his window and lean out to be able to see the sky. In all the time that they’ve been staying here, Castiel hasn’t seen or heard a single person go down the alley. He can’t even hear the street. It’s been nothing but the wind and the occasional rustle of a bag from a trash can below.
stock bags of the Hershey’s present wrapped chocolates. Unfortunately, they only have two of the various colours. Well, that’s fine. He can still work with that. All he’ll need to do is alternate colours and still make it look amazing. Although he’s still going to need bows and ribbons. If he’s lucky, Shaw’s might have some here. If they don’t, he’ll have to get it somewhere else since those are things he and Gabriel usually have no need for at home – especially considering how little actual storage space they have.
On the bright side, the inviting process he can do from his computer with a few clicks of his mouse. He doesn’t even have to get dressed to do it. And no one needs to know that the Facebook event he created this morning was done entirely in just his underpants. Dean even made sure to add Charlie and Jo as moderators to the event so they could add whatever people they want to invite from their own friend groups. Charlie’s list is probably going to overlap a lot with Dean’s. The vast majority of their friends are all from their LARP group or from the station.
. Since then, Castiel has more or less been reading a book with the occasional ten minute doze every so often. Mostly, he just stayed cuddled with Dean while he wasted away the night – not that he actually considers it a waste.
The two of them put on their professional faces as they approach her. Charlie smiles and holds out her hand. “Hello ma’am. I’m Charlie and this is Dean. How can we help you?”
The sad thing is that Dean is totally blowing smoke out his ass right now. He has no fucking clue what Cas's preferences might be. This could all be for naught as it is if Cas isn't into guys. For all Dean knows, he could be circling the base of the wrong tree, and he hasn't even started barking up it yet. He needs to keep testing the waters before he even considers doing something like that.
. Dean’s heart soars almost violently and he wiggles a bit under the blanket. There’s no way he can keep that happiness out of his voice. “Thanks, Cas?”
“There we go, safe and sound.” Tessa turns back to him and puts her finger to her lips too. “And I promise that your secret is safe with me, mystery admirer.”
.” Cas gestures at him with his drink before bringing the straw to his lips. A smile curls in the corner of his mouth as he sips a quarter of the drink without breaking eye contact.
“Can I have a night just to relax first before they start interrogating me?” Castiel sighs and rests his elbows on the table. He’s not looking forward to having to be around other people again.
.” He laughs and stands up to move the main box to the couch and out of the way for their decorating.
“I have a confession to make." Gilda clears her throat a few minutes after they’ve pulled out of the parking lot. “I was already fairly good at archery before tonight.” Obviously Charlie already knew this, because her gasp of surprise is completely fake. She even starts laughing afterwards, meaning Dean and Cas were the only ones being hustled tonight.
have to pay a bigger cut of the rent.” She shrugs and tries her best to look innocent while she shuffles the cards. “Why else do you think that neither one of us fought you for the right of having that
Dean snorts and half his anxiety melts away under the sheer comfort that comes with talking to a good friend. “Okay, Sherlock. What were you going to do if you were wrong?”
He starts walking without another word and Dean falls into step next to him, his head down and his shoulders curled. Is he feeling as bad about this as Castiel does? Part of him hopes that he does. This has changed the evening and it will most likely change the course of their friendship if he lets it. And if he doesn’t, Castiel can’t help but wonder what that will mean for the both of them. His mind is so preoccupied with thinking about the future that ten minutes into their walk flies by.
They’re probably halfway through it when Dean pauses it. He twists on the couch to face Castiel, his face pinched with concern. “You okay there, Cas?”
less than Castiel did him. He wiggles his hips and frowns at the feeling. When is it supposed to start feeling good? This might be an inappropriate time to think it, but it really just feels like he kind of has to go to the bathroom – but not really.
and Dean honestly doesn’t know if that’s a good thing or a bad thing. Eventually, Cas does look up at him from under his lashes and
wants him to stay. Or, at least, he hopes that’s the case. And since Cas is being so insistent, it would be rude of him not to sit and stay. Dean totally gets a little thrill with getting to go around the counter when no one else does. He sits with his back against the wall and Cas stays half turned to keep talking with him while still dealing with customers wanting something sweet or needing a coffee to help themselves sober up.
“I completely understand.” Cas swirls the rest of his drink in his glass. “After my initial panic at meeting Chuck and discovering where Gabriel got our names from, Balthazar was the one who hinted that Chuck might have had a Seer in his family history. I confronted him about how he might have known and he told me quite a bit that I didn’t know about the Fae.” He glances around the room, as if looking to see if there are any Fae around. “Did you know that the forms we see them in – Anna, Balthazar, Gilda – that’s what
Dean relaxes almost immediately. He breathes a sigh of relief and squeezes Castiel’s hand once before letting go to pick up his utensils. Even Mary and Sam look relieved and tuck into their food with soft smiles. Castiel is just happy that things didn’t go poorly. It is rather unfortunate that Dean’s family has to walk on eggshells for fear of inducing John’s anger. He doesn’t think that’s quite fair to them.
.” Crowley rolls his eyes and shakes his head. “You don’t deal with Gargoyles as much as we do without already knowing the basics.”
A soft whine of disappointment is drawn from his lips as Dean finally pulls away again. He grins down at Castiel and twists his wrist in a quick stroke, perhaps as a reminder to what
like everyone else on the dance floor, but as far as he cares, those people don’t even exist anymore. It’s just him and Cas, dancing to their own music and, yeah. Dean is basically in Heaven right now.
and Dean knows exactly what that means. That’s only confirmed by how Sam launches into talking about Jess and how she’s not just a pretty face because she’s
There’s a few beats of silence before Cas quietly asks another question. “Is everything alright?” There’s actual concern in his voice and it sends a weird little shiver down Dean’s spine.
. The only one who actually gives him a run for his money is Charlie, and that’s because she currently holds the crown between them.
In any case, Castiel is absolutely mortified for far too many reasons to be comfortable. He was – it was – Oh no. Oh
Once he pushes his glass away and throws a few dollars down on the bartender’s side of the counter as a tip, he turns on the stool to face him. “Hey, I probably should have gone over this in the car, but I got something to tell you.” He glances around before leaning in and dropping his voice into a whisper. “Not that many people know that I’m bi, okay? So, don’t – um – don’t
how he continues to call Cas and leave voicemails for him. And the text messages. Can’t forget the text messages. Dean texts and calls him almost on the daily at this point. If it’s not about how his plants are doing, then it’s about any interesting news from the café, or something he watched, listened to, or saw. Of course he tells Cas how much he misses him; how the coffee at the station tastes like shit compared to what they make at the café; and that he’s actually lost a little weight from not having Gabriel’s baking every other day.
That makes his heart lurch almost painfully. His mouth goes dry and Dean can’t help glancing at the door again. “Y-yeah? You don’t think that means –?” He can’t bring himself to actually say it because that means getting his hopes up and they’re already starting to skyrocket.
imagine what he’s feeling and none of it is good. There have been way too many assholes on the internet freaking out because one of their male friends just came out as gay and they feel so
“Depends on how hot it is in your bedroom.” Dean hums and drums his fingers on his shoulders. “I’m fine with pajamas if it’s cool in there. If it’s warm, then I’ll downgrade to a t-shirt and my underpants. And if it’s too damn hot, then I’ll be going to underwear only.”
Castiel takes a few long, deep breaths to try and calm himself. It’s difficult when it feels like he was just picked up, turned upside down, and shaken violently. His mind is reeling and it’s taking everything in his power not to sit down where he stands.
As Dean starts to slowly spiral down from his high, Castiel leans over to kiss him softly. His own limbs still feel loose, leaving his heart and mind to feel like they’re floating on air. Unsurprisingly, he finds himself
Actually, okay. He’ll just get that shit out of the way now. Otherwise he won’t be able to focus on the story like he wants to. Everything about Cas nags at him at all times of the day unless he takes care of that stuff first. Which is why he kicks back at his desk instead with YouTube playing in his ears and his fingers working at folding a
Last year was the only Christmas where Castiel actually felt the holiday spirit since his parents died. This year, he’s not feeling it
Castiel extracts himself from Dean’s arms and rolls off the bed. “Stay right where you are. I – I need to do something first. I’ll be right back.”
. It’s a good thing that he booked the booth ahead of time, or it might be too jam packed to get it.
“A love of my –” Gabriel lowers his coffee and runs a hand over his face. “Cassie, what the hell? If I wanted love, trust me, I’d find it.”
As he reaches to open the door, it swings inward before his fingers touch the handle. Gabriel takes a step forward before stopping suddenly. He looks between Castiel and Dean in surprise before breaking into a truly ridiculous grin. His eyebrows go halfway up his forehead before he steps around Castiel. Dean edges out of the way so he can get a few steps down the stairs, going down them backwards so he can keep grinning at them.
His eyes flick up from the picture and Dean slaps on a hopeful smile. Cas doesn’t have to take him up on the option, but if he does then that would be a good thing, right? Maybe? Oh God, who the fuck knows. If Cas doesn’t want it, then there’s no shame in that.
and she’s rolling her eyes when he looks at her again. “Any Witch worth their weight could tell just from looking at you that you’re so loaded up with wards that a spell like that would have bounced right off.” She shakes her head and sighs. “Besides, we learned our lesson with your father already. It would be
Keith rolls his eyes and tugs Dean’s arm hard enough that he stumbles forward. In the blink of an eye, he finds himself seated on one of the chairs left folded out from the wall. He gives Dean a hard look before moving past him to shut the doors. There’s a smug grin on his lips as he leans over and bangs on the side of the van. Within moments, the engine rumbles to life. Gabriel nearly falls over as the van lurches into movement and pulls back out onto the shitty dirt road.
When he finally leaves the bathroom, the mirror is fogged so completely that he can’t even make out any details of his face – and he’s vaguely thankful for it. Castiel doubts that he could look himself in the eye right now, much less anyone else. He’s proven right when he steps out into the kitchen with his hair still dripping and a towel around his waist, only to find that Gabriel is still waiting for him. Nike is much more vocal with her displeasure about having to wait outside for him and she rubs against Castiel’s ankles, not caring that his skin is still damp.
By the time Charlie actually finds a container big enough for the rest of the soup, Cas is long done in the bathroom. He ends up being the one to pour the leftovers into the container, even holding the inner liner of the slow cooker so Charlie can take the serving spoon to the insides to make sure they get everything. She disappears into the bathroom herself as soon as she’s done her part, leaving Cas to take the liner to Dean.
want to keep her, but I also want ot make sure that I’m not keeping her from a family that might be missing her.” Castiel checks the next few stairs to make sure that they’re glue free. They look good and he goes up them.
easier when it’s just for four people. Five, if you include Bobby because we basically adopted him.”
Castiel doesn’t mean to do it, but the clock on the cash register catches his eye while he’s giving it a cursory wipe down. It’s nearly two o’clock, and that means that Dean will be here soon. Ever since they became friends, Castiel has become much more aware of the days of the week and the time during his shift. Is it weird that he’s essentially memorized Dean’s schedule? He hasn’t tried to hide that fact, since it’s a fairly regular schedule and everything and it only took paying some attention to figure it out. If Dean has a problem with it, he certainly hasn’t said anything.
Castiel turns the mug over in his hand and sucks in a sharp breath. His name is scrawled in cursive across the side of the mug, and beneath it is
big. It’s entirely possible that gossip like that could get back to Dean. Castiel would be absolutely mortified if that happened. A rumour like that might actually scare Dean away and if Gabriel somehow costs Castiel his only friend, he might very well go nuclear.
. He has no words for this, so Dad steps up to speak instead of him. Although he does it by taking one of the tickets from Dean and handing it over to Mom.
he wanted him to keep talking before. “Sorry – not really – but remind me, does me talking keep you in your head?”
Jo worms some cold, hard thing under the blanket and presses it against Dean’s cheek. “Get up, handsome. We’ve got work to do.”
In unison, all three of them answer; “Thank you, Mom.” Of course Dad uses her name instead, but it’s still said at the same time.
He brings a hand up to thread into Cas’s hair, using the grip to pull his head back enough that he can see his whole face again. “C’mon, Cas. Use your words. How are you feeling?”
Never in his life, not even his most rebellious of teenager years, has he talked back to his dad like this. He’s been sassy before, yes, but never like this. The last time he mouthed off was way back in the days of when it was socially acceptable to spank your kids. He got the belt for that and he never did it again. Until tonight. It’s a damn good thing that he’s an adult and everything right now, otherwise he might have gotten the belt again.
It didn’t take much contemplating to figure out that Cas must wear them to take focus away from his eyes. The only reason that Dean can tell that they’re not exactly Human is because he’s basically memorized everything about Cas; from how his pupils are a slightly slitted to how vibrantly blue they are. Someone who’s there to just buy a cup of coffee might not notice that because of the glasses. In any case, Cas looks good with or without them.
Now that he’s free of the blanket, Dean reaches down to palm his crotch. He’ll wait a bit before pushing his pajama pants down. It’s always better to work himself up first. If he’s not aching for it, then what’s the point? Thankfully, it shouldn’t take him too long to get to that point since his dreams gave him a pretty decent head start. His current fantasy is pretty tame by any regard, but thinking about Cas pushing him down on the couch and smooching the ever loving shit out of his is
“Cover it in whipped cream and I’ll take that and a Caramel Candy Corn, whatever the hell that is.” From the board it looks like something Charlie would normally drink, but the name of it kinda throws Dean a bit. Whoever named the drinks here gave them all ridiculous candy based names. It’s making Dean’s sweet tooth ache and he eyes the display case again.
Looks like the penny just dropped. Dean tries really hard not to blush, but he does duck his head while he shrugs. “I wasn’t sure if you knew or not. I kinda figured you did, given the whole bit where I was totally caught on camera every single time.”
The kisses leave him slightly dazed, but Castiel recovers quickly. He tries so hard not to smile as he narrows his eyes. “Really? Are you sincere or are you just excited that you’ll get to see me wearing armor again?”
did?” Even his wings twitch upward, already starting to vibrate in the way they do when he’s particularly interested in something.
and makes another gesture with the hand he has in the air. The bushes along both sides of the path rustle and the air shimmers again. Castiel glances around sharply as a half dozen other people suddenly
No one expects Balthazar to clear this throat and step into their line of sight. He waves a hand back and forth to get their attention. “If I may interject for a moment?”
It’s true, she did. Between the four of them, Charlie came in second place with archery. Cas was a close third, but Dean was
Keith clears his throat and they both glance at him. “I’m going to put this right here.” He tosses the granola bar onto the other stretcher. “And I’m going to shut these doors too, just in case the – uh –
someone before. I don’t know if the feelings I have for you are simply friendship or if they’re something more.”
Dean can’t help the blush that burns in his cheeks, but his heart feels like it’s swelling. The cold that he’d been feeling in the pit of his stomach diminishes under the heat that spreads through him. It means the world to him that his family likes Cas, and it makes him beyond happy that Mom likes him too.
win against her one day, even if it's not a competition. Being the first one done is the only thing that makes doing the paperwork worthwhile. Sure, it's part of the job and everything, but Dean
Castiel fidgets for a few moments, deliberating if he should or shouldn’t show him. But this whole conversation is about telling the truth. He doesn’t want to hide anything from Dean anymore. Not even this. With that in mind, Castiel folds an arm up behind his back until he can feel the downy feathers near the base of his wings.
After a moment and a long drink of his water, Dean shakes his head and flashes him a smile. “No, I guess it wasn’t.” He glances away and must spot someone he knows. “I know you’re not going to like this, but I gotta keep up the social front for a bit and at least say hi to the folks I know. Is that okay?”
It’s roughly an hour later when the door creaks open. Charlie sneaks in on silent feet and puts a finger to her lips as she holds up her phone in such a distinctive manner that he knows immediately she’s there to take pictures. Castiel raises an eyebrow, but otherwise doesn’t move or speak. The flash of her camera leave spots dancing in his eyes. Dean shifts slightly against his make and makes a soft sound before pressing his face into the divot between Castiel’s neck and the pillow. Both he and Charlie hold their breath, waiting to see if that woke him. When he doesn’t move again, they both relax.
he’s been having for a while now. Except – and this is the part that has him bang his head against the tiled wall of the shower – he doesn’t like the idea of dancing up on another guy. Doing anything with someone who
this tired if it wasn’t for them and their insatiable need to party. His bedtime would have been a good two hours ago if it wasn’t for them. But apparently the songs were too good and there was no way they could just
“It’s not rocket science, Cas.” Dean laughs and tucks his wallet away. “Actually, it’s super easy. Haven’t you ever carved a pumpkin before?”
Mom grabs him for a quick kiss goodbye on the cheek before he gets too far. Dad settles for a wave and the pair head off down the parking lot towards his truck. Sam hangs back a bit and waits for them to get the engine going. He steps in to give Dean a quick hug, which is a little weird because he could have done that with their parents right there. But then Sam whispers in his ear and Dean immediately understands – and appreciates – why he hung back;
of those chances. Dean doesn’t even have a security camera up to catch the face or vehicle of someone who would steal from him. Shit. Is that bad? He should probably get a system installed. Charlie’s a techno-geek. She probably knows a thing or two about security systems and could hook them up with one.
The pair are already seated at the dining table in the midst of a card game. Charlie flashes him a bright smile. “Hiya, Cas.” Her smile turns devious when she looks back to Jo. “Go Fish, bitch.”
“It’s acceptable, but we have shift for you to wear with the café name on it.” Castiel gets it from the employee hutch, where it’s all nicely folded and packaged. “You can change in the bathroom and then Gabriel will take you through the rest of your day.”
Anna, ever helpful as she is, pops the drawer on the register to start counting the money herself. “Oh, really? So you’re
Last Christmas Dean had gone away for a week with the rest of the Winchester clan for some vacation time. When he got back he almost broke down and cried at the disaster zone he returned to – and it wasn’t even contained to the bathroom. The whole house was just one huge
Dean steps back with a grin. “Good thinking.” He sits down on the edge of the bed but hesitates before picking up the blanket from where it fell on the floor. “You sure you’re okay staying here for a while? I’ve got another few hours on the nap clock.”
A tap on the shoulder lets him know that he can turn around now. Cas is wearing what essentially looks like a sheet wrapped and pinned around his waist and thrown over his shoulder. It’s a makeshift toga just like what he was wearing the first time Dean saw him as the statue on the roof. Part of him wants to laugh at least a little bit because it’s a
“Damn right you are!” He laughs and pulls Cas’s arms free. “Now dance with me.” Dean takes him by the wrists and starts moving Cas’s arms back and forth until he’s got his shoulders moving. “Good, good. Now get your hips in here too.”
Oh God, but there Cas goes, pushing his glasses up his nose. Fuck. Dean swallows his pride and tries really hard to get his blush under control. He pulls one of his headphones out and gives a small wave. “Uh –” Not the time to be tongue tied, Winchester! “Hello again.”
When Cas comes back, he takes one look at Dean and pulls the stool out from the wall. He puts it next to the door to the kitchen and gestures at it. “Sit here.”
. The Walmart is in Berlin and your detection spells don’t go that far. Either we’re going together or
exactly. Dean knows for a fact that Cas wouldn’t be opposed to having a handful of catnip fish given to Nike. It’s the mug sitting in the back of his closet that’s giving him heart palpitations.
He shrugs again and glances up, then viciously wishes he hadn’t. Cas has a teasing smile pulling up the corners of his mouth and it makes Dean go weak in the knees. Yup, it’s time to get the hell out of dodge before he says or does something stupid. This is so not the time or the place for him to be right now. Dean needs to be home and in bed and
“Such a pity.” Castiel drowns out the extra loud pounding of his heart with sarcasm. “I was all prepared to lecture you about the food pyramid and the benefits of a well-balanced meal.”
?” It doesn’t sound like a good thing. Obviously it’s related to magic, but he needs to know how it’s affecting Cas and how they can get him better again.
on Dean for a lot longer than it took them to carry out any in-town investigation. He didn’t have the heart to be annoyed by having a tail for a little while. The FBI were just keeping watch in case the Witches came back to wrap up any loose ends. That said, Dean’s pretty sure all the agents have cleared out by now.
Dean waves his hand in front of Chuck’s face to get his attention. He brings his fingers and thumb together to symbolize a closed mouth. Repeating the motion every time Chuck opens his mouth until he stops completely, jaw closing with a snap.
After four games and two wins each, they agree to a draw. And again, Dean offers his hand to shake. He’s done it after every game and he grins like a fool each time. Castiel has no idea
He looks up from his phone again. “Oh. Did I forget to tell you that I’m going out tonight?” After a moment, he shrugs. “Sorry, kiddo Must’ve slipped my mind. B and me are heading out to Burlington to cut some rugs and get our booze on. Y’know, have some
The thing about clubs is that they’re always so out of sync with the rest of the world in a mental kind of sense. Dean always feels like he’s left the real world behind with the dim light and a steady beat makes the air vibrate around him. All his problems always feel so far away when he’s rocking in a sea of moving bodies. Drinking definitely doesn’t help that feeling at all. A club is an
He seems to be having problems finding his courage and Castiel decides to give him a bit of a boost. It comes in the form of placing his hand over Dean’s on his leg, lacing their fingers together, and squeezing. Castiel isn’t going to push for him to tell his parents if he’s not ready to, but he does want Dean to know that he’s here for him.
This is killing him. Cas is too stupidly hot for his own good. And he’s probably doing it all without trying. God, Dean hopes this is just rose coloured glasses syndrome or something. Otherwise he’s fucking doomed. Just straight up
To a normal Human’s eyes, the rooftop might be too dark to read on, and they would be right. In fact, without some light source it’s even too dark for Castiel’s excellent night vision. Luckily, he does have lights up here. When he was designing his garden, he bought a truly ridiculous amount of Christmas string lights on sale. He weaved them through every lattice and along the inside edge of the roof. Some twinkle and some are steady, but they make for a multi-coloured ambiance that he just loves. It’s still not quite enough light for a Human to read in, but it’s just enough for him.
Why? What happened that was scary enough for all three of them to be here? What happened to make his mom
Before he’s gone too far up the stairs, Dean turns around so he can stick his tongue out at her. “Oh ha
“Yup!” Dean rocks back on his heels and shoves his hands in his pockets, because that’s the best he can do with them. “I spent today getting everything ready before all the Christmas stuff really hits. Better to be prepared than not, y’know?”
. Impressive! So that makes two archangels in the family then. Castiel is also apparently the angel of Thursday, if the internet is to believed. Well, isn’t that a funny coinkydink? The first time he met Cas was on a Thursday.
, especially given that he still feels so tired even after taking his stone sleep. Castiel hasn’t relaxed in so long. When was the last time he wasn’t constantly on edge?
“Nothing, just wondering.” There’s an audible shrug in his voice, but one glance tells it all. Sam’s
One of those marvelous wings folds around his shoulders as he steps up next to Cas. They seek out each other’s hands again and lean together while they watch the horizon. It’s just the thing they do now whenever they wait for the sunrise. Dean hopes no one ever sees them do it. Firstly because it’s their private time together and he wants to hoard it all for himself, and secondly because it’s sappy as hell and he doesn’t want to get teased for it.
With a hand on his shoulder, he guides Castiel to turn around and face the fan again. Crowley gives him a little shove and he stumbles forward, just barely managing to catch himself on one knee on the floor of the van. The step into it digs into the front of the calf of his other leg and he hisses. It might be the least of his worries right now, but that’s going to leave a bruise.
“It’s not looking good.” Keith puts the cigarette between his lips and speaks around it. “From the reports I’m getting, the tattoo is really badly bruised, possibly even infected?”
If you like what you've seen and like what you've read, please consider giving us both a follow over on our tumblrs. :) And make sure to give Purgatory-Jar all the love for the wonderful work she's doing with the art and the story! We're mad, unstoppable geniuses ♥
, Castiel might very well go out for a walk tonight – which is part of the reason why he had Gabriel put his wings away after he woke up.
Once he’s got his list, Dean shuts down the computer again. Before he goes to join Benny and Nick at their card game, he stops to stare at the sticky note Cas gave him. He’s hidden that from Nick so far and he plans to keep hide it forever, just like he’s going to keep hiding his disappointment that it’s a business email address and not a personal phone number. Honestly, what could he expect? This was only time number three that he’s met Cas – and as his
Either some FBI agents are using the medical response van to get freaky, or they’re really just prepared for
Charlie rolls her eyes and seems completely unaffected by that. She picks up the tray of coffee that Tessa passes over. “Alright, boys. I’ve got the coffee and we’re ready to party. Let’s go!” With a triumphant gesture of one hand, she starts towards the door.
does it feel good to have them out. He takes a deep breath and gets to his feet, wings folded against his back. “Thank you.”
. He’s not in the mood for this bullshit and there’s a party to set up for, some cleaning to do, and a panic attack to manage about his crush coming over to his house for the first time. Things have to go
“Ah, yeah, I guess that’s true.” The blush increases and Dean ducks his head to scratch nervously at the back of it. “Sorry. I guess your brother is out of the question too, huh?”
“For what?” Gabriel comes around to the side of the bed and he hesitates only slightly before patting Dean on the shoulder. “It’s not your fault.”
adorable. Either way, it’s extra hilarious because of how fucked up his hair is. His own hair probably isn’t much better, but it’s not nearly as long as Gabriel’s and that makes all the difference.
come back.” Dean reaches out to put his hand over Cas’s on top of his sweater. They’ve gone long enough without touching and it’s about time they start holding hands again.
a repeat of that happening – and especially in front of those that Dean is still hiding his bisexuality from. But he’s adamant and Castiel can only hold out for so long. He eventually has to give in and Dean drags him back to the dance floor. A line dance is well under way, and he realizes quite suddenly that there is a problem with this plan.
It’s a compliment that Castiel can’t recall ever receiving. He can feel another blush incoming and his feathers rustle in delight. His reaction only makes Dean smile all the more. There’s a blush staining his cheeks too as he holds his hand out for Castiel to take. He pulls him down to sit next to him and align their palms properly so they can link their fingers.
Now it’s Cas’s turn to look away and shrug, going back to preparing Dean’s order. “You’ll have to wait until Saturday and see. I just ordered our costumes the other day with Gabriel’s Amazon Prime account and I should be getting it hopefully tomorrow or Thursday.”
Confusion beats back the haze of the spell, making it easier for Castiel to focus. He concentrates on the hush of their voices, but still only manages to catch snippets of it. They mention the spell, obviously, but it’s a soft mention of
sound upset about having to say that. “I’m sorry, sweetie. It’s just for right now. You know I would
“All you’ve taught me about them is that you have no logical reason to hate an entire race!” He snaps; already done with this. Dean was
Dean eats a bite to prove that yes, yes he most definitely is. “It keeps my hands clean for playing.”
Castiel’s wings fluff at the compliment, entirely involuntarily. He works at mentally smoothing them out while he takes a picture of Nike hiding in the box.
“I plan to.” Gabriel is watching Dean watching Cas and he knows it, but he tries his best not to acknowledge it. “Oh, I put what you asked for in your bedroom, by the way.”
His distractions start with the dog. Dean uses his saved links to find the site where he can order Bones a bone shaped box chock full of the best dog toys around and a fair amount of treats. There’s only one pet in his life and Dean spoils him just as much as he spoils the rest of his family. So when he moves on to them, he starts with his favourite; his mom. Since at least half of Dean’s nerdiness is inherited from her, he goes with a nerdy theme this year. And for that, he hits
“But I thought they caught everyone?” Sam, bless his heart, honestly sounds confused. “It was on the news, you know. They showed clips from body-cameras and talked about the FBI taking down this Coven they’ve been after for
Having Cas show off his strength like it’s no big deal is doing all sorts of crazy things to Dean’s insides. His heart has suddenly decided to give its best impression of a hummingbird, and it’s doing it right in the center of his throat. He can feel himself going cherry red in the cheeks and the back of his neck is absolutely
is his first gift from a friend and there is a certain amount of significance to it. So much so that while Dean might never know about it, Castiel has most definitely already filed the mug away into his mental list of items that he’ll grab if he and Gabriel ever need to run.
Tessa sighs and puts her hands on her hips. “You’re spoiling it, Cas. Just take the stupid crane or throw it in the trash, okay?”
, Dean simply raises his hand again; this time with his fingers curled into a fist. “Why don’t we do
“I didn’t drive.” He looks up the street and wonders if maybe he should go wait at the corner and call for Gabriel to come and get him instead. “I walked here.”
Witch, no matter their magical background. It’s unlikely that any Witch, good or bad, doesn’t at least know
Dean smells? It’s making his mouth water and he can’t stop tasting him. His teeth ache with the desire to sink into his skin and mark him as his own – his
, his mind is much clearer than it was last night. From the moment he woke up to the moment he finished his shower, all he’s been able to think about is who might have left the crane for him. The number of people that come to mind is a
That seems to get Dean’s attention. He rests his hands on the counter and leans forward, interest bright in his eyes. “Really? That’s super neat.” And then realization hits him and confusion draws his eyebrows together. “Wait a second. I’m pretty sure that you said your brother’s name was
good, so there’s a high chance that he’ll like it too. Sure enough, Dean’s whole body trembles slightly and he bites back a whine above him. His legs are probably going to give out on him at any moment and now would be a good time to change their positions.
With a snort, Balthazar shakes his head. “No, Witches need to perform extravagant rituals to get those kinds of
Once the kitchen is cleaned, Sam and Dad join them in the living room. It takes them a little while and by then, Dean and Mom are really into a movie they stumbled upon. Dean doesn’t even bother with the name of it. Mom seems to like it and it’s actually kinda interesting, so he’s happy with it. Dad and Sam know better than to object too, even if it
Within moments, Cas is sagging into him and panting hard against his shoulder. Dean grins against the side of his neck and loops his arms around his waist. Slowly, and
Understanding fills Cas’s face and his smile is right back in place. “Ah, yes.” He nods and turns back to the coffee. “I’m sure your brother is fine at his new job.”
Dean snorts and shakes his head, but he does start heading back to his own abandoned shovel. “Yeah, says the guy who threw the first snowball.”
After a while, Castiel grows tired of the quiet that’s fallen between them again. The next conversation they strike up between them, the one that carries them the rest of the way to the café, is about how Dean and Charlie got into Moondoor in the first place. It’s not a long story, but it’s fun to listen to Dean rant about how Charlie drags him into almost everything that she does. He calls it the curse of being childhood best friends.
introduce yourself.” Castiel shrugs and moves his laptop to put it out of sight. “None of my other customers have done that yet, and that includes the other firefighters.”
While Gabriel is downstairs, Castiel takes the time alone to take pictures of the tree and send them to Dean. If he did that any sooner or any later, he can’t even imagine the amount of teasing he would get. It was bad enough the other day when Dean was texting him everything from his own decorating party. While Castiel certainly appreciated the updates and enjoyed them immensely, Gabriel wouldn’t leave him alone about them.
he’s got a full day’s worth of stubble growth going. Dean’s fingers twitch so hard with the urge to run his fingers over Cas’s jaw and up into his hair. Surprise hits Cas hard and he scrambles to wrap the sheet around himself better than before, clutching it tightly against his chest.
. Dean brings a hand to his face and Castiel leans into the touch; the first that he hasn’t flinched from in forever. He missed it
area collapse to the ground with dramatic death cries before someone drags them out of the way. It carries on for several minutes before the group to Castiel’s right retreats behind their boundaries to start launching snowballs at the other side. Their opponents scatter back to their side where they appear to regroup with their own snowballs.
“Surprisingly, I actually like that dork for you.” Gabriel shrugs as he pulls a package of spaghetti off the shelf. “I’d be more likely to start with your snoring.”
“I might not have magic like your brother, but I’ll do what I can to help keep you safe.” Dean hums softly and rubs his thumb along the edge of Cas’s jaw because he can’t stop being amazed by the fact that he’s allowed to do that now. “Even if all I can do is keep your secret, I’ll do my best, okay?”
“It doesn’t get any easier.” Sam’s smile eyes are sympathetic, but his smile is full of pity. “On the bright side, it’s starting to look like they have the first house under control.” He points to where flames can now only be seen through one window of the house. “And they have a truck in the back keeping the fire from spreading to the tree.” His smile turns a little hopeful. “I’m no expert, but I bet that they’ll have everything out by sun up.”
Since the building is tall, there are actually no floors above the dance area. It’s a big open area full of twinkling magic lights that really give the whole place a nice feel to it. The upper floors ring the area, and that’s where people can find places to sit and actually have a conversation. Dean really likes how the music can still be heard, but it’s not deafening up there. Plus, each floor has its own bar. They’re not as well stocked or as big as the one on the main floor, but they get the job done. It makes more room for the tables that are towards the inner edge of the floors and couches against all the outer walls.
“Naming her would officially make her a part of the family.” Cas shakes his head, but he won’t look Dean in the eye. “Until I know for sure that no one is going to claim her, I refuse to give her a name.”
feeling, but Dean always gets butterflies in his stomach when it happens. Sadly, they’ve long learned that Cas doesn’t get anything out of this when the shoe is on the other foot.
The conversation about University and future plans carries them all the way back to Casa de Winchester. They’ve barely pulled into the driveway before Mom comes out the front door in her slippers and house coat, her night gown swirling around her ankles.
to have it timed to the second or he’ll end up burning it, or under cooking it, and that’s not acceptable. The pie needs to be
With only slight hesitation, Castiel reaches over and gently touches the hand that Dean has flopped over the edge of the bed. They were just starting to hold hands when he had to leave, and he’s missed that. He slips his fingers between Dean’s again, pressing their palms together and squeezing his hands softly. Castiel hopes beyond hope that things between them haven’t changed any. And, if he’s lucky, things between them will take a giant leap forward once the truth is known between them.
His wild days were relatively short lived. Dean did it a few times a month for the course of a summer. He was heading into his senior year in high school and it just seemed like that was the cool thing to do. It was fun right up until his dad caught him sneaking back in one night. He put the fear of God into Dean that night and he
they should have taken the time to make sure that Dean was outfitted with as many protections as he was. They filled his pockets with spell bags, but that was the extent that they went to. Whereas Castiel has actually
.” Cassie shakes his head and points a finger upward. “My brother, Gabriel, is sleeping in our apartment. He runs the café during the day while I sleep.”
When Dean notices that Castiel is looking at him, he breaks into a bright smile. “Hey, Cas! Are you actually open right now?”
He bounces to his feet and does a quick pat down to make sure he has everything – phone and wallet? Check. Dean already has his bunker pants on, and his boots, and that should about do it. Bobby never requires him to leave wearing anything else, no matter what Nick says. When the weather gets too cold for him to muscle through it, Dean will probably start wearing his jacket every night. For now, it’s fine. He usually waits for it to drop a lot lower before It becomes intolerable.
“Speak for yourself.” He huffs and looks away. His coffee is perfection and her nosiness isn’t going to dull it in the slightest. “You didn’t
for not going to a party he’s not comfortable attending? It’s not like Gabriel could ever understand what Castiel is going through.
Dad opens his mouth to say something, but Dean can already tell that it’s not going to be any good. He has zero patience to listen to anyone shit all over Creatures or, God forbid, Cas. “Unless you have something nice to say about Cas or Creatures, then I don’t want to hear it.
“Awesome!” He shares an excited smile with Sam. “Does that mean that everything is going to go back to how it was?”
“Sam Winchester?” This is very confusing and not at all what Dean expected to walk in on today. Should he be calling the cops on a stalker or something?
When he takes the first bite, he can’t help groaning quietly. The pie ups his opinion of this place right back up to heaven. It’s
Wait. Should he say something? A part of him feels like he should apologize, but he’s really not sure if that would be appropriate. Should he ask Sam if he’s alright? Or perhaps he should put an arm around his shoulder? Or maybe he should –
that Cas’s back is turned when she does that. The last thing Dean wants is to have to explain why she looks so pleased to see him. He could probably pass it off as seeing her whenever he picks Sam up from his shift on Saturdays, but would that give him away as the origami guy? As far as Cas should know right now, Dean rarely comes in any earlier than his usual late night coffee runs.
at all tonight. I have a limit of two drinks and two drinks only.” As if that settles the discussion, he closes the drink menu and holds it out to Jo. “Do you have any recommendations for someone who doesn’t like the taste of alcohol?”
“Damn.” Tessa fakes being disappointed. “Here I was, hoping for a free drink. Oh well!” She steps over to the register and start punching in his order. “How are you going to pay today?”
The trailer is one of those little things that you can drive, only this particular one is designed specifically for nocturnal Creatures that need to keep separate from sunlight. There’s a wall with a door that separates the rest of the RV from the cab of the trailer. They take a few steps down into the cab and there’s actually a little storage space above it where they can put bags, coolers, and whatever other knick-knacks they’re bringing with them.
“Handy, aren’t they?” Crowley gives the chain connecting the cuffs a little tug and it’s enough to almost throw him off balance again. “They’re infused with a rather powerful weakening charm. One that you can only get from
When Cas finishes his drink, Dean hands off the last of his water. He puts an arm around his shoulders and gives them a squeeze of encouragement because keeping hydrated is very important. With his arm around Cas’s shoulders, Dean starts them back downstairs because he definitely wants to keep dancing and he might as well get to it while Cas still has the courage to do it.
With a groan, Dean reaches out for his phone again. He takes a few seconds to check his alarm and feel vaguely victorious for checking. There really only was
Dean’s first message ends with a very excited looking smiley face. His second message is far more troublesome.
The more Dean scrolls through the article, the more certain he is that he just stumbled across what Cas is. There are a few differences in the
Castiel leans forward, mouth open behind the folds of his scarf, as the two groups crash into each other and start smacking one another with their fake weapons. Those who get hit in what would be considered a
After a few moments of silence, Dean shakes his head sharply. He breaks out into a smile so bright that it makes Castiel’s heart ache. “No, no, no. I would be
– aside from the whole statue and Gargoyle thing. But that’s a secret and Dean is going to take it to his grave. He won’t tell his best friend for life, Charlie, and he won’t even tell his little brother – which is definitely saying something because he’s basically told Sam everything since forever. Some of it takes longer, but eventually everything gets told.
“I’m a very serious person, Dean.” He looks up, a half smile tilting his lips. “Please tell me what your preference of pie is.”
here and if they have some kind of stalker writing stories with everyone’s names in it, than that’s fucked up. Even more so because Dean
Since they more or less made up in early January, Cas has been over to his place when he has a Saturday or Sunday off to watch a few movies and snack on some pizza. From what he can tell, they’re definitely more comfortable with each other now than they were after that colossal fuck up of a New Year’s party. Things have been going so well between them now that Dean has somehow got it in his head that it’s time for the big guns, so to speak.
Cas here. He does, but it sounds kinda clingy and Dean doesn’t want to look like that. They’re working at being
catch them in the act. Though he does find it a little odd when Dean sits next to him and wipes him down. He’s long since gone soft, but that doesn’t deter Dean in the slightest when it comes to handling him to clean him up nicely. When he’s done, he pats Castiel on the thigh and stands up. He drops his boxers again and uses the cloth to wipe himself down again.
If anything happens to him – Oh God. Bile burns at the back of his throat and the world swims briefly in his vision. The least he could have done was say
“Then go start the coffee brewing downstairs. This will be done in a minute and I’ll be leaving shortly after.” To prove his point, Castiel removes his apron and hangs it on the hook on the side of the fridge. He gives Gabriel a pointed look until he sighs and gets up to shuffle out of the kitchen.
“Hey, sunshine.” Dean steps out of the kiss to give Castiel space to take off his coat and shoes. “How’s it going today, hm?”
upset. Granted, she’s apparently had a hell of a time on her own and Dean does feel a little bad about getting her to leave before she’s really ready. If she
why not.” Without looking, Castiel can tell that Gabriel has a pout going. He ignores it in favour of pretending like he’s still reading the book.
Okay, there. He texted Cas today and now he won’t feel so bad for not having said anything to him in the last twenty-four hours. This whole addiction to talking with Cas could get to be a big problem, and that’s why he has measures in place to keep him from doing it too often. If he comes off as too strong, Cas might withdraw back into being even
Usually his first step is to check what they have left over from the day. By the time Anna’s shift is done at eleven o’clock, and before she hands the reigns over to Castiel, she normally has the loaves of bread transferred over onto the discounted shelf. If they weren’t sold during the day when they’re nice and fresh, they spend the night and the next day on there.
is that supposed to mean?” The words are out of his mouth before he realizes what he’s doing. “I thought you were okay with all of this!”
“I’ll let you know. Now shoo and get the cat out of here.” He huffs and gives Castiel a shove towards the door. “Go on and put her to bed. I’ll watch the front for you.”
sturdy. On the bright side, it’s keeping him busy; although it does nothing to stop him from glancing at the clock every so often to check for Dean. He grows more and more nervous as the minute hand ticks past two o’clock, then two-thirty, then three o’clock.
It was only a matter of time before someone was going to come after him. Of all the choices, Sam is probably the last person Dean wanted to see. He hasn’t tried to hide anything from him because Sam is probably the most understanding family member he’s got, but he also hasn’t exactly said anything about how he’s also attracted to men yet either. This isn’t exactly something he wants to explain right now. Sam can just hold all his questions for the next five hundred years. Maybe then Dean will be ready to talk about what happened tonight.
“Probably because I’m not.” Dean shrugs and takes a deep breath, fighting against the urge to grin like an idiot. “Is he awake? I just wanna drop something off with him.”
Cas rolls his eyes and his frown turns unimpressed. “Don’t you lie to me, Dean Winchester. I know for a
had to have misheard that one. Dean resists the urge to pull the anime cliché of pretending to clean out his ear, but he does lean forward. “I’m sorry; but
Dean swallows around the lump rising in his throat and nods. “Definitely didn’t.” He nods again and does his best to keep his breathing steady. Otherwise he’s going to start hyperventilating and that’s not going to be good for anyone. “I-if anything, it – um – my feelings situation has actually got-gotten
of his wits about him for as long as he did. All he knows now is that if he looks out the window, he sees nothing but a large field and forest all around it.
Castiel wakes with a start as the edge of his bed starts to bounce violently. Claws rake through the blanket against his side as Nike flees from whatever fresh hell is besetting him now, meowing unhappily the whole way. With a groan, he opens his eyes to fix the bleary shape of his older brother with a withering glare. It’s likely not nearly as powerful as it could be, given how un-awake he is right now. Gabriel goes unbothered by the glare and continues to bounce the end of Castiel’s bed with both hands.
The way Cas stares at him afterward makes Dean want to drop everything and throw himself in traffic. It’s blank and empty and utterly terrifying because what if Cas is about to come out and tell him to delete his phone number because he just realized that a friendship with him is so not worth it? And then Cas laughs. Right there in the middle of Dean’s mental breakdown of a crisis, Cas fucking
Dean feels a flush burn in his cheeks and he looks away. He really hadn’t considered that. His first and only thought was about how he could help Cas. It had absolutely nothing to do with his dick and seemed like a good idea if it could keep Cas from suffering by himself all the way to sunrise. He really just can’t stand the thought of Cas being in pain and dealing with this thrall bullshit all on his own.
arousing.” He tightens his grip around Castiel’s waist and rolls his hips against him, making his erection all the more obvious. “What say you to getting off once before I go to sleep, huh? It’s not like I have work in the morning or anything, so I could stand to stay up a little longer.”
Castiel doesn’t bother with math as he selects the bags of chocolates. After adding at least three of each to the cart, Gabriel intervenes. “Are you sure you’re going to have enough?”
The one Cas gave him last time is sitting at home in Dean’s bedroom. It’s got a special little spot on the shelf over his desk. He even cleared out the space next to it because he fully planned on getting more dragons and displaying them with it. Does that make him creepy for wanting to hoard the dragons that Cas gives him? How far away from being a stalker does that make him? It feels weird, but it also totally feels right. Because why
He’s never been this delirious about something so simple and pure as holding hands, but just remembering back to last night is making Dean feel light head. In fact, he’s starting to get so worked up he might actually throw up. Woo - okay, then. Time to take a breather. He knocks the lid of the toilet seat down and drops onto that, though it doesn’t stop his knee from starting to bounce or his hands from tapping out a complicated rhythm on his thighs.
Before he can call her by her new name again, there’s a knock at the door. It puts Castiel’s heart in his throat and he almost drops his book in surprise. He takes a deep breath and forces himself to try and act like he didn’t just pick a name for the cat that he’s not supposed to be keeping. “Y-yes? Come in.”
“I’m fine, thank you.” He takes his plate to the dining table and turns a chair around so he can sit with the back of it against his chest. It’s easier on his wings that way. “I am wondering, however, if you have any updates on the investigation back home?”
He props his chin on his hands, eyes drooping closed. “I would like that.” Dean’s fingers are gentle and sure with fixing his wing, almost like a massage as they dig into his feathers. He sighs again. “And I want to take a
After a few minutes of opening and closing his mouth without an actual response, Castiel takes pity on him. “It’s alright, Dean. I don’t drink blood.”
day of the week that you actually picked. You didn’t even want any other day! I bet it’s because you set the customer up for it, didn’t you? Where’d you meet them to start your dastardly plans, Cassie?
Technically, he could have taken the easy way out and just considered those part of it all. But the flowers are separate. Those are a
“It’s a joke, Cas.” With a laugh, Dean unwraps the granola bar and holds it out again. “Just eat this so your stomach stops sounding like an angry bear. I’ll see if I can find you something to drink too.”
“That’s good enough for me.” He laughs and taps the box for Battleships. “Let’s go with this one first.”
by a gorgeous set of baby blues. He didn’t get a good look at them when he was at the back of the café, but now that Flourless-Guy is standing at the counter just a few feet away, Dean can feel his mouth go dry.
Is that how it’s going to be? Fine, then two can play at that game. Castiel grabs the blanket draped over the back of the couch and he flips it forward so it falls over Dean’s head to obscure his view of the TV. Since he’s currently showing off, this causes Pikachu to jump right off the edge of the map. Dean flails and accidentally bumps his knee on the coffee table while he struggles to get the blanket off his head. He’s not having the best of luck with Castiel more or less holding it in place with one hand while he tries to use the other to make his pink ball thing punch Pikachu off the map again.
With a sigh, Castiel runs a hand through his hair. He wrinkles his nose at the feel of it. Despite having spent every night sitting in a shower and every day in the stone sleep, he hasn’t actually washed himself in weeks. It’s a little surprising that he doesn’t stink.
Dean can’t hold back a snort of laughter. Balthazar sighs and his wings droop. “Well, you better figure out what costume you’re going to wear. Otherwise Gabriel and I will be picking it for you.”
Now that he’s off his feet, Dean feels that it’s safe to check his phone. He’s not expecting anything, but he’s still a techno-baby and no matter how hard he tries not to, he’s just a little addicted to technology. To his surprise, and his delight, there’s a message from Cas. It’s not really
Okay, that’s being way too generous with his estimations. If anything, it’s more like ten pounds. Dean knows for a fact that Cas has muscles. He’s not a stick child in any sense of the word. The difference between them is that Dean is tall, but solid from all the muscle training he does throughout the week at the station. In comparison, Cas is lithe. Muscled, but more slim than Dean. It was made
Even though it’s not necessary, Castiel and Gabriel have files of their own there too. They even have time cards, though they both often forget to do it. Since they don’t really get paid yet, they don’t much bother with it – which is why Castiel keeps forgetting his name tag. With Anna standing there watching him, he makes sure to punch his card and put his name tag on. He also opens the cabinet door of the hutch to access the safe there and deposit the bag of money.
Dean leans his head back against the door and rubs Cas’s back with his free hand. He holds the other out and away from the both of them. If he’s lucky, he might be able to make it through this hug without spilling it. This is the only thing that’s going to keep him awake for the next hour, so he’d better keep it safe while he can.
Unhealthy pining and hope and lust aside, Dean has spent seven months building a great friendship and he’s not giving it up for anything. Even if it would be really nice if something happened one day while they’re watching a movie. Something like Cas sliding close enough to sling an arm over his shoulders. Maybe, after a few minutes, he would lean in and kiss the side of Dean’s throat. That would be nice. Just little nibble kisses spread across his skin until Cas works his way to his mouth. By then Dean wouldn’t be paying any attention to the movie and it would devolve into some really heavy making out.
Castiel uses his free hand to keep Dean’s erection and sac out of the way so he can see what he’s doing. The lube is warm between his fingers, so hopefully it won’t be too much of a shock for Dean. His first touch is cautious; a gentle press of the pad of his index finger to his hole. A number of things happen in that moment. Dean sucks in a sharp breath; the muscles in his legs tense; and his hole twitches. Castiel thought he would find this part weird, or maybe a little gross, considering what he knows about this part of a person’s anatomy. He’s pleased to find himself intrigued instead. He wants to see more;
Cas looks up sharply at that and leans forward; his voice a little louder than necessary given that the noise level around them isn’t all that high. “Do you want to dance?”
that we will come back the next time they have the bull and I will ride it too.” Part of him hopes that Dean had had too much to drink to remember this.
There are too many questions that need answers and he’s not going to get them from where he’s sitting. Hopefully he won’t be breaking any kind of rule by going over there, but he absolutely
Unfortunately Purgatory-Jar's art is still missing. It's our hope to come back and add them to these chapters once she finds the time to do the art. Be sure to keep an eye out in future chapters so you can come back and see it! You can view her other non-GYS (but still totally fucking AMAZING) art on
He sounds a little bit hopeful and Castiel can’t tell if it’s genuine or not. Regardless, Castiel shakes his head with a smile. “Absolutely not.”
Ah, yes. The gift from mom. He picks it up as he sits back down. It’s a flat box and it feels pretty light, so that means it can only be one thing;
“Don’t do this because of me.” Dean squeezes his shoulder slightly and his smile is both hopeful and gentle. “Just because I asked doesn’t mean I’m going to be hurt or something if you really don’t want to come. I don’t want to force you into anything.”
“On my walk.” Castiel shrugs again and heads behind the counter. There are three pumpkins spaced out along the length of it. The other two are up on top of the bookcases, in place of a few of his plants. It’s smart placing, actually. Now they’re out of the way where they can’t be kicked or knocked over.
. That said, he should probably stop ogling Cas’s ass so blatantly. And yet here he is, chewing his bottom lip and giving it a
that she’s flirting with him. Even though he knows that Cas is one hundred percent devoted to him, he still doesn’t like knowing that other people flirt with him.
. In fact, Cas doesn’t even seem to notice as he glances around the van with a sleepy kind of look. He’s looking for something and Dean doesn’t know what until Cas rocks to the side and leans down to get something from the floor.
“You’re just going to sit there while I’m showering?” Dean raises an eyebrow and glances between him and the shower. “That’s a little creepy, Cas.”
Why did he do that? Why did he buy a thing for Cas not even a whole ten minutes after deciding that it would be pushing their friendship too far too fast? He doesn’t even know if Cas will still want to be friends with him in a month. This is the stupidest thing ever and Dean absolutely needs to lift his head to do the right thing and
Between the two of them, it seems that Castiel is the only one who feels like his world was turned upside down. He was able to put on a good show earlier when they were playing video games, acting like nothing was bothering him, but he’s still very much struggling with coming to terms that Dean might know what he is now. Everything feels
“Essentially, you just have to thank her for her services. Tell her you’ll keep her in mind if you need help again in the future, and then she’ll be on her way. Capiche?”
in a good mood, and Dean doesn’t want to know whether it’s because of him and his costume or not. Yeah, that’s not something he’s itchy to find out. He’s pretty good with just standing here and making small talk with his friends.
Cas nods slowly and glances toward the front porch where a few of the smokers start laughing really loudly. “I – I would like that.”
His cheeks are pink from the cold and he looks downright adorable in his matching toque and mitts. “Hello, I’m looking for Dean Winchester. Is this the right house? I’m told it would be the awesome one.”
worried. Castiel takes a deep breath and closes his eyes. There’s really nothing else he can think about that would take his mind off the date, so he might as well focus on other aspects of it. His worries fall on the wayside as he starts to mentally plot the route that he wants to take Dean on tonight. Because it’s a work night for him, he doesn’t want to do anything too fancy that might take too much time.
to be elaborate considering it was just for the three of them. Well, them and Sam. He somehow managed to weasel his way into the dinner as an excuse for more food since he’s a goddamn bottomless pit. If Sam wasn’t his little brother, he would have refused. But Dean loves him and couldn’t exactly say no. Well, kinda. He
“Gotta talk with Charlie.” Dean waves her off and keeps going. If he doesn’t wake her up to tell her about this, she’ll kill him when she
a door at the back of the café just before a hallway off to the right behind the stairs. The door is partially open and Dean can hear voices in the back. It must be the kitchen and maybe they just didn’t hear the bell over the door? Time to make his presence known. Dean only gets ten minutes of grace period to leave the fire hall for a coffee run during a night shift.
The customer stands in the doorway for a moment, looking the café over. Eventually, he nods his satisfaction and makes his way over to the corner by the bookcase next to the stairs. He dumps his binders on top of that table and sets to dragging a second table over as well. Castiel stands at the cash register and watches as the customer proceeds to rest his backpack on one chair and hang his coat over another. He proceeds to unpack his laptop and set it up in the middle of the table. There’s even a mouse to go with it. Clearly he’s settling down to spend a decent amount of time here.
a frail little wisp.” He huffs and, to prove his point, proceeds to sweep Dean off his feet like he’s a fucking princess. Cas does it without batting an eyelash and he stands there with Dean in his arms as if he were a groom about to carry his bride across the threshold of their new home.
know about their relationship work at the café and none of them speak to his parents. Charlie and Jo know, but he trusts them both to keep their mouths shut about this.
Castiel nods, swallows against the rising tide of nerves, and lifts the blankets on his side. They both slide under the covers together and get themselves comfortable. After a moment, Castiel reaches over to turn off the light. His night vision is excellent and the minimal light coming through the door is more than enough for him to see by. It’s doing an excellent job of letting him see the
He needs the reassurance that they’ll see them again. Unfortunately, Richard doesn’t give it. In fact, he doesn’t say another word for several minutes. James sniffles to himself in silence for the rest of the drive into town. He pushes his palms into his eyes and tries to steady his breathing, but it’s almost impossible. How is he supposed to steady himself when he’s currently experiencing his worst nightmare? Worse yet, why hasn’t he heard sirens yet? Why aren’t the police on their way to save his parents?
