the angel is. Always composed, never out of breath, never distracted by his own body, because he’s an angel and Sam is the human whose body is fun to play with. Sam has enough of that.
He’s never been held this tight. The closeness is amazing, Dean’s strong embrace makes his head spin. He’s melting against him, wrapping himself around him. Dean is nuzzling his hair, his hands drawing small circles on his back. It’s so good he almost wants to cry.
I'm thinking of Bad Dragon also, but I mostly thought of this fic because of a french brand I found, which does beautiful sex toys with those themes. You have unicorn corns, tentacles and huh a sort of plant-like one. The designs are beautiful, with different firmness, size and pretty packaging.
He wants to say he certainly doesn’t need that. But his body disagrees, greedily spreading her walls and balls tightening in anticipation of an orgasm. He’s sweating, his heart beating fast – such new and scary sensations – but he can’t move away nor he can take more.
Underneath is a transparent bralet, with a lacing in the middle. His nipples are hard, poking under the fabric, along with his piercing on the right one. He grabs Lucifer’s ass under his skirt and mouths at his nipples. The blond tangles his hands in his hair, pressing his hips against him.
He never had a double blowjob before.  It’s overwhelming, two mouths worrying his swollen flesh. One tongue on his balls, the other on his glans. Two mouths on his length.
He doesn’t try to close his legs anymore. Every time he did, he got a brutal pussy spanking, which gave him a taste for pain and persuaded him to keep his legs open.
Meeting Sam was a breakthrough in his life. They had clashed at first, Lucifer usually lashing out at everyone, especially alphas. But Sam had managed to get past his defense and had allowed him to show his real needs. With him, he can act soft, delicate and even submissive. The memory of being mocked for being un-alpha-like is still burning hot, but Sam makes it better.
Mindbreak, alpha Dean, omega Castiel, omega sexism, verbal humiliation, pussy spanking, clit clamp, pain kink
There are hundreds of them. All ready to service him, begging to get their hands on him. If wanting that makes him a monster, then so be it. He will never regret Heaven’s coldness.
Meg takes the command of the egg vibrator she put in her girlfriend. She hums as she ponders whether to change the setting or not, making a show of it. It’s been exactly 25 minutes since she put it in place, at the lowest vibration setting. Enough to tease, too little to relieve. And she has spent a lot of time eating her out, stopping whenever Kelly got close.
“I am. I don’t want to ever hear about a Milton again. What the fuck ? I thought the guy was gonna throttle his sister. ” His clients just left and he’s tired of hearing them argue.
She takes her time to tease her, kissing her chastely on the lips, avoiding her slit. Then she slowly licks across her clit, making Kelly gasp and bury a hand in her hair. She kisses it and wets it before sucking lightly. Kelly moans, putting her free hand in her own mouth.
So no one can blame him if he concocted a plan. Rowena sure didn’t mind, throwing him a knowing look and doing her best to put innuendos in all her sentences. She could have cooked an egg on his cheeks.
He comes inside her with a little cry and she hugs him tight before he pulls out and brings his hand to her clit.
Castiel kneads his cheeks, exposing his hole. He knows it’s open, wet with cum and clenching on nothing, begging to be filled.
The only things is he can’t bring himself to buy proper sex toys. He could -maybe he should – but there’s something about taking a random object and stick it inside him.
It’s not an idle threat. He has already sent Sam home with his cock still hard and weeping, balls still full.
But there were few quiet nights, where their mind wasn’t turned to the next monster, witch, God, whatever.
John strokes his limp dick again, squeezing the soft flesh, that stays unresponsive. Then he grabs Castiel’s hips and manhandles him up and down his cock, slowly then faster.
He sucks on the head, drawing the blond’s thighs close to his ears. He hears him moan above him, and the legs squeeze him gently.
Castiel often indulges him. He places Dean’s legs around his hips and slides inside him. Two hands come to frame the angel’s face. It feels like hour before he bottoms out and presses his chest to Dean’s. The human wraps his legs around him.
He sits on the couch, sinking in the cushions. Dean takes the pan, asking how he likes his meat cooked. He can’t help but staring at his naked back. He’s not as muscled as Sam, who likes to run, lift weight and do yoga, but he’s very fit. There are more tattoos on his back and one of them plunges under his pants. Castiel wants to trace it and see where it leads him.
“It hurts.” He moans. She smiles, half-cruel, half-amused and gently strokes the inside of his knee.
He didn’t need sleep either. He pretended to go to bed, waiting for the doctor to fall asleep. He went outside then, looking at the sky. It was a sight that never failed to amaze him. The universe was very different from a human perspective. He wanted to fly but he couldn’t leave his human form until the end of his task. He gently let his wings reach around him, stretching them as far as he could with the restraints. The air was warm and he could sense the movement of the earth, the constant pulse of life within it. Then he sensed it.
“What is?” Dean asks distractedly, shooting zombies on his DS. He doesn’t go home often, but his father is not there and Castiel likes to see the house where he grew up. Currently, he’s looking under the bed, where there are certainly toys and old school things – oh wait, isn’t there also…
He can hear a buzzing sound then pleasure washes over him as she presses the vibrating wand on his dick. She avoids the head of course.
He’s so close that he can almost touch him. The room is quiet, only disrupted by the rustle of the sheets. Castiel can’t keep his eyes closed, taking in the darkness around them. He can hear his heartbeat pounding in his head. He turns on his back, his hands stroking the soft sheets. Dean doesn’t seem asleep yet, but he’s not moving. He hopes he’s not disturbing him.
“Thank you, thank you, thank you…”  The omega is sobbing, shaking his head and canting his hips to meet Dean’s hand.
It’s easy to be with her. He can relax and stop worrying about being too much or not enough. He’s not a freak anymore with her, or at least, it doesn’t sound that bad anymore.
She focuses on her clit for a while, alternating suction and licking, then she dives into the wet slit, tracing the inner lips with the tip of her to give before plunging it right into it. Her chin is getting wet and she loves it. Kelly is beginning to rub herself against her tongue. She licks deeper, two fingers coming to rub at the hard clit in circles.
They kiss and Castiel’s hands goes to the panties, grabbing Dean’s ass through them. He’s hard now, his erection too big for the small underwear. He pulls them to the side and strokes him, thumb swiping over the head until it’s wet with pre-cum.
There was also the case of Linda Tran, who had gotten pregnant but categorically refused to name the father. Her family was desperate, embarrassed at the event. They had threatened to send her away but she never budged. Her parents kept her, because they were more worried about her getting trouble than her reputation, but the three of them were aware of the side looks she got. She had stopped coming to confession, despite her mother’s request.
The room is steaming hot. Limbs everywhere, moans echoing inside the walls. He feels good. No. Not good. Amazing. Everything is bliss, sizzling pleasure and ecstasy.
She groans. Crowley ditched her and she can’t find him anywhere. Bastard. She takes another round of fried shrimps because they’re right in front of her. Not because she crossed the garden to plant herself next to them. They’re fucking delicious.
Lucifer never showed suicidal tendencies but you never know and even then, the man lives for drama and he could be doing anything. He wouldn’t actually hurt someone, would he ?
Sam cums not long after him and curls against him. He’s gonna let him have a little break. Then he’ll break out the lovely toy he bought thinking of the blond.
He milks the last of his orgasm, kissing his neck and grinding his own knot inside the other alpha. Lucifer is mewling softly under him, his hips rocking to take Sam deeper. He feels safe and satiated with Sam’s knot inside him, when the other man is murmuring sweet nothings to him.
“Bed ?” Castiel asks. He nods. The thing with Heaven, is that it is what you want it to be. You can teleport yourself to your bed if you want, but you can choose to leave your clothes on, so you can take your time to peel them off your lover.
When he’s home, he’s bit distracted. He’s focused. He presses his ear to the wall of his bedroom at night, jerking off to the sounds of Lucifer and Kelly having sex. He remembers the image that the two of them made, how he wanted to be in her place so bad…How Lucifer had caught him and teased him, doing nothing to calm his obsession.
“Dean.” Castiel calls again. He holds out his arms and take Dean’s hands in his, pulling him on his lap. “Tell me what you’re thinking.”
Castiel’s eyes are full of tenderness and encouragement, but Dean still feels like he’s gonna bolt out of here any second. They talked a lot about this and he is getting past his barriers, but standing before Castiel in nothing but a pair of pink lacy panties is hard.
It’s different, being with John. He loves Dean, really, but he’s addicted to John. The man cornered him one day when Dean and him were visiting. They had argued and Dean had went to the pub. Castiel knew it was better to leave him alone, so he had stayed. He would have never imagined that John would grope his ass, telling him that he was a pretty omega and that he would make him scream on his knot.
She opens his pants, pulling it down as much as she can, then does the same to his underwear. She takes his limp penis in her hand, petting the soft flesh.
He gets two other orgasms out of him, dry ones, that make Castiel sob from the overstimulation. Then he spills deep in him.
“Oh yes, love how you get harder and bigger when I do that. You like it, right ? Good boy, letting me choke you.” He kisses his jaw, peppering kisses on his open mouth. “I could kill you and you’d let me. Just so I can have a better orgasm.”
He pushes Sam away and hops on the table before pulling him back, tangling his fingers in his hair and kissing him again. He traps him between his legs and rips Sam’s shirt open, the buttons flying everywhere. He has always wanted to do that.
There’s an audible click as Sam opens the bottle of lube, then cold gel is pressed into him. Fingers tease his prostate and he whines, fisting the sheets.
She does the same thing again, then she licks a stripe, dragging her tongue along the swollen shaft. Then she closes her mouth on it and swirls her tongue.
Lucifer is spread across Sam’s lap. They’re both on the bed, Sam sitting against the wall, hands on Lucifer. He’s rubbing a unloaded gun on the blond’s lubed hole. Has been rubbing. For what seems. like.hours. And Lucifer can’t take it anymore.
Is it strange, a bit disturbing and hard to believe, and he’s still waiting for something to come crashing down, but there are no monsters, no enemies in Heaven. Life is good, simple. He sees his friends, Sam. And Cas.
He drops to his knees, pressing his nose in the crook of Lucifer’s thigh, kissing the hot skin. He nuzzles his thighs, his lips dragging against the smooth skin. The blond moans when he sucks a hickey there.
He’s not sure how it escalated so quickly. One minute they were at each other’s throat, like every time they talked  and the next, they were kissing.
First, there’s the tie. He slides a finger inside the knot and loosens it to take it off. The fabric slides around the angel’s neck and falls on the floor.
“The main problem is how much you worry. I try not to look at my phone, really. I know the babysitter is taking good care of Jack. But…”
Sam looks at the two of them. What.the.hell. That one is much more like the Lucifer he remembers. The swearing, the agressivity. The – yes, that – his kisses are still the same and Sam pulls him onto his lap without thinking.
Crowley is finally back and with him is – Meg feels a bit hot suddenly – the most pretty girl ever. She gapes a bit before she can introduce herself. It seems going through the wedding Mass had been totally worth it.
The angel chuckles and drapes himself over him. Dean rolls him on his side, sliding one leg between the angels’. It makes their erections rub together and he wraps himself around Castiel, moaning in his ear.
Today, there’s a nice bottle inside of him, almost round, filled with water. A bottle of perfume he found by chance one day. It’s big enough that he feels it but not too much. It’s safely wrapped into a condom so he can retrieve it later.
He shouldn’t have gotten that inside him, because when he’s stuffed, his brain is useless. Of course, it’s the day when Hot Tall Guy happens to be late and has to sit in the back with him. He could try and say something intelligent or at least non compromising.
He stretches his arm a bit, not too much to avoid bumping into Dean. The night is gonna be long if it goes on. He tries to think of something else, that could take his mind off the beautiful man sleeping next to him. He thinks of tomorrow, of what he’s gonna do next, where he’s gonna go. If Naomi is gonna scold him again, because she’s that kind of big sister. He doesn’t consider his father, because the man is so busy with his work that he would only get a nod and a pat on the back if he’s lucky. Maybe he should contact his aunt. Amara has always been the reasonable one, but it’s been a long time since they haven’t seen each other. But she travels often and he doesn’t know where she is now. Probably something far, like Japan or Madagascar.
Just with that, he’s gone. (He has to push Sam out of the way, because he’s boneless against the door.)
It’s easy to be with her. He can relax and stop worrying about being too much or not enough. He’s not a
Sam moans eagerly and lets his head being pushed against the door. Two hands frame his head, and the hard cock slips deeper inside his mouth. Lucifer goes slow at first, testing his resistance and savoring the sensation.
He left. He had three patients to visit. He began by the young Linda, who was almost ready to deliver. She was always glad to see him. She had been really wary at first, but when she saw he wasn’t judging her and was genuinely asking her what she wanted, she had calmed down. They got along, and he had discovered that she was funny and clever, nothing like the portrait some villagers made of her.
Now it’s always quiet. Always safe. And he knows Castiel isn’t going to disappear. So he takes his time, because he knows there will be a next time. And another. And another. Forever.
Sometimes he wonders if the other alphas are truly like that or if they hide it like him. He doesn’t make a show of it either but he’s not gonna let himself act likes he wants to in public.
Dean fucks his fist, panting in Castiel’s mouth. The angel has a way to make him feel at ease and forget all of his issues. He also learned to make him cum, with that angelic mojo of his to read his mind and it’s embarrassing but also really good.
“Will you?” He asks, breathless already because Lucifer is nuzzling just behind his ear and rubbing himself against him.
She meets Lilith in the library. It surprises her because she didn't expect to find someone else at this hour, and in this corner. Kelly likes to study alone at this place, it’s secluded and quiet.
His family is far from here and even then, they tend not to get along so well. No one really ever understood his obsession with religion, and they’re too busy to tear at each other’s throat to pay attention to him. He often felt out of place at family gatherings.
“Needy slut.” He says affectionately. “Need to get fucked all the time. It’s not like you can do anything with that useless nub. It’s just good to be slapped. ”
She raises her hand and he flinches in anticipation. The palm of her hand catches the head of his dick, making it bob and burst in pain.
It’s easy to be with her. He can relax and stop worrying about being too much or not enough. He’s not a
His balls are getting fondled by an expert hand while his cock is engulfed in a warm and wet suction. He’s the only person to have ever managed to take him to the root (Lucifer still brags about it, because he loves to brag). His hips are bucking, encouraged by two hands gripping his ass. He’s pretty sure Lucifer lives on people’s fear of him and Sam’s praises, because
Lilith drops off college the year after and disappears into the wind. Kelly cherishes the memory of her perfume and sweet mouth. She smiles when she hear people wonder what happened to her. She doesn’t know either, but it’s okay. Maybe she’ll cross her path again one day.
Lucifer graces the alpha with a nod and his cock is engulfed in a tight, warm ass.  There’s already another alpha replacing the two who leave his hole empty. The blond alpha rides him, clenching around his length and rolling his hips. Lucifer cums in him, then rolls them over to pound him into the ground, while the alpha in his ass follows, plastering his chest to his back. He bites in a meaty shoulder when he cums, cock pulsing inside the tight heat.
His voice has lost the provocative tone. Sam is in the same state because he doesn’t make any comment and thrusts inside him, nice and deep. Just how he likes, because Sam seems to be perfect at everything and it’s really annoying but also really good.
The only things is he can’t bring himself to buy proper sex toys. He could -maybe he should – but there’s something about taking a random object and stick it inside him.
He removed his clothes in automatic motions, trying to calm down. From what Sam told him, Dean is not into men. Is Castiel ? He’s not sure, but he never had a strong attraction to women either. It’s the first time he feels such an intense reaction and he doesn’t know what to make of it. He had never thought much about sex when he was set on becoming a priest. It didn’t interest him. But tonight, he can’t think of something else.
It was a sensitive subject for a long long time, but now I think like I'm more confortable with myself, so I can talk about it more easily. Of course it's Lucifer, because he's my favourite character and I want to celebrate my top surgery.
He goes faster, making Sam gag and drool all over. He desperately want to feel it in his throat, but he knows it takes way more practice if he doesn’t want to hurt himself. He tightens his grip on Lucifer’s dick and slides his other hand on the man’s ass, feeling the muscles flexing.
“No, I changed my mind. I found he’s a huge painslut. Hurt him enough and he squirts like a fountain. Wanna see ?”
Lucifer slides on the floor, opening Sam’s pants. The blond likes to get on his knees to suck dick, he says, because he likes how men realize than he’s the one in charge even in that position. Sam can attest that he never felt in control even when he was desperately pulling at Lucifer’s hair as the blond deepthroated him.
He shouldn’t have said that. He knows Lucifer is a sensitive about these things. Insecure about a lot of things. And Sam had to put his foot in his mouth and tell all about his love of women, of curvy bodies and pretty dresses. As if Lucifer wasn’t already afraid of not being enough for Sam.
Hundred of years spent in Heaven, hiding his hears ignoring his needs and being told that sex was beneath angels. What a load of bullshit.
“They’re fading.” The blond says, having pressed him against the wall. Lucifer’s roommate is rarely seen, as he tends to avoid him. Most people avoid Lucifer to be honest.
The clamp is biting into his flesh, making his pussy spasm. Then Dean removes the clamp and he cries out at the sensation of blood returning. His clit is bigger now. It’s always been a bit small, above average for male omegas but when Dean took an interest in it, he wanted something more to play with. After injections and a great amount of pumping, his clit tripled in size. It’s even more sensitive and the alpha is ruthless. The first time he came since he met Dean, it was with the alpha’s shoe crushing his enlarged clit on the floor.
He will never get tired of hearing those words. An eternity is not enough to hear it as many time as he wants.
“Please, alpha, I need you.” He lowers his voice, adding that sweet begging tone that omegas are taught as soon as they are born.
“Oh fuck, Nick, you found Sam ! You little fucker, he was mine first ! I’m calling dibs here, scoot over. “
Sam had choked on his beer when Lucifer had told him he wanted his cock. No one had ever been like that with him. They fell in bed together and that had been the best night ever. He remembers how pliant Lucifer was, how his moans had gone low when he came, how hard he had ridden Sam. He had laughed at his swearing, his lack of filter. He had fallen asleep wrapped around him.
“You’re a pretty man, Lucifer. It’s a waste that you don’t use it.” She opens her shirt, button after button, and strokes his chest. She hums in appreciations. “I always wanted to have you like that, at my mercy. You never looked at me that way of course. You don’t understand human desire. Sex is nothing to you, just a dirty need for us mud monkeys.”
A few well placed thrusts are enough to make Dean pop. He’s been pent-up all night, obeying Castiel’s order not to cum before coming home to him. He slumps on his boyfriend, wrapping himself around him as he drives into his ass.
He would like to tease him more, but the blond managed to get his blood boiling. He stands up and picks Lucifer up, hands under his ass. The blond yelps and wraps his limbs around him.
She’s soaking too and he swears when she grinds her hips in circles. Her breasts are pressed against his chest, soft and warm, her nipples hard.
He never felt such a connection to anyone. He understands for the first time what people meant when they talked about relationships How they couldn’t get enough of touching the other, how they felt safe, appeased. The intimacy of it lets him short-breathed.
“I already took a shower, you can go if you want. The couch is very small, so if you want to sleep with me, it’s okay, bed’s big enough. ”
She speeds up, then she slides her fingers inside, looking around for the most pleasurable spot. Kelly is shaking when she fingers her thoroughly and
He lifts his luggage and they climb the few stairs separating them from the flat. It smells of bacon when they get in. It’s a nice flat, even if the man clearly doesn’t clean a lot. The floor is strewn with clothes and a few empty cereal packages. There are also dozens of beer bottles lying around. Photos are pinned on the walls and he recognizes Sam in most of them. He takes a better look at one of them, where two small boy’s are in a plastic pool. The smaller one is crying, while the other is comforting him. Sam always talk about his brother like a protector, saying that he almost raised him himself.
Fuck. Is he angry ? Tantrums are recurrent. About his aunt, about his brothers, about himself… How many times did Sam witness him breaking things, shouting at the whole world and then shut down, muttering about how he shouldn’t have been born at all ? He doesn’t want to find Lucifer having a breakdown. He saw it once, when his father had resurfaced and tried to bully his way with fake apologies. He had to glue back Lucifer’s pieces after that and he never wants to that again.
Father Milton looked at the man lying on the table. The doctor was checking his breathing, shaking his head in confusion. The man was pale, with short dark hair. He was dressed in a worn-out coat, with a simple shirt and pants, also well worn. There was no mark on his body that could have indicated anything, being his identity or an eventual wound.
She doesn’t know when she got so close. She’s pressing Kelly against the table and her lips are inches away from her face – it’s a purple shade today.
Castiel kneads his cheeks, exposing his hole. He knows it’s open, wet with cum and clenching on nothing, begging to be filled.
Her lips are soft and warm, and she’s wrapping her arms around her without even thinking. The kiss quickly becomes filthy. She’s wetting her panties and she hopes Kelly is too.
“I can’t let you make any medication, but if you could go buy ingredients and bring the remedies to my patients, that would be great. Also, I have to bring you to Father Milton, he wants to see you.”
He tips his head back, allowing the blond the access to his neck. Lucifer tightens his grip and Sam moans, aroused by the way the oxygen makes itself sparse in his lungs. The pressure on his throat is painfully good.
“I’ll call you back.” He says to Dean, hanging up so quickly he’s afraid his brother will know it’s suspicious. “Hey, Lucifer.” He tries not to less his affection show, but it’s useless.
Dean adjusts the clamp on Castiel’s clit, making him moan in pain/pleasure. His little nub is an angry red, swollen and coated in slick. Benny whistles.
“Did you like it ? I made sure to be loud for you.” Lucifer says in a low voice right into his ear. “Did you imagine yourself in my wife’s place ?”
He climaxes, milking his orgasm with shallow thrusts until there’s nothing left. Then he pulls out and puts the panties back in place.
He’s speechless, overwhelmed by the moment and he squeezes Dean’s hand tight, to make up for his lack of verbal answer. He gets on his side, and reaches for Dean with the other hand. He grips a shoulder and he hears him take a loud breath. He strokes the skin, his fingers following the curves of muscle. When he gets to his elbow, Dean suddenly moves forwards and wraps his arm around him. He gasps, surprised and shocked by the warm and hard body he’s pressed against. He slides a leg on Dean’s hip, burying his face in his shoulder.
It squelches every other thrust, dribbling down to fall on the sheets. Lucifer has his eyes closed, arms loosely curled above his head, mouth open.
“I’m keeping those though.” Lucifer’s voice comes out muffled. “I feel pretty and powerful, I love it.”
He remembers it well. A few years ago, there had been some protests against new laws and global insecurity in the state. Castiel was volunteering in a homeless center and he knew about the difficulties poor people could experience. There had been altercations with the police and too many violence, unjustified arrests and general mistreatment. At a protest, Castiel had inhaled too much tear gas, and had managed to get out of the crowd to try and take a breath on the sidewalk. Sam and his friends had seen him and given him some physiological saline. They had talked and stayed in contact since then. Sam had regularly took part in food distribution.
He feels relaxed, his orgams still rolling in his belly. He still feels safe in her arms, her soft perfume soothing him.
He kisses his jaw, peppering kisses on his open mouth. “I could kill you and you’d let me. Just so I can have a better orgasm.”
She rubs herself against Kelly’s hand while they kiss, cumming when the other woman sucks her tongue.
“So you met Nick. He’s my twin brother. Obviously. He didn’t say what you looked like, I would have known ! I do remember you Sam, very very good shag. Top quality cock.”
I hesitated with doing a Kinktober with The Witcher, because I dived into it recently, but maybe an advent calendar ? What do you think?
“I can’t help it. I like to scare him. He always looks like I’m gonna do something horrible to him.”
. The tongue is tracing his rim, then diving into his heat before his insides are sucked with such passion that he cums twice, shaking all over and drooling from pleasure.
He’s tied to the bed, gagged and naked, his hole stretched and lubed. He can’t move much, the ropes digging into his skin if he tries, he can only get on his stomach to stretch his legs or stay on his knees. His cock is caged.
He does. It turns him on a lot. Lucifer is beautiful like that, all wrapped up like a gift for him. He can’t help but be moved that the blond went through that much effort for him.
“Can’t wait to see.” He sucks lightly under his jaw, making Lucifer moan, then stands up. “I’m gonna join them.”
“Let’s open it.” John slides the key in the lock, and removes it with careful gestures. He cups Castiel’s dick, his palm warm and big, engulfing him.
He steps forwards until his leg is pressing right against Sam’s hard cock, trapped in his pants. His smile is wicked when Sam looks at him with hesitation.
Sam’s cock throbs at the prospect of a next time. He’s painfully hard but the assault on his throat is distracting him for it. He tries to relax, tipping his head backwards and looking at the man having his way with him. He’s finally where he has been wanting to be for months. At the end of Lucifer’s cock.
“Ask Father Milton. Alfie is full of good will but he’s too young to really help. Don’t you need someone too?”
“I really want to fuck you again. Sorry I had to go that night, family issues, you met my father …” He waves his hand. “But there’s no way I’m letting you go now.”
All of Lucifer’s big plans before, where’s the hellfire and mass genocide? Where’s the raising and enslaving of death? The plagues and ravaged earth?
He's fine to do it. He is. He just wishes for once that they were the type of family where one of them didn't have to try so hard to keep an unstable peace.
He shakes his head, staring out at the lineup of bottles on the opposite wall, seeing himself in the mirror there. Just a man.
Patience wearing razor thin, Cas violently grabs the lapels of the man's jacket, hoisting him onto his toes until the two are eye to eye and mere inches apart. Mick, to his credit, only shows his alarm a split second- his sense of composure returning as he holds up his hands in surrender, not fighting back in the slightest.
"Got something." John raises his voice from the bathroom, and walks out with a small item dangling between two fingers.
"Uh, cabinet in the library. Right wall. Can't miss it." Dean points to the door, "Just head straight through there, first right and you'll find it."
Dean chooses his words carefully, looking John dead in the eye, "Just, you know... probably oughta let him tell that one."
Despite his annoyance, he can’t help but chuckle at the image of an angel and a demon trekking across country in the cab of a stolen pickup truck, trying to track down the devil.
"Don't think I won't." He arches a brow, knocking back the shot without breaking eye contact. She, too, holds eye contact as she pours the next one- then, just like that, turns on her heel to focus on some other patrons down the line.
"Personal." He nods, understanding, and Cas mirrors the action, falling silent for a long stretch of time.
"Uh, okay..." Sam shoulders his pack, handing off Dean's alongside the Impala's keys. A wordless exchange filtering between them at Dad's clear order.
It doesn't have to be the kind of gesture he means it to be. Not really. Not if he just sells it as something smaller. Something like friendship. Cause Cas
a fight, then. He drops the panties back on the couch, trading them for a binder on the side table to leaf through.
It's weird, though. He hadn't noticed in a long while that those things... he hadn't realized the reason they always bother Sam so much. Of course it's cause Sam thinks of Dean better than that, always has. But there's more to it. Those are John's words. Words Dean's been spouting out verbatim ages after the man's death. Dusty old words from a bible in a dead language he hasn't read in years but still holds onto like gospel.
They step into the garage and Dean crosses first, beelining for the pillar straight ahead. He flips the lights, and the overheads crackle to life. John blinks, adjusting to the light, his gaze landing immediately on the Impala to the right as Dean approaches it.
Or maybe it's his heartbeat? He thinks back to ninth grade english class, Edgar Allen Poe and a stopped heart beneath the floorboards.
new. There are bruises, too. Green and yellow on his ribs, tiny red splotches on his wrists. Large, deep purple spots on his jaw, his cheekbone. A black eye, every now and then. Raccoon eyes whenever he gets hit on the back of his head, his brain colliding with the front of his skull and causing dark pockets that show what a perfect little punching bag he can be. And, of course. Of course there's the one. The one that fills Castiel's gut with a squirming, sticky shame every time he sees it.
Dean grabs his chin with a firm grip, lifts his head up so they're facing each other. Holds him in place. Cas closes his eyes, breathing heavy through his nose. It's different from five days ago. Five days ago, Cas wasn't in his right mind. He wasn't thinking. He kissed Dean because he was vulnerable and helpless and had been deprived of a soft touch for so long, but it's different now. He knows better now. The man in front of him is terrifying, dangerous, someone Cas couldn't be paid to kiss. Not like he has a choice.
They end up in the kitchen. Cas is looking around at dirty dishes and shiny countertops and pots hanging from hooks on the walls, and Dean snaps in his face to get his attention. He shakes the boy's wrist as he talks, like he's reprimanding a toddler who's threatened to run away.
"What did you do to them?" He asks, and stands up on his feet. "Did you hurt them? Where were they when you broke in? Did you watch them sleep, attack them?" And he's stepping closer to Dean, jabbing a finger at him, ready to scream and fight and break down and die if he hears that his family has been hurt in any way.
He nods eagerly, breath hitching when he feels the blunt tip of Castiel’s dick catching on his hole.
Sam checks his scarf, making sure it’s covering his neck entirely. He’s glad winter is really cold this year, because no one asked why he is wearing it constantly, not even Dean, and God knows that he can be nosy.
“My Lord…” The alpha above him is getting frantic, thrusts uneven and knot swelling. It catches on his rim and slides against the other alpha’s. They both lock inside of him, filling him with their seed. He purrs in contentment, the heavy weight inside of him grounding him. A third alpha comes to suck his cock, her mouth hot and wet.
Cas stumbles, his breath stinging his throat, his eyes wide and his arms pumping as he catches his balance. He doesn't have time to think. His actions are purely instinctual, not logical.
He could just hide it under his tongue, but Dean's too smart for that. It takes a few more seconds of convincing himself, but eventually Cas tips his head back and drops the pill into his mouth. He swallows it with difficulty, his mouth having gone dry the moment it was placed in his hand. It tastes disgusting at the back of his tongue, bitter and maybe a little salty. Makes him gag. Sure enough, Dean grabs hold of his jaw and sticks a finger in his mouth; runs it under his tongue, in his cheeks, around his molars. Cas knows better than to let himself gag this time, lest Dean get some enjoyment out of it and keep going. Dean tells him to lie down with his blanket, and Cas obliges, although he's beyond confused and fucking riddled with anxiety.
Other times, he calls him a stupid pig and tells him his family is probably glad they don't have to put up with him anymore and leaves him trembling, bruised and suffering on the cold floor.
Dean clamps a hand over his mouth, and the reality of the situation sets in. Cas struggles, prying at the man's arm, trying to kick him away. He's frantic, calling out from under Dean's hand, but it just presses down harder and Cas sinks into the pillows. When Dean's free hand wrenches one of his legs to the side, he gives up.
"Enough monologuing," Dean spits. "I never claimed to be perfect. This is about your mistakes, Castiel, not mine." Then he says, "give me one reason why I shouldn't kill you right here, right now."
For you sick fucks who were hoping the rape would be Cas's... A) shame on you, and B) sorry, you gotta wait. >:)
What kind of question is this? Dean already knows the answer. Cas hasn't been allowed to know the date since he was taken. It's just another tactic Dean uses to get the upper hand, state his authority over Cas. It's supposed to demonstrate how completely and utterly powerless the boy is, and honestly? It works.
Despite it all, Cas supposes he can find good moments. He kind of has to, to keep from going completely insane.
This is what he should look like, Dean thinks. This is what this little boy was made for. Hell, maybe what all little boys were made for. Put a dick in their mouths and they've suddenly accomplished everything they need to in life. Can't get any prettier, can't be any more useful.
There's breath against the shell of Castiel's ear, and he feels a fingernail finally break the skin near his temple. A trickle of what must be blood makes its way across his forehead.
Two hours of not really talking to anybody, and sitting around while his friends keep conversation going for him, and nursing a drink he doesn't like so people won't think he's a prude. By the end of it all, Charlie was crashed on the couch, too drunk to even think about driving, Meg had left with a boy she's too good for, and Cas? Cas had to walk home.
"Don't you dare make me the bad guy here," Dean interjects. It's a warning. "This isn't my fault. You made a choice. You could have stuck it out and cooperated."
He stops, groans in frustration, and his stomach grumbles right along with him. This whole thing is getting increasingly more terrible. When Cas last saw Dean, he'd said he would bring food in a "while," and come back "tomorrow" to chat. Cas suspects that this was a lie. He must have been asleep for a decent time, right? At least the whole night. Or... the whole morning. Or afternoon, or whatever the fuck time of day it was. He can't know for sure, and he hates it. Either way, it's been a long-ass time and Dean is nowhere to be seen.
. He forces himself to lie completely still and convinces himself he's tired enough to fall asleep, he eats everything, like he's supposed to, even when he's not hungry, he never complains and he makes himself breathe evenly and calmly when Dean's in the room. But the man is still not satisfied. Still searching for excuses to get to hurt Cas, get to threaten him. And now it's Gabriel who's going to get hurt. That's the thing, is that Cas really believes Dean. He has every reason to. There' no doubt in his mind that standing in front of him is a man capable of true, unadulterated evil. The thought of Gabriel dying for the sake of Castiel's own pride, his refusal to obey Dean completely, is intolerable. As long as Dean continues to be dissatisfied with Castiel's behaviour, his family is at risk.
Slowly, Cas presses his palms to his face and takes in a shuddering breath. Dean rolls his eyes. Cas stays like that for a long moment: breathing deeply but shakily through his nose, face smushed into his hands. It gives the distinct impression that he's willing himself not to cry.
And he raises Cas's hands, forcibly lifting them up and up, until they're pressed against Dean's throat.
And what’s worse: the voice Cas has been hearing is not Dean’s. Panic sets in as Cas wakes up completely, dread pushing the dizziness and blurriness out of his brain. The last time he left the bunker, he got shot. Dean doesn’t want him to leave, he’s not allowed, and oh jesus he’s going to be in so much trouble and Dean’s gonna kill him and--
He doesn't look up as Dean puts a hand on his arm and rubs, just keeps staring at the card. It's rage, now. Injustice.
At that, Castiel bolts upright. His various lingering injuries scream their protests, but he doesn't care. Cas cannot leave the bunker. He can't. Leaving the bunker means crashing to the ground and Dean stomping on his calf and crushing his hand into the road with the hard heel of his boot, and a smashed nose and blood on the road and a kick to the ribs and a hand over his screaming mouth, and being dragged into the woods and a car roars past but nobody cares and Cas is gonna be here forever, forever, and Dean is laughing as he sobs. Leaving the bunker means getting shot with a fucking gun and Cas can still hear the shot ring out in his ears. He can still feel the pliers digging into his open wound as he thrashes, restrained, on a cold metal table. He cringes at the memory, his hand hovering over his scar. He cannot leave this place.
. He's got the upper hand at all fuckin' times, and nobody would believe the kind of power trip it's giving him. He controls what happens to Cas; whether he lives or dies, when he eats, when he fucking breathes. It's
Hands held behind his back. Blue dress tie from the back of Dean's closet knotted perfectly, scrawny fingers clawing at silk.
The two of them are still fighting against each other, that much is clear. There's still all the sounds from earlier, whimpers and cries that seem muffled or scared or quiet for some other reason. Cas sees Dean lift an arm back, sees that cruel fist being curled, and flinches as it's brought down.
There must be some sort of temperature control, something Dean used and turned way way way down. "Ice age" setting. "Windstorm in the winter" setting. "Make a teenage boy forget what it feels like to have a dick attached to his body" setting.
He doesn't want Cas to deteriorate. He wants him to take care of himself, which would be hilarious if it weren't so grim.
Sometimes Dean pets Castiel's sweaty hair and kisses his forehead and soothes him while he falls asleep after a particularly rough day.
And it does. Right there inside the card are three signatures, each unique and genuine and accompanied by a long, heartfelt note. His brothers. It's obvious they've written him this birthday card out of pure sentiment, or maybe for closure. Maybe they think he's dead and his spirit will happen upon their words, maybe they think it'll put him at rest. Maybe they wrote the card as an act of denial, or maybe so that Cas can have something nice when he finally finds his way back to them. Whatever the reason, it's obvious Dean has stolen it from some mantel or shrine or display; this card meant as a tribute. This card placed carefully next to a photo of Castiel back when he was alive, maybe. An act of rememberance.
Dean is walking around the back of the car. Cas is watching him in the rearview, and Dean's eyes flick up to meet his in the reflection just as he lifts open the trunk. Cas feels the beginnings of a bad feeling, but tells himself it's only because he's in an unfamiliar situation. The car actually jostles a bit as Dean rummages in the trunk, and then Cas feels it lift up a bit, as if some weight's been taken out of it.
Dean stands, drags Castiel with him, shoves him over to it. He lands on hands and knees, glancing up at Dean for approval before opening the bag and looking inside. There's a first aid kit.
Sitting still on the shoulder of the highway with both Winchester brothers staring sternly back at him (one with a squeezed-shut, bleeding eyelid), Castiel casts his eyes downward. Their gaze is scrutinizing, and instantly he feels like a child being reprimanded for a supermarket outburst. He huffs, trying to regain control over his breathing. He realizes he’d started crying in his panic, as small hiccups now interrupt the silence.
Cas scrambles for an answer. He can't just ignore the question, because Dean doesn't like that, but which answer does he want? The truth? Usually, Dean wants the truth, and he can somehow always tell when Cas doesn't give it to him. But on the other hand, sometimes it's just better to tell Dean what he wants to hear. So what does he want? What's the right course of action here?
He's learning to submit. More and more, he gives in to whatever Dean wants him to do. Knows that it's best not to put up a fight. Obviously he's still just a kid, has still got a primal sort of snark in him, some predetermined steeliness that'll take a long time to squash. But that's okay. That's what Dean's here for. He'll just keep on punishing Cas until he learns to bite his tongue and give up the push-back. The refusal. The fight-or-flight. The punishments are a win/win, for Dean that is. He gets to hurt something
In a second, the door's been slammed open and Dean is down the hall in six strides. Pushing John's door open. And then just like that he's on him, using a knee to roll him over, grabbing him by his sweaty hair to hold him down. Dean hits his father four times, yelling nonsense as he does, before the man wakes up enough to gain the upper hand.
Dean is waiting. He's not saying anything. He knows the anticipation is killing Cas, knows it makes him want to fall to his knees and wrap his arms around himself and rock back and forth. And Cas is sure the man is having a hell of a time, making him suffer like this. He can feel a steady, hard gaze burning into him, but he refuses to acknowledge it. If he does, he'll spiral.
He stands, and hears Cas cry out at the sudden movement. Moving slowly towards the staircase, Dean watches as Cas frantically whirls around and slams the paperweight into the window.
Just as they reach the cover of the trees, just as they cower down, just as Dean pulls Cas into his chest and slams a hand over his mouth, using his other hand to shove a gun into his ribs, Cas sees a car come over the hill down the road. He's instantly sobered from whatever hilarious, dizzying insanity spell he experienced a second ago, the reality of the situation crashing down on him. A car is coming toward them, toward the exact spot they were laying mere moments ago. If the driver looks hard enough, they'll see blood on the road.
By the time he lets Cas go, there are tears streaming down his face. Not because he's in distress, but because he's been choking on a cock too big for him.
Cas looks at Dean like he's just now realizing the sky is blue. "I wonder why the fuck that is," he says dryly, and Dean really doesn't like that. Smacks him hard across the face.
Dean's breath is picking up along with his pace. He's thinking about Cas's reaction to seeing the word carved into him and realizing what it symbolizes, and he's getting off on the power he feels in this moment. He watches Cas pulls at his hands, his face turned to the side to try and get as far away as he can.
The back seat of a smooth black car that he’s been in once before. Windows open and music turned down low and Cas sitting on his front porch and Dean Winchester, the handsome stranger, flashing perfect teeth from behind the wheel. Cas smells leather and the forest and something metallic, and it makes him feel nauseous. He remembers that night.
. Then he laughs. "Is that what this is about?" He asks, sounding entirely amused. "You pull a stunt like this and it's because of
It's really not a big deal. He needs to man up and get over it. But it's not the fact that his brother has locked him out of the house at half past two on a Saturday morning that's bothering him. It's not that he's going to have to sleep on the porch in the cold and he's got nothing but a flimsy jacket on over a t-shirt. No, what's really bothering him is the look he knows he's gonna get from Luci in the morning. That pissed off, "I'm disappointed in you" look that he hates so much. What's bothering him is how much he knows Gabriel is freaking out right now, probably tossing around in bed wondering where his little brother is. That's what's stressing Cas out the most. That's what's got him keeled over on the front step, worrying his bottom lip between teeth that are starting to chatter from the cold.
There's a crackling sound as Dean throws the bottle down, whatever water was left in it spraying across the floor. Then he stands up, and Cas is helpless as Dean puts his boot on his shoulder and kicks, hard. Cas goes crashing to the floor. His head actually bounces off of it. He cries out, but it's cut short as Dean slams a hand down onto the side of Cas's face. He's being pushed into the floor, Dean's fingernails digging into his skin, the bruised side of his face pressed painfully against the cold stone. Dean must be putting most of his upper body's weight onto that one hand, because Cas honestly thinks that any second, his skull will cave in and that'll be the end. He senses Dean lean down over him, hovering over him where he's pinned. He feels a drop of water drip down off Dean's face and land behind his ear, then roll down the back of his neck. He shivers. His mouth is gaping open, no sound coming out. Dean is an incredible force, a steady weight that refuses to relent.
He's kneeling there, covered in streaks of blood from sewing the wounds and being fought by his patient.
Dean smiles, walking over and pulling Cas into his chest. His breath hitches as a particularly sore spot on his cheekbone hits a solid sternum.
"My pleasure," is the response. It's quiet for a moment, and then the guy is shifting a bit to face Cas more fully. "I'm Dean."
No words can describe what he feels. In this moment, he breaks. His hope is shattered, his determination crushed by a man with startling green eyes and wolf's teeth. The car blurs past without slowing, the driver blissfully unaware of the scene hidden in the bushes just a few feet off the side of the road.
to traumatic events. He wouldn't punish a war veteran for having flashbacks, so why is he punishing Cas for diving off the deep end after all he's been through? He's been kidnapped, chained up in a basement, beaten on countless occasions, made to endure degradation and mockery, and forced to give himself up completely to his captor. He depends on Dean for everything: food, the little clothing he has, entertainment. It's shameful and humiliating, and he has no say in the matter. He's been cut, gagged, slapped, and worse. He's been forced to watch another boy raped and murdered right in front of his eyes. Add all of that to the guilt he feels for willingly kissing Dean that night, seeking solace in him, and taking actual comfort in the man's arms? The toll it's taken on his brain to know that he did such a thing on his own, without being told? Without being forced to? It's a miracle he's not hearing fuckin' voices by now. Cas can't be blamed for the panic attacks. He can't be blamed for the nightmares. He can't be blamed for the insomnia, or the loss of appetite. He can't
Cas is trying, he's struggling, and panic starts to rise in his chest. This is too much. Things are moving so fast and emotions are so high that his brain doesn't have time to catch up with his words, his actions. Of course, he can't escape Dean's grip. No way in hell. But he can try.
How long has he been out? How long was he in that car? What are his brothers thinking right now? Where is the man who took him? What does he want? Is Cas going to die?
"If you behave, nothing bad is going to happen to you. I plan on keeping you around for a while. You'll find after some time that I can be a very good person, Castiel. But... what you have to understand is that that goes both ways."
And with that, he leaves. Probably to his room. Cas stands there for a moment, his heart pounding. That could could have gone a lot worse. Like, a lot. In fact, he was expecting it to. That's the thing about Dean: he's unpredictable. His mood can change like the flip of some cruel, cold switch.
Cas yet, so he doesn't really understand why he's being such a little bitch about it. There's still progress to be made, he supposes.
Just one car. One car is all he needs. One jogger, one nearby neighbour, one soul. One soul is all he needs.
He can hear Sam screaming objections as John stands up, grinning like a fucking maniac, and grabs Dean by the front of the shirt. Dean feels a tooth snap out of its socket with the very first punch. Tries not to swallow it.
He thinks about everything Dean does to him. What he ever did to deserve it. By now, he's an experienced sexual assault victim. He knows what it feels like to have a grown-up hand sneak under the blanket and down his underwear in the middle of the night. He knows to hate himself and he knows that Dean doesn't care if he does. So he puts his hands where he doesn't want them and he puts his tongue where it shouldn't be and he moans pretty like he's supposed to, when he's supposed to, the way Dean likes. And if he ever fights back (only every once in a while, the fight is leaking out if him day by day), he gets punished.
"No offense, Sam, but this isn't a good time to lecture me on morals. Okay? You're no saint either."
"Fuck you!" Dean spits, and that's when he starts to panic. He's pushing against John's chest and trying to buck him off with his hips, reaching for his face or his hair; anything he can scratch or pull or break. "
“He really did,” Sam says, touching the torn corner of his eyelid, and that sends them off all over again. Cas lets out a hesitant, uncertain puff of laughter. It’s disconcerting that he doesn’t know the right move here-- the Winchester brothers are an enigma.
When the Mass ended, they went to the priest. He was talking to a short, pregnant woman, and a tall blond man who had his hand on her shoulder. Castiel could feel a powerful wave coming from her soul, showing her strong and kind character. The energy coming from the baby though, was uneven. The birth would be hard, potentially deadly for the mother. Maybe he could do something eventually.
She does it again of course. Her little clit is spasming every time, and it’s so cute she wants to do that all day long.
They share a long look while she pulls down the panties until Kelly can step one foot out of it to spread her legs. Meg settles her hand on Kelly’s hips, pinning the dress there and goes back to work.
He strokes Lucifer’s face, then slides his hands under his ass and picks him up, going for the bedroom.
Lucifer arches an eyebrow, and closes his eyes with a gasp when Sam nibbles on his neck, his body pressed against him. The angel can’t help his hips moving, grinding against the solid warmth he’s offered.
“I can’t wait to see all swollen, heavy with my child.” He rubs Castiel’s already dripping cunt, making the omega shake in his arms. “He still thinks it’s his, right ?”
A bold omega eats his stretched hole out, going through the numerous loads of cum left by dozens of demons. He moans loudly, sensitive and
His ass is spasming around the weight in him and he’s seriously considering asking the giant out. There are few people taller than Lucifer and he’s pretty sure that one can pick him up. Those muscles aren’t for decoration he hopes.
He doesn’t have to wait. He doesn’t even need to ask, they’re all crawling to him to give him what he needs. His hole is never empty nor is his cock left unattended. Hands caress his body and tongues slip inside his mouth as much as he wants. He’ll never beg again.
“Those are prescriptions – oh don’t bother reading those, I have a really bad writing I’m afraid – and those are anatomy, plant books.”
He pushes Sam on the bed, getting naked before straddling him. He’s prepared, like he does sometimes. It allows him to go straight for what he wants and he often wants his ass to be fucked. Hard and deep usually.
“Then he made me suck him on my knees. HMM ! Cas ! Please ! Made me drool all over him and he bent me over to fuck me. His cock is so big, he fucked me good, calling me a bitch. ”
He moans into the kiss, their tongues sliding against each other. Dean sucks on his lower lip, then pulls away.
Castiel obeys, busying his hands with the sensitive nubs on his chest. There are four fingers in him now and the other hand cups his balls, soothing the skin and fondles his still soft dick.
“First, I’m going to suck that pretty cock of yours, then when you’re wet and good, I’ll sit on it and I’ll ride you until you beg me to let you come. ”
Kelly squirms as Meg comes closer. She sits on the bed and strokes her face, kissing her forehead. She removes the egg and holds it by the string. She lowers it to Kelly’s clit for a few seconds then pulls it up.
Dean lets go of his throat and Castiel is screaming when he climaxes, his pussy gushing everywhere while Dean grabs his clit and kneads it between his fingers until he’s crying with pain. The spray hit Benny, soaking his pants. The floor is drenched, as much as the couch.
Castiel’s eyes are full of tenderness and encouragement, but Dean still feels like he’s gonna bolt out of here any second.
He twists his wrist, sinking the dildo deeper. It stretches Dean’s hole widely, the rim catching on the small suckers of the tentacle. It’s curled at the end and it looks like it hits the spot perfectly, according to Dean’s moans which are getting more high-pitched. He’s gripping the sheets tightly, shaking his head. He’s not gonna last long.
The first time they kissed, he felt shaken. It was good. She felt safe. He rarely felt safe. She pushed past his walls and even if it doesn’t come naturally to him, he opens up to her, slowly.
He squeezes it, tight, until Castiel is squirming in pain, then he gives it a few harsh slaps. Castiel is panting, head thrown back.
He obeys, placing himself in front of Castiel, who watches him attentively. Then he reaches for his hips, his lips stretching on a smile.
“How are you gonna take me ? Hmm? ” The blond purrs, biting his earlobe. “On my knees, like yesterday ? Or are you in the mood to kiss ?”
He sips on a glass of wine, watching Lucifer’s face with attention. He’s still embarrassed, but at least, the blond still wants him. Even if he doesn’t remember.
Now, the jerk owes her an explanation. They were thick as thieves in college but they drifted apart after. Still. She deserves to know when her college best friend has a baby. With a hot girl. Fuck. They always had the same taste in women.
“He doesn’t seem to remember much. I don’t know what happened, he doesn’t look hurt but he suffered from some kind of shock, that’s sure.”
He’s alive and solid in his arms, and it still surprises him. He has still has difficulty to let him go, as if the angel were gonna disappear if he looked away.
Two fingers covered in cum are shoved into his mouth and he moans around them. Castiel pulls him onto his lap and he ruts his dick against his boyfriend’s belly, trying to sink on his dick.
He’s not sure how it escalated so quickly. One minute they were at each other’s throat, like every time they talked  and the next, they were kissing.
Yes. He’s exactly like he remembers. Chatty, molding himself to Sam and talking about sex like he’s talking about what he ate at lunch.
But Dean doesn’t know and of Sam wants to answer Lucifer’s calls when he wants to be fucked and cuddle him afterwards, dreaming about getting more, it’s his problem.
He shakes his head while she straddles him, guiding his dick to her slit. He hates the part of him that wonders what it’s gonna feel like. The tip slides past her entrance and she slowly sinks on him.
The sex too. He rarely masturbates, because he doesn’t feel the need to. Sex was never a goal. His siblings always lost their mind when he turned down someone. He wasn’t going to do it just for the sake of it. But he feels no pressure from Dean. He feels the slow pattern of his fingers on his back, his hard-on pressed against him, while their foreheads touch. He feels the pressure building, quite quickly, and he hears himself whimper in Dean’s shoulder. Their embrace tightens and he comes first, gentle waves rolling in his belly. Dean takes his time, kissing his neck and brushing his hair.
He cums quickly and Sam does his best to swallow it. The angel drops his head on the mattress, panting. Sam molds himself to his side, kissing his neck.
Hundred of years spent in Heaven, hiding his hears ignoring his needs and being told that sex was beneath angels. What a load of bullshit.
It was worth the wait, to see how Dean comes undone with a little help. It took an hour to get him relaxed enough to let go, but now he’s begging, his skin flushed and hair damp.
“My loose, sloppy slut.” Says Castiel with fondness, his low voice rumbling in his chest. “Only happy when he’s filled with cum. Should I find someone else to fuck you ? Alistair does look at you a lot you know.”
He had been scared the first time Lucifer had choked him. Not because of the pain or the difficulty to breathe. No. He had been scared by how much he had liked it. He trusts the blond with his life, Lucifer knows what he’s doing and how to avoid injuries. But still. He wouldn’t tell Dean.
He can’t focus. Charlie is giving him winks and giggles, because she found the story hilarious and she’s happy for him. Time passes slowly and he can’t stop looking at his watch, tapping his fingers nervously on the desk.
Sam wraps an arm around him and goes for it. He feels the orgasm creeping up and it’s frustrating, but he can’t help it. He doesn’t usually cum just from penetration. Thankfully, Sam doesn’t last any longer than him, so at least, he can’t taunt him on this.
Father put a hand on the man’s shoulder. His temperature seemed normal. The doctor said there was nothing he could do, the man would wake up when he felt like it. He wasn’t injured, had no bump on his head. He looked like he was sleeping, as if he had decided to take a nap near the corn field. The doctor asked the group of men who had brought him in to transport him in a bed he kept for urgences. He promised the priest to tell him if there was any news. Everyone left and the doctor made himself dinner, checking from times to times to see if the stranger had moved. He hadn’t. He was very still, apart from his chest rising and falling back. The doctor blew the candles and went to bed.
He can feel wetness between his lips. He always got very wet when he was aroused and it never changed despite the testosterone running through his veins.
Oh. Oh. She remembers Castiel talking about a woman he had helped and a baby. Maybe. She hadn’t paid attention. Well now, that woman has
“I want you.” He says this with a bit of surprise in his voice, as if he too can’t believe what’s happening.
Now after five years, it’s different. John changed his cage, sometimes silicone sometimes steel. Always smaller and smaller. His dick shrank, fitting the smallest models of cage. He doesn’t like to be without it now. It sits on him, light and comforting. It’s a part of him.
Sam is a great boyfriend. Seriously, he’s perfect. And he loves to stuff Lucifer’s ass, with his tongue, his hands, his dick or other things.
So that’s why her heart is beating faster when she sees Lilith approaching, browsing through the shelves. She’s nervous, because… There must be a reason. Maybe she’s afraid of being picked on ? But Lilith has never been known for bullying other girls. Maybe she’s afraid for her, because her skirt is so short that her ass is nearly showing and her breasts look so enticing that … That what ?
He breathes, fighting himself to keep his legs spread. The vulnerable position makes him nervous but it’s Kelly and she only wants to make him feel good. They kiss and she cups his face, rubbing her fingers on his stubble. She kisses him lower and lower, on his nipples, his stomach and finally right above his mound.
“You…and what are you gonna do afterwards ? ” It’s becoming harder to have clear thoughts. “I…I’m not gonna…you think I’ll let you get away with that ?”
He moans, eyes begging for more. Lucifer laughs and shoots his load down his throat. He manages at first, but then he coughs and it dribbles back on his chin.
He offers a hand and Castiel shakes it. His hand is warm and a bit rough. That little contact is already making his heart beat faster. He tries to appear calm and composed.
She rides him slowly, dragging her tight walls around him. He bites his lips to stop the moans getting out of him but it works poorly.
He had been so afraid. But they made it work, somehow. Jack made it. And now, all is good. All, they’re dead. But they had a good life.
There are hands sliding under his shirt and he can’t hold back a moan when Sam’s fingers catch his nipples. His weak point. Of course, the little shit goes for it.
The room is dark when Dean comes in, the pleasant fuzz of tipsiness already gone. He trips on something, nearly colliding into the table. There’s light under the bedroom’s door and when he opens it, he’s greeted by the sight of Castiel, sitting on the edge of the bed. He’s giving him a dark look and it makes his cock twitch.
She’s close suddenly and Kelly feels hot. She can’t leave, it would be very impolite. She doesn’t want to leave. It’s the first time she talks to Lilith.
Then the trenchcoat. He makes it slide off the shoulders, looking at Castiel straight in the eyes. The angel smiles, staying still.
He read aloud some notes on different papers. The doctor had travelled and was in communication with doctors from different countries, with whom he exchanged information. He could feel the doctor’s gaze on him, both awed and suspicious. Castiel knew he had attracted too much attention. He had tried to land in a discreet way, but he had been distracted by Gabriel and had barely managed to keep his new body intact. The archangel last warnings were still in his mind. He was here to help humans, but not too much. His powers would be limited and he shouldn’t tell humans he was an angel. He hadn’t had a lot of missions on Earth. He liked his Father’s creation, but it puzzled him to no end. He never understood how to behave to blend in.
Damn. He loves when Castiel is like that, all serious and dominating. He tells him how his night went, while his ass gets fingered, slowly filling him up without touching his prostate.
Oh no, and he’s nice too. Lucifer would bet he’s a cuddler and would be great at aftercare following a good spanking. His voice is pleasant and he would love to hear it say something else, like Lucifer’s name or whatever sound he makes when he cums.
Then her hand was on his thigh and he was hard. She gave him a hand job in the toilets, biting his neck and squeezing his balls too tight. He had never come that hard.
The description rings a bell, to be honest, because she’s not the only one to say that of Gadreel. He does have a way to be that is quite stiff.
Sam jumps at the voice coming from behind them. He turns and gapes likes a fish. Another Lucifer is looking at him.
The first time they kissed, he felt shaken. It was good. She felt safe. He rarely felt safe. She pushed past his walls and even if it doesn’t come naturally to him, he opens up to her, slowly.
He nods, clutching John’s arm. Dean has no idea of this. He and his father barely tolerate each other, and he’s always venting about him to Castiel. He apologized when he introduced him. And Castiel understands why. John is the heartless, commanding bastard Dean told him about. But he’s also hot. And as much as it hurts to admit it, John sexually satisfies him more than his son. He doesn’t know if it’s just his way or if it’s because of the thrill of cheating, and with such a man, but it’s too good to stop.
and Lucifer is coming apart. His boyfriend is fucking him with a freaking gun and it’s so good he wants to cry. The friction on his dick added to the pressure on his prostate make him tip over the edge very quickly. To be fair, Sam teased him way too long.
He obeys, picking up the pace. Lucifer hisses and he’s sure his hole is sore and tender. Lucifer shouts and he feels his muscles tense, his cock twitching on his stomach. He’s coming dry, and he looks totally wrecked. It’s beautiful.
Everything changed when the day the angel died. Even if a small voice at the back of his day is telling him
She’s pulled up, surprisingly easily given Kelly’s thin frame, and her mouth is assaulted while a hand sneaks in her pants.
The angel is reading a book about werewolves when Sam finds him. He sneaks behind the chair and puts his arms around Lucifer’s neck.
Hot Tall Guy opens his mouth in surprise, blinking. Then he seems to seriously think, tucking a strand of hair behind his hair.
Later, Sam relaxes with Lucifer’s head on his shoulders, hand joined with Nick’s on Lucifer’s hip. He’s already asleep, looking a lot like his brother in his sleep ; calm and soft.
Castiel takes small bites of his. It’s good and warm, and for the first time in a while, he feels at ease, like he’s in the right place. Dean suddenly jumps on his feet and takes two beers in the fridge, flipping one in a hand before giving it to Castiel.
It had turned out that Lucifer never had sex. Had barely watched how it worked. “It didn’t seem interesting, and I didn’t think I would need it one day.” He had said, shrugging.
“You know, I heard about you actually. ” Kelly says, her hand casually brushing Meg’s when they’re walking. “Lucifer did tell me he has a best friend who’s pretty, funny, can win a fight against three guys alone. ” Meg gulps. Good to know he hasn’t totally betrayed her. “And with who he already had threesome. Several times.”
“Fucking finally ! That was torture.” He whines once they’re tucked inbed and he’s wrapped around Sam like an octopus.
“Someone’s eager.” Lucifer manages to say between kisses. Sam pins him down on the bed by the shoulders, a little smile on his face.
“It’s not mine.” He says very quickly. Castiel arches an eyebrow. “Well, I mean, uh, it is. But I don’t, you know, use it.” It sounds more like a question. He wants to disappear.
He’s not surprised by the spanking this time. He protests after a dozen of slaps, the burn becoming uncomfortable. Sam stops and inserts two generously lubed fingers.
He’s encased in her wet heat and his dick twitches, the pressure so good he doesn’t know what to do with himself. He never thought about sex before. He knows how it works, but it never interested him. It’s for humans. It’s beneath him.
Lucifer moans louder, turned on by Sam pinning him down on the bed. He loves it when his lover manhandles him. In real life, he’s always in control, scared of people finding his weaknesses. He would never let someone push him around or make him feel helpless, but with Sam, he revels in it.
Lucifer comes closer and kisses Sam. It’s soft, light. Very different from that night. But he has Lucifer back in his arms and he’ll take what he’s given.
“G’nn c’m.” It’s hard to speak, the words coming out slurred and broken. His vision is going white and he can’t tell of it’s from pleasure or lack of air. His hands roam Lucifer’s skin, anywhere he can touch. “Pl’s.”
His dick is engulfed in tight heat, so wet that it slides right in. He watches Lucifer’s mouth falling open, his eyes rolling just a bit.
He lets go of him and pushes him until he’s flat on the bed, then lowers himself on his back, pumping his hips with force, mouth on his nape.
Castiel runs his hands along his arms, until he reaches his shoulders. Then he touches his chest, spread his palms and pushes Dean until he steps back to the bed, sitting on the edge. He slides in his lap, and take his head between his hands, connecting their foreheads.
He was excited to see the priest and the church. He liked human’s places of cult, radiating holiness and love for God. He hoped this one wasn’t corrupted.
Then Sam had been nervous, because he was responsible of showing Lucifer, fallen angel old of millennia, how sex could be. Lucifer had been insufferable, mocking his hesitation and playing the scared virgin.
Sam laughs and kisses him dirty, so much that Lucifer is debating sucking him off in the kitchen. He goes for his neck and Lucifer swears, shivering.
He eyes Sam like he’s daring him to say something. Which he would like to do if all the blood in his brain hadn’t gone to his dick. The painted blue eyes take in his hard-on. Lucifer’s lips stretch in a lazy smile.
She feels stared at and she looks down, her palms sweating. She has never been scared by other girls before, it doesn’t make sense really.
Sam pushes him flat on his back and removes his shirt, kissing his stomach. He opens his pants and get rid of his own, then lowers his body to Lucifer’s. He’s warm and all muscle, his soft hair framing his face. He’s kind of perfect and it’s not fair. The blond wrinkles his nose and slaps him.
This peace offering, as innocuous and sincere as it may appear- is anything but. If there's anything he's learned over the years, it's that trust is the most dangerous weapon of all, and most are undeserving of it.
“Hey,” Sam holds up his hands, “We’ve got the four of us, we’ve got Crowley’s demon army on our side, and most of all we’ve got Rowena. I think our chances are a little better now than they’ve ever been."
Cas stood then, and moved to put the cassette on his desk. The desk with nothing on it. The empty room with nothing of Cas’ to show he ever lived there aside from the small tv that Dean had brought home for him one day when the angel had spent over a week sitting in Sam’s room staring at his.
It felt different with Cas and he knew why, but he just wasn’t ready to have that conversation with himself.
He shrugs, not really sure what to say to that. A part of him wants to deny his importance, but in doing so he'd also be deny Jimmy's. It's modesty, perhaps. Though a greater part of him thinks it's the knowledge of just how far off the edge he fell after those books ended. The things Claire doesn't even know about.
And this is their life now. A life Castiel never thought he'd be able to have. His life was supposed to end several times over, but he kept coming back because this was meant to be his true ending on this earth. A hunter he pulled from Hell, with too big a heart and too short a fuse. Just a man, who by definition and all accounts should've been no different from the millions of other men who have walked this earth in this angel's lifetime. He just so happened to end up being the most important man in all of creation. Not because he's the righteous man or because he stopped the apocalypse several times over or because he beat God himself. He's important because Castiel fell in love with him somewhere through all of that, when he wasn't supposed to, and in all accounts of fate and the universe, he shouldn't have. But he did. And by some strike of malfunction in the universe's planning, or maybe simply despite it, since Dean Winchester has never given a fuck about the universe's plans... Dean fell for him too. They'd been falling together all along, right beside each other, blindly and completely.
He’s glad at least that Dean seems in decent spirits today. Anytime he’s purely focused on food usually means his mood is improved.
"Yeah, of course. I think we got our witch." Sam turns back to his brother, "You don't remember any of this?"
Cas just nuzzles closer, curling his entire body around Dean's, “Don't...” Cas’ voice is gruff and lust-blown, and
"You're upset that he left you... so now you're ignoring him..." Jack's brow crinkles like he's trying to understand, but doesn't actually understand any of it.
He holds up a hand innocently, shrugging, "Hey, I said I was getting some grub. Just didn't say how far or how long I'd be gone." Grinning, he claps a hand on the table just in time for the waitress to amble over, notepad in hand. Her nametag reads “Dana” with a small heart drawn at the end of the name in purple sharpie.
like the yoga pants, though. When was the last time we were in L.A.? About ten years ago, doing a vengeful spirit? Man, that seems like forever ago. Doesn't it?"
It’s an hour out from sunrise when John stumbles his way out of his room, duffel in hand and reeking of whiskey. He spots Cas and Dean sitting on the rear of the Impala and scoffs, shaking his head as he turns toward his truck parked just a few spots down.
"His name is Ishim. Before I, uh, commanded my own flight of angels, my own battalion, I served under him with Benjamin."
crosses his arms against the slight morning chill, peering around. If he's realized his father's departure, he gives no indication of bother from it, "Dean's still sacked out-"
Its tower raches its peak at a harsh point, various similar adornments sharply mimicking on several corners of the building. The place was probably nice once, but the closer they get the more he can see it's been let go with time- paint chipping and flaking off beneath the gutters, untreated mold crawling up one side where the rain's clearly drained off the roof for years and created its own shapen crevice there.
"Lily Sunder." Ishim says, even, emotionless, "She was a professor of Apocalyptic Literature. Studied angels, speaks fluent Enochian. I took mercy on her by letting her live..."
Some footfalls, slow and precise, but heavy. Same as any old hunter who's passed through all day. Maybe this one's ducking back in after a smoke break.
pull back. He looks back up to Cas. The look on the angel's face erases all thoughts of flight, because right there he sees deep blue eyes drawn so openly in uncertainty and worry over Dean's reaction that Dean softens his eyes, tightens his fingers around the angel's grip and turns back to the road.
Gail chants, holding a large book out in front of herself, circling the room, and the figure crumpled in the center of it all- back dripping with smeared blood and thin, dark slashes.
While the woman is shrieking in grief over her dead friend, Cas uses the moment to his advantage, reaching up and grabbing her shoulders. He digs in his grip and bends forward, launching her up and over, into the dirt in front of him where Dean finishes her off. Dean hands over the angel blade and Cas nods his thanks, both men out of breath.
"Well, we're working on that." He nods, offering a small smile, "Now, the day she died, was Olivia acting strange?"
The two meet in the lobby of an upscale hotel downtown where the altercation occurred just a couple of days before. And Tommy, a middle-aged man donning a great deal of jewelry and light hair long enough to dangle in his eyes, greets him with tired eyes, a strong handshake, and a whiskey fisted in one hand.
"Hey, hey," Dean keeps his voice a near whisper, but Cas hears him, head tiredly drifting towards the sound, "Come on."
It's a cold breath of air that chills down his spine at the realization, once again, of how little John regards him. How much of a throwaway piece in his own life his eldest son came to be.
Dean appears to be on the same wavelength. He won't be trying to kill them today, but also won't be joining them.
Sam swallows that down. That fleeting, long ago grief- cause today was different. He didn't lose him this time.
Both of them latched onto a mission in all the wrong ways, all in the name of someone once wholly loved. Salvation and ruin, never a finer line.
"It's the next state over. Only a few hours, so..." He trails off, then pipes up a few seconds later suddenly, "This is weird, right?"
Father Penn responds the same way everyone does to Sam's kind siren call: by relaxing, and answering honestly. Finally feeling like he's being listened to and not attacked or prodded.
The other two men reach for their own weapons- as good as Sam is, he's not about to disarm them both or go for the kill. He holds out his hands as both men step meaningfully towards him.
What was odd then, too- when they next picked up Cas and Meg from the mental hospital, Dean had been driving yet another car. And a different one a few weeks after that.
Penn shuffles his feet before leaning in and whispering, "You'll think I'm lying, like my bishop, like everyone. But I knew Olivia. She was a good person." He lowers his voice and flicks his eyes around to the parishioners, making sure they won't overhear, "I watched her get flayed alive by some invisible force. That was the devil's work.
Please subscribe so you get updated once it's all completed. :) I'll also post about it on my tumblr if you wanna give a follow to waffles-for-brunch & tiktok @summerania
Dean shakes his head, one hand firm on the top of the wheel, "Impeach LOTUS and find Rosemary's Baby."
Cas nods, arms crossed on the bartop. Blatantly ignoring the fact that he has no understanding of why John would even want to meet him here in the first place.
"Wait, wait, wait, wait." Dean mumbles, focusing intently on his little figure speaking to someone just outside of the camera's range.
He keeps bumping into Sam, dodging from individuals passing rapidly on a patch of pavement where there's not nearly enough room, and he ends up people watching for a time. He sees a couple mothers with their toddlers, and business men with stern faces and sweating through thin suits. Regular folks just milling about.
After a lengthy span of dead air, Sam reaches a long arm between them and turns down the radio. He blows air from his cheeks, adjusting in his seat and running an anxious hand through his hair before finally finding his words.
"You think-" She cuts herself off, exhaling, and lowers the blades- taking several slow steps to close the distance between them.
With a parting wink, he vanishes- finally plummeting the evening in well-earned silence. A silence filled with nothing but the suffocating isolation of black coming in from every angle. Punctuated only by a dim red glow from the
Dean clicks his tongue, taking in a sharp breath through his teeth, "Alright. You got your ideas, I got mine. You both wanna go on and scan the farm for EMF, you go right ahead. Go team. I'm on Beth."
Well, so can humans. Of all the times Cas has pulled some questionable shit, it's always been him just trying to do the right thing. Every time. Cas is
as Cas' pillow is placed gently beside Dean's head. The angel shifts, too, slowly sinking to lay in the empty space left between dean and the couch. He seems careful not to touch Dean at all, just settling beside him mere inches away. Dean can feel his eyes on him.
Cas looks at him all nice and understanding and Dean just looks at his hands, trying to gather up the words that have been floating around in his head for weeks so he can say just one coherent sentence in response. Just one that's maybe even a fraction of the nice things that Cas says about him. But he just sits there unable to come up with anything at all. He's not a words man. He's an action man. So all the words just keep floating around and Cas is endlessly patient while the silence keeps weighing down between them. Eventually, Dean looks back at Cas and takes in his gaze, which says everything about how much he
He'd left the keys in the cab, so Dean hops one leg onto the front seat of the truck, his other foot planted firmly in the dirt, and tries the keys. The truck flares to life. He revs on the gas a few times, hearing it rumble and nodding affirmingly, then clicks it off.
latched onto Dean's soul in the pit. And that explosion destroyed that piece, leaving a gaping, agonizing hole somewhere inside Castiel, collapsing his chest in on itself to a slow but certain death.
"The thing inside you, it's unholy." Cas crosses behind Dean, sifting through a couple of drawers on the dresser until finding and pulling out a bible, "It's an abomination."
." He draws out the last syllables, and this time Cas really doesn't know what he's getting on about. At this point it doesn't even matter. He's done with this whole conversation. It's only going to end in manipulation and aggravation.
Dean thinks there might be movement on the other side of the glass so he pauses, staring at it. But it's just a couple exiting through the front, giggling with arms linked. A quick glimpse through the crack in the door and he's not able to see much of anything- which does nothing to calm his nerves.
"Sweet, sweet time alone?" Dean raises his brows, pursing his lips, a smile hiding below the surface.
Dean can't remember monsters are real, or that he knows how to use a gun- but he remembers Cas enough to know he knows him, then seeing a handprint on a tree immediately springs him to mind. Seems like there's things buried below the surface- the important things maybe, and then the rest-
"Aw, crap." Dean mutters, peering into the rear mirror and slowing to a stop on the edge of the road. It's a backroad in Indiana, so of course it's virtually empty- save for the policemen. Which seems fairly odd, even if he's not all that familiar with standard police procedure.
He holds up a hand, firmly placing himself in the chair, "Better than that rock you've got down the hall- and 's not like I'm gonna be sleepin' in it. So just shut up, take your damn shoes off, and lay down."
," Crowley drawls in a scandalized tone, "Doing some late night phone canoodling after daddy left for work, were we?"
"How about a little coffee with that sugar?" Dean stares him down, all pretense of a humored smile gone.
Perhaps, like most things, the Winchesters activities in recent years sparked it, but mostly Cas simply doesn't trust their motives. Dean would say it's 'trusting your gut', but Cas prefers to think of it as simply trusting instincts. He's learned they're essentially the same thing, though.
"Right." John stands, his chair scraping dry across the floor, highlighting the silence as he pads over to the whiskey bottle someone had abandoned atop a bookcase- probably when the world was ending. He grabs the bottle, and the two glasses beside, filling each when he settles back in his seat.
"No, I'd only get in your way. Besides, I don't entirely trust your newfound tolerance of me." He tilts his head, "No offense."
Dean looks down at his chest as though he's gonna see something too, but it's just shirt there beneath an angel's hand.
Someone's getting broken up with very publicly- in front of the whole family, from the looks of it. He can't exactly tell- it's in Spanish. A lot of tears, and yelling, and overly-dramatic camera push-ins.
"How was that funeral?" Crowley asks, raising his eyebrows, "I didn't get an invite. Must've gotten lost in the mail."
Cas only huffs and falls back against the pillow, clasping his hands over his chest. He can't see his eyes but they're definitely still open.
It's just then, in the middle of that thought, time nearly freezes. Or, less freezes, more collapses in on itself- because a heavenly white light flashes from exactly where Cas is. A bright white light already seared in his brain from so many angels slaughtered in front of his eyes over the years, including the most important angel of all of them. Dean remembers the exact image of Cas' eyes and mouth glowing white, a blade sinking into his chest and back out as his body drops to the ground... and imagines that exact image again just out of his reach.
touching him now. He loves the little things, the gentle caresses, the soft kisses in passing. He had to work up to those, like everything else, but one day it all just came to a head and Dean just couldn't
"Okay." He sighs, eyes roaming about the woods surrounding. The woman with the red hair bounces on ahead, head bobbing rapidly in the dark, only illuminated every now and again by moonlight filtering through patchy breaks in the trees.
"Back- listen, back there-" he shuffles in place, "I didn't mean you're like Ishim. To Cas. That was-"
wouldn't understand, but I've been a king. Having people look at you like you're everything, knowing that once they buy in, you can make them do anything, it's intoxicating."
Crowley takes the lead, toeing up to the front door with exaggerated tip-toes on the wooden porch like he expects each board to creak under his weight. Only one does.
He loves Cas' smile. He doesn't even know where that's coming from but... maybe, just... it's so infrequent. The angel's almost shy about it, so it's nearly a reward in itself when Dean manages to fish one out of him.
I've done horrible things, and I told myself it was fine. It was the price of power. And power's what matters, right? Then I met God and his sister." Rowena circles the table, coming up against Dean's side and settling there, "The two most powerful beings in the universe, wasting away on squabbling with each other. I thought, if- if
Big beam of light or whatever, pond's just a tiny pond. Us? We get the little things and they feel a lot bigger."
"You get it's probably not forever, though, right?" Sam's leg bounces beside his wringing hands, "So,
Sam's thing is, he pretends to be judgmental but really beneath all that he's housing a whole burden of worry carried on those two lumbering shoulders.
Should- should he move? Should he unwrap himself and never speak of this again? Is this something Dean
"Uhm..." Alex chuckles, giving him a pointed look, "Preaching to the choir. The crap you've done is the crap you've done. Stories like ours? It's more about who you are at the end of it."
"You know," he swallows, "I've seen my brother die, but watching him become... not him..." he scoffs, shaking his head, "This might actually be worse."
him, I will call you." He sighs, looking directly to Dean, "In the meantime, I think you're needed here."
He hears Cas rise on the other end, opening a door, and imagines him sitting in some hotel somewhere hours south of them, sitting on the stoop and looking up at this very sky.
"But I know you." Cas places a tentative hand on Dean's chest, barely touching him, frowning down like he's wishing he could just heal up Dean's messed up soul held together with scotch tape and paperclips, same way he heals up a busted knee or stab to the gut. "There's no one more deserving to know they're cared for."
She takes the seat at the end of the table beside Cas, and Claire plops down beside Kaia, giving her a swift peck on the cheek before overloading her pancakes in syrup and digging in. Cas takes the syrup next and slowly drizzles it in a swirl, mimicking Claire’s action. He nearly drowns them too but Dean holds out a hand to stop him. When Cas looks up questioningly, Dean just shakes his head, takes the syrup, and slides it down to Jody.
In purgatory he only ever prayed earlier in the day when he'd been having a particularly hard one. Sometimes he even begged Cas to find him, to come back to him. Those times were hardest to keep his distance.
"Yes, I'm on the episode with the whales. You know, they've actually managed to understand the intonations of their conversations quite well-"
Cas, however, seems to ignore him for the time being, his shoes padding rapidly to Dean's side. He plants a hand on Dean's shoulder, grip unnecessarily firm- though that might be cause Dean's still slightly hunched over, bracing for attack.
The sound dies down, fading to a low whine, then nothing at all. Dean blinks. Once, twice into the black.
"So you really don't remember anything?" Sam says, that half-smile on his mouth like he already knows Dean's a bullshitter.
"Yes." Sam nods, firm, pulling the two of them to a stand at the same time, "Here, let's, uh, let's get you some water- here-"
Cas pokes the short stack, and watches the way Claire cuts off a piece with her fork before he mimics that action, too. She notices him copying her and smiles like she’s holding in a laugh.
thing. You'd rather pick a fight with Dean over the friends we keep than try for a second to think that maybe things are just different from how they used to be. To... give us a chance and maybe realize that not every monster we come across is... just a monster."
"Why?" Dean's voice cracks, and he hates it, "Why's it always gotta be me? What'd you even save me for, man?"
"Yeah, you know what I like about him?" Cas shoots back with a matching frustration, "Is that he's sarcastic,
Dean's eyes crinkle a little more at the corners each year despite the fact he doesn't smile nearly as much as he used to. When Dean smiles, it's nothing short of grace dipping its toe in humanity and shining through, reaching out to tangle with Cas' like two souls drawn together across time. If such a thing is possible. He's starting to think it might be.
"I don't know." Cas admits, "To my knowledge you've barely addressed Dean's birthday for much of his life."
Alex improves the whole morning by walking a large mug of coffee across the living room and passing it to him with a grin. He widens his eyes and takes it gratefully.
They hang out. Like friends. Cause that's what friends do. It's not Dean's fault he's never really had very many. The ones he does have... he likes to keep close. They're important. And Cas is his
Dean moves to follow him, but it's Cas that stops him this time, a gentle hand held square on his chest. Firm and unmoving.
Cas half-smiled, and nodded, setting the beer back on the counter. “I suppose you’re right. You might take your own advice as well.”
He's fine with dying, he really is. He just hopes he can see Cas one last time before the timer runs out.
In a sense, he feels sorry for the man. Losing someone who you love so entirely and so dearly in such a violent manner... a soulmate... that can scar a soul from that day on. It is not very frequently seen that a mated pair through heaven's design perishes in such a way. Though, it does happen. In his case, it was
"Kelly what's wrong?" Through the wall, he hears the muffled words of the devil wearing the President like a coat.
Ishim lands the next blow- but it doesn't phase her for too long before she's back in it, throwing a slash towards his chest. He catches her wrist the last moment, twisting with an audible
Trenchcoat billowing at his thighs, the man drops Dean's hand and charges into the house- the thick wooden door clanking heavily against the wall behind it. Dean's hot at his heels, that gun clasped between his fingers growing heavy and slick with sweat.
The door is unlocked when he tries the handle and swings it open- to an empty room. His chest constricts the same moment his phone rings.
." He grumbles, and stands, walking to the sink for something to do, and starts washing out his mug, "So that's it."
should have that type of power over life or death. And no parent, certainly, should have a say over it like they're Holy echo chambers for God's will.
Faith. That word should be a poison, but faith to Dean stopped being faith in some God or some entity of righteousness in the universe a long time ago. At some point, faith just came about believing in his family. Believing in Cas.
They wait for the cover of nightfall to make a move on the farm, Dean staying back to try his hand with Beth. Something about it doesn't feel right, but there's not a doubt in Sam's mind that Magda is the key to all of this.
"Bacon cheeseburger, extra bacon, medium, with fries." He hands off the laminated menus that neither of them had even glanced at, and she tucks them under her arm, "One for my friend, too." He pauses, peeking over Cas's shoulder, squinting at something a second, then turning back to the waitress, pointing briefly to the corner, "Give her the same. On me."
Kaia giggles, and Dean doesn't hear the rest of their conversation. He's too busy hearing nothing but white noise and hoping his heated face can be explained away by the flames dancing in front of it. He lets Cas keep looking at him, and lets him keep standing so close. But just because Cas likes it. Not because Dean does.
Reluctantly, he slides his palm from her mouth but still cups it around her chin- in case she tries again to subdue him with any sort of hasty spellwork.
When they arrive on the scene, that's where he heads first, staring up at the stained markings of broken feathers.
A woman's voice brings him out of this fog- coming up from behind and approaching. He turns, finding he's actually on some kind of trail.
Cas frowned at that comment but drew his gaze back down to the tape. Dean realized that maybe came out a bit more bristly than he meant, and backtracked, “I mean, it’s fine. Not my style, but hey. Zeppelin just kind of means something in the family so.. just.. uh, yeah.”
"I can no longer return to the empty." Cas says easily, "Jack made sure of it. I'm more trouble than it's worth, it turns out."
Sam laughs and Dean tosses a piece of chicken from the center of the table at him. John looks between them, still smiling, though more strained than before.
Dean didn't see him, of course. Neither did Benny, who'd stuck by a few feet away keeping lookout with a pained look on his face, trying very hard not to show Dean that he could hear him. It was clear they were allies, that Dean was safe. Whether he was okay, though, was something else entirely.
"Come midnight, a Winchester goes bye-bye." Billie sounds far too chipper at the sentiment, drawing out each word with a devilish pleasure, "Like, permanently. And that is something I've been looking forward to for a long time."
Jody enters first, peering around, and a woman dressed in all black, pearls, and thick dark glasses, holding an empty glass- raises her voice, "Jody!" She draws out her name lovingly, and pulls Jody into a warm hug, "Oh, Jody. Thanks for coming."
"Dean Winchester," Dean turns on his heel, a dark-haired English woman stands in all black, hands linked behind her back, a cocky smile plastered on her face, "I presume."
There's a lot Dean could say right then to how of all three of John Winchester's sons, he's the least of them. Since he was four years old, he's merely been John's soldier. His trusty gun. A son by word and by blood, but that's as far as it's ever gone.
It's the right call. He knows this. He also knows, however, that he could easily dispatch each of these men with hardly an effort. Of course, then, the singular thought that gives him pause is the probability of a stray bullet centering in on either of the brothers.
"You drive a hard bargain." He smiles, clearly intrigued, and holds out the device, "You have our number."
He chuckles, "Sure, we'd love to come in." Dean gives her a half-hug, a kiss on the cheek in greeting. Coming up behind him, Sam does the same.
Usually when Cas is around they'll enjoy the serenity together for a little while. Sam'll make a little bit extra coffee and bring a cup out to the library where Cas is lounging in one of the chairs, poring through some book and waiting for them to wake. He usually pretends he's been reading something actually scholarly, but- Sam's gone for groceries with Dean- he knows how many of those cheap pocket romance novels his brother buys for the guy.
"Come on, come on, come on..." he mumbles under his breath, eyes pinched closed until abruptly separating the phone from his ear and disconnecting the call, "Yeah, he's not answering."
Without any hesitation, Dean reaches out and grabs Cas' hand, just as Rowena ordered. He doesn't thread their fingers together or anything, it's palm cupped with palm- the kind of intimacy a child would find comfort in. Which is essentially what this is- Dean at his barest most childlike state, unaffected by all that's occurred to burden him with heavy shoulders this young in life.
Dean smacks his hand away. The guy is nearly passing out already from killing the vamp, there's no way in hell he's letting him heal a papercut. Sam and Eileen are wildly signing to one another in the back seat, and the fact that Sam quickly averts his gaze in the rearview every time Dean catches his eye means they're probably talking about him. That just annoys him even more.
He pours the next packet of sugar into the mug, and it's more of a mountain of white powder than it is a cup o' joe anymore.
Just like Sam, he's flung across the coffee table before he's even a foot away from her. She flings him without so much as a touch.
"Okay, first- Sam named it that. Second," He pauses, trying to find the words, but notices Jody end her call and turn to approach them. "it just
Maybe it was always the ultimatum of it all- assuming because you're trying your best, then maybe you're owed even a fraction back in return.
Unsure how else to respond to Claire, he slides back and sees Dean has responded- and is clearly frustrated with him.
And maybe that's Dean's fault more than dad's half the time. Cause, sure, dad would skip out and make them both worry- but it was consistent. Dean would skip out and he'd say he'd be right back, but return the next morning without memory of the night before, or with a ribcage full of bruises... or even worse he'd slide back in in the middle of the night fucked up on something and covered in scrapes.
And, well, isn’t that the gist of it? Because if Cas cares about him so much, what does that mean? It bodes terrible for Cas- the angel broken down and fallen because of a guy like him.
This child, however... it creates an entirely new set of problems that none of them have even an ounce of understanding how to face. The situation is entirely unheard of. The offspring of an archangel? Lesser angels have succeeded in fathering nephilim in the past, of course. Creatures born with dangerous enough capabilities... but an archangel's power paired with the genetics of Lucifer?
"You couldn't show a kindness to your children on a single day in their childhoods, but now you call me-
Things like this hit him most when he least expects it. They've lived in the bunker for years now, and it's been their home all that time but it's those little things that really make it home. Sam finding a spot to hide his own kitchenware for special occasions... it's just so domestic and
"Hey!" Sam shouts, both brothers pulling the weapons from their waists the same instant a kick lands in Cas' middle, sending him careening into the side of the building.
They've set up shop in a couple of motel rooms joined at the center through joint double doors. Rowena plants herself at a tabletop in one of them, sifting through a number of ingredients for her part of the plan.
"Alright. 450 miles to L.A." Dean blows air out of his cheeks, staring out at the blacktop, the thin white lines passing their tires, barely illuminated by the lights.
Not five seconds later the slue of hunters whip out personal flashlights or tap on the light of their cells.
." He swipes a hand down his face, glancing over his shoulder before continuing, "Christ, I feel like an asshole saying that, but... that's why it's so... shitty. I don't know."
Cas folds his fingers over Crowley’s in a steel grip just in time, lowering their hands. Crowley relinquishes with an exaggerated roll of his eyes, and Cas steps up in front of him, holding Wendy's gaze, "The thing that healed you, that wasn't your brother."
Dean is, and Dean just doesn't know what to do with that. It's too much. And his first instinct is to write it all away as a lie or an exaggeration but he can't... not when Cas is looking at him like
Mostly quiet, they head the direction of home. Dean tries to think up what to say to the man, but keeps coming up blank- his head suddenly empty of any and all thought whatsoever. What do you even say to a man who'd been dead not an hour ago because he'd sold his soul for your life? it's a little too heavy for casual conversation. That's one thing about his father, too- the man can hold his silence. Doesn't bother him one bit. He observes, taking in a situation without giving an inch or tapping anxiously or fidgeting with the radio. Of which Dean is doing plenty enough for the both of them.
He continues to the truck without a look back. Cas follows, tone mocking, "No, actually, I think it's
And now here Dean is angling his phone slightly away from his father and brother simultaneously so they won't see these texts at all. Not an easy feat considering Sam's on his right and Dad's on his left.
"The status of one's otherness doesn’t correlate with their status as 'good' or 'bad'. There are demons with capacity for goodness, and angels with a proclivity for evil. From experience, neither of our bearings on the spectrum has much to do with our relationships with which side of the war we find ourselves on and why.” He pauses, “Our stance doesn’t change what weakens us any more than it would you."
Maybe this curse was the universe giving him that little break. Saying, 'hey, it's not as great as you make it out to be.'
"I made that call then, I'd still make it now. He coulda gone darkside, and what then? Who else was left to take care of it? If Sam had to be taken out, it had to be you, Dean."
"He's the demon!" Loraine screeches, pointing at Dean and shakily holding her drink up against her chest like it might protect her.
The interviewer continues, "A lot of people are saying your style of rock could never make a comeback in today's landscape- what do you say to them?"
"You got news on Lucifer?" Sam raises his voice louder than he really needs to, like he always does.
Everything that happened to Cas was on Dean. He knew it didn’t make sense to put that on his own shoulders but he did it anyway.
That means nothing, though. He stands motionless, listening to every creak of the pipes, any possible loose floorboard or slip of feet... Nothing. John appears to be doing the same, standing in place where he’d paused at the bottom of the stairs.
Cas doesn't touch the burger- that's for Dean- but he does pick at some fries, popping one in his mouth every now and again when someone might look over.
Cas pulls himself to his feet, stepping in closer. As a sign of trust, or remorse maybe. Dean, however, stiffens at the movement- at the closing of distance between the angel and his potential death-bringer.
But that sober, fucked part of his brain- that same part that's pulled that tape out and shoved it back in the drawer several times over for weeks. The part that crumpled up a dozen different scrawled out notes figuring out the perfect lineup of songs. The part that nearly destroyed the thing when he'd finally managed to finish it. That part? Says hell no.
"Wait..." Sam might as well have been stabbed across the table. His face contorts in a series of emotions, settling on tempered rage, struggling to keep his voice even, “You- you
"Yeah, it's- It's great having the band back together again," Vince gleams a smile at the camera, "In the studio, feeling pumped. Haven't felt this fired up in ages."
"Yeah, whatever," Dean doesn't look at him, just readjusts the pillows, picking one up to shove the gun under and slam down again.
"Hey," He raises his brows, spreading his arms wide, "We're just a couple of guys. The bosses get bigger, we can't just go hopping in with pea-shooters and pig-stickers. You need the big guns? You gotta make some calls that ain’t easy. I don't like it either but it's how it's gotta be."
And Cas- head hanging, face contorted in the type of pained grief that comes from a genuine place- Dean softens his voice.
That would definitely mean her spirit latched onto something portable. Hopefully nothing worn by any of the family.
A figure pads into the kitchen from behind and Dean turns, met with the face of an angel, dark locks of wet hair tangled loosely on his forehead with bright blue eyes shining below. The borrowed clothes hang loosely off his frame, though tug more snugly around the shoulders than Dean's. Underneath that trenchcoat, Cas sure has been holding something back. Those clothes really never did do him justice.
"Not to mention," He continues, looking at Cas, "I powered down all the wardings in this shack so your attack dog could come in."
It's the first time they've even spoken since whatever it was that happened a few mornings ago. But even with that in mind as to a possible consideration why Dean might be acting this way,
This angel, face pinched in a kind of uncalm resolution, unable to meet his friend's eye because he knows he just admitted to something he can't take back.
"She offered me a hundred grand," Marion says, sighing, like it's obvious that anyone at all would take that bribe if offered, despite a man's life hanging in the balance.
Magda drags the whip out in front of herself, switching to her opposite side, and hurls the leather strap again- a thin snap sounding alongside the girl's shriek of pain as the strips connect with broken flesh.
John left Cas alone at the bunker a few days ago, mumbling something about a hunt in Louisiana. It wasn't like either of them had even been speaking much in the first place so he just let him. It seemed like a John thing to do- leave his sons on the backburner when they need him most.
Cas rolls his eyes with a heavy sigh, "Fine, then. Assuming you truly do have no hand in this... thank you. For... caring."
"No. I mean, I always said we'd go out all Butch and Sundance, but, truth is... I never wanted that. Not for him at least. Just figured that's the way the cards drew for us, no use getting upset about it. Now, with everything winding down... I want him to get out."
When he steps outside, Cas is leaning against the side of the Impala, hands in his pockets. He catches Dean's eye as he approaches.
"No, you were right. I should never have left them. I..." he frowns at the counter, "Have you heard anything?"
"Release them." Cas growls, low, staring the man down and bringing his grace to come forward, eyes glowing blue, "Or I burn you where you stand."
They no longer live a hunter's life, but these boys still collect their moments as though they do, and cherish every one.
"What... what happened? Where- where are you?" His disbelief rises to defiance as the words come out.
"Hey, hold up." Elvis pats a hand on his back as he passes, and Dean turns at the touch, "How did you-"
God knows that’s what Cas does. Makes it a lot easier to just be yourself and not care if you’re doing things the “right way” when you’ve got someone like Cas around who doesn’t give two shits about the right way of anything.
"Can't blame a girl for tryin'." She says, nose scrunched, cheeks stiff and stuck in the same unmoving grin- eyes flashing red.
"Things ever cool down, after Lucifer... Maybe you should think about it again," He squeezes Cas' knee, then drops his hand, "Go after something
John looks at Cas like he's a nuke waiting to explode, and he's studying him for any weaknesses he might be able to use later on down the road. How Cas is acting right now sure doesn't help with that, but John also doesn't know Cas like Dean does.
He didn't exactly see himself painting a white picket fence back in those days... but it was still something in the back of his mind, something he figured
of your watch lists." He raises his brows, shoving his hands in his pockets with a playful shrug, "Can't even have a conversation with you."
running interference on whatever the hell this is today... cause Dean's a coward where it counts and just left this implication heavy in the air, pocketing a mixtape in his best friend's coat when he wasn't looking. He can't say for certain, but if Cas' face is any indication, that's
"That's not calm," Sam snorts, watching a pink light flash several times on the second floor, Rowenas chanting intensifying, "It's just... knowing panicking can make it worse, so you don't."
"No, Dean. Look, the morgue opens in, like, ten minutes." He flicks his wrist, checking his watch as Dean takes down his last gulp of coffee.
Cas has his back to Dean, seated closest the doorway. Dean beelines for the empty seat beside him, ruffling the angel’s hair in greeting as he passes. Cas looks up, hair tousled messily across his forehead. Dean tries not to smile so widely at the image, but fails. God, he’s so clearly and incredibly in love with him.
"This was frowned upon, of course, but it wasn't truly a crime deemed so punishable. His true crime... he'd created a nephilim. This was... it was completely forbidden. Dangerous. We barely knew of their power, but we knew it was immense and... the child," he shakes his head, "It couldn't be allowed to survive. To grow into it.
Beth exhales, pursing her lips, "Not really. I mean... she was getting headaches. Bad ones, like super migraines. But we all knew she was working too hard."
It's looking at a person in the way you only can when someone means so much to you, watching them when they don't know you're looking is somehow the most intimate entanglement the two of you can have. A silent appreciation free of any connotation.
Just... looking in the eyes of another parent who... seals their child's fate in such a cold, emotionless certainty.
He heads for the door and pauses the last second, just after the bell chimes, to look back at her. She's quite young, can't be much older than Claire, either.
"Alright, let's get this wheel on." Abraham says, stepping up beside Dean to the support beam, "On three. One, two,
"We've had to do some… bad things through the years to get by- no arguing that. But we saved a lot of people doing it. Like
fully able to take care of herself, but... if- if anyone causes you trouble tonight, you know where I'll be."
He raises the gun, held solid between both hands, and aims for the man's chest best he can manage- the man stops in his tracks on the landing, seeing this, and says nothing. Maybe... because he trusts Dean?
one, "I- I know we haven't had it easy lately. This thing with the devil's kid, and our crap with dad, and- and getting tossed into the West Guantanamo makes me wanna crawl into a bottle, too sometimes, but... dude, you're wrecked. And we got a case to work, so get it together, alright?"
circling through his mind over and over and over- each thought on what exactly that could mean being worse than the last.
The twins and Loraine stand off on the edge of the fray, trading looks in a similar state to Dean- just trying to read the room for the truth, and brace for anyone at all to attack.
He tugs open the drawer to the nightstand, fingers easily clawing their way to the bottom where he's buried the tape there to collect dust. He'd added the label yesterday, sitting alone in his room for the first time in weeks, feeling the walls closing in and having to talk himself out of just saying
"But, Cas, at the end of the day, it's a mom and her kid." Dean pauses, "I mean, do you- do you think you'll be able to..."
He raises his mug in a mock cheer, "I don't often agree with Crowley but, hey. We gotta watch some of the classics, though.
She's incredibly strong considering what she's gone through in this one day alone. It's commendable at that. She's not a hunter or a soldier. She was never raised to believe in any of this- and yet she's aided in the fight at great risk to not only herself but the man she loves. Now she's here- with a stranger- one she knows to not be human himself...
Lily nods, stiffly, that unshed tear streaming a small path down the length of her cheek, "Thank you."
"Don't get me wrong, you're right, Dean's gotta get over his shit first… But, man, you gotta get over yours too."
"No-" Dean stops the cart. "Aren't you like omniscient or something now? Can't you just figure out the answer to it yourself?"
“Mornin’ sunshine.” Dean grins, acting like everything is normal. Acting like his heart rate didn't just completely spike out of his chest. Acting like this morning isn't different from all the other mornings before he knew what Cas tasted like. Nope. Everything is
anything more to say. Not right now. He can't just forgive him right then and there after all that, even though he does. Despite everything, he always seems to forgive Cas. And he can't say anything about the rest of what happened in the dungeon that day... That's a conversation for later-Dean and later-Cas. Because they get to have that now. A later.
"Alright," Dean nods along, cogs working. These guys aren't like their average joes working on the sidelines. They're smart. They bend the rules to their advantage... hunters with money. Political, almost. "I don't know. You know, check... real-estate offices. See if anybody bought a place or rented a place. I mean, these people had a freakin' plane. Maybe they do things legit."
opened up- because it's tainted by this other knowledge that's come with it. The entire reason. The fear, the repression, the self-loathing and... Dean's barely able to admit to
They sit in silence for a minute, breath low on either end. The wind is starting to pick up, but it feels nice, and he likes the sound of it brushing through the leaves on the edge of the parking lot. Dean yawns, a deep rumbling thing, phone still right up against his face. The scruff on his chin scratches up against the mic.
"I mean, it's your grace, right?" Cas makes a face and Dean just shakes his head, giving him a look, "Don't lie to me, man. Since when do you get cold? Just- be straight with me. You're not dying, are you?"
Dean responds quickly but Cas ignores it, the phone left abandoned on his chest. Crowley's gotten in his head.
Dean lets out a breath, brushing himself off grumpily, looking at no one. "No, he hopped a ride in the 'Master of Butt Rock'. Vince Vincente."
and awaiting the return of Vince's bandmates. The receptionist assured they'd been expected back any minute now, and sure enough, the troupe of men- sans Vince- meander around the corner after not too long.
"It's both, I think." Sam says finally, nodding, brow furrowed, "But I think that's also... just the life we lead. We... we have to care- to
The thick wooden door groans beneath his palms, rusted hinges barely muted with his slow movements. He peers around the room, eyes landing on nothing at first, then he locks on Cas sitting on the sofa, leaning into his hand with his eyes screwed shut.
mission. And now you're butt-buddies with another, and sharing a roof with something else that's riding around in a dead man's skin? You act like that's nothing. Like I should just take it in stride-"
Cas goes back to Dean's room, bringing the laptop with him, hoping that maybe sitting amongst Dean's space might make any of those words make any amount of sense.
smart. But you don't give him a chance. You don't give me the benefit of the doubt. You don't listen-"
Dean realizes then, they hadn’t even hugged since John got back. Not once. It’s been a decade since his dad pulled him in and hugged him… and against all the caution and all the fear that surrounds John’s sudden reappearance, this hits him
”I know how much you went hungry cause of me and when you had to steal shit. I know- I know what you had to do when the motel was gonna give us the boot cause we didn’t have enough for another week," Sam's eyes go that puppydog hue he always seems to know how to turn right on, "Did you think I wouldn’t find out at some point?"
Dean has no idea how to act around Cas now and it shows. It starts at breakfast when he stomps in at the crack of dawn where everyone else is already awake for God knows what reason, and here Dean shows up in the same clothes as yesterday with rampant morning breath.
"Women with their throats ripped out, the blood drained?" He turns forward again, "I saw it on the news and I thought, that's the sort of thing Sam and Dean would investigate. They would roll into town, save the day, kill the monsters. But with them gone..."
Cas slams the car's door with his exit, diverting the attention to himself. At the very least he figures he could provide a distraction by getting shot by these strangers while the Winchesters levee a handle up again.
Dean's grip on the gun in his hands tightens, eyes shifting from side to side. Blonde's lips are moving as Cas continues forward, her breathy mumblings cut off with a shrill scream of absolute terror,
"Yeah, but, I mean, so was Asa." He shrugs, "Then a hunt went bad, and he ended up hanging from a tree, alone in the woods."
The crowd is starting to thin, less children running about and more teenagers on dates holding hands for the first time and stealing kisses in dark corners.
"He might live or he might just end up a bloody smear on the wall." Ishim smiles like he already knows. Hell, maybe he does. According to him, Dean's Cas' human weakness- but Cas is Dean's, too. "Roll the dice."
A figure shifts from behind a pillar in the library, and swings out at his approach, brandishing a small pistol. The man is older, dark hair and a peppered scruff around his chin, with green eyes.
"I haven't found anything on these surveillance cameras," Dean says, phone to his ear, staring down at the same screen that's been giving him a headache for hours, "I mean, it's like they just disappeared. How about you? Any of the local beat cops see anybody that shouldn't be there?"
He just doesn't know how to tell Cas of all people why some guys might have an issue with... this. Dean doesn't have a single issue. It's in his silent file of rules he's aptly named
"Do you know how often I sat there and watched that phone ring out- it took everything out of me not to pick up and beg you to come around.
know that, because then it's not just Dean's thing that happened. It happened to Sam, too. And he can't ignore it anymore- like he has since the last twenty dollar bill he took from a calloused, grease-stained hand out back a rest-stop in west Texas.
With a resolved nod, she turns back to the altar, looking up at the cross, and takes a deep breath. Not even a moment later the cross tilts from side to side a few times, then lifts up into the air, floating.
Cas must look surprised at such a concise description because Dean just rolls his eyes at that, taking a final bite of his burger, "Hey, I can be... introspective."
Jack breaks the silence again on the way back to the car. "So why would it only be a problem for Cas if
Lily blinks, but doesn't say a word. Instead, slowly, she crosses the few feet to grab her eyepatch from the ground and gingerly string it back in place, all while scarcely taking her eyes from the dead angel splayed before her.
Only snag is the Aramaic. Why would the victim be speaking a dead language at her untimely end? Why the religious undertones of the murder? To throw them off the trail? Is it some kind of  weird witchy punishment?
Pure and simple. A better man than Dean could ever hope to be, and he deserves this. He deserves Eileen. He deserves a life and a family. And now he gets to have it because they finally earned that freedom.
Sam's panting, heart thrumming in his ears, staring down at the man who's now just a man. Kelly's crying, Dean and Cas are trading looks, and Crowley and Rowena are simply onlookers in wait. Waiting for... confirmation.
Maybe it helps him sleep better at night, if he thinks it's his idea to go out that way. If he makes it seem like he's cool with it, like that's how he'd prefer it... maybe it'll be easier when the day finally comes and he's bleeding alone in the woods somewhere just like Asa.
"Yeah, they do." Billie arches a brow, "We made a pact. Bound in blood. You break that, there's consequences on a cosmic scale."
"No, no, no." That man placates, hands tossed up flat, then points to himself, "Brother," he points at the man with glasses, "Witch!"
It's not like Dean's not aware Sam's 100% observant enough to see the real deal here. If Sam didn't know by now, he'd be a whole lot more concerned about the kid's eyes and investigative skills than anything else.
"I- I said what I said cause you're a fucking- I like- you don't make me feel like crap for just... being
The parking lot is near pitch black- so he makes it darker- obliterating the bulb in the streetlight just on its edge.
"Cas or dad, yeah I got it." he raises the phone to his ear, a muffled voice picking up on the other end, he turns away, lowering his voice, "Yeah, well, we need your help Rowena."
He drags one hand up her thigh, fingertips grazing skin on the edge of her jeans- raising goosebumps there. Hair tumbles against his cheek, nails sharp and digging relentlessly into his shoulder- and he’s tugging her hips towards his own, the two of them thrusting up against each other fully clothed like two kids behind the bleachers.
It's the middle of the day but still the sidewalks are spotted with a mess of people of all types dipping in and out of stores, some in a hurry and stuck on cells while others pace themselves like they're walking with nowhere to be.
" Lily interrupts, raising her voice over their own mutterings with a humored smile, "is no threat whatsoever to humans. And she can hear you."
"My brother," Dean frowns, the word tugging at his mind- sharp and visceral- then, he notices the arsenal in the trunk before them and gapes, "Whoa..."
It's such a mundane moment, but these are often his favorites. Tucked away in precious corners of his memory with so many just like them, yet not nearly enough.
Sam is saying things. Jack is saying things. Dean isn't ashamed to admit he doesn't give a flying fuck about what kinds of things either person is saying. He gets up and stumbles across the room, colliding with a solid-mass of trenchcoat and angel. Living. Breathing. Warm. Alive.
They'd just lost dad back then, popped into the city of angels for a quick case, some fun times along the way. Hell, they didn't even know about angels back then. Yellow-eyes was still kicking... and he was the biggest bad on their radar.
Cas meets Dean's eye, head visibly rolling with his eyes as he turns back to this "Ishim" character across the table.
He pockets the cash, hand waving out a little more gently to the next guy. A man jogging with this huge fluffy white dog that looks more like some rich old woman's fur coat than a real animal.
"Okay." Cas doesn't believe it, but he knows by now when it's better to indulge Dean and when to not. It's one of the things Dean loves about him. When it comes to the people he's closest to Cas can read him better than most. He doesn't get enough credit for that.
He'd been feeling it every single day, buried deep but still there, fizzling with a sort of life that cannot be diminished.
The double doors on the opposite end of the room swing open, and Dean starts for him, yelling a cut off, "Sam!"
It's not a resolved no, but it's not a happy yes either. It's more like a 'we'll see.' The same stagnant middle-ground that’s been keeping them afloat about as well as a punctured life-raft.
he say? He was never a child, and he never had a father- it's not something he could completely understand. The thing he is now, he "grew up" essentially the same as they had- being a soldier, taught to serve and to fight in the name of an elder's mission.
Dean trudges forward through the thick of the trees, brushing aside more low-hanging branches in the path.
Dean opens his mouth, closes it again a couple times before his voice will even come out as a whisper, "What's wrong with me, Cas?"
Bobby Singer was a man that Castiel greatly admired for many reasons, the most of which was his depth of care for the Winchester brothers. It seems, even in death, Bobby has continued to be a solid aid for the boys. It's for that reason that his framed image hangs center on the wall behind the bar, surrounded by dozens of other photos of the Winchester's family through the years, including the photo Claire took of Dean and Cas the year before. Many faces Cas knows, though there's still a great deal more that he doesn't. These are a reminder that despite all the loss and tragedy that has befallen this small troupe of people in their short lives, they're surrounded by the love they've found with one another. That makes it all a little easier.
The point seems moot anyway, doesn't it? The greater issue now is Kelly. He can't go roaming the entire town looking for the Winchesters when Kelly needs to be protected first and foremost.
Physically, there's nothing wrong with him. His heart-rate has picked up slightly, breathing more rapid, but that's to be expected during combative states- He has absolutely no substances in his system that would cause such behaviors. Nothing at all there in interference with normal patterns. But still, there's something strange threading within him, he just can't quite get a handle on what it is...
Cas squints at him leaning back in that chair with such an air of carelessness, and finds himself actually surprised to find a complete lack of remorse there. All their time together for weeks on end, and it's not like the two had become fast best friends, or even anything remotely close to the idea- but they were something akin to acquaintances.
The pair stop at the landing, Rowena's face blank. Dean's face contorted in that same blank confusion that started poisoning his mind early this afternoon.
"Alright then, get out of here." Dean says instead with a lazy smile that doesn't quite reach, putting the record back in place on the shelf and shuffling back to bed, "Some of us need our beauty sleep."
He follows, sits across from her, keeping his voice even, "Mrs. Peterson, um, what can you tell me about Ricky Copeland?"
Then, as if the universe is playing some kind of big joke and laughing in their faces, it looks like the devil's taken Jefferson Rooney. President of the United States.
out," He motions to Cas, then grins, tapping his dad on his chest, "You're our secret weapon. I'm not back in ten,
He's called both Sam and Dean going on at least fifteen times by now. Neither has picked up. Both phones stopped ringing entirely around the eighth call, instead just going directly to voicemail. He tried not to let that fact completely terrify him, and he probably called half a dozen more times to each out of panic more than anything else.
The man's beauty marks in every golden freckle the sun has kissed, and reflects outwardly in the blazing emerald rings in his eyes. Divinity in man, if there were ever an example of it.
Ain't that the truth. Dean can't even remember the last time he brought a chick home, much less tried for a
"Yeah, exactly..." He pauses, mutters, "But I don't think he's the only one that has to make some changes."
"You survived Hell. You were chosen by God." He lands another hit on Cas- Dean can hear it, but he's too focused on the sigil. He
"I don't know," He answers truthfully, "Maybe we're just too similar... too hard-headed for our own good."
lives. Prevent the tragedy inevitable for this evening. That had already been a fleeting hope to begin with, given the very nature of who exactly they're up against and their stark lack of weapons against him- but even so, that small hope is snuffed out seeming instantly as John's words really settle in.
see it. Which definitely means that Sam saw it, and decided to just never say anything ever. Dean's gonna pencil that in the back of his mind so he remembers to kick Sammy's ass later.
"No," Cas smiles, just a small one touching his lips, "But I understand being so wrapped in pain that you might want to."
He looks between them, head craning each direction. Dean is leaning against the counter, nodding, twisting the dish towel in his hand, and Sam looks up at him with slightly raised brows as if to ask if it’s a good call, settling into a hunt all together so soon.
Mick is unperturbed by John's clear lack of enthusiasm bordering on contempt, and shrugs with a small smile, "So we'll help."
"We're out of coffee. Hope lemonade's alright." Gail smiles at him as she toes in the room, heel clacking with every step. She has a glass of the juice in each hand, and holds one glass out to him.
every time with each other. You make these decisions saying its the best for the other one but never actually say shit to each other.
He doesn’t know how long he sits there like that, but he sits until someone speaks to him. Anyone, in his head, just because he needs them to.
The key in his hand suddenly feels incredibly heavy. Like it means something he's not ready to face right here in the parking lot of a dingy motel on the border of western California.
Maybe Dean's just hyperaware of his presence now, or lack of... since the events with Lucifer. Since dad.
confusion face. The face where if Dean were to actually look at his brother, they'd start a silent conversation just with looks across the table. Another conversation Dean really just doesn't want to start.
"Nothing..." Dean blows out a breath, still pacing, "I'm- I don't know what to say to him, you know? It- It's- I'm just trying not to pick another fight over here without even meaning to."
and lets it fall, pulling out his lighter and heading over to some of the candles Bucky has already spread throughout the room. Cause he's used to stuff like that. Hell, he says it about himself.
"I don't care who you are, I don't care what you want." He keeps his tone even, murderous, "You have my brother."
. But Dean's realizing he likes it. And he's letting himself like it. His face heats up and he stares down at the fire catching, but he can't even find it in him to pretend to react when he hears Kaia whisper to Claire, "I think they're cute."
He tugs his gun from his belt, keeping it just low enough it’s out of sight as he cocks it- raises it directly in the air, firing off one quick shot before diving down again to bury the weapon in the folds of his jacket, “He’s got a gun!”
Dean passes out for the first time in a long time without a drop of alcohol on his lips, and with thoughts of Cas swirling through his mind.
And there’s the brunt of it that’s even more than that- the wondering if angels can truly love, can they
his music, his memories, his weapons, his life... Sam's is devoid of much more than the bare necessities.
"Shut up- that's different and you know it." He frowns, straightening with a shrug, nodding without looking Cas in the eye, "Just- show him."
"You're covered in blood, man. Go clean up." Sam shoves him, lowering his voice, "Show some respect."
Sam slams into the room before anyone else, slapping a flat palm on the blood sigil on the back of the door- aiding in lessening the power of the archangel.
"Well that's just dandy. Leave you two alone for five minutes and you’re throwing punches," Dean looks between them, scolding, "And none of us could flip a
"Look at this," Sam picks up a book from the far table, looking at the rest stacked beneath it, "Rock star biographies, all of them, from Aerosmith to ZZ Top. It's like he's studying how to become famous."
"Yeah alright." He laughs too, but sobers, "Nah, I just- I guess I'm starting to get it. You know? It's starting to feel real... being free."
Maybe it's the fact that Cas' words are clearly so entirely genuine and overwhelming, Dean gives in. He peels himself far enough from Cas' chest to look him in the eyes and bring his hand back to the angel's face. Maybe just to ground him. He thinks again of the Cas that never came to be, a love unrequited and an angel left broken because of it. Maybe that's the true curse, loving each other only gets them hurt when the other says nothing. Does nothing.
"Because..." Dean shifts nervously, "I've always let girls pick the music and... and since we're..." He nods between them and raises their joined hand, "We're... Christ, I feel like a teenage girl asking this but... what are we, Cas?"
"Sammy, you okay?" John pats at Sam's chest, smearing the blood there that's not even his, John's hands then travelling around his back to where Sam's wrists are tied expertly with old rope.
Dean blinks, taken aback. How the hell do people know all this shit? Monsters really talk all that much?
. Inside, out, through veins and through grace, everything hurts. It's just that now... his body mirrors the pain of his mind.
"No, they're just, uh, glyphs. Witches use them in spells, but I've actually never seen anything like this before," He pulls his phone out, tapping to the camera, "Maybe Rowena will recognize 'em."
Dean, too. He imagines that perhaps being held by someone other than him can be nice if especially wanting... but if it's someone you truly love... it's an entirely different sensation.
His phone buzzes, a text banner popping up at the top with Cas' name on top of whatever article he'd been staring at blankly and pretending to read. Speak of the devil.
What kind of crap. Dean knows how he feels about Cas. And he knows he's not gay. He doesn't think about Cas like that. He hadn't even thought before that Cas
"Because," Cas continues, voice dripping with sarcasm, "Tell me, Dean. Who was it you planned to have die tonight instead- before your father stepped in? It was never going to be Sam, you and I both know that."
Dean's still pawing away at Cas' coat, and Cas just lets him, fingers barely brushing down the lapels.
"Right," He shuffles his feet, kicking at the dirt, considering, “Amara... she and Chuck made up. Yin and Yang, balance restored, the whole shebang... She said that I gave her what she needed most... and wanted to do the same for me.”
He already knows he fucked something up somehow, just by peering around. A guy doesn't just pass out in the middle of the woods without fucking
Marion holds his hands out, eyes wild and begging, and Cas lowers him back down just a bit. He continues, babbling rapidly, "Okay, look, look, look. Look, I don't know where they are, but she called me a couple hours ago- a few hours ago, asking about the sedative I gave the guy. So... I've got her phone number." He nods a few times, eyeing all three men in the room wildly.
He doesn't wanna know what Sammy saw. Or when. Or when he realized it wasn't just once. He doesn't wanna know what Sam walked in on, then quietly walked out and shouldered alone for a good twenty years after that.
They cleared out the cars that couldn't be salvaged for anything other than scrap metal first, dozed down the blackened remains of Bobby's old home second, then figured out what was left. Dean insisted on keeping up the old "Singer Salvage" sign at the entrance, and the garage was still in decent shape so with a little extra TLC it's back in running order again. Now, it's not as much a part of the business as just a place that hunters come when they need to work on their cars, or where locals swing in when they need work since Dean's the best mechanic for miles. Maybe it'll become a functioning shop eventually but for now Dean just likes helping people out.
It's the one thing he figured he'd never have to see, Dean's mind betraying him. Guts ripped out by a werewolf or something, sure. Cut in half by a Wendigo or shot in the chest by someone with a grudge. Any number of bloody or gory, and he's imagined it ten times over.
Happy Birthday, Dean. Pretty stupid we drive everywhere but never been to the Grand Canyon. Maybe we can trick dad into thinking there's a Wendigo out there and camp out one of these days. -Sam
He tugs the blade free, wiping it on his jeans as he stands. He'll have to capture the other vamps if he wants to have any hope of making them talk and leading him to the rest of the nest tonight, but the last thing he wants to do is walk around this car to the image that waits on the other side. He can't handle doing this again, seeing him in the dirt, still and cold, wings of ash the final seal of proof that an angel didn't survive an attack...
Cas picks it up on the second ring, met with shuffling fabric on the other end and Dean whispering out a light curse.
It'd be something grossly romantic instead. He'd pull that mixtape out from where it's buried in his desk and hand it over. Push himself over that line- unsure how Cas would take it. Unsure Cas would even understand it. Take that action, regardless, just because he
But they do, never leaving Dean’s face. He tilts his head and smiles, “I know, Dean. It’s okay. Really.”
”Probably kinda cool, having an angel in your pocket like that. Hey-” Randy raises his beer, eyes lighting up with his next train of thought, “You were on the FBI’s wanted lists for awhile there, too, right? Man, regular Harrison Ford-”
to Cas. There's a reason they're connected the way they are. It's clear. He just doesn't always get to see it.
. Because he thinks Dean needs to hear them. He has no ulterior motive and that's fucking terrifying because
Cas barely get's out a "wait, what does that..." but Dean cuts off the call, tossing the phone in the truck before darting to the woods with Sam at his side.
John eyes him, softening and lowering the bottle. "You're my son. It was my fault you were in that bed in the first place. I wasn't about to let you die in it."
He tries to imagine Sam and Dean growing up in such a way. No real home, no real anything. Just a mess of different rooms and different cities and beds that someone else owns.
He leans against her side, the chilled metal biting through his jeans. Could just be so cold because they're in fucking Canada. A place where no one should live.
protection, but I never imagined..." She pauses, recollecting herself again, "He said... I broke his heart, so he was going to break mine.
But there was an even bigger part of him, the piece built of the scotch tape- that was grateful to live.
He's heard plenty of stories from the boys childhood- those which quietly alluded to neglect or outright abuse, and those which the boys hold more dear as treasured father/son moments. It's not been until meeting him that he realizes just how few, far-between, and rare those moments likely were in their long history following Mary's death.
Sam tromps into the room, settling on the opposite table, swiping a hand down his chin, "Yeah, and Lucifer has found the perfect safe house. I mean, how do we even
"And it wasn't just his eyes, man.” Tommy leans forward, elbows on his knees, and lowers his voice before continuing, “I- I mean, the strength. He was like... He was like an MMA fighter. Hell, he was like twenty."
The pale greyness encompasses his entire face, deepening around the eyes and seeming to almost bubble across his forehead- a rotten heat eating up his meat suit from the inside out.
“You remember..." He straightens in his seat, "Must've been seven? eight? years ago now... You remember that spot Zach sent me, and you yanked me out to that street corner?"
"I didn't think..." Cas looks up, straight out the windshield, blue eyes shining, "Not until fairly recently actually, that it might even be possible..."
Neither of the Petersons seem to know entirely what to do with that, but they nod along anyway- and a door clangs shut from behind them, warning the entrance of a young man. He leans down to his father's ear and whispers something Dean can't catch a lick of.
He's hunched over the glass, over the counter. Much like Dean sits when he's feeling particularly contemplative. Perhaps it's something Dean got from him, whether from emulation or a simple case of a child picking up the habits of a parent without even meaning to.
Cas settles his hands around the mug in front of him. It's still very warm. He takes a sip. "How are Sam and John? The case?"
Cas grabs a magazine from the table beside him, just to have something to stare at other than the floor while he mentally scolds himself with every terrible thought about himself and how this entire situation is his fault to begin with- when his phone buzzes in his coat pocket.
Dean looks over to the counter with confusion, like he's not even sure what Cas is talking about, his face scrunching up even more, "What? Dude, no. She's like twice my age. Truck stop MILFs aren't my go-to."
with the center of glasses-man's chest, sending his body flailing backwards, against the wall, and sliding heavy down to the carpet.
He grins wide at this stupid rectangular block of light and the man sitting all the way on the other end of it five states over... and the line between angel and human grows a little thinner as Cas loves with the full heart of both and neither creature.
inwards with a sharp crackling of splinters tearing apart and colliding with the opposite wall- ingniting a shrill shriek of horror from within-
"This isn't over, Sam!" Lucifer screams into the din, body stiff and unmoving but eyes filled with a murderous fury.
Cas rolls his eyes and in the same movement dips the weight of his shoulder a little further into Dean's. On the screen Jack Twist and Ennis Del Mar shake hands in introduction.
He leans against the counter, watches Cas scoop out a measure of coffee, fill the water, start up the machine with a press of a button. It gurgles to life.
Cas opens his mouth with a frown, but Sam cuts him off, "And don't say 'Dean started it,' you're just as bad."
"I do tend to go for good boys gone bad..." Crowley says, unaffected as the waitress places down Dean's lunch with a silent eye-raise and departure.
"Well," She shrugs one shoulder, arching a brow, "Forgive me if I'm not your particular brand of evil that outs
Mick’s smile falters only a bit, but he manages to stay just as sprightly and nods with a sigh, "Yes... and I suppose you're the angel the Winchesters cart around."
Dean holds it up, brows scrunched together as he looks at the image, then back to Cas, back to the image- unsure what to think. It's a mess of wings of varying sizes- looks to be about six, then a couple of legs and several eyes scattered across the "body." There's no body in the traditional sense, so it's even harder for Dean to wrap his head around.
If Castiel didn't know any better, they'd been living in a djinn dream. But he does know better, because Jack promised him something once. Visions of a future they've finally found their way to. Just like then, Dean doesn't quite believe it yet. He's still on guard for the next bad thing to happen. Some days are worse than others, but more and more often Cas catches him in a moment he assumes is Dean realizing just how much he finally has after so many years of war. Cas will look up when he's pouring two beers behind the bar, or look over to Dean after watching a bird outside their window while having their morning coffee, and Dean will just be looking at him with the most lost and loving expression Dean Winchester is capable of. One where he wears his emotions completely on his sleeve and nearly collapses under the weight of it. Cas will land a hand on his shoulder and ground him back with a light kiss to his temple, then his lips. Then makes Dean even more flustered under affirmations of his love for him. Cas likes to see the look in his eye when Dean tries processing nice things being said to him, because Dean does like it, and need it. He just hopes that one of these days Dean starts accepting those words a little more readily.
He'd have to leave that town the next week, never to see any of them again, but that's okay because he was just a visitor in their lives anyway. Now... he gets to come back here anytime he wants, he's a dad to a kid he's raising with his best friend and brother, and a dad-like figure to a bunch of twenty-something girls with as much childhood trauma as he's got. Life is... something.
He'd been wondering what they were doing in this town. Figured he'd just gotten blasted and wandered a few towns over from the bunker. But, no, that's not right... they're in... Arkansas. Arkansas. Not Kansas- ARkansas.
I could." John stomps forward suddenly, slamming a hand on the side of the truck, blazing down on his son. The
Before long, steam is rising out from behind the curtain. He hops in, letting the hot water sear his skin and relax some of the tension from his shoulders. There's a mess of soap and shampoo bottles filling the shelf, so he takes his time to sniff each one and pick out the best to use. Usually he just buys the same basic soap bars and 2 in 1 shampoo he's gotten since he was a kid, so this is a fun change up. If he ever came home with something like this, his dad would've kicked his ass. Not just for wasting money but for being a pansy. Men don't like this kind of stuff, they just rub dirt in their wounds.
It feels like a weirdly intimate admission. One Cas lets hang there, wordlessly taking back the notebook and tucking it back in the drawer.
." Cas steps up, fuming, "Dean is not interested in any angel that I'm aware of. If you intend to keep working together, I suggest you stop this futile display of a means to belittle me, or hurt me, or whatever it is you're trying to do."
The effect may be only slightly dampened by the purpling bruise with a worsening swelling over his left eye, dried blood crusted on his cheek.
”What can I say,” Lucifer chokes out, “Kicking your ass took a lot out of me. But don’t worry. Onward and upward.”
I encourage reading the full entry for the full picture. It’s one of many which deeply bothers me from the many things left unsaid on this single day- and emphasizes how unreliable a narrator John is in his own journals, in my opinion.
Wordlessly, Cas reaches out an arm and presses two fingers to John's forehead- the swollen, purple wound on his left eye shrinking down to nothing but pale, tired skin.
Because dying is the fucking easy thing. Laying your life on the line and fighting the fight that has to be fought, that’s easy. But fucking
John swings around, voice low and piercing, "Do you even hear yourself right now? We spent twenty years hunting down the demon that killed your mother. Twenty years. It was our
A slow smile crawls across her face, "Because I know you won't remember." she reaches out a small finger and boops him right on the nose with the tip of it.
Dean's on the couch beside his father, both of their bodies mirrored- legs splayed out in front of them. He frowns at Sam in the chair beside him, saying something about vegetable water as Cas approaches.
"Well..." Lucifer sits up, lazily resting his elbows on his knees, "I thought I'd at least ask. And if they won't give it up by choice..." He pulls himself to his feet, eyes darting hard between the angel and demon, amusement fading, "Maybe I'll just
"You didn't even rebel until months after that..." Dean takes another sip of beer and even more foam is left on his upper lip, but his face is turning pink again.
Maybe it's another case of Cas being simply too optimistic for his own good. Seeing the good in a situation where none should be seen.
Upon speaking with the bandmate- Tommy- the next morning, he starts believing less and less that this event is simply something to overlook.
"I should've known there was something you weren't telling me." Cas stops, and Crowley does the same in front of him, "Rowena?"
Soon as he walks in, his eyes light up at the ambience of the place. Walls decked out in cowboy garb, jukebox in the corner blasting out the oldies, and at the center of it all a live mechanical bull with a crowd of hooting customers egging on the rider. It's perfect. Place like this, maybe if he gets enough tequila in him he'll be able to talk himself into something fast and dirty against the restroom walls.
"I know they do." They trade a long look, something passing between there going unsaid. That same kind of resolved knowing from across the room of that church- Cas a bloodied heap and Dean lowering his hand. It's that same kind of codependency he's got with Sam- just completely unwilling to let the other die, tossing themselves in the other's place even though they both know the survivor won't be any better for it. It's a toxic kind of mess they have going on here.
Dean wakes in the morning inside a prison of arms and the bustling sound of whispering bodies scurrying through the kitchen. His entire front is nothing but heat radiating off of the other body and he can feel the angel's breath warm and steady on the top of his head. His own arm is draped over Cas' middle, a leg thrust up between Cas' legs and tangled in their grip. He doesn't want to open his eyes yet and greet the day. He wants to just live here forever in this singular moment of bliss.
Oddly enough, no one else has ever seemed to pick up on it but Dean- or if they had they never said anything. He's grateful now that John doesn’t yet know him well enough to see these tells. He gets a feeling the man would get far too much pleasure out of knowing that Castiel is even slightly affected by him, and only so much because he has the capacity to tear Cas from the only family that matters to him.
”No, Dean.” Cas swings in front of him, shoulders squared, “You might be stubborn and an ass, but that doesn’t mean I’ll simply stand by and watch your own father lay his hands on you. You don’t get to make that decision for me, regardless of what’s between you and John.”
to get that fucked up last night. Told himself years ago he'd stop doing that to Sam- making him sit up and just
"Well, because you're in love with each other." Jack states it like it's the most obvious thing in the world.
"I'm- uh, I'm-" he spots his suit jacket and trenchcoat still folded off the end of the bed and steps towards them, piling them over one arm, "Thank you. Dean. For-"
Took Dean shooting. If he's big enough to try and comfort me, he's big enough to start learning the tools of the trade. I only let him fire the .22, but he is a deadeye marksman. My drill sergeant would have taken him over me in a second. Times like this, I sure am proud of my boy. I have a feeling it'll be different with Sammy. Maybe he's just too young to show it, but I don't think he's got the same kind of killer instinct.
Cas starts pushing Dean out of the booth with an absurd amount of strength, hands firm against his bicep and thigh. An unnecessary amount- he would've gotten up in a second- But it seems that doesn't matter much to Cas, cause he barely spares a second glance to Dean as he strides out the front door, clearly pissed.
Dean listens. It's a love song mixing acoustic guitar with the organ to create something outside both- a fast uptempo in some places and slower focus on vocals in parts between. It's... hopeful, almost. That's always how he's thought of it. An optimistic type of love song.
It's one of those things where he's left to wonder, sitting now in the same bar with the same waitress, what Dean had wanted all those years ago that he'd been so afraid to voice. He feels as helpless now as he did a human in Rexford- unable to ask for that answer if he wanted to.
Dad was never much one to socialize with other hunters when Dean and Sam were kids, which led them to believe for most of their lives that this was just the way hunters always were: antisocial, keeping to themselves in the boonies type unconnected loners. Which, in some part they are, but there's an underbelly to the community they've come to learn more about over the years. Even if Sam and Dean have grown into exactly the typecast of antisocial, keep to themselves in the boonies unconnected loners their dad raised them to be.
"Understandable." He grunts, sitting up from his place on the bed and standing to step out the motel door.
Sam lets out a frustrated sigh, jerking his arm from Dean's grip- though he does look immediately apologetic for the movement. "Dad's fine. He's inside."
She's holding his hand sandwiched between both her palms, feeling down his fingers, then flipping the hand again. Feels nice.
Maybe that's it. He nearly killed Cas with his own hands back then. He didn't do it, of course. But that's always been inside of him, hasn't it? Even without The Mark, he got Cas killed in that other life. He probably had a hand in the weird fried-brained humsn hippy that the guy turned into, too. Some of it likely had something to do with the angels abandoning him, but Dean did too in a way. He just... checked out.
"Oh, so that was the... white light... then." Dean clears his throat, nodding, trying to forget how fucking close he came yet again to having to touch Cas' corpse, "Right, good."
It makes sense... and Cas is sticking to the shadows, but it doesn’t stop Dean from worrying. He types out and send a quick text, receiving one back not even thirty seconds later.
John smiles, looking between both of his sons, “You too.” He clears his throat, raising his brows, “So what do we think? Are we buying that Brit’s ‘let’s be friends’ bit?”
Sam and Dean just look at him- because since when do they give a shit that others don't like them? They're pretty well-hated in any circles just by name alone. Not being liked? Who cares-
It’s another couple of hours before everyone who stayed the night gets up and attem. Dean’s never felt more like a suburban dad corralling the kids than he has this morning. Alex and Donna flit through the kitchen, tidying up the last of Jody’s pancake mess while Eileen scarfs down the remaining leftovers. A couple of people are running the showers cold based on how long the pipes have been creaking. It’s all wet hair, shouts to one another down the hall, and urgings back and forth to hurry up. Like something out of Home Alone. Dean secretly loves it.
Finally he pushes his hips forward, his dick sliding across the top of Dean's dress shoe. Cas is so embarrassed, so hesitant, that it's going to take a while for him to actually get hard.
They walk to Dean's bed and sit. There's an uneasy feeling in Cas's stomach, as there always is, but there's also something nice about having Dean's arm pressed against his own.
"I have to get this bullet out of you, love," Dean says sweetly. "So I can sew you back up. I can't have you dying on me, now. That'd be too kind." And digs suddenly and relentlessly into the wound.
They're in Dean's bedroom. A fucking luxury, if you ask him. It's only once before Cas has been in here, and it's a million times better than the basement. Honestly, he should be thanking Dean. Expressing gratitude, offering favours in return for the kindness. Instead he's whining through his clamped-shut teeth all while Dean's trying to give him a
And then there's the embellishments. Tiny white cords of scar tissue littering his torso, his arms. Shiny and taut and itchy, but arranged in neat little rows at least. Dean is nothing if not precise. Redder if they're new, bloodier if they're
Cas drags himself to his feet after what looks like a considerable amount of inner turmoil, and they're on the move again. When they reach the entry hall, Dean takes up post against a far wall, watches Cas climb the stairs slowly. When he gets to the top, he puts his hands against the door and stares out of the little window, silent and still for a long time. A held breath, a speck of dust suspended in a beam of sunlight.
Cas obeys. He meets Dean's gaze again and this time he holds it, his hand still working back and forth. Dean starts to thrust into his fist, small movements growing in impatience. He loosens his grip in the boy's hair and drags his hand down his face instead, thumbing at his lips. Cas knows what it means. Knows what Dean wants.
He watches a cat run across the street, a black blur that disappears underneath a car as soon as it appears. Jenna Frasier loves cats, hates that Dean smokes. Let him blow it into her mouth once and spent the next five minutes coughing on and off, yelling at him when he laughed. Dean remembers kissing her on her little sister's bed while there was a party going on downstairs. He very nearly got lucky, but she started bitching about a spattering of bruises on his ribs. Got all concerned, wanted to fucking
It's a strange thing, listening to a conversation you know you're not supposed to be hearing. Especially when you're the main topic of discussion. Cas stays silent and unmoving, listening to the uneasy shuffling of feet and the strain of hushed voices from the other side of the door. He feels like a half-thing, discarded, alive enough to be left on the lonely side of a door, but dead enough that Dean and his quiet, calm brother felt no need to remove themselves entirely from his vicinity.
When his arms are freed, they're stiff. Cas can't even bring them back in front of him. His breath hitches and he sucks in air through his teeth, slowly moving his arms out from behind him. But he takes too long, and Dean gets impatient, grabbing Cas's upper arm and hoisting him to his feet in one movement.
If the boy's eyes were uncovered, he'd be giving Dean that adorable, confused-and-questioning look. Puppy-dog eyes made brighter with tears. But Dean ignores his confusion, just waits for an answer.
Dean goes to check on Sam again, who's hiccoughing in his sleep from how hard he was crying earlier, then goes back to his room and gets in bed and tries not to focus on the smell of John Wichester there.
He could end this right now, but that would be too easy. He wants Cas to get a taste of success first before he shoves it back down his throat and makes him sorry to ever have taken a breath on this miserable earth.
He falters, drops his gaze again. But his hand has stopped moving and Dean has to bite his lip to ground himself, keep himself from
Dean brings him books not long after. Cas can tell he's actually put some thought into it, too; it's all stuff Cas has talked about before. Expressed interest in. Stephen King and Patricia Highsmith and a copy of
It's been a while since he's exerted himself like this, almost six months, to be exact. The only running he's ever done in the bunker had been during the rare, playful, happy moments with Dean. Add all that to the fact that the ground is uneven, the air is biting cold on his bare skin, he's already having a hard time breathing due to anxiety, and that Dean is infinitely faster than him - stronger - bigger?
Parting his lips, Cas lurches forward. But he pulls back again, presses his lips together hard. He's thinking too much. He glances up at Dean's face again like he's unsure, like he wants to ask
"I... I know you would want to know. But you can't freak out, okay? You can't get mad. I told... I promised..." he trails off, a silent stream of tears flowing down his cheeks and soaking his neckline.
There's a smile playing at the man's lips. He doesn't say anything, and a few moments pass. Cas figures he'd better keep going, because Dean sure as hell isn't going to.
Cas gives a tight-lipped smile. "Castiel," he says, and is greeted with the same reaction he always gets.
The upstairs is nice. Really, really nice. It's cavernous, with lots of confusing hallways and rooms and whatnot, but some doors are locked and Cas is scared to go in others. Scared of what he might find.
And then there's the sound of tires rolling slowly on asphalt, and a puttering motor accompanying the quiet blare of the kind of music you'd hear in a backroads bar. It's coming down the street. Cas's eyes are open again, and there's a slick black car coming lazily toward his end of the street. It's going slow, probably slower than the speed limit, which is saying something because they're in a residential. It's like the driving equivalent of taking a midnight stroll; you're not in a hurry and you've got nowhere to be and you're not going any particular place for any particular reason.
Shaky legs, skinny waist, fingernails digging into Dean's shoulderblades. An exposed throat, gritted teeth, grunts of pain and horror and disbelief and shame. Happy seventeenth birthday, Castiel. I won't give you anything but I'll sure as hell
And Cas does. He doesn't even think to argue. He just turns his head back and forces himself to meet Dean's eye. It raises new panic in his chest but he just squashes it, because he can't afford the luxury of allowing it to take him over. If he does, Dean will hurt him.
He goes for more thread and the boy groans, shoves at Castiel's hands as soon as they come near him again.
I'm a slut for dialogue!! If you feel so inclined, let me know what you think of this chapter/the story so far. Anything you'd like to see in the future?
"Please," he sobs into the ground. "Please, I'm sorry, I don't want-- I need you to... I'm sorry, please, oh
"I'm in too deep," Dean says quietly. He's staring down at the grease streaks on the table, too shaken and unfocused to even consider moving from his spot. "I've never let it affect me like this before, Sammy."
Jesus. Everything’s blurry. Everything’s underwater. He tries to respond, but it sounds like slurring. His vocal cords feel starchy and underused. Beneath the confusion he feels is fear, always fear. Always caution. There’s something important… something Cas is forgetting, right on the edge of his memory… where
Cas feels his chest tighten as Dean tells him to "hold still," and his hands start reaching up again for his face. All Cas can do is plead with his eyes, a small squeak forced back by the tape over his mouth. He is given no time to prepare, and suddenly Dean grasps his nose with one hand and gives a forceful
to be dead, wants this to be over, but when Dean grabs hold of his hair and sneers in his face, he is scared.
"We just hope... we hope that maybe, by doing this, we can reach whoever is responsible for Cas's disappearance. Help them realize that what they've done is wrong."
Cas presses his lips together, scoots himself backwards a little. Then, with his hands still tied behind his back, he bends down and hovers above where he guesses Dean's shoe is. He guides himself by letting his shoulder touch Dean's leg as he trails all the way down, feeling his way and stopping when he gets where he wants to be.
"You think you could get away with that, boy?" John slurs, and it sounds rough like all the rest of him. "Think your old man would just let that one slide?"
Through the shocked tears in his eyes, Cas can see a paled face and a heaving chest and blood absolutely
Sam slumps against Dean's shoulder and presses his hands to his mouth, and his words come out quick, so the next thing he says can barely be heard.
He scrambles out of bed and practically leaps onto Dean's back, but it hardly makes a difference. Dean ignores him. Cas is pounding and pulling and grabbing but Dean is (not fair) too strong, so he gives up and flops down on the floor and just as he does he watches the boy's eyes roll up into his head. And he goes still. And he's dead.
It's not okay by Cas. It's really not. But how can he say it when his mouth is covered? How can he be sure that Dean would care, anyway?
Dean is standing. Staring at him. Cas bites his lip and stares right back, scrambling for the right thing. He doesn't want to offend Dean with the wrong look or the wrong gesture or too loud of a breath.
It's... a birthday card. Not one of those stupid cheesy ones, but a nice one with metallic lettering done in blue. Dean looks expectantly at Cas, and it takes him an embarrassingly long time to get it.
This is all quickly becoming too much. Before today, everything Cas knew about Dean's brother came from passive comments and absent-minded stories and anecdotes. Now all of the sudden the man is standing at the foot of Dean's bed (Cas's bed, too), staring at Cas like he's a rabbit with a broken leg. Staring at Dean like he's a child who needs to be chided. Standing there, hulking in the room, taking up so much space, not saying much. Standing there, watching Dean hurt him, seeing the marks on Castiel's bare body. Yet it never occured to Sam to say, "hey, Dean, this is all profoundly disturbing and I think I'd like to phone the police." No. Instead, the man stands and silently observes and then calmly steps out of the room to discuss
