After their sixth dip to the shore to survey the seemingly endless water, Castiel spotted a strange ship. It was distant, more thumbnail speck than defined features, but it shimmered on the water like no other craft out there. It was like a heat haze had settled over that one ship and no other. In fact, no other boats were even nearby. They ringed the larger ship by a good distance, fish waiting for chum at the edges of a shark’s territory.
That evening, Castiel kept his laptop open after he finished work and settled on the couch. With the television on at a low hum, he began to research the house.
Castiel thought as he settled into the movie next to a seemingly rapt Dean.
Castiel stilled.
“Probably,” Castiel agreed, but they drove down the winding hillside anyway. It was a small settlement, barely a town, with a short main street composed of very few storefronts and several broken-eyed houses that had been grand long before the end of the world.
“Cool. That’s cool. Sorry,” Dean grimaced apologetically but the assessing gleam had returned to his eye. Castiel felt like an insect pinned to a board by it and discomfort shivered across the surface of his skin. Years of practice at introspection made him chase after the feeling and… Yes. That was it. He was being
Castiel walks the perimeter of the small gray clearing, peering through the trees as far as he can see for traces of moving shadow. The arches of his feet ache, which remains disconcerting. Purgatory sucks power from him like a greedy mouth, always open and hungry.
“Sam’s at college,” Dean said slowly like he was reciting lines from a prompter. “He’s— He’s studying law. Gonna be a big shot.” He flickered again.
Castiel watched Dean track the pie from his lips to the counter, and so he saw the exact moment his relationship with Dean died. A shadow passed over Dean, brows knitting. Dean’s voice dropped low as he asked, “Is this magic? Are you a...a witch?”
“That’s the one,” Castiel said with more confidence than he felt. Dean grunted an acknowledgement, then reached out his hand for the binoculars to examine the ship for himself.
Carefully, Dean picked the headset up from the table, clearing the cords to one side and placing it over Castiel’s head like a crown. The spidering connectors slid along Castiel’s scalp, painless and small, cooled by the room. Dean leaned forward and the room filled with nothing but the sound of their breathing as he arranged the wires to fall in line around Castiel’s temples and forehead. He combed his fingers through Castiel’s hair, parting it to set the tips into place. “I’m checking for a good connection,” he murmured, his mouth close to Castiel’s forehead.
Castiel plastered on a smile. Too much time had passed in silence. “Can I interest you in anything?” he wrote pointedly.
When Charlie heard this, she stopped in her tracks and turned back towards her mother’s wing. Dean gave her a gentle push. “Go get her, kid,” he said. Charlie took off running. In the chaos, she slipped in and disappeared behind the curtain to be with her mother. From the hallway, they could hear Charlie’s voice rising in ecstatic greeting and the warm, low tones of her mother.
“Any day, Kevin. Any time,” the man said with overblown gusto, his voice smooth as polished wood. He straightened and grinned at Castiel again, blindingly brilliant and playful. “I love pie,” he told Castiel more soberly. “So this is a big decision for me.”
Castiel grasped his palm automatically, and shook it slowly. Their hands warmed together; Dean’s fingers wrapped around his own felt incredible. Castiel bobbed his head in a slow nod before releasing Dean’s hand and pulling up his own tablet from his lap. “Thank you,” he wrote.
Amara nodded and looked pleased. “You wanted your mother well. You made her a pie. She ate the pie. Your mother got better. Voilà!”
“I’ve been having nightmares,” Castiel confessed quickly, nudging the volume down on the tablet. “Almost every night.” He swallowed hard and bowed his head over his knee, composing himself as he eased a different kind of tension into his muscles. “In them, I want to talk. Or laugh. Or...stuff like that. When he kisses me, he can taste the magic. And then he leaves.”
Dean presses hard into his hand before leaning close enough that their breath mingles. “Good,” he says, voice dropping low. “‘Cause I want that too.”
* * *
A golf pencil clattered across their joined hands. Castiel looked up to see Donna, a gregarious friend of Jody’s, standing in front of them with her hands on her hips. “Your turn, sunshine,” she said with a wink.
If Castiel spent a little too long watching his swaying departure, lost in a maze of regret and relief, nobody else needed to know.
Castiel cleared his throat. “Do you believe in ghosts?”
Castiel nodded and shot her a tentative smile. He was ready. He hoped.
The castle itself was a wonder unparalleled to even Harroway. The exterior was smooth, opalescent up close, and it looked as though it had been dribbled into existence, built up like wet sand by a large, delicate hand. Despite its bubbled surface, graceful windows cut into its spires and across the bracing buildings. Each window shone with merry gold light. And while the woods leading to the castle had shivered like living metal, here fragrant, flowering plants embraced the castle like lips to a breast.
“My dear boy,” she said mildly. “Normal is both overrated and a burden of its own. To say your gift is also a curse is to acknowledge that...that the sky is both blue and without color right now. It appears as each depending on your vantage point and your perception.”
“Well. I’m…flattered.” The confession was soft and so close to Castiel’s ear that it ruffled the hair at his neck.
The Lincoln Park Conservatory rose like a jewel box against the sallow dawn. In a city of broken windows, the fact that the conservatory was mostly intact was something like a miracle.
Castiel glared at Dean, but without ire. It was good to see him smile. Good to see him laugh, even if it was edged in derision. Instead, he tipped his chin up, raised an eyebrow, and stalked to the back of the store. “Paolo swore that most of ‘em had it. Maybe it’s an east coast thing. We’re in Ohio now. That’s getting close.” Castiel ignored Dean sarcastically parroting this behind his back. He’d been given this tip by a very earnest hunter who’d worked stints at a few different Gas ‘n’ Sip locations when he’d needed to make some quick cash between hunts. In the stations Paulo had worked at, they’d kept lock boxes as part of an opiate and other prescription “safe returns” program. They were kept locked away in hidden back closets, unmarked and uninteresting.
Castiel thought, half exasperated. But still, he turned back to Amara, hope rising.
“Dean,” Castiel said, his lips lifted in tentative greeting. “Are you okay?”
Davies, for all his apparent mildness, expertly helped them with the rest of their plan, guiding them through the ship to the weapon and then helping them escape. All three of them sailed away from the incapacitated ship together in a purloined life boat as the barrier attempted to spark to life around them. “I’m dead if I stay,” Davies explained to them. “But death is in the cards anyway if this slide towards ruin isn’t halted. I might as well try to stack the deck in my favor.”
“I know,” Castiel soothed. “It’s going to be hard. But I’m gonna be here. I’m not going anywhere. I’ll help you back to the surface, Dean. Back to me.”
Castiel laughed and dropped his tablet back to his chest, the glowing screen becoming an outline against his shirt. The speech study had stretched through the rest of the summer, turning the season extraordinary. Once a week he went back to FutureTech and for one golden hour, he talked to Dean.
A sharp turn threw them against each other again and then the truck slowed to a stop. Castiel could hear the driver’s lazy acknowledgement of another guard’s greeting, and then the back of the truck was opened with a loud groan. Heavy footsteps entered the truck, pausing at intervals. “You scan the ones in the back yet? Come on!” The driver’s voice sounded surprisingly close. He must have entered the back of the truck along with whatever security Lucifer employed. Castiel was mostly confident that the warding they had painted on the surrounding crates would prevent any magical or supernatural detection. It was a befuddlement charm, meant to throw even the most basic senses off from the truck’s contents. Sense of smell, sound, or magical means should all be foiled. It would only be broken if the wood around them splintered. Or if he or Dean had accidentally scraped away the paint in the rough journey through the city. If…if...too many ifs. Castiel held his breath and prepared himself to fight his way out of a damn box inside a box.
“That’s pretty amazing.” Dean sounded wistful. “Although, the world’s missing out. You could do cookbooks.” He gave Castiel a frankly appreciative once over. “Or a TV show. You’d look good on TV.”
Castiel ran his fingers in meditative strokes through Dean’s hair, reveling in the stillness of the evening. After four grueling months, they’d finally gotten a solid lead on Lucifer’s whereabouts. They were ready to go after him, having infiltrated the heart of Chicago and holed up in a long-abandoned condo near one of the demons’ supply drops. Tomorrow, they’d sneak onto a delivery truck scheduled for Lucifer’s compound.
There’s a deep sucking sound, like an oversized plunger, and hands then arms poke out of the black. Another Dean pushes into the dark with a muffled curse.
, by J. Zachary Pike) and riffed off of it, drawing a stylized tree, and adding Dean, Cas, and Cas’s house to it. I wanted it to be mostly symmetrical, so I drew half of the tree, then scanned the design, put it in a photo editor, duplicated and flipped it. BOOM. One whole image achieved. I printed out template sheets, taped one to the top of the cardstock, and started cutting out all the shapes. The main circle was done by upending a bowl and tracing around it. (I really do not trust my eye or hand when it comes to making something symmetrical!)
The city was always restless after the Market. Castiel felt this doubly so, like he was hollowed out and desperate to be filled. He ran at the treadmill in the crowded gym and chased… And chased...
Castiel thought as he measured out grounds for coffee and pulled out a carton of eggs.
The question brushed against him as he settled back into work. It loomed as he walked the quiet hallways of the house.
The house was quiet. Papers dotted the floor like stepping stones and moonlight glinted off the broken glass from the fallen pictures. Castiel flicked on the lights as he walked through the house, until every room blazed golden. He got dressed for sleep with the light on and then turned it off, leaving the door yawning wide.
Castiel held the mangled pie in his hands and blinked at Dean in the dim glow cast by a small seashell night light plugged into the wall. Dean stared back at him, then leaned down to pick up his dropped phone. Slowly he raised it, the tiny flashlight beam illuminating the pie in Castiel’s hands. Castiel dropped it to the counter.
“Save it,” Dean said shortly, but his voice held uncontained joy. Dean fumbled at his side and pulled up Castiel’s hand. “You can make it up to me, alright? World’s not dead yet.” He squeezed Castiel’s palm and pulled his hand up to lay a kiss along his palm. “There’s always hope. Now, c’mon.”
A cold bottle touched the back of his neck and Castiel pulled away with a shout. He laughed at Dean’s pleased expression and accepted the drink. “I’m glad you remembered.”
“Mmm,” Castiel pressed one more kiss against Dean before winding past him and pulling open the door. “Good use for ‘em.”
“But you’re the one who did it!” Dean protested. Amara shrugged in seeming helplessness. “What about true love?” Dean asked.
Castiel huffed a reluctant laugh. “That sounds messy.”
Castiel was just working up the nerve to ask Dean if he’d heard bad news about the future of the project when Dean stopped typing and sucked in a deep breath. He turned towards Castiel with a look of trepidation, fingertips running restlessly along the table edge. “So,” he said, and after another moment, “Cas.”
Castiel lifted one shoulder and rolled his eyes, perfectly aware of Charlie’s hidden question.
” The nickname dropped like acid from his lips. “My, how you’ve fallen, and farther than I ever imagined possible.” He began to pace between Dean and Castiel, along the jagged canyon cracking the concrete. “We could have been allies, except you seem to have actually taken a liking to these creatures. I don’t know which of you I should kill first, but I do think it will be slow. Dean, how long do you think an angel like him will last? I think I could carve away quite a lot of flesh before his grace gave in but he
Miniature pies disappear quickly, and the pink lemonade pie was no different. Dean engaged Castiel’s fork in some light swordplay as they drew near the bottom of the pan, defeating him to steal the last bite. Dean sighed contentedly and dropped the utensil into the empty pan. “You have spoiled me, man. I’m gonna miss this.”
Davies strolled out of view and returned with Castiel’s angel blade in his palms. “So this might be your blade, then? Not something you picked up along the way?”
“I don’t want it,” Castiel wrote. “I don’t…I don’t need the use of my voice back.” In the heat of the moment, it almost felt true.
idea?”
Castiel found that he was shaking and he balled his hands into fists. “Fuck you,” he said out loud, the words coming out harsh and angular, just like the burned pie that flowered into existence and crashed to the floor. Fumbling for Charlie’s hand, he pulled her towards the door. He was relieved to see that nobody followed them out.
There was something not quite right about it - a dulling of sensation. It made Castiel kiss and nip with more gusto, trying to feel the body beneath him. Trying to feel Dean’s hands on himself.
Castiel slid his tablet from his pocket. “I think I am too.” He screwed up his face in an uncertain fashion.
Dean’s nudge was like a bolt of ice in his side. “Come on, man.”
He turned to her, trying to convey his desperation and worry over his fate - over hers - through his expression. Her gaze flicked over him, searching for a hint of uncertainty, so Castiel focused on keeping his mouth steady and his eyes level before glancing down at his tablet to type one more time. “Please.” He clasped his hands for emphasis, knuckles white with tension.
“You fucking better,” Dean said, voice tight. He pocketed the golden egg without further protest, and when the demons attacked, Dean cut his way through the nearest one and ran back down the path, shouting for Lucifer. Two demons peeled off after him, but Castiel couldn’t worry about them now. Nine demons grinned at him, armed with knives or trowels. Two of them bore the telltale silver gleam of a purloined angel blade and Castiel watched them closely.
“I guess I’ll just try a little bit in her mouth?” Charlie said, but her hands shook. Castiel looked at her with great sympathy. He couldn’t begin to imagine how she felt, but he could step in to ease her burden. Castiel took the pie and scooped a fingerful of the filling. With his other hand, he gently pulled down her lip and swiped the pie filling inside. Her mother’s lip closed over the ruby red filling.
Wind soughed through the courtyard, but it was only that. The early fall air was still warm, the sunlight golden and steady. Castiel looked up at the surrounding walls, at the drawn curtains and darkened panes showing rooms beyond. He wished he could just look inside. “You know, I even tried to think of a way I could sneak in. Like a TV show, I’d just steal a doctor’s coat and someone’s badge and walk right in.” He slumped further. “But I can’t. And I wish I knew how you were doing. You still haven’t come back home. To— to the house. And I’m so worried. What if you’re doing worse? What if I made you worse because I just keep pushing and pushing and—“
he instructed himself sternly.
Wind picked up the room. “I can feel it. Knowing that’s there. It’s like I finally get to read the end of a book.”
Castiel had always considered himself to be a bit of a recluse, happier on his own than in a crowd. Weeks of isolation paired with the strained intimacy of video meetings in his own home left their mark, however. Arriving home laden with groceries one day, he found himself talking to the cabinets in the kitchen with a feeling approaching desperation.
Castiel stared between the board the the rest of the now-quiet room. “Well, that was easy?” he said finally. “I hope.”
The final chapter is up! Thanks for reading <3
“Trust me,” Davies said.
Dean reached out and trailed a finger along Castiel’s jaw. “‘Course,” he said, roughly. “It helps to start with a spark.” Turning Castiel to him, Dean dipped low. Castiel’s lips were warm and soft with surprise at first, but they quickly turned greedy as he returned the kiss.
Dean peered through the doorway just in time to watch as the eldest princess, raven-haired and bedecked brightly as a bird, descended into a great hatch in the middle of their floor. Swearing silently, Dean crept into the room, and followed the princesses down.
Castiel gasped. “Sam?” he grunted with a mix of disbelief and hope.
There in the barn, ready to kill Anna as quickly and dispassionately as possible, she’d managed to set him off balance with a simple kiss. A simple touch. It was as if she’d been reminding Castiel that he could never have that. A touch, a kiss. Those were human things. Weren't they?
He thought about pulling back and using his tablet, but he needed to say this while the ideas were raw. “I understand if you want out,” he said. “Now that we know there might not be a cure.”
His mind heaved. He’d fallen asleep on the couch, he realized, the strain of the day before and his early morning flight dragging him down like a netted fish in the sea.
Castiel shook his head with a grimace, then pulled out his tablet. Rapidly, he looped his fingers on the keyboard, typing into his dictation app. A smooth, male voice emerged from its speakers. “I finally went to the Surly Cow last night. That bar you told me about?”
Dean brought his mouth up from between Castiel’s legs, tongue running between his teeth in a pleased way before he moved up to Castiel’s lips. He kissed him gently. He kissed him deeply.
Castiel decided. He advanced on the prisoner carefully, ready to end him quickly and run if this should prove to be a more elaborate trap. “Who are you?”
Castiel grabbed her hand and squeezed it in support.
“I’ve been practicing!” The light in the corner flickered at his delight.
Folding his hands, Castiel settled his arms on his knees and bowed his head. It felt like prayer, but more raw than he’d ever managed to summon at any other time in his life. “Dean,” he began. “I had this plan all cooked up. It’d be just like a movie. Perfect for you, right? I was gonna sit by your bed and take your hand. I was going to tell you— To tell you to your face that you’re still alive. Like maybe the sound of my voice—“
He felt himself blanch, then shook his head sharply before handing her phone back and typing, “You’re not going there. Too dangerous.”
“A first time,” Jenny agreed with a murderous grin. “And a last.”
“What?” Castiel said, astonished.
Dry bags kept their handguns and ammunition safe from the rain and sea. They pulled those out hurriedly and then advanced on the entrance to the belly of the ship. Just as they neared the door, a woman ran out, careening around the corner. Castiel had just a second to register her eyes going wide before they were on her. One shot to her shoulder and her own gun dropped. One blow to her head and she slumped to the deck, unconscious.
Castiel pressed his thumb against the bridge of his nose, willing away his blooming headache. “You’re saying this is all stress. And I’m just imagining all this?”
Castiel thumbed the numbers on the lock to 1957, the year Gas ‘n’ Sips were first established. It was, according to Paolo, the default combination - and one few shop owners tended to change. It didn’t work, though. “Conscientious owner,” Castiel muttered, leaning down towards the keypad. “Guess that’s why it’s hidden inside and not left bolted by the counter.” He listened carefully for the tumbler clicks inside the lock as he spun each number, one by one. “They must have known this was the end. Wonder why they didn’t take this?”
Castiel looked away, taking up the spatula and nudging at the avocado. The pieces left streaks of oil in their wake, like comet contrails. He still hadn’t managed to contact Dean’s brother and the more time that went on, the more he feared the worst.
The page was old - internet old - with a cascading marbleized background layered over blinking gifs of six pointed stars.
those pies, even after you knew how I felt and--”
Castiel wrinkled his nose and shook his head. The jerky would be enough to sustain him through a well-deserved nap. He could eat later. Before Dean could start the engine, Castiel laid a hand on his arm.
Figures moved further inside, dark shadows through the glass. Dean bent low and moved up the aisle, knife in one hand and gun in the other. Near the door to the main display rooms, Dean paused and looked back at Castiel. “Lay the traps first?” he whispered. “Or check for Lucifer?”
“Hey,” Kevin said easily, and Channing sent him a dimpled smile as well. Castiel flipped them a terribly awkward two fingered salute as he settled into the passenger seat. To cover his awkwardness, he turned his attention to Dean’s car. He ran a reverent finger along the dash and then write on his tablet, “She’s more beautiful up close.” This appeared to be the correct thing to say, because Dean beamed at him.
“Why would you help us?” Castiel asked, flexing his hand and feeling the sigil burn as his skin stretched over his knuckles.
“A chance for what?” casually, the witch ground herbs in the bowl.
Night began to fall properly, the rosy flush gone from the sky and the light of a few of the brighter stars straggling past the ambient city light to greet the market-goers. Castiel paused at a stall offering free samples of ice cream in small paper cups. He picked up two and was just reaching for the little wooden paddles that passed for tasting spoons when Dean gripped his arm.
“Tell us and we’ll let you live,” Dean said, pressing a white line of tension against the man’s throat again.
In Castiel’s dreams, he
“So perfect.” The sheets slithered down Castiel’s body, pulled by the forces Dean summoned. Fingers touched the hem of his shirt and Castiel stopped breathing for a moment. “I’d find out what you like,” Dean said, and Castiel exhaled. “Suck a mark into your throat. Push up your shirt.” The hem of Castiel’s shirt moved, sliding up his abdomen. Hair prickled along his trail and he raised both arms to the pillow like he was giving a lover space to work.
In Maltese, winter held the perfect amount of snow cover during the darkest days like the city was posing for a postcard. Castiel and Dean waded through powdery snow that glittered in the late sunshine as they stalked Central Park looking for the witch. The chill air was cold enough to make each breath just a little painful, but the sun warmed them far more than it had for the past few months. Castiel struggled for composure as they roved the park in wary silence. He had to keep a cool head. This needed to go perfectly.
That kept so many warm -
Castiel hurled the bottle towards Lucifer and watched it shatter in the center of that crisp, white suit. Flames spread across Sam’s body like a blanket. Lucifer shrieked once. Twice. And then he was gone, disappeared into the folds of the universe to escape the holy flame.
“What?” Dean parroted him, but unintentionally. His eyes were wide, his mouth slack in astonishment. “It— It didn’t work? I’m still here.”
Dean slumped down through the bedding as though the effort of holding himself above the covers was too much. “I shouldn’t have done that. Lost control. I don’t know what came over me.” He laid a translucent hand over his face and flickered. “Dunno what happened.”
When they kiss, it’s a revelation.
“There was a bracelet. Never took it off. He gave it to me when he was fifteen. He was so smart but…he had bored hands and thread safety pinned to his jeans. Kept him stable in class, you know? My idea,” Dean smiled and immediately solidified by several degrees. He looked at Castiel with clearer eyes. “I saw it in the house after I died. Sam had it. There was...there was blood on it. Guess someone cut it off. Gave it to him.”
Castiel shook his head, feeling slightly baffled by the casual environment of what surely must be a high security establishment. Before he’d left home, he thought that he had plenty of exposure to the high stakes business world. His family’s sprawling company seemed like the opposite of FutureTech; Novak Inc was a sea of dove-gray and white, overlaid by a culture of silence and subservience. It had never occurred to him that working for a large company could be fun or...happy. He’d arrived at FutureTech steeling himself against reminders of his past. Having his early expectations prove false was oddly soothing.
He felt other things too, of course, but those didn’t bear thinking about.
It had been easier for Dean to leave the life. He’d been wearing thin for years, since before Lucifer’s defeat. One day they’d been offered a deed to a small piece of land in northeastern Kansas by a grateful survivor of a vengeful haunting. To both Castiel’s and Sam’s surprise, Dean had accepted it on the spot. “I’m tired,” he’d explained to them both. “I deserve a rest. We all do.” Sam couldn’t settle down but Castiel steeled himself, like he always did, and took the plunge for Dean. With Dean.
An elderly woman pushed past the soldiers. She wore a soft peach suit and a string of pearls around her throat. “Stand down, Bevell,” she barked. “We’ll not make a bargain with either of them. We can use Winchester as bait and draw Lucifer to us.”
he thought.
Mag grinned steadily now, a full Cheshire grin. “It’ll cost ya, handsome.” She glanced towards the table, to where their bags lay between them. “I hear you got some interesting goods you could stand to part with.”
The grenade detonated at the crest of the human wave. Castiel got low in the driver’s seat and accelerated through the fire and blood. Gunshots surrounded him, deafened him. Bodies fell onto the Jeep, climbed onto the hood, and were blasted apart by Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Pretty empty,” Charlie murmured quietly. Castiel nodded. The sparsely populated bar didn’t make him feel any better. If anything, it felt more foreboding, like anything could happen to them now with few witnesses.
“I’m Dean Winchester,” he explained. “The latest in a long parade of fools here to solve the riddle of the princesses’ shoes. I’m either dead tomorrow, or I’m the next king. The way I see it, two guards aren’t a problem. And hey - I’ve been where you are.”
Castiel took a moment to work past the disbelief. “This is real?” Castiel asked through the machine. The computerized voice asked the question for him. It made it
“You just want to…sit outside?”
Castiel sat on the stoop and breathed it all in, enjoying the hum of insects until his ears finally picked up the sound he’d been waiting for: the deep rumble of Dean’s car.
Castiel slept and dreamed about fields of poppies blowing gently in the breeze and Charlie calling for him over the nodding flowers. Under the poppies, her mother slept low in the earth.
“Getting a weird feeling in there,” Dean muttered as they crossed the nearly empty main street, making straight for the gate at the far end of the town.
Armed with little more than hubris and hope, Castiel was determined to wake up Dean Winchester. If he could only get in there and just…talk to him. Press their palms together and see for himself that Dean was really
Dean immediately dragged him over to a long line in front of a big, blue-signed stall that read TOKENS. “I read about this. No money at the stalls,” Dean explained. “We buy tokens instead.” He jabbed his thumb behind them towards clouds of steam and smoke coming from a cluster of food vendors. “I’m starving. You don’t mind, do you?”
Castiel opened his eyes and leveled a glare at Dean. “How about we trade jobs?”
“He doesn’t have much,” Charlie said, a note of panic in her voice. “Neither do I. We’re just little fish, big pond, you know?”
Dean shrugged again. “Well. Me and about 6 other people. But yeah.” When he turned back to Castiel, he looked like a normal person. Like it was a normal day for him and not the upending of Castiel’s last twenty years of life.
Dean pushed Castiel back sharply so he could look into his eyes; Dean’s brow was lined in exasperation. “Cas,” he said painfully, then kissed him hard. Dean kissed Castiel with purpose, deep and long, like there were ideas beyond words that he was trying to pass between them.
He lay in bed, staring at the shifting light from headlights skating across his ceiling, and thought about the future.
Castiel groaned. But it would be the first time leaving Dean. Leaving Charlie. He stared at his broken screen, thumb rubbing along the cracks, and thought about it all. Charlie might miss him, if she ever came back from her top secret trip. And Dean? Could he ever forgive Castiel?
There was a sticker of a cartoon doberman next to it, edges worn gray. Maybe informal was how they did things here.
They stood and held each other for a long time, long enough that adrenaline began to crash down and away and Castiel became aware of pain throbbing at his side and temple.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Probably, he says.” He peered down low through the windshield, looking under the lip of the boat at the surrounding sky. “Getting dark. We should find a place to bunk down.”
He thought about Charlie’s advice when he’d told her he was done pursuing the witch.
“They killed half my team and sent the rest of us back as a warning. By now they’ve probably gotten to all the control crystals for the portal and—“
The sigh of wind rustled the room. “Good. That’s good. Don’t get yourself off yet. Close your eyes.” Castiel closed them. “I want you to picture me. I— I’m between your legs. Pushing them open.” Pressure at his knees made Castiel moan and he let his legs fall open, the sheet billowing down between them.
“You got it, babe,” Dean agreed. His grip was solid as he helped Castiel up from the bench. Sandwiched between his boyfriend and best friend, Castiel headed for lunch and tried to push away worries about tomorrow.
pies drained him now.
They made their way back to the shores of Lake Ontario slowly. Travel was cumbersome, even when it was just the two of them in a versatile vehicle. The world was too full of broken people, and crumbling places.
“Nah, gotta wait around for Kevin and Channing.” Dean sighed and slumped down, arms balanced on his knees. He stared at the sidewalk for some time before rolling his chin to look at Castiel. “Besides, I was having fun.” He looked at Castiel steadily. “Sorry if I ruined the night for you.”
“Don't move. Don’t talk,” she advised him in cool, deadly tone, but his shout had worked. Dean turned around in the booth with an incredulous and wildly relieved expression.
“Oh yeah?” Charlie asked. “What’s that?”
The screen door creaked open and clanked shut with a metallic clunk. “Been waiting for you,” Castiel greeted Dean warmly, crooking his arm over the back of the swing and grinning.
“Me?”
Castiel smoothly turned, berating himself for the excitement that flared because Dean ordered one of his hand-made pies, rather than a magical variety. He pulled one out, settled it into a little paper pie plate, and handed it to him across the counter. He expected Dean to leave then, but instead he stood there under Kevin’s amused stare and inhaled the fragrance of the pie.
Castiel nodded slowly, though the ache seemed to melt away at Dean’s touch, replaced by static anticipation. He closed his eyes as Dean began to work his hands along his spine, curving strong fingers over the musculature of his shoulders and running knuckles down the ridges of his spine. For his part, Dean was silent. Nothing but the press of his hands and his breathing described his presence until Dean paused to mutter, “Hold on.”
“I looked out for him my whole life. That I can’t be there for him now. It’s killing me, Cas.” A lightbulb blacked out in a sharp
“Castiel?” When he nodded, she beckoned him forward. “Thank you for coming in today. We’re going to get you started.”
The drop box was a tall, narrow cylinder with a hatch on the top. It was heavy, constructed of durable metal, and appeared intact. Castiel hefted the cylinder and was rewarded with the rattle of plastic and pills. He grinned at Dean, who rolled his eyes.
Dean slumped against the wall and inhaled the stone-damp air of the narrow stairwell. Servants moved silently past him like he had already failed. Like he was already dead. Maybe he was. Swallowing against rising bile, Dean fumbled his way down to the door that opened out to the kitchen yard of the vast Harroway castle. He could do this. He could save himself. Right? It was a fairy tale palace, and if he survived he would one day rule it alongside his queen.
Castiel wrinkled his nose, trying to picture the flavor. Dean laughed at him and knocked a fingertip across the tip of his nose, leaving a streak of rosemary scent there. “You know how you eat something when you’re young and it’s just the best? That was the height of gourmet for me, man. Cheese on pie. It was revolutionary.”
. Car keys. Phone. Wallet. No further words needed to be said. They could mail him back his clothing, his tablet. It didn’t matter. All that mattered at the moment was his body screaming at him to run.
“I’d complain that you’re trying to show me up,” Dean said as he helped unbox the next pie - a more traditional pumpkin with cleanly constructed pastry oak leaves. “But I knew what I was getting into.”
Dean pulled back, then tapped a delicate cord crossing over Castiel’s brow. Castiel stopped breathing as Dean’s touch lingered for a moment. Dean surveyed his setup critically. “Okay, I’m gonna turn this on and get some resting readings, and then we’ll work through some exercises.” Dean flicked a switch behind Castiel’s ear.
“You really think we could save Sammy?” Dean’s voice was small. Exhausted.
“Oh.” Castiel looked around the house warily. “And you died here.” He’d delivered the question as a sure statement, but the pointer swung immediately to NO. “Are you looking for him? I, uh, don’t really know how ghosts work. He’s not here.” The fact leaked out with an accusatory tone. “Your brother is in California as far as I know.”
Dean waved a dismissive hand. “Thanks for coming, man. Uh, you need help finding your way out?”
It is,” Castiel agreed pleasantly. “You must have abstained from food and drink as well?”
Finally, Castiel nodded. And then he nodded some more and slid the tablet back to the table before wrapping his fingers in the soft cotton of Dean’s shirt and settling his wrists against him, pushing Dean into the cushions. He was tired of fretting over words like any one wrongly dropped might trigger a bomb blast. Since Dean was here and already melting backward under Castiel’s touch, it was time to make the most of what he had. What he had was a hot boyfriend, and a date for Thanksgiving.
I mean. I can get you a voice. Not yours.”
Castiel hummed with pleasure, and the anticipation of more. “Good,” he said a little breathlessly. With his other hand, he cast Vonnegut to the side as Dean shifted to press the back of his head deep into Castiel’s lap. Castiel jolted at the touch and brought his hand to Dean’s nipple, stroking it firmly with his thumb. “Good,” he whispered. “Let me show you how much.”
They surged together like mingling tides. Castiel left both unspoken regrets and reassurances in a blazing trail across Dean’s skin. And the next morning while they lay tangled in Castiel’s bed, they talked about light things. Parties and nephews and the perfect flavor of pie to impress a sister-in-law.
Gold and diamond foliage, it turned out, went a long way towards buying a secure academic career and every comfort Dean could wish for Sam. With nothing left for himself, Dean left his brother again and set out with Castiel’s cloak embracing him. Its magic as solid as ever, Dean faded into the misty morning like a spirit walking the earth.
Avery toddled in, pursued by Eileen, and the spell broke.
He felt light, giddy even, as he replayed Dean’s carefree wink and casual jests. That Dean Winchester...he was an odd one to pin down. He wanted to sit him down and question him, drink the quirks of his mouth and his pooling gaze.
Guards ushered Castiel and Dean back to a quiet, closed back room at the back of the bar. Castiel could practically feel the pistol pointed at his head, like a round ring of electricity. He tasted bile; his stomach roiled.
With a loud crack, the lightbulbs burst, tossing the kitchen to darkness. The wind stopped just as quickly as it had begun, and the cold fled just as suddenly. It took several moments for Castiel to lower his shaking hands, and another minute for him to curse and rush to push the burning pan from the stove and switch it off.
Castiel closed his eyes, summoned the distant reaches of his power, and
“And everything changed?” Dean asked quietly. “Yeah, I got an idea what that’s like.” Dean’s fingers danced across the back of Castiel’s hand, tracing the tendons to his bloodied knuckles. “We gotta get you cleaned up.” His voice was rough and low and when Castiel glanced at him, his gaze was captured by Dean’s look of unfathomable tenderness.
They communicated silently as they cleared the house. The window appeared to have been broken from the inside, like one of the inhabitants had been desperate or crazed to escape. The inside of the house appeared to be more or less intact, although Castiel scared up a family of possums who scattered like oversized rats before him. He laughed as Dean cursed at their passage, eyes glowing bright in the beam of their flashlights.
Dean was
Can’t make it to Thanksgiving after all.
They drove through the meandering hills of New York’s coast with a wooden rowboat tied to the roll bars of the Jeep. The wood creaked and moaned with every turn and rattle of the road but the bleating of the sheep Dean had captured and hog-tied drowned it all out.
“I wanted to enjoy the snow,” Charlie complained. “It’s a lot more fun looking at it than driving in it.” She rubbed at her hands and then blew on them, glancing sideways at him. “And I wanted somewhere quiet to talk. Somewhere private.”
The rooms toward the center of the building showed evidence of being lived in, with fresh trash balled up on tables and areas where the dust hadn’t had an opportunity to settle. A contingent of Lucifer’s soldiers were stationed here, long term by the looks of it.
That perches in the soul -
Castiel blinked at him, confused. He nodded slowly.
Something hard and sticky lay there. Castiel picked up the ball of singed dough and hurled it sightlessly at the wall. He heard it crack into the plaster and fracture, pieces of pie spattering to the floor. His mouth tasted like he’d been sucking on firewood, all cinder and char.
The buzzer rang again and he pushed himself upright, then fumbled in his pocket for his phone. It wasn’t there.
he thought with wonder. They’d spoken about family on one of their first dates, the conversation spinning into darker territory than either of them had probably planned. Castiel had learned a little more about Dean’s unsteady childhood, and Castiel had told him a little bit about his awful run of institutional “therapy” that had culminated in him leaving home. Dean remembered that Charlie was Castiel’s family now, though it hadn’t been mentioned since, and he was astonished at his solicitude.
“I don’t think so, no. You’ve been hell bent on that as your hail Mary for years now. Just...hear me out, okay?” Castiel wasn’t quite ready to meet Dean’s baleful glare just yet and stared at the road as he talked. He told Dean about the prisoner he had found, and what Ketch had said about an artifact with the power to rip an archangel from his vessel.
to bolster his efforts.
As Dean walked away, Castiel brushed the card to the side, under a stack of paper napkins. He pasted a smile on his face, his customer service mask feeling like a concrete weight for the rest of the day.
“Pumpkin spice this far from fall? Daring.” Dean tapped a nail on the glass. “And yes, that is absolutely up my alley. One of those, please.” He rocked back on his heels to look up at Castiel. “Business good?”
Dean gestures to the ground next to him like a salesman showing off the sparkling hood of a new car. He flips his palm and smacks it against the ground.
“You carried yourself down here on your own feet,” Castiel said, a little coldly. He snatched his hands away.
When Mag finally arrived, she was revealed to be a short, compact woman with steely thick forearms and a cool expression. “So you’re the new boys in town,” she said, expertly scanning them. Her gaze lit on their weaponry and seemed to linger on the hidden pockets that held blades and bullets. “Justice said you’re looking for a strange ship? Explain.”
Chill blasts of air scraped through the halls and slammed doors that should be ajar, and immobile. There’d been no more vegetable explosions, but that was a small comfort. Like a punchline to a bad joke, after a rash of inexplicable cold and strange thumps in the walls, he’d find his kitchen cabinets flung open once again.
Guilt lays low in his bowels and Castiel slips a wary hand to his abdomen before dropping it to his side again, a momentary lapse. He should not be standing here, doubting God’s plan. Dean Winchester is a part of a hedge that must be clipped, but Castiel would rather see him - would rather see everyone - making their own brief butterfly flashes against the sky.
“So,” he wrote at last, “I guess our evening plans are cancelled?”
There’s blood smeared down one white wall, dark red except where fumbling fingertips scraped it thin. There, it’s brown, and shows the path of the hand clearly as it traveled down to the floor. The angel’s body is gone, but the blood of Castiel's dead soldier remains as a warning. Castiel grips his blade and feels it sing against his palm.
“Well, I have always had a fondness for a guppy,” Crowley said with a wide smile. “I’ve been looking into you,
Dean narrowed his eyes as Castiel froze. His contingency plan to flee town whirled through his mind even as the thought of leaving Dean and Charlie tore at him. “You wouldn’t.”
Castiel frowned, and pushed away his mother’s words forcefully.
Dean grinned and covered Castiel’s hand with his own. “Good,” he said with a gentle squeeze. “You said you always do holidays with Charlie. D’you… Did you want to invite her too?
That thought crushed him most of all and he curled in on himself, drawing his knees up to his chest.
“Explain to me again why we can’t kill the damn bag of wool right now?” Dean shouted over the ruckus.
Now Castiel watched movies with a ghost and talked to him about his day like it was perfectly normal to seek the opinions of a resident spirit. It was something about the way Dean spoke to him - casual and pleased to see him - that set Castiel at ease. It made him feel normal, if normal included bundling up constantly in the middle of summer. Of course, nothing about the situation was truly…normal.
“Are you going to skulk around the edges of the ballroom all night? Or will you dance?”
In the morning, Charlie went alone to visit her mother in the ICU while Dean and Castiel did their best to distract the nursing staff just beyond the wing which held Mrs. Middleton’s bed. Dean had descended into full flirtation mode.
The nearest demon, a petite woman armed with angel blade, laughed as he did so and then launched forward, weapon raised. Castiel cut the demon’s laugh in half with his own blade, jabbing his sword into the woman’s jaw. He whirled on her as she fell, and took possession of her blade. Now armed with two angel blades, Castiel lost himself in the fight, letting instinct take over.
“No. No,” Castiel shook his head and took a step back. “I understand. I— Thank you. How is he doing? How’s Dean?”
“If we die,” Castiel insisted against Dean’s upside down scowl. “I will find you in Heaven. I hope.”
The pointer interrupted his rambling, sliding away and centering itself on the board as though it were waiting for Castiel. “You said ‘Sam,’” Castiel began again. “Sammy? Did you know the person who lived here?”
As the HPG whirred into full power, Lucifer began to scream, battering against the cage of the angel trap with white-knuckled fists. Dean watched his brother scream, grim and determined as Lucifer streamed in a shock of blue light from his brother’s mouth.
“Outside of Detroit. Lucifer had him.”
Charlie had told him that she’d carefully kept their identities secret, veiled beneath vague usernames and shadow accounts.
Dean sniffed them warily, then with greater glee. “Onions?” he asked.
“Okay. Cover me.”
Castiel waited for him at the lake’s edge. He sat placidly at the prow of a beached boat, but when he saw Dean his eyes went wide, as though Dean was a dream - and not the other way around.
Dean’s look of disbelief conveyed reams of feelings on the subject. “Believe me,” he said. “It’s never just ice cream. Not when there’s magic involved.”
“I didn’t know you knew sign language.” Both of them turned to Kevin who, Castiel was ashamed to realize, he had completely forgotten about. Kevin’s glance between them seemed to indicate that he was perfectly aware of this, but his smile was easy as he asked, “Are you learning it for work?”
“I’m fine,” Castiel assured him. “Don’t worry about me. It’s just a little cut. A scratch, really.”
Charlie once again led the way, sliding into the booth opposite Crowley. Castiel settled next to her, grim imagination settling over him. He shouldn’t have brought her here. He was an absolute fool for allowing this. Faced with this frighteningly cheerful man, all he could focus on was how to get Charlie out of the bar without falling prey to whatever dark forces frequented the bar. She was his family - his
a competition, by the way. Someone’s got to take Dean down a notch. We’re hosting.
When the boat ground into the shore, rocks scraping the hull, Dean’s eyes flicked open. He gathered himself, quick as anything, and followed the princess from the skiff. Dodging around them, hanging behind them, Dean followed the princesses and their silent escorts away from the lake, and towards the massive castle.
“If they are,” Castiel mused, “they might know about this ship we’re trying to find.” He squinted at the town. He and Dean would be massively outgunned and outmanned if they breached the town fence, and the same appeared to be the case even if they made it in through the gate. “I think it’s worth trying to talk our way in.”
“I--” Castiel was so taken aback by Amara’s blunt questions that his words stopped and an empty crust emerged. “My mother is fine. Healthy,” he said cautiously, and filling chased the crust to the ground.
What he found in the Fern Room made his heart sink. The concrete floor was cracked in one long, jagged line which had split the two angel traps on the floor into nothing but ineffective paint. Dean was sprawled at the far end of the room, apparently pinned to the path with Lucifer looming over him.
“I dunno, Clarence. Torturing you is pretty fun, as it turns out.”
“You should go,” Castiel said. “Your princesses will leave soon and you must go with them.” He raised a hand, and an attendant materialized from the hedgerow, holding the gray cloak over her arm. Castiel shook it out and wrapped it around Dean’s shoulders.
Castiel set his jaw. Tried to breathe.
* * *
Castiel nodded numbly.
Castiel decided as he pretended to have absolutely no interest whatsoever in his very attractive boyfriend and every interest in the story he was listening to about bunion care.
“Last we— Cas, buddy. Cmon.”
Castiel’s hands flew up. “Don’t. Whatever you’re going to say, just wait.” He pulled one of Dean’s hands into his, a move so immediately distracting that Dean was rendered speechless. “Dean, you shouldn’t be dead.”
“You had a store?” Dean asked. “Like a bakery?”
One evening, Castiel had finally fallen into fitful sleep only to stumble into a dream. In his dream, he left his house to go for a run and a powerful windstorm scraped the trees down to kiss the rooftops of his neighborhood. He ran from house to house desperately trying to lash down the whipping branches. The winches on the thick nylon straps he’d wrapped around the crowns splintered apart in his hands, shards cold - like ice slicing into his palms. “Come on,” he groaned into the wind. “Come
“That should do it. Fire’s supposed to set me - uh, ghosts - free. Right?”
As though summoned by his thought, the Conservatory rattled like it was caught in the grip of a minor earthquake. “Dean!” Castiel spun around and ran for the Fern Room, hoping beyond hope to find Lucifer snared there.
Castiel glanced towards the distant palace where the two guards bled into the dirt. “Indeed.” Frowning, he asked quickly, “Tell me. Why do you wish to be king?”
Danvers glanced back. “We didn’t get there yet,” he said smoothly, as though he’d just been interrupted mid-interview. “They’re after the hyperbolic pulse generator, Bevell.”
“I’ve been alive for...hundreds of thousands of years,” Castiel began.
Castiel shrugged. “It’s not all bad,” he wrote, making several choices at once. As Dean watched him, Castiel let a grin grow. “I got you in a dark street all to myself.”
he thought.
“Obviously. A man’s got a right to go naked in his own afterlife.”
Charlie shivered in the cold breeze. Flecks of fallen snow danced across the rooftop in artful swirls. “If you’re cold, we can head downstairs,” Castiel wrote on his new tablet before stowing it back into the warmth of his coat.
“It’s s’posed to bring good luck. Bring you your heart’s desire,” Dean spat. “Instead it burned our house down and...and our mom with it.” The fire department said it was just a candle that caught the living room on fire but I-- Me and my dad. We knew the truth. There was purple smoke all around the house, curling out from the door. Magic,” he said. “The color of magic.”
However, Sam Winchester seemed to have dropped off the face of the earth as soon as the house sale had been finalized. According to Castiel’s network of realtors, his phone number was disconnected and he hadn’t replied to his former realtor’s conscientiously written email about possessions discovered in his former home.
Castiel growled - actually growled - and it tasted like earth and blood behind his teeth.
“I’m sorry,” he said at last and a sour cherry pie emerged. Castiel caught it out of long habit and held it in his palm, unsure of what to do with it and knowing he could not hide it.
“Charming.” She quirked one eyebrow at Dean before swiveling to Castiel. “But then you must be the monster.”
Raising his arm high, he waved her over before turning back to the cityscape, letting her crunching footsteps close the distance between them.
Dean settled next to him and rested surprisingly gentle fingers at the nape of Castiel’s neck. “Where’s it bothering you. Here?”
“You go,” Charlie said. “I need to talk to Doctor Vancour and I’m not sure how long that’ll take. I can just Uber—”
Disappointment sunk like a stone, quickly followed by fear as a more horrible scenario sprang to mind. He’d heard the rumors of a task force that traveled the city and prosecuted magic users. Maybe they’d found him. Maybe Crowley had finally tipped them off. Or maybe Dean--
Dean peered at the distant boat. “It’s a ways out,” he remarked. “And nothing between here and there but water. Gonna need to head out there under darkness.” He grimaced. “And find a boat.”
There was a longer silence this time. “Buried? What the hell are you talking about?”
The man gasped roughly, coughed once, and then reached up to straighten his tie. “Who are you, and what are you doing on this ship?”
to see Castiel. If he didn’t currently have a gun pointed at his head, he’d be in a mood to celebrate. “You shouldn’t be here,” Dean growled.
Dean didn’t kiss him again, but Castiel could feel him like a steady, swirling energy at the base of his throat, his jaw, the shell of his ear. Dean’s palm curved around Castiel’s shin, dipped under the sheet to cup the long muscle of his calf. His fingers started to travel upward. Inward. “Lay down?”
“Wait. Back up. You had holy oil?
Mag shoveled the medicine into a bag she’d produced from a hidden pocket. “You don’t seem shocked by magic,” she said, apparently willing to be more open once she had the goods in hand.
“So much was broken. And the bracelet? I didn’t see it again.” Dean gasped and wind sloughed through the room. “There were holes in the walls, Cas. I punched holes in the walls. Sammy got ‘em patched up and then—”
“Last week!”
in the house. Nothing more.
Digging through the memory, Castiel saw the chain of events through Amara’s eyes. “So my pies can...heal?” The pie that emerged was just as wobbly as his understanding.
The first few months of Castiel’s life in his new home had been spent with an invisible ghost, living with cold and wind and a nameless fear. But the ghost of Dean Winchester had grown more manifest over the course of several weeks.
“What a nightmare,” Dean said fondly. He looked around the room. “So which vamp was— Oh.”
Castiel nodded solemnly at her and wrapped an arm around her shoulder in comfort. Charlie had returned a week ago with a shadow behind her smile, and excuses when he probed at her absence. She’d been cagey over texts up until then. He’d been worried and that worry had started to sour his pies if he dwelled on it too much. If he’d been working hard at any one life lesson, it was the importance of addressing problems before they became insurmountable.
“My whole life,” Dean muttered, image sputtering now like a failing hologram. “My whole life.” His look was sudden and jarring in its directness as he met Castiel’s gaze. He looked lost. Afraid. Small. “Where’s Sam?” he asked. Dean’s voice fell into something small and achingly young. “Where’s my dad?”
Castiel stared at his phone, mind stalling on what he could say. He needed to keep some distance, right? Who knew if Crowley was still looking into his life or how far he would go to get what he wanted? He might try to blackmail Castiel. For the hundredth time, Castiel cursed himself for ever revealing his secret. In fact, he should have left town as soon as Charlie had uncovered it. It was just safer that way for everyone.
“He…he died. Your dad did,” Castiel said swiftly. “I don’t know about Sam.” He held up both hands. “I’m helping you
Lucifer ambled over then, a look of delight in his eyes as he surveyed the imbalanced standoff. “Do you like it?” he asked them.
But Dean overrides him with a simple, breathless, “I love you, too.”
“You gotta be gentle,” Dean said, a cool breeze over his shoulder. “Hold it like this.” Dean guided their hands to the side. “And then you slide the knife.” Together, they carefully sliced into the avocado, making neat quarters. “You skin ‘em, we’ll bread ‘em, and then we’ll fry ‘em,” Dean said with gusto. “Trust me, these make the best burritos.”
“He’s lying,” Castiel growled.
.” She sighed heavily, as though acknowledging a deep burden of her own. “Far too frequent an occurrence for the emotionally compromised, I suppose.”
Castiel clung to Charlie and squeezed his eyes shut. He was tired of the search, tired of the danger posed every time he tested Maltese’s turbulent magical waters in his hunt for the witch.
Weeks ago Castiel had finally converted his second bedroom into an office. As the pandemic lumbered on, he ordered a desk and a chair and an actual home printer. That afternoon, he’d printed off a report so he could lay it out across the floor, get down on his knees with a pencil, and work the presentation into something better. One of the sheets had wafted out of the stack and sifted lazily through the air - only to slot itself perfectly into the gap between the wall and the baseboard.
Castiel set down the peeled avocado on the cutting board and turned towards Dean. The ghost regarded him back warmly, his lips turned up in a self-deprecating smile. Castiel took his time taking him in. Dean’s eyes were warm and green and
They skirted wide of Toledo, crossing out of Michigan on the edges of a small barely-a-town lost in a corner of Ohio. After drawing a low loop through the state they slowly shifted their journey towards the water. If there was a British ship on the lakes, they could learn more from those who now made their home there.
The prisoner’s own outfit appeared to have once been expensive; he wore a thick wool coat that was torn and bloody, but would have once been soft and crisp. He would have been perfectly in sync with angels in that matter, and their preoccupation with fine, neat clothing. “I don’t know about ‘the resistance.’ But my people...We fight against Lucifer,” Castiel said. “We’re here to kill him.”
Dean must have read his intentions because he scrambled backwards, gaining his footing on the cracked floor. “Hey asshole! Come get me!” he yelled.
“No visitors? But—“
Castiel rushed forward, but the two imposing women at the bar stood up and swiftly intercepted him. One of the guards lifted the flap of her jacket a fraction so she could pointedly stroke the barrel of a firearm holstered there. She looked at Castiel with one brow raised meaningfully.
She poked him in the side, playfully. It seemed to signal a shift in subject and Castiel went along with it willingly. “You know,” Charlie said. “I’ve been thinking a lot about what we talked about last week. You giving up on finding the witch. And I think it’s a good idea. In fact, I think it’s the best idea. It’ll be so good for you to move on with your life and just...start living it.” Charlie sounded wistful, and Castiel was hit with the sudden realization that she was wishing the same thing for herself. He ached, knowing that she wasn’t ready to confide in him, and he resolved to be there for her in whatever way he could.
“What?” Dean asked, leaning low, hands stilled on Castiel’s upper arms. “Is this good?”
. We’re fine,” Dean said, reading his mood easily. He cocked his head to one side and brought up his hand, laying one finger gently along Castiel’s lower lip. He cleared his throat. “Hey, that noise you just made. Didn’t see any pies? How does that work, exactly?”
Dean shook his head, seemingly oblivious to Castiel’s discomfort. His expression turned on a dime into something strangely like childish delight. “Do you speak ASL?” he asked, hands swiftly moving with his words. “Because I’d love someone else to practice with.”
Dean snatched up the cook kit. “Come on, man. Let’s go. Bedroom. You and me.” Castiel tilted his head inquiringly and he continued, “You think I’m gonna let you fuck up your back sleeping on the couch? Maybe you wanna cuddle with possums, but I need you fresh for the fight tomorrow.”
Castiel felt numb. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said at last. “What does any of this have to do with my mother? All I know is, I gave you a pie when I passed you on the road, and after that, I was cursed.”
“Try me,” Crowley said. “You know what? This is foolish. Take them out back,” he told the guards. “Where we can have a little more privacy.”
Dean was down on the ground, moving feebly. He looked towards Castiel with hooded eyes, slipping towards unconsciousness. Heaving himself upright on one arm only had the effect of toppling him to sprawl along the stone path, rather than the wall.
“Cas, I don’t deserve—“
“Cas,” Dean growled. “You can’t take on this many--.”
. He shook his head sharply, a stormcloud growing on his face, and Crowley held up both hands.
It was an unremarkable place, sparsely furnished with used furniture and a view directly into the apartments across the street. He hadn’t liked to bring Dean here, preferring instead to meet him out - at Dean’s place, at the Comm, at a restaurant. But Dean had somehow managed to leave his mark here all the same. Dean’s DVDs sat on the low table next to his TV. One of Dean’s flannels was slung over the couch Charlie had talked him into buying.
was something to cut the jitters, weed them out of him like a fierce gardener and discard his anxieties like so many weeds in a corner of his mind. Castiel swallowed hard and stared at them for several solid breaths before plucking them up and dropping them to one side. Those would fetch favors - help they might need in their quest to defeat Lucifer. Who knows what - or who - they would need to buy along the way.
Once he made sure Dean’s vision had cleared, Castiel turned back to the wheel. His knuckles burned white with tension. “You ready now?” he asked shortly.
“I’ll kiss my way up your— Your gorgeous thighs. Fuck, they’re just so… And then I’ll spend some time there in that hollow between your leg and your— Do you want me to touch you?”
“Yeah. It was.” Dean set the spoon on the log beside him and gestured around. “ You know, out here, it doesn’t feel like the end.”
Giddy thoughts kept trying to interfere: after this they’d go out to celebrate. Like Dean, like nearly everyone else, Castiel would order food by calmly telling the waitstaff his order. Compared to other fantasies, it might seem minor, but to Castiel one tiny, normal activity felt like the height of years of yearning.
In the camp, it was share and share alike, which was why Castiel hoarded. He scavenged and he hid things and he waited. Sometimes, thinking of the arsenal he’d managed to squirrel away over the past few years, he wondered if he had held onto things too long. Would a weapon or magical artifact he’d found have saved a life down the line? But the strategist in him kept quiet and kept his weapons close.
Most of the time, Castiel thinks about fleeing again. They’ve killed five leviathan this week, or this month, or however time passes in Purgatory. It’s clear to him that he’s bringing them to Dean. The way Dean’s hand shakes when the adrenaline from each encounter starts to wear off tells Castiel that the onslaught is new. It’s clear in the way the vampire rolls his eyes expansively every time Dean sharply announces that Castiel is “getting out” with them, that Castiel is a burden.
“Oh, I haven’t had a boyfriend in-- I’m not dating anyone.” Flustered, Castiel mustered up the facsimile of casual confidence and winked heavily. “If I accepted every proposal I ever got over my pies…” Castiel pretended to calculate an excessive number on his fingers.
Dean dropped his chin to his hand theatrically. “Penny for your thoughts?”
Castiel thought, remembering his own mother’s miraculous recovery. He’d wanted to stay by her side for days afterward just to make sure she was really okay and her recovery hadn’t just been a cruel dream. He pulled Dean the rest of the way out of the ICU.
They each fished into their pockets, pulling out the bespelled crystals they’d created and dropping them to the four points surrounding the circle. Castiel ripped his shirt up to expose his torso and Dean did the same.
“That’s very kind of you,” the man said slowly. “But you don’t need to do that.”
Okay. So, one down. Now, how was I going to pull off the rest? And still have it fit with the cover? And be interesting? ARGH!
he tries.
“Jesus fuck!” Castiel shouted, dropping the mug in his hand. It spilled tea across the floor and a large chip splintered off the lip. Castiel stared accusingly at Dean, and then at his mug.
Dean paid for their drinks with a pair of finely wrought blades, military sharp and expensive as hell even in pre-Fall America. The bartender slid them into her shirt, slotting them in some unseen article of clothing, and nodded at them as though they’d just signed a contract.
Dean raises his eyebrows expectantly, one hand braced against the ground and a knee poised to stand. Castiel deflates. “Fine.” One hand fumbles for his pocket and then flutters away - an old habit that came back to him when Dean found him. Like his hand has no control and must be contained or it will reach out and—
“A very indecisive one,” Castiel remonstrated. He gestured to the green lawn at large, and the vast expanse of space between his truck and the rest of the party. “You’re keeping my many customers waiting.”
Sam shook himself. “Uh, Dean’s not here. He went to find you.”
“No. No deal.”
Dean shivered like a spirit passed through him. “Yeah, I’m not most people.” He applied a cocky grin to the situation and eased back, resting his elbow on his knee. “And you lucked out. I just so happen to be the person at the palace with the least to fear from those two leatherheads.”
“Cas,” he said quietly in response to Castiel’s sharp breath. The circles under Dean’s eyes were darker than usual, as though he hadn’t slept. Which, of course, he hadn’t. Castiel could see his curtains rippling beyond Dean. Through Dean.
Gratefully, Castiel moved then, leaning under the wing of Dean’s arm and settling the blanket over both of them. Nearly instantly, he felt better. Warmer.
* * *
“Eternal tickle fight. Bold move.” The wind dropped as Castiel moved towards the door, the bracelet in hand.
“Mmm. We’ve been surveilling this area for months now and never once gotten close. Holding Winchester we might have a chance but…” Davies glanced away as though looking behind the ship’s hull. “I believe we’re on the brink. The world will either lose its balance or we can stop it just in time to catch ourselves before falling into true hell. Would you agree?”
Lips pressed together, Castiel fumbled in the covers between himself and Dean until he found it, a small sticky-sweet pie, only slightly crushed. Castiel rolled back against his pillow while Dean slept on and closed his eyes.
Castiel nodded vigorously.
“Uh.”
Once settled in the back seat, Charlie rested her elbows on the seat cushion between Dean and Castiel. “So, we’re ready for this, right? Tomorrow’s the solstice. Do we have everything we need?”
“She does come here from time to time. Haven’t seen her lately,” Crowley said quickly and held up a forestalling finger. “But I do think I could make a deal with you to locate your witchy friend.”
Castiel looks over again and Dean smiles. Actually smiles - big and bright against the gray underworld. And that’s it. Castiel is pulled into orbit again, as quick as ever. He listens as Dean spins the story, laughs in all the right places when he sees the spark hit his eyes just right. Castiel marvels at it - at Dean - and how he can find such joy in his memories even among such bleak surroundings. Memory only seems to bring Castiel pain. The shade of his own dark legacy retreats for a while in Dean’s sunshine.
“Outside,” Castiel said. “Please.” He caught the exhausted cheese pie and tossed it across the room to the little wastebasket in the corner. It fell into it neatly and Castiel dusted his hands.
Castiel stared at the business card in his hand. It read:
“Thank you?” Castiel said, although the tablet delivered the line without any unusual inflection since he had failed to add any punctuation.
Castiel didn’t bother to respond to that, though he added another check mark to his own internal list of grievances against the world. “The demons have been holding you captive. Why?”
If cities were hotbeds of virus-maddened humanity, rural areas were either paranoid enclaves or abandoned entirely. Whenever they passed another occupied vehicle, the encounter was always weighted with fear. Castiel and Dean would eye the other vehicle warily, and get the same in return. Only after several minutes of solitude on the road would a sense of safety begin to return. There was just as much to fear from humans, after all.
Dean ignored the amused question at first, too fixed on the revelry and tracking Harroway's princesses in case he must flee with them. Down in this cavernous kingdom, he doubted his ability to track the hours on his own.
Castiel, through long practice, drank his own searing drink stone-faced before settling back to beckon the bartender over. “We’re looking for some information,” he said quietly. “About a ship that might be on the lakes. We need to talk to someone who knows the water.”
Castiel eyed the dank interior warily. The walls were painted black where they weren’t old chipped wood paneling, and roughly hewn boards had been added around the booths ringing the room like a shoddy attempt at creating a conference center’s business stations. He could see figures moving inside the little sheltered booths and wondered what deals were brokered there. What threats were made.
Castiel felt like the air around them shift into a tighter state; the booth suddenly seemed doubly close. “He did?” he managed to ask casually.
Before he could do anything, or try to move, Amara pressed two fingers to the center of his forehead. “I’ll show you,” she said, and then the park around him faded away.
“I come home from work and everything - I mean
The planchette remained on YES and seemed to vibrate. “Okay. Uh. Maybe that was a stupid question. I didn’t know ghosts were real. So I’m not really sure where to even begin but I guess…”
Dean snorted derisively, though he’d listened to Castiel with steady attention. “If this Ketch guy was so handy, why the hell didn’t you bring him along?”
“Yeah, yeah. You’re an old man,” Dean said.
He had just finished entering his finely strategized medical history and settled back in one of the waiting chairs, when a door on the far end of the reception area opened and a casually-dressed woman stepped through it. She smiled broadly, pleasant face gleaming when she saw him.
“Wonder where he is.” The question turned tinny like it had been murmured into an empty can. Dean blinked out with his entire body, before flashing back half embedded in the counter. When he looked up at Castiel again, his eyes were lost, gaze distant. “Where’s Sam?”
When he’s given space enough, Castiel looks at Dean. “You
Dean let himself be steered down and over onto his side. Castiel climbed on top of him and pressed a grinning kiss to Dean’s reddened lips. He fitted himself between Dean’s legs and settled his attention on Dean’s throat. His thumbs traced runelike curves along his hip bones before sliding closer to his cock. Dean let out a choked groan.
The lights were on in the hallway, casting a firm yellow light across the foot of his bed as Castiel climbed under the covers. He lay there for a long time, whiskey souring his stomach and adrenaline still spiking whenever he relaxed enough to feel like he was falling asleep.
“Okay, just wanted to make sure. Other me’s don’t always have a great track record.
He waited and the words didn't come. The ground felt...distant...both above and below him. His feet detached from his body, and his hands as well. Sound became something high and distant. For all he knew, somebody else was holding onto Mrs. Middleton’s hand and praying for the power to heal her.
The woman approached, hands poised perfectly on her hips. She made an elaborate show of sizing Dean up and down before shrugging. “I suppose, as idiotic as you are, we could make use of you there. Lucifer is riding your brother, is he not?”
with such vitriol that it shook Castiel out of the pleased fog he’d allowed himself to drift into. He felt his face settle into a mulish expression but found he didn’t care as he jerked his tablet from his pocket and wrote, “It’s just ice cream.”
Castiel repeated the information he’d garnered from Ketch, regretting now that he hadn’t taken the time to get more specifics from him. There hadn’t been time, coming up against the ticking time bomb of the general assault on the compound.
“How the hell was I supposed to know that?” Castiel asked in frustration, swatting a burned pie as it fell. “I was a kid! And nobody I knew even believed in magic before… Before me.”
“I used to make this for Sammy. For a while we lived down around Chula Vista,” Dean said as Castiel was preparing dinner. “No,” he paused with a sharp laugh. “You’ll crush ‘em before you even get started.”
“He would never,” Eileen interjected, slicing through the air with a decisive hand.
Dean grinned as hope lit him up. “Sorry I took so long. Family obligations.”
“Sorry?” Amara asked, looking confused.
Just inside the gate crowds started to coalesce. Rows of open air or canopied stalls marched down either side of the street. Banners flapped in the light breeze. Above the general din, Castiel could hear barkers shouting their wares to passersby.
“What, like that helped you?”
“You know it.” Dean’s gaze moved along Castiel like he was drinking him in. “I’m ready. Cas, I’m ready now.”
“Difference,” Charlie amended.
How one man, in the age of internet connectivity and goddamn social media, could be so elusive was beyond Castiel’s comprehension. He’d crafted a story to his realtor about finding something of Sam’s in the house. That the thing was
Eileen leaned across the counter and flicked Dean on the shoulder. “These smell amazing,” she said appreciatively to Castiel. She craned her neck to read Castiel’s tablet. His mouth dropped open in dismay. Between Sam’s boisterous shouting and Dean’s rumpled kitchen greeting, Castiel had forgotten to include Eileen in the conversation. He knew she read lips, but with the tablet he hadn’t any need for mouthing the words and--
“What if she makes it worse? What if she
Charlie froze, then rolled her shoulders towards him, her face lined with chagrin. “Alicia told you? I swear the Comm is just one big nest of gossip.”
“Again. Ghost 101. Any dumbass can write that down.”
“You say there was someone you knew among the monsters?”
Castiel dropped down to the deck, wincing at the clang of his heels on the perforated metal planking. Dean landed beside him, tapping Castiel’s shoulder to get his attention before gesturing towards the aft of the ship. Castiel nodded shortly. Light spilled across the wall towards the rear of the cabin like light shining out through an open door. All along the cabin, runes gleamed, painted in thick clean lines.
words. His tablet was charging in the bedroom and anything he might say right now would be marked by magic. Magic that Dean abhorred. He stared at Dean for a moment and a sense of fatalism settled over him like a deep, dark cloak. The kitchen closed in on him. Castiel swallowed, shook his head, and patted his jeans.
Castiel opened his mouth, closed it, then opened it again before he managed, “Dean, this is serious.”
The planchette remained immobile under Castiel’s fingers. Gradually, the chill in the room decreased and his skin warmed. He shook with adrenaline. Pulling
Dean laughed at that, but the beggar continued to look openly puzzled. “Oh. You’re serious.” He raised a brow. “The promise of wealth and power are heady things?”
Castiel rubbed wearily at his forehead. A headache bloomed there, product of the fight, dehydration, and the slippery withdrawal of drugs from his system. “I can only handle one dead weight at a time,” he snapped.
Dean must have seen the question in his eyes because he said, “I’ll get this set up, and then I’ll have you do some trials. There are just a couple things you need to know.”
And he would find his way back here, Castiel resolved as he bade farewell to Dean and started down the corridor. He’d done it. He had spoken out loud and kept the curse at bay with the help of Dean’s device. Maybe someday it wouldn’t even feel any different than a scar in terms of the effect it had on his daily life.
Charlie shrugged. “It’s worth it. She deserves the best, you know? Just don’t ask me how I pay for it.” She patted his hand. “Someone’s gotta stay innocent. Cas already knows too much.”
“We hear you can find anyone,” Castiel went back to writing, feeling like a little careful flattery wouldn’t go amiss in the face of Crowley’s apparent delight in his curse.
Next to him, Dean shook his head, jabbing one thumb towards the direction they’d come from. Castiel grimaced, but nodded. They went the other way, back through the Orchid House - Castiel skirting the edges of the path to avoid Dean’s trap.
Crowley’s eyes gleamed, guessing his question. “A magician never reveals his secrets.” He chuckled. In the corner, one of the suited lackeys leaned in to whisper to the other and they both laughed.
“Damn if I know. But yeah. That’s the theory.” Together, they pulled a metal trash can from the bathroom and a box of matches from the kitchen. Castiel propped open his back door for air flow, and knelt on the cool tile just inside the doorway. Tears ran down his cheeks, his chin, his throat. They were unstoppable, or maybe it just wasn’t worth it to try. He looked at Dean for a long moment, the box of matches in his hand. “Gonna miss you.”
Dean hissed and stayed Castiel’s hands with his own. “Cas, I-- You’re my best friend, okay? You’ve been with me through some serious shit and I--”
For the first time in a very long time, Castiel cursed himself for never bothering to learn ASL and blithely trusting his tablet to speak for him. He looked at Sam helplessly for a moment, his mouth falling open wordlessly. And then he let out his breath in a short gasp and said, “Is Dean here?” A pie appeared in mid-air. Castiel watched Sam track it from it’s first appearance just beyond his lips to his hand.
Castiel looked down at the card, realized he was crushing it between his fingers, and laid it onto the counter. Static filled his mind.
“Afterlife booty call?”
Dean had been quiet since fire consumed Jackson and they set off on their new, nebulous mission to uncover a magic egg from a shadowy organization. It made sense. His life had once again transformed from clear purpose to one dependent on circumstances entirely out of control. More than that, Dean was mourning his brother, Castiel suspected. Again. And that left Castiel. There were no other backups, no team leaders testing camp hierarchy. There was only Dean and himself, and the fate of the world hanging on the two of them. Castiel stowed the rest of the medicine away. Maybe after-- to celebrate. If they didn’t die. Maybe then he’d let go again.
The light traced their bodies with its slow touch and time passed without their interference, marching towards dawn and their assault on Lucifer’s throne room.
“The hospital?” Castiel interrupted. “Is something happening with Dean? Is he okay?”
Davies dismissed the soldiers and then approached the cells. He had his hands shoved casually into the pockets of his trousers and looked for all the world like he was on an afternoon stroll in a park. He paused in front of Castiel’s cell. “So. We have Dean Winchester. And you are…?”
Castiel had rarely had occasion to enter a hospital, enjoying a relatively healthy life and suffering enough distance from family that he’d never needed to visit anybody. He was therefore entirely unprepared for the system of access-controlled doorways and screening desks set up like an obstacle course beyond the entrance.
am I doing?”
Castiel showed up to the FutureTech study a little sweaty and entirely sleep deprived. The city that morning had moved like a disturbed animal, its residents disgruntled at his counter and the greenery shifting menacingly in the wind like restless fingers. It had been a hell of a successful morning, though, with a steady stream of customers buying up tarts and delicately golden quiches kept preternaturally warm and perfect by the lingering trace of magic. He’d extricated himself from the downtown market a little early and had just enough time to settle his truck at the Comm and borrow Charlie’s car before it was time to go out to the suburbs.
When he mixed dough and rolled out the perfect pastry, it became a different form of art - more sculptural and blissfully wordless. Handmade pies only sent one message:
“Awww.” She leveled him with her most unrelenting stare. “Isn’t Dean special?” At Castiel’s nod, she said, “So why not trust him?”
“Dean’s in a coma at Ganet Hospital. He has been for a year.”
Dean’s response had been utterly addictive. Castiel brought a new pie with him every time.
Castiel dreamed.
When they finally parted, Dean held Castiel’s palm and traced along the center line - the heart line - with tender kisses. “Say it again,” he begged, this time with a mischievous light. He repositioned Castiel’s palm as though preparing him to catch a pie.
“You got this, Cas.” Dean whispered, pressed a quick kiss to his jaw, and stepped away. Charlie didn’t say a word, standing off to Castiel’s other side. He suspected she was incapable of speech right now. Like him, she was a knot of fear and expectation.
Every few months Charlie lobbed that advice at him, apparently ever hopeful that it might stick. It wasn’t that he didn’t appreciate the support, on some level, but there was a world of difference between enjoying the idea of romance and actual, messy relationships.
Castiel deflated against the wall. His thumb danced above the screen. Should he write to him? Apologize?
Now, Castiel watched Dean process the knowledge that Lucifer was idling outside waiting for his attack so he could bat it away like a kitten does a mouse. Dean stared at the Colt in his hand and when he looked up, there was nothing but empty despair in his eyes. “I got no choice, Cas,” he whispered. Dean hesitated for a moment, mouth working like he was trying to articulate an argument. Then he shook his head and raised up from his crouch. “Stay here, okay? If I don’t make it, tell everyone to get the fuck out of camp. Gotta be only a matter of time anyway before Lucifer got rid of the last of us,” he muttered seemingly to himself. “Wish me luck,” he said heavily, shaking off Castiel’s hand. “Fuck knows I could use it.”
Castiel thought,
Dean moaned and - heaven help him - Castiel was
Dean’s expression morphed from teasing to concern. “Seriously, what’s wrong?”
Dean shook himself after a long moment of staring, and he slipped his hand from Castiel’s palms and picked up the pot tongs from the side of the fire. With a concentrated hiss, he pulled their meal from the flame and then tugged off the lid. The smell of fragrant beef and onion stew hit them, and Castiel leaned into it with a pleased groan. He dug his spoon from a pocket and joined Dean in scooping a mouthful from the pot nestled in the stones and fallen leaves at their feet. He raised his spoon between them and steam danced from it like grace.
“Drop your weapon,” the guard ordered, pressing the weapon into Castiel’s skin. Castiel sealed his lips against the fear and pain. He watched Dean, his heart in his throat.
Castiel mustered up the energy to flip her a thumb’s up. With Dean’s help (and muttered curses) he rose to stand next to Charlie again. Curiously, he blinked at the pie.
and how it was paired with jealousy. These desires are always inappropriate. Misplaced. Feelings, along with Dean Winchester himself, are things an angel should not have.
Castiel swallowed hard.
As he latched the canopy to the side of the truck, Castiel caressed it. Now Honey Pies had a greater purpose, and a community which seemed well on its way to embracing both normal and magical wares fully, if the burgeoning magical markets were any indication.
“She made it again just before she-- Anyway, she was a terrible cook,” Dean said fondly. “But when Sam says the copycat pie I made was awful, you have no idea just how bad it was.”
He tapped out, “Sorry. I don’t speak asl.” The computer’s voice pronounced it
Castiel held up one finger and then reached around Dean to his bedside table. He pulled over his phone and flicked it open. “I’ve been doing some reading,” he explained, eyes on his screen. “And I think maybe I found something that can help.”
“The way this works,” Dean said, running a finger over Castiel’s ear to part his hair. “We don’t have to shave your head or anything. We’ve come a long way since big, flat electrodes or microneedles that penetrate your--- Well, anyway. I like to make sure the connections aren’t caught on anything before we get started.”
Castiel smiled grimly. “No.” He increased the pressure of his blade. “You know what I’ll do, though? I’ll leave you for Lucifer. Tie you up like a gift.”
Charging in, Dean found a melee. Three vampires lay in various states of anguished repose on the bed, two with arms held at delicately wrong angles. On the farthest side of the room, Castiel fought against four other monsters, boxed into the sink alcove by the vampires. Each wielded a shining silver angel bade.
Thanks for reading! If you liked this, please let me know!
“Until we get a line on Lucifer again, we might as well check out a plan B.” Dean laughed mirthlessly. “God knows I got nothing else to go on. Maybe the Brits know something we don’t. Maybe not.”
“Loss projections?” Lucifer laughed and the plants seemed to shiver. “Your team delayed a Purgatory strike because of loss projections?”
Moving his hand back to Dean’s shoulder, Castiel gripped him and pushed until he toppled over onto the picnic blanket with a laugh.
Castiel slid close to Charlie, their arms pressing together for comfort. He could feel worry radiating from her. She sat, a statue of tension. “It’s just what I said in my DM. We need to break a curse,” she said. “And we’re looking for somebody. A particular witch. You said you might know who she is, or where we can find her.”
As soon as they emerged, they could practically taste the fair on the air. It was salt and buttered popcorn, it was roasting meat and open flame, and music so loud that it broke apart against the buildings into high notes and low bass thrums. Underneath it all was the sweet, rotten smell of the Equinox and the chatter of insects before cold cast them back into the earth. It was overwhelming, and it stunned them all to reverent silence.
Then, in the heat of sudden rage, Castiel hurled his phone across the room. It landed with a crack against the wall. When he crossed the room to pick it up, he found it was splintered and black and lifeless. Letting the phone fall from his fingers, he slumped to the floor, pressing his hands to the wood and his forehead to his knuckles.
“Marshmallows.” Castiel didn’t bother hiding his disgust, delighted when it made Dean laugh.
Charlie clutched the precious pie close to her and stumbled back as the first nurse rushed in. The three of them pressed back into the corner as a cadre of nurses flooded the room.
“And four. Ghosts are tethered to something. Like an object.”
Castiel frowned as he rounded a corner. Something flashed in the corner of his eye and he whirled, firing on instinct. He shot a clean hole into the demon’s shoulder and then whipped out a handgun and fired a devil’s trap bullet to lodge in the demon’s spine.
“I said I was done dealing with the curse,” he wrote. “And I was.”
“My...gift?”
“I’m Dean Winchester,” Dean growled. “And this is--”
of the ventilator. On one of the monitors, there was a sudden movement. It was a small thing, easily missed if the room hadn’t already been as still as death. There was another blip as a line on the screen jumped.
“I think,” Castiel wrote, the digital voice betraying none of the fear or longing that bound his chest in iron, “I should give up. I can’t…” He shook his head. “I don’t think she wants to be found.”
At that, Crowley brightened like a pleased child. “That is true,” Crowley crowed. “I am rather adept at it. But this one. This...witch. Dark hair, gorgeous, totally abso-fucking-clueless?”
Castiel shrugged. He wasn’t sure, but that wasn’t really the point. They were down past the bottom of the barrel and digging into unforgiving rock at this point. “I think it’s worth a try. We already know that the Colt--”
: Also Sam’s only like an hour away. You can get back in plenty of time. Don’t even need to stay the night if you don’t want to?
“No, really.” Cold touched the nape of Castiel’s neck, raising all the hairs there. It felt like the gentle stroke of fingers. Reluctantly, Castiel raised his head.
“Sam?” Dean said slowly. His eyes lit at that.
Amara pursed her lips, staring at him in consternation. Castiel’s mind prickled, in the way he always imagined it did while hooked up to Dean’s machinery in the lab. “Oh my,” she said at last, her eyes flicking over his forehead like she was reading a report. “Your memory is
By sight, Castiel could tell the man was human. Both monster and demon showed their true faces to him. At least his angelic eyesight hadn’t failed him yet. But human didn’t necessarily mean “on their side.”
The next room was clearly set up as Lucifer’s command room. It swarmed with demons, set up with tables and computers. Castiel swore silently as they retreated from the room back into the cover of the Orchid House. He knew the conservatory was set up in a loop, designed to bring visitors smoothly from room to room. Lucifer wasn’t in the command room, which meant if he was still in the building they would need to either fight their way through this mess of demons, or go all the way around the other way.
“Wild onions,” Castiel affirmed, pleased to see the light the fistful of slender greens brought to Dean’s eyes. He settled next to Dean on the low felled log Dean was using as a bench. The trunk was soft with rot and thick emerald moss and Castiel sighed as he sank into it. It was remarkably comfortable, sitting there and watching Dean nestle the cookpot into coals he’d broken open along the side of the fire.
“Yep. Whatever poor S.O.B. lived here totally saved our asses by closing this door before they did a Kool-Aid man out the window. Sheets are a little dusty but it’ll work pretty damn well for tonight. Come on and help me with the shelves in here.”
“Do you want to leave?”
There on the floor lay a brunette, her hair twisted in a tornado from the fight or fall. Around her neck, the bulge of a hex bag could be seen. “That’s her,” he said with dawning recognition.
Castiel slid a hand along the length of Dean’s thigh, tracing the muscle towards his hip bone and sliding his fingers along Dean’s waist. Even in sleep, Dean lit up like a reactive torch, rolling against Castiel’s touch and murmuring at slow intervals. He had transformed Castiel’s day to day life into something more...alive. Like wind sending a still meadow into a wild dance.
“Yes. I’ve got his number. Do you want to— Should I call him?”
Dean leaned against the opposite shelf and a fleeting grin lit his features. “Dude. Your ‘every Gas ‘n’ Sip has the same features’ theory does not hold up. We found a cache in just one of ‘em and god knows how many I’ve hit..”
Charlie pulled against Castiel, anchoring him at the table. Begrudgingly, he turned fully to the booth again. He didn’t want to listen to the man - didn’t trust him for even an inch. But he was a desperate man and Crowley, damn him, seemed to know it.
Castiel, for the life of him, could not decipher Dean’s tone. He pulled his tablet close and unlocked it, his fingers curled around the edges. “Are you okay?” Castiel wrote.
Castiel’s entire body felt like a vibrating guitar string on the verge of snapping and his skin prickled, expecting Lucifer to reappear at any moment and pull his spine out through his abdomen. He crossed the lawn into the wooded cover without dying. If Castiel believe in signs from God anymore, that would be a powerful one. Instead, Castiel recognized it as sheer, dumb luck.
Castiel frowned. “Why would your failure bring about your brother’s death?”
or…””
good.
Two demons entered as Dean was finishing his paint job along the back curve of the path. They wore dirt-streaked smocks and carried trowels, but their eyes flashed black when they noticed Castiel. For his part, Castiel moved on them like a whirlwind. He sprang out from the greenery before they could shout, staying low and twisting high with his blade to catch one of them right in the gut. As the first demon sparked out, the second whirled to attack. Castiel blocked one blow and absorbed another sharp cut to his jaw before twisting around and jamming his blade behind him. His sword hit their flesh hard and the demon let out one small gasp - a gust of wind against the nape of his neck. Then there was nothing but the sound of a spray can hissing, and the soft
? That would’ve been really fucking useful to know.” There was a pause, like Dean was searching for words. And then he was shifting towards the door, hand on the handle. “Pull over.”
They wandered together through the crowd as they stripped off salty-sweet battered bacon, aimless and apparently with no intention of joining up with Kevin and Channing anytime soon. Castiel bought them each beer in cheap plastic cups, and they settled in front of another bandstand while a comedian-fiddler duo entertained the crowd. The act shouldn’t have worked; Dean muttered that it was an abomination as they sat down. But they were soon consumed in belly laughs that added a sweet ginger tinge to Castiel’s beer as they drank.
Dean stayed close, but his only touch remained a possessory hand curled around Castiel’s leg. He bent his head towards Castiel’s midriff and his voice seemed to surround Castiel now, like a cloud of energy. “I’d kiss you here. Press my tongue into you.” The shirt moved upward inexorably, and pushed up past his nipples. “So sensitive. Hard for me?”
I photographed it outdoors in full sun, spinning it around until I got the shadows to fall the way I wanted them to. The top cardstock design is balanced on a shadowbox picture frame, and set on top of some cheap green poster board.
Castiel shrugged. Now that they were here, he felt light-headed with worry.
“Cas,” Dean says from where he’s settled against a tree.
Castiel nodded and tapped his tablet meaningfully. Of course he could
Dean killed the driver before he could scream, life sparking out of him from Dean’s blade. Castiel swiveled briefly into the open, scouting for more demons. But they had apparently gotten lucky for once, or this was yet another trap. The truck was parked outside a sweeping glass edifice. They were on the north end of the conservatory, backed up in the parking lot to what looked like a side door leading into greenhouse space. Castiel crossed the dead space of the lawn quickly, pressing himself against the doorway.
Dean pulled up to the curb, as smooth as anything, and Castiel saw that the front seat was empty. Kevin and a woman sat in the back seat, Kevin’s arm slung casually across her shoulders. “Hey, Cas!” Dean called, arm slung over the wide bench seat.
“We watching a movie or not?”
The computer screen illuminated the kitchen in blue and lit the man hunched at the table. The lines of his body transformed into a soft sketch against the evening shadows. Castiel frowned at the spreadsheet and pecked the delete key, removing the latest nonsense entered into the active cell. “Is it my keyboard?” he wondered aloud, picking up his laptop and examining the keys closely. “Because every time I get up I come back to numbers. Letters.” Castiel sighed and unplugged his computer from the wall outlet. “Nothing coherent. Damn old houses. I hope there isn’t a short. Crumbs in the keyboard?” He upended it and shook it gently, but no offending debris fell out.
He settled onto an extraordinarily comfortable plush armchair and got to work.
Castiel caught on to the memory, and then the pie, snaring it in his mind like a fish in a net. Heart pounding with excitement this time, he slid off the bar stool and quietly checked through the cabinets and refrigerator. In addition to the apples on the counter, they had everything he needed to make a pie traditionally, except the American cheese. But a block of yellow cheddar with part of it cut away would surely be cover enough for what he was about to do. What a surprise he could give them! A pie à la Mary Winchester, built with the memory that lived on in her boys. He’d make a few as gifts. Such a pie seemed, in the early exhausted hours of the morning, to be the perfect token of gratitude.
Sam stood speechless for a long moment before he said, “So, it’s true.”
Castiel took a deep, shuddering breath in the suddenly quiet kitchen. “Here goes everything,” he murmured as the kitchen warmed quickly in the sunlight.
The pointer slid down and to the left, moving like it was on a mission.
And yet he’d stood and rung the buzzer repeatedly. That didn’t seem like the action of someone who wanted to just hurl Castiel’s possessions at him and leave. Maybe - just maybe Dean had come looking for Castiel. Maybe he wanted to talk.
“Dean.”
Dean made a face, mimicking Castiel, but he punctuated it with a wink. “The things I do for you. ‘It’s got to be a freshly slaughtered sheep’s heart, Dean.’”
The man chained to the rusted soil stack at the far end of the room didn’t bother to look up at Castiel when he burst in, though he twitched at the sound of the door banging open.
The Fern Room was surprisingly empty except for birdsong, and they made it through to the Palm House unmolested after Dean painted a wide angel trap on both ends. In the great room of the conservatory, giant palms rose like towers over gently winding paths and climbing vines flowered against the walls. The air was redolent with spice and sweet citrus, and shrubbery and bushy palms filled the gaps between the trees with exuberant life.
Castiel settles himself on the ground, leaving safe ground between them. He stares off into the woods, taking up his own share of the 360 resting watch.
face. He’d taken his team out for a celebratory dinner that evening; their speech assist product had gotten an official green light for production. Dean had promised Castiel first pick of the samples, as long as he still came in for (highly professional, no funny stuff) testing.
Castiel lips quirked in amusement. “Are you?”
“If it hurts...
Castiel didn’t look too closely at the joy he felt in Dean’s presence. He just wrapped himself up in it instead. Dean would leave when he was ready, or when the after-afterlife called him. Until then, Castiel would treasure the time he had. He pushed down the guilt that he’d stopped trying to save Dean and send him onwards to whatever lay beyond. What could he do, after all? Hadn’t he already tried hard enough?
The car’s steering wheel felt icy under Castiel’s palms as he started the car and pulled out into the road. Dean waited in the lane like a rumbling storm cloud. Shrouded in the Impala, his expression was indiscernible. Castiel let the GPS directions guide him back home through the unfamiliar streets on the darker side of town. When he returned to his own tree-lined neighborhood it was a relief. Seeing the friendly lights of a thousand different homes gleaming into the evening felt like a promise of normalcy.
Castiel took deep, shuddering breaths, trying to calm down. The nightmare still chased him - the bliss so closely followed by horror. He squeezed his eyes shut and clamped his mouth tight and tried to will himself to normalcy again. He passed a shaking hand through his sweat-dampened hair before dropping it to his chest.
On the third day, Castiel took the day off. He left his truck parked at the Comm and canceled his scheduled appearance for the lunch crowd at Bagly Park. He hauled himself out of bed early, unable to sleep, and spent the day trying to distract himself by cleaning out cupboards, emptying and scrubbing them. Several times, he’d end up staring into space, a sponge half-drying in his hand.
Now, with his vocal profile in place, he’d heard his own voice issue from the computer as he read the tablet. More importantly, Dean had heard it as well. It hadn’t been him speaking aloud but it was still...
He read the first line, focus attuned to the sheet and controlling his body so he could both say and not say the words. “Time for bed.”
“On a flash drive, tidy as you please.” Crowley pulled out a flash drive and set it on the table with a clack.
Castiel heaved deep, shuddering breaths that were definitely only attributable to running and tried to level a glare at her.
Castiel stopped and Davies hummed in satisfaction. Expertly, Davies flipped Castiel’s blade in his hand and traced a bloodied sigil on the back of Castiel’s hand. “There. Now, I’ll get you your weapons back and we’ll get that HPG before Bevell has the sense to move it.”
“Oh, did I tell you it would be your voice?
He wishes he were back with Dean.
sounded incredibly dramatic and in the rational light of day, perhaps incorrect. He shook his head. “I don’t think I’ll find any more leads at the Surly Cow. The regulars weren’t friendly.”
Crowley lounged in the far booth as though he’d never left. He leaned forward, both elbows on the table, and sipped a whiskey with a bored look on his face. He brightened when he saw Castiel, and his palpable joy made Castiel even more nervous, hope crumbling like pie crust.
But as they settled to watch the movies that evening, Castiel knew undeniably, that he longed for more. Though little space passed between them these days, they were eternally separated by the barrier of mortality. It left Castiel in an increasingly frustrated state of extremely cold and overly warm whenever they were together.
with us.” Castiel suppressed a shudder. Garnering the attention of an archangel was a poor strategy for staying alive and Castiel now saw that Lucifer was simply playing a long game with them. They were entertainment, not a challenge.
Castiel dissolved against the wall, heart thudding as he tried to understand what was happening in the room. All he could hear was medical jargon tossed between seasoned professionals, and Charlie asking repeatedly about her mother.
He can’t say it, though. Not to the bright hope in Dean’s eyes.
“Charlie’s busy this year,” Castiel wrote. “So this is perfect.” And it was true. Charlie had told him a few weeks ago that she couldn’t make Thanksgiving and that she would, in fact, be out of the city for most of November. She’d refused to tell Castiel why, and he’d been afraid to pry at it too hard. He knew what it felt like to let a secret loose before it was ready to be shared.
“Not the first thing on my mind, but I can multi-task marvelously well."
But Castiel had been enamored of Dean, and reluctantly enchanted by the physical manifestations of the way Dean made him feel. He’d made so many “love” pies over the past few months, created for Dean even when he was selling them at his truck. His face burned over that, now.
been looking into you. I always like to do a bit of research on my investments. You’re an interesting one for a guy who doesn’t talk. And you’re right. A piddly little pie maker won’t have much money. But I can get something far more interesting from you. And it won’t cost you a dime.”
“I got the text recap of yours and Dean’s little Throne Room adventures. It sounds like all’s well that ends well? You couldn’t find the witch and you also didn’t make a dumb bar deal. You’re still my pie man? With your pie-eating man.”
“Fine,” Dean said with an expansive gesture for Castiel to break into the container. “You win. Maybe it’s an East Coast thing.” He crossed the room to steady the cylinder, gripping it above the bolt holes at its base. “Let’s crack this piñata.”
Castiel scrambled to his feet and took a tentative step towards Dean. His palms were wet with blood or sweat, or maybe both, but he tightened his grip on his blades nonetheless. So. Lucifer was letting him walk free.
“Not quite the same,” Dean said at the same time that Castiel said, “Hunting supernatural creatures.”
Castiel let himself be supported down into a collapsed pile on the floor next to the hospital bed. He opened his eyes. Charlie stood there and the light from the window wreathed her in red and gold. She held a pie cradled in her hands. “Cas?” she said.
Castiel rubbed at the circles under his eyes and scrubbed vigorously at his temples to try to spark a little liveliness.
“Do you think if this doesn’t work I’d leave you?” Dean’s glance away was answer enough. “Never, okay?” Castiel dug his fingers against the hard muscle there like he could anchor the man onto his lap. “Fuck the future, right? I want this now. It’ll make me feel good. Won’t it make you feel good?”
Dean looked quietly pleased. “I ain’t exactly a quiet roommate.”
Charlie had suggested. Castiel turned those words over in his mind, the promise of them brighter than ever.
Castiel dipped his chin in acknowledgement.
Dean looked smug. “Sure did. Me and my team, anyway. We’re still working out the bugs and have been for the better part of a year. It’s nice to have someone new to try this out on. You’ll help us catch what else we might’ve missed.” He leaned towards Cas with an engaging smile. “I’m guessing you’ll be a natural.”
Sam clears his throat in that strange Winchester language that means,
gestures. “I found something of yours. In the house.”
Charlie rapped her knuckles playfully against his shoulder. “You old sap,” she said affectionately instead, and ate the rest of her pie in companionable silence as the sun rose between the taller buildings of Midtown. When she finished, she set the pie plate on the worn cement, wedged it between their bodies, and leveled a serious look at him. “So. Why’d you call me up here at the ass crack of dawn? Did you find out something new about the chick who cursed you?”
Dean shook his head, frowning. The King had issued his challenge a full year before; of course these men and their princesses were well accustomed to each other by now. Quickly, Dean trailed the eldest to her boat. He stepped into the belly of the craft carefully. Taking up a long pole, the silent boatmen began to push the elegant skiffs across the lake to a castle that shone like a mist-shrouded moon on the distant shore.
Castiel tilted his head towards Dean, examining him for a long while. Slowly, he traced the stressed creases of Dean’s face, trailing his fingers down to curve against Dean’s collarbone. “I’ve been chasing after her for years,” he said finally. “Please. I need to try.”
Dean slid a business card across the counter as Castiel rummaged in the till for coins. Castiel frowned, curious. He dropped Dean’s change into his waiting hand, earnestly attempting not to focus on the electric warmth he got just by brushing his fingertips along the mounds and valleys of Dean’s palm. He picked up the card with a questioning frown.
Castiel felt himself stiffen. He nodded, chin knocking against Dean’s shoulder. Dean let him go and pulled away.
’s story,
As Dean laughed and flickered and occasionally disappeared beside him, Castiel longed to touch him. To hold him just once before he freed him.
“Shut up and eat your old pizza.”
Castiel nodded. He wouldn’t have it any other way. And if the witch did try anything with Dean? Well, Castiel would do everything he could to shield him from harm. He fought to calm himself as he scrambled for his clothing, pulling on a blind jumble of pants from the floor and an old sweatshirt from the top of the laundry pile.
“You sell them. And based on what I’m seeing here--” She gestured to the pile of poorly made pies on the ground between them. “You’ve squandered it. You’ve no control over your words, or your mind if this is the result.” Her lip held a sneer. “So you want this ‘curse’ removed?” she asked flatly.
“You designed this?” Castiel let Dean see the awe in his eyes.
“I found you,” Castiel said at last, staring directly at the witch. Her brown eyes were wide with surprise and a hint of amusement, as though she’d stumbled upon a new street performer.
Jenny bared her teeth. “I’m gonna kill a Winchester, five years ago. And then I’m gonna come back to Kate, and she’ll be here safe and sound.”
Pushing himself upright, Castiel was pleased to see that his feet were no longer anchored to the ground. He shifted up into a sitting position and turned to see Dean still straining against the magic that held him. Dean struggled to reach him, but his fingertips stopped inches away from Castiel.
“Now,” Crowley said, gesturing to Dean who was pushed forward by a guard. “Let’s talk. Because, boy, you’re in way deeper than you know.”
and not a curse, at least most of the time.
Though it was still a little early, guests were beginning to filter onto the property, clad in jeans and button-down shirts, families in tow. He swiveled, flashed a thumbs up to Alicia for good luck, and returned to his truck. It would likely be a busy afternoon for both of them.
Dean knelt in front of him, brow furrowed.
The new customer, Dean, bent to examine the display of pies behind Castiel’s display case with all the gravitas of a building inspector. Castiel considered him for a breathless moment before retreating into the truck to pull Kevin’s request from the refrigerator. He settled it into a disposable pie plate and slid the pie across the counter.
or the
“Couldn’t resist,” Dean announced with a flick of a glance that seemed to travel across Castiel and Castiel only.
Dean blew in like a sweet breeze, tugging Castiel in for a kiss. Castiel wrapped one hand around his collar and the other at his waist and returned his kiss like this might be the last time. When Dean pulled away long enough to shut the door, it was with starry eyes and a wicked smile. “Now,” he said without preamble. “What’s up with the sudden, ‘never mind, not coming?’ I promise you, Sam hasn’t bitten anyone since he was four.” He slipped a hand around Castiel’s waist, teasing skillful fingers towards the hem of his shirt.
They settled for the evening in the shadowed Zoar Valley, driving into the heart of the forest along a battered skeletal fire road until they reached a spot that overlooked the river branch below. Castiel navigated the fern-gripped wall down to the water to fill their canteens and a larger water sack for cooking. By the time he climbed back up, Dean had a fire started and their ash-stained cookpot half filled with canned meat and a packet of quick-cook rice. He looked up with a quirk of the lips when Castiel arrived and leaned back to let him near.
That night Castiel dropped into bed, exhausted by his long day and aching from both his bruises and the hours spent on his feet. He had little energy to spare to hold onto the memory of the bright-eyed man at the party, but he still pictured Dean for a moment as his eyes slid shut. He had a blurry memory of green eyes and beautifully cut cheekbones, a sunny smile blinding when directed at him, gorgeous legs, hips, everything. Castiel pictured him, fuzzy as the memory was already, then he dropped it like a throwaway flier into a wastebin and slid into the blank sleep of the truly exhausted.
Dean looked around at Kevin, and only Kevin and then grimaced theatrically. “How rude of me. If I’d known there was pie I would’ve gotten away sooner.” He gestured at the perfect rosy sky ushering in the evening like he was waving away a gnat. “These all hand made?” he asked.
She was unmistakable, even after all these years. She still dressed all in black, with a long, sweeping gown stirring the snow and what appeared to be a terribly thin shawl slung around her shoulders. She was tall, with sharp features and a flowing mane of hair that would make a fairy jealous. Castiel couldn’t be entirely sure if she’d aged a day since they’d met.
“I’ll try that, then,” Kevin said with a wry sideways smile, turning to greet the newcomer. “Dean Winchester! I figured you’d be camped here all day! This guy’s obsessed with pie,” he explained and Castiel tried to nod coolly while a traitorous part of him imagined an afternoon with this man settled in front of his truck all day.
There’s nobody else in the dream. It’s just himself, and Dean, and the fishing pole that may or may not actually catch any fish. The dock creaks faintly as Castiel leans forward to talk and in that moment of minuscule noise, Castiel almost flees the dream.
Nudity was no secret between them, but pulling off each other’s habitual layers still felt like a new experience. Dean’s skin shone in the orange candlelight, smooth and scarred in equal measure. He was harder these days than he used to be, more gaunt from the constant fighting and frequently terrible food.
“I—“ Castiel backed up further, his hands undrawn, palms out.
“No,” Castiel said, absolutely shocked to hear how steady the computer’s speakers said it. He was really starting to master Lyrebird. “I won’t be there with my truck.”
“Need coffee in bed.” The request - or was it an order - issued from the bedroom.
“Not cancelled. Just…pizza and movies like normal people. Right? No more magical espionage.” Charlie wrinkled her brow skeptically. “And you’re sure you’re fine?” Castiel nodded with more certainty than he felt. “Just like that, you’re okay with all of it?”
“They killed her. They killed her in
“It itches,” Castiel replied, a little petulantly, glaring beyond the sigils to the aft deck. “Let’s load up. I don’t think we’ll be alone for long.”
Dean had folded his arms and given the man an assessing look. “You coming with us, then? It’s hard out there.”
“Nah,” Dean rumbled. “I can do it. You two crazy kids go to bed.”
“I’ll get— Trash can and matches?”
“I’m sorry that happened to you,” Castiel said as he scooped up handfuls of vegetables and dumped them into a warm pan. The photos that had accompanied the articles showed a young man close to his age, smiling over the roof of a gleaming car. He’d looked happy. Castiel wondered if they’d been close - the Winchesters. They probably had, he decided. “Maybe you can find your brother. Find some closure.” He sighed. “I hope you find peace.” Realization dawned on him as his food cooked. It was funny how fear faded over time until it was just another thing he rolled into his life. Disease, job loss, ghosts…apparently Castiel could adapt to much more than he’d given himself credit for. With sudden clarity, he murmured to the quiet kitchen, “I wish I could help you.”
A garbled cry to his right, some distance further from the ship sounded moments later and Castiel turned to see Dean swimming sure strokes towards him. “Oh thank fuck,” Castiel muttered. He kicked forward to meet Dean and together they swam to the boat.
“I know.” The world was still a vibrant thing, even though humans were being systematically scoured from its surface.
Up close, Dean looked worse, pale skin standing sharply against the sigil on his chest. But his chest rose and fell softly. Dean was alive, and Castiel’s vision sparked at a nearly overwhelming rush of relief.
Castiel grimaced.
Dean chewed on his lip. “My mom died when I was a kid. House fire. My dad got me and my brother out but before he could go back in for her, the house just…” The fingers of his other hand fluttered, like ashes spreading in the wind. “She died because of magic. My dad bought her this thing from a guy selling stuff out of his trunk at a gas station. A wishing candle?” He glanced sideways at Castiel, who shook his head at Dean’s prompt. He’d never heard of such a thing.
“We’ll use analysis of your vocal resonator topography,” she told Castiel once she’d gotten him settled in a dimly lit examining room. Hannah handed an anatomical chart to him. Different areas of the mouth, throat, and nose were highlighted. “This will help our algorithm to arrive at a vocal pitch and range that should be uniquely you.” She smiled kindly and Castiel gulped and glanced over the sheet. “It’s a long day, I know. Before you leave today we’ll get you in a brief session with Dean Winchester, our engineer-- Well,” she interrupted herself with a slow smile. “You’ve already met him, haven’t you? He’ll test some fit issues with our prototype and establish a few baseline readings before the end of the day.” Castiel swallowed and nodded. “I think you’ll enjoy Project Lyrebird,” she told him softly.
a later. Of course, Dean might follow through on his sleepy threat to just have them eat leftover pie for breakfast, in which case he might bring three empty pie plates home after all.
Once they’d hatched their wild plan to try to help Charlie’s mother however, Dean had suggested seeking out Amara to learn more about control and the limits of her gift. Charlie had put out feelers. There were rumors that Amara still roamed the city.
Slowly, Castiel wiped away the mess, rolling the towel into itself and setting it on top of the broken mug. “Can you—“ He pinched the bridge of his nose. “This is going to sound rude, and I shouldn’t feel guilty but…” Castiel swallowed air. “Can you leave? Or are you trapped here?”
“But out of those halls,” Dean pressed. “Two dozen men or more have died exploring the mystery of the princesses’ shoes alone. You say this place reaches all over the world? Who else is suffering up there because of what’s going on down here.”
“Blood?” Dean was nearly inaudible. “Blood.” His already translucent body faded until he was barely more than an outline against the curtains. Wind picked up in Castiel’s bedroom.
, he thought, restlessly punching at his pillow.
“Dean.”
Castiel shifted in the seat of the rowboat, leaning to balance as waves swept the boat repetitively against the invisible barrier. He frowned, but rolled his eyes in response, a surly acquiescence.
“It’s a big deal,” Dean said. “It’s okay. Take all the time you need.”
“Shh, I know.”
And so, instead of meeting with Amara, they reserved the magic of the solstice for their own attempts at magic, and hoped it would be enough.
Castiel opened his eyes and blinked at Dean.
Castiel pulled his tablet in so he could balance it easily and still cradle Dean’s hand as he wrote. “What happened back there?”
“It sounds crazy when you just say it like that,” Castiel said, nonetheless feeling a certain amount of relief at having Balthazar just come out and name it. “I’ve never really thought about... But I don’t know what else it could be and—”
By Thursday, Castiel forgot all about his fleeting fanciful crush.
Dean drew out the bundle Castiel had shoved into his hands. When Dean had found a safe place to hide after fleeing the guards, he’d shaken out the bundle to find that he’d been given a cloak. Now, he let it ripple free and wrapped it over his shoulders, drawing up the hood. When he stood, the cloth pooled to the floor like a spilling fountain.
The downstairs door buzzed again.
Castiel picked at the rubber edge of the tablet cover, trying to think of something to say. “I should tell you about this cute guy I met at the FutureTech gig,” he finally wrote. Thinking about Dean filled him with delightful, if useless fizz - the perfect remedy to distract them both from their morose moods.
Meg hisses and reaches for the bloody stone, but Dean raises it up and away. “Cas first.” He holds out his other hand to Castiel, a clear invitation. When Castiel hesitates, Dean quirks a brow at him. “What’s the matter?” he asks. “You don’t think you deserve to be saved?”
Dean raised his arm and the castle shone through like he was a soap bubble. “You see me. Do others here—?”
Dean struggled to remember why he was here, if not to touch and be touched. His next question came out embarrassingly like a gasp. “Those princesses. Those girls - because two of them are younger than Sammy - are they going to be drawn back here forever?”
Dean seemed to notice Castiel’s focus and he parted his lips deliberately this time. Leaning forward, crowding into Castiel’s space, he whispered, “First, I’d kiss your neck. Kiss it slow, just there.”
Dean shrugged in reply, clearly done relaying information. He looked at Castiel, who understood immediately.
“Ffff--” Castiel stopped the verbalization. Bit his cheek. Tasted turned onions.
Two levels up Castiel found a hallway protected by a single guard. The demon stood ramrod straight in front of a closed door, their rifle trained towards the closest sounds of fighting. They didn’t move from the post.
or at my
Castiel nodded, already untangling his feet from the covers so he could swing his legs wide to stand. He’d get dressed quickly. Yes, he could make it to the park in twenty minutes. Fifteen if he really pushed it.
Minutes later, the truck’s engine restarted and trundled the rest of the way to the sprawling Conservatory grounds. Dean grunted against Castiel’s shoulder. “Now?”
Castiel poured water into the cookpot until Dean told him to stop then asked, “Stew?”
“I do,” Castiel says. “Dean, you don’t have to say—“
“Dude, there were two sheep. That’s not a herd.” Dean sighed. “And yeah, that’s that only sheep I’ve seen this whole time. You sure this spell needs a fresh sheep heart? Plenty of ducks around. Maybe a seagull?”
“Cas, I—“
“Excellent plan,” Castiel said with an appreciative groan. Now that the possibility of food lay before him, a snarling hunger crawled into his awareness. “I’ve got one more thing for that. Hold on.” He retreated back to the cliff edge and grinned at Dean’s worried look, before he disappeared back down over the edge. He scrambled to a steep green slope off to the side which hung above the water and gathered a large fistful of the plants growing there. Then Castiel climbed back up, shaking dirt from the plants before offering them to Dean.
Frost cracked along the coffee table. Castiel swore, long and creatively. But he shook out both hands, slowly reached forward, and placed his fingers back onto the planchette. “Spirit?” Castiel asked tentatively. “Are you there?”
Maltese was a magical city, after all, even if few dared to acknowledge it. By virtue of its charm, or a spell, or perhaps a collective will to both suffer magic and deny its existence at the same time, Maltese was a refuge from the wider world for the magically inclined.
know.
Castiel grinned, and it felt like the sun coming out. “We do. Charlie’s eternal credit card scheme. Turns out it’s enough to finance a place out in ‘the sticks,’ as you call it.” His gaze danced. “And would you believe we have a dog?”
“I think something’s wrong with this house,” Castiel confessed to Balthazar over the phone.
Castiel laughed, and if it was a little wild and high, he didn’t think it was unjustified. “I’d like to try to help you. Move on or…or find your brother. Or whatever it is that’s keeping you here. I guess you’re my quarantine project,” he concluded.
“Yes.”
Castiel shrugged. It was a hacked traffic camera. Castiel doubted they could approach city staff and ask them about the data integrity underlying their supposed “ultra-secure” cameras. He scanned the path before them. He glanced behind them.
Could this mundane reality really free him from his curse? Would he really be able to speak
“it’s incredible.”
: Dude. You said you never get customers around holidays. You’re not working are you?
“I wonder what kind of pie ‘do you wanna go out with me’ makes?” Charlie wondered.
is why he had come. Castiel thought he might do anything - promise anything - to get his hands on a device like that. The video ended on a close-up of Dean holding the spidery headset. “Lyrebird,” he said to the camera as orchestral music swelled. “It’s the voice of the future.”
“You could die.”
Ketch scowled. “We’d heard reports that he was stationed around Detroit but there was no trace of him, of course. He was likely never here. I was captured as I tried to leave. But never mind. Let me free and I’ll return to my post.”
Soon, Castiel and Dean stood bare chested around the sigil circle while Lucifer battered at the barrier like an angry ball of lightning. Castiel sliced his palm, and took one last fleeting look at Dean. He looked desperate and exhausted, pale with exertion. But he met Castiel’s gaze with blazing warmth.
It was an odd thing being able to talk perfectly well with nobody around, but to use another voice to deal with anyone else. The smooth male voice he’d adopted as his own, and which issued from his tablet, had become his voice in many ways. He’d grown used to it over the years, his own voice changing with age, fluctuating with colds or exhaustion, while the computerized voice was immutable.
he decided as he rolled to his side and burrowed into the arm of the couch. One week to see what kind of fallout he faced. One week to wrap up his life here. It’d be fine. Nobody would miss him.
Castiel vowed. He opened his mouth to say as much when Dean flashed again. This time he crouched over the coffee table, where his hand passed right through the remote.
Castiel turned back to the road, managing to glance at Dean between rearview mirror checks of the carnage Lucifer’s temper tantrum left behind. There was nothing in Jackson anymore. No intel, no resistance, and no Lucifer. The archangel would have dusted ash from his white jacket and flown away, a sneer drawn up on Sam Winchester’s face.
“In the cage. I, uh, woke up just in time to see the floor close up behind him.” Sam gestured around them. “Thanks for saving me. I thought I could beat him and--”
“Dude, I was eight!”
Peace settled over them like a warm blanket while their food cooked. The sound of the forest surrounding them took over. Down below, the water shushed and burbled. In the treetops and undergrowth, birds trilled sleepily as the sun began to set and insects began their nightly whir.
“It’s not the same,” Dean demurred. “We know it’s only an approximation and honestly? We’re still working out some bugs. But Ash thinks we’re really close.”
Charlie pulled her phone from her arm band. “Okay. Well, I know you told me to stop. I know. I
Castiel thought. Yes, he remembered Charlie mentioning her soon after she had told him about her mother. She was the doctor overseeing her mother’s care. Vancour was the doctor who had been talking to Charlie about removing the feeding tube. Castiel chewed on his cheek, following Charlie inside.
Castiel swallowed hard, then looked at Dean. He cocked his head to one side and held up the card with a crease in his brow, his heart ricocheting for a very different reason now.
That night, Castiel lay tangled in Dean’s sheets, the warmth of his lover’s limbs like hot bars across his skin, holding him there. Weariness drifted through him, fog-thick and relentless, but Castiel bit his inner lip until he tasted blood, forcing himself to stay awake until he couldn’t resist sleep’s pull anymore. Then, and only then would Castiel permit himself to sleep beside Dean - in the dreamless, voiceless sleep of the utterly exhausted. His throat burned with the phantom effort of holding everything in - his voice, his curse, and his worry over both.
His fingers wound tight on Castiel’s forearm, fingers digging in with unexpected force. “Dude, not those.”
Davies eyes widened. “Oh. As in...
. Don’t look at me like that. It’s gotta be Sam, right?”
“Point two. Ghosts can be incorporeal or corporeal.” He looked pointedly at Dean, and his semi-transparent hand on the covers. “You’ve been both.”
They waited.
Something flashed green and brown beyond the edge of the booth and Castiel’s breath caught in his throat. He knew that flannel. Dean sat in the opposite bench, and he was deep in conversation with Crowley.
Castiel ran careful fingers around the edges of the crusts. His pies were earning a reputation. People bought them to seal wounds, cure colds, or lift depression for a while. None of the pies were basic, though many seemed deceptively streamlined. A simple pumpkin spice helped eczema. A sprightly lemon meringue tackled anxiety. They were small pies, with modest miracles contained within. And they were still so much more than Castiel had ever dreamed they might be to anyone.
As Castiel let himself into his apartment, their last kiss still warming his body with electrical charge, he finally slumped. If only letting go of his own past was that easy for him. He’d spent the evening reining himself in, letting himself enjoy Dean’s kiss - but not too much, lest Dean suddenly taste chocolate or raspberry when none was consumed and discover the truth.
“Do you?” Castiel flicked his tongue to wet his lips, and that was really enough.
“I sell them,” Castiel said and for the first time since the curse descended, he felt defensive of them.
Castiel let himself fill up on it. He moved his hand over his cock and let his other trail across his body like it was Dean touching him. Dean bringing release. Dean—
“Okay, whatever salad boy.” Dean reached across and flicked Sam’s ear, so much like an eight year old boy that Castiel stepped backwards and out of the line of fire. “You loved it.”
“Well, that’s awfully vague, my friend. Care to elaborate?”
to dance.” He began to trace his fingers down the stitching across Dean’s shoulders and the brace of his chest. To his hips.
There was no point in dissembling. “Pursue Lucifer and take him down with it. Arthur Ketch,” Castiel said with emphasis, “told me it has the power to separate an archangel from his body. In the veil, Lucifer will be weakened. Unfocused. We can trap him then.”
means more to me than you. You could never make another pie, never say another word to me and I wouldn’t care because I have you and you’re more than the words that come from your lips.” He laughed again. “Become an accountant for all I care.”
Castiel laughed, pineapple sweet. “My schedule can be erratic but it’s not too bad these days. I used to do all my baking in the middle of the night, practically. Now it’s early morning or the evening before, depending on whether I’m doing breakfast, lunch, or something else.”
“Probably dead,” Dean said with a small shrug. “Maybe opening their door was their last will and testament.”
Castiel laughed. “Well, it was good advice at the time. Sharing a space with you, even once I needed to sleep and it became necessary, kept me going. Less quiet, with Heaven shut up, if you were there.”
Castiel rolled his eyes as Dean flickered back to the couch. “Can’t believe you’re making me watch these.”
Six years later, after the death of his father, Cas takes a semester off from grad school and returns to Kansas. There he finds the woods where they used to play bulldozed into a housing development, and the Winchester family similarly fractured and gone. In relaying this news to his mother, he learns Dean was keeping secrets of his own as they grew up, forced by circumstances to take on too much too young. Armed with this new information, Cas impulsively decides to drive west to find him and try to make things right.
Dean’s face fell and he shrugged one shoulder towards his cheek before letting it drop dramatically. “Yeah. Okay. Cool.” Another customer approached the truck, hovering just beyond Dean to read the menu written on the board. Dean glanced at the new arrival and took a large step to one side. He lifted the pie in his hand like a tribute. “Well, thanks. See ya around?”
With a meeting place arranged, Castiel and Dean headed downstairs. As soon as he passed through the outer doors, a weight seemed to lift. They walked around the narrow sidewalk until they arrived at the garden. Castiel chose a bench in the sunshine and slumped onto it with a gusty sigh. Closing his eyes, he turned his face toward the sun.
, Castiel realized, sliding carefully to one knee beside the man. He kept his rifle propped on his other leg, while he dug in one of his pockets for his flask. He drew it out and uncapped it one-handed, well practiced in the move. He settled the open contained below the nose of the dark-haired man. “Drink,” Castiel commanded him shortly, tipping the flask up to the man’s lips.
“What is this?” Castiel demands. “Some kind of new game? I— I thought you wanted peace.”
to Eileen as he typed.
Too much delight sparked in Charlie’s eyes and Castiel, remembering his recent run-in at the bar, worried for her. He should keep her safe, he knew that. But selfishly, he wanted her by his side. He needed her there, cheering him on, helping him unpeel the hidden layers that wrapped around the magical core of the city. With Charlie’s help, he’d find the witch. This time, there would be no delays, no hesitation on Castiel’s part in seeking her out. Then the witch would take back her “blessing” as soon as she realized it had really been a curse.
“Fuck.” Castiel pushed himself the rest of the way upright, the rustling sheets passing effortlessly through Dean to wrap around Castiel’s legs. Castiel leaned forward and closed himself over his tented legs, propping his elbows around his knees and burying his face in the cave of his arms. “Fuck,” he muttered into the hollow there.
“I’m not ready.” Castiel closed his fingers around the bracelet, forming a fist that he clenched close to his body. “Dean.”
Together, they confronted Lucifer, who awaited them like an ancient marbled statue against the dreary backdrop of the sanitarium. He was the only pristine thing in a hundred miles, Castiel thought inanely as they entered the garden. Even as fallen as he was, Castiel could feel the hum of his archangel grace, primordial and strong. He hated it. He yearned for it.
Ketch’s gaze grew cooler. “You’ll need me along,” he grunted. “Our ship is warded. No mere hunters can get inside.” He tossed out the word “hunter” like it was refuse. Gunfire echoed in the hallway. The fighting had arrived at their level at last. “Uncuff me and let’s go,” he said shortly.
Nothing happened, except the creak of boards as his house groaned around him. “Maybe I’m supposed to…” Castiel cleared his throat. “Are you there?”
From his cell, Dean shouted, “Don’t you do it, Cas.”
“Um, I—“
“All pies are good. It’s the law of pies.” Dean flew his hands up and retreated to the kitchen island and the casserole he’d been preparing there.
Castiel blinked at this new information. It seemed they both had unrevealed pasts. “And your threat?” Castiel asked. “What did you say to Crowley? Is he going to come after you?”
Dean’s lips parted without a second thought, intent only on the kiss, delayed for so long. Castiel’s lips were soft and warm, his press the hard desperation of a soldier leaving for war. When he pulled away it was with one quick, “I love you, Dean.” And then in a rustle of feathers, he was gone.
Castiel held up a hand and sighed. Bitterness flooded his tongue. “I’m sorry,” he said, a flat, tart pie falling from his lips. He set it on the seat between them.
. “Deal.”
They knelt on the hardwood floor for unmeasurable minutes before Castiel finally sucked in a breath and opened his eyes. He looked at Dean, taking in the bruised purple of his spirit. “Let’s do this right now,” he said in a rush. “Before I lose my nerve.”
“You’re bluffing.” Dean blustered and Crowley hauled his arm back. Before Castiel could move or cry out, he’d hit Dean squarely on the jaw.
“Middleton?” Dean muttered as they passed.
Castiel barely managed to contain a frustrated eye roll. He’d spent so long hiding his secret, the thought of exposure blocked his throat. He looked down at his tablet, then back up at Crowley. Crowley met his gaze then slowly, meaningfully, turned to look at Charlie.
“This is the Night Market, man. Didn’t you notice the container in the back of the stall?” Dean hissed as he pulled at Castiel’s arm. Castiel racked his memory and pictured the corner of the dark little stall. It had held the woman’s wares: little half pints of small batch ice cream settled in a cooler ensconced in lavender mist. He nodded, slowly.
It was a soft kiss at first, too chaste for either of them. The soap bubble tension burst the moment Castiel felt Dean’s mouth relax against his, lips parting a fraction. Castiel loosed his hands from Dean’s belt and settled one in Dean’s hair to hold him close. The other slipped around Dean’s waist to smooth the skin of his lower back. A new ache took hold and Castiel rose against Dean, groaning against his lips as he felt Dean begin to strain against his own jeans.
