Surprised, Peter said, “Uh, thanks, Cap.” What was that look at Tony all about?
"...Please tell me that wasn't Peter."
Both Clints shuffled over to the wall, wearing matching expressions of being annoyed and cold. One was shivering like a leaf, the other hugging his arms around his middle.
A cool shower had helped clear Steve’s head. As he stood by the window in his room, drying his hair, he sighed.
"Yeah, in his delusional dreams. I'll be fine, Cap, don't stress yourself out."
As if on cue, a taxi pulled up beside the street. The person that had waved it down ignored it, instead taking a phone call and walking off.
"Thanks, Cap."
"I do not want him," Doom said flatly, clenching the offered hand into a fist. It sparked with blue electricity as he growled, "But an ally of mine does, and in return I shall be given what I desire..."
“Heartbreak?” Thor dropped his hammer on the ground, looking at Loki curiously.
"Hm? Yeah, that was the plan." The other man looked at him, running a hand through his hair. "Unless you have something else in mind?"
“Cap. Jeez, it’s good to see your face!”
"Er..." Bruce glanced down at his hand, but quickly looked back at the blond's face. Clint knew he was a night owl, but also knew firsthand that Bruce hadn't slept in days. He wanted to say as much, but only managed to ask, "We're walking, then?"
“Wait, hold on!” Wade waved his hands frantically. “What if they think I DUMPED you? You think old Spangles is gonna let that one slide? NO. He’s gonna kick my ass! BUT, ass whooping or not, I’ll do it.” Making double finger guns, Wade pointed them at Peter. “BAM—consider yourself SINGLE, baby.”
Clint sat on the edge, dropping the pizza down on the foot of the bed. "Come on in."
The ground was muddy down there, and there were a lot of trees. Clint could easily imagine Bruce unconscious on his face among the wet foliage.
It was going to be a long night, wasn't it?
“Bisexual,” Bruce muttered after a minute, tiredly. “If you want to know about Hulk you’ll have to ask him yourself.”
"You always call it the Big Dipper," Hulk grumbled, and Clint swore a giant finger was poking his forehead. "You smell like tequila. Great, Banner's finally sleeping and you're gonna sleep, too. Boring."
"Friend. Oh." Just friend? Why did that seem inadequate? "T-teammate. So, you wouldn't do a-anything...for me that you wouldn't also do for, say...Thor, or Clint, or Bruce..."
"S-sorry." Loki groaned, laying an arm over his forehead and squinting up at Bruce. Why apologize? The mortal had it coming—and a lot more. The alcohol had caught him off guard, that was all. "Great, now you're tag teaming me..."
Peter hopped high in the air and sent the frisbee whirling at Wade's chest.
“Do you think Loki’s gay?”
Thor placed a hand on his brother's chest, looking over at Tony with a frown.
Going back to his push ups, Cap shook his head to dislodge the idea. No matter how quiet today was, the Earth would need saving tomorrow. He couldn’t get distracted by Tony.
"I'll b-be in my...room." Standing up slowly, he tucked the blanket under his arm to take with him.
“Bru-- Clint-- …WHAT?” Cap half shouted, stopping ankle deep in the water. “They can’t do that! The Hulk is tied to Bruce’s pulse—I’ll talk to them tomorrow.” He shook his head and followed after Tony, pressing a warm hand against the billionaire’s back to support him. “I don’t know. Something about the way Peter was being so secretive made me nervous. I try not to judge too quickly, but…what if it’s a villain? Oh God, what if it’s mind control?”
Tony had to give the guy credit, he didn’t seem to be intimidated in the slightest by the Avengers co-leaders knowing he was dating their teenage sort-of-son. He poured two cups of black coffee and held one out for Matt.
Tony did his absolute best not to laugh at that reaction.
Steve shook his head.
“I think we should pretend to be a couple. If Peter’s ashamed of being seen with his boyfriend, maybe we can put his mind at ease by leading by example. I know I’m asking a LOT,” Cap added, holding his hand up in case Tony tried to cut him off. “I don’t mean for us to do anything more than talk. But saying we’re together might help us get Peter and his boyfriend to talk more openly.”
As ready as he’d just been to tumble over the edge and spit out everything he’d wanted to say for a long time now, the words stuck in Tony’s throat. He opened his mouth to speak, then swallowed hard, licked his lips, and tried again.
"I k-knew he wouldn't l-leave me either," Cap assured her before he walked back over to Bruce and Tony. "Any n-news?"
Bruce scooted over to the edge of the table and slipped off of it onto his feet on the floor, leaning on the edge. He held up a hand, looking at Thor.
"Are you alright?" Steve asked as he hurried over to her. Examining her legs, he frowned. "Did you fall?"
“How many colors do we have here?” Cap mumbled, kneeling to sort through the flags for a moment. “Looks like we have six colors to work with, Peter.” Standing up, he waved for Tony to follow him to the kayaks. “We’ll try to hurry. Everyone should eat lunch before we start the race,” he added in passing.
"Huh? Ah, yes, I'm fine. The other guy's talking to me." He shrugged slightly and nodded at the thin air to his right. "You're probably right..."
"I hope he remembers we're in here," Pepper muttered. "If I don't get some water soon, I'll shrivel up and die."
“I know the best hole in the wall sandwich shop. Makes meatball subs that’ll blow your mind!”
“…Yes?”
"Cap. Come on. Look, I know Tony well—really, REALLY well. And he might sleep around, and act crazy, but wh-when it comes down to it he's really LONELY. That, and his health's not the best… Especially when he pulls stunts like he did in the basement tonight.”
Couldn't he do anything without it ending in this...? Without responding to Clint's question, he hurriedly struggled his way out of the vest and pretty much ran into the nearest alley just seconds before his shirt started shredding itself to make room for the Hulk's immense, muscular form.
“Is that what the problem is at school? You feel like an impostor?” Cap asked sincerely, offering the plate with the cooked patty to him.
If only sandwiches were his only concern. He had to figure out why Clint was distracting him so much, and what to do about it, and fast.
"They didn't show her die onscreen—she'll be back."
"You think he's busy with Dr. Banner?" He whispered to Steve, taking the meat from Wade and sitting it on the counter to divide up.
"I guess now's the part where everybody goes stir-crazy because we have no TV," he remarked. Right, no technology.
"Why? Gonna hit me, too?"
Falling quiet, he decided to let Bruce work for a moment. It made sense that Bruce didn’t like him. Every time they hung out, Clint was having to babysit him and since that was PAINFULLY boring he tended to get cranky.
"Do you think that it's possible..." Loki paused, grabbing Bruce's hand and squeezing it. "...To think about someone so much that you fall in love with them?" The question was so far out of Loki's normal range that he surprised himself. Wow, now his head felt funny AND he felt woozy.
“Oh hell yes,” Clint breathed, leaving Bruce on his way to the offerings. Grabbing a couple pancakes and rolling them up, he looked around for a coffee cup while he stuffed them into his mouth.
He wasn't packing anything, as it turned out. The scientist was just moving a couple of syringes and needles in cases around; they made little clinking noises. His brows were drawn down in an almost pained-looking frown, and he didn't even look up at Loki as the blond stepped up beside him.
"There it is. You should try their meatball sandwich, so good. Man, I don't know what to get now—everything sounds good." He grinned over at Bruce. They were both soaked.
"Well, I can see a lot's happened in the last five minutes." Tony's droll comment from the staircase actually made the back of Peter's neck tingle, and that was usually the Spider Sense's way of warning for literal danger. Hastily, Peter pulled his hand away from Wade's chest and turned to Tony (now sans sunglasses), sighting Cap trailing after him.
The whole city seemed to be up in arms over rumors, just like Tony had been. That doctored pictured that had appeared in the papers yesterday had really put a bee in their bonnets. There had been reporters around the mansion all day. Every time Cap came or went, the reporters would snap pictures of him. It all made him nervous after seeing what they could do with a couple of angled pictures.
The door opened suddenly and a familiar face poked in. Steve stumbled in slowly, bracing himself on the medical table where Loki sat.
Grabbing his backpack and the first aid kit, Peter hurried after them. For a second he’d thought Clint was messing with him, but the guy seemed pretty serious about this. What kind of monster could be in the lake?
"I wonder when Tony's going to get here," Pepper sighed, curling up and leaning back against the wall.
"Yes! And we must make the popped corn, as well. Banner taught me to make it," he said.
Low tech. Right.
It was true. If Tony had had some secret fling, the Bugle would have found out about it somehow. If they had any idea Peter spent so much time with the Avengers, Peter would be permanently on "Stark and Rogers" duty, he was sure of it. Sigh.
Clint froze on his way to his dresser, suddenly noticing the startled look on Bruce's face. "Easy, buddy," Clint whispered. Holding out a hand toward him, the blond gave him a nod as well. "Deep breath."
“Well,” he began, scratching his head. “Where the hell is Spider-Man?”
"I'm sure Doom would have liked me to stay longer..." The blond mumbled, looking over at Tony.
It was too early to think about it, he decided. Clearing his throat, Cap ducked back around the kitchen counter to check the waffle iron.
"They...smell...like Doom," the captain said sleepily, rubbing his forehead. "It's f-fine."
"Um, Clint? This is another Hawkeye." Cap sighed.
"Clint? Are you alright?"
"DROP THE OLD MAN AND BACK AWAY SLOWLY!" The voice was so loud and annoying that it made Steve jump. Standing between them and the way back around the front of the mansion was a dark figure, clad in red and black with twin swords in hand.
“I have nothing to say to you,” he said, heading Thor’s way. He stuck a hand out, pointing back across the lake. “Aside from ‘get out!’”
Deadpool stepped up next to Peter, again invading his personal space with an arm over his shoulders.
Glancing at the apathetic scientist, it was hard to imagine him having strong feelings about anything other than falling asleep.
At first glance, the left seemed to be the right direction since it had more of those giant umbrellas. But the right had some, too.
“Oh yeah?” The other man scoffed, flipping frantically through the newspaper. After a second, he held it up for Steve to read. “THIS article has a picture!”
Cap had to admit, it DID look like an elephant on second glance.
Why did Cap have to get up so obnoxiously early and do his morning workout, anyway? Today felt like a great day to laze in the tent in their sleeping bags and cuddle. Oof, he really WAS getting married, wasn’t he? That sounded so sentimental.
Captain America shook his head 'no,' climbing gingerly to his feet. He leaned on a nearby medical table for support.
"It's really not that bad, buddy." He slid off the sofa, trying to head for the door. "I'll go to my room and stop moving, then it won't bleed anymore."
"That's what YOU said," Bruce said uncertainly, following a step behind him and frowning a little. Maybe that's what Clint had said. Then again, maybe "sandwiches" meant something else entirely in spy lingo. Actually, "sandwiches" could mean something else entirely for anybody with a good imagination...
"It's Hulk. Usually he loves swimming, but I think he's asleep right now. I guess he didn't nap in the car earlier when I did." He braced his feet as another wave washed over them--a bigger one, waist-height. "It's been years since I swam as me without him at least riding along in my head."
“I…I what?”
Taking one look at him, Bruce quickly got up and moved to help keep him from falling over.
"Huh?" Tony said intelligently. It was just such an odd thing to say. "Sure, he composed Latveria's anthem and everything," he said, once the question had sunk in. Doom was a veritable genius, but making pretty music didn't win anybody over except his obsessed citizens.
Standing and turning to stare at him with huge blue eyes, Wade’s mouth fell open.
"Right--everybody inside, shoo, shoo!" Tony said, bemused by the sight of Peter, Matt and Wade together. The teen clearly knew both of them pretty well if they all knew each other's real names, who the others were dating... And yet Peter hadn't mentioned breaking up with Mary Jane to only one of them. Maybe it WAS Matt who Peter liked...
At least somebody was doing the normal beach thing and hanging out in skimpy swimwear. Not that Steve didn't look amazing in what he was wearing, as usual.
Tony raised an eyebrow.
Tony crossed his arms. “Wow, really? We’re gonna have the responsibility talk right now?” He nodded pointedly at Matt and Wade, thinking Matt was none the wiser. Wade probably wouldn’t even notice—the dude was on his own wavelength.
“Sure is,” Peter said nervously, grabbing Matt by the arm. If Thor DIDN’T know, did they really want to be the ones to break it to him? Especially if Loki would be angry with them as a result? “Hey, uh, thanks for slowing the storm down and all. We should probably get back to the plan…”
"I sort of thought you were awake and would just—you know—feel it." Clint snickered. Ah ha! For once he’d managed to kiss Bruce and not wound up with the Hulk destroying stuff. He really needed to get some of those gas arrows Amora had...
"Uh. Yeah." The Hulk actually sounded...awkward. He covered it up with a gruff growl and hurried past Hawkeye and into the big hole in the side of the mansion.
"That didn't look like a good thing," Tony stated the obvious, pointing.
...Not that Loki was actually leaning on him. Even with his lithe figure and an attempt to make himself lighter, he weighed more than the actual archer. A lot more.
The taxi stopped at last.
"Good god! Eat a mint!"
"Banner is safely in his room, and Hawkeye is here as well," he said confidently. The sky grumbled overhead, and he added, "Please, join us! We were about to learn to make a Midgard dish using the Google."
“And Deadpool’s like what? A hundred?”
“Throw it, throw it!” Wade cheered, bouncing around in front of Cap excitedly.
“I don’t mind. We’re gonna use it for a boat race.” Clint paid the lady and took the stack of maps, circling the small store to find Peter and Bruce. Even with the gawky kid along, they were gonna eat some damn ice-cream.
Loki's eye's fluttered back open tiredly.
"Do you think Tony would make doors that weak in here?" Bruce asked. Despite this, he moved away from the door.
"We're not chasing him, remember...?" Bruce was much lighter than Loki, and got pulled along despite his reply.
Thor was still wearing his flannel and jeans, but there was no mistaking the golden-haired flying person landing with a hammer in hand for anybody else. He wasn’t trying to be sneaky, either.
"The floor in here is nasty -- how about one of these beds instead?" He nodded to the medical beds around them.
"At the bottom of a volcano. No wait. It probably melted by now."
The redhead raised her eyebrows, while Tony only looked amused.
Pushing open the basement door, Clint peered in. It wasn’t like he had his bow, so Bruce wasn’t really sure what he was planning to do.
Phew, now that the lengthy authors' note is out of the way, let's get on to the chapter! As always, thank you for reading, commenting, and enjoying our story. ♥
As Clint absently wiped his cheek with an arm, he was suddenly reminded that he had a huge scrape there from the rocks—which was now bleeding. Thanks, sand.
Alarmed, Steve caught his arm before he could leave the camp and pulled him back.
"...Using his tricks to make noble heroes like Captain America abandon their posts. Will Spider-Man ever be put behind bars where he belongs or will he create more villains in our city? More on this after traffic," the reporter on the large screen above the subway said happily.
"You're not going anywhere, new me!" The injured one growled, jabbing Hawkeye in the shoulder.
“How far to the lake?” Clint asked, adjusting his backpack. “The stupid stitches on my arm ripped.”
"Oh, that's cute. Th...the bad guy's knocking my love life. I'm the playboy, remember?" He pointed at Thor, adding, "A-and isn't Thor your brother? That's kinda gross."
"Bruce! Hey, how're you--" His eyes passed over to the other him and he froze.
As the rain started falling more heavily, one drop landed on Bruce's nose and brought him out of his thoughts. Damn did he need to get some sleep. What was wrong with him?
He needed to find that box.
At hearing his fake name, Tony stopped drinking, pushing his sunglasses up with a thumb to stare Loki down.
Clint stopped halfway to the fence, cracking a cheery smile at Bruce.
Hawkeye rubbed a hand over his face.
A bit surprised, the scientist slipped the hand into his and squeezed it.
"Well, he won't listen to me anymore," Pepper sighed. "He takes you more seriously—I-I'm just the assistant."
The tall blond chuckled. He could only imagine Doom's face when his piano was burning like a campfire. The thought warmed his heart.
“Maybe it was not their fault—perhaps it was their mothers.”
Glancing down at his trunks in alarm, Wade started laughing nervously as he stepped back, taking another step to put himself BEHIND Peter. He gave Spidey an apologetic look.
Clint went over and poured himself a mug full, swigging it. Halfway through swallowing, he noted it was cold, but that didn’t stop him.
"Oh, man," Peter groaned, slumping a little. "Look, Jameson HATES me—don't believe anything you hear on TV about me, okay? Deadpool was following me around yesterday..." He shrugged and held up both hands. "Okay, so maybe we met on a rooftop and ate some hot dogs, too. That doesn't make us partners!"
And there sat the other Clint—the injured one—laying limply back against the wall. Hawkeye froze.
"If I can help you, tell me how."
“I would understand if you or Hulk decided to pick a fight with Spider-Man over something, but destroying his camp was too much,” Cap began. “His friend Matt is blind, Bruce. You destroyed his walking cane and his glasses!”
"I hope they aren't out of meatballs."
Tony raised his eyebrows.
"Ah...yeah. I didn't plan for the power going out. I used my light arrow in the living room. So, no, I guess. I only had one." He heard Clint let out a deep sigh. "Hey." The hand on his arm moved up to rest on his shoulder. "I know this really isn't the time, but um--I can't stop thinking about it so..." Hawkeye trailed off.
Thor put a hand on Loki's.
"Baxter Building. Awesome," the driver said, his accent gone. The taxi sped off, honking at anyone who got in the way.
"Fear not, I shall return you to Stark." Thor started for the mansion without further comment.
"I thought by now you were sick of watching me." Despite his comment, Bruce did step ahead and start down the sidewalk slowly. In his head, he was going over all that had happened so far. Clint was still acting strange—even stranger when he tried to interact instead of just going along with whatever sandwich hunt the blond had planned.
Spotting a set of rocks poking out of the bobbing waves, Clint pointed to them.
He recalled a conversation about Loki that had had him worried. The trickster was considered effeminate since he was so skilled at magic. For some reason, that had made Steve concerned that they would be judged.
The captain recognized him, too, dropping his guard and moving closer to Tony.
"Well, what DOES impress you? Like...elephants?" Deadpool asked awkwardly, suddenly not so confident.
"Ah, it's good to have you back." Hawkeye grinned up at him as they walked. "But I'm coming with ya!"
He still didn’t completely buy the ‘a bear startled me’ excuse Bruce had made, but the guy had been so obviously bothered and pissed at the suggestion that he’d been trying to hurt Matt that it had to have been a genuine reaction.
Steve ran toward the voice, squinting through the thick smoke to see who it was. It was very difficult to see anything at all. Feeling carefully for an arm, he helped the woman to her feet.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I just w-want you to k-know that I would never do t-that." Steve let go of Tony's hand to pat his shoulder and smiled again. "I'd h-hate to offend y-your delicate 21st c-century sensibilities." He coughed and stood up, putting distance between them.
“I didn’t know Thor knew how to fish,” Peter mused. “Dr. Banner said this was a great camping spot, and that’s why Wade and I decided to camp here. I’ll bet he knows some great fishing spots, too.”
“That’s Major Ursa, to you,” Clint mumbled to what he suspected would be a specter of Hulk wearing a sombrero, squinting open an eye. Man, he missed Hulk. Every day he spent around the giant was a fun one. They could shoot things, smash things, have eating contests…it was great.
"Why? You..." Cap coughed, putting a hand to his throat. Taking a ragged breath, he managed to continue, "You h-haven't finished the t-trade." He reached out and gently pushed the goblet away with his hand. "Your word."
Sitting up a little, Tony ran his fingers through his hair (which was a real mess at the moment) and sighed. What was Peter thinking, going off alone anywhere with Deadpool? The mercenary’s reputation for paid hits was only surpassed by how insane he supposedly was. Spider-Man, the friendly neighborhood hero who preached responsibility and self-awareness, was practically the polar opposite of him. The world at large didn’t know the worst part, that Peter was also a teenager who was still in high school.
"Yeah, you should." He stepped after Clint, picking up more of the tangled blankets from the floor and waiting until Clint climbed onto the bed to drape them over him.
Crouching beside him, Clint started digging in the sand. A sharp, sudden pain shot through his finger and he fell back on his butt.
"WOAH!" Johnny yelled, amazingly not lighting his friend on fire.
"I'm really not. I don't know what he did to you, but I know I'm not capable of it." He pretended to inspect Clint's injury—any excuse not to look into those piercing blue eyes. This wasn't right—the worst he could do was hurt himself by tearing his stitches again, right?
"You suit up, be ready to head out any time," Tony called after her brightly. Turning back to Clint, he grinned. "You and Thor can go look for Bruce, you just have to wear a tracking device. Comprende?"
Speeding through the water, Clint peeked back over his shoulder, hand forward to stop himself on the first rock.
"What is it you want to know?" Steve asked calmly.
"S-sure...obviously," he mumbled, wincing again.
But…there was no need to hide the tackle box anymore. Once Bruce had that, he wouldn’t want to hang around Clint anyway.
"Hello?" Hawkeye pressed the button, shifting Loki’s weight to one side.
Resting a hand on Tony’s shoulder, Steve waved a hand at Thor.
Johnny swooped below and grabbed Spidey off the wall, extinguishing his flame aura just in time.
Mouth full of food, Clint hurriedly poured himself a cup of coffee and followed after them.
"And he loves everybody too. But I'm fake, because—because..." He rubbed his head, thinking hard. "I don't love everybody. I hate everybody. Even Thor!"
“Can I help you?”
Bruce cleared his throat and started right for the doors just as they were sliding open.
“Whoa, are you okay?” Peter hurried back to get a closer look at the blond’s arm. Unslinging the backpack from his shoulder, he immediately began to rummage in it. “Hang on, I’ve got a first aid kit right here…”
There was a flash of lightning followed promptly by a great grumbling roll of thunder.
"Huh?" Came the voice again. "I'm the one who...uh." Again, there was a pause as this Clint thought. "You know, I have no way of telling us apart. Did we do anything unique in the last couple days?" He asked slowly. "Uh. I'm the one who...uh...wanted to go get sandwiches? Unless the other mes did that too." A hand suddenly found Bruce's arm. "Hey, there you are."
“Got the maps,” Clint said shortly, dropping the papers at Peter. He examined the flags that Bruce was holding and nodded. “These will work. Grab another pack. Do they have any pencils or pens? Those would work for the poles.”
"What makes you so sure that he's real and I'm not? What did I do?"
The room was fairly small, leaving Bruce nowhere to sit except for the edge of the bed or the workbench chair. Since the chair was also covered in some kind of oil, he opted for sitting on the VERY edge of the bed, folding his arms on his lap and looking around the room in a fidgety kind of way, struggling to come up with something halfway intelligent to talk about.
Between Peter’s web slinging and Matt’s acrobatics, they had made good time while tracking Deadpool. He’d led them on a wild goose chase all the way around the lake…straight to Loki’s campsite.
The waffle iron had turned off when it went through its cook time. There wasn't any burnt smell, so maybe...
Well, Tony had been heading out to retrieve Cap when Peter had had to go home...but that was as good as done, since Tony wouldn't leave Cap to Doctor Doom. Right?
"I-I dunno." Letting go of the scientist's hand, Clint hurried over to his double. Another brilliant flash of light from the storm helped Bruce see them again. Hawkeye was kneeling down in front of the other, gently lifting his lookalike’s face up to check for a pulse. "He's alive."
“That’s when you’re on the clock, I’m talking about down time. As leader of the Avengers, I’m instating a anti-fraternization rule.” Tony nodded and then added, “Except for Pym and Wasp. They’re already together.”
“I’m tracking a notorious troublemaker. I didn’t expect to find Avengers here, so I really hope Deadpool hasn’t given you too much grief.”
"To find beauty where others see none—dig through the RUBBISH and unearth the rare flower that blooms even in the shade, while the rest of humanity grows fat and tiresome far-removed from my sight." The reply was accompanied by dramatic arm gestures and clenched fists and swooshes of cloaks.
"Better hold on tight," he warned. Even after saying that, though, he walked into the water rather than leaping like usual. Having Clint fly off backward probably wouldn't be much fun, so he must have been going easy.
Clint couldn’t help laughing at that. He lay his head back on top of the first aid kit and shook his head.
“What?” The billionaire huffed, annoyed.
“It’s nice to meet you, too, Peter.” Lola shook his hand and then hugged her book to her chest, peering down the beach. “A couple of weeks,” she said with a sigh. For some reason, she suddenly seemed way less excited.
Bruce stopped and held very still. Great...which Hawkeye was it? Then again, it wasn't like he could be killed, so what did he have to fear?
"Well, this's unexpected," Tony commented, squinting up at the sky. Another bolt of lightning flashed across the sky, and suddenly the rain let loose, pouring down in sheets. Tony's hair was instantly hanging in his eyes, his red shirt plastered to his chest with the Arc reactor glowing blue right through it. "Oookay, let's get in the cabin, everybody." Thunder growled across the sky like it was answering him.
"Okay, well, we'll put it on the to-do list, kid, but right now Cap's kind of poisoned and we're working on a cure. I'm sure I can find out who did it by looking at the scene of the crime."
"That's not the—" Peter began, but Aunt May interrupted him.
Bruce looked at him a bit sadly.
The King of Wakanda was in a plush white bathrobe with a stack of thick books under his arm. Seeing them, he smiled and stepped aside.
“Um,” Cap mumbled, clearing his throat. “He’s not, actually. He wanted to grab Wade and head out this morning but I, well I…I asked him to stay.”
"Hawkeye!" Thor called, starting toward them. "Have you found Banner?"
"...Ow."
"H-hey buddy. Long time no see!"
“Oh, the jerky had protein in it, we’re good!” Peter smiled and grabbed one of Wade’s arms, tugging on it. He looked comically slight and small-statured beside Wade, who in the daylight looked far more muscular than Tony remembered. He was no Steve or Thor, but still.
Steve didn’t know why, but the idea was a sad one. He sort of hoped that either it was just Hawkeye and Hulk that were in love or that they weren’t a couple at all.
Jan was mischievous when bored, so there was a chance she’d do something with the box…if she knew it was theirs. Knowing her, if she found a box behind the couch, she’d assume it was treasure and show it to everyone.
"Think so—" Bruce glanced from the door toward him, leaning back a little as he noticed that he and Clint were nearly nose-to-nose. The scientist cleared his throat and pretended to be extremely interested in the gory scene of toddlers devouring a teenage deadbeat boyfriend on screen.
Wade was promptly handed a big knife and an equally hulking onion. Steve sat a loaf of bread next to Peter, smiled, and then went back over to Tony with the sauce.
Hawkeye stared at the glowing hand in the door.
"Hey!" Hawkeye closed the distance between him and his lookalike, bending to be eye to eye with him. "I have more arrows, pal."
“Oh,” the man said, puffing his chest and crossing his arms, too. When he answered, his voice was pitched a lot lower. “I’m his old pal. Wade’s the name, killing’s the game—only not really, cause Spi-PETER said that’s bad! Which it totally is. Not denying that, just want to get my two cents in there that some people are serious assholes and MAYBE deserve to have their hoohahs chopped off.”
Peter's eyes widened.
Peter was genuinely concerned Wade would never be heard from again.
Peter was kind of flustered and baffled they were just stating themselves as his parents, and stammered a bit as he filled in, "She's just another visitor on the beach, I-I just met her yesterday and invited her to the frisbee game. It's no big deal, really!"
Lightning crashed and hissed outside like it was right over the mansion. Seconds later, thunder growled. The Hulk growled a little, too, looking up at the roof.
The Human Torch came into the room, raising a pizza box over his head.
Tony was doing that piercing stare thing again, and it made Peter squirm.
"You think so? I wasn't aware there was any 'paradise' going on between them," he said, picking up the sunscreen bottle Clint had abandoned on the ground and putting some on his hand. Rubbing it onto his arms like he was trying to warm up in the cold, he nodded at Clint. "You've got a sunscreen spot on your forehead, by the way."
With that, he pressed the screen and tucked it away and then grinned at Bruce. "Trust me, these sandwiches are worth the wait."
"Cut me some slack, Wolvie, anybody'd look scrawny beside you," Peter quipped, reaching up and grabbing onto the brawny man's arms. With a tug, he pulled himself upright and crossed his arms, now nose-to-nose with Wolverine.
"Well, the Skinner attacked, of course. Logan the mutant put up a fight, but he was no match for the Skinner's insane quest to steal new flesh to wear! When Logan grew his skin right back, the crazed madman couldn't handle it--see, he didn't just want to have a new skin, he wanted other people to have to do without, just like him. So he went right back to his gruesome work, and every time he stole Logan's skin, Logan would grow another one in seconds. It was horrible and really gross, but Logan told himself that any minute, the super heroes would rush in while the Skinner was distracted and take him down..."
Now he and Steve REALLY had nowhere to have a private conversation.
Tony glanced over at the scientist, who was standing there holding another skipping stone and listening to their conversation quietly.
"Staring at them won't make them work faster."
Matt considered it for a moment, then nodded.
"Nay, we must go together or the same fate may befall us."
"If you really want to catch him, you'll need to get him alone. If he sees his helpless allies, he'll only fight harder. Trust me. I know." He added the last bitterly, absentmindedly smoothing out a wrinkle in his tunic with a frown.
"Which is...what?" Clint asked, confused.
Unless Cap remembered, and it was just HIM who was the neglectful jerk of a parent. Ouch.
“I’m not into blonds, either,” he clarified. “I like brown—brown eyes, brown hair. Sorry buddy,” he added, patting Bruce’s back in an attempt to reach the Hulk.
The archer immediately lay flat on his stomach again, frantically paging through his torn up memories of last night to figure out how he and Bruce had wound up cozied up together.
"T-Thor?" Cap asked, shocked. He had really hoped it was Tony. "I'm f-fine. Where's Tony?"
Frowning, he dropped the kayak and leaned to look inside. Maybe it was from their shoes…
“We’re not entirely sure,” Clint sighed, glancing at Bruce. The guy looked like a bed-headed mess. Cute. Refocusing, Clint waved a hand at Peter. “We can’t leave them like THIS. They’re worse than when we got here and that had been going on for DAYS.”
"Scandal stuff, you don't wanna know," Tony replied lightly, taking another turn.
Slinging his way in the direction everybody else couldn't wait to get away from, he spotted the Hulk's green skin right away. The enormous Avenger was currently smashing two cars together like cars were the thing he hated most, roaring all the while. There were sirens in the distance, a little metal bench in the middle of the rubble sat untouched, and—aha! A sandwich shop, right there not ten feet away from the Hulk.
“Oh, I, uh…” Peter was dismayed to hear his voice go up in pitch. Honesty seemed like the best policy, here, but Loki seemed to hate Wade like everybody else, so he was pretty sure he’d be judged for wanting a weekend alone with the guy. It was tough to convey why exactly Peter liked Wade to anybody. Sometimes he judged himself over it, even. Other days he really appreciated having somebody to laugh with at the absurdity their lives often threw at them.
"Thank y-you." Sometimes it was hard to get through Tony's dodgy sarcasm, but he was the best friend Steve had had in the present century.
"Your voice is nearly gone—drink," Doom said, annoyed by his hesitation. "As if DOOM would stoop to poisoning a weakened prisoner. If I want you dead, you will KNOW."
"Of course. Can I unplug t-them all now or...?"
“DUDE,” Wade whispered, “I can’t cut an onion! I can’t let your dads see me cry!”
"A-hem. Anything I can get you two?"
Boy had that been an awkward moment of silence. Peter was so confused, too--they kept telling people they were his dads, but they didn't want anybody thinking they were an item? Why not?
A loud growl sounded behind him, and he was snagged by the back of the shirt and placed back onto the office chair.
A hasty pair of shoes and socks later, and Tony was making a beeline for the tent door, deciding not to even attempt to style his hair.
“What? No! He sent me along because ‘I wasn’t participating!’”
"Yeah. I bet," Tony grumbled. "Hey, Jarvis, suit me up."
Bruce moved his hand aside and looked at the blond in a really weary way. He seemed kind of sad.
Bruce gave a little shrug.
“YOU’VE had enough outta ME?” He laughed bitterly. “You’ve been on my case since we got here! I’m a grown ass man, I don’t need YOU telling me to eat breakfast!”
For a moment, it was just him and the rumbling storm overhead. The rain pelting the ground, the scent of wet sand, growling thunder and the hot, damp air around him.
“Um,” Peter ventured, “Are we seriously gonna go home early? Because I’ve gotta say, I forgot my phone charger back in Queens and my battery really is toast. Never did tell Jameson I was gonna be unavailable. Bet I’ve got like a dozen loud voicemails…” He wished he was making that last part up, but nope. Oof.
"Oh, please." Loki rolled his eyes. "I can handle myself." He continued up the stairs slowly. Whoever it had been was long gone now. Arriving at the top, he pushed the door open and stepped out into the hall, ashamed that he was panting. He looked both ways and turned back to Bruce. "This place is creepy at half power."
Or to huddle for warmth...Clint would be more appealing to huddle with than a soggy newspaper, that was for sure. Bruce didn't say that part aloud, though.
"I'm gonna go find tall, blond and handsome--ciao!" And with that, Deadpool was gone again, much to Loki’s relief.
Tony held his cup up along with the other hand as he shrugged, smirking back.
"Excuse me?"
Cap made his way quickly and quietly, though a bit clumsily, down the hall, keeping an eye out in the dark for any movement. Maybe the power going out was just another part of Doom's plan. He could knock out the power to distract everyone and then snag Thor without the Avengers knowing and be off. It sort of made sense.
"Hey, at least it's clean."
"Then...I'd better come with you two."
"SO, breakfast? If you can't open this stupid thing can Jarvis make us something?"
The blanket clad Clint didn't protest, instead placing a hand on Bruce's.
“I’m sorry, Peter.” Face flushing a bit, Steve grimaced. “We’ll talk later.”
“If he knows Peter’s not here, maybe he already dropped him off back at camp,” he whispered. It seemed unlike Thor to just ignore his actual task of finding the teen and to go visit Loki instead.
“Bruce, did you remember your fishing box? I remember seeing it in the living room, but…”
The Hulk snorted and clenched both hands into huge fists, but he did stop short of trying to smash Clint, huffing angrily instead.
The scientist looked up and squinted at him tiredly.
The room suddenly glowed green. Tendrils of magic licked out from around the hall as the other Hawkeye approached. He paused, smiling at them all.
"Jeez, you guys are so beat you don't even recognize a joke," Peter said worriedly, shaking his head. "Pepperoni and cheese. Maybe some olives, if we're feeling daring." He ducked back out to the main entrance hall to locate the phone.
Clint snickered. If only he knew.
"This's awful..." Pepper sat down on the floor, leaning against the bars and sighing heavily. "Do you think he wants Thor for the same...reason?" She coughed lightly.
Pepper peeked up at his face, wide-eyed.
"Power is at a premium right now, sir." Jarvis' voice was faint and low through the sound system, a bit garbled. "Main power is on, but the r...broadcasting signals are d...activated."
He hoped his aunt wasn't stuck on a subway train or in traffic somewhere due to the power outage.
Steve would have protested, but his throat...no. It wasn't that. He just didn't mind. Maybe Tony was right. The team took care of one another—that was how they had gotten this far. He stared over at the black haired man, speaking softly to keep from coughing.
Thinking better of it, Clint let go of Bruce’s hands and took a step back.
Aww, Wade thought he made the best s’mores? A split second later, the rest of the information sank in.
Without comment, Wolverine hopped onto his bike, revved the engine and sped off. The mercenary watched him go, chest deflating.
"What?!" Bruce was startled enough by that to make both Clints jump a little. Tony glanced back at them quickly, too.
“And we skipped the Quinjet why?” Clint asked for the third time. They’d barely started up the two mile hiking trail, backpacks and other gear in hand, before the archer began to bellyache.
"Have you ever been here before?" Pepper hurried after him, gesturing down the hallway. "I know somebody's in the medical room. Let's check there, okay?"
"I doubt it," the Clint on the table muttered.
…But what if it was a villain? Or a vigilante like Daredevil? Or the Punisher!
"That hurt. A lot," Loki told Bruce, frowning at him.
“Called it,” he heard Tony say as they stepped out of the trees. The coffee pot was sitting there on the table, steaming beautifully in the morning air. Like some kind of fever dream, there was an insanely high stack of pancakes beside it on a hopelessly overwhelmed single paper plate.
“Okay, well then that leaves the three of us with free time. It’s still raining. Maybe we should go back into the cabin?” He was weighing whether he should just talk to both of them at once about things. It had to be better than awkwardly trying not to be uncomfortable with Matt, who was also uncomfortable, and watching poor Wade try to casually be affectionate with Matt, who didn’t seem to be into it. Or maybe he was trying to leave Wade alone so he’d be available for Peter? The way Matt talked about Wade earlier, it didn’t sound like he DISliked Wade…
Cap took it, leading him along carefully.
"Woah! No one said anything about torture!" Clint sputtered, playing his part as best he could.
“Spaghetti or lasagna?”
"It's not..." Bruce sighed and covered his face with one hand. "I'm not afraid of you, I'm afraid FOR you. Please don't try anything."
“Are you serious?” Loki asked, crossing his arms. “I saw you yesterday, you fool! I know that you aren’t blind.”
Bruce smiled wryly at him and reached up, pulling something out of Clint's hair. Was that...a hunk of seaweed? When...?
Thor glanced between the two of them, looking quite torn.
A flash of Bruce leaning on his shoulder shot through Clint's mind and his face flushed.
"Oh, I plan to! Hulk, I need Bruce—I need his brain," Tony insisted, waving a hand at the Hulk for emphasis. "C'mon, Cap's your friend, right? You wanna help him?"
Slowly, Steve looked over at Tony with heavy eyes, then glanced away.
Loki settled for resting his head and arms on the medical table, sighing.
"Eh. I just wanted the Hulk to come out, but—" Clint cut himself off abruptly and made a face. "Hm."
Staring at his friend, Clint sighed, leaning to dig in their paper shopping bag.
"Okay, come on buddy." Hawkeye stopped, stepping around Loki to pull him up onto his back. He lifted him up with effort, giving him a piggyback ride. "You're making me feel bad."
"I know," She sighed. "We're waiting on Thor. He should be here soon. I don't know what set the Hulk off," She wondered, staring down at the scene of chaos below them. "Lately, he's been so well behaved."
“Stalking? What? No!” Wade waved both his hands quickly. “No, dudes, look—I’ll come clean.” He moved up close to them, hunching down to whisper. “He tracks me like all the time! It’s a thing we do. It shows how much we care.”
“What?” Steve said in shock. “Wait, wait.” Shifting, he faced Tony. “We missed his birthday?”
"Did he attack you again?"
"Are the sandwich makers good? Can they make sandwiches in the dark?" A power outage wasn't the end of the world...at the moment, he was more concerned with getting the famed sandwiches that Clint had dragged them over half the city for more than anything else.
Plunging his paddle back into the water, Steve powered them on toward the sand bar.
“Oh, no no.” Matt held up his hands, his smile turning sheepish. “Well, I mean you ARE gorgeous, but I meant that you’re not human, are you? Your heart beats at a different rhythm, along with other things. I’d say you’re an Asgardian, but I know I’d be wrong. I could recognize Thor’s physiology from a mile away.”
Man, that was a lot of freckles, he thought, trying not to look at Bruce. He remembered some of his conversation with Tony and the part about him being a creep for not telling Bruce he liked him came to mind the clearest.
Bruce looked up and met his eyes, just looking back for a moment.
They had gone into the tunnel now, and bright lights were flashing overhead as they passed them. The driver's face was half in shadow...but Clint was pretty sure that he was smirking.
Huffing a bit, Steve frowned and glared out the window at the beautiful semi-tropical landscape, complete with fluffy palm trees and white sandy beaches.
Great. Now he was going to be followed around by the beast. He had to find a reason to send him away now.
Or his pulse could go up, and he could smash the sandwich shop before they got a chance to make an order at last...
The masked man watched him intently, turning when he moved.
“Aye—fetch the bandages, he is bleeding,” Thor said, placing the also-soaked redhead onto his feet with great care. Matt’s hair was an absolute mess, hanging over his eyes. A trickle of blood ran down his chin from his bottom lip. Thor kept hold of Wade, adding direly, “I found them on the lake shore beside Loki’s camp.”
“Thor,” he breathed, stepping back over to Tony. “Thor can fly to go look for them. I don’t care if anyone spots him, we have to find Peter.”
"It's okay," Bruce assured Cap, stepping back over with a small vial of liquid that looked suspiciously like the stuff Doom had put into the goblet for him. "Alright. The samples compare as close as I can get without having Doom's formula."
Bruce blinked at them, his brows slowly lowering into a frown.
“Tony and I are NOT a couple,” Cap clarified, slapping another patty into the empty spot on the grill. “We never have been.” The blond man glanced back over his shoulder in the direction Tony had gone and sighed, adding, “We never will be.”
"Chop it up really small so it'll mix in," he told Wade, trying not to peek behind him. Was Tony all teary-eyed yet? This was about the only place on earth where he wouldn't have some welding goggles or something on hand.
"Will you keep it down?" Peter grumbled, rolling the motorcycle out of the garage. Aunt May was not at home right now, but still, they didn't have to announce to the world at large that Spider-Man lived there.
"Oh, that's...I'm fine," he replied, glancing at the Clint he was still leading along. He had been silent this whole walk.
Bruce immediately wrapped his arms around himself.
"'Kay, Steve...you got this. All green wires...out. DON'T pull—rotate."
"What? Not the little flag game, Cap," Tony said in exasperation. "I'm saying maybe Peter's matchmaking Matt and Wade and he's gonna make them team up, leaving himself out. That sounds like something he'd do."
"Huh. That explains why the cards aren't working." Carol sighed, flying up a bit higher to glance back at the mansion. "Look, I really should get back there. I saw Thor zoom off earlier and I figured he was looking for you, but he never came back."
Bruce shrugged and started up the stairs with Loki leaning on him instead of Hawkeye.
"You're going to make me move to the couch, aren't you..."
“I’m not going to get between him and Wade, if that’s what you’re worried about. I’d just screw it up, anyways.”
Hawkeye followed, tucking his bow onto his back.
"S-sorry. Um, Cap? I know Tony likes having no plan for the week, but I-I was kind of hoping we could do a team up thing. Y'know, so Wade could be part of the team. Matt, too, if he decides to stay." He directed the sad eyes on Daredevil, even though the guy couldn't see him.
"Huh?" He asked, looking "above" him at the redhead and blond on the couch. Looking back at Clint, Peter casually flipped down onto the floor and sat up, yawning. "Hey, g'morning Hawkeye..."
“Hey, you wanna cheat on your obnoxious boyfriend, be my guest. I don’t think I have to tell you that he probably won’t notice.”
Refilling his mug again, he sighed, watching the black coffee sloshing in the cup. It was only the second day of vacation.
Matt chuckled, squeezing Steve’s arm.
Tony and Pepper turned to stare at him in unison.
"I'll protect her, sir," Jarvis said. The voice came from the helmet still, but the glove twisted itself into a thumbs up sign as well.
"Jarvis, when did Bruce leave his room?" He added to the computer.
“Nobody planned for Cap and Tony to be here this weekend,” Peter pointed out again, patting Wade’s back gingerly. “All we can do is decide the best way to to handle it together—the three of us. At least I get to camp with you guys at our own camp, right?”
Pepper looked at him and nodded.
“They just ripped on their own?”
"Hey, a little warning!"
Abruptly, Peter wished they WERE having steaks instead. He sighed heavily and gestured ahead of them.
The Human Torch followed after him, extinguishing as he landed neatly on the front steps before he reached over to ring the doorbell.
Slipping as he landed on the wet sand, Clint steadied himself and looked around. The shore was being struck by wave after wave, washing away the remains of Cap’s sandcastle.
Tony stirred the bubbling spaghetti sauce, mulling over Steve's words yet again with a frown. Even when specifically talking about the two of them, it was a struggle to get a direct answer out of Steve. He'd admitted he was avoiding Tony, but he also hadn't exactly confessed to feelings of his own. "The same thing" could just mean that it had occurred to him that Tony might be interested. Hell, maybe that was why Steve called off the plan he himself had suggested. Steve had, after all, said that he didn't want to fight with Tony.
"Banner says you need the cure from Metalface himself. Can't make it right."
“It was fun. Thanks for having me. I have a case to get back to, but after that I’m free.” Adding a small smile, he shifted on his feet. “Maybe we could have lunch.”
"I-I look...tormented to you? Really?" He was in a pretty serious amount of pain, actually. Still smirking, though.
Hawkeye looked around the room, relieved.
Tony gave him the most forced smile he'd mustered in a long time.
Wordlessly, Bruce grabbed a fistful of popcorn from the bowl the moment Thor got near him, and proceeded to munch on it without looking up from the TV. He was staring through it, actually, too tired to think.
When Clint didn’t respond, Bruce took a moment to steady himself, listening to the thumping of his heart in his ears. Hulking out…would be very bad. Breathing deeply and reminding himself that Clint had probably fallen asleep with mouthfuls of food before, he shook Clint’s shoulder.
"Bruce!" The real Hawkeye rushed past him to grab Bruce's shoulders. "Whoa, calm down buddy!" He looked into the scientist's eyes, speaking softly. "Calm down. Deep breath. It’s alright. Just a flesh wound at the worst."
The other Hawkeye moved closer and grimaced, taking note of the needle. He reached over carefully, pulling Loki's hand off of Bruce’s.
"Wow," Peter said drolly. "So that IS her perfume. Why are you trying to smell like my girlfriend?" Oh, man, that sentence just sounded wrong...
The store didn’t have any normal vanilla-with-chocolate-cookies-sandwiches, NO. They had wacky flavors like ‘unicorn’ and ‘flying squirrel.’ Frankly, all they made Clint think of was Spider-Man’s villains.
The chilling scene was all visible in a flash of lightning. The ominous rumble of thunder that followed growled like some hungry creature as the hallway was again blanketed in shadows.
Hawkeye leaned around Loki to look at the wound on his side.
Thor raised the hammer above his head and shouted to the sky, "MJOLNIR, AID ME!" The air charged with electricity and the wind abruptly came up, the clouds rolling above their heads angrily.
"About as well as you trying to power a high tech mansion off your heart," Steve replied dubiously, tugging a wire out.
Deadpool hopped to his feet, grabbing around Peter's waist from the back and raising a hand to the sky in a salute.
He turned to Cap, adding, "And I need some blood samples from you. Clint looks a little beaten-up—if you have any other injuries besides the poison, you should let us know."
"No, I will. I'm the reason he came here in the first place, so it's only fair," he sighed. "Was kind of hoping you'd stick around, too. We're always fighting something--I think this's the first time we've ever all stayed somewhere together out of our costumes for a whole night. And Wade--" He fidgeted, glancing back toward the cabin almost shyly. "Never mind. Just let us be normal people on a normal vacation for one more day before he goes back to everybody back home treating him like dirt. Okay?"
“Alright,” Matt said quietly, perched on the branch above Peter. “I can hear him talking to himself.”
The scientist actually chuckled even more at that.
Bruce looked up, blinking.
“I’m sorry, Peter. I know how much Wade loves you. I won’t do that to him—”
"Are we really going outside?"
Oh, the Captain would be awake soon enough—when the Hulk came crashing out of the mansion.
"Oh ho." The blond wrapped his arm around Bruce's shoulders. "I'm way beyond bath. I'm thinking a bodybag might be in order." He laughed, trying not to shiver visibly.
“If you don’t want to fight, then don’t. Just let me say what I have to say.”
Laughing nervously, only to realize that he WAS laughing nervously, Clint turned and started off down the hallway. What the actual hell, man! He scolded himself mentally.
"Come on, big guy. That second one's supposed to have blood sucking mailmen in it." The blond grinned, patting Bruce gently on the back.
In retrospect, Bruce thought as he inched along the hallway in the pitch blackness, grabbing a flashlight from the medical room would have been smart. Unfortunately the medical room was about fifteen minutes and who knew how many feet of hallway away by now, and there was no turning back.
Spider-Man did a little flip and landed on his feet on the floor, heading over to the blond teen's side of the room.
“No, that’s right,” Cap told him, trying not to sound uncomfortable. “I carried you to the cabin so you wouldn’t break your neck. Do you remember what we talked about while we were swimming?”
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw Clint rolling his eyes.
There had to be some way to reassure himself, he figured. What the hell. No time like the present.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Clint growled, smacking Deadpool’s hand away. Jabbing a finger in the taller man’s face, Clint tried not to sound as pissed as he felt. “Don’t touch me.”
The Hulk roared and leapt out the window after the blonde woman, swinging his arm to snatch her out of the air.
"Uh-huh. Can it, get in line," Tony said shortly, pointing at the wall like the two were going to be in front of a firing squad.
"He wants Thor," Steve choked.
"Yep. Same bench." Clint turned his head to look at Bruce, their noses inches apart. The blond raised an eyebrow, amused. "Did you drool on me?"
"Tony said that he scanned magic on both of you," Bruce said, looking between the two of them thoughtfully. He was VERY calm now. It was actually a bit weird, he didn't seem to react to anything either of them said. He looked down at the arrow and injury. "For a stab wound, you don't seem to be bleeding much, either."
Bruce blinked and ducked his head down so that Clint didn't have to hold his arms so high to support the vest. This put their faces only a few inches apart, but at the moment not having rain running down his nose was worth the lack of personal space.
“That felt too easy.”
Tony was sitting there on the floor, leaning back against the wall. His Iron Man armor was in shiny red pieces disassembled all over the floor, and he was wearing just the black suit he normally wore underneath it. More worrisome at the moment was the mess of cords coming out of the wall and going into the Arc reactor on his chest.
“He went for the coffee before the painkillers—I think he’ll live,” Tony said dryly. “You know, it’s a good thing your pal Matt here ran into us instead of Loki.”
"Who is waving red flags?" Thor's deep voice made both men flinch. The big blond was, it turned out, sitting on the couch with a glass of some dark liquid in hand. Tony would assume mead, but he sure hadn't packed any of the stuff...
Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep...
“You don’t have powers?” Cap asked nicely, looking at Wade—who shrank in place a bit.
“We didn’t know Loki was here when we went hiking,” Peter pointed out to Tony. He paused, then gestured to Clint almost sternly. “And why didn’t somebody tell me Hawkeye has broken ribs? If I’d known I was responsible for dragging an injured guy around all day I never would’ve taken him on a miles-long hike!”
“Let’s go. I’m sure the shark is long gone by now, and we can’t stay exposed to the weather like this.”
Pushing off of the wall near the cart, the demi-god crossed the street. As soon as they went inside, he’d have an illusion of one of the Avengers come out and give him a kiss in the yard. The most difficult part of the plan was deciding which Avenger would earn him the most attention.
“What?” If anything, seeing Clint’s expression only seemed to make Bruce’s eyes flicker even greener than before. He focused on the first aid kit, rummaging around through it for gauze and rubbing alcohol with the slightest hint of frown on. “Don’t worry about me. You’re the one who’s bleeding everywhere.”
Clint stared after him, eyebrow raised.
Peter turned to Tony and shrugged.
"Aye, she mentioned that she would return. I had best go and find her, then. Good luck with your flag waver, and do try to be kind to each other," he said meaningfully.
"Seriously? Can we at least go find Bruce while you're off on your Cap hunt? He's probably passed out somewhere in an alley."
Tony looked like he was trying to keep a straight face as he assured both Peter and Matt, “Hulk said he showed up because Bruce had a run-in with a bear, so…not your fault.”
“Hey,” Tony called to them, waving. “The kayak thing is off, sorry.”
“I’M concerned,” Tony countered grumpily, glancing at Steve. “Aren’t you? If he was just plain normal-weary there wouldn’t be some deep buried secret involved, right?”
"It looks like it's gonna, though," Peter said uneasily.
Bruce automatically shrank away from the touch, but realized what he was doing and stopped himself.
The thing Clint had spotted wasn't Bruce, but it was familiar. His vest was dropped there in the mud, the zipper side sticking up. There were some rather Hulk-sized footprints leading away from it, too.
Turning to take Tony in his arms, Cap frowned up at the rain.
"Just do it." He actually looked nervous. The other Clint crossed his arms, eying him suspiciously.
"You guys hate him, don't you."
"Getting into a creepy taxi sounds like a really dumb thing to do. Why'd they go and do that?" Without waiting for an answer, he put the little gadget he'd been working on onto the table and snapped his fingers.
“It’s been about a year, I think.” Daredevil’s head tipped as he pull a t-shirt out of one of the bags. He stood up and faced Steve, sighing. “You two planned this, didn’t you?”
“Good morning Peter!” Cap barked around his waffle, dropping the rest of the sandwich back onto the plate. “I’ll have another batch ready in a minute. Do you drink coffee?”
Wait.
Thor patted Clint's back and let go of him reluctantly.
“I wouldn’t lecture you if you took better care of yourself! Every time I turn around,” Cap grabbed Clint’s arm and lifted it, gesturing to the blood, “you’re bleeding again!”
"You know, that sounds like something that would happen around here." Carol sighed, watching Clint, the one that was still in the cell because he was NOT a robot sent to kill them all.
"11:15 PM, sir," Jarvis replied glibly. "And Ms. Danvers may be mistaken about Hawkeye being taken away."
“Why do you think Thor would come over to talk to Loki without telling us?”
"Hulk smash fake Cupid!"
Taking off his tank top, Clint started that way. Sunscreen be damned. Maybe he’d burn on a tan.
Cap and Tony, however, were seated on the couch at the back of the room and seemed to be completely ignoring the tale. They hadn’t said a word to each other since everyone crowded inside, though a thanks was mumbled from Tony when Steve handed out towels.
“Tony, he said he was nervous to tell everyone he was queer. Maybe if he knows everyone here is alright with it, he’d feel more comfortable.”
Wolverine glared up at him. He was holding Peter up so high that the brunette was actually looking down on him. Maybe he was thinking? Or just waiting to throw Spider-Man off the roof. Either way, he didn't say much. Peter decided now was a good time to pull his face mask off and give Logan his best 'what did I ever do to you?' puppy eyes.
The young woman he'd lifted looked like she was fresh out of college, and through the smoke he could see that she had long brown hair—and what looked like burns all over her side.
The Hulk, who had been bludgeoning the wall of the mansion into rubble for several minutes now, turned to them and snarled.
Slapping a hand to his forehead, Clint groaned.
Bruce halfway suspected that no call had been made and that Clint faked it because he didn't want to admit the rain had fried the phone, but he only shrugged and stepped back over to slowly sink back down onto the bench with a sigh.
Steve sighed, sitting down on the edge of the bed. Forget pajamas and blankets. The bed was soft enough.
"And here I thought Steve would be the problem, with the shield-throwing reflexes and all," Tony muttered.
"Aye, I glimpsed her before. She retreated into the house," he assured Cap, pulling him closer by the arm to wrap him in a hug. "Come, let us follow her example—you are frozen!"
"...Forgot about those." The blond man sighed again, rubbing his forehead. It had been a long couple of days. First the debacle with Doom, then the two Hawkeyes, then the Hulk—and now this. The power being out was the last thing they needed.
"If he wakes up alone he'll just talk loudly and look for us," Peter pointed out quietly with a small smile. He started after Clint. "Where are we goin'?"
The other sighed.
“He’s gonna be on guard now that we ran into him,” Tony mused, shoving the sweatshirt over his head and sticking his arms into the sleeves. Pulling it down definitely made him look warmer, but the Arc reactor glowed strongly through the chest of it still. “If I text Jarvis to send me a suit, he’ll see that flying in for sure. Maybe if we just walk in around the side along the lake in the trees, though.”
Pepper only blushed and nodded.
“Dibs on Cap!” Wade shouted, grabbing Steve protectively. “It’d be totally unfair to have two super dudes on one team.”
The image of Clint fell away into a swirl of green magic, finally revealing Loki's true face. He looked exhausted and pale as he sighed deeply. It was hard to tell if it was a sigh of irritation or relief.
Clint smirked at him as he came over to poke at Tony's chest.
"Now he's excited," he said drolly.
Cap sighed, slowing his pace to walk beside Tony instead. Lowering his voice, he leaned to whisper down to the billionaire.
Both Clints jumped to their feet, abandoning the blanket in a pile.
Clint ran up to him, placing a hand on his shoulder.
He shrugged a little and sat back to pick items out of the first aid kit again. Needles and thread, medical tape, ointment. “I think you once said your bow’s more of an Avenger than me. And you’re sort of right. I certainly can’t take credit for Hulk’s accomplishments.”
Clint got up and paced the room, looking over the new cell with mild interest. Escaping didn’t seem like an option after he’d gone over the cell inch by inch. There weren’t any cracks, gaps or openings. Doom was a pretty smart guy.
Peter stared at him. They'd gone from alcohol--which he'd been about to conveniently turn into a joke, because duh he was too young to drink--to LOVE.
“Oh yeah there is!” Hawkeye said, nocking a fluorescent arrow and pointing it at Loki’s chest. “I’ll bet you put it there!”
"You're not coming with me?" Bruce imagined that a lot less plaintive than it sounded when he said it. He shoved his hands back into his pockets, because messing with his hair so much just made him look nervous, and he didn't need to give Clint any more reason to assume that.
“What if the Hulk destroyed them too?”
If that thought wasn’t a bad omen for the direction their friendship might go, Cap didn’t know what was.
"I wish they'd work in here," the pajama-clad Clint sighed, hugging his side of the blanket.
"It'll be fine—you know the drill," Tony was saying cheerfully. "It's pretty simple—if I collapse, unplug me. Easy cakes."
It was clear that he couldn't outrun the beast, so Loki stopped and turned around. The Hulk and the archer were said to be friends, so it was time to test that theory. Having completely reopened his wound, he pressed a firm hand over his side to stop the blood from dripping on the floor.
"CAP! HEY CAP!" Waving away a bellow of smoke from the door, he paused to drag the injured woman further back. "What the hell happened in there?"
Gazing up after him as he flew away, Loki looked downright surprised at the gesture.
“Great, thanks,” he told Thor as nonchalantly as he could, getting the fire set up to light. His mind drifted back to Peter, camping somewhere further up the hill with Deadpool. Unsupervised. If they didn’t hear from him by noon, Tony was going to go check on the kid.
Ms. Marvel, who had flown ahead to tell everyone that it was a success, looked up at them from the front steps. She waved as they landed.
"Moving hurts," Loki whined, looking back at him pathetically.
Steve glanced back down at Tony, raising an eyebrow. "Tony, d-do you...um." He mumbled, trailing off. Continuing up the stairs, he cleared his throat. "Would y-you marry me? Er, if you were...if I...asked you to?" He finished at last, clearly struggling not to look down at his friend again.
"I'll pay."
"So Tony, what's the plan for tomorrow?" He flung the frisbee at Cap this time, hardly watching where it was going. "IS there a plan, or is the point of this vacation to not have any plan?"
"You've been in there for days. Babysitting you is mind-numbing!" The archer sighed, moving closer again. "You sit, sleep, and read papers at your desk nonstop. Then if I try to talk to you, all you want to do is go right back to your papers!" The blond hissed, a hint of jealousy slipping into his voice. "I want to go smash up some bad guys. Shoot things. I don't know—anything other than watching you read!" Clint groaned, tossing his hands up for emphasis.
Peter took the shirt, raising an eyebrow.
“Um. Yeah,” Peter said sheepishly, snagging a cup of coffee and taking the seat on Matt’s other side. If he admitted to Cap and Tony that Wade had taken Matt’s glasses and cane, they didn’t have the context that Matt had other senses to help him out—they’d just think Wade was a grade-A jerk. “Hey, sorry we just moved in overnight. When we went up the hill back to our campsite, there was a tree through our tent,” he explained, glancing between his two ‘dads’. (If only. Sigh.)
“Who are you? Show yourself!” Cap’s reaction didn’t help reassure Tony as he stepped back, poised for a fight.
"It's late and the weather's horrible--you should stay 'til tomorrow, Matt," Peter was telling the red-clad hero, patting his back as they walked. "There's plenty of spaghetti to go around, right Cap?"
Loki raised an eyebrow, leaning on his double.
It kinda sucked that the beach wasn’t private. Now, even if he managed to convince Bruce to do anything, they had to dodge a whole beach full of people AND Ma and Pa Avenger.
Tony wanted to believe the kid was just enjoying a camping pastime, but he suspected that if they got into talking about past fights, Wade would have something horrible and gory to say, and that Peter didn’t want the Avengers to hear it.
The fingers on his shoulder squeezed and he caught a determined grin on Clint’s face.
Or Spider-Man, actually. It was no secret that the chipper neighborhood hero was welcome among the Avengers. Both Cap and Tony could agree that he was not only an excellent person and a beloved friend—but the child they never knew they had.
A glint caught Peter’s eye and he saw Lola making her way toward them. The woman was wearing a tiny gold bikini today and was fixing her hair quickly, her excited eyes locked on Cap’s back.
“You don’t know me, but I’m around all the time in Hulk’s head, and I know you.”
Tony, meanwhile, rummaged for forks in the silverware drawer a little overly loudly, plastering on the most neutral face possible. Well, ouch. Ouch, ouch, ouch. If Steve thought that talk only hurt TONY'S feelings, maybe Steve didn't have any feelings involved here to hurt. It made too much sense--explained why Steve was apologizing instead of trying to continue where their talk had left off.
Loki grimaced at the thought. While Thor coming home meant that he might be able to move his plan along, being locked in that cell again would make destroying Tony’s lab impossible.
"Nah, I-I'm...fine. N...never better..."
Peter held the card further away from the Torch's face.
"Ow, yes—but not that much! Stop putting your fingers in me!" Loki groaned, pushing the brunette's hand away from his side. Hawkeye turned around slowly, eyebrow raised.
"Okay, I see what's going on here." He pointed back and forth between them. "Stop it."
"Sooo, he's your sweetheart?" Tony prodded. Peter had been really hoping they would accept him rambling his way around that question.
“Is everything alright?” Steve asked as they got closer.
"If he was a Doombot, Doom would've used him to help catch Cap, don't you think?" Tony said, holding the offered arm and dabbing alcohol on it with a cotton swab right near the inside of Clint's elbow. He turned and reached for the syringe.
"Oh, my god," Peter groaned, slumping in the big man's grip. Being as flexible as he was, that made his torso and head hang backward like they were dancing a tango and Wolverine had led him into a low dip. He stayed hanging upside-down, though, letting his arms hang free as well.
"Like I said, Cupid, Banner's sleeping. Don't tell him I was here and he'll never know," he said confidently.
Meanwhile, Steve wrapped an arm around Tony's neck.
"Think of the H-Hulk." Cap reminded them.
Peter raised both eyebrows, which was a pretty Tony-like expression now that he thought of it.
The city was already waking up far below him with honking cars and meandering flocks of morning commuters lining up to get their coffee under the street lamps.
Matt pulled away first, shaking his head at Wade’s comment.
“I’m sorry, I have a question,” Matt cut in, still all smiles.
"You're welcome," he added quickly before turning back to the computer console and busily punching buttons. "Okay, Jarvis, scan him over and tell me the symptoms. Pay attention to his lungs, he keeps coughing."
"T-Tony, which one do I unplug?"
"This's a lot cooler," he admitted to Clint, nodding. "Thanks. Are you gonna stay up here with the team, or...?"
"Well, you did slap me in the face. I'm still not sure what I did to deserve that, except maybe being painfully boring."
"Why don't YOU go pay Jameson a visit? That'll shut him up for awhile," Peter grumbled, sitting up and stepping away from the car. "Just don't hurt him, no matter how tempted you are, or I'll be out a job. 'Bye!" He turned and hurried up the steps and into the house before Deadpool could reply.
Grabbing the big hand with both of his, Clint grinned up at the Hulk. He was not wearing a sombrero, but he had to be a drunk illusion anyway.
“I will gladly take first watch,” Thor volunteered, picking up Mjolnir. He frowned. “Hulk, what happened to Banner? When I brought him to the trail he was himself.”
A sugar high Bruce could end their vacation rather abruptly.
Tony sat up, blinking. Seriously? …Aww. He couldn’t help smiling, imagining whatever Peter had said to backpedal that comment before realizing he was talking to himself.
Bruce blinked and looked back from the doorway to the blond, realizing that he'd never replied. He'd gone over his options in his head, yet outwardly he'd just been standing there.
"We've also noticed that they both stop fighting and team up whenever they're focused on you," Bruce told Peter. "That's bad if they can constantly avoid their problems by distracting themselves, but it might help us here, too."
"Do we have to? I'm probably just too tired to make sense, but it's kind of nice to be outside. Get some fresh air and all." He glanced up at the sky dully as the rain began to pelt down harder.
“Last call for the cool car,” Tony called over, looking right at Peter as he said it.
“Yeah, it’s a big sucker!”
"Titanium would still not pierce my skin," Thor said, leaning to look at the needle thoughtfully. "...I pray that you must never draw a sample from me, friend."
Bruce stepped over and got the first aid kit. He seemed strangely touched to see the Clints getting along—probably because they looked like twins. Sitting the kit on the table, he carefully pressed two fingers to Loki's neck just below one corner of his jaw, feeling for his pulse.
"You...want me to keep a secret from Tony?"
"Please don't," he said quietly. "I can't, okay?"
Maybe if they got together, Hulk would change his mind. It was really unlikely, but hey. There was a bigger chance that that would happen then he and Bruce actually getting together so the odds were in his favor.
"...Ouch," the scientist said quietly, sitting there for a moment.
"Listen, last night I-I stretched the truth a bit," he said guiltily. "I don't have a boyfriend, I have..." Oh, it sounded so pathetic, so high school, but he had to admit it. "I have this guy I like, who seems to like me, but we're not actually dating. Yet."
Cap launched himself away from Bruce, diving out into the hall.
Steve nodded, staring back at Tony, his eyes thoughtful.
Across the fire, Peter caught another angry look being cast in Wade’s direction from Cap. The first avenger was setting up the grill like it was a guillotine.
A flash of red caught his eye, soaring high above. It looked like Thor carrying two normal people—one of which looked mostly naked from where Spider-Man was.
Clint stared up at the demigod, feeling way too short and way too human.
"It'll be open soon. What time is it now?" He asked, glancing over his head at Bruce.
With a whimper, Wade scooted closer and hugged his arms around Peter.
“About what?” Clint groaned, running a hand over his face. “I told you I didn’t shoot that guy!”
“You know, we’ll find something better to do, buddy. Fishing is SO boring.” Tony saw Hawkeye tell his friend, slapping a hand on Bruce’s shoulder and squeezing it.
“What has gotten into you today?” Steve asked, bewildered. “If you really don’t want to go to the lake, that’s alright I guess.”
"Yeah...I can see it. Well, good...then I didn't fry for nothing."
What a night. Everybody always wanted to know what brought the Hulk out when they talked to him about it afterward, and tonight's reasons... Well, it would have been more embarrassing if he wasn't planning on lying about it, but this was bad enough.
"Yeah, I..." He tried to think back on which part of the conversation Cap was referring to, but kept coming back to their root beer-fueled bickering instead. Wearily, Tony admitted, "I have no idea. Whatever they are to each other, they seem happy and so far Wade doesn't seem like a creep, so..." He shrugged halfheartedly. "Unless he turns out to be a super villain or a SHIELD agent, I guess we should just encourage Peter. Y'know, to be HONEST and just TALK to the guy, all mature-like."
"I-I just can't relate to most things on TV, I guess. I haven't really even tried watching it in years..." Bruce shivered. It was weird how warm things could make you shiver if you were cold enough.
In all the time that he’d known Thor and Loki, he’d never seen them being so civil. No one had been hit by a hammer or flung around by magic yet.
"Hey, let's go out the back." He turned Bruce away from the direction of the front door. "Thor might spot us."
He glanced over his shoulder back at the bonfire, too, and raised an eyebrow at the scene back there.
"Of course. Y-you think I tell him everything?"
Unsure what to say, he just settled in to stare off in the same direction that Bruce was.
"Don't go, Wolvie. You can come too! Good dates always need a third wheel!" He called after, waving a hand at the quickly shrinking motorcycle in the distance.
“You’re bleeding again,” came the quiet comment from a few feet away. Bruce was sitting there on the rock next to him, wearing just his purple jeans and looking like maybe he was cold and ignoring it. He had his knees pulled up enough to rest his arms on top of them. “Nobody redid the stitches, did they?”
"Uh. Okay." Without further comment, he turned and poked at the shop door. "Man, I'm really hungry."
"Okay, what the hell is going on around here? Why's this freak here?" The newest Hawkeye asked, gesturing to Deadpool. "What happened to the power?" He glanced around the room as they walked, noticing the blood on the couch with a raised eyebrow.
"Come on, we'll get some tomorrow, okay?"
"Chemistry shmemistry. You’re on your last year, dude! Who cares? Hotdogs are way cooler." The merc scooted a bit closer. "Why bother with that school BS? We could be hanging out and catching baddies all night!" He reached an arm around Peter's shoulders again—which seemed to be his thing tonight. "Or eating hotdogs." He was watching the brunette eat waaaay too intently.
“Thor.”
"So this's kind of cozy," Tony said conversationally, watching the lights flicker overhead. The backup generators' reasons for being off were simple enough to explain. The fuel was all gone. HOW was a question that could wait for later; they needed to get Cap a cure right away.
Down the stairs to the beach just then, Peter's voice echoed up.
"Doom will not go unpunished for this. If the mansion was not shielded, I would go confront him immediately!"
“Got it. Let’s grab ice-cream and go. We need to get those two out onto the water before noon. If we take too long, they might wanna wait until tomorrow.”
"Spider-Man." Ms. Marvel gracefully landed next to him. "Nice of you to swing by."
"Will a bobby pin do? I don't wear hair decorations, but my bangs do get in my face from time to time." Pepper sounded weary, but almost like she was cracking a joke, too.
"Jarvis, can you get somebody to bring Clint the pizza from his room?" Bruce asked the computer, glancing up instinctively even though he knew the cameras were really placed just about everywhere. "I've got to keep an eye on both of them."
The Shield agent walked close behind him.
“Is Hawkeye in some sort of trouble, Stark?” Thor’s voice made Tony flinch, and he practically shoved Cap away from himself. Damn it.
That was all Tony said. Just that, and averting his eyes to the side to look at the Iron Man helmet instead of Steve. He was surprising himself with how much that comment annoyed him. 'If you were a woman.' Guess that ruled him out, then—Steve needed to go find some old-fashioned '40s lady to hook up with. No, to MARRY, actually, because people in the '40s didn't hook up.
Peter looked at each of them in turn.
“Are you WITH Peter?”
Patting his shoulder, Cap flashed him a genuine smile.
“We need to fix the whole Steve and Tony situation. It’s just getting worse. Look, we’ve been talking to them and trying to help them work out whatever the hell they’re arguing about. I noticed you’re kinda doing that too, so we thought hey—why not team up?” Clint explained, trying to be as quiet as he could.
Sitting his plate down, careful not to dump his own sandwich or chips, the brown-haired man quietly stepped over to Clint. He gently grabbed the sandwich that Clint had hanging from his mouth.
"I-I think he's inside the house." She covered a small cough with one hand, glancing back the way she had come at the mansion. "How did you get inside? There's a shield around the place.
"I-I'm not sure," the woman admitted, wincing and clinging onto his shirt. "Slow down—ouch." The blond man sat her down a good ten feet away from the building.
"Here we are," he told the others grandly a moment later, pulling into a parking spot.
Johnny came into the kitchen too, marveling.
"Apparently less than I thought," Tony grumbled, sipping his own soda. "Maybe we should just leave Clint and Bruce alone too, then, huh? What the hell, who cares if it's dangerous, what do we know? We're only the leaders of this team." He huffed and crossed his arms. "Oh, sorry, you probably don't want me saying 'we' like we're something we 'certainly aren't.'"
Before he could comment, of course, somebody else started talking.
With a growl of annoyance, Cap pushed the door open.
"At least the cure's still in there," Hawkeye mumbled, rubbing his neck.
Bruce just sat back on the couch and listened to them bicker, looking at the bloodied gauze in his hands.
"Not until we eat something—where's Thor?" The archer grumbled loudly, glancing at the door. Spotting Spidey, he waved a hand. "Oh, hey bug boy. Tony and Cap aren't here." He stated the last as if it was the only reason Peter ever would be seen inside the mansion.
“Are you actually wearing Midgard clothing?” Thor asked curiously. “Surely if that were an illusion, the rain would not touch you.”
“Seriously. I’m alright,” Clint said again, wiping his cheek again.
“You said it yourself, the two of us had a whole day together, free from big green interruptions. Sorry buddy,” Clint added under his breath, swigging his drink.
"...Wow. It's like super tear gas to match your super soldier serum. You called it," he remarked to Steve, vaguely impressed. "It also kind of looks like he made it specially for you."
"None of your concern—or is it concern for your so-called brother that I sense?"
The inside of the house was stirring. Clint was grumbling under his breath, slapping a package of smoked bacon onto the counter top.
"Is this a date?" He wrapped an arm over Bruce's shoulder, smiling.
"Probably a good idea. This shirt's thin," Bruce said, and sounded weary yet again. He should've been a LITTLE more energetic after napping most of their 10-hour road trip, but nope. "Let's go down to the beach, though, okay?" Much more quietly, he added, "Then we can talk about Cap."
“You two seem like you’re more. If you’re worried about me being a third wheel, I promise I won’t be. I like you, too.”
“Come on, Cap,” he sighed. “They’re up here alone for the entire weekend together, and they were very, very surprised to run into us. Wade was wearing Spider-Man swim trunks this morning at breakfast.” He paused, wrinkling his nose. “How old is that guy, anyway? Oh god, 17’s technically the age of consent in New York, isn’t it?” He fell silent, trying not to think about that too deeply. Hawkeye was there, he reminded himself. Hawkeye, the sarcastic bandaid-coated angel he could count on to shoot Wade at the slightest provocation…
"Painkillers. That sounds nice." As if pain bothered him enough to warrant taking human-made pills. Where was his brother? "Hey." Loki sat up, holding his side—it actually DID hurt—and waving to Bruce. "I'm gonna go sleep this off."
"I guess it's not like I could tell anyway." Clint tugged at his sopping shirt. "Man, we probably should have just stayed in the boring lab." After a moment of thought, he cringed. "I hope no one comes looking for us at the lab. They might freak out if we—well, you—weren't there."
Setting up tents always reminded Cap of his time back in the army, before his super strength or the very pleasant company of Tony Stark.
"I mean sitting motionless, for hours, like I do every morning. You mean you're not watching that, too?"
"Ugh," the archer grimaced. "Comprende—" He rolled back from where Thor landed, reaching for his bow—only to clasp his fingers around empty air.
“Aw, c’mon,” Peter groaned, hopping to the ground and clicking on his belt light. The red spotlight shone over the smashed tent, tree branches having half-demolished the campfire ring as well. Judging by the huge footprints all over the place, either Bigfoot hated his love life as much as Cap and Tony did or the Hulk had been by.
Turning to Hulk, Clint looked up at his friend and sighed. It was getting dark and Bruce was probably going to insist that he and Hulk take off into the woods again. Clint hated the idea. Maybe he could convince Hulk to take him along and let him sleep on his back or something?
Loki sat down on the coffee table, staying close to Bruce. The wound in his side was still alarming. Why hadn’t it healed around the arrow? What kind of arrow WAS that?
Matt didn’t reply either, though, also opting to sip his coffee again.
"I'll be back quick." He glanced back at Steve one more time before hurrying out of the dungeon.
“Er, not about Wade. It’s actually about—”
“Yeah, um, hi, hello,” he said, smiling nervously at the various Avengers in front of them. “What’re you guys doing here?”
"Hawkeye," Tony said drolly, still typing. "Speaking of, there's more than one Hawkeye at the moment—clone or Skrull or something. Bruce's keeping an eye on them." He paused, smiling in bemusement. "Oh, that's probably why he never showed up when I called for him."
Bruce stepped over to help him up, looking worried. "Sorry to yell, Clint—I, ah, I thought you'd be halfway down the hallway by now," he said.
“I watched a documentary,” he commented, glancing back behind them as they went. “Most shark attacks are just caused by curiosity. Maybe it’s just curious what it bumped into?”
"He said his name is Wade, by the way. And he also knows Peter's age and called him 'super hot', so in case he tries to say they're 'just bros', I don't think so."
“Sorry, no Peters here! Get lost!”
“Uh, not my type,” he said, settling for being vague.
Hopefully.
“Shortcut!” Wade supplied proudly.
Heading straight for the pot, Clint burned his fingers as he shook it. The satisfying sloshing sound was a relief, though. He’d had one hell of a day!
Peter hurried after the two, closing the door behind him.
Loki stood at the edge of the firelight, the quickly dimming skyline behind him.
Steve’s eyes widened as he watched him go. The man was blind!
Hey, we're written ahead enough that we're going to start posting twice weekly now for this fic! As always, comments and kudos appreciated. ♥
"...Are you going to kiss me? I mean, it's not raining—but hey!" Wade puckered his lips under the mask and waved a hotdog at Peter.
“Hawkeye and the Hulk, huh? Thought I picked up on something between them.”
"Aww, crap," Spider-Man muttered to himself as he slung his way across the city again. "I'm never gonna get any sleep at this rate!"
"...Would I what?" Tony couldn't help it, he had to pursue this conversation thread while it was still going. That, and he was still kind of irked over the line about ‘if he was a woman’.
"Yeah, well there's one thing we can agree on," Tony grumbled, rummaging in the cooler. Virgin Bloody Mary was a lame flavor, and since getting drunk while keeping an eye on somebody would be just plain stupid, he wound up taking one of Cap's root beers.
“You make the best s’mores, bugs,” Wade gushed, pulling Peter up onto his lap. “And I’d love to make you some, s’more or less, but I gotta go fight the cannibal mutants in the woods. SO.” Wade stood and plopped Peter back where they had been sitting. “Try not to make too much noise and see if I brought my molotovs, ‘kay?”
“Like m-me too? You and-and Hulk both? Oh wow,” Clint stammered, slapping a hand to his head. “That’s uh…”
Glancing at the door, Bruce nodded.
As desperately as he wanted to swig down a bucket of coffee, Bruce had gone up to the cabin. Following after him meant that Clint might have to come up with words and put them into sentences way too soon.
“Why yes. Tell us 'Clint.' What do I want with you?” Loki grinned.
Peter sighed and shook his head. "Man, why do they have to assume I'm partners with Deadpool? And they make us sound like we're VENOM or something!"
“Look, we hiked for awhile, then I saw a monster in the lake and we decided to head back.” Clint tucked his bow onto his back and pressed a hand to his side, hissing in pain.
Peter shoved the ibuprofen and a bottle of water into Clint’s hand.
"H-hey...wait! Wow, okay then," Tony grumbled, realizing he was talking to thin air. He crossed his arms, glancing over at Bruce and Clint sleeping on the medical bed side by side, and raised an eyebrow. "Get a room indeed. Sheesh."
"Tony," Steve managed quietly without coughing. "Thank you." He settled into a nearby chair, looking exhausted.
“NO! Bugs will be heartbroken! I’ll save them!”
"I'm not a fake! You are!" Hawkeye growled, poking Loki's shoulder.
Scoffing, Wade picked the patties back up and started reshaping them.
Slapping an orange soda into Hawkeye’s expectant hand, Cap sank back in his seat.
“Banner said he wasn’t gonna mention it.”
"A wall-nut!" Wade exclaimed, giggling hard and covering his mouth with his wrist as he doubled forward. He looked at Spider-Man. "...You know, because you like crawling on walls," the merc clarified, as if Peter wouldn't get it.
The supposed archer looked back at Thor, surprised. That could be fun to watch. Give ol' Doom a surprise. Thor might not be able to actually hurt Doom. He could, however, mess up his castle.
"Maybe you should take a nap and let the Hulk out to play?" Clint said, glancing back at the tired looking scientist. He paused in the hall and waited for Bruce to catch up. "Are you...missing a shoe?"
Hank was too distracted whining about his bug stuff to look behind the couch in the first place, plus he had been there at the time when Cap told Clint to give the box to Bruce. Ant-Man would probably hand it over to Bruce, too.
“What’re you doing?” Cap hissed to him. “Someone needs to keep an eye on them!”
The archer seemed unbothered, even as sheets of rain splattered them in the face.
“I’m certain that Clint has seen Bruce naked more than once, since he spends so much time with the Hulk. Not all of Bruce’s pants are spandex blends…” Glancing his way, Steve frowned a bit sadly, offering the spatula back and adding in a whisper, “Bruce knows what he’s doing. Both he and Hulk don’t want to hurt anyone.”
“We need to call Hawkeye. Peter shouldn’t be away from camp with a super villain around.”
“Think so,” Clint told him, distracted all over again from looking at Bruce. Brown eyes were nice, especially with Bruce’s face around them. “Hey,” he said, leaning to catch the other man’s gaze. “I’m sorry you don’t have your tackle box.”
Peter stood, too, reaching up to pat his shoulder.
Finally forcing his mouth to stop talking, Clint averted his eyes off into the dark woods.
"They sure pushed us offshore fast," he commented in a carefully casual tone. "Think Peter's sneaky enough to get rid of us so he has time with the other corners of his love triangle?" The kid had been so cheerful and so VERY well-prepared. Tony felt a little bad for being so cynical and suspicious, but he just had a feeling about all of this. Cap had to notice something too, right?
Puffing out a sigh, Steve sat down heavily just outside of the kayak and propped himself up against the rocks. It was good that the sandy spit had a hill, or the waves would be crashing over their heads right about now.
Out of nowhere, Matt leaned forward, pressing a kiss to Peter’s cheek.
He made a show of leading Matt over to sit by the campfire, sighing. As long as Cap and Tony thought that Matt was a regular civilian, he had to pretend he couldn’t get around without his walking stick.
"Hey...hey, i-if I flatline," Tony mumbled, pausing to cough again. "Defib p-paddles...under the sink..."
"Not a thing! I don't need to imply when you two are 'helping' the other put on sunscreen again 'because you washed it all off in the ocean'." He gave the overly-strong tequila mix another sip. Hey, it wasn't that bad, really. The fizzy part was nice.
"Uh, nothing," the other responded quickly, moving his arm down on his face to cover his eyes. What HAD he wanted to talk to Thor about? In that moment, he really couldn’t remember.
"Hello!" Peter tilted backward at the waist, swinging his head out of the way just in time.
"Be serious for a second!" Pepper said.
Peter nodded, peeking at Tony again. He was standing around stirring the sauce, now wiping at his eyes with the back of his free hand. Peter was pretty sure the whole kitchen was thinking the same thing right now: it must be nice being Captain America and not having to deal with things like onion fumes...
"I think you t-take care of each other." He gave her a smile and stepped back a bit to give her some space. "We need to look this whole place over." He leaned on the wall again, moving along it to examine the place better.
The little hum of Tony's machines that was part of the background sounds in the mansion had vanished as well—the room was silent save for howling wind and grumbling thunder outside.
"Yeah. laugh while you can, doombot."
“Oh, well,” the woman mumbled, growing shy as she played with the tip of her braid. “He’s awfully handsome. Is he staying here long? I’d love to say hello. Oh!” She put a hand to her mouth, showing off long gold nails. “I’m sorry. I’m not trying to be creepy! My name’s Lola. You are?” She offered her hand to him, smiling.
"But what about the big force field thingy? I smacked right into it a minute ago, so I know it's still there!" Johnny rubbed his head and held a hand out to Peter. "Gimme your card."
"Oh, that's not necessary," he said quickly, waving his hands and mustering a smile. "I nap upside-down on the roof ALL the time back home--sometimes it's like I don't even need a bed. I figured I'd just do that here!"
At the risk of invading personal space, Bruce placed a hand on the archer's back and rubbed it lightly. That usually made people feel warmer...not to mention it was comforting.
Surely Hawkeye wouldn’t leave them alone for long.
"I-I wasn't going outside! I just wanted to go to my room!" The Jotun protested, wriggling in the Hulk's hand. "My bed is way more comfy than those stupid tables."
Did Clint fall asleep in the middle of dinner? That was dangerous, Bruce thought worriedly.
Then something soft and warm was draped over the captain’s shoulders. A blanket, he realized, opening his eyes and blinking at it. Tony feigned indifference as he walked away to go back to the mini bar in the corner. Maybe he'd bring back water.
“Er, very well. Where is Tony Stark?” The giant blond asked, hesitating as he stood from the couch.
“Of course we trust you, Peter,” Cap told the kid sincerely, uncrossing his arms and looking to Tony for some kind of cue, blue eyes stormy. “I think I’m beginning to understand why you were hesitant to tell us about Wade. I had been thinking you and him were a duo…not a trio. Is that why you two aren’t an item?” Cap nodded his head in Daredevil’s direction subtly.
"That...is a lot of...blood."
"Oh, it's going to be a long day," Carol sighed, shaking her head.
"You...need something?" Clint looked over his shoulder at him, eyebrow quirked. He turned to face Bruce, now very close.
Up ahead, he heard Bruce tell Clint, “The trail splits here. Are we planning to camp in the woods or on the lake?”
Almost unconsciously, Bruce took a step back from the table. He was moving toward the door, so it didn't look THAT out of place. He'd been awake for what felt like days, too; he could claim to be tired, but he figured Clint knew as well as he did that the Hulk never really got tired.
A jolt ran through the merc’s arms, and the billionaire pushed him away quickly.
Still grumbling, he resumed his swinging. He'd told Johnny he might visit today, since it was a weekend and Peter didn't have to go to school. Aunt May thought he was doing some special report for his photography job.
Thanking his lucky stars Cap and Peter were having a bonding moment, Clint offered the ball of clothes to Bruce.
"I thought you were watching," Bruce mumbled, looking up and down the street at the crosswalk they had just arrived at.
Despite his best efforts, moving still flexed Pepper's back a little, and she winced. Leaning against his shoulder, she inhaled slowly.
A smart home with walls that folded down into spare beds would've been super handy right about now.
Glancing at Thor as if just remembering they were supposed to be quiet, Tony suddenly lowered his voice again. “It’s possible Peter actually didn’t even celebrate his birthday. Matt said he’s been busy with work, ‘helping people’ and applying to colleges. Colleges, Cap! We really need to have that chat with him about our college fund or he might limit himself based on what he thinks he can afford, here.”
"Oww! Okay, can we stop with the fastball specials?" Tony was holding the frisbee and rubbing his face. He recovered from that really quick, though, handing the frisbee to Peter again. "Get 'em, kid."
“You guys are jerks!” A woman’s voice called shrilly from the shore. When Tony looked, there was a miffed looking blond woman with a camera clutched in her phone like she was recording.
A hand grabbed Peter's arm, stopping him abruptly.
Steve did not respond, shivering a bit. Was he cold? He rarely ever got cold. The redhead reached to feel his forehead, her hand warm against his skin.
Loki sat up a bit at the word 'magic,' raising an eyebrow.
“Language,” Steve sighed, blowing on his own coffee.
The Clints sighed in unison.
"Then there must be another he holds dear! One he cannot ignore, even if going to them is a fool's errand," Doom insisted.
“Now will you accept my help, Stark? Or are you too stubborn to live?”
"...You think there are surveillance cameras in here?" Pepper glanced around at the ceiling cautiously.
Clint took the offered hand gladly.
"Definitely," Steve said, getting slowly to his feet. He wobbled back and forth, before resting a hand on the wall to steady himself.
Instead of an explosion, like Loki had expected, there was a sizzling sound. The arrow splattered on contact, spraying the door with some kind of acid. It didn't seem to be working, but after a few seconds, it started to eat a hole through. Large chunks of the door fell away, leaving a very dark tunnel to the hall outside.
Choking on his trail mix, Clint spat it off to the side, turning to gawk at Peter in disbelief.
"With what? This stuff looks boring," Clint sighed, poking at another paper. He wasn't wearing his usual purple attire. Instead, he had a dark blue long sleeved shirt on, with a black vest over it. His boots and tights were also replaced with more normal jeans and sneakers. He looked very casual—maybe it was a Saturday?
Meanwhile, Bruce looked thoughtful.
With that, the card flickered out.
Bruce wasn't sure this would go very well—him and Clint alone in the same room last time had equaled the Hulk—but he knew he couldn't stay standing around in the kitchen forever. For some reason, returning to the living room and sitting close by Clint's side on the couch just seemed unbearable. At least if he fell asleep in his own room, people were less likely to trip over him, or startle him, or do anything else that made somebody's pulse pound.
"That was nearly instantaneous!" Thor looked up at the roof of the cell curiously.
“Makes me wonder what you and Cap were up to all day. Playing house? Which one of you gets to explain the birds and the bees to Spidey?”
“You know, Stark and Rogers? I was gonna go with Stony, like the fandom uses, but I felt like it’d be way too obvious.” Wade paused to take a gulp from his cocoa, glancing between both Matt and Peter. “I guess we could go with Iron Captain, or Captain Man…”
Accepting the plate, Peter immediately started piling whipped cream and berries on top of a waffle. He sandwiched the other on top like Cap had done with his.
"Totally! That's all I want—just some hotdogs and a little R&R—then BAM! I'm outta here! Nope, no more New York for me—I'm off to...Detroit!" He grinned under his mask, nodding. "Yep!"
"Hulk kind of agrees with you. I shouldn't be surprised, but I am. Tony Stark is famous for being a playboy, at least the rest of the world sure thinks so." He sighed, rubbing sunscreen into his neck and then bowing his head to put it on his face and ears. "Maybe it's even worse than that--maybe Cap tried asking him out and got turned down."
Bruce was so used to beeping meaning a heart monitor that he was puzzled for a second when he was dragged off of the bed curled in the blankets and the beeping didn't speed up. Judging by the volume of the 'thunk', it was lucky that he landed on the floor instead of on top of Hawkeye.
Loki hurriedly leaned away from Thor. His brother was far from a master of subtle cues, but seemed to get the idea this time—he carefully lay Loki back down on the pillow and busied himself with tucking the blankets and rearranging the pillow.
"You have my word," Doom said flatly, turning and zapping the door lock with green bursts of lightning from one gauntlet.
Peter hadn’t expected to go hiking today, but he’d been excited when Wade suggested it. They might be able to get back to the goal of this trip: some time alone in the wilderness!
The Spider Sense was tingling more in Matt’s direction than Loki’s at the moment.
Clint also perked up, sitting up and leaning over Bruce to look at the door. Or maybe to just lean on Bruce. Whichever.
“I noticed a sandcastle on the beach. Are you thinking something like that?” He asked Clint in reply, covering another yawn.
Loki stiffened from the hug, fighting off the overly powerful urge to run away. Slipping a hand up, he patted Thor's back, breaking away and scooting down the couch. Why in the world was his stepbrother so affectionate? Ugh.
"Daredevil's a carrot top, guys," Tony said assuredly. "And shorter than that guy." He frowned after Peter and the blond, too. "And he did not mention any tracking devices. God, maybe he is a SHIELD agent..."
Steve went over to Tony, hovering a hand over his back. The chance of lightning striking them had to be very low. Still, Tony was a normal person.
“I said ‘after five.’ It’s five fifteen,” Steve replied easily, reaching a hand up to tame Tony’s hair. “I’d better go check on Thor.”
"Why, do hot dogs mean something I don't know about? We're in New York, they're like a way of life here," Peter replied, looking up at him again as they zoomed over the cityscape in a blur. He was still holding his hands up. "Besides, we met on an abandoned rooftop, in the middle of the night. The hot dog guy looked like he was about to shrivel up and die, and nobody believes a word Deadpool says since he's crazy. Who could've said anything?"
The door pulled open wide enough for Lola to peer out at him, green eyes curious. She was wearing a towel and as far as Peter could see, nothing else.
The tackle box was metal.
"Now, see, I KNOW you're a night owl. It's only eleven, anyways. What's the hurry?" Coming back over, he snorted. "It's not like your papers are going to run away." He reached out to pat his friend's shoulder, looking Bruce in the eye. "They'll call us if they need us, buddy."
“I can’t imagine any Avenger dating a super villain, but sometimes the heart is unpredictable.”
Peter hurried after him, though.
"It's thoughtful of you to check on me, but you don't have to feel obligated. I'm okay, just...preoccupied."
"What kind? Peanut? Cashew? Because I know what kind of nut you are!" He paused expectantly, leaning to stare at Spidey with big white eyes.
Bruce put his other hand over the one Hawkeye was holding and nodded a little.
Well, Steve could have done without that last one. Time had changed what words were spoken casually in public.
"Yeah, well it doesn't explain why Pepper ended up in the same kind of shape," Tony noted dubiously. He paused for a long moment, glancing over at Steve. "Doom didn't do anything ELSE to you while you were there, did he?"
“We need to talk to Peter,” he mumbled, his voice sad.
"Yes—h-he's up there. Please hurry!" She coughed and pressed a hand over her mouth.
"You do?" Bruce stared at him a bit nervously.
Pepper got to her feet, too, looking at him unhappily.
"Oh, yes. Cap's a little under the weather, though," Pepper warned, looking around the room. She stepped over and looked at the couch worriedly. "Is that blood?"
Tony ignored him, his nose practically pressed to the newspaper as he examined it.
He was actually grateful for the fish hook. It had kept him from putting his foot in his mouth about his stupid crush on Bruce.
"Ohjeezsorry! I was trying to scare whoever was IN the stairwell!"
“Yeah, DAD, I’ve got it RIGHT here!” Clint quipped, hoisting the big bottle up for Captain America to see.
Loki just stared up at him, giving no reply. Laying on his back felt very nice.
"YOU!" He was pointing at Hawkeye.
Quirking an eyebrow dubiously at him, Steve crossed his arms.
Clearing his throat uncomfortably, Steve plucked the spatula from Tony’s hand and stirred the spaghetti sauce zealously.
A tiny pang of guilt went through Clint as he made his way back toward the stairs up to the cabins. Hopefully Cap and Tony were alright out there. Steve was tough, but Tony was a normal dude.
The Clint on the medical table glanced around too.
Deadpool came bursting out of the bushes at the edge of the camp. He was dressed in loud red swimming trunks with an image of Spider-Man printed across the hip.
“Buh…” The other man said, staring at him through wide blue eyes. “Freelance! I do a lot of odd jobs. You know, help people…do stuff.”
The loud knock on the door was enough to give both men a jolt of adrenaline.
“N-not yet! Nobody else knows!” Cap hurried to clarify. He was touched that Thor was so accepting, and more than a little relieved.
"I...uh. M-my experience in PR says, the public will probably be surprised somebody from the '40s would DO that," she admitted. "They're gonna talk no matter WHAT Tony does."
Bruce coughed and sat up slowly, accepting the vest to wrap around his waist like a very small blanket. It honestly didn't cover much, with the arm holes, but was better than nothing. The scientist brushed some dust out of his hair and looked up at Clint for only a second before quickly looking away at one of the walls.
“I don’t think he’ll hold any grudges.”
Well, he didn't LOOK like he was dying of poison...hmm.
"I… He should be fine by now—we sent Jarvis to get his backup reactor." He wasn't wheezing or coughing anymore. Maybe he really was cured. "And I came to find you. We found out who the real Hawkeye is and which ones were fake."
"Listen, no offense to you, Hulk, but we really need Bruce back to work on this medical stuff. Even if he’s not that kind of doctor. Once I figure out who caused all this trouble, I promise you’ll get to help smash 'em."
Tony was facing away from him, toward the stove, stirring the sauce in the pan. Jeez, that was one strong onion--Wade was chopping away at it, and Peter was pretty sure tears had been streaming down his own face for awhile now. He sniffled. If Tony would just turn around for a second...
“Alright. Maybe we can see this as a good thing. If he’s with a man, clearly he won’t be bothered about us. But…Deadpool?”
“I understand why you didn’t want us to know who Wade was, but Peter—Deadpool is not a superhero. Not by a long shot.”
Bruce was fitting the stethoscope earpieces into his ears.
“If there’s anything I can do to help, please let me know. Alright?”
“Tch, they’ll love me! As soon as Papa Stark finds out about my bathtub full of money, he’ll be all ‘oh, Deadpool, you have our blessing!”
"Now that the mansion is shielded, there is no need to imprison either of you," Thor said, not so much as glancing away from him for the door. "Until we discover why there are two of you, I see no reason to treat either of you as anything less than the dear friends that you are."
“Okay,” Tony echoed, sitting back from the table. “What do you mean OKAY? If I ever catch you two doing the horizontal tango—you’re off the team!”
The moment Steve heard the man’s reply, he got up and made his way up the stairs, knowing that Matt would hear him approach. Daredevil kept talking, though.
“So he’s comfortable enough to let you listen in on his phone calls with me…and has never said a word about you or dating you to us,” he assessed, frowning. “Well that stings a bit. I guess I can see why he’d want to hide Wade from us, but you don’t seem so bad besides being too old for him.”
“Loki doesn’t need to fool Thor, he’s fooling himself,” Tony grumbled under his breath.
"What's your problem? Every time we meet back up, you act like you've seen a ghost or something.”
Clint didn't protest and let Bruce lead him away.
"Yeah...I've heard of Deadpool, and that guy's always in a mask, right? No masks in sight here since Spider-Man put his away." He paused, realization dawning that Peter's secret identity was at risk, and added warily, "Which direction do you hear him from?"
"...Tell me, what did Doom aim to achieve in taking you and the Captain? Surely it could not be only an arc reactor."
Jogging up without Matt, Wade gasped at the state of their camp.
"Hey, you alive in there?" Came a familiar voice from just outside the door. Clint came in, a tall cup of coffee in one hand and a large box of pink glazed donuts in the other. The donuts were encrusted with rainbow sprinkles, too, and their clinging sweetness could be smelled from the desk. "Hungry?"
"Because of the Hulk," he repeated. "If anybody gets in trouble because the other guy had a tantrum, it's going to be me. Don't worry about it."
The big power button was the obvious answer to the metal detector dilemma, but that would mean he had to let go of Bruce’s hand to turn it on.
The gooey burnt mess stuck on the stick suggested that was a pretty low bar, but that wasn’t the point. A s’more contest meant they got to eat s’mores afterward, together, just the two of them.
Tony groaned in a melodramatic way and got to his feet.
Success. Loki leaned on him, but he didn’t have to fake limping. His injury was furious with him. Damn his duplicate who had jabbed him in the ribs. Loki had practically smelled the magic coming off of the new Hawkeye—he wasn't a mere mortal, either. The Trickster only hoped that Thor had sensed it, too.
Steve turned to look at her, breaking away from the hug.
"Okay...what happened?"
Thor was about to reply when he caught sight of Steve and smiled, waving at him.
Clint chuckled. shaking his head.
"Tony." Captain America stood up, leaning on the wall for support. Judging by all the wheezing, he was barely able to breathe. Despite this, Cap looked genuinely pleased to see the billionaire for once, and even managed a hopeful smile.
Steve sat his water glass down, finally noticing the arrow wound in Loki's side.
“On second thought,” Cap mumbled, pointing to the marshmallow. “Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
“Oh hey!” Wade greeted cheerfully, waving the bloodied hand that had been holding his wound. “Weird running into you guys here!”
"So did I—just took you awhile to figure it out."
"Clint s-said that Doom wanted to trade Thor to s-someone."
Just after putting on sunscreen.
Clint glanced between them, trying not to get pissed on Bruce’s behalf. If they had something they wanted to say that would piss Bruce off enough to turn into the Hulk, he wasn’t about to take their side. Even if Hulk had trashed the campsite.
The sky didn’t open up and dump rain on them, though. No, the thunder was just announcing the arrival of Thor, who came flying down out of the sky and landed heavily on the ground beside his tent. He had two people with him, one held under each arm. The first was Wade, soaking wet and dripping water in the campfire, and the other…
After showers and dry clothes had happened, he and Bruce had settled onto the floor to play Blackjack. It was the easiest game Clint knew and hopefully that meant that it wouldn’t stress Bruce out. His first choice had been Go Fish—before he realized that that had the word ‘fish’ in it and might somehow lead to a conversation about the damned tackle box.
Before he forgot that he was holding it, Bruce carefully tucked the capped syringe with Steve's cure in it into his pocket.
Tony added coffee grounds and water to the percolator and sat it in place on the rack over the fire.
Clint figured he should have known better than to assume Cap was hateful about anything. The man was extremely tolerant, which was probably how he and Tony stayed friends, and probably why he could put up with all of the team’s crap. Especially Hawkeye’s. The blond sighed, taking a mental note to apologize to Steve for being an ass at breakfast.
“Jeez, Cap,” Tony rolled his eyes, cringing at him. “You sound so old and…ugh. Don’t say homosexual. It’s so...clinical.”
The thunder roared overhead, and abruptly rain began to dump from the sky in sheets again. If Bruce was out here with no clothes, the poor man was probably frozen by now.
"You'll marry me?" Steve said, shocked. “Oh, you mean the…” Cap moved his hand off of the Arc reactor, looking at it closely.
“Sure am,” Matt told him, flashing another alarmingly nice smile.
"Now can we knock?"
"Clint, you're feverish."
"C-can you hand me that p-pizza?"
"Come here." There was the sound of a zipper.
Wakanda was quite advanced and dangerous. The secretive kingdom was always a trouble spot on Loki’s map for world domination. Perhaps the handsome king wasn’t a good choice for such a prank.
Shaking his head violently, Hawkeye busied himself with making sure the heads of all of his arrows were on snug, face flushing. He could blame the heat. It was hot and it was making his face flush! That was all!
Trying not to show his concern on his face, Cap started down the beach to Bruce.
“He wasn’t kidding about the ‘gladly’ part,” Tony commented, squinting up at the sky. “It’s so dark out! It’s barely past noon.”
"And I'm the fairy godmother," Wolverine snarled under his breath, which still made the little old lady ten feet away cower into her knitting bag. "That freak took my motorcycle—I'm gonna wring his ugly neck!"
“If there are four beds in each cabin, where is Peter going to sleep? If T’challa, Thor, Pym and Jan are in the other cabin, and Bruce, Clint, you and I are here—where’s Peter going to sleep?”
"You're a smart man. I could waste hours of my time convincing you that I'm betraying the Avengers—but I just don't feel like sitting through all of that right now." He hopped down off of the table, looking at Doom with a smile.
"Remember, Thor is on his way to help, too," Bruce said. He sighed, his shoulders slumping a little. "And if anything goes wrong with that antidote you just drank, I need you right here so that I can fix it."
“I’ll have to talk to Clint about the tequila, too,” Cap sighed, heading in the cabin at a slower pace. Making his way down the small hallway, he turned into their room and paused. “What’re we going to do if Peter’s dating a super villain?”
"I feel for you," Bruce said, and looked like he really meant it. "But you're staying tied up until Hawkeye's back."
"You seem a lot less excited about this than you did a minute ago," he observed. With a small sigh, he added, "I know I'm not Hulk, but you'll get to spend weeks with him once we're back from this vacation. You're not obligated to spend the whole trip with me, either, if you don't want to."
"...Please tell me you're going to kill me now."
Cap chuckled, shaking his head and squeezing Peter’s shoulder.
"Alright, fine. But he stays in the straps until I get back," Hawkeye muttered, heading for the door.
"What are we doing, Clint?" He asked wearily.
While talking (or trying not to), they’d managed to paddle out a long ways from shore. If Tony squinted, he could make out little figures moving along the beach… Until a drizzle began, causing the distant shore to fade into a fog.
"You know, Spangles and the Tin Man."
"Hey, how's it going, Cap? You're starting to sound your age," Tony commented, looking at him dubiously. He still had the Iron Man mask down, so the others couldn't really see his expressions, but he SOUNDED dubious. Despite his words, he reached through the bars and patted Steve's shoulder.
“OH.” Wade gasped, gawking across the fire. “You’re Hawkeye!”
"I kind of sort of came out to Cap last night as bi," Peter explained. "And now you show up the next day all excited to see me, wearing Spider-Man trunks. You can see why he and Tony might get the idea we're dating."
Opening the door flap, Steve leaned out and zipped the window shut. Stepping back inside, he gave Wade a tight smile.
Steve glanced over at him, cringing.
“Nay, my friend, Tony Stark is in excellent health. Pardon, I must return to my duties!” Placing his helmet back on his head, Thor spun Mjolnir and flew off, circling to land on the roof of the mansion.
“What the hell do you want?” Came the short growl from Hawkeye as he came stomping into the situation room, Hulk in tow.
There was a little beeping sound in the background.
The black haired man started to pace again, around the table bed this time.
“But if Peter IS dating a villain, we need to understand WHY before we intervene. Maybe they had a change of heart?”
Watching his back until he was inside the cabin again, Cap turned to Tony and cleared his throat.
"I'm alright, Thor," Steve said, patting the massive man's chest. "Bruce, is Tony still in the basement?"
Tony raised his eyebrows.
“Do you think Hulk really destroyed their camp, Tony?” Steve asked as soon as Peter and Matt disappeared up the trail to their old camp.
Both Tony and Thor stared at it, wide eyed.
"Don't even think about it, sir," the AI said drolly. "I advise you to go to the workshop and replace the Arc reactor."
And that was why the hike was something Peter jumped at the chance for. Forget actual treasure, alone time with Wade was getting tough to come by. The ol’ Parker luck had to intervene, of course, and suddenly the treasure hunt Peter hadn’t expected to go on was one with an Avenger in tow. A really, really crabby one. He glanced back at Clint, taking note of the tired blue eyes and bruises and bandaids here and there. Something told him that camping this weekend hadn’t been the archer’s idea.
“I think maybe a few plans would be a good idea. What did you have in mind?” Cap asked, resting a hand on Peter’s shoulder. He needed to focus. Peter was right, actually taking a vacation was a rarity.
"Yeah, I'm fine," Peter assured him. "I mean, besides you and Tony looking like you're ready to make somebody into a body and bury it on the beach! I know Wade puts his foot in his mouth sometimes, but wow."
Injured Clint slid off of the bed, making his way over to the door.
Oh god, poor Peter. Steve swore to himself that he was going to apologize. Eighteen was an important milestone in anyone’s life and they’d been too caught up in their own lives to acknowledge it.
"Tony!"
"I'm not gonna use the repulsors when I'm not flying," Tony replied, smirking a little despite himself. "Although if you're burnt toast, you can't die of poisoning, right? Bet it'd cure you." He nodded at the door to the medical room and stepped through as Jarvis opened it for him. "I like you better as a blond, though, so we'll figure something out, here."
Doom stepped up to Captain America and took hold of one of his shackles.
Staring at him for a long moment, Cap carefully considered.
"Tony?"
Bruce squeezed his hand tightly in return, the slam abrupt enough to startle him. A flicker of green lit the air near them—Bruce's eyes, glowing in the dark.
"I didn't ask you to 'babysit' me," Bruce pointed out, looking tired again. "I honestly have no say in it, though. Maybe if you complained to Director Fury or Stark, something might change." He shrugged. "I can't be more exciting, if that's what you're trying to get at. I'm really pretty boring for somebody who doesn't like astrophysics and gamma radiation research."
“He’ll fit!” Clint called to Tony, lowering the cooler into the back of the car with a chuckle. Then he stopped dead. “What the…”
"I heard that popping sound," Bruce informed him, unconvinced. He didn't seem to be freaking out. Maybe the green eyes were from getting his heart rate up swimming? That, or he was freaked out and playing it cool. Bruce hovered his hands near Clint's face, adding, "Let me see."
Steve smiled back, admiring how curly Tony’s hair got when he didn’t gel it. Running his fingers through it, he sighed.
“Catch her!” The purple Avenger yelled, jumping to his feet—and further away from the Hulk as he dove out after the Enchantress.
"I wonder about Tony sometimes too. But I think he's just...him." He pulled out a pair of black slacks and offered them to Bruce.
“He doesn’t look young enough for high school,” Tony remarked with absolutely no regard for whether Matt thought that was rude or not. To Matt, he added, “Peter seems to be pals with a lot of people who aren’t teenagers like he is.”
With a hiss, the door to the room slid open and Ms. Marvel came in. She spotted the phone in Thor's hand and raised an eyebrow.
Instead of starting a rant or anything, the demigod slouched in his seat, propping his feet up on the empty chair next door. “…It'd be nice if our hearts listened to our heads sometimes.”
Loki had dreamed of having all of Midgard’s attention on him and he had to wonder what would happen if he ever really kissed ANY of the Avengers publicly. Would the world be fascinated or repulsed? Either way, the internet would surely explode with articles about him. The world knew him to be a villain. His name was well-known, and while his past plans hadn’t worked out, the world still feared him.
"I'm lucky you're around to patch me up."
"I don't know, because the sign says "steak"?" Peter looked down at him as he crawled along. A little distance between them was nice...he felt like his cheeky self again already.
"Exactly how much charge do you have left in there?" Pepper sounded unimpressed with the "plan".
"The security footage shows him leaving the building with Dr. Banner," Jarvis informed them.
Running fingers through his hair, Steve sat back to look at him, tears outright rolling down his face.
The archer deflated.
"Dude, I won't fall!" And with that, he dropped right off of Peter. "Waaah!"
"I kissed you too, but you told me not to!" Clint followed him. He took a breath. "Okay. Calm down." Bruce wasn't sure if Clint was actually talking to him, or to himself. The blond continued more softly, "You told me that you couldn't have that kind of relationship. I respected that. But clone or robot—or whatever, I really like you, Bruce." The archer groaned, rubbing his forehead. "I just...don't know what to do about it."
"Um, yes—yes, I hope she's alright." Steve plunked Tony onto a table. "I think I'll go find her, actually." Making a 180 on the spot, he headed out the door.
“Cap and Tony were gonna go swimming!” He realized aloud, aghast. Steve could probably punch a monster away from him, but what if it ate Tony? They had to get back and warn the others! Thank god Wade knew a shortcut.
"Nope. None of that heroic stuff, Cap," Clint told him, pacing the cell.
The captain clearly debated refusing, but he gave in and came back into the room.
"Sit," Doom said, practically pushing him into one of the chairs. He promptly turned in a swoosh of green cloak and headed back the way they had come.
"Are you okay?" Pepper started to stand, moving along the wall toward him. "Here...sit down a minute."
Peter sighed and flopped onto the roof on his back, looking up at the pre-dawn sky. There were tiny clouds up there, and twinkling stars very far away. Skyscrapers were high enough to actually see stars, even in the city.
"Probably not a good idea to send everybody else out in kayaks in this weather anyway," Tony said, frowning down into the water just off the sand bar. No sign of the shark now. "It blew in so fast, maybe if we wait a few minutes it'll blow right by us. Or hey, maybe Thor'll notice and fix us up with some nice weather."
"Yeah...thank you for looking for me. I was just going to sit down under some tree somewhere."
“Welcome, Tony. Sleep tight.” Cap smiled back at him, crossing the room to turn off one of the hanging boat-themed lamps, dropping Tony’s half of the room into warm darkness.
Thoroughly weirded out, Peter decided the best thing to do was to finish the hot dog in utter silence and avoid looking at Deadpool entirely.
"Yeah!" Hawkeye gave the big green man a thumbs up. "Over and over again. And I'll shoot stuff with bombs too," he added cheerfully, stretching a hand out to pat the Hulk's stomach gently.
"With what?" Clint groaned. "This place is sealed like a MRE!"
Cap seemed to do a lot of cooking on vacation.
Swallowing barely chewed pancake, he washed it down with a swig of coffee as he stepped up beside Bruce.
The Jotun sat shell shocked for a second, face turning red. As soon as his senses returned, he struggled in an attempt to escape his rescuer's large arms, unable to speak yet.
"Good enough for me."
Plunking down in the chair next to Tony’s, Steve shook his head. Aside from missing his glasses and cane, Matt seemed to be in a very bad mood. Hopefully he didn’t blame the Hulk’s rampage on poor Peter.
"I-I don't actually talk to him that much. I'm usually pretty busy."
"That…does seem REALLY unlikely." Carol turned and pointed to the computer screen. "This kind of thing has happened before and we didn't know that the others were Skrulls until it was almost too late."
It was hard to believe anybody could mistake that kind of volume for a computer. The black-haired man looked up finally and blinked like he wasn't sure Thor was real or not. Judging by the bags under his eyes, hallucinating from lack of sleep wasn't THAT out-there.
"H-he went to the bathroom!" Loki snapped, taking a long step back from Thor. It was odd that he actually felt flustered.
"Better think fast!"
“This close enough?” Clint asked, leaning in to press his lips to Bruce’s. As if on cue, a crackle of electricity flashed through the air above them. Clint pulled away only as the thunder shook the air, flashing the brown haired man a smile. “I just wanna say that this has been awesome. Best vacation I ever took.”
Unfortunately, the redheaded guy got out of his blanket and got up, too.
“Clint and I agree that we need to somehow cut them off from the team and make them spend some time together alone," Bruce said seriously. "We're not sure where yet, but maybe you could help get them there."
“You know how summer flings are. There’s only a few days left before we have to go our separate ways. Why not enjoy ourselves while we can?”
After the encounter with Loki, Steve, Tony and Thor had gone back to the tents. The Asgardian had volunteered to go back down and check the woods near the lake in case he could locate Bruce, so it was just Steve and Tony in the camp at the moment. Rain thumped loudly down onto the tents, but since they’d already been wet from the lake swim, nobody had bothered to take cover yet.
Hawkeye seemed relieved that Steve had relaxed and took a seat again.
Clint rolled back over and looked at him dubiously.
"I'm fine," he mumbled in a Hawkeye-ish way, propping himself up against the couch arm. Moving made him woozy. Keeping this magic up was becoming more irritating by the minute.
"Welcome back."
“Can you send us a copy?”
Just then, Clint and the Hulk arrived. For some reason the big green Avenger looked grumpier than usual—maybe he was still thinking about Amora.
The demi-god casually got up from his table, dropped his empty cup into a trash bin, and made his way in the direction of the Avengers mansion. On a dull day like this, someone must be home.
It had been like this for the entire three hours. Peter was starting to get a headache. He was also getting hungry, especially since Wade kept talking about tacos, but eating trail mix by hand seemed unwise when every inch of the cave and of them was soaking wet.
“You’re blind?” Lola asked, staring. “Wow. I honestly hadn’t noticed…”
Both the others looked at him. Hawkeye seemed to be debating if he should say something or not, while Loki was just smirking to himself.
"It really is an unbelievable sight," Peter agreed. He turned and handed the frisbee to Tony. "Here, uh, go throw that at Wade, let me talk to Cap for a sec."
Tony dried off his hair with the corner of his blanket, leaning to see. He frowned immediately.
Captain America went over to Pepper and pulled her blanket up onto her shoulders.
Realizing he’d been sitting there spacing out and thinking nervously about coffee for who knew how long, Peter decided to lay off drinking any more caffeine for a bit. Hopefully Matt was off chasing Wade down and getting his cane back instead of watching this slow-motion train wreck of a pleasant conversation.
Across the room, Clint had started poking at the computer. It was displaying a wide range of different files, folders and images of virus cells. He browsed slowly, not really seeming like he understood what he was seeing.
Trying to figure out Peter’s would-be boyfriend troubles had been the first time they had agreed on something in a long time.
"Tell him I'm blowing up his house." Without further comment, he got up and sauntered off down the train.
“I hear that,” he told Loki, turning to him and doing his best to relax and smile. “I mean, for me it’s back to the newspaper and getting yelled at by my boss, but still.”
“We have half the team here. If Peter’s hurt, we’ll find him. You have my word.”
“I don’t think that proves anything.”
"A new one? Where's my old one?" The mutant rumbled furiously.
Bonfire, tequila, Tony. Hugging Cap? Had that happened? The memories after giving the captain a hug were really blurry. Clint could recall stars and the feeling of his head spinning.
"...Did he take you hostage or something?"
Letting go of Tony’s hand, Cap grabbed the nose of boat and started to drag it to the water. It was then that he noticed sand in the bottom.
As usual, with some problem to focus on besides their own, he and Steve could talk just fine. It was only when they tried to be direct with each other that things seemed to inevitably derail. If it wasn't Wade or Matt interrupting them, it was a damned shark. It really did feel like an earnest conversation with the big blond was impossible at this point.
Peter realized in bemusement that he probably knew way more about Thor's dating life than Cap ever did since he'd seen Thor and Jane out on dates. Weird thought.
And Peter, but Cap wasn’t sure he was ready for that yet.
“…Really hope the case doesn’t go into next week,” the kid was saying, brushing his hair back from his face with his free hand. He didn’t seem tired from all of this hiking in the slightest—like climbing up the hill was an absent afterthought. “I’m looking forward to having you to myself for a few days.” Wait, who was he talking to about days of alone time? Clint was painfully aware that Peter’s loudmouth boyfriend was right here with them.
"Any input is welcome," Steve told him honestly.
Tony heard footsteps behind him as Loki slid off of the bed. He leaned on his brother's shoulder as he passed by to Tony's side.
Hawkeye came over and looked more critically at the article, frowning and rubbing his neck. He gestured down to it slowly.
"They're green again, aren't they. I-I'm not angry, they also do this when I'm...hurt." He combed his fingers through his hair a bit shakily.
"Hey, hey—how am I creeping you out? You're the five foot-something spider!" Wade crossed his arms.
Loki tried to beat a hasty retreat for the mansion door. He nearly made it to the door before Thor landed right in front of him.
Peter glanced, saw them approaching, and waved for Wade to follow him, trudging over to meet them both.
A week without technology was leaving him too much time to think.
"Who, Thor?" Peter glanced at the demigod, who was back to tossing the frisbee back and forth with Jan and Hank again. He turned back to Lola and shook his head, smiling. "Nah, I meant somebody else. Two somebodies, actually. Vacation is supposed to be fun, but they're being sort of mopey." He glanced at her bag. "Maybe I should tell them to relax and read a book. Hmm."
"But Spider-Man is an ally of ours! He is no villain—this man lies!" Thor was equally deafening, and was about ready to go flying out the window to set Jameson right. It was a good thing nobody had mentioned to the Asgardian that they knew where Jameson worked.
Joke or not, Clint smiled.
Wade wrapped one arm around Peter's neck.
Swigging down a glass of raw eggs was Steve’s normal breakfast, but since they were on vacation, he figured the others might want something a little sweeter. Humming quietly since he had the living room all to himself, he scooped the batter up with a half cup measure and poured it into the waffle iron.
"Yeah, Thor," Peter said. Wasn't that part obvious? He glanced at Tony, who was looking bothered by the look on Peter's face, and added to both of them, "I-I didn't mind you saying you were my parents, I just realized that really is what we're doin' with the sandcastle--family time. I wanted to take a picture and everything. Is that dumb?"
“You got a stash? Me too! Mine is full of guns and money!” Wade said happily, scurrying after Tony.
"C-Clint. Is he o-okay?"
Without hesitation, Captain America was across the room and tearing Tony's shirt open wider to try to unplug the wires. He had practically fallen in front of his friend and didn't look too great, himself.
"The formula I made is as close to the sample you gave me as I can make," Bruce replied dully, rubbing at one of his eyes. He sighed. "It doesn't seem to be working, either."
“I hadn’t even thought about that,” Cap mumbled, taking Tony very seriously. “We have to find out who this boyfriend is. Spider-Man is part of the team, so we’re just checking in on him like anyone else.” Even as Steve explained it, he didn’t sound convinced.
Coughing a bit, Tony headed over, snagging Bruce by the arm.
“I honestly don’t know. I hate to say it, but out of all of the Avengers, I know the most about Tony. Thor usually keeps his private life to himself.”
He raised the phone to his ear again.
“Of course! I shall go quell the fury, or placate it a little at the least,” Thor declared, turning to Lola with a big smile. “I will return momentarily, my love.” He didn’t seem bothered in the least about Lola paying any attention to Matt. Peter figured if he was a demigod who looked like Thor did, his confidence would be pretty unshakable too.
"We need to get all three of you in one place—then we can figure out why there are two extras."
Tony snorted.
Smirking as he picked out a lime green pair of swim trunks, bright yellow flip flops and a flower print tank top in blinding magenta, Hawkeye hurried back to the hall--
“He smashed our camp. Duh.”
“With all of the shield-throwing, I can’t see you being bad at it.”
As he was dragged along, Wade snagged the book from the water.
"Sand bar," he told Steve shortly, and started to paddle again.
"Hey, where are we going?" Peter asked curiously, reminding Cap he was still leading the kid along by the arm. "If you don't need me, maybe I better help Hawkeye make breakfast. Looks like he's about to throw the whole pack of bacon in that pan at once!"
"Oww! What the hell, Tony?" T-shirt Clint gritted his teeth. "I thought you said you wouldn't shove it through my arm!"
“If Tony wanted a relationship with me, he would have let me know by now. He’s not the type to take his time or beat around the bush. And don’t think I won’t ask Wade about his job later,” he added rather ominously, taking another meat patty off the grill. “You have a job and support yourself, so it’s only fair that he does as well.”
Deadpool stared at him for a long moment.
"It missed anything vital, but it's still going to hurt." Bruce was trying to be reassuring, but he wasn't that good at it. He placed a hand against Loki's side to hold near the wound, then pulled the arrow out as quickly as possible without causing more damage.
“You have my word, Banner is not concerned so much as weary,” Thor said, shrugging.
Peter sent the frisbee flying at Wade pretty much instantly.
Before he knew it, they were outside. It was dark, but the street lights made the mansion garden light enough not to stumble into things.
"Nice try, Jarvis—stop making voices and help me balance out the weight ratios on this thing before Steve gets back." Tony was looking like some kind of mad, oil-smeared scientist—as usual when he disappeared to his lab. This time he was working on some little gadget, sitting on the floor with it on his lap and messing with some buttons on the top. He didn't even look up when Thor entered the room.
"Hey, Cap—this is Clint. I know you probably still don't know how to answer this thing, but you always take it to Tony when it rings, so I just wanted to let you know that me and Bruce are out grabbing breakfast—don't freak out, we'll be back by like seven."
“Healing factor, huh. You don’t look like Wolverine to me,” he said pointedly.
Across the yard, the mansion door appeared to open and out stepped Stark in a nice black suit.
"Well, this is the medical room—" The purple clad man jabbed his twin back, near his injured side. "—oh hey, you need medical attention." With that, he headed out the door.
“Yeah, lying’s never been my strong suit,” he said, swishing the last of the coffee in the cup. “Nobody else gets it, either. All I can tell you is that Wade looks different when you’re looking at him with love.”
"Woah, hey. I'm me." Clint jerked a thumb at his chest. "This wasn't my—" He cut himself off, frowning. "Okay, it was my fault—but it's not like I did it on purpose!"
"We're JUST getting food, though," Peter warned. "No messing with the people selling the hot dogs, no scaring the civilians, got it?"
"Good call, I missed that step."
"Did I?"
Then it was quiet again. A gentle breeze rustled through the trees, which were beginning to cast long shadows across the camp as it got closer to evening.
Peter looked at Logan now.
Peering out across the lake, Steve raised an eyebrow.
Wow, Steve, Tony thought. Always the ‘heart of gold’ variety, totally earnest and concerned even to a pain in the ass like him. It was kind of endearing, in a way. Steve was looking at him with such worry in his blue eyes that it would be mean not to say SOMETHING in response, but Tony couldn't decide what.
Bruce looked at the other Clint worriedly as they all started after Tony.
Peter rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. Did he really have to say it?
Tony watched him dubiously. Bruce was smart, but this wasn't how Doom made the original cure. Maybe it had to be swallowed for a reason.
Bruce quickly got to his feet, looking uncomfortable in his borrowed neon swim trunks and yellow flip flops, and started off down the beach toward the water, watching to see if Cap followed him.
If there was ever a bad omen, it was a storm coming out of nowhere.
"Yeah. I had to come up with something new." Hawkeye shrugged a shoulder, poking the needle against his double's shoulder. It bent.
Deadpool was on guard, glancing around at the dark doorways. "So, are they home or not?"
