After several weeks had passed, one might say that Sherlock's life had taken on a certain routine character.
"All right, all right," Mike hastily capitulated. "Three. Three hours. Do you hear me?"
"Mycroft? Are you still there or did you finally have that stroke?" Sherlock asked cheerfully.
"Am I that important to him?" he whispered softly into the night, only to shake his head immediately. "Not important enough... obviously. Otherwise he would have..." He fell silent, not wanting to complete the sentence. "Perhaps that's simply the kind of lover he is... perhaps he always puts his partner first. Maybe that's how he is with everyone," he murmured dully, torturing himself with the thought of John's previous lovers.
Sherlock's startled gasp turned into a soft moan as the sensation of pain in his breast spread through his body, turning into throbbing arousal between his legs.
Mycroft opened the square box and took out two foil packets. One obviously contained a condom, and the other was filled with a small amount of lubricant gel. Mycroft squeezed the gel packet, assessing the contents. There wasn't much.
John didn't wait for an answer, and Sherlock wasn't sure whether he should be happy about that or not.
. You do know what a
"Not this time," John said cheerfully, kissing him lightly on the forehead. "Now that I think about it... I think I'll put you over my knee either way."
"What?" Sherlock asked, his voice raw. "What can I do?"
His clothing was torn and his body exposed, and Sherlock knew John didn't mean him.
"I miss you," John said before he could think about it, holding his breath as soon as he realised what he'd just said. If Sherlock laughed... then... he'd have to kill him. No two ways about it. No one laughed at John Watson and got away with it. Although... did he really have it in him to shoot Sherlock? Probably not. Strange... he hadn't had a problem doing it to Sherlock's predecessor.
"Guess there wasn't any lube left in there," John said, without emotion. "Tough. So it hurt a little. You like that kind of thing anyway."
orgasmed.
Sherlock immediately pressed his body into the soft leather and sighed involuntarily when his hot, hard cock touched the cool upholstery, stuttered and caught against it and then, thanks to the copious amounts of pre-come lubricating his glans, slid upwards with only the slightest pressure until his throbbing member was trapped between the backrest and his own body.
Sherlock was in heaven.
"That... that's it?" he heard John ask. Sherlock looked up, feeling just as surprised as John sounded.
The words echoed in Sherlock's head:
"I'm afraid I don't understand..." John pressed, slightly unsettled. Dammit! He couldn't let this conversation get away from him, yet that seemed to be exactly what was happening. What the hell was the bastard talking about?
John recognised the words as the same ones he'd spoken so long ago, at their first meeting. They touched him in a peculiar way, a way he couldn't quite categorise.
"No, John," came the impassive reply. "I said that's not important. But you can fuck my throat quite deep in this position. It's the best way."
Concurrently to all that, Sherlock fetched his few worldly possessions from the green room and stuffed them haphazardly into John's bedroom, which was starting to lose its sterile, impersonal hotel-room character and look more like a stylish Bohemian flat (with a slight tendency to messiness). At least Sherlock managed - in his opinion - to find a space for everything. The only problem was finding somewhere to store his greatest treasure, his most prized possession: where should he put John's handkerchief? The handkerchief he'd given to Sherlock so many months ago to dry his bitter tears, and which Sherlock had simply kept... the handkerchief which had comforted him on those first few nights in the big, strange house... the handkerchief he'd hidden so carefully under the mattress of the bed in the green room, only taking it out from time to time when he felt particularly lonely.
Translation by the absolute magnificient SwissMiss
"No... all we found was an envelope with the initials J and M on it, like a return address, and a telephone number... when we called, there was a recording... the name '
. You're just as fascinated by me as I am by you," Sherlock explained, once again with that unapologetic frankness and an expectant – and strangely trusting – look.
"No reception," he muttered in annoyance.
it to Susan, and I also know you couldn't help it... Susan probably squeezed it out of you. I know her and I know how she is when she smells a secret. Susan called and read me the riot act, and it was a long one." John took Sherlock's hand and held it fast. "I trust you, Sherlock. I've always trusted you. Yes, I know... that's not entirely true... but it feels like it now, so... just let me finish this thought... this isn't exactly... all of this isn't easy for me. All right?" Sherlock nodded silently. "All right. So I... of course I trust you and you haven't done anything wrong, Sherlock. You've... always done everything exactly right. It wasn't your fault that I didn't tell you. I'm... I was embarrassed. That's why I didn't want you to know. I didn't want you to think... I... that there was... that I wasn't..."
"All right," Sherlock answered, a terrible suspicion growing.
... but there was no way John was nurturing any romantic feelings for him whatsoever, because otherwise he would have told him about this therapy... wouldn't he? Why should a man like John ever fall in love with someone like
"Lick it clean," he commanded softly, and with a moan of pleasure, Sherlock obliged.
"Because you're an idiot," Sherlock declared dryly. "Father thought you worthy of..."
“Too late,” Mike replied dryly.
." Sherlock all but spit the word at him, but he still had that strange, empty look in his eyes. "Apparently I was wrong."
"Yes, the glasses," John repeated, starting to get impatient. "What did you want to play with me that one time?
"Yes, John," Sherlock said in a rare moment of obedience.
No answer.
..." John mused.
"How and where do you want to have me?" he asked with a very self-satisfied smirk.
When Sherlock's mouth released his erection, leaving just his tongue dancing around the head, John sent him a questioning look, which was promptly returned. At the same time, John saw Sherlock rubbing the bulge in his own trousers with his free hand. John licked his lips and answered Sherlock's unspoken question with a silent nod.
Mike highlighted a couple of lines in the document he was working on, slid it into a clear sheet protector, and laid it aside.
"But not here. Not with John!" Sherlock countered indignantly.
No, he had to be one hundred percent certain before he went to John with his suspicions.
“Don't just stand there!” John snapped at him. “Get over here, open your mouth wide, and say 'Aaaaaa'...”
for a son... and his mother, who had stood silently by and let it happen ... his mother, who hadn't raised him to be a rapist...
"No." John waved him off. "I'll have room service bring something up. Later though. I need to make a call first."
"You heard right, Lestrade," John declared with casual cheer. "A butt plug. Gold-plated. With my initials. If you'd be so kind as to fish it out for me? It went down right there." He pointed at the spot. "Don't worry, it's not very deep. I'd get it myself, but as you can see... I'm needed as a cushion," he concluded with a broad grin.
"Yeah... I want... I want a walk-in closet, with your dressing gowns hanging next to my suits," John admitted. "A big bedroom... with two nightstands and two lamps and a glass display case for your fid-- for your violin." John took a deep breath. "I want us to be... together."
“Okay,” Dave said, curious, even though his stiff shoulders betrayed the fact that he was on his guard. “Naresh is in the house. I’ll call him. Maybe we should go in?” he suggested, glancing at Sherlock’s bare feet.
Higgins nodded slowly, and the other man copied him (following a barely noticeable hesitation).
"Precisely," Mycroft agreed, inclining his head slightly.
"Go ahead and take your time. I want you to shove it in nice and slow. As slow as you can. You'll be sorry if you rush it. If I think you're going too fast, I'll pull out, get up and leave. No looking back. Understood?" John asked sharply.
John wasn't exactly sure why... but he didn't want to face Sherlock yet, didn't want Sherlock to see him like this, didn't want to tell him everything right now, didn't want to have to look him in the eye and see concern or pity or... John shook his head. He shouldn't lie to himself. The only thing he was afraid of was seeing no emotion at all in Sherlock's face after telling him what had happened.
Sherlock didn't deign to reply. Instead, he continued licking the tip of John's penis. Finally. The first clear drops... they were immediately lapped up, with pleasure, by Sherlock's busy tongue.
"If you didn't like it, I would have gone without," John heard his 25-year-old self answer. Yes, he had wanted to bring it up with Victor, at least to try it, even though he'd already suspected - feared? - that Victor probably wouldn't be too enthusiastic. He'd thought long and hard about it back then, and decided that Victor was more important to him than anything else. He'd honestly planned to forego his sexual preferences for Victor's sake.
"Sherlock?" Mike asked cautiously.
“Then nothing,” John explained cheerfully. “You can let go of the ropes any time if it gets too much.”
And right at that moment, John realised that he was going to return to Sherlock again ... and again, and again...
"Do you want to hear it?" John retorted.
"Leicester was
"Oh God, John," he blurted out. "Just one puff! Just one! I'm begging you!" He graced John with his patented '
As soon as he closed the door to his house behind him, John took off his coat and laid it across the upholstered chair beside the door, just like he always did. Someone would take care of putting it in the closet where it belonged. What did he have house staff for, after all? Well schooled and expensive staff. Staff who didn't stand around and get in his way, and only came out when they were summoned.
Then he left.
"Mr Watson," Moran exclaimed with a good show of affronted innocence. "What's all this about? I don't understand..."
"To you?"
His legs were forced apart and John plunged into him without any preparation, and Sherlock knew John didn't mean him.
"I said I'll be right back," John repeated with tempered sternness and left the bedroom.
What was he supposed to do now?
"You mean you don't have a cache of lubricant here?" Sherlock asked in a vain attempt to sound arrogant. "Rather neglectful... but a little spit will be sufficient," he murmured in John's ear. "And if it hurts a bit... even better..."
, however," she remarked with a glance at the window, where the day's deep blue autumn sky had already turned black several hours earlier. "I don't believe you have an appointment."
"You have my number from Doc Watson - I hadn't thought this episode would go on so long after all."
"He'll be asleep by now anyway," Mike countered stubbornly.
John sighed and rolled his eyes. The impossible wanker was going to give him grey hairs yet. That was for sure.
The bench Sherlock was lying stomach-down on was a special, made-to-order piece, padded with soft leather. It was adjustable to different heights, meaning that even with his long legs, Sherlock was able to find a relatively comfortable position and maintain it for quite a while without getting cramps. It also meant that there were several brackets in the legs of the bench, to which carabiners were affixed. The carabiners were in turn attached to leather cuffs, which held Sherlock's wrists and ankles, keeping him in a stretched and helpless position.
"The cigar band isn't really enough to contain you, is it?" he finally asked. Sherlock shook his head vehemently. "I don't know..." John mused out loud. "I'm not sure whether you've really learned your lesson... but we'll see." He held the cigar over Sherlock's hard shaft and knocked the ashes off. The cone of ash fell directly onto the hot, taut skin. Sherlock let out an inarticulate sound and his whole body shook. The cylinder of ash still remained intact in one piece, even appearing to stick a little to the sweaty, slick skin before eventually rolling off and falling to the floor.
Sherlock met her eyes sheepishly, looking like guilt personified. "Whatever makes you think I might have done something? I would simply like to know whether I'm... healthy."
When Sherlock returned his gaze silently and full of doubt, John closed the small distance between them and kissed him gently on his soft, plush lips. He felt Sherlock's sigh more than he heard it, and pulled back from him a bit.
Greg knew his mouth was hanging open, but he couldn't help it. Did the mayor really just...
Victor paled, and John realised he'd hit the nail on the head. Strangely, that only served to make him more furious.
"Sounds like you're pretty smitten." Mike grinned knowingly.
"Do tell!" Irene insisted, leaning eagerly forward.
" peeped shrilly out of the phone of a waitress-stroke-model named Kitty, who didn't think herself above blowing a fellow for a twenty. When money was too tight to pay the rent, you really couldn't afford to be choosy.
Sherlock's glassy gaze turned to him, and his lips parted to form a single regretful word: "Already?" All that was missing was the pout.
"What are you trying to say?" John retorted, irritated.
' had an incredibly stimulating effect on him. He knew how much Sherlock hated asking for something. If he resorted to begging of his own free will, without being prompted, he must be in a very bad way. John's pulse rate went up another notch.
Once they got to the bedroom, John didn't waste any time pressing a hungry kiss onto Sherlock's mouth, which opened in surprise. It was more a bite than a kiss, and John grabbed him roughly at the nape of his neck, shimmied him backwards against the bed and shoved him so that he fell supine onto the mattress.
Spicy. Fruity. Mineral... volcanic soil? Yes.
Sherlock lay there as peacefully as if he were already dozing. But he couldn't be. He'd just been calling out for '
They freeze, hands dipped halfway into each other’s pants, caught in a decidedly awkward situation.
Sherlock drove on, replaying the day, indecision and doubt swirling in his head.
Ignoring the explosion of applause, John locked eyes with Sherlock, wanting to punch him right in his pretty face, wrestle him to the ground, pin his sinewy, writhing body to the ground, overpowering him -- he stopped, the image pumping more unneeded adrenaline into his already stressed system.
Sherlock drew his arm back. “Funny how criminology attracts types like us.”
He gazes at the curve of Sherlock’s back, the signals between them unclear, as unfocused as the lights dappling Sherlock’s skin. John lifts his fingers away.
The touch was electric, humming with the vitality of Sherlock's body. John swore he could feel the blood coursing under the skin, the flight of lightning fast cells and synapses. He opened his palm, sliding it down the sweep of Sherlock's neck, his thumb tracing a partial arc of collar bone, across sinews, his fingertips disappearing beneath the edge of blue silk.
“I should charge
John barely heard Sherlock call out his name before his ears roared with the white noise of an impending orgasm, the rush of blood, balls tightening, throat gasping, cock pulsing, drowning under waves of pleasure.
"See," John said to Mike. "He doesn't want to be paid. Why should he be?"
"So..." John took a deep, relaxed breath. "Shall we begin?" he asked – still careful to remain polite.
"Bloody hell!" John swore fervently as soon as he realised Sherlock had seen right through him, curling his hands into fists. He looked up at Sherlock with a combination of respect and pride.
“I'm curious, Sherlock... can you even take a proper piss with this thing? Considering the size – or better – the
"Your... accountant? He's actually your accountant?" Mycroft exclaimed in surprise. He'd lost any control over his composure for the moment.
“Erm... yeah,” Dave stammered, bewildered.
Holmes inclined his head slightly. "I think your...
But with John ... with John,
Sherlock nodded fervently. "Who knows... it might be... too hard for me..." he suggested. "I might pleasure myself anyway... you'd never know."
"What are you up to, Sherlock?" Mycroft asked. Sherlock could virtually hear the creases in his brow. "Are you looking for your next...
"That was fantastic," John marvelled, shaking his head. "I should be used to it by now, and yet... tell me later what gave me away, yeah?"
Aside from her own flat on the top floor, the rooms where
“That’s not exactly a sterling endorsement, Sherlock.” John said sarcastically. “I was only worried you’ll grow bored with me. But now I have to worry about ‘
Sherlock listened silently to her tirade, and although he hadn't said anything the whole time, he became even more quiet now.
"Get well, Sherlock," Mycroft said and ended the call.
"Sherlock... you need to see a real doctor."
Mycroft getting nice and cosy in his office... more flashbacks... and a reunion with one Gregory Lestrade!
"That's the way, Mr Sigerson," Mrs Turner said smugly. "And as long as Mr Watson isn't here, you'd best take all of your meals here in the kitchen so I can be sure you're actually eating them."
John's lips curled. "Your affinity for the truth always pops up at such inopportune moments. Didn't anyone ever tell you that kind of honesty is highly inappropriate in your profession?"
A gentle whistle of air sounded, and when John tilted his head to the side to see Sherlock's face, he realised that he'd fallen asleep. The question was: when? How much had he heard?
"It'll all work out," Mike declared optimistically. "You'll get the thing with Moran signed off on tomorrow and then you can all figure out how to get Donovan under control."
At first, John kept Sherlock company on the couch - where Sherlock had settled with a rare display of judiciousness. But when Mike joined them a bit later in the day, John took his seat behind the desk, leaving one of the leather armchairs for Mike. It felt strange to sit in his usual spot... at least as long as Sherlock was in the same room. It was crazy how quickly and easily he'd become used to relinquishing his usual seat to Sherlock, and how fast the chair had become Sherlock's place.
As far as he could recall, the names agreed with the list of assigned workers.
Had it been any other, normal man, Greg would have known whether their banter could be termed flirting or not. But where Mycroft Holmes was concerned, the term '
"Okay, that's enough," John said roughly and pulled his fingers out of Sherlock's arse as carefully as he could. "That was totally..." One final shudder ran through the slender body, and then John felt a kiss on the palm of his hand. He fell silent, unable to finish the sentence he'd started. He took his hand away from Sherlock's face, feeling both surprised and a bit off-balance, and listened to the heavy breathing which slowly began to normalise. "That was completely..." he tried again, but he could not for the life of him think of an adequate description or appropriate adjective for what had just happened. In the end he simply cleared his throat. "If you'd rather..."
That small lightning bolt was enough to jolt him into making a decision.
Sherlock, whose eyes widened in surprise and whose features were strangely distorted by the rubber ball gag.
Of course.
"You always exaggerate so," Sherlock broke in, completely unimpressed and with barely disguised ennui. "It's fifty-seven times now, including this one. Hardly a hundred."
There was silence for a moment on the other end of the line. And then Mike dove into a rapid, wordy explanation.
No idea if they were as popular in the English-speaking world as they were in Germany... but here are a few examples anyway:
Incomprehensible sounds came from Sherlock's mouth, and he tugged at his bonds as John came closer, stopping behind his spread legs.
At least the pain in Sherlock's leg allowed him to think clearly. His panic receded, and the room stopped spinning.
"Wonderful … open the hangar, here comes the aeroplane," Sherlock said sarcastically.
"Gladly." John could afford to be generous. He'd got what he wanted, and he'd maintained the upper hand throughout the conversation.
John looked him over silently, then examined the cigar thoughtfully. There was already another sizeable cylinder of ash on the end.
Sherlock came out from behind the desk but didn't hold out his hand to Irene. Instead, he tilted his head to one side.
, I know!" His eyes were both icy and irascible. "I've tried that. Twice."
"Clever boy," John praised him, his eyes flashing briefly. His gaze had followed Sherlock's, so he knew that Sherlock had seen the telephone and understood its significance. "I'll show you your room then."
“What... you don't have...” Now it was John's turn to put on a baffled face.
Something moved under the hospital sheets. Doris quickly returned her attention to her friend, who sighed softly and fluttered her eyes open.
“No,” John said firmly. “No – Sherlock … no matter what's out there … no matter what you're afraid of, no matter who's threatening you... don't you think
Sherlock struggled with the sense of powerlessness that arose in him at the memory... how pitiful he'd felt on that day... how worthless... how repulsive...
"I once had a teacher with astonishingly poor taste..." Sherlock was about to drop off to sleep when John's voice brought him back.
Sherlock stared up at John's face in disbelief, then kowtowed with a quiet sigh when he recognised a very familiar adamance despite the heat in the blue eyes. Obediently, he stuck his tongue out again and let it slide over the silky skin. Over and over again, he teased small patches of John's glans with the point of his tongue before circling the entire head once with his tongue in a single, wet motion. Just as Sherlock was about to focus on the tiny opening in order to perhaps get a small appetiser... John withdrew his erection as quickly as he had the cigar a short time ago. Sherlock was left with nothing but the satisfaction of hearing John's heavy breathing, which sounded as if he'd just finished running the London marathon.
Sherlock thought to himself, stunned.
"Then I'll use my hand," Sherlock suggested stubbornly.
?” Sherlock continued guilelessly. He'd wanted to ask John the question for a while now, but the time had never felt right. Sherlock was so curious, though! The thought that John held the power of life and death in his hands caused a peculiar tingly feeling in his abdomen.
"Slept in there?" John completed the question, then shook his head. "Not one single night." With those words, John reached out his arm, pushed down the door handle, and opened the door with a powerful thrust, allowing them to see into the room beyond.
not allow himself any weaknesses.
"What... what are you going to do?" Thomas asked with unusual hesitance.
"Bayswater Road," John hissed, irritated, and stopped prowling around in front of his desk. "There's trouble down that way. Again!"
John chewed on the inside of his cheek. He and Mike had nearly come to blows over precisely that issue.
Lestrade stared at him dumbly. Then he wrenched his head to the side, unsettled, and went over to the chair where his coat was. He chewed on his lower lip and glared at the coat, then turned on his heel to face Mycroft again.
John shook his head. "You don't even know what for!"
When John sat down on the couch, Sherlock nestled up against his legs with a small, contented sound. It wasn't desire that surged through John this time - it was another emotion, and it threatened to overpower him.
"Is that all?" John remarked in a suggestive tone.
Moriarty, who had emerged from one of those pillared passages as if materialising out of nowhere, now stood on top of one of the low walls.
"And what would possibly have gone differently?" Mike asked in a bored tone of voice without looking up. They'd had the same conversation once too many times since yesterday.
"I still can't quite fathom how you talked me into that," Mycroft grumbled in a faintly peeved, nasal tone.
"An envelope with your initials... a telephone number... a message on an answering machine... that's all."
plunk-plunk-plunk
The weight of Sherlock's body, the heat pouring off him, the noises coming out of his throat, the sounds he was making, the smell of his sweat, his helplessness... it all came together and made John's hand move faster, his respiration increase, his blood rush hotter through his veins, and the lusty throbbing in his groin become a steady surge... more and more and more..
was so shameless as to..." Jacques blustered.
"Done," Sherlock reported after a while, only to immediately ask in an eager tone: "And now?"
Sherlock couldn't care less about politics, but the entire affair was enormously important to John, so he didn't let it go that easily. Even if he had to ruin the last pleasurable remnants of the afterglow of those spectacular multiple orgasms he'd had with his dogged line of questioning.
"That..." John said slowly, taking another sip of his drink, "… is something I have to talk to you about."
Piccies!
Greg leaned his head back and gazed up at the ceiling in thought. "It should actually, shouldn't it?" He bit his lower lip. "But..." He shook his head. "The ends justify the means... I'm... I'm happy that it... that you took the first step. Even though you're terrible at flirting. Bit rusty, eh?"
"Like what?"
Up to now, John's intelligence on Moran hadn't yielded any hints as to who might be backing him, but John had been aware from the start that this was going to be a long-haul game. The whole thing with Albright's nephew and Charlie had been too clever.
"Sherlock, you earned it. Not just because you were unusually obedient today, but simply because..." John had to pause there, not really knowing how to continue. How was he supposed to express what he felt for this impossible, incredible man, even despite his bitterness over Sherlock's lack of trust in him? How was he supposed to make clear to him that he was worth something? He, himself... not just because of what he did or said... that he didn't need to deliver something to even things out.
Lost in thought, John's gaze wandered over Sherlock's extended arms, his lowered head, his curved spine, his spread legs, his inviting arse. How often had his fingers itched to add purple bruises and red stripes to Sherlock's flawless skin right there? Yet the memories of that awful night still sat deep in his bones. Nevertheless, he wanted it... he needed it... apparently just as much as Sherlock did. Sherlock - who had been braver than him this time and not been ashamed to demand what he required... what he desired. If Sherlock could display that much courage - after everything that had happened between them - then John didn't want to stand in the way.
"Because neither you nor I are going to get any kind of work done that way," John explained, this time with true regret. "And because I really do have some things to take care of here."
“God, yes!” Sherlock shuddered, sniffling. “It's perfect…I’m just…the emotions…you’re not…you’re not hurting me. I’m fine. There’s just…” He shook his head, the explanation he needed entirely failing to formulate. “It’s…good.”
"Where are you then?!"
Truly... a gift from God.
"Greedy as ever..." John said in a register that came suspiciously close to being a contented purr. "How about you?" he asked with a fiendish smile. "Should I milk you again to take the edge off?"
"Still..." he said, hating himself immeasurably for it. What a coward he was!
," John explained. He gestured around at the pastel green wallpaper, the throw pillows in various shades of green, and the coverlet and drapes, which were white with dark green pinstripes. "Kind of obvious why." He paused a moment to moisten his lips with his tongue. "Do you like it?"
of all people worthy of you?"
"Who the hell is that?" John wondered, upset. "Where does this bird come from? I've never even heard a word about her."
It sounded like a justification to Sherlock. Surprised and no less confused, Sherlock perked his ears. Was John's conscience bothering him? Was he going to back down? Anything but that! Sherlock didn't want an apology, he didn't want to be handled with kid gloves! He also didn't want political correctness. He needed someone who showed him his limits, someone who was willing to take him on. Someone who could lay down a merciless hard line, someone who made him suffer and enjoy that suffering. And then... when Sherlock had suffered enough and enjoyed it enough... when he'd taken everything... when he'd given everything... given everything he was capable of and more... then... and only then... he needed two strong arms to catch him and hold him and care for him.
John would - possibly, hopefully - live. But he would lose John.
"All right - Move out," John ordered dully.
"Inspector?" Mycroft was somewhat surprised by the remark - pleasantly surprised - and tried to hide it behind a quirked eyebrow.
Sherlock stared at Mike, wide-eyed, before looking down at John. His gaze was full of scepticism, but also a touch of hope.
John knew what he'd promised Sherlock, but there had simply been too much to do. He hadn't been able to get his head clear. But now it was Saturday, their most urgent business was all taken care of, and Mike could handle the rest himself. John therefore didn't have so much as a twinge of a guilty conscience when he made a point of placing his phone firmly on the table and turning it off.
"As long as that's up again tonight, you can do whatever you want with it while I'm gone." John swallowed and then looked down at himself to tuck away his depleted penis, only to make an unpleasant discovery - it wasn't just Sherlock's pyjamas that had received a portion of his semen; John's suit had unmistakeable spots on it as well. "Oh no! Sodding hell!" he cursed fluently.
"And?" John asked, drawing the word out. "Did I give you permission to do that?"
Blue Cane? Cuvèe Prestige or...
Had he always worried about his past lovers the way he did about Sherlock? John wasn't sure. Somehow it had never really seemed necessary before. That might be in part because he'd never gone as far with any of Sherlock's predecessors as he had with Sherlock. The
Sherlock could do nothing but gape at him with his mouth hanging open in the face of such heresy. In the meantime, John removed several tools from his trouser pocket, laid them out on the side table, and took a seat in the armchair he'd set up.
"Shhh," John said, and Sherlock fell silent. "I don't think it would have quite the same effect a second time... I'd better do something else. Do you think... it would work... if I..." Sherlock watched, his eyes wide, as John's hand came closer and closer to his stiff cock. He hardly dared to breathe. "If I... do this." Two of John's fingers came into contact with Sherlock's sensitive, engorged glans, and a fraction of a second later, his fingernails dug hard and merciless into the tender flesh.
"John... before you say anything... you're planning on doing exactly the same thing to him," Sherlock remarked with mild cynicism. "You haven't said anything about it, but you've been trying to figure out for days how to get one of your people into his household. Am I right or not?"
"That..." John steamed angrily.
Mike had no idea what was going on.
John gaped at him. "You don't honestly think we'd carry on conversations like that on a land line? Where anyone could be listening in? Come on, Mr Holmes..."
"You'll be the first to know when I figure it out," Mike said, his forehead creasing. "I don't think he's as brilliant and clever as he wants people to believe. I'm going to go out on a limb and venture to say he's just a strawman, and that all the ideas and plans for Edinburgh actually come from someone else."
"No?" One of Sherlock's eyebrows wandered upward. "What then?"
John grinned, having noticed the distinct lack of enthusiasm. He placed one hand on the back of Sherlock's neck and pulled him down until his mouth was next to Sherlock's ear.
"But I..." He licked his lips nervously. "I'm still..." He broke off, blinking several times in confusion before continuing: "What should I tell Miss Adler?"
Sherlock immediately took up a defensive position, like a cat that had been stroked against the grain.
"Someone else from the orphanage?" Sergeij pressed him. "I have some names here..."
to try and pay off his debt to Miss Adler. And John would also move on and keep an eye out for another way to pass his time. After all, Sherlock wasn't anything more than a prostitute ... they were a dime a dozen on every street corner. What had Mike said so fittingly?
The scent of tobacco hadn't completely dissipated, and the smell of cold smoke mixed with a hint of leather, soil, and spicy cocoa still hung suspended in the air. Following a spur-of-the-moment impulse, Sherlock went to one of the windows and flung it open wide. The cool, sweet night air gently caressed his bare skin. He stood there in front of the open window, breathing in the pure night air, filling his lungs and enjoying its freshness.
And even if he agreed to the restaurants and everything else, he'd have to say no to those other plans. He didn't have a passport, no identification at all. There was no way he could leave the country. How could he explain that to John? What lie would be plausible? It was simply impossible.
"Oh yes - before I forget … Please don't turn the house upside-down looking for drugs. I don't keep anything like that here on principle." He was almost out the door when he heard something that sounded like the growl of a mad dog behind him. He stopped and turned toward the noise.
"Oh yes..." he gurgled softly.
John's anger flared up instantly at Albright's disapproval. He thrust his chin forward. "My behaviour..." he echoed, his voice tight.
or whatever idiotic thing was going through John's head at the moment.
"Should we give that cream another go?" Sherlock whispered in his deep, velvety soft baritone, and turned his upper body until he could reach the pitcher on the table. Rather than waiting for an answer, he drank a small sip of cream right from the pot. Then he turned back to John and very slowly raised one eyebrow.
"You swallowed again!" Irene yelled accusatorily. "I should have known. You goddamned idiot! Safe sex! Is that too complicated for that genius bird brain of yours? You know perfectly well that all it takes is one tiny accident – a tear, an injury to your gums, any small wound in your mouth is enough to infect you! I've told you a
"That's... even better than I could have planned!" Moriarty crowed, and Moran breathed a sigh of relief. "So Watson trusts you?"
"Sebastian..." Moriarty cut him off, "was supposed to take over your position. I wanted to remain in the background. Make plans... organise crimes... build up an empire. I would have left all the day-to-day details, the tiresome monotony, to Sebastian... the letters... the bills... all that nonsense... that's nothing for a genius like me to waste his time with."
"I..." Mycroft started to say, but then his voice failed and Sherlock couldn't hear anything more than the typical dry clicking sound that accompanied a mouth being opened and closed so quickly that the teeth clacked together. "My schedule is too full to pay attention to normal business hours," he rebuked Sherlock snidely.
The last (real-life) mayoral elections in London were on 1 May 2012. The elections are held every four years. I more or less tried to orient this story by those dates. And I also discovered that there aren't that many cities in the UK where the mayor is elected in a direct election. Stupid little me, I thought it was like in Germany, where every city elects their mayor directly. You're never too old to learn something new - and I hope there won't be any more errors in my story. If you see something, though … please let me know! It wasn't intentional, just ignorance.
"That's what I have you for!" John roared.
An errant bee - presumably attracted by his aftershave - buzzed around him until it realised its error and flew onward. His respiration and heart rate slowly settled down... returned to their normal rhythm. Sherlock continued to lie there on his back for quite some time, watching the procession of the clouds over him. When a blackbird started to sing, he got up and went back into the house. Mrs Turner was just setting a tray on the table where his violin lay when he stepped through the big glass window,
"What should he be..."
"Rarely," Sherlock conceded with a shrug. "John could tell you stories."
(Pic set made be me)
"All right, all right! Enough!" Greg interrupted him loudly. "I think I've got it. You're going to try to blackmail me with what you know, but it won't work. I'll turn in my resignation first thing tomorrow." His face was white, but his voice sounded firm and determined. When he'd finished speaking, he pressed his lips together so hard that only a thin line was left. His eyes were still focused directly at Mycroft. Firm. Determined. Unyielding. Prepared to assume the consequences for his actions and his preferences. The last honest cop, who would rather put an end to his career and his professional life than expose himself to blackmail and not live up to his own moral standards.
Sherlock clung to John's body with a soft whimper, surrendering to the familiar yet entirely new interplay of lips and tongue. Sherlock had thought he knew every one of John's kisses by now. They could be passionate or hard, tender or brutal, hungry or playful... but he'd never kissed Sherlock like this before, and Sherlock immersed himself in this new kind of caress, forgetting everything around him for the moment. There was only John... John was all that was important... his arms around Sherlock, the faint scent of gunpowder and gun oil which never entirely left him... his fingers stroking the back of Sherlock's neck and sliding through his hair... his tongue pushing in between Sherlock's lips, over and over again, licking and luring... his thin mouth moving greedily over Sherlock's... sensual, passionate and infinitely loving... and Sherlock couldn't get enough of it.
There was the grave they'd been looking for.
She grinned. "Not really. I find it rather amusing. Don't you?" She took note of his dark glare and the thunderous way his eyebrows were drawn together and backpedalled a bit by changing the topic. "Well? How long do you plan on playing the hypochondriac?"
Greg nodded and stepped aside to let him in.
"I have something here for you."
What Sherlock hadn't been ready for, however, was the pain of the humiliation and rejection that accompanied the blows, and which he only became aware of now that his entire face seemed to be on fire.
With an exclamation of surprise, Sherlock flung his eyes open and stared into the distance.
Mike took a deep, cleansing breath. "Okay. From the top, once again. Where are you right now?"
who provided me with the summary for this story. Thanks my dear! (I suck at summaries...)
nightstand in that room, and the
"Ah, John!" Sherlock called when he noticed him. "Good thing you're here. Your translator is an idiot. I've redone his draft for the letter to Colombia. My Spanish is a little rusty, to be sure, but I think I was able to convey your annoyance more clearly than the mumbo-jumbo from your translator that you were going to send. I've translated the inquiry from Germany for you - that's right here." He indicated some sheets on the edge of the desk. "You can dictate the letter for Italy to me later - that doesn't need to go out for two days. And then..." He scanned the jumble of papers in front of him until his expression brightened. "Oh yes - the invoice from Soho..." He shook his head. "They're trying to cheat you. It wasn't entirely easy to tease it out - they did it quite well … but the figures are fabricated. I can show you if you'd like." Once he was done, Sherlock took a deep breath, placed the fingertips of both hands against each other, leaned back in John's chair, and waited with bated breath and a pounding heart for the inevitable thunderstorm.
Sherlock's soft-eyed gaze promptly hardened and he glared at John. "You called my bloody brother!" he accused him harshly.
have?"
Now John smiled, and this time it was a genuine, friendly smile that reached his eyes and warmed them. "I don't think begging will be necessary. I'd say we're beyond that. You've earned your reward. No ifs, ands, or buts."
Sherlock's forehead creased. “You always come here alone, without...” His gaze wandered to the door as if he expected to see a heavily armed guard standing behind it. He blushed faintly and turned back to John.
"Now get out!" Mrs Turner scolded him, miffed. "Smoking! In
"I..." John began, but a gentle kiss to the top of his head made him fall silent.
constant stimulation of his prostate to climax … but now that John had painted everything he
Cover-art by me... The first one is "romance-novel-style". *blushes and hides*
"All right... everything looks fine," John said after a short while, when he'd given Sherlock as careful and as thorough an examination as he could in the circumstances. "Maybe you should use some ointment for the next few days. Something with witch hazel should be good... Do you have anything?"
and grabbed Sherlock by the upturned collar of his coat and kissed him. Sherlock tasted like rain and fire - sneaking those damn cigarettes again, John thought angrily - sugar and spice, anger and fear and he kissed John back without hesitation. Without haste. Slow and sweet and sensual.
How he hated this man! But at the same time, he thanked providence with all his heart for having sent John his way.
"Who were you talking to?" he repeated impatiently. "You said
"Well?" John blurted out.
"Oh..." Mycroft said slowly, and straightened up. "You weren't aware that Sherlock is my brother?" His lips curled in an unctuous smile. "What delicious irony." He leaned back and casually crossed his legs.
– of belonging to just one other person – startlingly attractive. To finally belong somewhere ... to belong to
“Oh, yeah,” John panted when Sherlock's body tightened magnificently around his erection following the spank. “Okay,” John growled, his voice filled with heat. “Again.” He hit him again. And again those muscles squeezed his hard cock. “Mmmhhh... just like that. Do it again. Tense up your muscles... go on... again... yeah … again … you're so good at that... that's... oh yeah... oh … yes... that... FUCK!”
"John? You look like hell," Mike said. "Did you see a ghost or something?"
Sherlock trembled again. But now it was from renewed arousal, not unwanted, unpleasant feelings.
The ecstatic urge rose up in Mycroft, now impossible to put off, until he plunged in once more, hard, giving himself over to the release of climax.
Jacques ground his teeth at the presumption, but in the end he nodded curtly and disappeared.
"Sherlock Sigerson..." John finally drawled. "I'm afraid we're going to have to have a little talk."
Lords, ladies, a couple of ministers, several so-called celebrities, and of course any number of police officers... and Detective Inspector Lestrade.
John's gaze wasn't filled with anger as it wandered slowly down Sherlock's body, making him shiver. But it also wasn't as affectionate or awestruck as it had been several times in the past. There was a certain calculating coldness in those deep blue eyes. Sherlock's hands twitched toward his shirt, which still hung open from his shoulders, and he was about to take it off when John stopped him.
Sherlock quickly ran through all the weapons John had at his disposal in the bedroom. Mike had taken the revolver... there weren't any open blades in the room other than a knife like the ones used by mountain climbers to quickly cut through ropes in an emergency. Maybe a nail clipper... but he didn't have to worry about things like that. Sherlock briefly thought of the two Chinese vases. Shards could be dangerous. He'd have to watch out for those. A chair leg could do some serious damage if it were wielded against the neck or the head. Then there was the risk of strangulation... by hand, or with one of the bondage ropes... even a pillow held over the face could lead to suffocation.
The light was so different from what had been there before that Mike wondered how he could have fallen for it for even a second, how he could have been stupid enough to think that Sherlock would ever pretend with John. He recalled how Sherlock had assured him he would never use his charms on John because John would see through them right away. Mike allowed himself a brief sigh of relief. Sherlock was no faker. At least not with John, and that was all that mattered.
"What..."
Sherlock rested his chin on both hands and blinked happily. "And your first kiss... with a boy?"
Without hesitating so much as a second, Sherlock bent down and licked the semen off John's shoe.
But John was an eternal source of surprise for him, and Sherlock reached and experienced sexual satisfaction every time - almost without trying. On the surface, it may have seemed that those climaxes weren't anywhere near as strong, breathtaking, and sensually devastating as the ones brought forth by means of deprivation and pain. But it was precisely the lack of those components that lent Sherlock's orgasms a different quality... they were more intense and in a certain way more intimate than anything Sherlock had experienced before. And so, to his eternal amazement, he didn't miss anything - at least not at this juncture in his life.
"So..." She returned stubbornly to her original question. "Sherlock. Have you spoken to him?"
"You... you're not angry?" Sherlock asked in astonishment.
John's eyes narrowed. "A recording? But then..."
I've put together my own pic-set for this chapter *blush*
A broad grin appeared on John's face as he flashed all his teeth. "There are two ways to answer that," he answered. "The polite way and the honest way. Which do you want?" When Mycroft continued to stare at him coldly, John continued with a shrug: "The polite answer would have been: I'm really very sorry, Mr Holmes, but I'm a busy man, just like you... The honest answer would have been: because - I - can."
"Sherlock, you... you should know that I..." John stopped. He'd lost his train of thought somehow, but then everything came back to him and he started to speak, not having any idea where he should stop. "I admit I only brought you into my house because I wanted to make sure I'd have access to you any time I wanted, that you'd be available for sex any time. But you have so much more to offer than just... You even tried to tell me... that you can speak foreign languages and... and I just wouldn't listen. But now... I don't know anymore what I'd do without you. You're still the best cocksucker in London - and I have a basis for comparison, believe me! But you... you're not just a … sex toy for me anymore, and haven't been for a long time. Maybe you never were. I don't know. You've become … indispensable to me. Not just in bed... also to my work... and... in my life."
“I'm done, John. I've been thinking it over, and I'm ready to retire and leave London.” He looks directly at John. “What happened yesterday was my fault. I don't want to risk it anymore. I don't want anything to happen to you, or to me… It's time to step away and start something else. And I want you to come with me.”
Sherlock continues to put things away, determining the best way to ensure that John won’t slip away. The man’s a soldier and a doctor, clearly an adrenaline junkie. He lifts his eyes, his voice low, half teasing, half daring. “Are you worried that I might be dangerous?”
They didn't speak, each deep in their own thoughts but still connected, their shoulders leaning into each other. The fire popped and snapped, sparks flying up into the darkness.
“Dammit!” A searing pain shot up his right arm. There, in the folds of his sleeve, a honey bee struggled feebly before falling to the grass. He realized he'd moved too quickly when he tore off the gloves, pinching the bee in the crook of his arm.
The bathroom door closes, leaving John to puzzle out what he just heard.
He should have known that. It's the logical conclusion, a completely normal development. But he never expects normal anymore. He’s been through too much. Damaged badly. He still has trust issues. Enough to fill a book.
It wasn’t a question, but a statement. John stroked his beard, considering his reply. “Sometimes. The adrenaline… the heat of the moment, life or death decisions… it can be addicting.”
A small moan, half surprise, half pleasure, spilled from Sherlock's throat, his ankles crooking around John's back. “John…” Sherlock said breathlessly, “I like it.”
“Your senses are so dull, John,” Sherlock chides as he inserts the key into the lock. “How you manage to stumble around the world incapacitated is beyond me.”
They take turns brushing their teeth and changing into soft pyjamas. Finally they come to a stop, the bed looming large in the room. It’s late and they’re both tired.
At that moment, Mrs. Turner appeared with a fresh tea tray. Sherlock pulled a chair closer to the low table, and John followed suit, looking like he might like to pick a fight.
****************************************************
He wanted to flee the room, but was too afraid to place his feet on the floor, fearing something would snatch his bare ankles.
“I have no idea,” Sherlock replied, fingering John’s soft lapels, already imagining sliding the jacket off John’s shoulders and running his hands over the silky back of his waistcoat.
“He insists he’s never met him in person. All transactions took place electronically. Says he goes by ‘The Professor.’”
I'll be heading off to the lake myself this weekend to enjoy a little more summer vacation, so not much writing will happen, but beaches, ice cream, and blueberries will.
“I’m sure they do,” John answered. “I just… I’ve never been to a shop quite this…”
“Well, look at the angle and clean lines of the wound,” Molly pointed out. “That was caused by a straight edge, not an uneven rock.”
Sherlock thinks back over his own dreams, trying to remember anything other than the soldier in the desert. He never assigned dreams much importance, a belief he now regrets.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I don’t want to leave you.”
John jingles the keys nervously as they make their way down the long, dim hallway, their footsteps echoing off the white walls. No one is around, the day shift over. John checks the number on the key again, then stops in front of a door marked with a brown placket: Storage.
, and treating his first patient with a gunshot wound
John smiled at her, then at the numbers scrawled on his palm. “I’d like that.”
“If that’s what you prefer.”
Not bad, he had to admit. Unorthodox yet passably traditional.
The weather steadily turned cooler, the leaves changing from greens and yellows to golds and burgundies. The days grew shorter, the sun setting before John returned home in the evenings, the nights chilly.
“William,” John answers, tucking a loose curl behind Sherlock’s ear. “But you prefer Sherlock now.”
Hannah sits down next to him, her hands in her lap. “I never really believed in ghosts. But now...” she turns up her palms, he shoulders hunched. “I don’t think what’s happening is a prankster. Or even exactly human.”
“Uh-huh,” John grunts in eager agreement. They scramble to their knees, fingers fumbling at buttons and zippers, kisses sloppy and hurried,
Sherlock stared at John with a dumbfounded look, then burst out laughing. “Oh, God, you have it all wrong.”
“There's a storage room opposite the loo,” Sherlock stated quietly, his eyes meeting John’s.
A cloud of white smoke hung in the warm air as Sherlock carefully removed the cover of a hive. John watched as he gently lifted out a screen of some sort and examined it closely, then replaced it and lifted out the next. It was mesmerizing, his movements methodical yet graceful, his concentration unbroken by the occasional bee crawling over his hands or clinging to the netting so close to his face.
“That it wouldn't be the same?” Sherlock finished for him, looking up.
Trying to grasp her latest work felt like chasing a rabbit as it skittered ahead into a dense forest. He stumbled after the nimble creature with increasing difficulty, able to track it only so far until it vanished into an impenetrable thicket.
“Come for me,” he dropped silkily into Sherlock's ear. “Come all over the table for me, you posh, dirty boy. I want to watch you paint it.”
“It’s fine.” She lowers her coat and handbag onto a chair, clasps her hands together. “You left the party early today.”
The phone slips unnoticed onto the chair cushion. Sherlock lifts his gaze to John’s and inhales shakily, causing John to put both hands on Sherlock’s knees. He feels like he’s holding Sherlock down, as if he might float away if he doesn’t tether him to the earth.
“Hello,” Molly greeted him as if they were meeting at the grocer’s. “My bike’s got a flat,” she said simply.
He had come home, downed an inordinately large tumbler of whiskey, retreated to his room, and fallen into bed, waiting for the alcohol to kick in and the room to tip and sway.
John was bored, nothing but American football on television. Yet another custom he didn’t understand, nor did he want to. On a whim, he decided to ride his bike over to Sherlock’s place to hand-deliver the draft. He had nothing else to do, and some exercise would be good. If Sherlock wasn’t home, he’d leave the manuscript in his mailbox.
And -- cue happy ending! Thanks for coming along on this little romp!
“What are you smiling about?” Anthea asked, catching a strange look on John's face.
John brushes his lips against the base of Sherlock’s neck. He hears Sherlock’s sharp inhale, feels the shaky exhale. He knows how sensitive Sherlock’s throat is and expertly threads his way up higher, kissing and lightly sucking his skin, his reward a low groan of pleasure.
He waits, his gaze roving over the rain-slicked streets. He's dying for a cigarette but won't give in.
There was a distinct pause. “Sherlock?”
“Goodbye.”
John rose stiffly from his chair, staring wordlessly at the apparition from his past, certain he had finally lost his mind. He was dimly aware of Mrs. Hudson kneeling on the floor, dabbing at the spilled tea with a towel.
They've been here nearly three years. Surprisingly, he's never bored. The bees have been a fascinating venture. He's been composing a few violin pieces, enjoying long rambles with their dog Stamford, swimming in the little cove below the house when the weather is warm. And of course, there is John's second book he's working on about some of the more interesting cases.
Sherlock stepped back, his cheeks pink. “Sorry.”
“Well, yes, but most people prefer to have my father do it.”
John cradles his cheek, time standing still, their touch a conversation. The messages passing between their skin elude direct translation; the impressions are swirling: raw, delicate, fiery, soft, yearning, claiming.
Or maybe it was his age, his relative inexperience. Maybe he was nothing but a confused boy to John, tempting, but best kept at a distance.
“Can't I call you?”
Sherlock slowly followed, still uncertain about what John thought of him.
The water drummed against John's back and he felt hollow, unconvinced. The warm cinnamon and clove scent of the soap shimmered in the air, bringing to mind crisp winter nights and mugs of mulled cider, Christmas mornings and wool socks on cold wooden floors, a candied kiss in the back row of the cinema, a room with flickering red candles and long shadows.
“You know what. I think you wanted me to.”
“Trouble in paradise,” John muttered.
*****
They kissed ardently, drowning in the need to touch and caress, fingers pulling out shirt tails, Sherlock pressed into the corner, John wedged between his long legs.
They rose slowly to their feet, working their way back across the rocks and up the steep stairs to the top of the hill.
“Sorry to come by without calling, but I was out for a ride…” John jabbed a thumb at his bicycle. “I… Er, I have your manuscript.”
“I thought they were
Sherlock touched his bottom lip with a fingertip, testing the small degree of tenderness that remained. Ironic, wasn't it, that when they finally let their barriers down, he was dealt a split lip and John was whisked away, effectively halting any progress beyond that first tentative kiss. If they meant to take things slowly, then the fates were certainly helping.
Sherlock typically sends John rapid-fire questions about adverse drug interactions or odd bruising patterns, and, when things are slower, mystified questions about celebrities or politicians he’s never heard of. John answers as soon as he can, often during a break at work or late at night, asking about the latest case or teasing Sherlock about his ignorance of popular culture.
Sherlock grasped his shoulders, kissing him back without inhibition, his tongue lapping into John's mouth. Their kisses gradually grew less heated, slowing to nips and nuzzles, fingers brushing down necks and chests.
Sherlock continued his instruction until John had mastered the basic pattern. “Alright, now it's time to learn how to turn. Let's clear some of this furniture to the side.”
Time fell away in an instant, the desire as strong as it had been years ago, rekindled, burning now between them.
Sherlock presses back into the pillows, biting the knuckle that started all this. They need to be quiet. They're not alone like they usually are. He swallows his groans, tries to mute his rapid breathing. His fingers tangle into John's hair, telegraphing
He stared at the ceiling, willing the ache to go away. When it finally subsided, he hauled himself from the water, drying himself with a towel, trying not to bring the memory back to mind.
John passed him the paper, biting his bottom lip.
Sherlock had shown me the fundamentals of picking locks and how to find the best dim sum in any large city, so I felt relatively prepared when I finally left home to face the world on my own.
John sensed that neither one of them wanted to spend the holiday alone, two Englishmen adrift in a foreign land.
She pulled a pen out of her bag, then picked up John’s hand, turning it palm up. “Here,” she pressed the ink against his skin. “My number. Give me a call after the holidays?”
John's hands glide over Sherlock's hips, and he trails his fingers down the cleft between his cheeks until he finds the sensitive spot he's looking for. He crooks a finger and presses it in gently. Sherlock pauses, adjusts, and John claims his mouth, slipping the tip of his tongue between Sherlock's lips. His tongue and finger tease in tandem until Sherlock emits a small moan.
Sherlock lifted his eyes to John, searching his face. “You're sure?”
John smiled. “Damn right you do.” He turned back to his computer, feeling a boost of confidence from the turn of events. Sherlock Holmes, coming to
John shut the door, crossed the room, and took Sherlock's hand. Sherlock moved over so he could sit on the edge of the bed.
“Mmmm…” Sherlock smiled into a second kiss. “Christmas is suddenly much more appealing.”
“Think you’ll have those looked over by the end of the day?” she asked.
“Do you?” Sherlock prompts, leaning forward. “Have a tattoo?”
John looks over at Sherlock. “These weren't all locked when we were here earlier.”
“The back stairs through the kitchen. We’ll wake up early before anyone else so you can sneak out. We’ll hide your bike in the glasshouse tonight so you can ride it home tomorrow.”
Sherlock arched an eyebrow. “Of course I do. Sensational literature provides an excellent window into the dark depths of the human soul.”
“Oh, please, so are wool jumpers and corner pubs. I thought you were a writer,” Sherlock taunts.
**************
“Christ… there’d better be WiFi.”
“Oh.” Sherlock hid his face by taking a sip of tea. He was too worn out to determine if John was telling the truth. He had no idea if he'd only dreamed Victor was in his room or if he had somehow mixed John into his fantasy. It had felt so real, the tender stroke of fingers and quiet reassurances.
“Good.”
The pleasure of losing innocence…
He’s at the precipice of sleep when it happens, the mattress sinking slightly at the foot of the bed. He’s barely able to open his eyes, shadows flickering along the walls as his vision adjusts. It’s a dream, it must be, because a man is seated on the edge of the bed, looking back at him.
“And now we wait,” Sherlock says with satisfaction, leading John down a narrow alley toward a main road. He looks over at John, whose expression has been constantly shifting between awe and befuddlement.
He grits his teeth, forcing himself to contemplate the ridiculous. What if a ghost had slid the knife into the bookshelf so he’d find the photo album? What if a ghost had been in his room last night, communicating with him, touching him? And what if that ghost had been, in a past life, his lover?
“Tea will be served in 10 minutes, sir.” She craned her neck past Sherlock to peer at John. “Nice to have you back, Dr. Watson.”
“Fine.” He tried to piece together his thoughts, not sure what the flatness of his own reaction meant.
“It's perfect,” John breathes against the base of Sherlock's throat, lost in skin and pleasure and the intimacy of their movements.
“Taste yourself,” John murmured, slipping his tongue between Sherlock's lips.
Mycroft reached for a biscuit and Sherlock couldn't resist a childish dig. “How's the diet?”
John cocked his head, his smile changing to surprise. “Are you jealous?”
Sherlock smiled again, his eyes moving down John’s torso, resting noticeably on his crotch as if seeing through his trousers.
“He was quite insistent, sir. He mentioned that there were changes to your hotel reservations.”
Sherlock gives in, unable to say no to either one of them. “Fine. You win,” he capitulates dramatically. He bends down and sweeps Rosie up, swinging her over his head and onto his shoulders. “Let’s go find that dragon.”
It was a scent that sometimes clung to John’s dressing gown as he walked by rubbing his damp hair with a towel, yawning, announcing he was going to turn in for the night. Lavender was supposed to help you relax, sleep.
I slid into the passenger seat, already bored thinking about the drive home. I sighed, still waiting for Dad. How bloody long did it take to say good bye?
“Just some bloke visiting his great aunt for the summer. John something.”
Everything in the small space was neat, the bed made, an apple, notebook, and pen lined up on the tabletop. But there was nothing personal on display -- no photos or mementos, no colorful quilt on the bed or potted plant in the window.
Sherlock looked forward to their time together, finding a quiet companionship in the arrangement. And, if he was honest, he liked stealing glances at John, watching him swim or read, noticing how his shoulder blades curved when he turned onto his stomach to sun his back.
“We scrambled, exchanged fire, some of us took cover behind an outcrop of rocks… I saw one of our men get hit. I didn't even think. I crawled out, started pulling him back… And I got shot. Stupid, I suppose…”
Caught
He looked at me over the top of his glasses. “Because I've had an inquiry from a publisher, believe it or not. Apparently, someone might want to read about this.”
Sherlock is struck by her words. She’s right. He needs to acknowledge what he’s experienced, but can’t explain. He’s very close to telling Hannah everything, that he’s seen Captain Watson seated on this very bed, but he can’t bring himself to do it.
“Impossible.” Sherlock growls, swiping his fingers angrily over the mirror, sensing nothing but smooth glass.
(See the end of the chapter for
John could not touch enough of Sherlock’s skin, could not satiate his need to hold and caress him, could not get his fill of roaming lips and damp hair, legs skimming across each other, arms and elbows adjusting as they rolled in the bed. He moaned when Sherlock’s fingers wound around his cock, stroking and teasing him until he was achingly hard.
He slides the photos in between the pages of the diary. Maybe, someday, he’ll meet his John. Or maybe the few days in this house is all he’ll ever have with him. He wishes they had had more time. They never have enough time.
His full weight sank onto my body afterwards, his lean frame blotting out all that I had seen and heard earlier in the day, replacing it with my own visceral imprint.
John wants Sherlock to turn and look at him, to really look into his eyes and see what he's been holding back, to understand how deeply John has fallen under his spell, that he'd do anything for him.
They finally arrived at the site -- worn foundations, a set of sunken steps, heaps of rubble that once formed a simple villa and a stable.
He curled a hand around John's cock, his thumb circling over the head, feeling the shaft swell in his palm. He stroked and fondled, coaxing out a translucent bead of precome, smearing his thumb pad across the slit. John's eyes were dark with want, his hands cupping Sherlock's buttocks.
“That's not true,” Sherlock protested. “I just met him.”
“I was waiting for some test results — last name Waters, 55-year-old female?”
“Well, I had a little sense of…” John pauses, stroking his chin thoughtfully, “…Call Me By Your Name action.”
“Chemistry, some geology and botany.”
“Yes, he was staying at an inn near here for a short holiday,” Molly confirmed.
He didn't understand his own contradictions, and maybe he never would. What the heart wanted could not be dissected and dispassionately examined under a microscope, neatly classified and catalogued. It was, to his chagrin, wildly beyond logic.
It was a vision that trailed him far too frequently, one that he could temporarily put to rest with a desperate wank in the shower or in his bed late at night. John felt the familiar hunger stirring and he quickly looked away, concentrating on the stream of cars and bicyclists heading into town. The dance was apparently attracting every young person within a 50-mile radius.
A hazy sense of wonder washes over John as his fingers slide into Sherlock’s curls. He daringly slips the tip of his tongue between Sherlock’s lips, delighting in the little jolt of surprise it causes. Sherlock soon responds in kind, cautious but curious, letting John guide him in this newest exploration.
John meets his eyes. “Yeah. Exactly.”
He slips away to hide in Molly’s small office, not wanting to be tortured by their tedious banter. He scrolls through his phone, feet propped up on Molly’s desk, until she pops her head in.
Sherlock kept his eyes lowered, waiting for Molly to leave too. He was used to driving people away.
John cups the side of Sherlock’s face to angle their mouths for a deeper kiss. The world narrows to this moment, to their warm breath, the gentle tug and release of Sherlock’s bottom lip, the way that Sherlock hooks his thumb under John’s jaw, pulling him back for more.
They stared at each other, silently negotiating the boundaries of their new relationship.
This was madness, rutting like two horny teenagers in a cleaning closet, but goddamn, it was exhilarating. John vaguely wondered if security cameras were installed anywhere in the office, but he dismissed it, knowing there wasn’t the budget for that level of monitoring.
“John --” Sherlock didn't know what he wanted to say, stumbling through a series of tangled thoughts, opting for a joke. “I don't suppose you can refuse to go, and just move to London instead?”
He calms his racing heart. It was the wind, of course, nothing more than a gust seeping through the panes. His imagination -- and John's -- are primed for these wild fancies. There are no such things as ghosts.
Sherlock slumped against the desk, spent, as John licked him clean. He rose to his feet, finding Sherlock's mouth. “Still jealous?”
“It really isn't.” Sherlock spoke the words before he could censor himself. “India was a universe away.”
John paused under the shade of a tree along the shoreline, trying to sort out his thoughts. He'd been instantly smitten before -- a coy smile, a shapely figure, a certain walk -- all had riveted his attention for a few hours or days or weeks. Inevitably, though, the initial infatuation cooled.
“Russian prison tattoos. A spider on the right shoulder signifies a thief. That, and he did have an unusual number of laptops hidden in his room.”
He had tried to forget -- God, how he had tried -- but failed. Sherlock had always lingered on the edges of his memory, a touchstone of a happier time.
“You can open it if you're so curious.”
I saw the dark circles of fatigue under his eyes, the blood on his shirt. “I think my dad’s a doctor and you're not.”
Sherlock fidgets, then takes a roundabout approach. “Did we ever have a relative who served in the first war?”
A light nip on his bottom lip, a hand at the small of his back, noses touching, breathing in. A deeper kiss, growing bolder, a tip of tongue teasing beneath his upper lip, instigating a multitude of sinful thoughts about other places that tongue might probe.
Sherlock walked away, pretending to straighten the items on his desk. “That's ridiculous.”
John takes a long moment to answer. “I don’t know how to describe it. There’s no sense of time, nothing to measure. It’s restlessness… memories… loneliness… yearning…”
Sherlock swept John along, leading him out a set of doors to the curb lined with black town cars and limousines. He headed to a luxury sedan, helped load John's luggage into the boot, then pulled open the door to the back seat, ushering John inside.
The entire situation had escalated out of proportion, a quarrel about Sherlock's rudeness snowballing into a heated row about his arrogance, thoughtless behavior, and lack of empathy.
Dad raised his eyebrows. “What, all the stuff with Sherlock?” He fussed with the handle of his mug, turning the cup this way and that. “Yeah, I suppose I do.”
It was the same icy touch that had pressed on his chest last night. Sherlock gasps at the coldness, wondering why his brain is concocting this strange encounter.
Sherlock looks back at him, feeling more of William than himself. He turns to face John. “I’m here now.”
He's been trying to reach Sherlock for three days. All his texts have gone unanswered. John is uneasy about the silence, so now he's trying to call. He hopes the annoying ringing or incessant vibration will force Sherlock to pick up.
He wishes he could give himself over to Sherlock utterly and completely, but tiny slivers of his heart and soul and brain remain on guard, defensive. He loves Sherlock, and he trusts him not to intentionally hurt him again -- it's the unintentional he worries about. Sherlock has a way of doing things heedlessly, recklessly, seeming to forget that he actually matters to other people, that what happens to him has ripple effects.
I yawned. “This was more exciting than the telly,” I mumbled before closing my eyes.
Later, Sherlock dreams of a foggy London street illuminated by gas lamps, the clopping of horse hooves on cobblestones, a glimpse of John’s profile as they ride together in a Hansom cab. When he wakes he’s disoriented, needing several minutes to stitch together where he is.
Sherlock clutched at John’s hair, a few hot tears slipping from his eyes. No one else had ever known him this way, no one understood and accepted him as John did. He couldn't think about the summer ending, couldn't imagine the days and nights without him.
“That's good,” John breathed out, “brilliant.”
John finishes a few gentle strokes up Sherlock's neck, just above his Adam’s apple. He steps back to assess his work, checking for any missed spots. He lays the razor on the edge of the sink, scrutinizing Sherlock's face. Not a errant patch, not a nick in sight.
John smooths his hands over Sherlock’s arse, his fingers trailing down the damp cleft. The touch stimulates a new desire in Sherlock, something he doesn’t voice but that John instinctively knows.
“I didn't mean it like that.”
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut harder, certain that something was watching him from the end of the bed, a panic rising in his chest.
“And I saw her once, too, on the stairs,” the wife added, nervously twisting the straps of her handbag. “There was a scent of roses, thick and sweet, and there she was, walking up the staircase, her back to me. I dropped the breakfast tray I was holding.”
“This isn’t real,” Sherlock says again, fighting against his confusion.
He could go home, bury himself in bed. He could take a case -- any case -- a lost dog, a stolen necklace, a cheating spouse. He could fill the hours any number of ways.
“Not so easy to find in the city on an army pension and locum work.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, I just missed it. My mum was always wringing her hands, worried I'd be called up. If it'd gone on another year… who knows? I might not be here.”
“No, obviously, because I didn’t go upstairs.”
He doesn’t finish the thought, knowing it’s too much to ask for. Instead, he straightens his back, lathers his face, and draws the razor through the foam, carving out his sharp features, the faint tremor in his hand almost imperceptible.
“You should really come up and see the view from my room, you know,” he ran a finger suggestively down his beer bottle. “Enjoy the skyline before it's all blown to bits.”
Another part of his brain registered the scene directly out the window in front of him: four tanks rolling menacingly down the street toward the palace, a deep rumbling shaking the walls and floor. He snapped back to reality.
Molly furrowed her brow. “Now what?”
Sherlock furrows his brow and waits until John continues.
“Is that -- did you just --?” he laughed, shaking his head in amazement as he perched at the end of the bed.
How unlikely was it for the two of them to be here together on this mild summer night, to ever have met? He didn't believe in fate or destiny, but the odds of them finding each other in this tiny corner of the world were very slim. He didn't want to think about what would happen when the summer ended, when he returned to university and John shipped off for boot camp…
But someday, somewhere in a dim hallway or gritty alley, their eyes will lock and everything will be said without words, their bodies drawing together, lips meeting in a tremulous kiss.
Sherlock smiled, making John’s pulse jump.
“The shortest day of the year,” John supplied.
“Sorry again,” Sherlock apologizes vaguely.
John lifted up on his toes. He finally saw the busy flit and bustle, flashes of black and yellow, heard the hum. He smiled.
John has a new hair style, and it is good.
I squinted at my dad, trying to read him. All those late nights, long trips, and conferences… I often wondered how many were real, and how many were cover stories for him to be with Sherlock.
Sherlock mounted his bicycle. “Anywhere.”
“You mean you're writing a book?”
"Sorry -- is the music bothering you?"
“You're magic,” John whispered near his ear. “I don't think I'll ever let you go.”
John pulls back and looks at him quizzically.
Sherlock started the car and turned it around. He slipped on his sunglasses even though the sun was at his back. They didn't speak, deep in their own thoughts.
Want. The yearning to touch and be touched, to fold into one another, breath suspended between lips -- sensations he’d experienced long ago, rarely remembered, dormant until John woke something in him, stirred by the soldier’s stance, the doctor’s skill, the writer’s imagination, defying all logic.
John plays with a lock of Sherlock’s hair. “I’ve often thought that. But now I’m not sure. We’re together right now, despite everything.”
On Sunday morning, his parents would drive him to the train station to see him off, his mother dabbing at her eyes, his father putting his arm around her shoulders and lifting his hand in farewell. It was always the same whenever he left for the new term.
John looked down at his plate and smiled. Maybe this would be a nice evening, after all.
Sherlock peeled off his suit jacket, tossing it onto his chair. He stood a moment, letting John’s eyes roam over his damp shirt. A thousand unspoken thoughts passed instantly between them -- memories, fears, desires, want. His heart and brain and body simultaneously flickered in response to John's gaze, drawn in, his mouth finding John’s again.
He tries to picture what John is doing right now. Maybe heating up some beans and toast, maybe watching telly with his feet propped up on the coffee table, maybe washing a few dishes before heading upstairs for the night.
Sherlock waits impatiently (and jealously) for John to return from work. (And he's not a very convincing liar.)
I watched a pair of swallows dip and swoop in the sky, chasing each other over the rooftops.
As Sherlock waited, his attention was gradually captured by a couple sitting near the window. He noted the close angles of their bodies, the almost-touch of their hands on the table, their gazes holding and breaking, the faint color rising on their cheeks. Sherlock could feel it across the room, the electricity of their attraction to each other.
Oh, Sherlock!
They gravitated toward each other, utterly enthralled.
He looks out the window again, down at the hedge rows and copse of woods beyond.
Sherlock dropped his arm back to his side, blindsided, unable to utter any of the things he desperately wanted to stay. “Fine,” he gritted, his tone icy. He could barely spit the words out. “Goodbye, John.”
Sherlock hooks his calves around John's waist, his thumbs teasing over John's nipples. “Fuck me.”
Sherlock stared at the tickets, dumbfounded. Alone in London with John for a week?
Sherlock walked past the dark shop windows and hunkered deeper into his coat against the icy wind whipping down the street. The city was quiet this evening, recuperating after several days of Christmas celebrations.
Sherlock smiled, recalling the stunning sight of John reclining by the pool or wading in the sea. “And you look beautiful in the sun.”
The captain holds his gaze a moment longer, his eyes filled with emotion. It is, Sherlock slowly realizes, longing. Desperate, aching want that makes his own body throb with empathy.
John felt anything but content. He was restless, his thoughts constantly circling back to Sherlock. He scratched at an insect bite on his thigh, a souvenir from their dalliance in the grass several days ago. It had been worth it -- touching Sherlock’s pale skin beneath his shirt, the hard heat of their cocks in his hand, bringing each other off.
One by one, John freed the buttons, working his way down the white placket, his hands lingering at Sherlock’s waist as the shirt gaped open. Their eyes met, pupils large in the dark. John tipped closer, his fingers skating up Sherlock’s stomach, his palms curving around his ribcage, his thumbs hovering enticingly near his peaked nipples.
Sherlock placed his hand on John's stomach, feeling its tender warmth.
I walked forward reluctantly, noticing a pillow and blanket stacked neatly on the sofa. “I need a drink of water.”
“Music. The violin. I’ve never heard you play.”
John kept his eyes on his glass, turning it a bit, absorbed by the distortion of his fingers. Sherlock smelled fragrant, his skin probably warm underneath his impeccable suit.
The kiss was soft, a tenuous brush of lips. John breathed in, heart racing, feeling Sherlock inhale shakily at the same time. A tilt of mouths, realigning, remembering, and a second gentle kiss followed, longer, lingering on John's lower lip.
I drove into the city with Dad one summer Saturday. He dropped me off at the cinema where I was meeting my friend Emma for a matinee. Only she didn’t show up. I paced the pavement, swearing under my breath until my phone vibrated with a text. She was so sorry for running late; could we see the 4:00 show instead?
His voice was hoarse and weary, and for a moment I felt guilty for being at the center of so much grief. But then I rejected that notion. I had nothing to do with the choices that three very damaged people had made long ago. Two of them still had time to put things right.
John gently turned Sherlock onto his back, spread open his thighs, and lowered his head.
They walked parallel to a stream that meandered across the fields of Farmer Callaghan’s property. John followed Sherlock, trusting that he knew where he was going. He also sincerely hoped that old Callaghan didn't shoot at trespassers.
Thank you for reading and I'd love to hear from you!
He carefully rolled up his sleeve and eased out the stinger with his fingernail, cursing his carelessness under his breath. His father's words came back to him again:
Sherlock woke first, yawning, stretching, craving coffee. He looked at John who was still asleep, curled on his side, his bare shoulder exposed, the knobs of his upper spine protruding through his winter-pale skin.
It was late when they rode their bikes home, the lights mounted on their handlebars illuminating the path back to the villa. The epic sweep of the film, the stirring music, the rich colors had transported and enthralled them.
Sherlock, who was staring intently at a tree limb.
John looked at him steadily, unamused. “Time and distance change people. Surely you've changed in seven years.”
“And is he a direct relation of ours?”
Sherlock continues to analyze the captain’s face. His expression is hard to read; is the jut of his chin and steely gaze dutiful or disdainful? It fascinates him. He was an attractive man, clearly intelligent and quite fit. For some reason, Sherlock wishes he knew what color his eyes were.
“Fine.” John turned back to his computer screen, irritated. He tried to work, but was distracted by the sound of Sherlock pulling items from his bag and arranging them on his desk. He hunched in his chair, attempting to block out Sherlock’s existence.
“This isn’t happening,” Sherlock slurs, tangled in his dream. He’s confused by what’s real and what isn’t, but somehow he’s not afraid.
“I hurried back to the room, the old man’s gone. He can't have walked that far, so I checked the hall and elevator and stairs, I asked the desk clerks. No one else saw him. Vanished.”
John slides his hands around Sherlock’s waist, skimming them under his dressing gown, pulling him against his hips. Sherlock inhales sharply, his cock pressed between their bodies. John’s palms venture lower, cradling Sherlock’s plush arse, kneading his fingers into pliant flesh as he slips his tongue between Sherlock’s parted lips.
“Maybe he was the black sheep of the family,” Sherlock muses.
He thought about the choice of words: John found him attractive, at least attractive enough to think that someone else would find him appealing. But what on earth did that mean?
John laughed. “I’m not from California.”
To his surprise she stayed, handing him the bowl of strawberries. “Try one. They're really sweet.”
Sherlock leans forward, somber when he speaks. “Is this really what you want, John? A few hours or days here and there? Is this enough for you?”
Sherlock finds John's faith in him unfathomable. “How can you be so sure?”
John began staying with him quite often during Olivia’s year traveling abroad. John missed her, found the house too empty with her gone. He started spending more time helping on cases, sometimes even accompanying Sherlock on his investigations, sometimes staying more than one night.
Sherlock nodded wordlessly. He was more than alright; he was exactly where he wanted to be, with the person he wanted, finally answering a question that had long haunted him.
Finally, John knocked lightly on the bathroom door. It opened almost immediately, Sherlock wrapped in the blue dressing gown, his hair slicked back as John had predicted, the silver razor poised in his hand, just a few patches left to shave.
Sherlock takes an unconscious step forward and John talks on, almost as if to himself. “And then I think, it's crazy. My responsibilities, your work, the risks… God, the press…”
Sherlock turns to press his nose into John’s temple. “So’s your dick,” he mumbles.
John climbs the creaky ladder and carefully hangs a paper bat from the ceiling. He gives it a little push to set it swinging, satisfied that it will hold. He glances down at Sherlock, watching him rummage through a cardboard box with his shirt sleeves rolled up. It’s the purple shirt that verges on being obscenely tight, accentuating every muscle and curve of his back and chest.
Sherlock reached for John's laptop and hooked the strap over his shoulder. “Just passing the time. Welcome to New York.”
The only advantage he had over Sherlock was his blog, which had gained a popularity that far outstripped Sherlock’s surprisingly dry website. Both he and Sherlock were frequently sought out as consultants and expert witnesses for high-profile crime cases. In addition to their academic research, both wrote about their case work for the public, but John knew the secret to success was writing for a general audience, avoiding jargon and explaining forensics in simple, approachable (and perhaps a bit sensationalistic) language.
“Very lucky,” Sherlock replied, placing his lips on John's cheek, moving slowly to kiss his temple, then his mouth.
The question landed like a punch to the face. John stared at him in shock. “I wrote to you. I told you.”
Sherlock is too shocked to react. Although the coldness and floral scent soon dissipate, the words on the mirror linger.
Their marriage continued on, a partnership that suited them both. He cared deeply for Mary, but it was not a grand, passionate love. Their intimacy was warm but unimaginative, their home life companionable. He knew he should be grateful and content, and he often was, yet in the dark of night, alone with his thoughts and a swirl of smokey scotch, he sometimes yearned for more.
There was a long silence after Sherlock's bitter rant.
Sherlock skims his hand down John’s waist, stopping where the pajama bottoms begin. His fingers play along the edge of the waistband, and he notes that John is not wearing underwear. Neither is he, a shared habit he’s cataloged before. This is not the first time his imagination has painted in John's thighs and groin and lower belly.
John checked the back where two cakes nestled in round tin carriers were perched on the seat. “It’ll give us a few hours, don't you think? We’ll drop these off, put in a brief appearance, then find something else to do with the night.”
“I'll miss this place,” she says, her gaze roaming over the walls and windows. She looks at Sherlock, her eyes welling up again. “Even you, with your clients and violin and cursing at all hours.”
Last night had been an education in kissing, a long and thorough lesson in snogging. His mind drifted back to the dock, his hand that held the polishing rag coming to a stop on the fender.
He takes a few more steps around the room, then stops and stares at the wall covered with papers.
They drank each other in, transported by the moonlight and night songs of the crickets, the rich smells of water and earth enveloping them.
“Not yet. I'm sure I will.”
Sherlock searched the ceiling, not knowing what he should say. He could hang up now and walk away, letting it end. Or he could answer. “I’m still here.”
Sherlock admired John's thighs and backside, using the brief lull to pry off his shirt and socks that had been forgotten. John was soon stretched beside him again, condom snugged on, lube in hand, his mouth by Sherlock's ear.
“I'll go first,” Sherlock said, his voice a rumble. He twisted the lock and stepped out, leaving John in the dim room alone with his tangled thoughts. Just when he should be distancing himself for his inevitable departure, damn if he wasn't falling deeper for Sherlock every second.
John pictures it, Sherlock’s long fingers gently teasing the dusky pink hole, relaxing the ring of muscle, slipping inside. John places his hands on Sherlock’s hips, his thumbs caressing the taut skin stretched over his hip bones.
“She called you?” Sherlock asks incredulously.
Sorry I only had time to post one chapter this week, but I wanted to leave ya’ll with some smut with feeling before I leave on vacation. It’s a family road trip to the mountains and various national parks, so that means limited wifi and writing time. But there’ll be more to come in the next few weeks!
He spots Mycroft in a leather wingback chair. He stands in front of his brother until the newspaper is lowered with mild annoyance. Mycroft’s expression quickly changes, and Sherlock knows the two words clicking together in his mind:
“Did you know you have a pattern of Orion on your back?” John asks casually.
She handed me the crisps, her eyes meeting mine with a quiet understanding. “They do.”
He squints and sees John, who is clearly livid. Sherlock sags back into the pillows, dreading the inevitable conversation that is coming.
He picked up his violin, plucked out a few notes, set it back down. Not in the mood. He turned to the bookcase, scanned the titles.
“Calculating. Be quiet.”
John cradles him close, his lips against his temple. “We'll find each other again. We’ll go to all your favorite places in London, just like we promised.”
John lifts his hand and turns it in the light. “It’s starting,” he says softly. “Fading like an old photograph.”
“Then you’re going to use the map in that amazing head of yours to take us back to the hotel, where I'm going to draw a cool bath, undress you, and join you for a long, lathery soak. I’ll dry you off with those sinfully soft towels, lay you out on that big white bed… and we’ll just see what happens, shall we?”
He didn’t know the next time they could be together like this; now was the chance to learn and experiment. He'd be a fool to let this opportunity go.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don't be a martyr.” Sherlock picks up his bag and strides to the bathroom. “It's a big bed. I want the right side.”
Somehow, Sherlock is not yet ready for that. The thin fabric is a safety net, a flimsy barrier that offers a tantalizing promise for the next time. For now, the hint of hot skin waiting under that cotton -- coarse hair, blue veins, corded tendons, rigid cock -- is arousing as hell. His cock stiffens at the image, tenting his pajamas.
John finally submits, his wrists pinned above his head, snow biting into his lower back where his shirt is rucked up. Sherlock looks down at him, droplets glistening in his dark hair and lashes, their ragged breaths puffs of white suspended in the air.
“I'm fine.”
Sherlock tracked John's movements as he circled the Vauxhall, skimming his fingers along the curved back fender. “It's a sweet car,” John said with admiration.
“Well, that's two people.” He moved several pieces around the board according to our own made-up rules. “Besides, some of us are better off alone.”
He removes the picture from the tabs holding it in place, then turns it over. A name is penned on the back in a fading spidery script:
Sherlock nods. “This is much better than the mustache.” So much better, he thinks. This majestic sweep of hair is making his stomach flit with butterflies, his fingers itch to bury themselves in it. He wants to nuzzle that wave, tug it, ravish it.
“I might.”
Sherlock lays his hand over John's, covering it. “I wish…”
The discomfort gradually diminished, and Sherlock reached for John, wanting him closer. As they shifted, John slid in deeper, causing Sherlock to catch his breath.
“Okay then, good night.”
“He seems very loyal.” Mycroft paused. “And you've only known each other a matter of weeks.”
She begins to explain the characters and storyline, and Sherlock slides deeper into the pillows. Molly’s leg is innocently warm next to his, the bed an island of comfort in a cold blue ocean.
Sherlock looked around the large kitchen. He had been in the house for one or two visitations in the past, and knew that the top floor of the home was the family’s living quarters, while the ground floor and basement were devoted to the funeral business.
Sherlock tried to cover his disappointment. “I haven't the faintest idea.”
“You can’t.”
“Can't you drop me off at Aunt Harry’s?”
The evening swirled on with dinner. John was seated across from Sherlock, their eyes occasionally lingering over the candle, their feet briefly caressing under the table between courses.
“Unsolved. Call in the paranormal experts. I don't know. But I don't think our ghost will be visiting us anymore tonight. Her work is done.”
The evening grows cooler and deep indigo shadows are spilling across the flagstones when they lean in and let their lips softly meet. Their entire day is in that kiss -- sun and salt air, the cafe and tanned skin, wine and fragrant peaches -- the lazy build to this moment of inhaling each other, capturing bottom lips, slipping hands up sides, fingers playing along napes.
He looks around once more, deciding whether to go home or stay and run a few experiments. He’s not tired, so he opts for the latter. He shrugs off his suit jacket and rolls up his sleeves, then flicks on a lamp and begins setting up equipment.
He turned away. That was it then. No chance there. He drained the last dregs of beer, preparing to leave. He’d head back to his room, maybe edit a few more photos before bed. There was one in particular that needed the exposure toned down, the colors cooled a bit…
Without speaking, Sherlock switched off the lamp, pushed down his shorts, and climbed naked into John's lap, covering his mouth with his own, his arms around his neck, his body saying
John slowly released each button one by one, pausing each time to bestow a blessing of his mouth on the newly bared skin between the open plackets of his shirt. Sherlock squirmed with pleasure, his nerves singing with exquisite sensitivity under John's breath and lips.
Maybe it was that blasted conversation about girls and Molly -- his stomach suddenly dropped. Oh God, maybe John suspected something. Maybe he was disgusted and wanted nothing to do with him. Sherlock chewed at his thumbnail, worried.
He kisses John again, more slowly this time, their tongues sliding alongside, teasing, flicking, tempting. John’s hands skim from Sherlock’s back to his hips, his fingers gradually sliding down to grip his arse, grinding him against his thighs. Sherlock can feel John’s erection through his jeans, inflaming his own arousal.
They rode by in a flash, their laughter carrying across the breeze. Sherlock watched them disappear into small dots, smoke curling from his nostrils.
“And I'm going out for a smoke,” Sherlock added, slipping away.
It didn’t help that they had been in his aunt’s house, the embroidered Bible verses and crocheted afghans hardly enhancing the mood. But the night had still been wonderful, curling around Sherlock’s back, breathing in the scent of his smoky hair, sleeping peacefully for several hours. Sherlock slipped out of the house well before dawn, returning home before anyone could notice his absence.
Sherlock’s head was swimming, his mouth tasted like ashes. “I’ll be there in a moment.”
John nods, takes a seat in one of the armchairs in front of the grate. Sherlock soon joins him, and they both train their gazes on the fire, glasses in hand.
“We should have declared a truce ages ago.” He nuzzled Sherlock’s ear, loving the way he stretched his neck in reaction.
“I don't want you to leave,” he confessed against John's neck, fighting back a sudden sob.
John put out a hand. “Wear it.”
He paused for a moment, assessing the room. Light from the street lamps below glowed through the three arched windows that lined one wall of the sitting room, long curtains hanging to the red wool rug. A sofa and low table lined another wall, a fireplace and ornately carved mantle opposite.
“I wouldn't say that, exactly. But you… I’d say that you're a medical student who likes a good drink -- maybe too much -- and worries he’ll turn out like his recently deceased father… He was a doctor too, wasn't he?”
“What’s this?” John stammers, equally relieved and confused.
“Do you have plans?” Sherlock asked. “We could have a drink, catch up.”
John suddenly leans forward earnestly, placing a hand on Sherlock’s knee under the table. “You can always call me, you know. If you're ever in trouble. If you need anything.”
John glanced at Mike, annoyed. “What do you mean?”
That was fun! Thanks to everyone who encouraged a part 2 with these insatiable boys.
He glanced across the table at John, wondering what he might like as a gift. Leatherbound notebook? Mont Blanc pen? The latest iPhone?
They kissed again, deeply.
“Anyway,” she deliberately changes the subject, looking around the room. “Creepy old house, isn’t it? The bloke who drove me up here told me it’s haunted.”
“And who's her friend?”
Sherlock will let John decide whatever it is -- however it is -- John needs them to be together. He will love him and wait and maybe, someday, that last wall will come down.
“There’s a black stallion right next to a unicorn,” John points out, trying to cajole them both.
Sherlock slept in late, burying his head under the covers to block out the insistent sunlight. He finally dressed and wandered downstairs, accepting the marmalade toast and strong tea that the cook, Mrs. Turner, grudgingly offered late-risers for breakfast. The young maid, Elizabeth, bobbed an awkward curtsy as he passed her in the hall.
John smiled slyly, slipping his arms into his coat. “You going to feed me up again?”
The noises stop. They both stare up at the dark landing, waiting. Sherlock lays a palm on the polished wooden bannister and begins the climb up.
They hold the gaze, each seeing a vulnerability in the other that is a surprise. They both want to glance away, embarrassed; yet they continue to look, finding something more compelling.
When his life was upended and the darkness in him grew, his service revolver a constant tempting offer of escape, he finally stopped the one-sided correspondence, instead writing down desperate ramblings in a private journal.
Sherlock groans deep in his throat and John lowers his head, licking his way into his pliant mouth. A moan slips from John’s lips as he increases the rhythm, their cocks rigid and leaking. Sherlock is on the edge, so close, needing an intensity that frotting can’t quite deliver.
“Someone about our age. Tall, thin fellow with dark hair.”
John decided to take the opportunity to step away. “Think I'll go find something stronger to drink,” he quipped, then nodded a goodbye before wending back to the door.
After I left, did they kiss?
“How was your massage?” Sherlock asked, sniffing suspiciously at his drink.
The air now smelled of soot, the temperature noticeably warmer compared to the countryside. One of the women fanned herself, and one gentlemen loosened his tie. John turned back to the window, eager to leave the stuffy train.
Sherlock looked up at him, his face a mixture of defiance and vulnerability. “We’re supposed to hate each other,” he said, confused, angry, needy.
John’s mouth involuntarily curved into smile. “I know the feeling.” He took a tentative step forward, drawn to Sherlock, not knowing if he should go any closer.
Their smiles wavered, falling serious. John turned to Sherlock, about to say something but stopping, his hand going to Sherlock’s chest instead. He smoothed Sherlock’s tie below the knot, his hand lingering before drifting away.
They had only briefly met Mrs. Holmes when John first arrived. She had greeted him in a civil but distracted way, a pencil tucked behind her ear and notebook in her hand, clearly preoccupied with something else.
"Oh, for heaven's sake," Irene cried with a long-suffering look. "Yes, I understand now... your Doc hasn't said those three little words to you yet. So what?" She underscored her statement with a dismissive gesture. "The Doc is no honey-tongued smooth-talker... He'll say it to you eventually."
"What can I say?" he cried with a touch of frustration. "Some of those idiots think I had that Kenneth bloke knocked off to take Albright down a notch and shut him up, and then... when he didn't stop flapping his gums... that I killed him myself. Or… ordered Moran to do it."
"Where is Sherlock?" John asked, emphasising each and every syllable with cold precision.
"Plantation owner?" John ranted. "Can you not think of a more ludicrous comparison?"
John's gaze softened. “And now can you finally sit down?”
"Pardon? Oh yes - of course," Mycroft returned to the main topic. He swallowed, sat up a bit straighter on the couch, cleared his throat, and only then looked John in the eye. "Second … Sherlock will keep out of our...
Sherlock blinked up from his task as well and watched as Mike shrugged his shoulders, said good-bye to the person on the other end of the line, and ended the call with a little sigh.
"Yeah... looks like they've really developed a soft spot for you. You're just going to have to live with it," John said with fake sympathy.
Greg fiddled with his helmet so that Mycroft couldn't see his smile. After a while, he cleared his throat and announced, "Five miles down that way..." He pointed in the direction Mycroft's car was facing. "...there's a nice little café with home-made cakes." Once he'd gotten that off his chest, he stammered a bit, rubbing the back of his neck bashfully. "So, I signed all the stuff for the divorce today and felt like celebrating a bit." He looked off into the distance and blinked several times before returning his gaze to Mycroft and continuing with a nonchalance that was rather forced: "And if I don't have a problem with your brother's lover being a mobster... then I don't understand why you're making such a fuss about it. We can't change it either way. What would Doc Watson be once we're married? My brother-in-law? Something once removed?"
John didn't know exactly what role he played in this scene. Was he the high priest intended to enact the cult ritual, prepared to initiate something holy... or was he about to defile something exalted, to tear it down to his level and desecrate it over and over again? No matter what it was... it was bloody hot.
, really - in the guest room for what seems like forever. I wouldn't have thought she'd make such a... such a stink." He shrugged his shoulders helplessly. "I was going to move out, but... I really thought I'd have time to look for something and we could handle the divorce like two civilised people. Especially considering... considering she was the one who... went looking for something else first." He sighed. "We were really happy together at the beginning," he concluded with a trace of regret. "I've spent nearly half my life with this woman, and now? Now I have a suitcase full of wrinkled clothes in my car and a secret affair with a man who makes fun of the fact that I'm sporting a bit of scruff."
John continued to watch him with a cold, impassive stare, but his mouth lost some of its hardness when he spoke again: "But since I … sympathise with the reasons for your incorrigible behaviour up to a certain point..."
"So..." Mycroft began slowly. "Where is Sherlock?" He sounded both irritated and impatient.
"Yes," John agreed.
"What?!" There was a hint of panic in Sherlock's horrified cry. "Oh no... don't you dare ... don't even think about letting me hang like this!"
"You're taking care of the luring," Greg growled. Then he sighed heavily and slipped away from the Pavilion - ready to knock out the stranger with his oversized torch.
Sherlock yawned deeply. "Thomas."
splat-splat
"If Charlie was so sure the middleman was sent by John..." Sherlock said slowly. "Then it must have been someone Charlie knew... or at least recognised on sight."
"Do you honestly believe I enjoyed it?" Mycroft retorted tightly. "To constantly have to... drag you out of that morass... to repeatedly be forced to witness your indiscriminate self-destruction... to have to see how you couldn't go without drugs for a single second..."
There you have an example for a sperm stopper:
"Sherlock? What... what are you doing in the bath? I thought you wanted to take a shower?"
"Mr Holmes?" Greg asked, bewildered. "What can I...?"
"Sherlock?"
John frowned slightly and nodded along as Sherlock began to explain what had happened. He slowly ran his thumb along his bottom lip, carefully thinking over what Sherlock had said but truthfully, he had no idea what he he could contribute to the case that Sherlock didnt already know or had figured out. The male let out a slow sigh, hating that he knew that Sherlock viewed John as an Idiot. The male closed his eyes briefly before yawning "Em..." he mumbled, rubbing at his eyes tiredly "Thumbs?" He chuckled quietly before turning to look at Sherlock, pupils dilating and there was a happy look in his eyes which only seemed to appear when John was looking at Sherlock "Well, im sure with that clever mind of yours, you will have the case solved today" he chuckled, allowing his eyes to run along his cheekbones and turned up collar for a moment before chuckling, shaking his head "You can be such an idiot Sherlock"
John felt anger bubble underneath his skin, although he didn't want to shout at Sherlock, his patience was becoming strained. He was his boyfriend for gods sake, not an interrogator.
John cleared his throat as a signal to get out whilst they still could. He walked over to her bedside and kissed her cheek gently. He felt her smile. He felt like he should be grateful, and happy, but instead he felt guilty. He knew why he felt like that, but he still didn't want to feel that way. When was mum going to tell Harry? John hoped that when she was told, he would be back in London away from the storm that would ensue. Motioning for Sherlock to follow, John walked out of the door, and Sherlock closed it gently after him. They were now in the open hallway, with no idea which room was theirs. Shit.
What if it could happen again? What if... What if it was Moriarty somehow?
“So, you shot him, yeah?”, Donovan remarked derogatorily, “You sure you didn't just hallucinate?”
John was enjoying the taste of Sherlock on his lips, if this was all his boyfriend wanted then he would be fine, it didn't always need to get full-blown. He would settle for kissing, and holding off the more passionate stuff for later on if needs be.
"Well, not everything, not if you don't want to, but just let me have a preview into your mind, I know that this calmness you have going on isn't real, let me in Sherlock, I think I deserve it."
John frowned slightly.
“And I love you“, Sherlock replied, being more than happy that he could finally say those words. He loved John, he did more than words could say and he wanted to give in to that affection now, he wanted to be as close to him as close can be.
“Then why are we going to Baker Street? Isn't that where they'd look for you first?”
Sherlock: *smiles* John, I have to tell you this now and I want you to know that you don't have to do anything about it. I just want you to know while I can tell you. I probably have missed my chance two years ago...
John hummed when the male asked about whether he knew about any places that they could eat, the man slowly retracting his hands off Sherlock when he noticed the gesture hadnt been noticed. The doctor glanced away briefly and slowly shrugged his shoulders "hmm... There is a nice Bakery which does some awesome sausage rolls and sandwiches?" He suggested to the detective, raising his hand up to hail them a taxi "It will be my treat" he said firmly before glancing back at him, a bright look in his eyes "Its not a date though" he teased, however the look on his face and his tone of voice made it very difficult for the sociopath to know if he was being serious or Joking. John hummed and told the Cabbie of the address before leaning back into his seat, watching the detective slip in besides him. John watched him quietly for a few moments before giving him a grin as he looked his way "So.... Molly has a crush on you" he said simply, deciding to bring up the topic "Gunna give her a go?" He asked slowly, jealousy flooding through his tone of voice
But he had to focus, John sneaking into his thoughts was the last thing he could need to deal with now. Though it could be a nice distraction... no! Plotting. Plotting.
He shook the feeling off of his shoulders as Sherlock pulled into a parking space, almost effortlessly. It was pretty good, for someone John had thought to have never touched a steering wheel in his life. The car spluttered to a stop, the gentle humming of the engine silenced, and left John missing the vibrations of the seat he had grown accustomed to during their journey.
[...]
“Yes but... I... I didn't not do it because I wanted to hurt you or anything... I even tried to tell you but... at first I couldn't because I was so freaked out about the fact how deep he could infect us, and then we were here, and you were so calm and... “
"I know, I know just.... Let me have a shower first."
“Possible, yes. But I would've noticed...“, Sherlock tried to start his mind but he was too tired to think properly. And no, that wasn't caused by a drug, it was pure exhaust.
"Do you think I planned to kill that man?" John asked, cocking his head and pursing his lips, "Cause that was certainly what it sounded like you were implying Sherlock."
John fell silent.... It hadn't exactly been a smooth time for him. He had killed Moriarty just to find out that it was an innocent man, they are supposed to be in hiding, he was drugged, they were technically outlaws... It wouldn't be out of the question for his PTSD to be triggered again... He remained quiet, reluctant to tell Sherlock why.
“I'm... I'm here John. Outside the factory. And I... I...”, he still didn't know how to say it. John meant the world to him, but still. He had never experienced anything quite like this. Never had anybody even shown interest in him. Everybody had always hated him.
“No...”, Sherlock replied with his mind being far, far away, “We said we would just grab something, remember? Go for a walk then.”
His cheeks seemed hollower than usual, the shadow beneath them had grown in size and deepened in shade. And his already spindly fingers had become more dipped where the bone curved in...John hoped he was eating properly. He pushed back the gravid thought to the back of his mind. It was nonsense... Sherlock was eating just fine, he must be. John hoped his concern didn't show on his face, and gave a small smile to Sherlock, who replied back with his own smile.
“Sherlock”, John insisted as I kept staring at him without a reply, “What is going on here? Tell me about your thoughts. You usually don't need to be asked like this, you need to be stopped from talking. So what is on your mind?”
"No hospitals... N," John yawned and felt his breathing deepen, "No hos....pitals....." The noise of the world grew silent, and before he knew it, John was asleep.
“Well, as the waiter was involved there must have been some kind of special hidden door, an exit that only the staff knows about. Probably he let the body disappear through there.”
John stepped out of the taxi slowly, allowing himself to calm down before making his way into the restaurant. He was still a little hurt from what Sherlock had done, but he knew it was needed, that otherwise Moriarty would get suspicious. But once again, John had allowed his emotions to fog his memory and forget about the cameras being in place. John nodded at the waitress as he made his way inside, a slight smile on his lips as he made his way towards where he hoped Sherlock was sat, and luckily for him, he was correct. John stepped up to the table and studied Sherlock carefully, a slight smirk on his lips as he spoke "You owe me for hurting my feelings..." He muttered into the detectives ear, gently biting it before sitting opposite his detective. John swallowed nervously and studied the mop of still damp curls, heart pounding as he waited for a response "I erm... I'm sorry I kissed you Sherlock" he grumbled, slowly glancing away from him before closing his eyes "I had completely forgotten about the cameras... Especially since you rushed out my room this morning" he grumbled.
"It's ok."
"Could you, uh," he let out a huff, "Help me out with them?"
John scrunched his brow up, shaking his head gently. "No, no, we may have our differences but.... Harry... Harry would never try to poison me?" He said doubtfully.
“Oh, good morning, John. Great that you're awake. We have to go to Scotland Yard.”
Sherlock got a fright when a sudden ringing sound appeared out of nowhere. He couldn't assign it at first, but then figured that it was his phone. A call. He looked at it – John! Actually it had been obvious. Another proof for how the sentiment slowed him down. Should he pick it up? He decided for the yes and wiped his tears away. He didn't want to hurt his love anymore.
"So you're never going to sleep again?"
"You ok?"
Yes, it made sense, like most things Sherlock said. But on the other hand it was Moriarty whom we were talking about. What if he played some kind of twisted mind double hand game thing? What if he knew that Sherlock would think exactly the way he did and had included that in his plan? I was still alarmed, but simply nodded. He should know I trusted him, although there were some doubts caught in my throat.
and his office…
"I'M DOING WHAT?!" John blurted out, aghast. "I treat him like a prince and he..."
Greg hurried to assure him (not entirely truthfully) that the opposite was the case for him.
"John's scared," Sherlock said. It didn't sound nearly as cocky as his first call. All of a sudden, his voice had a despondent cast to it.
"You... you're having the house remodelled... for...
Sherlock watched him ride away, his chest hollow. How had everything gone so badly in such a short amount of time? Why did he fall into Mycroft's traps time after time, behaving like a petty child? And now he had lashed out at John, pushing him away, ashamed to tell him about his own weaknesses.
Edited to add: I had time to write. Onward to the feast! >>
John set his cup and saucer down. “Look, I really don't need to learn.”
He fits the key into the lock and lets the door swing open, then flicks on the overhead light. They stare in silence, taking in every shade of purple, violet, and lilac imaginable, their gazes simultaneously coming to rest on the one bed in the room.
John grunted, covering Sherlock’s wrist with his hand, stilling him. “Sherlock.” His tone implied
Sherlock cleared his throat. “There's a second bedroom upstairs, if you want it.”
When the day of Mike’s party rolled around, John forced himself to change from an old hoodie and trainers into black jeans with a blue shirt and gray suit jacket. He didn’t really want to go, but he didn’t want to spend another night moping at home alone, either. He’d struck out with Sherlock and should just move on.
Sherlock stopped twiddling with his beer glass and leaned forward, his eyes on his hands. “John, I should tell you—”
He didn't know why he was cooking so much lately. To use up the damned peas, of course, but he supposed it was also the shorter days, the cold weather that made a cozy kitchen appealing. He enjoyed it, too, the colors and scents and textures of cooking, the satisfaction of crafting something by hand. It was relaxing after a long day at work or helping Sherlock with a case.
“This is the first time I could get away. I've been pressed into even more service. Our gardener’s laid up with a broken leg and won't be back for weeks.”
John smiled at him, folding his hands behind his head, in no rush to move. “Of course.”
She sniffs and flaps her hanky and dabs her eyes and tries to laugh as they share one last cup of tea together in 221B, but there's a sadness running through them all.
John eagerly opened the note, then paused. “Black socks,” he read aloud. He glanced up. “That’s it?”
He stumbled back to the house, feeling like he was lost in a maze, becoming more and more disoriented with every turn. Mycroft's warnings replayed in his mind, amplifying the futility of his feelings for John. Their romance was pointless. It was going to be painful. But he had fallen in deep. He might even have fallen in love.
The first touch — a delicate lap of John’s tongue on the underside of his cock — makes Sherlock shiver. John holds his gaze, extending his tongue again, swirling it over the taut head, slow and deliberate. Snared in John’s blue eyes, Sherlock tries not to writhe, but his hips tilt up, wanting more, a bead of precome glistening at the slit.
John's expression is only mildly puzzled; he's used to cryptic comments from Sherlock, but knows they usually have some deeper meaning. He strokes a hand down the shirt front once more. “I'll be leaving in a bit. Want to come along?”
Satisfied with the knot, he smoothed the black silk tie and inspected his suit: midnight blue wool trousers topped by a deep navy velvet jacket with satin silk shawl lapels, a silk-covered single button fastening, and jetted pockets with silk trim. Beneath that was a matching velvet double-breasted waistcoat with lapels. His favorite details were the waistcoat’s eight silk-covered buttons set in double columns. A tonal navy shirt and patent leather shoes completed the look.
I shifted uncomfortably. “And then I was born, and she left.”
“It is.” John answered quickly, then softened his tone. “It is, Sherlock. Almost everything I want.”
Hope bubbled up in John’s chest as they shared a slow smile, a fragile tendril of flirtation blooming between them. John picked up his glass and chimed it in a gentle toast against Sherlock’s, their fingers nearly touching.
He let Victor to lead him back to bed, his mouth and fingers stroking him into a hazy state, lulling his agitated mind, until he eventually found sleep again.
John’s hands circle around Sherlock’s waist, roaming to the small of his back, his hips, his buttocks.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock shrugged. “I’ve noticed you tend to favor your left shoulder. Figure you tore a rotator cuff or something.”
When both Mycroft and the nurse are gone, Sherlock drifts in and out of sleep, dreaming of a childhood visit to the beach, of leaping playfully onto Mycroft’s back, throwing his six-year-old arms around his chubby brother’s neck, both giggling.
Sherlock sat across from him, warming his hands on his coffee mug. He watched John eat, his eyes drawn to one pink nipple peeking from behind a fold of fabric. He delicately adjusted his pyjama bottoms that had grown a bit tight in the groin.
He watched as John made the final cut, the limb falling to the ground with a satisfying thud. It looked like a small fruit tree, the trunk no larger than 10 inches in diameter. It had probably blown over in a storm the summer before, judging by how dry the wood was. John now straightened his back, wiping his brow with his forearm, taking a breather.
Aunt Harry picked me up later that morning while Dad stayed with Sherlock the rest of the weekend to make sure he was okay and, as Dad put it, didn’t do anything stupid.
John offered his hand. “Pleased to meet you.”
They stood huddled in the recess of the doorway, waiting, rocking on their heels. John felt slightly annoyed, cold, and hungry. Glancing over at Sherlock, he could clearly see the spark of anticipation in his eyes. “You really love this, don't you?” John asked, genuinely amazed.
John’s mouth tightened, and Sherlock could tell he was irked by his evasiveness. He pushed on with his proposal anyway. “Given the dire financial times, I need a flatmate to split the rent, and you need a room. Unless you want to stay in this charming place, of course.”
John reached over and lifted the cigarette from between Sherlock’s fingers and put it to his lips, taking a long drag. The gesture implied a certain familiarity and ease that made Sherlock’s pulse race.
John sank into the armchair, feeling ill, stung by the spite in Sherlock's voice. He’d been a fool to think that Sherlock would read the letters. Sherlock had no idea what had happened, what he'd been through. He dropped his eyes to the rug, wracked with returning guilt and self-loathing, not wanting to dredge up the past again. He took a few steadying breaths.
“We should go,” Sherlock finally says, his voice a low rumble that I can’t interpret.
“Well, what do you think?” Sherlock asks, trying to sound nonchalant.
The second morning, John crept from the room, his body a bit sore from all their exertions. He returned not long after with two tall cups of coffee and warm bagels.
“Mummy would have my hide. So it’s in my best interest to see that you’re kept safe.”
They quickly picked up John's bicycle outside of Molly's house and loaded it in the back seat, then drove toward the lake, falling into silence again.
Sherlock lifted the bicycle into the back, then settled behind the wheel. They drove a few moments, passing John's house. No one was outside, but the car was parked by the garage. He turned his attention back to Molly. “You were the one who called it off.”
Mr. Holmes met them at the train station with a cheerful smile and firm hugs, the blue Vauxhall still immaculately polished. When they arrived at Musgrave Hall their luggage was whisked away while Mrs. Holmes greeted them.
“An interrogation. How delightful.”
John gathers a few blankets and pillows and spreads them out on the rug in front of the hearth, then pulls Sherlock down next to him. They kiss in the glow of the fire, intoxicated with wine and the newness of each other, anticipating more discoveries, intimate touches and secret places on their skin, hushed sounds in the dark, impassioned whispers and moans, shared confessions.
“Of course it's me,” John said softly. “Get some rest.”
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees, his voice husky.
“I do, sometimes.”
“Put on your coat. I've just heard there's been another murder.” Sherlock, wild-eyed, his hair damp and curling from the rain, was standing by the table holding out John's jacket.
Sherlock lingered for a moment, fiddling with the strap of his satchel. “My laptop died. Hard drive crashed. I need to do some work here.”
Sherlock never came to our house. He always found an excuse not to visit, claiming work or an experiment prevented him from leaving. I don't think he felt at ease in the suburbs, too many playsets and lawn mowers and flower boxes for his taste. Or maybe it was just too strange for him to see Dad in such a domestic context.
He closed the door behind him, his eyes taking a moment to adjust. A sliver of a window set high up in the brick wall let in a small amount of light, enough that he could finally make out several shelves, boxes, and burlap bags, a wooden work table pushed against the wall.
“I have no opinion on the matter.”
Sherlock hesitated, then let it spill out in a rush. “I want to know what it's like. To be inside of you, your legs wrapped around me. Fucking you.”
“I'd love that. But my mother… I promised I'd visit her this year. She's in Seattle.”
“Private?” I offered, trying to make it less awkward.
The room is still dim and it takes a moment to see the object stashed in the alcove. Sherlock reaches down and draws out a slim book bound in leather. He carefully opens the front cover and is astonished to see handwriting filling the pages.
“Come with me.” He took John’s hand into his cold palm and led him to his bedroom, dark but for the light from the sitting room that slanted through the open door.
“Maybe,” John laughed, leisurely running his fingers from the root to the tip of Sherlock’s cock. “We could have used all that time fighting for something more entertaining.”
Sherlock leaned forward conspiratorially, feeling more like a teenager than a wise being. “I still have something of yours.”
“Sherlock.” Holmes extended his hand again.
He halts again, still rubbing at the mark on the wooden table. “And I can't even tell them about you.” He looks up at John, exhausted. “Sometimes I get so tired of all the secrets.”
Sherlock took a breath in counterpoint. “So am I.”
John saw her glance at his cane.
The hotel, like the surrounding neighborhood, was quiet, much of the city emptied for the summer holidays. The rooms were handsomely appointed with large beds and private bathrooms, the sheets and towels a much higher quality than John was accustomed to. John’s room was on the corner of the building and caught a refreshing cross breeze with the windows open.
Sherlock was momentarily taken aback when John pushed his hand away, even more so when John spit into his palm. He soon understood when John wrapped that wet hand around both of their shafts and began slowly working his hand up and down.
Sherlock let John drive the Vauxhall, enjoying John's obvious delight as he slipped the engine into high gear along the empty road. When they reached the lake, John's prediction that it would be deserted proved correct, not a bike or car or boat in sight when they rolled to a stop.
For a moment, the ice had thawed, transporting John back seven summers. For a moment, he recognized the young man he'd fallen in love with, and who may have once loved him in return.
John busied himself in the kitchen, trying not to eavesdrop on their conversation, but it was practically unavoidable in the small flat.
********************
The crash of John hitting the water greeted him, along with John's “Bloody hell!” when his head emerged.
**************
And then he came to the closing paragraph:
“Say it.” Sherlock hopes it’s something light and superfluous that will lift the mood.
When we stood by the car finally ready to leave, Sherlock looked at me.
John gazed at her fondly. He'd known her on and off for almost two years, their paths crossing across continents. He knew she had some bloke back in England, some mysterious government type whom she never really talked about. Still, it didn't stop him from flirting with her. It's what he did to pass the time.
(See the end of the chapter for
When their shins bumped against the sofa, John worked off his shoes and socks, almost stumbling. Sherlock hurriedly unknotted the tie of his dressing gown as John shrugged off his shirt.
It’s too much. I break my gaze away, staring at my blanched face, my fingers fumbling to turn down my collar. Sherlock is still behind me, watching.
There have been many such encounters over the years -- glances and touches and cryptic words that might or might not have a deeper meaning in them. A gaze deepened by longing. A touch simmering with hidden desire. He sometimes thinks he sees a flicker, then it vanishes. Or maybe he's just projecting his own feelings onto the situation, feelings he’s kept repressed far too long.
Every atom in Sherlock’s body alights with desire. How John is able to stir this fiery response in him is a mystery. Sex has never particularly interested him, but now, in this house — in the shower, in his bed, in this claustrophobic little room — John has tapped into a well of insatiable lust.
Sherlock nodded, his expression serious. “I’m sure… but I have to tell you -- I've never done this before.”
Sherlock looked away, clearly struggling to maintain his composure. “OK,” he said after a moment, “then I’ll confess. My real first name is William.”
Once they were in the shed, Mr. Holmes began gathering an assortment of supplies, including an odd metal can with a pointed snout and attached bellows.
He crushed out the cigarette and stood up, dusted off his trousers, then set off for the house in search of his violin.
Sherlock rubs at an old scratch on the tabletop, subdued. They are repeating a circular argument that has no satisfactory resolution. And maybe, he realizes, he's assigning his own doubts and fears to John. A long silence follows.
At last he exposes the scar on John’s left shoulder and he pauses, struck for a moment by an echo from the past. He gently touches the puckered skin, then sinks to the bed, pulling John after him. He places his lips over the scar, grateful that the injury didn’t steal John away from him this time.
Before John even takes a sip, Sherlock starts blurting it out. “Yesterday, while you were sleeping, Olivia was here. I told her what happened, and I intended for her to take you home, but we started talking… And…” He grips his mug with both hands, nervous.
He took a deep breath, letting it out slowly. He was overreacting. It was just a strange jolt of attraction to a very unusual pair of eyes.
“You are an eager one, aren't you?” John purred, stretching his body over Sherlock’s to reach his mouth.
“I was stupid, saying it that way. I just… I just don’t know what to do. I don't know what the right answer is.” John waited for a response. “Sherlock? Are you still there?”
John’s expression had changed, serious now, his pupils dark, and Sherlock felt caught out, sure that John must know what he was thinking. Blood rushed to his cheeks.
It was well after ten by the time they visited Dimmock off-duty at his small house in the village, presented the boomerang, and spun their story for him.
He would not let himself be scared. He would not go running into Mycroft’s room. He hugged the sheets tighter and closed his eyes, envisioning the periodic table of elements, trying to distract himself by naming them.
Caught off guard, Sherlock feels heat blooming up his neck to his cheeks. The mere mention of his bedroom brings back a rush of memories, of all the things he and John did in bed at the safe house, of all the things he and this John could do… He points down the short hallway at the closed door. “Loo’s on the left,” he adds like an idiot.
Nothing could have prepared him to see John again. His nerves were frayed and his head hurt from the immense effort it had taken to appear calm and unphased. In actuality, his emotions had been thrown into turmoil at the sight of him.
"Non, ce n'est rien," Sherlock disclaimed charmingly. "Je me demandais... si c'était possible..." He hemmed and hawed and hesitated, Jacques following each movement of his lips with breathless anticipation, until Sherlock finally continued with a flutter of his eyelids that defied description. "Serait-il possible d'avoir encore quelques unes de votre merveilleuses biscuits?" A hopeful expression bordering on begging came into his eyes. "Nous avons une dure journée devant nous et je sais que Monsieur Stamford aime tout particulièrement votre
"Unbelievable," John muttered, shaking his head. "At least this way you'll only make a mess on the floor." Then he pulled his left hand back and, without any warning, slapped the pure white skin of Sherlock's buttocks.
Since no one said anything or asked what he wanted, Sherlock gathered himself and took the initiative. "Hello, I'm Sherlock. But you... probably know that already."
Sherlock would have liked nothing better than to give himself a good, hard kick in the arse. Maybe he should apologise? He opened his mouth, but the words that came out were anything other than an apology.
, send him on his way and that's it."
"Well done, you!" John said with an icy smile. "Give the candidate 100 points."
"That's how we knew what you looked like and what …
“No – please... don't trouble yourself. Just tell me where I can find him, and I'll...” John bit his lip and actually appeared to be embarrassed for a moment. “I'll let him know what he should pack.”
John ground his teeth. "Believe me – you're better off without me." And with those parting words, he left the room, slamming the door with a loud bang behind him.
A sharp intake of breath was audible on the other end of the line.
Sherlock gave him an inquisitive look. "What now?"
. Has a nice ring to it, doesn't it?"
The two rivals eyed each other silently for several seconds.
"Did anyone notice Miss Morstan not showing up for work yet?"
His decision was made.
'Staffonly'
It was one of those typical multi-storey, red brick houses with little gables overlooking the street, an abundance of white-framed windows, and a rather pompous entrance of white stone. It was irritating that Moran lived in a multi-unit building, as it was entirely likely that at least some of his neighbours were at home and thus able to hear any shots that might fall. That was why John had ordered Dave, Naresh, and Ginger to use the silencers, just to be on the safe side. (He was annoyed at himself for having forgotten Ginger's real name again, but he was too proud to ask about it.)
One eyebrow rose. "A rose garden?" Holmes echoed. "Why not beekeeping as well, while we're at it?! As much as I hate to disappoint you, my dear Inspector, I haven't any hobbies. I consider myself married to my work."
Sherlock blushed. John was right. At least it felt as if all his blood had fled his brain in order to make a new home in his groin. He was even a little ashamed at his lack of control... at the fact that his body caved in so quickly and easily to his animalistic instincts. Over and over again... and that he took such pleasure in giving himself to John like this. How had he managed to live before John? Looking back, it could hardly be called a life... he'd never felt as alive as he did now with John by his side. Sparkling and vibrating with life all the way down to his fingertips, down to his very last cell... all the way down to the furthest corner of his mind palace.
sore muscles?"
Sherlock hadn't had any opportunity to prove his loyalty. How could he have... he'd been living in fear of Mycroft finding a way to get his hands on Sherlock again the second he left the safe haven of John's property, all in the name of preventing him from bringing further shame on the Holmes family.
Books lying open on tables and chairs, overflowing ashtrays, stale air, piles of clothes on the floor, a dried-out plant on the windowsill. And smack in the middle of the chaos: Sherlock. Sherlock, wearing a pair of striped pyjama bottoms and a stretched-out t-shirt, sitting cross-legged on his bed with a laptop balanced on his knees. Sherlock, with two days' worth of stubble on his cheeks and his eyes widened in horror, looking ridiculously young – nothing at all like the worldly prostitute John had first met several months ago.
"Sherlock?" It was a demand, a question, and there was hesitance. "Sherlock... your safeword?"
"What do you mean?" Sergeij wondered.
?" he blurted out as soon as he understood what exactly John had just said.
"You can begin any time... I'm just waiting for you..." John grasped Sherlock's hips with his hands and felt the shudder that ran through the entire oversensitive body.
Sherlock hesitated. He'd actually hoped to have the opportunity to contact someone at some point. Mike maybe. His first choice would have been John, of course, but according to his kidnapper, John was in her clutches as well, so he was out.
thinking then?"
"Yes," John agreed. "There is."
"You're going to ruin your suit," Sherlock heard himself saying and could have slapped himself for it. Who cared about the suit when John was about to...
John gave him a look that was difficult to parse. "I'm not playing postman for you two. Sherlock's got a phone. I made certain he could keep it with him at the hospital, even though they don't like that kind of thing." He stepped away from Mycroft, turned on his heel, and left the church.
Sherlock blinked in surprise. "Well... I had thought..."
John had done a very thorough job preparing Sherlock, and he was now unable to completely close the muscle there anymore. The lust-filled, unsatisfying spasms of the body spread out before him aroused John beyond all reason. Desire and arousal had already been shooting through his body for a while, and now they settled in his groin. His pants had been too tight and uncomfortable around his erection for quite some time.
Sherlock nodded his agreement. “I’m certain that both of you have a sixth sense when it comes to danger, just like John.”
Sherlock tilted his head in acknowledgement. "Of course... but... you're definitely the type for romantic gestures. You're wearing black, despite the fact that he's been dead several days now. You're wearing a locket around your neck - probably containing a picture of the deceased. All sentimental nonsense." Sherlock tried hard not to think of John's handkerchief right then, which he'd been carrying around with him for days in his trouser pocket. "You introduced yourself as Mary Moran... you have the same last name as him. If you'd been married, you'd wear a wedding ring, for sentimental reasons. Therefore, he wasn't your husband, but he was a relative. A cousin or..." The curve of her nose, the blond hair... "Your brother."
As it was, he sat down unsuspectingly on one corner of the couch, and Sherlock immediately glommed onto him as if his life depended on it. With one hand, he held fast to the lapel of John's jacket, while his head sank onto John's shoulder. He pulled in his legs and wriggled around on the cushions until he was lying half on John and half on the couch. John was amused to be used as an oversized pillow and began absently to comb through Sherlock's disorderly, sweaty curls.
"Me," Sherlock declared firmly. Tobacco ash wasn't poisonous. It just didn't taste very good. But swallowing a little of it wouldn't be dangerous.
"What?" Mycroft asked, stealing the cigarette for another drag.
'. There was simply no way around the fact that both of them needed to be seen in Harwich in order to ensure that the deal went down smoothly.
"According to the radio, there's a car on fire near Hyde Park Corner, sir," Bridges promptly responded. "I'm afraid my old back-alley routes aren't going to do us any good here. Half of London's shut down."
"Sherlock..."
"I don't see it like that," Sherlock contradicted him with that unflappable calm that he occasionally displayed, the source of which would forever remain a mystery to John.
"Play for me," John said impulsively, holding his breath as he observed Sherlock's reaction.
"We're not really brothers. We have the same father, that's all... that makes us half-brothers. When my mother died... I was adopted by my father and his wife." He made a helpless gesture with his hand. "Mycroft and I... we... we're not exactly poster children for a happy, loving family."
"And now tell those arsewipes they can..."
John caught him by the arm and held him back. "Where are you going?"
John, trying to maintain a nonchalant attitude, gave the mayor a carelessly appraising look.
“Yes?”
No response.
“Yeah?”
“Yes.”
“Always have.”
“Are you listening to me?”
“Did you hear me?”
“Yeah?” He turned back around.
“You loved her.”
“Mhm,” Sherlock agreed with a nod, not listening.
“Just stand up.”
“Then get on with it!”
“Changed my mind,” he replied with a shrug.
And, for what seemed like hours but in reality was no more than about five minutes, they sat in silence.
“No.”
“Well… yeah, that’s probably the best possible outcome. Really?”
“Oh… and Irene-”
Sherlock blinked, not a word falling from his lips. John could just kiss those lips. He would if Sherlock wasn’t sitting so far away.
John blinked at that. He cleared his throat. “Right.” He cleared his throat again. “Sherlock, I… I love you. Have for a while, actually.”
“Right. I’m going to bed.”
“I thought you were going to bed?” Sherlock questioned without looking at him. Both hands and a leg were drumming now. Hoo boy.
“I don’t-” He paused, gaze shifting to the ceiling. Sherlock looked too. “I don’t mind them talking.”
“Why?”
“Always will. Sherlock, that’s not my point.”
“What?”
“Yes.”
“Why..? How?”
“What?”
“I did, didn’t I? I said I loved you.”
“You’ve been my best friend for… years, actually. Saved my life several times in several different ways. You’re... Intelligent and clever.. The smartest man I’ve ever met. And… I watched you become human. I got to watch you do things, feel things that you’ve never done before. That neither of us had done before. And I know there’s Molly-”
Sherlock waited, his leg bouncing. He’d much rather John get along with whatever he was trying to say before he said it for him. Whatever it was. “Yes?”
A frown twitched at his lips. “Is dead. Has been for… almost two years now. And… she knew.”
“...of course I do… Of course I do... I’ve told you that before, haven’t I? Don’t know why it’s gotten you so… I don’t know. Frozen. Haven’t I told you that before?”
“Sherlock…”
“Right. That’s... Unsettling, actually. I’m taking Rosie to bed... I’ll be off myself too. Good night, Sherlock.”
“I’d like to kiss you now, if you’d let me.”
“That I loved you.”
“What? Oh. Yeah. Yes. That long.”
“Yes, well. I thought we could maybe talk for a bit.”
“...John,” Sherlock said finally, hardly breaking the silence.
“I love you… okay?” John said finally, not moving his head from Sherlock’s chest.
“No! Sherlock-... no. That’s not my point.”
“You really mean it.”
Rosie stirred and they both shut up. John rocked her back to sleep before clamping his eyes shut and speaking again, his voice considerably softer than before. “Sherlock… I’m... I- it’s sort of complicated and... I’ve been thinking about it for a long while and..” he stumbled around his words like a drunkard trying to stick to a straight path.
Sherlock looked at him from his chair, hands drumming more anxiously than before. “You mean that?”
“Yes. From the moment we met, I knew I did. Or was going to, anyway. Wasn’t really all that attached to feelings at that time.” They both laughed a little before sinking into silence once again.
“Changed your mind?”
“I know.”
“Yes, you do.” His whole composure seemed to soften, his attention laser-focusing on John. “Of course you do…”
“Yes. People tend to do that.”
He blinked, his attention shifting to John. “Oh- sorry. You were saying?”
Still not a word. John nodded once, stood, and turned to take Rosie to bed. He was almost out of the room when Sherlock finally piped up. “John.”
John sighed, lips pursed. He had gotten his attention now, no point in backing out. “Has it ever occurred to you that we are raising a child together?”
“Talk. Yes. To whom?”
He let out a sound that was some mix between a laugh and a huff of annoyance. “Sherlock.”
“I don’t even expect… anything from you, really. Nothing at all. Just thought you’d like to know. Surprised you didn’t figure it out already, honestly.”
“Oh… huh. Well, anyway-”
“Knew what?”
“Not Molly.”
“...why wouldn’t I?”
“Ah- right. Yes. Well… that wasn’t-”
“Yes, John?”
“Eachother…?”
Sherlock stood. John did too. Before Sherlock could say a word John had pulled him into a hug. Sherlock hugged him back after only a moment of hesitation, his heart racing. Was this actually happening? Was this just another fantasy of his? He had gotten quite lost in his thoughts, he wouldn’t be surprised if he snapped out of it any second.
“I love you too.”
“Anything.” He came and sat down, leaning his elbows on his knees, hands clasped.
He was stunned into silence once again. John sighed, rubbing his eyes, then his temples. Sherlock watched him. “...That long?”
“But... Mary?”
Sherlock was frozen. A hardy flick on the forehead would send him slumping into his chair, no doubt. He stared at John, a mix of confusion, disbelief, and utter shock folding deep lines on his face. John wanted to smooth them out with his fingers.
“Yes.”
“So… you love me.”
“Okay.” a small smile curled on his lips. “I love you too.”
“Yes.”
“Of course I did.” He laughed quietly. “I still do. But… you know… she is actually dead.”
“No, me neither. Is that your point?”
“Yep.”
“ ‘Cause you’re not telling me how you feel…”
“Really?”
“Of course it has,” Sherlock replied without missing a beat, hands unfolding and resting on the arms of his chair, drumming a steady beat.
“You don’t have to dwell over it.” He left before Sherlock could respond. How could he even respond? Was it even possible to respond to something such as that?
"Mhm." John made a sound as if his suspicion had just become certainty. "So you knew exactly what you were doing?"
Mike sighed. "John, I have no idea what you
John beamed at Mike. “Yes - he’ll like that!”
"Yes, they'd have to make it three columns..." Sherlock mused.
"Do," Mike said, sounding uncertain. "It's... Sherlock..."
A look of anger, that contained a hint of recognition, hit him. But then a truly devilish expression appeared on Sherlock’s face as he bowed down to John. “Usually,” he whispered with his lips close to John’s ear, “usually I attach one or more weights to it. I have several at home. Sometimes I use a chain, so they can swing freely… with every move… while I’m on my hands and knees… that is… an indescribable feeling… unsettling… with extremely intense… orgasms…”
And then Moriarty's voice returned, not sounding the least bit amused.
John observed him calmly. Noted the pale, naked skin of his chest... the hard, alluring nipples... and the bruises in various shapes and colours scattered over his upper body, testifying of previous trysts.
Mycroft looked somewhat ashamed and directed his gaze to the side, attempting to make it look casual. His fingers straightened the papers on his desk.
"Bad luck," he called out carelessly and emptied his glass. Then he signalled to the waiter. "Black Velvets for everyone! It's not exactly a happy occasion, but that doesn't mean we have to go thirsty, does it?" A quiet murmur of agreement sounded. "All right, so this Holmes won. So what?" John laughed again, but this time he let a touch of ice sound in his laughter. "He'll see what he's in for. We'll just let him get nice and cosy in his new office first."
"Do you think those thoughts might eventually lead to asking me in?" John interrupted him acidly.
On the tray stood not only a big cup of soup, which was steaming in a promising manner, but also a basket of baguettes and butter, a bottle of water, and a large slice of quiche. On the side was a small vase with a bouquet of daisies. Sherlock thought he must be seeing things. Mrs Turner had gone to all this trouble... for
- being decided. If decisions were being made behind that closed door that concerned him, he wanted to be heard. He wasn't going to sit down quietly any longer.
"Sherlock... fuck..." John whispered to himself.
John blinked. "That's... all?"
"Well? How about you? Isn't there something you'd like to tell me?"
"Not like that, you greedy little slut," John scolded him, straightening up again.
Well... if that was the reaction he got for two little bits degrading words... perhaps it would be worth it to experiment. Test the waters and observe what would happen, as it were.
He hated not knowing what game was being played. He hated not being in charge of the game. He hated not even knowing the rules. He hated it with every fibre of his being. One false move... one wrong decision... one inadvertent remark... could have fatal consequences or set off a chain reaction with unforeseeable repercussions.
Although he tried not to, he was getting nervous. To the left and right of him was nothing but water. Where was Moriarty? And more importantly: where was Sherlock?
Before you tar and feather me – I don't want to downplay rape and sexual assault in any way. They are crimes and they will always be crimes.
An hour later the next text arrived:
John's calm, expectant gaze was more than his nerves could take at the moment, but he braced himself and tried not to appear as pathetic as he felt.
John ran his tongue across his lower lip. He hadn't missed the fact that Sherlock hadn't swallowed the cream and was keeping his lips pressed firmly together.
"No," Mike admitted, and a reluctant laugh escaped John's mouth, which was still clenched together in anger. "Why are you so upset?"
