Everything else seemed to drown out and the ringing in his ears intensified. He had failed to rescue his friend. Sure he had lost soldiers before in battle. But this? This was different. This was Tony we're talking about. Tony wasn't just a soldier he was their friend, their teammate, their family. Now he was gone.
"Fury said that he'd try and send men in to get Tony. But without knowing just what exactly Tony was working with we can't go in." He winced. Without thinking he had clenched his fits again nails digging into the wound that was already there. "Falcon, Hawkeye, Hulk you're with me we're going to head over to the facility do an assessment of what we're dealing with and go in."
“Tony,” Steve’s tremulous voice warned against his mouth, hips pushing steadily up against his lover. “Tony, I can’t—”
After a couple of failed attempts, they managed to keep their boats upright in the water.  Tony was uncharacteristically silent as he watched the boats sail across the pond.
, so he was admittedly little rusty.  However, judging from the little needy gasps Steve was making, he was doing a fairly decent job.
“I’m happy that he’s happy,” she answers a moment later. “But I will admit that I’m just a little jealous he was able to his special someone so soon.”
“Are you asking if I want to top?” Tony asked, sitting up to rest his weight on his elbows.  He got a nod from Steve in response. “I think you should take this one.  You’ve already killed me with that mouth of yours; I don’t know how much good I’ll do on top tonight.”
thinking about taking you out somewhere proper—dinner, maybe even dancing, but I think this works too,” Steve said. “Marry me?”
Tony puts his soldering iron down, strips off his gloves and goggles, and makes his way over to Steve, wrapping his arms around the blond’s torso.  Steve buries his face into the crook of Tony’s neck and inhales the scent of burning metal and a hit of ivory soap.
“So all those times you said you were going to the library or to some engineering society thing?  That new cell phone you got, your new laptop,
birthday when he’s approached by a tall woman with short dark hair wearing a suit that probably cost more than Steve’s childhood home.
It felt like hours later before they parted, their lips swollen and cheeks flushed, but Steve knew logically that it had only been a couple minutes. He was already breathing hard, which wasn’t necessarily a surprise.  It didn’t matter how long he and Tony had been together because Tony always had that effect on him, and Steve knew, deep down, that he always would.
Later, when they’re both sated and drifting off and Steve is running his fingers through Tony’s hair, Tony closes the tiny bit of distance between them and murmurs three little words that make Steve’s heart skip a beat.
Steve had a fleeting thought of what his life would have been like if Tony hadn’t been there when he woke up from the ice, and trampled it as quickly as it had materialized.
have been attributed to Steve briefly walking out of a meeting just to help Tony bring himself off).
Marie nods dumbly. “Of course,” she says, bowing her head. “You won’t last,” she sneers at Tony. “None of them ever do.”
Jan brushes away her own tears and approaches the podium, getting the attention of the reporters again. “The Avengers have been a team for almost ten years,” she says. “Steve Rogers and Tony Stark were romantically involved for the last six of them.”  She deliberately pauses, expecting a flood of questions, but they don’t come.
“I guess,” Steve replied, knowing a dismissal when he heard one.  He took the waffle off of the iron, put it on a plate, and held it out for the other man.
everything.  I’m going to spend all of the time you gave me doing just that because nothing else matters if I can’t have you.”
“Honestly?  Honestly, I thought you would eventually come to your senses and leave me like everyone else,” Tony admits.  “I knew it would be inevitable, but damn it, I’m selfish enough to just settle for whatever you were willing to give me.”
“I don’t regret it.  I knew the costs, and I knew you wouldn’t have approved if I had taken you with me, but it needed to be done.”
"Are you sure she’s fixable?” Steve asks.  "No offense or anything, but if you can’t fix it, I can try somewhere else.“
Steve looks drunk out of his mind.  His face is red, and lips swollen from their kissing, and Tony still gets a thrill from the knowledge that he’s the cause of it.  ”Yeah, why wouldn’t I be?”
very well done, but Steve thought he was finally done with giant paintings of himself when he moved out of DC.
has been trying to woo me over the past two weeks,” Tony counters. “I think all of that pales in comparison.”
Steve had been the easiest to convince and, within a few weeks, all of the Avengers had taken residence on their assigned floors.  It wasn’t very often that they were all home at the same time since they all seemed to split their time between multiple places, but knowing
Natasha’s gaze suddenly becomes too much for him, so he stares at the panel next to her instead, watching the light move from one number to the next as they ascend to the top floor.  “So what if I am?”
,” Tony cries, his voice a higher octave than usual.  He knows he sounds hysterical, but he can’t help it. “You just asked me to
“Look, Natasha and Thor want to go out for some drinks.  Why don’t you come along?  It could help get your mind off of things,” Sam suggested. “C’mon, it’ll be fun.”
“Steve!” Bruce immediately perked up when said man walked into the kitchen, freshly showered after his morning run.
That certainly wasn’t the response Steve was expecting.  Steve knew that Tony had met Peggy a few times when he was younger, but he had never explicitly mentioned her in front of Steve before.  “Peggy wasn’t like everyone else.”
Steve is about to suggest heading back to the tower at the same moment Tony decides to lace their fingers together before leaning forward and kissing him.
Steve is the one that blushes this time. “I mean, uh… you’re always with such classy, high society people, and—”
Tony nudged his shoulder, urging him to sit up, and Steve did, because he couldn’t deny Tony anything if he tried (not that he would ever want to).
It took a couple minutes for Tony to come to, relishing in the feeling of Steve’s fingers gently stroking his spine. The blonde shifted under him, sensing the change in Tony’s breathing.
“I know that, but you still should go out and meet people.  You can’t just sit around, waiting for the right person to come along,” Tony reasoned. “It doesn’t work like that anymore—”
with others—but this one simple kiss with Steve was so novel and made all of his past experience seem laughably inadequate.  Tony had kissed plenty of people in his lifetime, an act practically second-nature to him, but with Steve, Tony could barely keep up.
“C’mon, guys, it ain’t that bad,” Steve assured. “Look, Thor’s having a good time,” he added, gesturing to the blond man animatedly telling stories to a small crowd.
, but Tony had wanted to surprise Steve with a nice home-cooked meal after he returned from his early morning meeting,
“Steve—” Tony started to say, but Steve ignored him, pressing further into Tony’s warmth in hopes that would be enough for Tony to ignore his slip.
Tony brushed the stray hairs away from Steve’s forehead before playfully kissing his nose.  “Still cold?” he asked, eyes sparkling with mirth.
Tony returned the kiss with equal fervor, his tongue plunging into Steve’s mouth without preamble.  Even with Steve’s multitasking capabilities, he was finding it harder and harder to focus on preparing himself with Tony doing absolutely wicked things with his tongue. Eventually, Steve felt Tony take hold of his wrist and pull his hand away from Steve’s opening before replacing Steve’s fingers with his.  Steve had no idea when Tony had managed to slick up his fingers, but he couldn’t really complain when he felt Tony’s fingers press against his prostate.
“Rhetorical or not, that’s probably the dumbest question I’ve ever heard,” Clint commented, making Natasha snicker.
Steve huffs and reaches up to touch his face: it feels warm under his fingertips, and he realizes he’s starting to get a little hot under the collar.   “Still gets the blood flowing I guess.”
, the paparazzi know exactly when Tony is out and about, so in the past few years, he garners this reputation as a
Tony doesn’t realize he’s shaking until he feels Steve’s arms around his shoulders, steadying him like an anchor.  He’s murmuring something into Tony’s ear, but Tony can’t make anything of it.
Tony feels the touch like a brand on his face as lava burbles up under his skin, burning across the bridge of his nose.  The kitchen is absolutely silent.
Tony took a few shuddering breaths, one hand clenched in the mud at his feet and the other settling on Steve’s thigh to steady himself, fingers spasming. He didn’t think they’d ever get the chance to fix whatever it was they had between them.
to have someone who cared about him so much to threaten the mayor to find him or Steve would make sure his political career was no more.
“What?” Tony sputtered. “She was batting her eyelashes at you and everything!” Steve must have really been out of it to not notice
“Speaking of work, what did you tell the team?” Tony asked.  Steve only arrived in California earlier that evening, but Tony left New York two days before him in order to avoid suspicion from the rest of their teammates.
Tony takes in his surroundings.  He looks at all of their friends, and at the incredible wedding that Steve’s painstakingly planned for them—for
Functions like this were much more tolerable with a drink—or five—but Tony would rather be bored out of his mind than give in to the temptation.
He takes another twenty minutes to reach the Brooklyn bridge, but when he does, he stops for a few seconds, taking in the view.
Tony leans back in the quinjet pilot seat, examining the schematics of the warehouse in the holographic screen for the fifth time today. It still continues to be mindlessly boring and completely uninteresting.
He lets Rogers take point, moving behind him as the super soldier pushes the doors open and walks inside the room.
His breathing has started to pick up and his hands are shaking worse than an engine with a faulty crankshaft damper. He rockets to his feet and paces, trying to get his breathing under control. The last he needs right now is to lose his shit over an already shitty situation.
It doesn’t take long to find the aforementioned garage. It’s in a little nook of the street, and it looks like it was taken right out of a forties postcard. Which he supposes makes since, since these
In the end, it isn’t the reversal of this unbelievable hallucination from hell that makes him move, it’s hunger.
Sure, they’d left things off on an ok stance after New York, but the tentative truce didn’t seem to last long at all. Probably a consequence of continued exposure to Tony Stark. Honestly, if Shield wanted them to get along they should have gone the complete opposite route and minimized Rogers’ interactions with him.
“I need a suit,” he states, eyeing the various clothes hung around the store. His gaze lands on some suitcases perched in a rack. “And maybe one of those cases.”
“I’m afraid so, sir,” Jarvis informs, regret evident in his voice. “I am detecting an alarming increase in air rarefaction. It appears the room is airtight and vacuum pumps are depleting the gas molecules in its interior,” he explains, bringing up a percentage countdown of the oxygen concentration on the hub.
“Nothing interesting, apparently,” Tony replies as he reaches an armored hand towards the device, picking it up. The thing is light, cylindrical and seemingly innocuous. They really came all the way to the frozen wilds for this? What a waste of time.
Tony sighs, and then the unprompted realization that this might be the last time he gets to do so brings a bit of a hysterical giggle to his lips.
“--Rogers,” Tony cuts him off, already tired of the lecturing monologue. “You see anybody in here? It’s a grab and bag, you should have stayed in the jet.”
When he finally gets the alternator out he puts it aside -- he doesn’t know what the Larry intends to do with the old spare part, better safe than sorry -- and retrieves the new one to switch them out.
“Steve, if this is you trying to break up with me, it isn’t going to work.  You’re gonna be stuck with me until you get sick of me, and when that happens, I’ll just make you fall in love with me all over again.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “If you really think I’d be bothered by the fact that you bedded half of the Victoria’s Secret angels before we met, Rogers, then you really don’t know me at all.”
“Childhood best friend?” Peggy supplies, a playful smile on her lips. “It’s nice to finally meet you, Tony.”
Prompt: Tony has a colourful sexual past. No emotions involved. Steve knows this, so he doesn't take Tony's flirting with him seriously. He laughs when Tony gives him gifts or asks him to dinner; thinking this is just Tony being Tony. But what he doesn't realize is that Tony genuinely has feelings for him and is attempting to court him. Every time Steve laughs, shakes his head and shakes his head and walks away from Tony it's like a dagger to his heart.
“I hope you brought an appetite,” Joseph says to Tony. “The six of us have a lunch reservation in a half-hour.”
“If you ask me if I’m sure one more time, I’m going to finish off by myself in the bathroom,” Steve snapped, but the last few words got caught in his throat when Tony circled his hips.
Tony doesn’t know how to communicate: his failed relationship with Pepper is evidence of that (he’s over it, really he is; they may have loved each other, but they right
“Roll over,” Tony instructs, pleased when Steve does so without question.  He reaches for the drawer in the bedside table and takes out a battle of vanilla-scented oil, spreading some on his palms.
—”  His hands desperately clutched Steve’s shoulders, nails digging hard enough through the material of Steve’s shirt to leave marks.
What they were doing at that moment was already so different from the frantic desperation of their first time.
Steve doesn’t even have a chance to respond before Tony smears the remains of the cupcake all over his face and body.
So Steve rounded up the rest of the team after breakfast, and after putting on their best disguises, made the trek over to the Theater District.
When the team re-convened in the middle of all of the wreckage, Tony had opened up a compartment in his armor and pulled out a bag of licorice.
“I don’t care.  We could have sex on the balcony?” Steve suggested. “Or I could give you a blow job and finger you until you come?  We still haven’t tried out that new toy you made for me.  I can fuck you nice and slow, or I can fuck you so hard you won’t be able to sit for a
“Not on your life,” Natasha interrupted. “Pretty sure you can count Sam out too considering he’s already gotten sick three times this morning.”
“I don’t wanna go away,” Steve replied, peppering kisses on Tony’s face. “I wanna stay here with you.”
It was a candid of all of the Howling Commandos, including Peggy, Howard, and Colonel Phillips, on one of their very few days off.  They were stationed in France that night, and Bucky, Jim, Gabe and Howard thought it would be a brilliant idea to get rip-roaring drunk on some questionable wine.  The aforementioned were draped across the card table in various states of drunkenness, while everyone else looked on with a mixture of amusement and disapproval.
Steve toes his shoes off and nonchalantly throws them onto a nearby pile in the sand, as if the mountain of footwear
“Depends.” Steve sidles up to him, backing him against the work bench. “Are we going to the same place you took me to the last two times?” he asks, leaning in so their noses are almost touching.
Bruce feels his face heat up and scrambles back to the elevator, furiously pressing the button for his own lab.
“I had a good night’s sleep,” Tony replied.  He turned off the stove, removing the sizzling bacon in the pan and transferring it to a plate.
Tony eagerly takes the cupcake  from Steve’s hand and kisses him square on the mouth. “Have I mentioned that I love you?” he says before taking a bite out of the sugary confection.
Steve runs over to his house and finds him sitting by himself on the floor of his room, mumbling absolute nonsense.  Steve gives him some water and helps him into bed, but Tony grabs his arm and asks him to stay.  Steve does.
“I’m glad neither of us is a girl,” Tony muses, gently rocking ‘James’ in his arms to get it to stop crying (the name was retaliation for Rhodey and Bucky’s incessant teasing the day they were assigned the project).
So Tony found poker buddies in Clint and Thor, had Bruce as his partner-in-crime in the lab, and chatted about the latest episode of
“Why would I?” Rhodey retorts.  “I was getting so tired of listening to you waxing poetic about his bravery and his leadership and his
Tony’s hands instinctively move up and clutch at Steve’s shoulders bringing him impossibly closer. He feels the vibrations of Steve’s laugh course through his body and Tony can’t imagine a day without having this, let
“Steve and I are very close friends,” Peggy says wistfully. “Some would even say ‘too close.’ It’s probably why things didn’t work out between us.”
For instance, it was actually Bruce—not Tony—who gave the team more grief about keeping a healthy work schedule.  Sure, the man could be the voice of reason when Tony, Clint, and Thor had really stupid and reckless ideas, but trying to get him out of his lab was harder than keeping Tony away from caffeine.
admit you’re reckless,” Tony gloated.  He merged onto the street, surprised but thankful at the lack of traffic—at least they’d get to the restaurant sooner.
“You don’t know that,” Tony snaps. “Of course, I want to see him.  But I know that I’m just gonna end up letting him down again.”
“Steve,” Tony says, his voice low enough that the hitch in his breath is almost unnoticeable. “Who’s getting married?”
Tony’s 15 when Steve’s first sex tape leaks on the internet, and he only knows this because he remembers noticing a tabloid with the unoriginal headline, “Rogers Sex Tape Scandal!” while trying to buy beer with a fake ID.  The second thing he notices is how
Steve, and all of the team.  Steve had initially found out about Tony’s palladium poisoning from Natasha, albeit accidentally.  It wasn’t until after Steve had moved into the tower—after a late night conversation with Tony himself—that Steve had found out the severity of the entire situation.  When Tony and Pepper finally broke up, Steve hadn’t known what to expect, so he’d braced himself for the worst.
Steve groaned and clawed pathetically at Tony’s shirt. “C’mon, Tony.  This is ridiculous. I love you, you know that,” he said. “I love everything about you.”
Steve can still feel Tony’s gaze boring into his skull, but the last thing he wants to do is look him in the eye.  He doesn’t know if he’ll be able to handle the rejec—
Steve leaned over the side of the bed and reached into the nightstand.  He rummaged through the contents before taking out a small, black velvet box and gently nudging it into Tony’s hand.
The sheets were bunched at Tony’s waist, and Steve watched the steady rise and fall of his chest as he breathed, still deep in sleep.  Tony’s head burrowed further into the pillows, letting Steve catch a glimpse at the purplish bruise he left on Tony’s neck.  Steve probably should’ve felt bad— the mark was going to be hell to cover up, especially for business functions—but he loved seeing his mark on Tony’s neck as if Tony was…
“Look,” Steve starts, “Up until a few months ago, I didn’t think I’d ever fall in lo—feel this way,” he corrects himself, but it’s too late, because Tony’s already heard it.  “I was… content with my relationships, because they helped fill the void—if only temporarily.  But
Tony had to agree: he didn’t know how long he would’ve lasted in the superhero business if he didn’t have the rest of the team at his side.  The last thing Tony wanted was to go back to those days when he worked alone.
The interviewer asks Tony if he’d like to answer questions too, but Tony declines as politely as he can and gets back to doing his own work—he knows he’ll probably have to do these things at some point, but he isn’t ready. Not yet.
He sits up, the sheets pooling at his waist, and stretches before getting to his feet and walking over to the expansive floor-to-ceiling windows in his suite.  He’s completely bare, and he shivers slightly from the air conditioning in the room.  For a split-second, he regrets leaving the warmth of his bed, but the city is just so beautiful this late… or maybe it’s early, who really knows anymore?
Tony was scribbling notes on the schematics for his newest armor when Steve entered the room and dropped down on the couch next to him.
just look through the records on the computer himself and find a way to bypass security, but the last thing he wants is to piss off the staff enough to ban him from the hospital completely.  “Can’t you tell them I’m here or something?”
Bruce makes the discovery when he goes down to Tony’s lab to go over the results of a few experiments he’s finished recently.  He senses that something is off the moment he steps out of the elevator: the lights in the lab are turned down low, and the accompanying silence is actually
“Okay, that’s enough,” Steve interjected. “Here’s a crazy idea: what if we all just butted out of each other’s love lives?”
No, he isn’t a virgin by any means, but he does like to take things slow.  The others call him ‘old fashioned,’ but the thing is, he’s just never been comfortable having sex with someone he barely knows.
“But it’s not enough,” Steve said.  His hands dropped back to his sides, and Tony found himself desperately missing his touch. “Whatever I do will never be enough; not for you.  I want to give you the
“Awww, how nice,” Clint cooed, and that was all the warning the couple got before Thor snapped a photo on his camera.
so the following is just a small fraction of the content that was created by me, onemuseleft/nightwalker, pensversswords, and unsentpromises.  Some is in fic form, some is just rambling... I'm hoping to turn this into an actual full-fledged fic one day. :)
"Hm… maybe."  Tony pops another cookie in his mouth and holds the plate out towards Steve. "Want one?"
“Nothing,” he says, but Steve still looks skeptical. "I just… I like this,” Tony adds. “Just being with you is more than enough.”
“Tony was made aware of the risks,” Thor reasoned. “Nothing you do will make him want to reverse what he has done.”
Tony snorted. “You must not know a lot of people,” he joked, but Steve didn’t look the least bit amused.
He wasn’t drunk, but he was definitely getting there.  What had scared Steve the most, however, was how
"The one and only," Steve replies with a grin.  "Shall we?" he asks, gesturing to the chair he's pulled out for him.
“Wanna go out sometime?” Tony asks, looking down at Steve.  They’re lying on the couch in Tony’s workshop—or rather, Steve’s lying down, and Tony’s sprawled on top of him. “We could go to dinner?  Maybe a show or something.”
“Good,” he answered.  She hadn’t given any indication otherwise. “She’s stressing out over the wedding, but other than that, she seems okay.”
Tony put his hand up to shush him. “Just hear me out, Steve.  Can you really tell me that you’re performing to your true potential?”
Tony’s hands framed Steve’s face—they were roughened and hard after years of working, but his touch was gentle, and Steve leaned into it.  He loved it, loved the feeling of Tony’s skin against his, and Steve knew that he would never get tired of the underlying crackle of electricity that pulsed in Steve’s veins.
Tony gives him a look of deep and utter gratitude. “Thank you,” he says sincerely. “I don’t even… I can’t imagine how difficult things must have been…”
“I only brought it up because I love you!  Yes, it would be nice if we could just tell everyone about us, but just being with you is so much more important than that.”
They need to move. The sooner they get this done, the sooner they can put this pathetic mission behind them and get gone. They’re just burning daylight by this point, of which there isn’t much here to begin with. There’s no use in sitting around twiddling his thumbs waiting for Rogers to gear up for a fight that’s not even going to happen -- well, assuming they don’t piss each other off and end up trading punches themselves. In forethought that might not be such a bad outcome; blowing off some steam -- that’s good for morale, no?
He must be going a bit crazy too, cause that spot of green at the end of what the other man called fifth avenue, the disposition of the buildings and the streets, everything seems eerily reminiscent of the actual street. And that’s impossible.
But he isn’t; he’s imminently broke and alone in an unknown version of his hometown. And it doesn’t look like anyone’s going to come to his rescue.
There are hands on his head, holding him under, and he opens his mouth to breathe but there’s only water. Water in his eyes, water in his mouth, water in his throat, rushing down to his lungs. They’re drowning him. He’s going to die. He doesn’t want to, but he can’t tell them. He can’t build them what they want.
Science hasn’t seen the force of nature that is a motivated Tony Stark with a single goal in mind yet. He’ll find the resources, and he’ll do the research and he’ll be damned if he doesn’t actually find a way home again. He’s Tony fucking Stark, he once hacked the pentagon on a dare, he can find a way to revert the accidental miracle of science he single handedly performed, pissed drunk, on a wednesday night.
“Jarvis, buddy. Tell me that’s not what I think it is,” Tony pleads, ignoring Rogers’ continuously increasing questions.
The animal stares at the offered limb for a few seconds in apparent apprehension, until curiosity wins out and it take a few steps forwards, sniffing at it.
He opens his wallet and counts what he still has in it. A couple crumpled fifty-dollar notes and a hundred-dollar one, plus some spare change. Good, that should be enough to get him home. He just had to find out where here was, hopefully he was still in New York.
“Oh, you go on without me, I need to do some shopping,” Tony pipes up, pointing a thumb towards the window.
Tony gives them the finger, watching in satisfaction as a look of outrage blooms on their faces and saunters over to drinks mobile stand he spotted a few yards away.
even is. It looks like his world, sure, a past version of it, but nothing guarantees him that events will play out exactly the same. It isn’t his universe, after all, not really -- if what he thinks happened actually happened. It might
Rogers’ still here, though, and there’s a strange look to his eyes. He seems worried. Why is he worried? Doesn’t he know it’s Tony inside the armor?
There’s a strange burning feeling in his chest, and his head feels impossibly heavy. So does his armor, now that he notices. It’s like a crushing weight on his shoulders. How does he usually manobrate this thing?
The man lets out another chuckle, obviously entertained by his self-assuredness and quick response. Joke’s on him though, the task he’s just been assigned couldn't be easier. He could change an alternator in his sleep. Perhaps he’ll give the car a once over afterwards, study its machinery. He should familiarize himself with the current state of mechanics, after all.
All he needs to do is surrender -- stop fighting, stop struggling -- and it’ll stop hurting. He has to let the water in.
When he feels he’s eaten as much as he can without getting nauseous, he sets his plate aside and looks up at the other men. The conversation has shifted from girls to the construction on ninth street they appear to be having a hand in. Perhaps he can ask them if they know where he could go looking for a job himself.
Rogers lifts his shield and brings it crashing down on the fortified steel door in an impressive display of strength and speed -- well, it
There’s nothing else mentioned for the morris, so he puts the chart back and gives the car a check over himself. He lowers it to the ground and inspects the brake pads, which are looking a little worn. He makes a mental note to tell Larry about it and moves on to the tires. They aren’t new, but they aren’t that bad yet, and they pass the penny inspection just so when he whips one out to test them.
“Forget it,” Tony cuts in, giving a dismissive wave of his hand, “Thought you were someone else. But you’re evidently more… scrawny.”
Barnes frowns, probably because of Tony’s sudden change in demeanor, and lets go of his hand, stepping back.
“Being a four-year consecutive teenage heartthrob takes work.” Tony shrugs, knowing full well the wording would go over Barnes head.
He puts the schematics away and turns the screens off before lowering the ramp of the jet. Immediately, gelid air rushes inside the aircraft, lowering the nice toasty weather in the cockpit to almost sub-zero temperatures. He feels the cold permeate his very bones, his breaths starting to condense in the air in mere seconds.
Admitting temporary defeat against the sun, he groans and shoves the flimsy blanket doing a poor job of protecting him against the cold December air -- they don’t even have heating,
He’s stuck, in what appears to be New York city of the 1940s. He has no idea how he got here, but he knows that he got drunk in his lab the night before, which meant he probably tried to do some drunk science.
He turns around, surprised at the spontaneous outburst of aggressive behaviour. What the hell? Usually he has to work a bit harder to get this much of a rise out of Rogers. He looks riled too, all two hundred pounds of muscle wound up and ready to strike.
Cadillacs and Bentleys, every single man is walking around all decked out in a dark suit ensemble, complete with a fedora and everything.
If this is prank, it’s reaching unimaginable and unrealistic proportions. Who would want to inflict this kind of misery on him? Ok, maybe he can think of a few people, but would they actually have the resources and creativity to think this up and pull it off? He thinks not.
He spots a bar that seems less reputable, judging from the look of the people loitering on the street before it, and steps inside. The stray doesn’t follow him in this time.
Rogers glowers at him in response, all coiled muscles and sparking blue eyes. “We still need a plan. It could be a trap.”
He slips under the door and takes a look inside, heading further into the garage. The interior is relatively small. There’s a couple of cars -- two rovers and a morris -- but not room for much else. The morris is on a rotary car lift, which seems to be the only one in the shop, and one of the rovers has the hood open, its outdated enginery in plain sight.
He takes a few steps closer and gets a glimpse of the man’s face as he slightly raises his head to shoot a look at the Brooklyn bridge.
The man eyes him with an appraising look, apparently not very impressed with the view if the face he makes is anything to go by. Tony might not be built these irregular-sized joes, but he’s filled up nicely from all the mechanic work he does, if he can say so himself. He isn’t really looking to become a bricklayer, though, he’d prefer something where he could at least pretend he’s putting his uniquely developed set of skills to use.
He tips to the side, trying to scramble on the floor, but he can’t make use of his limbs, they’re all heavy and confined, as if he’d been stuffed in concrete. And he can’t escape the sizzling pain in his chest. It
He shakily pulls out a quarter and places it on the waiting hand, taking his hot dog with the other and hoping the man doesn’t look at the series number too closely.
The man is lean and scrawny, he could almost be mistaken for a child where he sat doubling over himself to doodle on the notebook propped open on his thighs. There was something very oddly familiar about him though.
He also really wants to avoid any and all interaction with anything closely related to Steve Rogers, which is not turning out well for him. Barnes has been trying to get him to talk all day long, and no matter how many vague replies and sullen silences Tony offers in return, nothing seems to shake him.
“You could say that,” Tony drawls, squinting against the morning light. “Happen to know where we are?”
Barnes pauses next to him, glancing at the indicated tailor shop. He looks back at Tony and raises an eyebrow.
Once he makes it into Brooklyn, he asks around for the most affordable boarding houses to look for and is directed to Brooklyn heights.
He looks around for the alternator inside the engine bay, finding it regrettably out or reach. He’ll have to use the lift to get to it.
He spots some loose change one of the tool tables as he works, and surreptitiously changes it out with the coins he has. He suspects the change is only there for the same purpose he just used his own penny for, so it’s not like he’s harming anyone by switching it out. Most people he’s had to use money with don’t even notice it’s ‘over’-dated anyway. Who knew Tony Stark would end up money laundering on the daily?
He needs to buy them more time. If one of them is awake when they come through that door, they might stand a fighting chance.
“Oh, I wouldn’t want to drag him into this,” Tony said quickly. “Nonsense!” Thor said. “I’m sure Steve would love to go with you.” “Go to what?” Steve asked again.
There are a few times that Tony thinks he comes close, but ultimately, they never want that from him (it’s always just his ideas, his money, and his power).  No one that’s ever expressed interest in ever
No one moves, not even when Steve’s cries become louder and Thor and Carol escort him out of the room.
Steve sucked down when he moved away, and Tony reveled in the feeling and pushed back into the heat of Steve’s mouth. Steve watched him, paying no mind to his own arousal which looked thick and aching where it was trapped behind his zipper.
“Stop it,” Tony said.  He ignored Steve’s pleading eyes; ignored the feeling of Steve’s warm body pressed against his own when Steve climbed onto his lap; ignored the way Steve snaked his arms around Tony’s waist.
Tony panics, eyes darting from Steve’s face, to the hand on his arm, to the elevator doors sliding shut behind them.  ”Steve, I really can’t do this right now.”
.” Steve groans as Tony abruptly lowers himself onto Steve’s cock.  His grip on Tony’s hips tightens involuntarily. “You’re amazing.”
—that makes you a more productive member of society?” Steve retorted. “I know you two mean well, but you guys weren’t listening when I was telling you what was and wasn’t working for me.”
“You’re not gonna learn everything overnight,” Tony replied, which was the truth.  What Tony neglected to mention was that he needed that time to relearn the basics himself.
to each other.  Tony still wasn’t sure how much of a part Loki had had in their very rocky start, because yes, Tony knew he thought pretty highly of himself, but even stooping so low as to actively pick a fight with anyone other than someone like Justin Hammer was very out of character for him.
“Afternoon, gentlemen,” Pepper says sweetly, and before Tony can escape, she adds: “Steve, Tony thinks your eyes are pretty, too.”
someone.  Tony feels like he should be pissed at Steve for basically turning his whole life upside-down, but he can’t find it in himself to care.
Tony’s eyes go completely round and then Steve watches as his nose turns red, the color slowly bleeding out across his cheekbones until he’s brick red from chin to hairline.  Steve beams at him. “Red is a good color for you.”
But even supersoldiers eventually run out of patience, and Steve finally draws the line after Tony momentarily leaves the room after a couple of rounds in the sack, only to come back with a half-full box of double-chocolate cupcakes.
Steve fell into an easy friendship with Tony, and falling into a relationship with him seemed like the most natural thing in the world.
Tony steeled himself and pushed the door open, freezing in place when he came face to face with the man in question, and Tony suddenly couldn’t
. He has more blood on his hands than he would like to admit—more sins to atone for than actual redeeming qualities. Every one that he’s ever cared about was put in harm’s way
“Why not here?” Tony murmured against his skin.  “I could get down on my knees,” he suggested, his fingers resting above the button of Steve’s jeans.  “I could—”
“Okay, I take back my earlier statement,” Tony said, his eyes raking over Steve’s body appreciatively.
“Good to know,” Tony replied. “Just… stop with this self-sacrificial bullshit, okay?  I knew what I was getting into when I started dating you, and this isn’t going to scare me off.”  If anything, Tony actually felt
seems more appropriate—in front of the television, dressed in a navy blue suit.  An older couple is seated at the two arm chairs opposite the television, both dressed in impeccable clothes.
Tony puts his soldering iron down, strips off his gloves and goggles, and makes his way over to Steve.  He wraps his arms around the blond’s torso, and Steve buries his face into the crook of Tony’s neck, inhaling the scent of metal and a hint of ivory soap.
.  He loved when Natasha lost her cool—reveled in it, really—but the last thing he wanted to do at the moment was deal with their petty squabbles.
Tony tried to look away, but it didn’t take long at all to realize that Steve was right.  It felt like the dog was staring into the very depths of his
Some days, Tony will be so immersed in his work that the only acknowledgement Steve will get is a ‘hello’ and a quick peck on the cheek before the genius is back to coding or wiring or… whatever it is he does.  But Steve just walks over to the worn leather couch in the corner of the room and listens to the sounds of the workshop until they lull him to sleep: the steady hum of the machinery in the background, or the subtle beeping coming from Dummy’s charging station.
Tony leaves Steve notes too.  He gives Steve a card for every holiday that Hallmark thinks merits a card, and he writes messages on their bathroom mirror with a dry-erase marker the same shade of blue as Steve’s uniform, and leaves hastily scribbled notes and post-its in places around the tower that Steve frequents the most.
"Oh. Oh, uh… that.  Right.  Um,” Tony walks over to Steve’s bike, beckoning the other man to follow. “I’m actually waiting for my assistant to get back with the parts."
Pepper is also the one that takes a photo of Tony’s slack-jawed face when Tony sees Steve, dressed to the nines in a dark blue suit, waiting for him at the table.  She pats Tony on the back before making her exit.
“Tell me,” the other man urged, setting a slow but steady pace with his hand. “It’s just us.  There’s no one around to hear us,” he added.  He pressed a kiss to the side of Steve’s mouth.  “It’s just us,” he repeated. “Just you and me.”
Tony was almost positive the team didn’t know since the rest of them lived on other floors, which was perfectly fine since there was absolutely no need to publicize their unconventional arrangement.
want to tell Steve about his nightmare.  Tony desperately wants to tell him everything; wants to make Steve understand
“No, I mean, for… what you did earlier,” Tony clarifies. “I know you think it’s nothing, but I really do appreciate it.”
The kiss had started out innocently enough, but then Tony raised his hand to clutch at Steve’s robe and draw him closer, and it seemed that was all the permission Steve needed to deepen it.  One of Steve’s hands settled on Tony’s waist while the other cupped Tony’s face, gently urging him to tilt his head.  Tony obliged, barely registering that Steve had pulled away before the man slotted their mouths together again.
“Whose fault is that?” Steve shot back.  It was a low blow, but he really didn’t have the patience to deal with this right now. “You really don’t have to do this.”
Natasha notices Steve emerge from the balcony.  He walks with purpose, not like the wallflower he usually plays at these functions.  She fully expects him to seek her out like he usually does: they often kept each other company while the rest of the team (mainly Tony) makes nice with the rest of the guests.
“You’re kidding me, right?” Natasha huffs angrily when he doesn’t respond. “So you're really gonna do this?  Fine,” she says. "He has no idea that you're even here.  You could walk out of this hospital right now and Sam and I can act like we never saw you, and you can pretend that you didn't spent an entire day fishing for his
They’ve talked about marriage a few times in passing over the course of the five years they’ve been together, but it’s always been
Tony attention goes back to Steve: his face is bruised, one eye dark and seemingly swollen shut, and stitches on the edge of his mouth.  More bruises and bandages peek out from under the pale hospital gown.  He looks worse than Tony has ever seen him.
“Does every team have giant creepy paintings of themselves in their living rooms?” Clint asked skeptically.  He looked like he was debating the merits of shooting a few arrows into the eight-foot-tall canvas.  “When did you even get this done?  We’ve never posed for a photo.
Steve’s never seen Tony so vulnerable before.  Of course, Steve has known for a while that beneath the brash exterior, Tony’s a man constantly looking for reassurance, but to see it is an entirely different story.
Tony rinsed off and stepped out of the shower, wrapping a towel around his waist before returning to his bedroom.  He rifled through one of his drawers for a pair of sweatpants and a tshirt.  He slipped them on and dried off his hair, before grabbing his tablet and walking down the hall to Steve’s room.
Tony burrowed his face in the crook of Steve’s neck. “You know I love you, right?” he murmured against Steve’s skin.
“Fine.  You want to be swept off your feet?” Steve says, and without further warning, he picks Tony up in a bridal carry and carries him toward the bedroom. “I’ll sweep you off your feet, all right."
“The date, Tasha,” Steve clarifies. His voice is surprisingly steady given his entire body has been shaking from nerves since he found the papers in the dusty leather folder over an hour ago. “Look at the date.”
“Sure, Tony.  Can’t say I was much of a help though,” Steve said in a poor attempt to lighten mood, but Tony was looking anywhere but at him.
It’s Steve who pulls away a minute later, albeit reluctantly.  Tony’s considering pulling him back in before Steve speaks:
“Perhaps it would be better if I took that before you go in to meet the King and Queen,” Phil suggests.
“It’s better than waiting for me to mess up.” Tony looks at the ground, avoiding Steve’s stare. “It’s going to happen.  Trust me, it’s better this way.”
They settle at the table with a pizza and a six-pack, and they talk for hours.  Steve doesn’t have to be a genius to know that Tony is good-looking, what with his dark hair and crystal blue eyes and evidently toned physique (“I do a lot of manual labor in my lab,” Tony had said earlier).
“Look, I understand a little better now why you didn’t think it would be a good idea to tell any of us,” Steve says, and he sounds so tired, “and I’m sorry.”
Tony’s situated at his work bench, fine tuning something in one of the gauntlets of the Mark XLV.  His hair is in disarray, there’s a band-aid on cheek, and a dark smudge on his right arm.  The man looks up and peers at Steve through his safety goggles (which are so scratched that Steve’s surprised the man can see through them at all anymore) and he smiles.  Knowing the smile is directed at him—
A garage job. Nice. He doesn’t know much about the particulars of cars in the 1940s, and how badly they’ll differ from what he’s used to in the future, but he’s a fast learner -- and cars are a secret passion of his. He once assembled his own eight cylinder flat four engine on a personal old project of his.
Holy shit, are the hot dogs actually being sold for twenty cents each? You can barely get a hot dog under two dollars and a half within a ten-mile radius of central park. This crazy land has its perks after all. Not that money is usually a problem for him.
Wait. Wasn’t he supposed to be in his lab? This is definitely not his lab. This is a random back alley with smelly scraps of old burger meat and fish bones tossed around in God knows where. How the fuck did he get here?
like him he was at every chance his father got, there was a never ending collection of memorabilia and old records and photos dedicated to the man back in his dad’s office back in the manor.
He juggles the device in one hand, throwing it up and catching it as it falls back down to his hand.
“Stay in the quinjet, then,” Tony bites out, rolling his eyes as he turns his back and starts heading towards the building’s entrance. “Close the ramp and turn up the heaters, I’ll be back in a jiffy.”
Well, drinking himself into oblivion for a second time didn’t work. He has no fucking clue what to do now. Fuck.
It proves not to be the best tactic. Rogers is less than appeased, evidently growing irritated by the second.
Rogers whirls around to face him, regular scowl already planted on his face, and Tony holds up a hand to shut him up when he opens his mouth, doubtlessly to tear Tony a new one.
Because this is an ancient model, the hood release is in the bumper, making his work easier. Its insides will do anything but aid him, however. The only time he’s ever seen enginery like this is behind museum glass. Everything's pretty much in the same place as it is in the modern day, though, thankfully.
The warehouse plant had shown the next room as another simple division of the building, but if he were conducting super secret bad-guy power experiments, he would definitely do it in the fortified heavy concrete vault omitted in the plants.
“Sir, you’re suffering the effects of oxygen deprivation,” Jarvis explains, sounding sad. Jarvis! He’s here, he’s-- no, wrong Jarvis. Person Jarvis is dead and buried. Tony went to the funeral, he should know. Maybe that’s why he’s sad. Do AI’s get sad?
He has short brown hair — a little on the darker side — in a style typical of this era. He’s built stronger than Tony, and taller, but Tony would wager he’s still handier with a wrench than tall and handsome over there.
The boarding house is almost entirely populated by men, all of which are already up and about. Were all people early risers in the forties? How deplorable.
So, the pumps have to stop. Probably at a low oxygen percentage, low enough to take them out fast and efficiently. Which means they still won’t have enough time even if they start now.
“Not exactly, but I’m between homes right now,” Tony says, figuring he should keep his story as close to the truth as possible. It was the foundation of the lying method after all: keep your story as resembling to your real situation as you can so as to avoid getting caught up in your own lies and making mistakes -- deception one-o-one. Tony had plenty of practice in it.
The corner of his mouth quirks up in amusement as the dog apparently loses any shred of a grudge he was keeping and starts pushing insistently at his open palm with his muzzle. Tony scratches behind the mutt’s ear and stands up, brushing the dirt off his clothes.
Tony blinks his eyes open-- when had they closed? The steady burning feeling in his chest is increasing, like someone kept tossing kindling to the fire. He feels strange--bad. His head hurts and his hair is sticking uncomfortably to his forehead inside the helmet, wet. He feels a drop of sweat run down his face.
“Alright, should be smooth sailing then. Tell Rhodey I’ll make it back in time for that dinner he keeps pestering me about.”
"Yes sir. Contacting the avengers now." Within minutes each member had piled into the living room one by one. Tony smiled as he waited for everyone.
Well uh there it is chapter three. I wrote it in the middle of class so I hope it isn't too bad. Uh yeah angsty.
In all honesty he wasn’t sure. With the recent events Steve wanted to believe that their friend was alive. But at the same time he wasn't sure Tony was the same man he once knew. Tony was always this extravagant, crazy, confident, genius.Not to mention stubborn amongst other things. The last few weeks Tony was different, calm, mellow, and sad. It made Steve unsure.
call. If I really thought we couldn't handle it I wouldn't have had us go." he scoffed turning back to his work trying not to let himself shrink under the intense gaze of the bio soldier.
He had assumed that since he was one of Fury's agents now that Fury would have informed him. "Since when the hell were you retiring Iron Man?" Steve seemed to genuinely shocked.
He balled his fists at his sides trying to ground himself. He suddenly felt nervous that he was to be scolded again. In another attempt to avoid eye contact he turned to the cabinet to grab more glasses. he couldn't face them as he spoke. "Don't worry. This will still be Avengers tower and I'll be moving out as soon as possible." he paused turning back to grab the liquor. "If you're worried about money don't worry about that either. Stark industries will continue to fund the avengers." Before he could continue Barton cut him off.
"Look. Stark we understand you haven't been at your best since Cap left but why on earth would you want to step down.?" The asgardian spoke up causing Tony to frown.  None of them could figure out why cocky, overconfident, stubborn, billionaire, playboy Tony Stark would ever actually back down from leadership. As well as to get help from Fury?
Their conversation was cut short with Friday interrupting them. "Avengers Falcon has requested everyone meet in the living room immediately. They all stopped and looked at each other before turning to walk to the shared living space.
He felt his heart sink. "Mr. Rogers sir. . Tony. . he's in there." Steve turned to face the spiderling eyes wide. "He had told me about his plans to visit the facility. He had canceled our usual study session. ." The panic was evident in young avengers eyes. "Oh god cap. ."
"Alright let's get this meeting started shall we?" Fury cleared his throat. "As you all know Tony will be retiring Iron Man. Which means we need to discuss who will be leading the avengers. Steve stood up wide eyes leaving Tony confused.
Steve sighed. “I don’t know Nat. Unless he had another suit lying around I don’t think he got out of there.” His eyes met her. “Nat, I don't think he made it. .” He didn’t want to cry and he usually didn’t but over time Tony became pretty much the closest person to Steve after he woke up in this brand new crazy world. He had pushed Tony away.
Tony sat in his lab, a soft glow from his screen illuminating his room. An hour had passed since his accidental reveal of his plans of retirement and more than half the shot glasses were empty. Tony felt tired as he rested his head against his desk. He was going to miss this place thought surely he'd build himself a nice lab in his future home.
The team had gotten back from another mission. Tony hadn't slept well in weeks since Cap left. Often he found himself working day and night in the lab trying to keep his mind occupied. When he wasn't working or in he field he found himself drinking until he blacked out to avoid thinking. This all began to take a toll on his abilities to think and work in the field and it was starting to show.
"But you're our tech genius. You know we always come to you. Cmon Tony you can step down from leadership but you don't need to retire and leave the tower." Tony smiled to himself. He was glad Clint had thought so highly of him. That at some point he was at least some what useful.
Stark leaned back in his chair as he tried to shake the thoughts from his head, he hadn't taken his meds and he knew this would end poorly. But it was too late he could feel the anxiety and panic begin to build. Suddenly he found himself gripping the arms of his chair fighting to calm himself down before it worsened. But the thoughts continued to flood his head.
So I was going to wait a bit to post the second chapter but I wrote a lot of the first chapter while I had free time in class and I'm a little too excited not to post it. I won't really have like update days but now that I have uploaded chapters one and two I'll try and post new chapters Sunday and Monday. Uh I hope this isn't too bad and again I apologize for any grammar or spelling mistakes in advance.
He would miss it all. He liked his work. He loved the team and working with them in the field. But both Steve and Natasha were right. He wasn't fit to lead. He was selfish and reckless just like they had said.
"It wasn't that he was weak minded. Tony was dealing with a lot more than he lead on or said to anyone else." He started slowly. "He was on anxiety medications, he was seeing a therapist for his nightmares. We all know that Tony is an insomniac. He was dealing with saving the world, helping us with a million other things, while also helping Pepper run the company from time to time. Not to mention he handles most of our legal issues."
"Sam? What is it?" Steve asked calmly. Sam was standing in the living room eyes glued to the tv. Confused as to why the boy hadn't answered Steve slowly followed his gaze to the tv. Steve's brows furrowed as he saw the local news station. He squinted his eyes as he read the headline. 'Stark Industries In New York Catches Fire After Chemical Spill."
He was left alone in his office with his thoughts. He let out a shaky breath he turned to face the window overlooking the city.
Tony took a step back and shook his head. "But I'm not joking." He tried to make his tone and expression as serious as he possibly could. "I talked to Fury the other day and he's already helping me decide who'll take lead once I'm gone." There it was again that shocked, confused, and worried expression on the faces of his teammates.
Mmm okay now we kinda getting somewhere but sorry for the uh late updates. I have had a bit of a busy week. Uh I've had a lot of club meetings and I have finals this week. I had birthday dinners both weekends and I also had  volunteer work to do yesterday so I just hadn't had anytime to upload a new chapter.
"He made his choice, Hawkeye, if hew as too weak minded to deal with it then that's on him." She spat bitterly not really meaning it. Now it was Bruce's turn to speak up. He understood why Nat would be mad at Tony. Tony had spent all this time questioning both Clint and Natasha's loyalty to the team. Questioning if they were on their side or Fury's. He questioned their loyalty and he was the one who left.
"I think it's beset we just leave Tony alone." Natasha started. Clint scoffed and stood up walking over to Natasha. She glared at the man. "What is it Hawkeye? Got something to say? Speak up." She confronted.
Tony sighed. "I thought you'd be overjoyed." He laughed sadly. "If you wanted to know the truth Cap I've gotten worse." He said bitterly. "At this point I don't even know if the medication is working anymore." Tony let out a sigh.
"Hey Steve you alright . .? You kinda just walked off and everyone wanted me to come an check on you." Steve felt a dip in the mattress as Nat had found a seat next to him. She placed a hand on his shoulder. "Steve, you know I think he's still out there. Stark may be reckless but this? This just doesn't feel right and what Fury said?" She paused. 'You and I both know that was a load of crap."
"Tony we need to talk." Nat started, Tony giving a small hum of acknowledgement. "You need to get your shit together Stark. You can't keep leading us in this state." She sighed keeping her tone steady like usual. "Your reckless choices are putting us at risk Tony. Today it was only a broken arm and a concussion but one day what if that's not all." There was a pause. "What if one day you lead us to our deaths."
He sighed and glanced over to the shot glasses before downing another glass. But growing up with his parents always too busy for him he practically never had family. But over time he began to consider the avengers his family. But now he was losing everything all over again and he only had himself to blame.
Tony quickly walked away leaving the team to get to know FRIDAY. He made his way into what was left of his lab and sat on the counter pulling out his meds. In a rush to get the new system set up he had nearly forgotten to take his pills. It was going to be a long day.
benefit and it put the whole planet in danger." Tony knew he was in the wrong. What he had done was selfish and a stupid choice for a supposed genius. The guilt had begun to was over him and he couldn't find it in him to meet the soldier's eyes. "Tony! Are you even listening to me?" Steve stopped placing his hands at the edge of Tony's desk.
With that Tony removed his hand from Steve's shoulder making his way out of the bathroom before Steve could continue this conversation. Tony just wanted to get away. he needed to. He wanted to be at home in his room where he could let his emotions go. Where he didn't have to play the role of cocky billionaire Tony Stark.
He could hear Fury begin to shuffle through items on the other end. "Look Rogers I'll try my best to get someone in there. But. . it's highly unlikely I'll be able to do anything." Steve called bullshit. Fury sighed. "It was a fire and some kind of chemical spill. It's big and it's dangerous. We don't even know what chemicals Stark was working with so I'm sorry."
He made his way back up into the living room. "Alright FRIDAY. I have your first task. Call the avengers to meet me in the living room." Tony knew it would work. Why wouldn't it work? He created it after all.
." he began to raise his voice as he threw his hands up in defeat. "If this is what the Avengers is about I want no part in whatever the hell you're trying to accomplish." Steve paused for a moment. "You know I was wrong about you. You're nothing like you're father."  Tony paused as Steve continued. "You tarnish your father's legacy. Your father. He wanted to do everything he could for the benefit of the people. But you? You're just a selfish, billionaire prick Tony."
'Hello Avengers. I'm FRIDAY." They looked at each other and for a moment their silence caused Tony to grow worried. But soon they turned and smiled at him. He had let go of the breath he didn't even realize he was holding.
"So I would like to announce that Steven Grant Rogers will now be leading the avengers." They all looked at each other in shock. So this was the reason that they had called in Cap.
"Nick. Tony is still in there. According to Pete he had canceled their usual meetup in order to visit the facility. He hasn't made it our yet Fury." He explained trying not to sound as desperate as he did but he failed. Even though the two weren't on the best of terms at the moment Tony was still his friend. "Can we send any one in?"
Steve turned to face them. "Now that's enough we don't need to be fighting amongst each other." He was getting irritated now. "It won't be good if we have a situation in the field and our own team is arguing with each other." Clint shot Steve a glare.
The people in front of him eventually get their orders and scurry off to get away from him in a very not inconspicuous way. He rolls his eyes and steps forward.
Tony opens the suitcase and lets the automated mechanics do the rest. As soon as the armor closes around him, he feels a blast of warmth wash over him, the heating system instantly activating on power up. He lets out a relieved sigh, opening and closing his hands inside the gauntlets to fasten the warming. Bless Jarvis and his ability to read situational context.
Barnes nods and turns, walking away from the shop as Tony climbs the steps and pushes the door open.
Huh, he was still in his aged ac-dc shirt and oil stained sweat shorts, he hadn’t changed out of his workshop wear last night. Which means he hadn’t put much thought into his impromptu outing either.
Tony asks for a simple hot dog and fishes out his wallet while the man gets his order ready. The newspapers set in a pile on top of the counter catch his attention as he digs through his wallet for some coins.
He hears Rogers making his way down the hall to him, the telltale sign of vibranium cutting through the air telling him that the man just retrieved his oversized frisbee from his back harness hold.
He stretches out the sore muscles in his body, which are quite a few – the aftermath of passing out on a stone paved back alley – and stumbles out onto the street, followed by the dog.
It doesn’t look like much, the poor thing. It’s thin as a rake and its dull walnut fur is dirty and matted in thick knots. It was probably hungry.
He frowns, annoyance of his own brewing up to the surface in response. A gust of wind shakes the trees outside and Rogers bristles harder, his gaze steeling with the cold-- the
He whips around, surprised, and finds a man, about his own age, staring at him with a frown on his face. He’s wearing old tattered clothes, like Larry, black stains of what he guesses is oil on them as well. Looks like he won’t be working alone.
His lungs are burning. They’re on fire. He can’t breathe. Why can’t he breathe? Everything is on fire. He jerks his arms forward, brings them up to claw at his throat but they just hit something hard and solid.
He stuffs his previous clothes inside the case (it’s not like he’s getting rid of his band shirt, he loves that shirt) and in under ten minutes he’s out of the store, no longer sticking out like a sore thumb in the crowded streets of NY and on his way to Brooklyn.
“What? Stark what the hell are you doing?” Rogers’ voice rings loudly in his ear as the man plants a hand on top of his armored shoulder and physically forces him to turn and face him.
He really should have remembered that tiny little tidbit of information before going over there in the first place, but he hadn’t put two and two together until he saw Rogers himself sitting in that bench the day before.
So, this is kind of ironic since my parents technically own a car shop, but I don’t actually know anything about cars other than the quick research I did for this chapter, so, take this with a grain of salt — or the whole saltshaker, really
He reaches the warehouse’s heavy double doors and pushes them open, surveying the interior as he steps inside. It’s as empty as he was expecting, dust gathered on the floor and floating in the air, a few odd shoe prints scattered about. It’s basically just an empty space with a few windows and cracked walls -- due for a repaint. Nothing in the least bit exciting. What a bore.
He stumbles a few steps back and closes his eyes, taking a deep centering breath. He needs to stop freaking out and examine the situation. There’s always a way out. It may not be desirable but there has to be.
“There aren’t really open spots on the company right now, though I don’t think that’d be the best thing for ya.”
Tony rolls his eyes and turns his back on the obviously crazy man. He’s about to walk away when something strangely familiar gives him pause.
He loses count of time as he sits there, just waiting for something to happen. Perhaps for a hidden crowd to jump out and scream ‘Psyche’ at him, or maybe to wake up from an alcoholic coma to the figure of Rhodey giving him the glare of death from the hospital’s visiting chair. He’s just numbly waiting for the bizarre scene before him to disappear, and for things to return to normal.
It’s not like Tony tried to antagonize the guy on purpose -- ok, that’s a lie, he totally did - but come on, one couldn’t get pricklier than Rogers. The man was like a walking talking billboard for righteousness. Too bad he couldn’t fit a sense of humor in his square personality.
That had been the goal though. Forget. Forget about his absolute asshole of a father who somehow managed to wrap his fucking car around a tree, and his mother who—his mother—
His presence doesn’t go unnoticed for long, though. A woman in a flowery knee length dress and an impressively curly hairstyle walking on his side of the road shoots him a sneer before hurriedly crossing the street. A gang of men who were congregating in a small group outside what appeared to be a bar take notice of the action and start leering at him.
They’re successful about fifteen minutes into their search, coming across a small hot dog stand next to the lake. There are only three people in line, so thankfully the wait won’t be long.
“I’m from there too!” Barnes brightens immediately, a grin breaking across his face. “Best hood in Brooklyn, I’m telling you. I can walk you, I’m heading there too.”
The internet was an amazing place after all, and he was planning on making good use of it (meaning to hack into very juicy and interesting pages).
It’s not that different from 1991 New York, if you didn’t account for the vastly different clothing style. People were still hurrying off and onto the bridge, in the eternal hustle and bustle typical of NY, and there were even the occasional tourists around.
Also I recognize that it’s really improbable someone would get a job like that, but what can I say, Larry is one crazy mofo and I claim fanfiction-logic privileges
He’s about to head inside when something else catches his attention and he freezes. He stares at the familiar shape sitting on a bench facing the small garden outside one of the building complexes.
Tony digs out one of the crumpled fifty-dollar notes and slaps it on the counter. The man’s eyes widen in obvious shock, but he refrains from commenting as he fetches Tony the change. He doesn’t notice the wrong year on the note either.
He strolls back outside to drink himself into oblivion. Hopefully the next time he opens his eyes he’ll be home.
“He came in looking for a job,” Larry says as he steps out from the side room again, joining them in the garage.
The stranger grabs an oiled stained rag and tosses it at Larry in protest, who chuckles and catches it as it hits him in the shoulder.
Respite came in the form of fine clothing displayed in the window of a tailor’s shop they were currently passing. He’d been meaning to get some more era appropriate clothing, and it presented a perfect excuse to get rid of Barnes, so he jumped at the opportunity.
He tries to whip his head up, but he only manages a slow steady lift of his neck. It’s harder to move, it must be the armor-- it’s heavier, it is, that’s the problem.
Tony rolls around in the hard mattress, refusing to let the first rays of morning light chase him from the bed. He’s never awake before noon as a general rule, waking up with the sun because the boarding house he’s forced to crash in doesn’t even have enough money for decent blinds is the stuff of his nightmares. And it doesn’t look like he’s escaping this particular one anytime soon.
“No, sir. The building appears to remain unoccupied. I do not detect any traces of telecommunications, radiation or power surges in the vicinity,” the AI recounts, pulling up scan results to illustrate his calculations.
He takes about two minutes to figure out how to operate the old system, and soon enough, he has the car enough of a height up to look for the alternator.
. Understanding washes over Tonyr, making him momentarily forget his affronted surprise at Rogers’ behaviour. So
In the meantime, Larry has left him to the morris, retreating to the side room he’d come out of before. It must be his office; he’ll sneak a peek once he heads over that way.
Rogers has paused in front of him, his confusion so obvious it’s almost audible in the air. Tony powers the repulsors down and lets his arms fall back to his sides as he heads towards the table and the mystery device.
He’d rather not tell Barnes where he’s staying exactly, since he’s aware he lived in the vicinity, if not directly
“Who the hell do you think you are, Stark?” Rogers’ incensed voice argues as the man appears by his side, eyes sparking with self-righteous anger. ”You can’t go off half-cocked without a plan anymore! This is the whole point of the training missions--”
Tony grabs the bottle and takes a big mouthful of the liquid, feeling the familiar burn of alcohol light a path down his throat.
“Stark!” he hears Rogers’ angered shout from behind him, rising in volume as he ignores the calls and continues forward. “Get back here!”
The air is heavier, or is it gravity that grew? Regardless, it’s too tiring to stay standing, so Tony lets himself drop to a sitting position on the ground.
Tony diverts his attention away from the newcomer, whom he just realized he might have been staring a bit too intensely at, and looks back at Larry, letting a smug smile tug on his lips.
Things could be worse, though. The rent costs only about seven dollars a week and includes dinner, accommodations, laundry and cleaning. Thank god for inflation -- words he never thought he would find himself thinking.
Maybe if he gets drunk enough, he’ll wake up back in his home and everything will have been a stupid dream. Hey, it’s worked once before.
The man’s eyes take a while to focus on him, but he eventually responds in a raspy voice with, “Brooklyn and the Bronx have some boarding houses that will make you lower prices than any of the ratholes around here.” He gives a sluggish wave of his hand and burps.
He follows the voices down the stairs and into the dining room, where most of the tenants appear to have gathered. They all have dishes of what seems like scrambled eggs mixed with a few pitiful scraps of bacon in front of them.
Rogers finally breaks the silence after a while, the awkwardness likely proving to be too great for him, “Then how’d you know his name?”
“Don’t get too excited, you eager beaver. This room’s as deserted as the rest of the building,” Tony drawls, letting a smirk tug at his lips behind the iron man mask.
Tony gives a half-hearted shrug and resigns himself to his fate as Barnes falls into pace beside him.
, Steve Rogers in the forties. Which is, unfortunately, the same neighborhood he’s currently living in.
He hadn’t had one for years prior to last night, when he came up to his room and just… realized that this was it. There’s no way out of it, whatever it is. What he did isn’t correcting itself and he can’t fix it, not like this and not here -- he doesn’t have
“Home. I’m staying at a boarding house,” Tony explains, slipping into his jacket. Hopefully it’ll cover most of the stains.
He’d been meaning to look into a few Pym particle research papers, which he definitely acquired through absolutely legal means (ok, so maybe he hacked into some government files, their firewalls are laughable anyway), that shed some light on the technology the scientist had been working on before stepping down three years ago after the death of his wife.
There were increasingly more people on the street, and they looked less uptight the further away he got form fifth avenue, so it was easier to get by unnoticed.
Well, fuck him. That is Steve Grant Rogers. Captain extraordinaire and long-standing idol of one Howard Stark.
Tony rolls his eyes and huffs in annoyance as he digs out his wallet to flash the man his hundred-dollar bill.
“You’re twenty-one? Really? You look eighteen, at the most,” Barnes quips and Tony heaves an internal sigh of relief.
“--Goddammit Stark,” Rogers all but shouts, everything about his posture screaming fury and offense. “Jarvis, reengage life support protocol.”
life and death, thank you very much. He should get to dictate how he feels about it. He’s gonna die, suffocating in his own armor, just like he should have last year in New York. The universe does find curious ways to turn on its head and leave him right back in the same shit situations over and over again, doesn't it? Isn’t that funny? No, it’s not. But, come on, just a little?
“From my calculated statistics, your best case scenario would be to combine efforts with captain Rogers and try to weaken the door frame, sir,” Jarvis relays, pulling up statistics and computations. “However, that course of action would take the minimum of five to six minutes to complete, and regrettably, you only have two until vacuum pumps completely deplete the room of oxygen and other air molecules.”
have been impressive, if Tony was still fazed by that kind of thing (no offense to Roger’s superskills).
“Sure, how about this? I go in, you stay here, monitor the… dust bunnies. If I run into trouble, I’ll signal you.”
, but something at least resembling 70s style engines, which will probably be mind blowing to people in the 40s. He can’t create greatness out of thin air -- he’s a mechanic, not a magician -- he’ll need way better materials and tools to create modern machinery.
He ends up choosing a chair next to a group of rowdy men who look about his own age and starts eating. They give him some curious glances, but he mostly ignores them and soon they lose interest, resuming the debate on who’s the raciest broad, Dolores or Linda.
This seems like a lot of trouble to go through just to kill them, though. There would've been easier ways. Which leads him to think that the point here is to incapacitate, not kill -- well, not kill Rogers, that is, since they’re probably not counting on getting Tony out of this alive. Rogers will last considerably longer than he will -- a few minutes more, but every second counts when it comes to oxygen deprivation -- and if they’re counting on opening the door to a passed out Rogers, they probably don’t have high hopes for Tony’s condition.
There are a few tables and a shabby looking bar at the end of the room, so heads there, intending on buying a bottle of their strongest stuff.
He walks forward, ignoring the people who continue to give him side glares. He reaches the trees he spotted from across the street and stares at a sign board in befuddlement. It reads Central Park. It
All he needs to do is convince his parents to stay in that night. He can make this right. He can fix
He has no idea what he’s gonna do if he never sees Rhodey again. His money, his fame, all that stuff, sure it will sting that he doesn’t have it -- it already does,
Rogers is saying something -- his mouth is moving -- but the mess of sounds that reaches Tony’s ears is just scrambled further in his brain. Like a puzzle with its pieces thrown in the blender -- why would someone put puzzle pieces in a blender? That sounds counterproductive.
Ah shit, he just shoved a dog. Great, he’s a dog shover now. They can put that on his grave, under disappointing son, whenever he follows his dead parents to it.
He pushes around the crummy tasting eggs on his plate and eats as much as he can bring himself to. He’s never been much of a morning person, which also means he’s rarely hungry and generally not functional until his third cup of liquid caffeine. He should just get that stuff in IV form. Unfortunately, people here don’t feel quite the same way about coffee as he does, as there’s currently none available at the boarding house -- he’d asked, repeatedly.
The man at the stand shoots him a suspicious look but doesn’t mention anything regarding his current state of dress as he questions Tony on what he’ll be wanting.
The sound of the entrance doors opening again echoes loudly in the empty space and Tony groans, hearing heavy determined footsteps catch up to him.
“That’s what I said,” Tony barks, frowning harder in an attempt to discourage the man from asking anymore questions.
“What was that?” Rogers asks, immediately on edge. He tenses visibly, head whirling around as he tries to pinpoint the source of the sound.
Rogers stops his shield in the air, ready for another strike, to glance at Tony. The frown on his face has morphed into something else, something... concerned? Is that worry on Captain America’s face? For little old him?
He just needs to find a place where they won’t stare him to death for daring to breathe the same air.
Well it took me a while, but I’ve finally managed chapter two! Hopefully the next one won’t take as much time 😅 but considering the amount of things i’m working on, it’s a possibility.
with his mechanic savviness, he’d been asked to start right away, which worked fine with him because he’d need the money. He’d get paid at the end of the week, though, twenty-two dollars. Which would seem like a practical joke in his time but was apparently very reasonable by forties standards.
His current cash reserves leave him at one hundred and eighty-one dollars and seventy-seven cents. Which will last him for approximately three months, if he saves up and buys nothing other than what’s absolutely necessary, that is -- which is
Did Fury really have to send them to fucking Alaska? They could have done plenty of team bonding in New York, where it’s nice and warm, heaters exist, and he has hot coffee on demand.
He takes a look around the engine after, studying how these models differ from the modern versions he’s used to. He’s distracted, messing around in car inwards, so he doesn’t notice when he stops being alone in the room.
He hears the other men discouraging the one who wants to go after him for flipping the bird but doesn’t even bother turning his head to look at him. Let him try. He’d have the bastard thrown in jail with but a simple phone call. Now he just needed to find out a way out of this lunatic town.
“Hey,” he says to one ragged looking man sitting in the steps to one of the bars. “Do you know where I can find a cheap place to sleep?”
He stands up and starts walking in a random direction, it’s not like he’s got anywhere urgent to go.
Rogers keeps nagging him about it, but Tony tunes him out, running a scan of the room’s interior. It comes up clean, like
He figures keeping his last name won’t be much of a problem. His father may be a bit of celebrity at the moment -- and he really doesn't want to think about his father right now, wow -- but Stark is a common enough last name. He could just as easily have it and not be related to him in any way.
Hopefully he can find someplace with an actual bed where he can spend the next few nights, just until he figures out his next course of action.
“That’s fifth avenue right there, son!” The man points behind Tony. “The richest of them all! Might want to scramble your ass out of here before they call the coppers on ya.”
“Glad to be of assistance, sir,” Jarvis’ reassuringly familiar voice rings out inside the hub, a note of amusement sharp and audible, as the screens light up.
“Please, I finished that eons ago. I took the liberty of going over the chart and give it a onceover, though. The brake pads are due for a change, the tires are a little worn but they pass the check and the oil’s low,” he rattles off, numbering out his points with his fingers and taking satisfaction in the way the stranger’s and Larry’s face assume a bewildered tone.
He passes another men’s clothing store as he walks, and hesitates for a while, eyeing the suits exhibited on the shop’s window. Having era appropriate clothes would probably make his stay in the apparent 1940s smoother.
Predictably, Barnes frowns in confusion, huffing a little breath of amusement as he says, “You’re a weird kid, Stark.”
As soon as the man closes his fist around the money, Tony turns his back and hurries off with the stray in tow, before the man has a chance to notice he’d just been given a future coin.
Tony groans. His brain feels like it just got stuffed into a car compactor and mushed into putty, not to mention his whole mouth tastes as appetizing as an old sock
His first attempt at opening his eyes is remarkably unsuccessful, serving only to boost his headache up to unprecedented levels of agony. Where the hell did all that light come from? It’s not supposed to be so bright is it? He was… in his lab, he thinks. As far as he can remember. Everything got pretty fuzzy after his eight shot of whiskey.
