It was that moment a store associate approached and offered to help. She eventually got so tired of their bickering and indecision after thirty minutes of carefully coded arguments she gently shoved a brochure into Cas’s hand and told him when they made a decision to give them a call.
The lights flickered back on a few minutes later and soon they were back in the library. Dean and Cas had been busy arguing about Cas taking Jack and hiding in secure room since the rift was opening and they didn’t know who may come through the other side. Cas wanted to wait in the library with Jack and reasoned that there were plenty of people to keep Jack safe and if something happened with Jack again then it would be best to be near the rift. Dean did not like that plan and wanted Cas and Jack tucked safely away.
Dean would never let Bruiser destroy someone else’s property on purpose and steered clear of neighbor's trash cans and recycle bins who didn't enjoy Bruiser's antics as much as the rest of the neighborhood. But today had been a practically long day at the station. He had been called in for an emergency hours before his shift was scheduled to start. He is more tired than usual on their evening walk and isn't paying attention as Bruiser plows through the first neighbor’s plastic trash bin with glee. He didn't even change out of his station t-shirt because he had made plans with Sam and didn’t want to miss Bruiser’s evening walk.
The energy in the room dropped and Cas went on the defensive. He shifted in his chair but met Dean’s eyes with confidence, “I think it’s the right decision for Jack.”
The message continued on as a wave of exhaustion from hit them both. Dean stopped trying to listen to the message and instead let it wash over him before sinking into his soul. He focused keeping them upright as Cas cast everything outwards. Blood trickled from one of Dean’s ears from the volume and intensity as Cas’s call broke the sound barrier surrounding them and the inside of Dean’s mind.
Dean had wanted nothing to do with Jack during the brief times he returned to the cabin. They had made the decision as a group to remain in the cabin until Cas woke up for convenience’s sake. The reality of the situation was Dean refused to leave Cas in the hospital and Sam and Mary had no choice but to remain close by for Cas and Dean’s sake. Mary was itching to get out of the cabin and Sam tried to reason that the hospital would call with updates but Dean refused to leave. So they all stayed including Jack.
The words of John Winchester were not the only reason Dean felt shame. Dean felt shame from treating Cas poorly even though he had done nothing but continue to care for Dean despite his outbursts. Cas would bring him food, pillows, and anything Dean needed to try to distract himself. Cas kept Dean well hydrated through bottles of water. He took the brunt of Dean’s weight when Dean could no longer hold his bladder and needed help reach the bathroom upstairs. Those nights they skipped physical therapy and Cas helped Dean into bed where he would massage Dean’s taxed muscles until they relaxed underneath his adept fingertips. Fifteen minutes was the usual length of time during a normal day but on Dean’s bad days Cas didn’t stop until Dean felt at least a little better. Once it crossed the forty-minute threshold, Dean would force himself to not look at the clock.
“Yours aren’t. You’ve been off a little lately and at dinner tonight Eileen said… Do you want to talk about what’s bothering you?”
The rift shimmered again and Sam, Mary, and Bobby emerged slightly out of breath and much dirtier than when they departed.
Cas looked at him again. He looked so hurt that it sent a ripple of pain through Dean’s chest and nearly pinned him to the spot. For a moment, Dean was tempted to close the car door and try to get them to see reason. He wanted to talk to them. Convince Sam and Eileen that the best place for Jack and Cas was here at the bunker. Ask Cas to stay.
Dean rolled his eyes at the tone, “Cas and I both come to Jack’s appointments. All my appointments are about my leg so Cas needs to be there if there are changes to my physical therapy or any of that crap. Cas schedules his annuals with mine and Jack. The only time Cas had to visit the good doctor for something else was when he had bronchitis last winter. Trust me, Cas was in no state to drive even though Cas swore up and down he was dying.”
Years of things like Dean holding on to a grimy trench coat, Dean searching purgatory for a year to find Cas, Dean sitting by Cas’s hospital for almost a month waiting for him to wake up.
When Sam asked Jack what he thought of Uncle Sam joining them for Story Time, Dean got up abruptly with a loud scrape and started getting the sink ready to do the dishes. Sam and Cas shared puzzled looks. Dean saw Eileen roll her eyes and start signing things to the Sam and Cas. They conversed silently behind him for a while before Cas joined him at the sink. He picked up the drying rag immediately and gave him a sympathetic and apologetic look. Sam and Eileen left not long after that and Dean figured they headed to Sam's room. He caught them whispering in the library not long after that.
Raising her voice above the battering of the door, “We don’t need the grace to close the portal. Use the grace to lure the demons away. It will give us more time to save Jack and my people won’t be walking into a death match.”
There were unsupported pieces hanging around in awkward positions too that had attached themselves to the tendons and cartilage while he had healed. The film Dr. Sands showed him spoke for itself. His knee was in a hundred little pieces all misaligned. The breaks and healing looked off and there were stress points that the doctor pointed out for risk of future breaks.
Unarmed and with nowhere to go but up, Dean begun the trek of pulling Cas and himself up the rain-soaked hill. He tried hard to make a quick ascent but their progress up the slick, grassy slope was slow thanks to the day-long torrent of rain. Suddenly, Dean’s leg slipped on the wet turf and they tumbled downward. He felt a jolt of pain as his knee collided with the ground followed by a second jolt has his thigh followed. Dean blacked out for a few seconds before the rain stirred him back.
In fact, he hadn’t even remembered the part about Sam and Cas tricking him until Sam tensed up next to him. They chatted about the weather like two old men instead and soon enough Dean held out his hands to take Jack from Sam who handed him over easily. Immediately, all Dean’s troubles faded, his mind slowed, and all he saw before him was little Jack. Uncomplicated little Jack.
Dean’s brain and heart both stopped and refused to start in the silence. He stared Cas down but Cas would barely look at him. Cas paused and took a deep breathe before he continued speaking, “I have made the decision, with the support of Sam and Eileen, to leave the bunker with Jack. We are going to move out.”
One last room remained and Sam found himself staring at the door. The door to his brother’s room. The door where his brother was sharing a bed this week with his housemate and friend Cas. With no evidence so far on the contrary and knowing full-well Cas was a human who relied on sleep like other mortals, this was likely Cas’s room as well.
With the laptop closed and shoved safely under his bed, he yelled for the guest to come in. Cas tentatively opened the door. He was wearing soft gray sweats that looked a lot like a pair Dean had “lost”, a black long-sleeved shirt, and the newly acquired baby monitor was in hand. Finding the perfect baby monitor for when Dean or Cas had to step out of the room had taken 4 days of discussion pre-cast removal before Cas was happy with their selection. Sam had picked it up from in town the day yesterday.
Dean barely let Cas finish speaking before he stood up and walked to the garage. Thankfully, the Impala’s keys were in his pocket since he didn’t want to chance losing them or somebody accidentally taking it by leaving the keys lying around where anybody could grab them. His wallet was in his back pocket of his jeans too. He had everything he needed already with him so why fight it.
Dean remained silent with his eyes fixed on the same spot he had been staring at the entire time. The rage he was feeling to mask his other emotions reminded him of every time he had lost control with the Mark of Cain. If he talked or moved, something would break and Dean didn’t know if it would be him breaking or doing the breaking.
“Claire says, ‘Don’t forget our bet. Are you finally going to grow a set and tell Sam or am I going to be fifty bucks richer?’” Sam read slowly.
The third option was a supportive brace with pain management. He would likely adjust to the pain and become less dependent on medication over time. His life would return to activities quicker but his use of the leg would be diminished. Walking and bending would be a challenge to start with but he could gain more flexibility and strength overtime with regular physical therapy. He would always be in pain but as long as the pain slowly diminished it should offer him the easiest way out. With time, he could have a semi-normal life but would at least be partially disabled for a long time. The brace would likely be a permanent fixture for the remainder of his life and he would have some form of pain killers available to him all the time.
Sam went to open his mouth but Eileen spoke first, “I’m actually feeling pretty tired. Would it be okay if Sam and I headed back to the house for the night?”
Cas loved all of it. He loved the large windows in every room that let in natural light. He loved the beautiful staircase leading to the second floor. He loved the long gravel driveway that led to the huge front porch that was the entire length of the house. He loved the barn and the big yards. He kept asking Dean about repairs and Dean kept telling him that it needed a lot but they were doable. In fact, Dean could do most of them which seemed to ease Cas’s concern. Cas loved the house the second he walked in and Dean loved the house too.
“Protect Jack. If we don’t come back, tell Jack we did what we thought was best because we care. Promise me, you’ll protect Jack?”
Dean explained in the car on the way to the local hardware store Dean preferred that he thought it would be more natural for the Smiths to have cute pet names for each other in an attempt to cover up his blunder. Cas took to that idea immediately and took the first chance he saw to call Dean “honey” when asking if Dean had a preference in paintbrush brands. Being called honey made Dean blush and drop the aforementioned paint brushes but it didn’t feel out of place.
“I think you’re right. You should stay with Cas and Jack. No splitting the week up or things like that. Don’t get me wrong, come visit as often as you want. The bunker won’t be the same without you. But Cas and Jack need you right now. Anything I need your help with can be a call or email. Just promise me you’ll take care of them?”
“We expected you to do something stupid. That’s why we are here early to check you when you hadn’t tried anything. Where is the grace now?
Clearing his throat to catch Dean’s attention, “Okay, you’re turn. Mackenzie wants you to start with three stretches from last time and two new ones.”
Cas set the baby monitor on Dean’s nightstand softy. He came forward into Dean’s space and for a moment they just sat there staring at each other.  Cas pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket that Mackenzie had given with the list of five practice exercises and the amount of repetitions. Dean could feel the warmth coming off Cas like a furnace. Dean cleared his throat and shook his head to refocus. He moved to sit down on the edge of the bed and Cas leaned down to assist him. Thus, their nightly physical therapy began.
“How’d your date go anyway?” Dean asked as he tucked Cas into bed and refused to look at Cas in the face. There was pain in Dean's eyes when he spoke.
One weekend in late March, he even felt strong enough to reinforce the weirdly large closet in the living room into an emergency panic room. Both of the Bobbys would be so proud at how well that turned out. Cas and Dean had carried the steel panels in themselves after some teenage boys that worked the home improvement store loaded it into Cas’s truck one afternoon. Dean was shocked by how little time it took to finish the room completely.
The entire time he had known Balthazar he had never been one to shy away from a witty remark or snap sarcastically at a dumb question. His emotions had been much clearer from the get-go in comparison. Right now though, his emotions were carefully under lock and key. His face was broody but his eyes were evaluating the situation with intelligence. He looked Dean up and down for a moment before staring at Cas with a nearly blank expression on his face. If Balthazar was still pissed at Cas for killing him, he was doing a good job at hiding it.
“A lot of things have happened since the books. Almost 7 years’ worth of crap that you wouldn’t believe and Cas didn’t ask for any of it. Not a single damn time.”
Cas had to remain in the hospital for six more days but Dean waited with him the entire time. Tests had to be run and when they decried him fit enough to leave, Dean broke into a shit-eating grin.  When the time came for a nurse to help Cas into the Impala with Dean waiting in the driver’s seat, Dean was the happiest he had been in a long time, even before the incident. After everything they had been through, this was a big win. Cas was a big win.
Cas’s eyes narrowed immediately and Dean knew the jig was up. Stepping forward, Dean grimaced as the pain sparked and as his unsteady leg nearly gave out from underneath him.  Cas mirrored him with arms open to catch him at the exact moment Dean tried to swat him away.
“Listen, the town can be a lot but I promise there are a lot of good people here that do want you guys to stay and get to know you. Matt and I are transplants ourselves. Give us all a chance, you might just like it here.”
“Then, you should have no problem asking Brandon if he has more tomatoes. Specifically Better Boys. Is that going to be a problem,
Cas made his way forward and as he crossed over the threshold, the angel Duma shut the door behind him, locking them inside. Cas stopped about 6 feet away from Naomi in the center of the room. Dean wanted to say something but Naomi’s mood had shifted in good way and he knew better than to draw attention to himself and ruin it. Instead, Dean bided his time.
“Well, that’s great Cas. If you want to be a beekeeper, then bee keep. You have my full support. The only thing is can we please keep them far enough away from the house? I don’t want Jack or me getting stung walking to the car.”
The truth about this whole thing was is this was normal Dean. The Dean he was used to seeing now. The proud supporter willing to drop anything and everything to make things work for the people he loved. It wasn’t the showoff, hot-shot young Dean that flirted with anything that moved and wore a chip on his shoulder the size of a boulder. This was the Dean that was proud of the organization Sam and Eileen made, Jack’s growing skills and abilities, Mary’s excursions, and, of course, Cas’s beekeeping.
Jack bounced away from Eileen and Dean lifted Jack onto the tailgate of the truck they were all just leaning against. He had been signing all the words he knew about bees to Eileen who had watched with a smile at her nephew’s attention. The smallest hat with netting was carefully place on Jack’s head with the netting rolled up to sit on the brim of the cap. Dean held up one tiny glove and Jack slide his hand into it. The second glove was held up and Jack put his other hand into it. The smallest flannel was slid on to Jack and Dean rolled the cuffs back to Jack could find his hands again. Jack flexed his little fingers experimentally before rolling the netting over his face with a smile.
Cas crouched down and lifted the ugly rug to find a somewhat recognizable demon trap on the underside. He looked impressed and gave Mackenzie a thumbs up at her attempt. The rug and the look Mackenzie had made when Dean had stepped off of it made sense. She had thought he was a demon.
“If we’re somehow still on Earth, Mackenzie is going to be pissed that I screwed up my leg so bad,” Dean joked to help lighten the mood. Cas smiled and looked down at his hands.
He was lying in a meadow. Tall brown grass surrounded him and green vegetation poked through the dull grass with vibrant colors. He could hear the putter of water of the nearby stream. The tree he was underneath offered some shade with its star-shaped Maple leaves but sunlight peaked through and landed upon him as the breeze shifted the branches. The sun was low in the sky and the color of the sunset was beautiful. He knew where he was. It was peaceful. It was like Heaven.
Two weeks and one day ago, Cas and Dean were still holed up in Dean’s room to give Jack an easy day. Cas seemed preoccupied and barely responded to anything Dean did. Every joke Dean made and every conversation he would start Cas just seemed to respond minimally if he had been paying attention at all. The bunker was excruciating loud and when a noise outside the door reached their ears Cas’s eyes would flash in irritation.
Cas let a long breathe through his noise and clenched his fists against his thighs. He was trying so hard to keep his cool as Dean prodded Cas’s most sensitive spot. Cas replied with a forced voice, “People get sick and get through it all the time. We’ll figure it out.”
The tips of Dean’s ears burned and heat rushed into his cheeks. He could imagine the scene in his mind and he liked what he saw. With Cas explaining it like that, Dean was hard pressed to find anything wrong with it. He was tempted to make a joke about Cas being his knight in shining armor but didn’t get the chance.
Cas said it as a statement not a fact. His hands were folded in front of him, eyes blazing as he stared at Sam. Sam looked almost sheepish but Dean didn’t feel sorry for him because he was pissed too. Dean knew he could, and probably should, jump in to calm Cas down but Dean decided to let him at Sam.
He only recently discovered that he didn’t have to answer a lot of questions if he tapped the brace as it provided an unspoken answer. Asking Sam to unload the trunk when they visited (because he didn’t feel like it), tap the brace. Telling Natalie to slow down as she paraded them around at the farmer’s market when Dean was getting tired of sampling and meeting people, tap the brace. Getting Charlie to sneak him another piece of Jack’s birthday cake after Cas suggested he stop, tap the brace. Dean didn’t like the brace but it was an excuse that was coming in handy.
Dean saw flashes of every moment Cas deemed important tangled together. He saw Cas’s early rebellion, his doubts, their fight to seal Lucifer in the cage the first time, his war with Raphael, trying to kill the Leviathans, Cas killing Dean a thousand times, their year in purgatory, their failed escape and reuniting, the angel wars, the Mark of Cain, Chuck and Amara, Jack’s conception, Kelly’s death, becoming human, raising Jack, spending time in the bunker, Heaven dying, their family and friend’s desperate efforts to save the hunters in Apocalypse world, Jack dying from losing his grace, the demon attack, how the angels could save Jack, Billie chasing them, how and why each angel was pulled, and more of each moment back into the universe.
The angel snapped her fingers and Dean saw movement out his periphery as the angels behind him yanked painfully on his arms.  He turned his gaze to see two angels dragging Eileen closer to Dean and thrusting the blade underneath her chin. She had a cut on her cheek and looked like she had been roughed up too. The angel near Charlie moved their angel blade closer to her sleeping body. Displays of clear threats for Dean to witness.
Dean recognized the look in Stewart’s eyes instantly. Surprise at meeting Cas, surprise at Cas being introduced as a partner, before the carefully guarded expression which meant either Stewart decided he did not like Dean at all anymore or was trying to figure out how to not show the surprise. Greetings were exchanged and Stewart opened up when Cas asked what brought him in. Like Dean was there to help Cas get plants, Stewart had been sent on a mulch run by his wife. Gardens were another thing Stewart’s family had in common with Dean’s.
Sam did bring up the topic one day to Dean when Cas was out of earshot that those types of incidents were occurring with greater frequency and ferocity. Dean brushed it off and acted unconcerned but the gnawing feeling in the pit of his stomach knew that Sam was right. Books and other items were getting thrown further and more often. Jack was getting stronger, it only made sense that his powers did too. They never brought this up to Cas even though everybody included Cas could see the evidence right in front of their faces. Jack’s powers were growing exponentially with every passing day.
“I trust your judgement on everything including the houses, Dean. I trust you with my life. I trust you with Jack’s life. I guess that’s why this whole thing is so hard. You have every reason to lie yet you’re still trying to help me. It hurts you,” Cas said matter-of-factly.
The shower called to him and the pressure hit his skin so nicely Dean was tempted to never leave. He would be content with being a prune for the rest of his life his tired brain decided. It tempted Dean to push the limits of the hot water heater. In a magical bunker, Dean could only imagine hours spent under the scalding hot water washing away everything until he was new again Eventually, he managed to pull himself out after scrubbing the motel smell from his skin multiple times. Slowly, he returned to his room and dressed for the rest of the day. His brace still stank of the motel so he replaced the pads on his brace with the spare set.
They had had a good, maybe even a great weekend. It had started a little rough. Sam had to cancel on them coming out for the first time at the last minute on Friday afternoon for an emergency hunt with Eileen and a few new hunters. An unexpected April rainstorm has drenched everything the entire day and soaked them anytime they stepped outside. Dean decided right then that they would have fun no matter what. Screw the weather and cancelled plans.
Cas’s reasoning washed over him. Dean went to argue when the cosmic nothing crept up on them like a shadow and tried to snatch one of the angels from the first seven from their grasp. Dean grabbed desperately at the angel and the black ooze that had wrapped itself around the angel retracted as the grace from his skin zapped it. They fled this time through the black tar as quickly as they could, the final six angels included. The search began again despite their close call.
Cas was already in the rocking chair when Dean seated himself on the floor in his normal spot after grabbing Jack from the second crib they owned that never left Jack’s room. He rested his now single crutch against the crib.
Sunday had been a day of lazing about. They had watched a documentary about the depths of the ocean that Dean even admitted was equal parts enthralling and terrifying. The day was warm so they even bundled Jack let him play outside in the fresh air and mud puddles. At one point, Cas misjudged a puddle outside and unsuspectingly stepped into one so deep it went over the edge of his rainboots and soaked his socks. Dean roared with laughter at the disbelief on Cas’s face before he had to dodge a splash that Cas kicked at him. The tips of Cas’s ears were pink, his hair was in disarray, and mud coated the lower half of his body but Dean felt compelled to take a picture of Cas and Jack with his phone right then. They looked wet and muddy but happy. After sending the picture to the ever-growing party of Cas and Jack admirers, he changed his own permanently blank home screen to this picture too. Dean caught himself sneaking glances at the picture throughout the day.
“Could you look possibly? There are families with children and good people stranded in that portal that can’t escape in the time they have left. Lots of good people will die-“
Cas looked to Dean with his eyebrows raised in an unspoken question. Dean gave a nod at Cas's plea. Cas smiled and replied, "Of course."
“I do know that the entrance would look better and more open if the front door had a window to let natural light in.”
Charlie looked up from the book she was ready and with eyes wide with an idea. She glanced at the door and then to Dean’s hand where Jack’s grace shined.
Next to him, he heard someone yell and embrace Cas the same way. Donna pulled away and gave him a kind smile. He turned to see Claire hugging Cas fiercely.  The worry slowly drained from her face until all that was left was relief. Her eyes were closed as Cas held her for a long moment. She let him go first and laughed when Cas asked if she was okay. Claire was another tally on the list of survivors.
When Sam and Eileen weren’t in the bunker, they were assisting on hunts or hunting themselves. Part of Dean ached watching Sam with his new hunting partner but Dean had to admit he positively adored Eileen and she was far too good for Sam he would joke. Sam had never been happier than his time spent with Eileen. Dean was happy that Sam was so happy and Eileen seemed to get Sam and his weird quirks.
There was a dawning realization forming in the back of his mind as the automatic doors to the ER opened and let a blast of cold air in. Dean asked the nurse if he could run back to the car to grab something. She nodded without looking up from her computer and purposefully ignored the woman who hobbled closer every second.
Breaking the news to Cas sucked. Seeing the look on his face when the final house of the day didn’t work out set a painful twinge into Dean’s chest. Part of Dean was secretly happy though because the house was five hours away which was too far away in Dean’s not-so humble opinion.
Part of Dean hated the newborn from bringing so much pain into their life. First, the half-angel had brainwashed Cas and taken him away for weeks on end. Then, his father who was THE actual devil himself nearly killed them all in an attempt to take his own son back. Sam and Mary may have been cooing over the devil baby but Dean didn’t even want to look at Jack. He was his father’s son and there was no way Dean was going to forget that.
Cas didn’t respond so Dean kept on rolling, “What about caring for Jack? Are you really going to try to raise a baby on your own? You and I are barely getting enough sleep as it and that’s with duties split between us. You got what 4 hours of sleep a few days ago. I heard Jack wake up. You want to do that every day for rest of your life?”
The pain in his chest when he thought about being away from them for weeks while staying in shitty motels and trying not to be killed by monsters was something that became harder to swallow by the day. The thought on how many of Jack’s firsts he would miss and the guilt of leaving Cas to care for the newborn alone in a silent and dark bunker weighed on Dean. No matter what he felt though, he was excited to get the cast off plain and simple.
HE HAD BEEN THE ONE TO CONVINCE MARY TO STAY IN THE CABIN WHEN CAS WAS LAID UP IN THE HOSPITAL BECAUSE THERE WAS NO WAY DEAN WAS LEAVING CAS.
Visibly irritated and upset, Cas snapped his mouth shut and looked away. He looked over to Sam for help. They shared a look of hopelessness and looked like they wanted to protest. They probably wanted to talk at him further and get him to see their side. Too bad their little plan hadn’t prepared them for this.
Dean cautiously opened the door. Rowena smiled brightly at him. She looked great for a witch that traveled from wherever the hell she was at. Her curls looked perfectly style and she was wearing a purple dress that lightly brushed the floor. She probably looked the exact opposite of Dean who was beaten, bloody, and bruised from all the excitement on the day. He needed a shower asap.
“Jack is having a hard time today. His breathing is harder, his voice sounds raspy, and his temperature is elevated as well. He also has a rash on his chest,” Cas blurted out before Dr. Stern had a chance to do more than come through the door.
Two rigid circular pads braced either side of his knee to lock it in place. The pads also would adhere to the wrap he would have to put on his knee. The knee was weakest point of his leg and thus needed the most support because it had taken the full force when Dean landed after being thrown by the explosion. The femur would benefit from the brace too as it took some of the pressure off the bone and onto the brace. It also stopped it from shifting too much.
Sam took a shuttering breathe before saying, “I didn’t want to bring the one to bring this up but we don’t even know if Cas is still in his vessel. There are no signs of any angel grace left. There were two wing prints in the clearing. Mom seems to think that Cas somehow survived because he has heartbeat and brain activity. Jimmy is in heaven so that is a good sign that something might be in there but he still hasn’t so much as stirred...”
Cas loved the guy but was always quick to skip greetings and launch right into the problem when it came to Jack (and Dean). He would question everything and want to know the reasons why things were happening the way they were. Why did Mackenzie up the suggested reps without talking with them first? (Dr. Stern reported that Dean was doing well and Mackenzie agreed.) Why did the brand of nebulizer steroid refills at the pharmacy change? (Different manufacturer but same strength and composition Dr. Stern would reply without looking up). Why this and why that were constant questions from Cas. Dr. Stern always took Cas’s questions in stride and didn’t mind Cas’s single mindedness. Dr. Stern quickly adjusted to Cas and let everything roll off of him without a blink of his eye.
“Daddy and Papa were getting nervous. There was only one more center left to visit. This center was much nicer than the last. The people there greeted Daddy and Papa with open arms and lots of hugs. They loved their big yard, chickens, and cute goats. They loved hearing about how Papa met Daddy and fell in love. Then, the people brought out the little Baby for them to meet.
The box was carried down to the rusted tractor and set on the ground next to Cas who was talking to the woman. Dean pulled the top off and leaned it against the worn tire of the tractor. The conversation grew as Dean joined. He pulled a second pair of gloves out of his back pocket and handed them to Cas. Another trek up and down the small hill and Dean brought down several empty wooden frames and sheet of flimsy plastic. Those were set next to the new hive too.  A few minutes later, Dean rejoined Sam, Eileen, and Jack by the back of the truck.
He reached out to touch it and rested his hand against the skin. He justified it with the explanation that Cas got to touch him all the time and he was going to wake him up. The wing shaft was mostly smooth except for the edges and the occasional bump from wear a feather had likely been recently dislodged. He allowed his thumb to brush over the large feather before moving to the damaged feather for a brief moment. Or at least he told himself it was a brief moment. He let his thumb rub over it for a few moments longer than he thought and let his mind map the small ridges and curves from the feather burn.
They made their way to Cas’s room slowly. The nurse pushed Dean and chatted with coworkers as she passed and Sam followed Dean along with a concerned look on his face. The walk took them almost 9 agonizing minutes. Dean spent those 9 minutes preparing himself for the worst. That didn’t stop the sight of Cas from taking his breathe away.
The fourth house didn’t pan out either. It already had one offer and was a decent suburbia house but that wouldn’t change the fact that it just wasn’t right. Plus, the neighbors were assholes. A few of the neighbors who had gathered to gossip on the snow frosted front lawn nearly exploded when Cas asked Dean if he thought Jack would like this house. When the realtor asked for clarification, Cas explained Jack was his adopted son and that he and Dean were raising Jack together.
It took them a few minutes to get themselves together enough to go downstairs. Sam and Eileen had both fallen asleep within a few minutes of getting into bed without a second thought. Sam had woken up feeling so well rested that he doubted he had ever felt like this before. Eileen told Sam to go down without her while she took her turn in the bathroom. Sam found Cas helping Jack into is booster seat.
“They’re already set up at the parade so I dragged my brother Sam with me. Where do you think I picked up this little one at?” Dean joked and bounced Cat who let out another giggle.
“All of the clothes in here are for cold weather, boy genius. Also, the black coat is Dean’s. Mary got it for him for Christmas. You have one too.”
When they had first bought the house, Cas, Dean, and Sam had painted protective sigils and wards in obnoxious black paint that clashed with the terrible, faded wallpaper that was already deteriorating after years of neglect and abuse. Their paint job was an eyesore even more than the wallpaper in Dean’s opinion and made the house feel temporary. Like they were just waiting for an imminent attack or that the house would literally crumble around them. It made Dean flighty and nervous whenever he stared at it too long. It didn’t feel like a home for Jack to grow in. It didn’t feel like a home for a normal life. These feelings were only magnified after the incident with Jack. When Dean brought this up to Cas, he said he felt similar.
Jack’s mortality was a touchy subject. Even touchier than Cas’s mortality. Hannah had stopped by on her daily visit to see if Jack’s grace was replenishing the day before like she did every day at four in the afternoon. He and Cas weren’t on talking terms but Dean was still being there for Jack like a mosquito that couldn’t be shaken. If so much as a drop had replenished, Hannah would have been able to sense it.
Before he had a chance to gauge individuals, someone shouted “Dean!” and his vision was obscures by blonde hair. He was wrapped in the hug by an enthusiastic Donna. Dean hugged her back immediately by wrapping his arms around her waist. He would never tell her that he loved her full body hugs. He started a mental list of people who had survived with Donna being the first tally on the list.
“There was a reason I trained Charlie how to close the portal if something happened to me. At the time, I was planning on going to the other side.”
“Got the eggs,” Matt announced happily setting the box down at the end of a table where a young boy began unpacking the box quickly. Matt leaned over and gave, what Sam assumed to be his wife, a kiss on her cheek who was stacking a few more loaves on the table. It was approaching 1pm now and it was clear that their booth was a popular one too judging from the line that was formed and the two employees with name tags and aprons helping customers.
The other constant was Cas who was helping too. Every time Dean worked, Cas would appear alongside him even for a small amount of time, carefully following Dean’s instructions when he wasn’t caring for Jack. Jack would be situated on his play mat with some toys or in a bouncer if he was awake. When he was asleep, Cas or Dean would have the baby monitor hooked to their pants and simply enjoy each other’s presence.
“Aww,” said Mackenzie, “Jack’s lucky to have two parents that care so much. Since it sounds pretty serious, Dean, I’m going to start making your progress plan for the future. When you land on a house, just let me know. I’ll reach out to a local doctor and get you established. Sometimes in small towns I’ll still act as the primary physical therapist so fingers crossed for that. Kinda want to keep my eye on you anyway. Cas, I’ll make you a plan for the interim between doctors. If you’re going to view that house, you better get going. It’s just after 3 now.”
Jack had fallen asleep while eating dinner his dinner at 6pm on that Sunday evening in mid-April so they had chosen to forgo Story Time to let him sleep. The little man tired himself and his dads out by walking/running/waddling all over the house every second he could. Dean volunteered to tuck a worn Jack into his crib in his room and strapped their baby monitor to the waistline of his jeans as he closed the door to his room where Jack would be staying for the night. When Dean came back downstairs, he noticed Cas was nowhere to be found.
Cas holding Jack in his arms the very first time. Sam reuniting with Eileen. Mary giving Cas a long hug. Claire rolling her eyes affectionately at him. The plethora of strong women back in the bunker eating popcorn and watching a movie. Dean laughing at something Cas said next to him on his bed.
Dean thought when Cas looked confused and on edge. The step Cas had taken towards Dean was now taken back as Cas put distance between them.
Sam could hear the record scratch and then freeze frame. His mind went offline and his brain was firing Error 404 codes out while the rest of his synapses sparked and fizzled out. When his brain finally decided to reboot, he found his own mouth hanging open and snapped it shut.
“I think- that will work. However, it may be wise to give us a few weeks to get everything together and say goodbye. Make all the proper preparations and pack our things.”
“Perfect time for breakfast food then. I’ll make that omelet you like so much. Claire, you’re on dish duty tonight and every night this week for felony kidnapping.”
Some of the angels had fled when woken up, frightened from their experiences before. Most had struck around to help heal the people. When everything was done, Hannah had allowed volunteers to stay behind to help the injured and search for Cas and Dean. The rest had been delegated to Heaven to help begin restoration so Heaven wouldn’t fail. No one mentioned Cas’s call on angel radio.
One week and six days ago the clock read almost three in the afternoon when the Impala coasted to its spot. With a quick turn of the keys, the purr of the engine shut off completely immersing him in silence in the empty garage. Running a hand over his face in exhaustion, Dean sat in the car for a few minutes while he prepared himself to go back inside. Some of his new mantras he created played on repeated in his head.
He lowered the notebook slowly and gave it a soft push across the table. The notebook slowly slid to the middle of the table before stopping without a sound. Eileen had to lean forward this time to get it.
Dean just nodded. He wasn’t going to correct her, not yet anyway. He still didn’t know what he was doing.
Cas was practically vibrating next to Dean. He could feel him without having to look. Dean opened his mouth to speak but Cas beat him to it, “We have to use archangel grace to open the portal. Which means we are going to have to drain it out of Jack somehow if its anything like the other spells we’ve encountered.”
“Gloria’s daughter has a hive in one of her tractor’s and her kid is allergic. They want us to remove it and want to know when would be a good time.”
After Dean rechecked that the clasps were all correctly in place like Cas had taught him months ago, he stood up and grabbed handle to the car seat. Dean grew perplexed when he looked at Cas and noticed that Cas was pointedly not looking at him. Anger and hurt rolled off him in waves.
Across the front seat, Dean’s eyes widened and his body stiffened for a fraction of a moment before Dean forced himself to relax in front of Sam. The tension and easement were nearly indiscernible to an outsider. To Sam, the shift was clear as day. Dean was hiding something.
They sat there for a moment before Cas let out a huge yawn. The rift blinked and shimmered for a moment. They were in the last quarter of the time limit and the rift was dimming.
Three weeks and four days ago Cas put on a brave face and went back to the human life he had been living. The days that followed were the same. He cared for Jack and joked around with people. He helped get the refugees back on their feet and went of his way to provide them comfort. He smiled at Claire who seemed to be extra gentle for once as the news spread of Cas’s permanent humanhood. It was only in the small moments, the in-between moments, that the façade slipped and Dean would see just how much Cas was hurting.
In spite of these happy feelings, part of Dean was miserable. Dean missed hunting. It had been part of his identity for most of his life and he had hunted his entire adult life. He missed the freedom it brought and was a painful reminder that he would never be in that place again. The fact that the choice to retire had not been his own stung. Not to mention, there was the constant worry that always sucker punched him when Sam didn’t answer his phone when Dean called or when they would return beaten and bruised.
Eileen emerged from the bathroom then and Dean bid them goodnight and headed to his room at the interruption. He waited until his hand was on the handle to the door before saying goodnight to Eileen and Sam who were still standing outside the bathroom door.
A very happy, newly turned three-year-old Jack sat on Dean’s lap and nodded along. His face was smeared with cake and he hadn’t stopped shoving more into his mouth the entire time Dean talked. Dean grabbed a napkin and began to wipe the sticky crumbs from Jack’s face much to the toddler’s annoyance. Jack tried to dodge Dean while Jody joked that he had obviously gotten Dean’s manners instead of Cas’s.
Stewart whistled in appreciation, “Not many people have skills like that. Take it you’re a mechanic?”
Cas squinted at Dean in confusion. Dean sighed and said, “The Long Riders, Cas. We watched it a few months ago. Young Dennis Quaid is part of the Jesse James gang.”
Dean eased back into the couch, wincing slightly. Dean had taken the painkillers an hour prior but they weren’t completely working yet. That was the last time Cas had spoken to Dean before Dean practically barked at Cas that didn’t Cas have better things to do than force Dean to be his project of the day. If Dean was lucky, Sam just happened to call to chat with him and did not know about the things that Dean had done. He brought the phone up to his ear and plastered a fake smile on.
“Mary Campbell, I should have said it when I first saw you but its good to see ya. How long has it been open for?”
“If your Bobby was anything like me, you know why I can’t. Those are still my people on the other side.”
Dean could tell that they had practiced before giving him the news. They spoke to him like he was a flight risk who wouldn’t understand if they didn’t talk to him like toddler. Even Dean’s GED brain could understand this. Cas was leaving. Cas was leaving and taking Jack with him. Dean wasn’t invited.
Grabbing two mugs from his cupboard, Cas pulled out supplies to make hot chocolate. His hands were shaky and he didn’t know if he could do this.
The ever polite but socially awkward Cas greeted the women before asking to sneak in to grab one of Jack’s sippy cups out of the cupboard. At one point, he bumped into the backside of one woman and apologized profusely. The older woman winked at Cas whose blush deepened further as the woman laughed and told him he was fine. Dean tried not to laugh loud enough that Cas would hear him.
Dean’s eyes caught a movement. Cas was flexing his hands and moving his fingers in swift and subtle motions basically at Dean’s eye level. Dean had spent more time than he cared to admit staring at Cas’s long fingers and he knew what motions were typical of Cas. These were not those. He was trying to tell him something.
“Could be but I’m doubtful. It seemed almost agitated when angel radio kept getting louder. It didn’t seem to like noise so I don’t think it would appreciate us talking. How do we figure out where we are? We can’t keep walking. We’re both hurt. Unless we can get to town quickly, we are about to be hungry and thirsty too.”
Sam began to speak before Dean had finished processing. Dean looked at him like he had grown three heads as Sam rushed to talk, “We fully support Cas in this decision. He has thought this through a lot and we have agreed that what is best for Cas and Jack would be to live a normal life. The bunker is no place for a baby and Cas thinks it would be better if Jack got the chance to be a real kid. This is going to be an adjustment and they are going to still be in our lives even when they’re gone. Cas promised to visit regularly.”
“Relax guys, I’m not taking it personally. There are worse things than breaking up with your physical therapist. When are you guys moving?”
Meg told him he just needed to swipe right if he was attracted to the person and the bios didn’t scream “I’m gonna murder you” or alt-right Neo-Nazi.
worried it will mess him up? It’s messed me up and I was an adult. It messed other me up. It messed Claire up. It messed Alex up. If you try being honest with yourself for five minutes, you’ll see it messed you and Sam up. Do you honestly want him to grow up here and see same things you and Sam saw? Do you want Jack to think this is normal?”
Sam did a half smirk and laugh that he did when he thought something was ironic, “I’ll try not to do anything stupid.”
Cas had been too exhausted and still floating on his post-orgasm high when the bed shifted and Dean walked across the room. Fear and sadness gripped Cas that Dean was leaving after all of that until Dean opened the door ever so slightly to let the cats in. Ian Malcolm immediately ran and jumped up next to Cas.
It came as no surprise to Sam or Eileen when Dean approached them as they finished packing up after breaking away from Brandon and Matt with a laugh. His smile was bright after spending the day in the sun with his friends and family while having a good time at the parade.
She shifted uncomfortably while Dean looked at her. Dean looked to Cas who appeared as conflicted as Dean felt. He nodded and Dean licked his lips before turning back to the girl, “Kaia, nobody wants to force you to be here but we need you. Can you stay and help us?”
“How much did you, uh, read?” Dean asked. He silently begged she had never read about any of his full-frontal encounters.
“It’s just not fair! I have been waiting for over three hours and they just get to walk right in! It is 3 in the morning, surely you are not that busy that I have to continue waiting,” the woman pleaded with false sincerity.
Dean had been the one to bring up this new habit to Sam. When Cas was distressed or experiencing a strong emotion, he would rub the site of the injury almost like he was hoping to coax a little grace that remained hidden to the surface. The wound on his chest was smaller than the entrance on his due to the shape of the angel blade but that didn’t stop Cas from rubbing his chest. The only time Cas even mentioned the stitches on his back were when they itched against the fabric of his shirt. Sam hadn’t noticed Cas’s new habit nor had Mary when he brought it up to her. Sam asked why Dean had noticed despite never spending more than a few minutes in Cas’s presence lately while Sam failed to. Actually, Sam had a pretty good guess he had said but Dean shut him down when he tried to bring it up.
The woman’s eyes widened for a moment and she glanced again at the man. Her only response was a nod. For some reason, Sam’s felt protective of the woman and it set him on edge. A morning spent being happy and carefree before being suddenly faced with a woman clearly uneasy made his adrenline begin to pump. He didn’t need any more permission than the nod he had received so he turned and said with a slightly raised voice to draw attention, “Dean, over here.”
“It’s just so long overdue. I mean how did life get so busy that I never came out to visit your house. It took too long.”
“I think I do. Please tell me more,” Cas said. His voice sounded… robotic. No inflection of emotion. Stone-cold. Controlled.
“Yeah, a story of me and you. For Jack’s future doctor visits and everything. We need something to tell people when we start meeting them in town. We need a good cover story so we aren’t caught with our pants down again. We barely got by with those people at the farmer’s market and we are lucky the hospital staff didn’t look too hard into our background. Something simple and believable. Can’t tell them the truth about any of us.”
The anger had evaporated from Cas’s voice leaving him sounding tired and sad. Cas let his head roll back onto the soft vinyl seat and shut his eyes.
It really was now over never so Dean used his crutches to step into the kitchen further and tried to force his body into a more open and friendly stance. He needed to show Cas that this was a different Dean and challenging him back would only make them butt-heads. If their past was an indication on how well that would go, Dean wasn’t willing to bet on it. He was still willing to try though.
He would not give them the satisfaction. He may be broken and useless but he wasn’t completely stupid. He wasn’t a bomb. This was just another decision since the day of the accident where Dean wasn’t even consulted until the decision had been made and Dean was expected to go along for the ride.
Cas spoke next, “So you still haven’t told me where we are or what happened after I lost consciousness. I would have assumed we died but it doesn’t feel like it.”
“Parents tend to be able to understand their children more than anyone else. It’s a sign of good parenting, Chad,” Brandon disdainfully replied.
The path to human hood was a little harder than anticipated too. Dean bought Cas packet of those plastic floss picks when he overheard Cas cussing at the stringed floss and damning it to hell. Dean had found this hilarious. How to do different loads of laundry irritated Cas to no end. Sam explaining that bed sheets had to be washed on different settings than clothes caused a three day heated argument between the two. Cas remained steadfast and assured in his logic that cloth should all be washed the same but Sam's tutelage came to fruition when Dean was forced to step forward and say his brother was right. These were just small things of many Dean, Sam, and Mary had to teach Cas about how to be mortal.
Cutting his loses, Dean returned to the kitchen. The same woman who handed him the first tray smiled at his return. This time she brought over two platters of scrambled eggs. She smiled sweetly at him and Dean didn’t have to be asked. He took the plates from her and she patted his cheek again.
His knee protested getting out of the car and his lack of physical therapy by sending a jolt of pain through his entire body as the pieces of shattered bone clashed together. The shock forced him to straighten his leg which caused his femur and tense muscles to send out its own wave of pain. He let his leg give out like it wanted to. Dean clenched his teeth and braced his arms against the car to support his weight. Another painful shock made Dean lower his head against the roof.
It was the sunlight that warmed his skin he noticed first. His skin felt overly exposed and prickly like he had been laying outside too long. Blinking his eyes open, Dean slowly evaluated his surroundings.
There was still unease as Sam worried that he was making things uncomfortable for Dean and Cas by forcing them to share a room.
Physical therapy went about as well as could be expected. Mackenzie laid into both Dean and Cas in the first five minutes about missing yet another appointment in less than two months and obviously not keeping up with his at home care. She wasn’t mad, just disappointed she had said which was worse.  Dean felt bad and promised to try harder to appease her. She made Cas promise to be a better partner and he did. She then had Cas pinky promise that he would force Dean to practice at home every night no matter what. Cas awkwardly locked fingers with Mackenzie. The pit in Dean’s stomach grew at the partial lie obvious to Cas and Dean. Once Cas had a house, Dean would be need of a new partner if he stayed at the bunker. If he didn’t stay in the bunker, then Cas could be his partner still.
He found himself on unsteady legs when he pushed himself off the couch. The painkillers had fully kicked in now but the day had still drained him and left him feeling weak. Giving himself a moment to get steady, he steeled himself for the task ahead. Cas was probably up in Jack’s room hiding from his bad attitude.
His mind started running through the likely options. The possibility of it being a demon pretending to be Mackenzie was still there but over the last few years the demons weren’t hiding from Sam, Dean, or Cas so much as taunting them directly to their faces. If there was a demon in Mackenzie, he was going to exorcise it immediately.
The woman walked away leaving Cas alone with the open tractor and the uninhabited hive. Sam watched Cas’s face narrow in focus as he studied the hive. He set the gloves down near the opening and proceeded to put bare hand palm up in the hive and scooped a large handful of bees.
So Sam told him. Sam told him how everything from the time it took to take the x-rays, to the options, to the brace, to the painkillers and physical therapy recommendation. At the end, Sam sounded upset and it seemed Cas was in no better shape.
Cas was always a little peculiar so the logic and conversation didn’t surprise Sam exactly. His human mannerisms were great compared to where they were a few years ago but nothing could ever replace growing up human or spending millions of years as an angel. The guy was right. They were guests and that was a bedroom making the room a guest bedroom.
“Your version of Heaven for humans isn’t a good Heaven and it’s not anything humans would want if they knew what was going on. You think that shoving us back into our memories can appease us. For a while it did, but not a worthwhile existence. You have trapped humans in a false prison making them think they are happy.”
Sometimes they would chat about anything and everything that struck the mood. Cas’s angel memories, funny stories from Sam and Dean’s childhood, Sam and Eileen’s successful formation of the American League of Hunters, Claire and Kaia’s budding relationship, Heaven happenings, and Jack were common topics they discussed. They argued about movies and shows to watch next. They debated politics and discussed improving recipes that didn’t turn out quite as planned. The gossiped extensively about Heaven and its shenanigans.
A few weeks after getting settled in the bunker, Cas had tried to leave the bunker with the Jack in tow. His plans had escaped Dean’s notice until their bags lined the garage door, ready to be loaded into the truck just as Dean was returning from another long drive from the Impala.
“Well on Sundays, we have our booth open at the farmer’s market normally. There are lots of booths and stands there for you two to see and sample if you want to spend a few hours there. If not, we can find something else to do,” Cas said.
The B-team was the Baby team Dean joked. Dean really needed to sleep. Team B was one glamourous 300-year-old witch, a fallen angel, a half-crippled retired hunter, and a baby more powerful than the three of them combined that could contribute nothing but cuteness overall.
Dr. Hines narrowed his eyes at this. For the first time, he appeared disappointed in their answer and Dean couldn’t help but feel bad. He felt like he was failing Jack as a parent for not having a doctor ready and waiting in the wings.
Negotiations were arranged as Cas and Dean worked on setting a time with Gloria’s daughter over the phone. They had originally declined doing it that day because Sam and Eileen were in town but Eileen said she wanted to see Cas in action and Sam wasn’t too far behind in agreeing. This was another thing Sam had been wanting to see for a long time and felt guilty about missing out on.
“His grace can help, Castiel. The archangel grace that runs through his veins, if properly utilized, can allow us to fortify and start repairing heaven immediately. You need to understand something. There are fewer than twenty angels left.”
When the Impala went over a bump, it jarred Dean’s tender leg causing him to yell in pain. As the pain settled and lessened, Dean glanced over to see Sam swallow painfully, tighten his knuckles around Baby’s steering wheel, and focus out the front windshield. In the silence that suffocated the front seat, Dean came to a realization that they both knew his life as a hunter was over.
The partner talk, the warm chest, Jack, massaging, hormones, everything really was replaying on a loop in his mind. It was like he was standing at the edge of a diving board high up in the air. He could see Cas sitting on the edge of the pool below before he felt Mackenzie push him off the diving board. Sink or swim. Dean needed to figure this out and quickly or he would drown
That hit Dean square in the face like one of Jack’s dirty diapers. His brain immediately switched tracks away from Cas massaging him to Jack. Jack wasn’t his son, not technically. Cas was his dad and Dean was helping raise him but that didn’t mean Jack was HIS son. Sure, Dean would die for the kid and the thought of not being in his life made his heart break but that doesn’t make him a father. It’s not like he wouldn’t mind being like a dad to him or even his dad. Dean would like that very much. But it wasn’t his place, that was Cas’s place. Yet, he wasn’t not Jack’s parent either.
Annual Home Town Week. It tooted it’s horn twice much to the thrill of the kids who jumped up and down.
Mary held open her arms and Dean passed a sleeping Jack over to her slowly. Her eyes were soft and Mary relaxed naturally with Jack in her arms. There was no denying how much she loved the kid.
Bobby went to check on Charlie and say goodbye, just in case, even though she still hadn’t stirred. Bobby had agreed that it made more sense to have Charlie here where she wouldn’t slow the other side down and she could help Team B. Eileen and Mary went to get some supplies. Eileen signed briefly to Sam. Dean caught part of the conversation, “talk to him.”
The drive was smooth and about as picturesque as one could take on a warm June night. Eileen had the windows rolled down and her hair was blowing in the breeze as they pulled down the long lane that led to the farmhouse. The tires crunched over the dirt and rocks. Dusk was settling around them and fireflies illuminated both sides of the drive. The heat from the early summer day was slowly dissipating leaving behind the promise of a cool evening. It was the perfect night for a drive to visit family and Sam was so glad they decided to come tonight instead of waiting until the following afternoon like they had originally planned.
Dean refused to look at Sam, how could he when he had fallen so low. He was the big brother. He was the protector. He was the provider. He was supposed to take care of Sam and their little family at the bunker. Now, he was the one being taken care of.
Dean sensed the dangerous charge of a storm brewing but didn’t know how to stop it. No matter how much Dean tried to assure Cas things would get better in the bunker he was met with two responses. Cas either snorted in derision or stared at Dean with such intensity that Dean felt scrutinized. Cas left after the massage saying he needed to talk to Sam about something and Dean was left alone with Jack again.
His steps back across the room were slow until he reached the other side. Cas watched as Dean adjusted Jack into a better position. Proper feeding technique was important so as not to upset baby stomachs Dean had overheard Mary telling Sam in the cabin once before he darted out the door on his way to the hospital. Dean kept adjusting and trying to find the perfect position that would keep Jack away from him and still let him fed. That was until he looked up a saw Cas looking with a frown on his face. Jack was fussing about from hunger and Cas looked ready to intervene.
An unexpected and emotionally draining trip forces Dean and Cas to confront something they had been avoiding as two men living alone with a baby in a house that they bought together- their cover story.
The following story came from the angels. They were pulled by Cas and Dean to the hillside. As they woke up, demons invaded the hill and they were forced to fight their way through. When Cas and Dean disappeared, so did the black ooze that had snapped up Billie. Some of the angels, led by Hannah, had flown down immediately to the bunker to heal Jack and help with the evacuation which frightened the people coming through initially. The first to come through had been mostly refugees as the rebel camp pushed the innocents through first before coming through themselves.
Cas walked forward at this causing the room to fall into a hush. His eyes were cautious and searching. He went up to her and said in a hushed voice, “Rosalind, what do you mean.”
“I think she’s going to be equally upset when she realizes we didn’t do your PT one night this week.”
It took less than 15 minutes for Dean, Matt, Jack, and Lily to return looking like they were in a better mood and having a good time as the farmer’s market officially closed for the day. Last minute shoppers flitted in and out but most people didn’t seem to mind. When Natalie had bid them goodbye, she asked if they were going to the game and Cas said they see if everyone was up for it. Natalie had to take the twins to baseball practice so Matt’s dad Charles would be taking Lily until Dean immediately volunteered and offered to drop her off afterwards to which Matt happily agreed.
As time went on, Sam and Dean started talking less. It was still at least 3 times a week even today and Dean was always updating him via text and email about cute Jack and Cas moments as they happened. Sam returned the favor by keeping Dean and Cas in the loop too. Sam has been busy running an organization he built with his bare hands and Dean has been busy making the house the envy of the county if Dean was to be believed.
That shook Dean awake. Cas brought up a subject Dean actively avoided thinking about because the more projects he got done, the closer the house came to being finished, and then Dean would be without a job. No hunting and no repairs would mean that Dean would have nothing to focus on. That was a long, dark rabbit hole that Dean refused to acknowledge to avoid slipping down. Cas was moving ahead in his life so Dean needed to as well.
Cas slowly opened his eyes and Dean could tell that he was forcing his emotions back. He looked to the ceiling and let out a long sigh before turning. He met Dean’s eyes and Dean saw layers upon layers of shame and hurt in Cas’s. The blue eyes that were usually happy or tired or content were trying desperately to hide the sorrow he felt for himself. Dean let his own disappointment and grief for Cas show. Cas only held the gaze for a second longer before looking away. He walked slowly away from the angels and back towards the human faction. Away from what he was no more.
They startled Sam who had been gazing off in a daydream when the technician brought Dean back into the room. Sam raised his eyebrows at Dean and Dean pointedly looked away and fixed his eyes on a spot on the far wall. Sam didn’t ask what had taken so long and Dean didn’t offer an explanation. He focused on the spot to ignore Sam and his leg.
He settled down across from Jack, "Let's start at the beginning. A long, long time ago, in this universe, on Earth way before I was born..."
To the best of Dean’s knowledge, Cas had never taken the ring off. Not during any fights, bad days, or home repairs. Not at home, in town, or their visits to the bunker. Dean had taken it off every time after they returned from town at first and during the first few trips to the bunker but there was always a slight, unnamed pain in his chest when he did so.
Dean could appreciate a good classic car and by the looks of this one it was in near mint condition. The cherry beauty gleamed in the sun and the owner clearly thought the car was special enough to park it in a way that took four parking spots. Granted, the guy was right. Dean walked along the driver’s side, around the rear, and then around the passenger’s side admiring the car the whole time. Not a single scratch in the paint. The car was definitely nice and the condition showed that it likely never received a single dent unlike the Impala.
Dean entered his last appointment alone. The receptionist grabbed Cas and asked him to fill out some paperwork including a survey so Cas remained in the lobby. Dean was just happy it wasn’t him having to do paperwork.
Sam straightened his shoulders and prepared to make a noble plea that came so much more naturally to the younger Winchester, “Rowena, we need your help. These innocent people need your help. The only thing I can offer you is our gratitude, a favor from each of us, and the chance to help save a lot of good people. We are going to try to help them no matter what but we would rather have a powerful witch on our side helping save these people. If we don’t figure out how to get the portal to stay open or reopen it, then these people will die at the hands of a vicious archangel. You know better than most how painful that death is. Can you help us stop them from suffering the same fate?”
The most damaged feather was nestled on the part of the wing shaft that was on Cas’s shoulder and upper arm. That poor feather dangled precariously from the shaft and looked like it could fall off at any second. Like if Cas shifted too quickly the feather would detach and glide gently to the floor.
Cas smiled at the joke and Dean returned it. His blue eyes bore into Dean as he bounced Jack and his grip on Dean’s wrist warmed him. Dean licked his lips and Cas’s eyes moved to watch.
Dean tightened his grip on Cas’s waist as Cas pulled his hand from his bloody side and grabbed Jack’s grace with it.
Sam asked later that night after the second at home physical therapy session when Dean was getting a drink from the kitchen how it went and if he needed to be Dean’s partner. Dean readily assured him that Cas and Dean did fine. Sam seemed relieved not to have to step in.
Mary led the approach to the library with her gun drawn. Dean monitored the rear with his colt resting in his hand by his side. There was a bright light coming from the library which Dean faintly recognized but didn’t have time to piece together when he heard someone approaching behind him. He leveled his gun to find Cas approaching angel blade in one hand and holding Jack with the other. Jack’s eyes were puffy from crying, his lip was trembling, and his face was red.
“Are you sure it was a good idea to purchase something that is going to require wo- time to fix?” Sam asked.
Stewart eyed Cas as if trying to get a read on him so Dean decided to properly introduce the two, “Cas, this is Stewart Winston owner of Winston Automotive and the mustang we saw earlier. Stewart, this is my partner, Castiel Smith.”
Jody nodded in understanding and glanced at the now bleeding Claire who nodded before she stepped back into the rift.
“Dean, are you uncomfortable because we are going to do your PT in the living room instead of your bedroom?”
“I miss some parts of being an angel. Of course, I miss my wings and flying but I lost those a long time ago. I miss my brothers and sisters even more now that we understand each other better. I do miss my powers every day. I miss feeling almost invincible. I miss feeling strong. I miss my extensive knowledge and old memories that seem to fade more and more every day. I miss my ability to heal people probably the most. Every time Jack’s asthma acts up or your leg causes you pain, I want to wipe it away with a wave of my hand even though I wouldn’t be able to. If I was still an angel, I could fix so many things. If I had been paying more attention after coming back through the rift, maybe I could have stopped Lucifer. Maybe, I would still have my grace-“
Another part of Dean was a little sad knowing that he would be seeing less of Cas and Jack when he went back to hunting regularly. Cas wouldn’t be there to help with heavenly powers anymore, but he could help with the bunker by reading lore and manning phones when he could. Cas wanted to be there for Jack so he would be their home base. Their center. Their lighthouse in a storm.
The only thing Hannah could see was Jack’s bright soul and a small scar healing from the ripped grace. The spell had worked a little better than intended because it had not only removed Jack’s grace but his wings and angel form as well leaving only his human soul behind according to Hannah. Almost three weeks had gone by which should have been enough time for an archangel Nephilim to replenish at least a little grace. The truth of the matter was Jack had been made human with the spell and it was unlikely he would ever have grace again. Another permanence nobody asked for or wanted. Dean now had two fallen angels in his life. Neither Dean nor Cas (or anybody who valued their life) had dared voice Jack’s human status yet until Dean just had in anger.
fix the house, come hell or high water. It was everything unspoken that came with the house that he was worried about.
When he wasn’t spending most of his waking moments managing other hunters from the base they established at the bunker, he and Eileen were out hunting themselves. Sam and Dean had originally talked every day, sometimes more than that, on the phone when Dean and Cas first left.
Cas went back to looking out the window and watched the rain pour down around them. Dean was free to stare at Cas more openly now. Cas had ditched the trench coat and suit not long after returning from the Empty. Dean never asked why. Now, he was in a blue hooded sweatshirt that brought out his eyes and a pair of well-worn jeans. There was a hint of stubble on his face and his hair was longer than normal. Dean took in all of Cas and felt a sharp pain of longing in his chest. Not a word had been said about “before” but Dean had been meaning to talk-
Cas paused for a moment as he thought and spoke slowly with his brow furrowed in concentration as he spoke, “I like our story, Dean.”
He assumed his other cat had darted from the other room into his bedroom. He’d definitely have to lock her in the room later if Dean was expected to leave here unscathed.
A black ooze was no longer a dot and it swirled menacingly just outside their grace safe haven. Dean knew that whatever was chasing them in the nothing empty space was right in front of them intending to take them for causing a loud disruption. Dean briefly wondered if Billie ever caught up to them before Cas drew him in to refocus their attention.
The silence that stretched out now that he and Eileen were alone in the living room was peaceful. Granted, Eileen had finally nodded off and had curled herself around a decorative pillow but Sam couldn’t help being happy despite his exhaustion. Happy for Dean for finally getting the life away from hunting he deserved. Happy for Cas and his adjustment his new role. Happy for Jack to have two kind and caring fathers who loved him enough to give him a normal life. Happy he and Eileen were finally here to experience it.
Eileen was shaking her head as soon as Dean started talking, “We’ll be fine. Cas and Jack are probably hungry anyway.”
“Cas, I promise that if it was an actual problem, I would have done something more by now. Don’t get me wrong, it’s a little uncomfortable right now and I don’t like having to do physical therapy or the idea of massage therapy. When everything hits tomorrow, I’m probably going be pissed. It will probably take some time to get used to but as long as we both promise not to be weird about it, I think we’ll be alright.”
Sam spoke up instead, “Well, our Mom is usually around. And our friend Cas lives with us too. I’m sure he would offer to help too. My girlfriend would also help if asked.”
“They are some of our closest friends. We actually met here at the farmer’s market. Our youngest, Lilian is the same age as Jack and they get along like two peas in a pod. Best friends in fact. They’re in the same playgroup for preschoolers and soccer team. Our 6-year-old twins Trevor and Rose like playing with Jack too. Wallace is our oldest at 10.”
This place had reminded him of Cas when he laid eyes on it. In fact, he had pulled the Impala over that first time he had taken in the sight of the meadow. He thought about this place frequently when Cas was in the hospital during the moments when sadness overwhelmed him and he thought Cas was lost to him. Now, he and Cas were here together.
For the first time in what felt like a while, Dean told the whole truth. He hated the loud bunker and had been trying to be a good friend by pretending to be happy to try to cheer Cas up. Sure, he liked the people but he didn’t like living with them. He ignored the part about Sam.
“He’s helping Charlie with something on the computer. Plus, you know as well as I do he knows very little about the inner workings of cars.”
“Peachy keen, Inspector Gadget. Let’s go to the other store and see if we can find you those Better Boys in the garden section.”
“We haven’t had to deal with that yet thankfully but either way we’ll have to move it far away. We’ll treat it if it’s possible but if it poses too much of a risk to the other hives then it will have to get destroyed. I want avoid that at all costs,” Cas said seriously.
Turns out it did not take long to break Dean down and turn him into a mush over a cute baby. He tried to convince himself he was just trying to make Cas happy but even Dean could recognize the feeble lie sparsed amongst the truth. Somebody should have told Alastair, it would have saved them both a whole lot of trouble.
Instead, Cas was hyper focused on making sure that Jack had a proper upbringing and was shaped into a good person from a young age. He was insistent that Jack be tolerant and loving off all people regardless of sexual orientation, skin color, and religion and wanted to teach such from a young age. Cas devoured child rearing books in his free time and would even force others (Dean mostly) to read them afterwards. Whether it was because of who Jack’s father was or if Cas wanted Jack to be a well-rounded child Dean couldn’t be for certain but Cas came to the conclusion that their already established Story Time was the way to ensure Jack would be an open and accepting child.
Five minutes after three, Sam cleared his throat and clapped loudly to get everyone’s attention. He straightened up to his full height and stood proud. Dean leaned back against the wall and decided he would resign himself to being the quiet watcher. Not that he was good at keeping his opinions to himself but he was going to try. Let Sam be the brains and Dean would be the brawn.
Dean thought. For completely ignoring the way Chad hits on him. For wanting to have a garden and bees as a hobby to help the environment and letting Dean be a part of it. For knowing Dean. For challenging him. For being unabashedly Cas even when he doesn’t know it.
Dean was startled awake and immediately reached for his gun. Whatever was here had made it to the door at the top of the stairs in the war room and was trying heartily to break in. The vibrations shook the room as a force rammed against the door again.
“I’m looking out for the T-Rex, can’t let it scoop us up before we’ve even had the chance to get dinner.”
Mentally, Dean was trying to both not think about his soon departure and planning for the next time for he would see Jack again. See his baby dimples, blue eyes, chubby arms, and blonde hair. How big would Jack be when Dean saw him next. There was a small hope that it would be soon and without the grace to fuel his growth spurts that he would be the same size. He hoped Jack would remember him.
He hadn’t even started the paperwork when the broken-toed woman began admonishing the poor receptionist with more gusto. It was then Dean decided to take a good look at the nurse who was about to be the woman’s chew toy. She was a tired looking 20- something who obviously had had enough of this woman and was seriously reconsidering her career with every word the spewed from the monster’s mouth.
“Tattoos mean nothing. Prove that the whole mythos is real. That you’re not a serial killer. That you won’t hurt me or my family or other innocent people the second I let you go.”
“I don’t have a problem with us being fake married, Dean. It makes the most logical sense in Jack’s case.”
“Now that you mention it,” Cas said with a wince as he felt his side and moved himself into a sitting position that Dean mimicked.
The only solace was that everything seemed to be simpler in the light of day. The things he had thought and the implications behind what they had and had not found seemed more far-fetched now that his mind had rested somewhat. It seemed preposterous that Cas and Dean of all people might be sharing a bed permanently and not tell the people they were closest to. Obviously, they cleared out the room for Sam and Eileen to visit. That had to be the explanation because it was the only one that made sense.
Then, Cas looked up and gave Dean the brightest smile he had ever seen. Cas told Dean he liked the plan.
Sam went to get into the car and he fiddled with his keys in his hand. It was a habit Dean had long been aware of when Sam needed something but didn’t know how to ask for it. Dean coughed into his hand before opening his arms to let his younger brother step in a give him a hug. Their hug lasted a longer than normal and it was hard for Dean to let go. When Sam pulled away, he looked up at the front porch behind Dean, gave a nod, and smiled before piling himself into his own car.
“Yeah sure, I can totally buy you dinner. Wait not tonight. I kinda agreed to this thing with Sam... So raincheck maybe?”
Cas also laughed easier and seemed to just be freer now that he was no longer an angel. The more Dean learned about human Cas, the more he liked him. He liked the quirks, the snips, the off-handed comments, the intelligence, and the level of comfort Cas was finally settling into the bunker. He read books at blinding speeds on the nights Dean took Jack. Cas’s laugh at shows grew more and more frequent which puzzled Dean until he realized Cas was empathizing more with the characters on the screen. Cas and Sam would bicker as friends do as Cas settled in which brought Dean nothing but pure delight. Mary adored Cas plain and simple.
Mackenzie rose from her seat and strode forward after sensing the initial tension in the room. Dean nearly missed the confused look that crossed her face when Cas entered before she smoothed out her face with an even brighter smile. She stuck her hand out and introduced herself with a big cheery grin but her eyes were studying Cas with great interest. Her ponytail bobbed the whole time but the spark of intelligence that glistened in her eyes told Dean that she was calculating new information at rapid speed. Dean mentally started re-calibrating the physical therapist another time. She was bubbly but Dean was starting to sense that this was just the surface persona.
“Also, if you and your partner are married and you are both legal guardians, then it’s okay if you are the only one to sign and fill out all corresponding paperwork. If you are not married, then the primary legal guardian will need to sign everything but there is an option to add a secondary guardian and release forms for that we can fill out which have to be completed and validated by a member of the staff prior to filling out the intake forms. They are on this page…”
“Oh. Yes, I remember now. ‘Life finds a way.’” Cas’s voiced slipped even lower while quoting the movie, the gravel in his voice even more pronounced.
Dean quickly ditched the ineffective gun and saw the angel blade on a table nearby. He tried to move forward but his leg locked up. Dean grabbed his crutch next to his former seat and used that to help propel him towards the angel blade. One monster flipped a table as it rushed towards Dean. Eileen released another few shots from behind him.
Cas had pulled out his phone and was showing Mackenzie a couple pictures of Jack doing tummy time based on what Dean could see from this angle. Mackenzie awed appropriately and called Jack cute. She asked Cas to get a video and bring it in next week for her to see.
Cas and Eileen were so deep in conversation that they didn’t notice Sam and Dean rejoin them on the porch until they were standing nearly on top of them. Sam leaned forward to drop an unsuspecting kiss to Eileen’s cheek which made her cheeks flush slightly pink and her smile stretch even wider. When she turned towards him to return a chaste kiss, Sam couldn’t help but stare because of how breathtaking she looked.
“Don’t let her or the demons get it. Whatever you do, don’t let her get the grace. She’ll destroy more than just Heaven. Her reign as death…” Duma pleaded in Dean’s arms before trailing off. Her eyes were glazed over but sincere and Dean believed her.
"I'm fine. Just wanted to make sure you didn't stink up your room so much that Eileen was forced out. I know how you get with Mexican food."
That wasn’t Sam had been expecting. He had forgotten about loaning the Dean book after a few months. It was odd that Dean would be nervous or bet that he lost a book. He lost books all the time at the bunker. This wasn’t something new or a big deal. There was something off about the whole situation but Sam decided to push past it.
Rowena started the incantation. She waved her hands in grand gesture and combined a few ingredients. The combination sent up a blue puff of smoke. A breeze fluttered into the room. Another flurry of words and vial of liquid was added. Rowena kept speaking, her voiced building and building. A gust of wind blew through the room ruffling everyone’s hair and clothes. Finally with a grand throw of another ingredient, the air in the room stilled.
Mary and Eileen both insisted they go. Two of the toughest women Dean knew would be needed during this expedition. Eileen explicitly stated she would not sit back when people were in danger this time no matter how much Sam wanted to protect her. Sam and Eileen signed rapidly during their argument but when Eileen flashed a triumphant smile, Dean knew she had won. Sam really had met his match.
“You’re secretly a Disney villain and know that the mouse doesn’t allow for on screen murders anymore?”
Sam paused at the end of his speech. The line stayed eerily quiet. Sam nervously glanced at Eileen who had turned her eyes back to Sam after Cas’s interpretation. She rubbed his arm in a comforting manner. Mary had her head turned and eyes focused on the wall as she listened intently for Rowena’s response already calculating their next move no matter the witch’s decision. Bobby looked stoic and ready to march into battle. Cas was already looking back at him with an expression that Dean recognized instantly after spending years fighting side by side. With or without Rowena, they would figure this out. They would figure everything out including how to save Jack.
“Oh so you are going to change his soiled diapers or feed and burp him every three hours. One of the angels is going to rock him to sleep or hold him constantly when he won’t stop crying due to his colic. I’m sure you can try to use your grace to coax him to sleep but his archangel grace is stronger. He’s still half human which means he has human needs. Let me come with and I’ll continue to care for him.”
Neither options were happening. Dean would make sure of that. He would start by looking like he was playing their game.
Dean wasn’t going to even try to pretend he didn’t know what Cas was talking about. His search history would prove that he knew exactly what was coming next. He felt flighty and if he could run away he definitely would have.
Guilt wrapped its tendrils and squeezed Dean’s heart at Dr. Hines’ words. He shifted and pain shot through his leg causing him to grimace. Dr. Hines glanced down at the brace on Dean’s leg and back up quickly. Dean saw the gears shifting in his head and his eyes calculated.
Dean knew exactly what she was experiencing. Breaking the news of a hidden world to victims and families for years had prepared himself for that moment. She needed time to think. Slowly, Dean asked, “Mackenzie, are we good?”
A simple nod was given before Cas and his dirty self were gone. Dean worked on reheating the leftover alfredo and baked a loaf of garlic bread. The smell spread from the kitchen to the lower level of the house as Dean set the folding table for him and Cas. Cas came back downstairs and tossed his stuff in the laundry room before sitting down to eat with Dean. Cas was right about being hungry. He demolished two servings and three fourths of the loaf of garlic bread before he spoke a single time.
“Baby isn’t a jealous lady. She’s the only gal for me but a man can’t help but admire the sheer beauty when directly in front of him.”
“I haven’t assigned it yet. I wanted another opinion before I sent anyone out. You don’t have to worry about it tonight because you probably have to get going to Story Time?”
Done recapping, Sam plowed ahead, “Okay, now let’s move onto the hard part. Where do we go from here? I think we should start with things that are a little more straightforward which is first getting the people in the bunker established in fake lives and for that I’ll turn it over to Charlie.”
Sam’s stayed silent much to Dean’s relief when the doctor got up and signaled outside the door for the nurse to assist with fitting the brace. He wouldn’t have been able to handle Sam’s sympathy for his now crippled brother. Sam and Dean watched the doctor and a skilled nurse show Dean how to put the brace on, how to determine the proper amount of pressure from the bands and knee portions, how to adjust the straps depending on what Dean was wearing. They asked Dean questions as they went and he responded minimally. It took them about 15 minutes to get the brace into the correct position that Doctor Sands was happy with.
Cas didn’t ask what happened when Dean said he needed to be picked up. He just showed up with his truck and Jack in his car seat. Cas put Jack in the back seat of the Impala, helped Dean slide over to the passenger side, and drove them home. Sam picked up Cas’s truck on their way back into town. Cas never judged him and Dean was forever grateful.
Rowena was casting the spells to save everyone. Charlie could barely walk and needed to help Rowena. Cas was holding Jack who needed to flee when Rowena was done with her current spell. Kaia needed to be there to close the rift and she need Claire. Alex was needed for the triage. Dean’s bum leg was still adjusting to the brace and life without a crutch but he knew he had to do it. He didn’t want to do it but what other option was there.
When Sam called to check-in on Cas later that night, it was then Dean learned what had set off the latest episode. Sam had been consulting with Cas about a missing angel case for the last week. It was one of the angels Cas had pulled out of the Empty. Dean recognized the name immediately. All 171 angels were etched into his brain permanently. The angel was part of the group of 46 that had been originally lost to misunderstanding and tragedy. The poor angel hadn’t escaped tragedy in their second life.
The session was a more painful than he recently remembered. When Mackenzie was going over homecare reminders in the last five minutes, Cas got a call and stepped out for a moment. Mackenzie didn’t say anything but did smack Dean on the top of her head with her pen when Dean watched Cas leave the room to get him to pay attention. She even forced Dean to agree to an extra session a few days later because of his recent backtrack in abilities.
With a scowl on her face, Meg punched Balthazar in the arm hard. There was little doubt in Cas’s mind that there would definitely be a bruise tomorrow morning.
Arms busy pressing Dean’s down to his sides and legs keeping Dean underneath him, Cas took his wet cheek and rubbed it against Dean’s causing the paint to smear. Their stubble rubbed together long enough to make Dean feel some weird sorta way before Cas backed off. He stared at Dean, blue eyes shining triumphantly in his victory. They maintained eye contact for a few moments longer while Dean struggled to breathe before Jack babbles came in over the baby monitor and their paint war ended. That day stuck with Dean for a long time. A long, long time.
began to role. Pausing it with a sigh, Dean yelled loudly that whoever was waiting at the door could come in. The handle turned slowly and much to his surprise Cas’s head peaked in.
Two months in and it was practically a weekly neighborhood event with Bruiser and an embarassed Dean serving as entertainment. Neighbors would come out to their front steps to watch Dean and Bruiser on their path of destruction. It was unusual but most people seemed to enjoy watching the bulldog in his element.
“That would be nice,” Dean choked out. The only sound Dean could hear was the whistle of the wind and the creak of an old fencepost.  Sam’s care was long gone.
Dean’s heart broke for Cas’s imagined childhood. In his mind, he pictured a young and rebellious Cas spending all his time outdoors to escape a strict house. As a kid, he would have driven his siblings nuts just like Cas still did with his winged brothers and sisters. He imagined Cas causing mayhem only to later be ostracized from his family after spending years hiding himself. Parents that would not talk to Cas again because Cas “married” Dean. Parents that would not want to meet Jack because of their family structure. Those thoughts left a bitter taste in Dean’s mouth and made him want to punch Cas’s fake parents.
Dean didn’t want the painkillers that had been prescribed to him. He didn’t want to take a single pill despite his physical therapist, new doctor, and Cas all insisting that he do. The night that Dean had taken that little fateful road trip away from the bunker Dean decided to cut back the meds completely. He felt weak relying on them and it worried him he would develop a dependency because all he wanted to do that night was down some to numb the pain of Cas and Jack leaving. Dean hadn’t realized how much he had drank until Cas and Sam had made it impossible to find one. Dean didn’t want to go down that road with another thing that could take the edge off. Ever since he stopped taking his meds like clockwork, he started having more bad days.
Charlie explained how she and her team were already working on establishing fake identities for the 166 people that had come through the rift. Their first goal was to get refugees and families who had been caught in the crossfire between the rebellion and the angels established. These people where about half of the people who came through the rift. They would be set up with fake information and a bank account that would have enough money to let them a start to a well-deserved life.
Cas had collected more plants for his garden it seemed while Dean had been preoccupied. He briefly said hello to Chad and Brandon before flashing a smile at Dean. Dean smiled back, relayed information on the status of Better Boys, and began to help Cas unload the cart onto the checkout lane.  Brandon rung up the purchase and gave Dean the total.  Jack was talking and babbling at Cas who was nodding very seriously in response. Chad raked his gaze over Cas unabashedly, lingering on the waistline of his jeans where a sliver of skin was peeking out when he reached over to grab something out of the diaper bag. Dean thought about taking out his gun Just Desserts style and ending his issues with Chad right there.
He would not normally disgrace Baby like that either but the men’s room didn’t have a changing table and, even if it had, the bathroom was so disgusting that Dean wouldn’t have wanted to set Jack down in there out of fear of him catching some weird disease. Hell, Dean still felt the grim and the germs and it made him want to jump into a vat of hand sanitizer.
Dean looked a little confused about the rebuff but not overly concerned, “Yeah, that should be fine. I don’t have a problem with that. We can probably all head back to the house if you guys aren’t feeling up to it.”
Sam turned around with start. His face of shock and relief tugged at Dean’s heart. Sam hugged him immediately and Dean let him. He clapped him on the back but let Sam be the one to choose the length of the hug. It felt good to see his brother after so many days of worry. The cut on his cheek was gone and he looked healthy.
Billie met Dean’s eyes with an intense gaze before turning away. She pulled her scythe from the wall and it scraped against it in a terrible screech. She walked away for a few moments until sudden requests bombarded her.
Jody was pinching the bridge of her nose from where she sat nearby.  Alex stood on the opposite wall watching the whole thing with a with a smirk. Donna was bouncing Jack in her arms who looked like smiley and let out another laugh causing the lights to flicker and for her to pause before bouncing him slightly less. Rowena was rubbing her temples from the end of a table far from the commotion. Leaning against the wall of the entrance, Dean found Charlie after he nearly collided with her.
Owl hoots sounded off in the trees nearby and the moon illuminated the pathway from the house to the barn where they stored the cars. The snow crunched underneath his feet. Baby was parked in the first stall of the partially decrepit barn. Cas’s truck was parked next to the Impala in another stall. Dean climbed into the driver’s seat and barely allowed the ignition to turn before he was pressing the accelerator to the floor and maneuvering the car to the front of the house.
Cas had even told him that he shouldn’t feel pressured to wear it. They weren’t married after all and they were trying to hold up the ruse. But once Dean caught a glimpse of sadness in Cas’s eyes when Cas saw Dean’s ring on the counter when he thought he wasn’t looking and that was it for Dean. It stayed on for him too. If Cas was going to do it, he was going to do it too. For Jack. So Jack could be safe and secure in his fake life.
Another 20 minutes passed, the pain was getting to be too much and he could feel the bones grinding together from the abuse. Without saying anything, Dean scratched Heaven off his list of places they were. There was no way that in Heaven his leg would be the source of his hell too.
Letting what Eileen’s words sink in, Sam knew there was only logical assumption. If Cas didn’t sleep in this room, he was likely sleeping in the room he was currently occupying with Dean. If they were sharing a room that meant they were sharing a bed. There was only one logical assumption that could be drawn from two people sharing a bed together. That idea would have merit if this were normal people. But this was Cas and Dean.
It felt weird walking into his brother’s house without him. He was just a guest after all. Sam felt dirty knowing he was about to snoop through Dean’s stuff like he did when he was a snot-nosed kid trying to figure out why Dean kept hiding the “magazines” he would read when he thought he was alone. Sam had learned a lot the day he found those magazines and there was an edge of anticipation Sam finding out another one of Dean’s secrets.
Then, Dean sat there and waited. Pain hummed through him despite the anesthetic, and he was ready to get the show on the road but the technician never came out to get him. Drumming his fingers on his good leg, Dean began to hum Smoke of the Water to soothe his nerves.
The first few exercises Dean could do on his own and were relatively painless. Cas’s hand’s were still there guiding him but he didn’t need him to push or pull. Cas’s fingers felt light as feathers as they barely grazed his legs through the fabric. The small touches sent sparks through his skin.
Much to Dean’s embarrassment, Doctor Sands then had Sam to come over and check the setup himself to ensure that Dean would follow protocol and have help to put the brace on days when Dean couldn’t do it himself. Much to his further dismay, the doctor then had Sam practice removing and putting Dean’s brace back on him like Dean was an infant.
While Sam had been speaking, Dean started shaking his head and re-clenching his jaw in a desperate attempt to keep the tears and bile at bay. Having Sam see him and have to help him like this was already too much. Now, they were pulling the other three adults in his life and forcing them to care for see how useless and broken he was. He didn’t need their help. He didn’t want them to see him like this. He could already imagine the looks of pity.
Cas had just emerged from his room and appeared to open his mouth to ask a question when Dean brushed past him. Pushing the crutches forward faster, he avoided meeting Cas’s eyes. A third step of footsteps joined Dean’s walk of shame. He slammed the door of his room in Sam’s face before he had the chance to enter. Outside he heard Sam sigh and Cas take a few tentative steps forward.
Cas’s smile faded just a little and a hard to read expression crossed his face when Dean is done asking his rambling questions. Dean felt his heart drop in worry. He obviously has done something wrong or said the wrong thing.
Cas also became more bold somehow and would walk into Dean’s room to steal his clothes in front of him before Dean ordered a bunch of stuff online for both their closets. Cas still preferred Dean’s faded shirts to the new ones because they were “comfier” which made Dean smile and roll his eyes at the same time. Dean pretended not to notice as he ended up with more new clothes and less of the old stuff. The dude would never had lasted in that dang suit and trench coat.
It wasn’t until they saw the house when they had to move him into a nursing home that they realized how much damage had been done after years of neglect. The beloved house had fallen apart. It got quiet not long after that. The youngest got teary eyed as he made his way out the door and Dean felt the urge to hug him. Now, he felt like he had to fix the house up not only for Cas and Jack but for return of happy memories. The kids kept glancing back at the house until they disappeared down the gravel driveway.
She swallowed and nodded in response. It took the rest of the appointment time after Hannah and Balthazar left for Mackenzie to come out of the daze. She had been asking questions about monsters, demons, and angels, had a minor religious panic about her lack attending church (Cas assured her she didn’t need to worry, Chuck didn’t take attendance, Dean said he didn’t give a shit), and a small fear for her lesbian sister’s eternal soul (Dean said that wasn’t a concern either and told him about their Charlie kicking it up in Heaven). When her phone buzzed in her pocket, she told her dad who was chief of police for the town that she was fine and the stalker hadn’t appeared.
The breathing of the sleeping baby slowed slightly and he fell into a deeper sleep. He seemed unperturbed by the events going on around him. A graceless Nephilim.
Cas’s eyes went wide at Sam’s words. He started backing up and shaking his head before Sam thrust the phone into his hand and went to meet Eileen. Mary moved to let him join their triad and they immediately began conversing over the paper. Dean was left out of the loop again so he turned to watch Cas’s turmoil.
“Tell her I’m gonna win the bet. I’ll let her down easy at the end of the week. Don’t think the kid is going to be too happy forking out fifty bucks when her car is still broken.”
The garage was at half capacity with the new hunters beginning to go out to explore the world filled with pizza, people, and movies. Baby sat there in all her glory shining like a beacon. The keys jangled as he pulled them out of his pocket and unlocked the door. The door creaked in a familiar way that sounded like music to his ears. He went to slide in when his false tranquility was displaced.
Sam nodded once in understanding. He let his eyes wander and noticed Cas was looking at them in confusion as if he caught the end of the exchange. Cas’s attention was redirected as Jack came up and asked for something Sam couldn’t hear.
When they arrived back, Sam was playing with Jack who was laid across his lap on the couch recently added to the Dean Cave and Eileen was watching Sam. Dean plopped down with a sigh not too far from him. Cas excused himself to prep a bottle for Jack and Eileen got up to join him in the kitchen for a snack. Eileen and Cas walked away signing and Dean watched until he couldn’t see them anymore.
Eileen pursed her lips together as if she was trying to decide what to do. Sam watched the decision settle on her face within a few seconds. With a raised eyebrow and getting right to the point, Eileen signed back, “I don’t think Cas lives in this room.”
The time read 7:48 when Dean cut the rumbling engine in his spot in the garage. Cas let out a big yawn which Dean mimicked seconds later. Jack had fallen back asleep an hour ago and was conked out with his neck hanging in a position that made Dean’s ache in sympathy immediately. He was getting old when a day of easy driving made him sore and when he thought about sleeping on his neck wrong made it hurt.
The demon sneered at Dean before replying, “Why do you think? The archangel grace. He is the most powerful being currently in existence outside of God himself. Our king has been training us to feel it’s grace by feeding us archangel grace. We need it and now it calls to us. Big things have been happening and we finally tracked it down. Lucifer’s son belongs to the successor and the throne of Hell. Not in the hands of two washed up hunters and a useless angel-“
Sympathy for his friend gnawed at his composure. There was a simple fix Dean quickly figured out and Dean made a mental note to offer night duty soon so Cas could get some sleep before remembering he was not going to do that. He needed to stick to his guns. He was going to like Jack just enough to appease Cas and Sam. No more and no less.
Taking his time to stand, Dean carefully leaned his weight to his right side. He tried to pretend that the stiffness from the lack of PT and spending most of the last few days hiding in his room wasn’t there. He had also skipped his session with Mackenzie for the week. If he pretended to be fine long enough, then Cas wouldn’t notice.
A shrill voice in the background interrupted and Cas promptly let go of his wrist, “I heard that Dean. Honestly, what happened? One minute I was imagining Samuel on his knees begging me to save you lot and the next thing I know the baby screams, the phone goes silent, and it sounds like dead birds dropping out of the sky.”
Dean had stopped trying to keep Jack fully awake and had focused instead on letting Jack rest. Jack had grown sleepy as his bedtime ritual drew to a close and was snuggled into the blanket Dean had carefully wrapped around him. Jack’s little fist was curled around one of Dean’s fingers of Dean’s free hand. Dean was deep in thought, processing every word from the story, as he stared down at little Jack.
Sam returned with a nurse in tow, and they helped transfer Dean painfully from his bed to the wheelchair. The shame of having two grown adults help him move from a bed to a wheelchair was overwhelming but somehow matched but the pain coursing through his body. His chest hurt but his leg was debilitating. The nurse unhooked his morphine line and the now familiar numbness began to fade.
That made Dean happy knowing that Cas liked it so much. He was right all along and tried to hide a proud smirk.
Imagine his own surprise when they matched and Dean popped into his inbox with, “You may be the paleontologist but I really dig you.”
Brandon’s words ripped through the thoughts like an angel blade, “Sorry, out of Better Boys at the moment. I wish I could tell you when they would be back in stock. Chad, did dad mention when the next plant order was coming in?”
Dean watched the Cas trace the jagged cut. He winced again over a tender spot before readjusting the torn t-shirt back. Cas glanced down as he layered the shirt. Dean saw his eyes catch on the burn and quickly look away. His eyes drifted to the space around them. He looked at the plants and tried to peer over the grass for the stream they could hear.
The normally bubbly physical therapist walked in without her usually greeting. She tried pass off the air of acting normal but her shoulders were tense and she looked rigid. She didn’t look Dean in the eye. The stool that she typically pulled over to the where Dean was sitting was pushed against the far wall and Mackenzie sat there. She didn’t move or say anything to Dean.
An hour later Cas’s eyes began to droop and Eileen was yawning. Dean felt just as tired as them so to stay awake he alternated between checking the front door for intruders, checking on Charlie, and returning the rift. At one point, he downed a larger than normal dose of his pain killers to help his abused knee and beaten body. Dean tried to persuade Cas and Eileen to go rest but neither could. Not after being attacked by angels and not with their family in a world being destroyed by angels at the exact same time.
No work on the house got done on these days either. Their time was spent focusing on getting Jack (and each other) through it. Dean would often lay on the couch with Jack pressed against his chest in the position that the doctor said was the most effective for opening airways. He would rub the palm of his hand in soothing circles trying to keep the fussy baby calm. Crying on these days was harder on poor Jack’s lungs and Dean’s heart.
If the pain didn’t diminish over time and they didn’t want to pursue years of surgery, there was fourth and final option. Dr. Sands stopped at this point and pointedly looked from Dean to Sam and then back to Dean. This was not something most doctors even brought up this early in the game but Dr. Sands wanted them to have the full picture. If the pain didn’t diminish, then they could possibly discuss a complete amputation of the leg. He would be fitted with a prosthetic and life could continue from that point with a long path to recovery and adjustment. He wouldn’t be in pain anymore but the journey would be difficult.
“Cas, I hope it’s not too late. I shouldn’t have said those things. You’re my best friend but I just let go. Cause lashing out at you is easier than admitting I’m wrong. I- I don’t know why I get so angry. I just know that i-it’s always been there. And when things go bad, it just comes out. And I can’t stop it.  And I hope you can forgive me. Of course, I hope you can forgive me. I’m sorry it took me so long. I’m sorry it took me so long to say it... Cas, I’m so sorry.”
“Cas, don’t you think I’ve noticed that you always wear long sleeves. Even when we are alone here or when you’re out gardening. The only time you wear a t-shirt is when you sleep. You shouldn’t have to be hot and all layered up because you’re scared or whatever of me seeing…” Dean trailed off as he pointed to Cas’s left arm.
“I just don’t understand Dean,” Cas finally answered, his tone low like he was fighting to keep everything together. Cas didn’t wait for a response before continuing.
Then, it all hit him at once. Jack wasn’t waking up, Kaia was being tortured by whatever she saw, and if they didn’t get the rift open then Sam, Eileen, and Mary were going to be trapped in another world where they were destined to die. Dean needed to take charge now. He needed to save them all.
Standing in front of the house now with Sam now, Dean saw where he was coming from. He didn’t remember the house looking quite so bad before.
Dean was mentally preparing himself to go into the rift as the hours stretched by. Eileen and Dean had fixed the door and debated what wards to put up that wouldn’t hurt Jack and keep the angels out which turned out to be none of them. Remembering Naomi’s threat to let souls go, Dean abandoned the angel wards quickly.
But today it would have been a crime to leave Baby at home. It was too perfect of a day to waste so they loaded into the Impala, rolled the windows down, and took the long way into town. ACDC came in softly over the radio and the Impala hugged the curves of the backroads, purring the whole time. Dean hadn’t been able to get her out nearly as much but with summer approaching that was going to change.
Sam had been right there the entire time for his brother and when he moves out to a farm to raise a kid with his best friend then they decide finally make things happen. Right now, they were sharing a bed and Sam didn’t know if it was just because of Sam and Eileen or if it was more. It looked like more.
In a way, Sam became softer too. He never shied away from showing Jack how much he cared about his nephew. He greeted people with more open arms and take a gentler approach teaching newbie hunters how to survive. He was a long way from his soulless days which could only be for the better.
Jefferson’s hardware store was owned and managed by an older couple and their two adult sons. The store had that homey feel that Dean always saw in movies as a kid. The smell reminded him of sawdust and metal was oddly comforting when it wasn’t making him sneeze. The atmosphere was more relaxed and less critical than that of the big box store.
“Guest bedroom? I thought we were in your room, Cas?” Eileen asked. The look of slight confusion crossed her face. Sam heard the clatter of something drop in the kitchen followed by a string of false expletives from Dean. He looked but couldn’t see what Dean dropped from where he sat.
Sometimes it would be days before Dean would return to Sam and Mary as different nurses who had a soft spot for either Cas or Dean “forgot” to ask Dean to leave or that Dean was no longer a patient. Dean sat by Cas’ bed for days at the hospital as Cas continued his eternal sleep and he had no intention of leaving until Cas woke up. That left Sam and Mary in the cabin.
When they got to the spot that Dean’s friends had picked out, Sam was surprised by how busy it was. Cas warned them it would be packed but the sheer number of people there made it look like the entire town lined the lone street. They stretched beyond his eyesight. Many of the people that surrounded them dressed in various reds and golds representing the local high school team. There were fold-up chairs and coolers spaced out everywhere marking little territories of families and friends. Kids were darting back and forth across the empty street to greet friends and classmates with their various buckets and bags used to collect candy never far from their reach.
Cas spoke up this time as he had been more familiar with Kelly's pregnancy than Dean had. The “biological father” was deceased as well but was the picture of health. He answered that Jack was born a little early but there were no other issues during the birth. Dean couldn’t be sure though because he was only half listening. Probably because bringing up Kelly’s pregnancy was still a sore spot for Dean. Cas had been running from Sam and Dean then and left them behind. A small rush of anger and hurt flooded into Dean’s chest when he remembered Cas hiding from him. It was a familiar feeling and no matter how much Dean tried to reason his way out of these feelings sometimes it would still clutch his heart in a vice-grip of emotions.
Sam knew Jack had started playing soccer with some of his preschool group. Every Sunday at 3:30pm they would have a game and Cas tried to make sure they all made it to each game by packing the stand up the second customers left. This would be the first game Sam was going to attend and he wouldn't have missed it for the world.
Sam watched Dean carefully, gauging his reaction further. Dean knew exactly what he had been looking for, a reaction from Dean. Any big change in their lives and Sam would glance at Dean to see how he was doing. Dean found himself doing fine. Doing better than fine even.
“No. If you’re dead, Castiel and that brother of yours will just try bring you back and the Nephilim will still be lost. If we kill you, you slip out of our control and like every time before you’ll find you way back to this ragtag group of fighters that you always do. Although, I hear Death doesn’t particularly fancy you and has threatened to make it stick next time but those of us who have been burned before know better than to underestimate all the Winchesters, including Castiel. I learned the hard way your death has always been a non-starter for Castiel no matter how much we tried to train it out of him. But if we keep you hidden, well that might just be enough to drive the man insane. After all, he didn’t handle your stint in federal prison well at all if I heard correctly. I need you to know that if Castiel does not appear and if you refuse to corporate, then this is what Castiel will experience.”
Of course, Dean remembered. The eventual beehive and a garden for Cas was one of the reasons Dean thought the house was perfect to begin with. A gut feeling as to where this was going caused Dean to reel back his sarcasm to offer support.
Cas turned his entire body towards Dean at this statement. His pink lips parted into a small, confused O and bright blue eyes squinted at Dean in confusion. Dean wouldn’t chance opening Baby’s door with the falling rain but he would let himself drown in Cas’s eyes if given a chance.
Dean glanced around to check his surroundings. His eyes landed on Cas and Eileen still in line at the concession stand and he smirked dangerously. Sam felt that he was being let in on a juicy secret and leaned forward to listen.
The thoughts of how soft the bed and sheets were as Sam got into bed filled his head and combined with the happy buzz from today until Eileen came in from her shower. She dressed quickly and settled next to Sam with ease before turning to him with a serious look. She looked wide awake and took a long breath like she had been trying to decide whether or not to say something.
Fallen figures around them began to rise but it was too late for their help. The ooze started to vibrate again and Dean knew it is preparing to grab them too. For waking it up. For taking what wasn’t theirs to take. For being too loud.
“Fine, but you’ll have one week not two. We’ll come back and retrieve the Nephilim whether they are ready or not. With or without you, so plan wisely. If you try to run with him, we will bide our time until his grace goes off like a beacon. If anyone tries to kill more angels or keep wards against us in an attempt to hide the Nephilim, the first souls we let go as Heaven falls will be those you care for most.”
Cas fixed Dean with such an intense and withering stare that Dean sighed and apologized for interrupting. The former angel was obviously not in the mood for Dean’s shenanigans tonight not that he ever was if Dean interrupted Story Time.
Dean knees began to shake from exertion, and he briefly considered trying to run with Cas’s limp body as Billie drew herself to full height even with her limp. She swung her scythe is a slow, experimental arc. She stepped over a body less than five feet away without taking her eyes off Dean. She was savoring this moment knowing damn well that Dean couldn’t escape even if he tried. When she opened her mouth, her words flowed calmly.
The first house was in the middle of suburbia. It had little to no yard for Jack to play in or for the garden he knew Cas would want. The houses were practically on top of each other and you could see straight into the house next door if the blinds weren’t shut. It was less than an hour away from the bunker which was the only positive.
“Don’t use my own logic against me,” Cas said half-heartedly with a smile to show he was trying to fake it.
When Cas came back, the pieces began to fit back together slowly yet he had never mentioned them again for fear of his heart being broken one last time. It might break him if Cas had changed his mind and he couldn’t risk it.
Cas already felt dirty from the hours of scrolling, swiping, and getting terrible messages that he almost force closed the app at the sight of something somewhat normal. He decided that’s exactly what he would do after looking at Dean’s pictures.
A seed of doubt about him going in the wrong way with every turn tried to plant itself in Dean’s mind but he buried the thought deep so it had no chance to grow. Time ticked by slowly and quickly as Dean pushed himself into the darker tunnels closer to the edge of the bunker.
Jaw clenched and tears in his eyes the entire time, something shifted in Dean when Doctor Sands had ushered Sam over. A wall of shame slammed into Dean with such a force that it probably would have made him breathless if he wasn’t already struggling to breathe normally. Dean focused on a spot on the wall and refused to make eye contact the entire time only ever moving when requested by Sam or the staff. Dean knew Sam was trying to be gentle but each adjustment sent a shock of electricity and pain through him. Apparently, he would need to help with the brace early on, possibly months, if his growing team of doctors was correct.
The second week, Bruiser did the same but this time he tried to run away with it and Dean had to trap Bruiser between his legs to free the poor bin.
“Yes, yes, Samuel told me the three of you were moving out. If that’s your idea of hot gossip, then I’m going back to the party where I can get an ice cube to warm me up.”
“Oh, I’m sure Dean is the one who counts himself lucky. Especially with how in shape you’re getting Cas. Those thighs are meant for crushing-”
“Dean, will you ask Brandon if he has more Better Boy tomatoes? All I’m seeing are Romas,” Cas without looking up from where he was carefully eyeing their outdoor plants.
Tapping his hands together uneasily now that they were empty, Sam hesitantly asked, “Are we good Dean?”
Everything about Sam said he wanted to argue but resigned himself, “Fine. I came by to see if you were back and give you the itinerary for the next week. You don’t have to do anything that you don’t want to do. It’s up to you but if you want to help and give your experience to the new hunters I would appreciate it. If you want to do none of it, I also understand. One favor I do need is I need your opinion on a case when you got time. It’s the first case I’m sending some of the new hunters on and I want to make sure that they won’t run into something unexpected. I didn’t want to ask but it’s a safety concern so…”
That made Cas smile. His smile looked so radiantly happy that Dean felt embarrassed and shifted his eyes down to the sleeping baby. Jack didn’t know it but Dean felt something so very right click into place.
It wasn’t too long before Dean felt like touched pulled almost every board in the house to either replace, repair, or crave sigils into the underside. Each room had a devil’s trap carved into the underside of woodwork at the entrance. The floors shined when he was done but no matter what he did sometimes the creaks would still persist. It was an old house that had fewer complaints now that Dean had fixed the floor but he never managed to fix all the squeaks.
HE HAD BEEN THE ONE TO CONVINCE DEAN TO STAY IN THE DAMN HOUSE FULL-TIME TO BEGIN WITH. DEAN DIDN'T FOOL HIM FOR A SECOND DURING THAT CONVERSATION.
His stomach grumbled and it was another hour before Dean’s hunger betrayed him. Chiding himself for not picking up lunch on the road, he forced himself into the kitchen and found Perla, Helen, and David in the kitchen who all greeted him warmly. Perla was packing up dinner they had made. Her sons, including David and his boyfriend Carl, were all still here in the bunker so she and a few others had taken over the main role of cooking dinner for the organization.
“There were vertical and horizontal cracks. There were some on the beams and I saw a crack run for over a foot. It would take too much to try to fix it. That house is going to cave in on itself sooner rather than later.”
The first demon came at Dean so fast that Dean used his momentum against him to throw him down the hallway to focus on the other demon rushing him. Dean blocked the second demon’s knife strike with a block of his forearm before using the angel blade in his hand to stab her in the center of the chest. Dean turned to look at Cas but heard another set of footsteps approaching at the other end of the hallway the last demon appeared to be reaching for the gun that Dean had lost curtesy of the first demon. Dean flicked the angel blade in his hand in a simple rotation and threw the blade before the demon had a chance to pick up the gun. The blade sunk into the demon and dropped it to the floor. The hallway appeared demon free for the first time since Dean had stumbled upon the ambush.
“Now Dean, we have already done the first 40 minutes of the appointment so great job! The first step is always the hardest. Here, take a licorice. I only have one rule with snacks, you can’t tell my boss or I’ll have to hide the candy I bring and you won’t get anymore. Deal?”
Mackenzie eyed the newcomers. She must have known she was outnumbered but still held the bear spray in her hand. Mackenzie sternly said, “Make them do something,”
“Massaging is a great and natural way to help heal and improve your overall health when paired with physical therapy. Massaging helps prevent delayed onset muscle soreness, decreases overall pain, and improves recovery time. Not to mention, who doesn’t like a good massage?"
Bobby let out a sigh before he spoke, “Michael found out that your Lucifer entered and exited our world. For some reason, the thought of another world not under his thumb and where Lucifer was still kicking scrambled whatever was left of his featherbrains. He’s been on human killing spree. A band of us went out to rescue Charlie when she was taken. The bastards got us all ‘cept for me and Charlie on the return. We lost them two days ago but we got ambushed by a scout a few hours back and the car got destroyed. When I saw the rift open ahead, I took it as a sign and brought her through. Wasn’t expecting to encounter you but I guess it’s better than a random Wal-Mart where we would traumatize people.”
Dean inwardly groaned at the name until he heard the squeak of the bench. With a quick flick of his eyes, Dean was greeted with the unpleasant sight of Chad looking up from his magazine. Dean’s entire attention was focused on Chad who quickly dismissed Dean before looking around.
He didn’t know for sure that he was going in the right direction but a nudge here and a gut feeling there kept him focused on the task at hand. Dean would have gone for the garage but Cas was going to the unmapped and abandoned hallways of the bunker’s outmost reach.
True to their word, Sam and Cas found every bottle of liquor in the bunker and washed it down the drain that night. Sam checked his brace in the morning and adjusted the lower section Dean couldn't reach after Dean had taken a shower and changed his clothes. Cas arranged his physical therapy appointment in accordance to the calendar he kept of his, Sam’s, Eileen’s, and Mary’s schedules. Cas dispensed pain killers as needed and diligently marked down how effective the dose was versus his pain. Cas made him come to group story time after an animated dinner with Eileen who had cooked a traditional Irish dinner. Cas rechecked the brace as Sam watched before Dean crawled into bed.
Dean goes to physical therapy for the first time and gets more than he bargained for thanks to Sam and Cas. Cas gets dragged into the mess and it sends Dean spinning. Nobody said anything about touching!
“I wasn’t trying to erase her, Cas. I know Jack needs to know about her. He deserves to know about the woman who died so he could live. But we can’t use the last name Kline on his paperwork, you know that right?”
“It’s gonna be a lotta work, no-doubt-about-it! But the greatest successes come after hard work. The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary per Vidal Sassoon.”
Nimble snapping fingers in front of his face drew Dean to back to the conversation and the library. His eyes refocused enough to see Eileen was peering at him curiously. She was leaned partially over the table and looked a little confused as she disrupted Dean’s thoughts.
Cas’s shout sounded more alarmed and further away than before. Dean pushed through the pain and dragged himself, brace and all, out of his room and down the hallway. When he arrived in Cas’s room, he found it empty. Cas’s sheets were thrown in disarray and Jack was missing from his crib nearby. Panic clutched at his heart and Dean gripped the edge of the doorframe. He turned his sights down the hallway towards the stairs.
Sam eventually grew tired of their bickering. He told them to shut up and Cas could stay. Cas turned a smug face towards Dean and Dean gave him the finger in response. Cas and Sam made quite the duo when it came to voting against Dean when he was being stubborn. Within the hour, everyone stopped staring directly at the rift and ended up seated at the table to discuss what to next. The only viable plan was wait and wait they did.
Dean gestured for Jack to come closer so he could pick him up. Taking care to pick Jack up on his right side and not his left braced side, Dean patted Cas on the shoulder before gripping it tightly for a moment and walking away.
Then, they told Dean they wanted to redo the radiographs again. This time to take more shots with higher magnification. After that they had him change his position so that they could shots from different angles. The nurse, Dr. Sands, and another doctor helped reposition his leg for every new set and he had to grit his teeth to keep from crying out.
It was an alarm that dragged Dean out of his nightmares and into the early morning hours that were meant to be slept through. Cursing his phone, Dean rubbed his eyes to clear the sleepiness and flashes of hell. His sheets and shirt were sticky with sweat.  His leg was sore from whatever he had been doing previous night in his sleep. A shower sounded like the perfect thing to shake off nightmares and get ready for the day.
