a shock absorber, ffs, get some new material.
Steve ignored gender for a moment, because he wasn’t interested in making any more decisions tonight. Instead, he pictured somebody on their knees. His mind’s eye couldn’t see much—tan shoulders, long fingers, dark hair—as the formless partner knelt between his spread legs. Steve flicked his cock softly, imagining a warm tongue. He dug fingernails into his own thigh, imagining they were some other man’s hands.
What do you call a bad electrician?
Tony let that declaration sit for a moment before he smiled, a bit apologetically. “You obviously love your son, and you want the best for him, but Steve—” The look on the blond’s face didn’t invite continued informality. Tony recovered with: “Captain. This isn't Peter's best. Not even close. The most he lets himself imagine is an ordinary life. An ordinary life for an extraordinary mind.”
“I’m really not, Sourpatch. What you see is what you get.”
“Coffee,” Tony slides his empty cup back to her. “I need more coffee if I have to survive a twelve-hour shift
"Mrs. Stark is wearing one of my fashion line's latest pieces," Janet blessedly cuts in, "and we make a line for men too, Mr. Hammer."
“You can stay the night,” Steve offers when he realises their dinner’s stretched far beyond eleven o’clock. It’s snowing outside, nearly midnight. “The guest room’s free for you to use.”
“No,” Tony admits, because it's the truth. even now, he can see the strain that his crusade is putting on Steve: the late nights and the ever-present worry when their dinner dates inevitably get cut short.
“Funny things are,” Tony smiles.
If Steve can still argue that animatedly, though, he must not be suffering from blood loss that's too extensive.
His phone chimes. Steve ignores it, tapping his pen on the table.
True enough, when they exit the glass doors and step out onto the curb, there are already two ambulances getting ready to leave. “They?” Tony asks.
"Howard and Maria. The news hasn't broken yet, but - Steve. A car crash on the way to the airport." Even over the unstable line, Steve can hear Peggy's breath hitch. "No survivors."
“I love you,” Steve breathes out.
full of surprises too," Tony mutters despite seeming pleased. "I'll call you," he promises.
Tony doesn’t necessarily enjoy his loneliness, but his empty penthouse means no one will be hurt by him, and he can’t be hurt by anyone else.
Trying futilely to push Liberty off his chest, Steve manages to at least sit back up. “Yeah, he said to maybe bring Libby on the dates to slowly get her used to it, but evidently, she’s not getting on the agenda.”
,” Steve groans, “how did you even get it in here?”
"Enemy of my enemy is a friend?" Tony suggests. "Or at least, Howard'll listen to the golden soldier. I'm twenty five, and all I've ever done is blow things up."
He runs the numbers in his head. There's not going to be enough time to evac all the eight infants here with only three nurses and him, especially if the fire is spreading quickly enough to demand a full evacuation.
Steve jerks, glancing up to see – oh. “Doctor Stark,” he greets tightly, looking more at Liberty and the man’s expensive shoes than at his eyes. He hopes Liberty’s done acting up for the night, because he would hate having to replace that much premium leather.
Did he drink last night? His hangovers haven’t been this bad since –
He bears Natasha’s prodding for a little longer before he pours food for Liberty and heads to the showers to wash off his ache for the night. It’s not quite disappointment that the date didn’t work out – more of an exhaustion. How much longer does he have to try to find someone who thinks he’s worth it? Someone who won’t run when he mentions why he needs Liberty?
“Then it’s settled,” Tony has the gall to say, only the slightest bit breathless. “Next time, I’m staying the night – hopefully not in the guest room.”
"And the fact that I slipped from your spies doesn't really speak well about them now, does it?"
Feeling his cheeks heat, he turns to Bruce in the corner for help. But Bruce simply shrugs, continuing to arrange his collection of glass vials in the medicine cabinet. Strangely enough, that's Bruce's favorite part of being the station's emergency medic.
“It wouldn’t have mattered to
"Says the genius who insisted on badgering me for three years."
“Have a scarily competitive streak?” Tony finishes for him. The coffee mug is warm in his hands, and he ducks his head down when Rogers' smile turns wider. His cheeks feel warm too, now.
“You need to get laid, Steve. If that means Libby gets laid too…” Nat trails off.
your hopeless plans.”
"Hospital bed, yes," Steve pokes at his cheek again.
have an early appointment in the morning, but – let’s do this again. Sometime.”
from a
When Christmas rolls around, Tony smiles at all the right times for Howard and the business partners. He meets Ty and Sunset at the party and pointedly shows everyone how close they've become since starting school together. His mother presses a kiss on his cheek. He dances with her, relishing the small smile she gives him at the end of it when he bows. All the while, he holds his breath, counting how many glasses have passed through Howard's hands, only sighing in relief when the night ends without incident.
His phone chimes again.
The silence hangs thick.
It's a violent solution that Steve won't like.
Prepping for surgery always involved a dreadful thrill, his heart hammering for a few seconds before he enters a calm far quieter than sleep.
“What is he even
"I'm Captain James Rhodes."
“Yes,” he answers.
"The Madripoor airbase," Peggy's reply comes quick.
“What should I wear?” Steve asks into the phone. Better to ask head on than draw this out.
"It'd be pretty freaky if you
Tony puts another forkful of waffles in his mouth, and moans
Obie smiles wide. "You've always been smart, my boy. You can make them better?"
"But you have a suspicion," Tony latches on quickly.
The sprinklers are on. The sprinklers are –
Doctor Wilson grins. “Unfortunately, you’ll have Doctor Lang treating you, ma’am.”
, Steve reads his badge. “They'll be safe from the fire. Tony's heart won't survive the smoke.”
“But you live in Brooklyn.”
He finds himself laughing for no reason, silently at first, and then louder.
Peggy spins her chair towards the door. "Now, Steve," she clasps her purse. "I know more than you think and less than you fear."
"Indeed, Captain. However, the need to divert funds from the Jericho II line development meant the project faced roadblocks. Sir met with Mr. Stane to discuss the issue multiple times. The last was thirty seven hours before Sir's disappearance."
Tony stares at her with horror. “Do you
adjust the thermostat, make the room colder. Why is the room getting hotter?
Steve feels his cheeks warm. Gingerly, he takes the offered piece. “Yes, Doctor,” he mutters between bites.
"Can you call SHIELD for me, JARVIS?"
It doesn’t take a genius to figure out what happens next.
“Uh, I wanted to – I wanted to give you this.”
"Yes."
“Yes,” Steve has to relent.
He can only hope that Liberty doesn’t scare Tony off. Sure, Tony is a vet, but Steve doubts it’s pleasant to spend your whole day being angrily barked at.
. "I read your letters."
"No."
"Tony?" Steve's blurry blob of a face appears, "Tony, let me get you to bed. You need your rest."
Maria gives him a stern look. "The Captain. I sent him to get me those blueberry pastries you like."
Tony's hand curls around to the front of Steve's ribs, and Steve holds onto it, ignoring the noise of protest from Tony. He pulls it up until their hands rest on the star at the center of his uniform. Next to this, his pain is nothing.
It’s a burning curiosity that Tony can’t quell – the same fascination that he had when he poked a finger into the fireplace.
“That's because you're barely ever here anymore,” Clint comes over, handing them both Steve's customary lime soda.
Steve knew that ten years was a lot of time for someone to change. And for God's sake, Tony was now
, Steve thinks for the second time in five minutes. “I, uh,” he stares at the yellow post-it in Tony's hand. “I was doing some thinking.”
His cheeks grow warmer.
"You don't thank me for this. Never this," Steve drops a kiss on the crown of Tony's head, not minding the damp, sweat-soaked curls of hair. "Do you want to talk about it?"
, he's never going to make fun of Steve for being paranoid ever again. He's also going to design something that'll protect him from falling buildings. Maybe a suit of armor like those Arthurian knights Steve seems to resemble.
"It would be my pleasure." Steve hands Tony the empty champagne glass which Tony takes blankly, because this can
' would send the wrong signals.
, Tony had told him –
He’d spent most of that first week sleeping, but by the end of the second week, he’s staying awake for longer hours and getting antsy about not being allowed to move.
Nudging his shoulder, Carol flips her phone screen in his direction.
The other children flock even closer to Steve, questions of '
Tony shifts, fingers drawing loops and circles on the inside of Steve's wrist. "I dreamt that you died. That the HYDRA bot's energy blast was strong enough to - to - to make the serum useless." His chest shudders against Steve. "I can't — I — "
He scoots a little closer on the couch, the space between them smaller than two feet.
"You're not going to be the hotshot genius forever, Tony. There are others who will - "
“I didn’t do much. Did the VA cover the cost of this trip?”
He was convinced that the universe was laughing at him: his best friend leaving him to be his father's lab rat, which gave Howard yet another reason to leave him too.
“Get Doctor Wilson back here. The other interns can treat a kitchen fire,” he orders briskly, taking over the chest compressions from the EMTs. “She’s going straight to surgery.”
Steve does his best not to tap his fingers nervously on metal table. Between Steve and Tony, they’ve hauled Liberty on top of the table for Tony to check on her.
Purposefully, he loudens his footsteps, putting more weight in them than he was trained to do, hoping that his approach would be noticed.
"Satellite targetting really is the future, isn't it, William?" she hooks her arm with Tony's, "my son's made so many great leaps and he's only twenty five. Makes me exceedingly proud of him."
Pretend to drink, laugh a bit, stumble out of the party early, then tip back a cup of scalding coffee to get back to work because parties were a waste of time that Tony doesn't need.
He thinks of his weapons firing away, gunshots ringing loud with death, and he pushes against the bile that rises up.
name is Charlotte.”
Steve elbows him gently. "Only an NDA, what with me being in a semi Secret Service."
"I should make a flying car, shouldn't I?" Tony leans across the workshop table to steal some of Steve's soda.
Tony jerks back. "
For now, she peers at them from over her glasses. "I'm a busy woman, so
Rounding a corner, Steve walks decidedly past an empty piano room, and onwards until -
"You found something?" Tony snaps to attention.
stay for a bite of biscuit.”
Rhodes actually laughs at that, soft and rueful, before he schools his expression back into his earlier fierce protectiveness. "I'll tell him you stopped by."
A pager beeps insistently, interrupting them.
Steve reacts without thinking: he hooks his shield on his back and in one move, pulls Tony's hand, spinning them both around so that it's
But Steve had needed the Army's money to keep up with his medications, and his Ma's own treatment bills, and -
"I'm sorry for not calling sooner," Steve leans gratefully into it. Sarah Rogers is a small woman, but she holds him up as easily as ever.
“With all due respect, sir,” Steve bites out, “I think the best way to keep our country safe isn’t through war.”
Naturally, however, HYDRA decides to cut their soirée short, and as they evacuate Manila from the army of fake Iron Man armors, Steve pulls Tony down behind a small car, cursing when Tony's wrist still beeps, waiting for the armor in the Singapore warehouse to reach them.
"Watch me."
"Ms. Carter, we have done our best to find the flaws that led to our missing weapons landing in enemy hands. You have no proof of systematic, high-level misconduct, only the amateur mistakes of interns."
"I'd love to meet the legendary Howard Stark," Hammer chirps with overt cheer, "Tony, certainly you would - "
Because Steve is sitting at the edge of their bed, the paper in his hands reading out in bold letters:
"It's alright. You're tired, and I can't - I, uh," Tony scratches the back of his head, not bothering to stand up yet, "did you mean it?"
Which makes it clear that it’s Steve who has to act.
have," Peggy emphasizes, closing the gap between them. "Tony, you won't find closure by burning down everything."
In the end, it was those two syllables that stopped him, leaving him with an aching emptiness.
"Stark Industries has always been a friend to the government," Stane slowly emphasizes.
Steve's other hand curls around Tony's waist, large and warm. The last time they'd stood this close, Tony had been the taller one, fearful that he'd crush Steve's bony knuckles.  Now, with nerves panicking, he searches for things to ground himself in: the feel of Steve's rough calluses against his palm - a soldier's hands - the bright chandelier above them, the whispers of people around them, the easy security that Steve was
“And it is now six a.m. on Wednesday, Sir.”
The cogs of Tony’s mind scramble to understand.
," he curses, wiping it against his suit. Ten thousand dollars, whatever - his dry cleaner will wash it off.
Scooping out several more spoons of ice cream, Steve slides it down the table. None of this is helping with Steve's flip-flopping stomach, but it makes his chest tight, warm in a way he's rarely ever felt.
More than ever, Steve is glad the world has been told that Captain America has retired, that his identity remains a secret. He still has faith for his country, but he doesn't think he can be Captain America when there is little in him that hopes for the future.
Natasha slides him his cup of black coffee with more shots in it than Tony administered in a day. It isn't the best thing for his heart condition, but Natasha knows his limits, and she offers him the smallest smile. “Afternoon, Tony.”
Nodding, Obie lets go of him. “I’m sure you’ll impress us all.”
Rhodey would normally have piloted the chopper, but this time, he sits across Steve. Coming here had been against his commanding officer's orders. Steve is sure, however, that as much as Rhodey believes in the system, his oldest, strongest loyalty doesn't belong to the government.
“Mr. Stark, Tony is an upstanding citizen, and he’s made very valuable strides into the future.”
"Do you remember Steve Rogers?" he pretends to be blasé instead. He realises Howard's obsession with Steve might just be the push he needs to get one of his projects past the board and Obie.
. The late nights, the nightmares, the shitty broken bones and the — ” he leans forward, cupping Tony's cheek with one hand, and splaying his other hand over the scars where Tony's arc reactor used to be, “the strength of your heart, the
“Yes, but I don’t make it a habit to walk up to wild ones.”
“Will you stop bringing it up if I get our wedding caterers to keep the fruits and the pizzas separate?”
“Yes. Now you’re going to get out of the car, very calmly, and get into the van just outside.”
Tony:
“Yeah, yeah,” Peter said, backing away toward the kitchen (and likely his backyard retreat). “Sorry. I’ll just…” He pointed a thumb over his shoulder, and was gone before Steve could salvage the situation.
Rhodey patted at Tony’s pockets in a quick, well-practiced check. “Wallet, keys, cell phone, dignity? Three out of four ain’t bad.”
“Let me take you home. Without the pro.” When Tony rolled his eyes, Rhodey took hold of both his biceps, shaking him a little. “You and me. BFF time. We’ll watch ‘The Breakfast Club’ and gorge ourselves on sugary cereal.”
“We know that,” Steve said.
Captain Rogers cracked a smile, seemingly in spite of himself, and Tony’s stomach turned into the Coney Island ferris wheel.
his father is the kind of guy you call daddy. if you know what i mean.
. But it was the three of them, together, ‘til the end of the line, watching TV and reluctantly eating the salad Steve made.
“Of course,” Tony replied. He slid his phone from his pocket and sent a quick text to the general manager of the St. Regis. Rhodey would need a room there tonight, if he wasn’t coming back to the mansion.
“I do,” Rhodey sighed, shaking his head. “I do. All the time.”
Tony slid him a sardonic look over his tinted glasses. “Yes, it’s very cool.” The other man laughed, and was smart enough
.” Peter leaned far forward in his seat, smiling. Tony tapped his fingers against his chest, and tried not to look as relieved as he felt. “You’ll understand when you meet him, I swear.”
“Hold for the boss.”
“Want to talk about it?” Phillips eyed him.
“Not.”
“That kid has never held an ax, Tones.”
“You’re, like, the head of R and D.”
“I’ll see you at home,” the Captain replied. He wasn’t quite amused, but his eyes were warm. “Tell Ned ‘hello’ for me.”
Steve flipped both boxes open on the counter next to the stove, and pulled a bag of mixed greens from the fridge. He filled three bowls with lettuce, tossed in a handful of baby carrots, and then stuck his head out the back door to holler for his son.
The faux-lumberjack had the good sense to meet Tony half-way, and he smiled with the best teeth money could buy. “Thought you might’ve left me, gorgeous,” he purred, petting Tony’s arm a little. Rhodey snorted.
“We got dinner
“No, no,” Steve lied. “How’d that go? She able to stretch out that shoulder?”
“Umm, guys?” Peter piped up. “Are you saying Dad has a crush on Mr. Stark?”
“Hello? Rogers speaking.”
do women call you daddy? that seems like a thing they would call you.
Steve sighed—the annoyed kind—as Peter’s eyes pingponged between them. “He’s handsome, obviously, you’ve seen his picture before. But he’s got no filter, he’s sarcastic, he thinks he knows better than everybody else—”
Never hotter. But weirder.
Peter sputtered a bit, and went red around the ears, but he also leaned some of his weight into Steve. Steve lifted an arm to tug Pete even closer.
(Note the E rating on this fic, and the tags.)
― Stephen Hawking (1942-2018) in an interview with Diane Sawyer, June 2010 ―
“Huh.”
Bucky was good with his hands, back when he had a matched set. He didn’t always want to play unpaid assistant to Mr. Barnes, but he was good at it. He liked being good at it. The service took Buck’s left arm, but also those skills and the drive to use them. There was so much he could still do, if he only took time to relearn how. Steve swallowed back his own frustration as he listened to the
“Look. I’ve had a few drinks—”
Tony laughed appreciatively, and then moaned as Indy squeezed the head of his cock through his silk boxers. “Do that. Mmm...
“Jesus.”
“Got it!” he called, and took two pies off the delivery guy’s hands.
“Okay, I
Steve frowned. “He’s not that old, Pete.”
“Totally awesome,” Bucky swooned, dropping his head against the back of the couch. “Totally funny, and a genius, and did you know he’s working on artificial intelligence?”
Steve glared back. “Like our kid’s professor.”
Tony staggered to his feet (with grace, of course, and plenty of sex appeal) and made his way across the ballroom toward the very tall, very young, very interested-looking man in a rented tux. He had really broad shoulders, which was kind of a
Steve washed and rinsed his short hair quickly, then scrubbed at the sweat across his chest and under his arms. He could feel the tension in his own shoulders, and he needed to relax enough to sleep. Steve soaped up the fingers of his right hand so that he could try to coax a response out of his tightly-wound body; it always helped quiet the noise, when he could manage it. His cock responded, but his mind wasn’t there. He'd spiraled too deep. Steve closed his eyes, leaned back against the shower wall, and tried to draw up a suitable fantasy.
Rhodey:
Steve turned away, tugging the tails of his shirt from his belt. “What?”
Steve shrugged. “Strange day. Needed to blow off steam.”
“I actually know that,” Tony agreed as he raised a placating hand. “I don't always, but this time I do. I'm not enjoying this conversation, like,
Steve didn’t argue the point. He was acutely aware of Clint leaning against his thigh, by all appearances asleep, but he had no doubt Clint was listening. The enemy they’d just faced had stolen Clint’s mind, his reason, his will; Steve couldn’t guarantee nobody else was capable of twisting his teammates, or himself, the same way. Imagining an opponent capable of leashing the Hulk--or possibly even worse, Dr. Banner, with all his brilliance and wary threat-assessment--was terrifying. Steve couldn’t guarantee he’d never be on the opposite side of the field from Bruce, but he knew he’d never want to be, and not just because that would mean the stakes of failure would be unimaginably high.
Steve hummed, pretending to consider. “Your terms are acceptable. Your breakfast, my breakfast, and then we reclaim your birthright.”
Tony had no doubt over who would win. Armed with Tony’s weapons and guided by Steve’s tactics, the Captain’s fleet was nearly invincible.
Clint was already pretty worked up, his legs kicking a little in the water every time Steve stroked along his dick with the flat of his tongue. The water cut off Steve’s air more thoroughly than Clint could, so there was no reason not to go as deep as possible, drawing Clint down into his throat. Not the most subtle suck job he’d ever given, but he was working on a deadline. His lungs were just beginning to burn when Clint’s legs went rigid and his cock jerked in Steve’s mouth.
“That’s so we don’t break them when we do this.” Steve stepped up into Stark’s space, waited until Stark’s eyes dropped to his mouth, and then reached out a finger and tapped him on the nose. “Tag, you’re it.”
Steve settled himself on the blanket more comfortably and let his knees fall to the side. Tony watched Steve give himself a slow stroke, spreading precome down his shaft to ease the way, and licked his lips. Yeah, fear was definitely not going to be the dominant theme in his scent. The liquid heat sitting low in his belly coiled tighter as he watched Steve’s lips part on a shaky exhale. It was easier to accept the wetness coating the tops of his thighs when he wasn’t worrying about whether it would be enough to temper Steve’s intrusion. He slid his fingers between his clenched-together thighs.
The reminder kindled something vicious in her eyes, at odds with the almost demure way she had settled onto his cock. She rolled her hips, fast and sudden, her inner muscles giving him a hard squeeze. He grinned up at her, letting his exhilaration show, and her returning smile was feral.
attention, his mind unencumbered by heat, all that intellect applying itself to Steve, mapping out new actions based on Steve’s responses.
He didn’t know the Captain at all, except by bloody reputation, and he knew nothing of the Captain’s homelands except that they were far away by sea. As Ty’s omega, he would have at least been able to bring a retainer of people he trusted. He would have known the language. He would have known how to keep Ty happy. He couldn’t even
Tony could have saved the city
“Scared, no,” Steve repeated, and put his hands on his knees, deliberately not touching Tony.
She set her hand onto his shoulder and raised an eyebrow. When he nodded permission, she dragged her nails down to his hip, hard enough to leave raised red lines. The marks wouldn’t last long, but for now Steve could feel the tingling sting spreading heat down his chest, could watch Natasha’s eyes go dark and pleased as she watched the welts rise.
a busy morning.” Tony stowed the spyglass into its case, then jumped up. Steve’s hands caught him, squeezing his hips and ass as Tony wrapped his thighs around Steve’s waist. Steve took the weight like it was nothing, squaring his stance a little to balance them both on the rolling deck. Tony could trust, the way he had once only trusted Jarvis’ smiles, that Steve would never let him fall. “We’d better go get started.”
“I’m scandalized,” Tony informed him, then thrust home.
,” Tony said, almost dizzy with it. This was going to be over embarrassingly quickly. He had no idea how long it had been since Steve entered the tent, but it
A touch of green in Bruce’s irises, there and gone. Bruce closed his eyes and slowed the hand stroking his cock even further. “Tony was right,” he said ruefully. “You
Steve frowned at him. Tony glared right back. Steve’s eyes softened. His mouth kicked up at the corner, his shoulders started to shake, and then he was laughing, softly at first, then harder when he saw the poleaxed outrage on Tony’s face. He ended up shaking with great big belly-laughs on the floor, slowing down gradually only to start up again every time Tony huffed at him.
Tony didn’t take his eyes off the spyglass before shifting his weight back, knowing without looking that Steve would be there waiting to pull him against his chest. “Good morning, beloved. Can you believe he’s still using the same cannon design Howard built a decade ago?”
“It’s a victory heat,” he said, and stopped there, because he’d learned that people in the future had different vocabulary for everything to do with sex, and the words that came most naturally to him sometimes made people wince.
“I believe I can help with that, sir.”
--for being
“Scared.” Steve nodded, then said, more emphatically than he’d said anything else, “Scared,
,” Steve said happily, while Tony licked his jaw.
“Are you--” Tony’s fingers slid into Steve in an instant, easy glide. “Wow, you are
“This is a Stark thing, right?” Steve asked, propping Barton on the edge of the bathtub. He found the catches on Barton’s uniform and started stripping him out of his clothes. Romanoff was undressing briskly by the doorway, unzipping her one-piece leather suit and hanging it on a towel rack. “Not everybody has bathtubs sized for a baseball team?”
Steve slowed his pace enough to let Stark catch up as soon as they tumbled back through the master bedroom door. Stark jumped forward unexpectedly instead of reaching out for a grab. Steve caught him on reflex, his hands gripping Stark’s thighs as Stark’s chest crashed into his own. Totally unconcerned about the possibility of being dropped, Stark used one hand to grab the back of Steve’s neck and the other to tap him triumphantly on the nose.
for Barton was drumming up against his skin from the inside.
Not that Tony was going to try to just--just jam it in there. For one thing, alpha cocks were supposed to be huge. For another, he’d gotten himself through a few pre-heats and he knew that even when he was wet, it took time to loosen up for anything bigger than a fingertip. He could--start with that? A finger or two? So far, Steve hadn’t seemed to be in a hurry. Maybe he wouldn’t object to letting Tony take this at his own pace and stretching himself out first instead of trying to take Steve all at once.
Tony had the future to carry, and Steve was doing his best to hide Captain America, carrying a legacy he didn't know how to hold together, searching for a purpose other than war.
A garden table.
"You're Sergeant James Barnes of the 107th and you used to steal cotton candy with Steve. Let me in," the voices from two floors above grow louder.
And okay, fine. Tony might’ve been knocking their elbows together more frequently than warranted for a walk in order to tempt Steve into holding his hand, but... ‘
It makes Tony almost feel underdressed in his sharp vest. Almost.
“It's actually a small eagle doll,” Tony concedes. “Got Lang to use some Pym particles on it.”
. “But I need to know that whatever happens,” he winces through the pain, “whatever happens, you’ll all be fine.”
"Huh?"
“I wanted to propose on our anniversary. On a special day.”
Her words are firm. This was her way of coping with her grief. Except -
That's –  that's Tony's voice, coming from Steve's pocket. He glances at Carol's wide eyes, fishing out his phone and slowly asking, “Tony?”
“He was crowding up my ER bay!” Tony groans, throwing his hands in the air. Then, he squints at Natasha. “Who told you?” The bell over the door tinkles, signalling another one of Natasha’s patrons, but Tony forges on. “What did Rogers say about me?”
"I was doing very well keeping myself safe from vultures like the Frosts until your presence," he pulls his mother behind a pillar, "put us in the spotlight."
Tony scoffs, clearly torn by amusement and surprise. “You’re not very subtle, are you?”
when he sees Tony's smile plastered on the side of a bus, the need to touch, to know what he had done to make Tony push him away.  The grief, the hurt, the sleepless nights - they build up, making his chest tight.
be doing with his free day, but he's too keyed up to be able to focus on much. He had tried jogging. He had tried art.
. “I'm sorry.”
"I'm glad you have someone in your corner."
"Am I missing something? Why're you being nice?"
"An architectural impossibility," Tony shrugs. "A piece of cake. This is much warmer than New York, anyways, and much nearer to the hot parties."
More importantly, the Captain's uniform jacket has been tossed to the ground with the helmet, leaving Steve in only a sweat-drenched tank top that leaves little to the imagination.
This is familiar.
"I was afraid that he would push me away again if I came back. I don't want to hurt him more," Steve admits. Then, "I'm done being afraid."
"I'm asking less than SHIELD's asked of me."
Most likely sensing Steve’s uncomfortable confusion, Tony’s gaze finds Steve’s. “You want to try some?” he extends the prized plate outwards.
Poking his head out the window, Tony raises a brow at the red plaid shirt Steve holds up.
He flicks through the other files as JARVIS works to triangulate locations with their current search data. While the government may have chosen to move on, Peggy had made it her last act as Director of SHIELD to keep the search going, Bucky and Sam scouring the deserts for any sign of life.
Carefully, Tony takes the paper, unfolding it gingerly. A child's drawing, with a bright red firetruck in the background, a man with a yellow helmet beside it – holding hands with a man in a white coat,
The paediatrics ward is where Tony goes to find his peace whenever the flow of incoming patients in the ER ebbs. Children needed the most human contact, isolated as they were, and with Sam handling the ER wonderfully, Tony slips into the room, smiling at the nurses keeping watch over the sleeping children.
Sarah Rogers swats the back of Steve's head, pulls Tony into a tight hug, and shakes Rhodey's hand and hugs him too.
And yet. And yet, there was something reassuring to the fact that someone as upstanding and true as Steve might see Tony - blood and all, sins and all - as a person worth saving.
that his legs buckle for the briefest moments. "Tony always said tea is leaf juice," he finds it in himself to smile.
She says his name reverently, as if she can't quite believe that she has him here. Once, he had resented her for it, unable to reconcile the distant woman of his childhood with the mother trying her best to make up for lost time. Now, he cherishes what little time he can spend with her, marvelling whenever he unearths her dry wit and steely core hidden beneath decades of carrying a reputable image for the Stark name.
The pieces click in place for Steve - Tony is making a trade, and, "let me catch it - "
When night fades into morning and Steve invariably finds him with darkening bags under his eyes, he can't find it in himself to feel guilt, because there were many things he regretted, but this? This was him trying to fix everything. Steve - the traitor - calls Rhodey home, somehow getting Rhodey permanently assigned as Stark Industries' military liaison.
That’s more than Obie’s ever given him, and contrary to popular belief, Tony does know when to back down. The art of war: pushing too far might make things go the opposite way.
Tony's standing now, hand landing on his shoulder, squeezing once before darting away. The touch is enough to quiet him.
, Steve, just this once. Just this once, can't Steve run away from a fight? "Especially if they make the connection between Captain America and Steve Rogers and the shield."
Thank you for all the kudos we've gotten so far and thanks for reading!
“Aww, honey.” Tony desperately wanted to just stay in bed with Steve, but his poor sleepy soulmate didn’t deserve to deal with Pepper coming in just because he didn’t go out to meet her. But it
There was a flash of adoration in Steve’s eyes, thrilled to hear Tony say that he’d be happy to sleep with him and to have this playful back and forth.  “You’re actual perfection.” He leaned over the unit separating the driver and passenger sides to steal a kiss and nuzzle Tony lovingly, then he started the car, glad for the coffee because time was pressing on.  It took less time to get to Steve’s and they could avoid going through the worst of it in the heart of the city, and when he cut the power in the car, he turned immediately back to Tony.
Steve kissed Tony back just as gently. He then grinned. “Sure, I’ll even spell your name with an ‘i’ and tell everyone my girlfriend really loves peonies,” Steve teased deliberately poking and prodding Tony for another tickle fight, he secretly loved hearing him laugh. He could feel himself already becoming devoted.
“How was your day?” He asked--to even think of saying I missed you to didn’t compute to him.  It was obvious how much he’d been pining for Tony, right?
"We can leave it at that,” he agreed. The way Steve was getting so defensive and obviously upset now made him sad, but he knew how to let up when he actually had to and just getting Steve to tell him what bothered him was much more important than the why anyways. “No is always a no. From anyone. I’m not going to push that. I mean, I’m very pushy, but I promise I’ll try my best.
“I think… I think I’m okay with intense. As long as you don’t forget what I look like again.” And damn, that memory was going to sting for a good long while. “You really don’t have to worry about it. I’m used to it and it’s fine. I’d just let my guard down. So far, that seems like something that’s going to just happen around you.” He took a couple more turns, then stopped at a dinky little pizzaria. “These guys are great, I promise. Topping preferences?” He unbuckled and got out, waiting for Steve to follow before locking the car behind them.
Steve laughed, “It was a weird time. Besides, when they’re having sex around the house all the time you kinda have to dig it to not go crazy,” he sniggered, taking his coffee from the machine to walk over to where Tony was sitting.
“Mmn, tastes way better now that’s resolved - right?”
“I really enjoyed that - thank you,” Steve spoke softly with a smile. “Today you’ve really pushed yourself and I appreciate it so much. Honestly, this has been the best first date I’ve ever had,”
“I never really even tried it,” he admitted with a shrug. “It seemed okay to not be interested in that. No one really questioned it too much and then I got to at least not be focused on sex when I wasn’t having it. You’re adorable when you blush.” He ran his fingers through Steve’s hair thoughtfully. “Rhodey did it though. Sometimes he’d have me read them because they’d gone from hot to hilarious, which was always a good time. He tended to use hyperbole and then lean into it a bit too hard.”
He hummed, “Okay, so what previous experience have you had with BDSM?” A bratty sub, Steve thought to himself, could either be fun or extremely messy.
“So does J run your tech too? Or do you turn the TV on like a regular American household here?”
Steve snorted in response, “Don’t say that to his face,” Steve mused shaking his head, “I’ve always had short hair.  A beard? I could totally get behind a beard though,” Steve hummed stroking his chin as he looked at it in the wing mirror.
“I would. I can get into art.” He left that there for a second, then asked, “Have you ever gotten into the BDSM community, or is your experience with power exchange a bit more casual?” He couldn’t now, but maybe in the future… Steve might be his soulmate. And if he was, who could he possibly trust more?
Steve had great difficulty getting dummy to model. In the end, he took a reference picture instead, and took a 30 minute break to play catch with him. Steve had recorded a few bloopers on video to show Tony later. He knew he’d have to delete them right away because of the NDA he signed, but he just knew Tony would want to see his bots being adorable.
“It’s going to take a while, however, in the short term I drew you something else. You could have it in your office or your bedroom or something,” he shrugged, “it’s no masterpiece but I wanted to give you something at the dinner table,” he walked over to the breakfast bar and held up his shaded sketch of the millenium falcon - “something told me you were a Han Solo fan, so I hope you like it.”
“Yeah, you might be right,” he agreed with Natasha.  He’d thought that he’d found the right thing to say in response to the first story, but clearly Steve hadn’t taken it as well as hoped, so although he didn’t stop looking back at him, he let himself be lead away from him to the living room.  Hopefully Steve would recover quickly and come cuddle him again.
he was in there with Bucky, which wasn’t particularly reassuring.  But he could manage.
Tony pulled away from Nat, not even giving her a genuine-looking goodbye smile after that comment about the pills.  He was not going to be a replacement for needed medication.  That attitude could be all sorts of harmful.  “Yeah, honey.  We can go.” He genuinely wanted to see Steve’s studio and he’d hoped Steve would sketch him, but his place seemed a lot safer now.  He got his coat, left the rest of the beer on the table, and let Steve lead him back out to the car.  “I’m sorry I called it adorable.  I was trying to make it hurt less and it didn’t work, clearly.  What would you like me to do for you, Steve?”
He texted Tony, saying that dinner was nearly ready and he had some little surprises to show him. He only meant the videos but he hoped it would be enough to see a smile on his face. Steve was going to make a dedicated effort to only discuss happy things, like his idea to design something out of the scraps of Tony’s workshop. He also may or may not have sketched the millennium falcon. Something told him Tony was a Solo fan.
“You said, but it’s still… I mean, you’re just… Wow.”
He smiled through that whole explanation and squeezed Steve’s hand again. “My, uh… My butler’s wife was. I know that sounds awful, but. They practically raised me and my actual parents were normally gone around Christmas. So. I got used to celebrating Hanukkah instead. I’m actually an atheist. Hope you won’t hold that against me. Did you actually learn Gaelic? I picked up a lot of Hungarian as a kid. Never really liked Italian, but when my mother realized I’d learned Hungarian, she insisted on only speaking to me in Italian until I figured it out, so. I can manage with that too.”
Steve sighed contentedly.  It sounded wonderful when it was said by him.  “Mmn, thank you, baby,” he praised, his thumbs catching on Tony’s lace panties before pushing them down.  “I’m just gonna wash you, baby.  You don’t need to worry.” He moved away from Tony to start the shower head, adjusting the temperature so it was just right.  Stepping into the shower, letting the water roll over him, Steve held his hand out to help Tony in.
Steve groaned in relief as Tony cleaned his hair.  He reveled in the soft and loving touches.  Tony’s attention to Steve’s body was unparalleled.  Standing upright, Steve allowed Tony to pamper him.  He’d never had that from a submissive before.  That loving and restorative touch.  Steve placed his hand in Tony’s hair to soothe and pet him as he cleaned him.  The massages of his fingers were beyond relaxing, and he was impressed at how ready Tony was to dote on him without question.  It was pure.  He couldn’t help but feel like Tony had done this on purpose to help him feel better.  He would have been mad about being led into a scene this intense, but it
“That doesn’t really help, no. But thank you anyways. I’m very glad to have you as my soulmate and I think we can make this work. We can make this work, right?” He laced their fingers together again and looked up at him hopefully.
Steve smiled softly, “Oh. It’s okay, you know? Some of the greatest love stories of all times have started off worse than this,” he couldn’t help it as his smile grew into a wide beam. “So - there, you can contact me if you want. I’ll just go about my day. If you really are my soulmate, I’m sure you’ll contact me and if not… I’m sorry to hear about your timer, I hope you find love.” The words rolled off his tongue, as he took the pen away from Tony’s hand. Then, for some reason, he kept talking.
“Yeah, okay,” he agreed with a sad smile. “I don’t mind you living with you ex. But also if you don’t want to… I don’t mind. Rent for an apartment somewhere wouldn’t really be a big difference for me and you… Fuck, just for this, I’d give you anything you wanted.” So much for not overstepping first date boundaries. “Uh, what high school did you go to?”
“Just you and me. No one else allowed. Our relationship is very private and wonderful and ours. You wanna pick out a car to go in?”
“What d'you guys want to know?” he asked with a forced grin.  “I promise I’ll only lie if I don’t want to tell you the truth.”
Tony grinned when he got what he wanted, then yelped when he fell to the mattress and laughed and squirmed and giggled at the kisses and nuzzles after that.  He eagerly followed Steve under the covers and cuddled up to his side, feeling significantly more content than he had before all this.
He quickly ended up in fight with his PA about how yes, Steve was really real and was really there and was really his soulmate and yes, he was sure and no, he wasn’t going into work.
“Severe OCD and depression,” he replied, “I should be on prozac, it helps, but costs money that I don’t have currently. If we’re sharing mental health information,” Steve reacted, not even blinking at Tony’s mention of having bipolar. “Do you take medication for your bipolar disorder or do you manage through sex?” Steve asked, taking a slice of pizza. “I have a few friends that self manage through sex. A couple of them say the medication isn’t helpful with its various side effects.” Steve answered smoothly. “I similarly want my urn to be a giant prozac pill for my relatives and friends to turn to.” He smiled, referencing the recent loss of a celebrity.
“È bellisimo,” Tony murmured.
Natasha quirked an eyebrow.  “He cornered you in an alley? That sounds so like Steve, that boy has no tact,” she tsked.  “I’m surprised you even took him up on an offer to date.  If Bucky cornered me in an alley when we met I’d have kicked him in balls and stayed single my whole life,” she sniggered softly.  “Especially if I had a scar,” she added.  “You didn’t feel threatened or anything? Into making contact with him? I promise he’s not a bad person he can just come off a little strong.  But if you’re not interested, leaving him sooner rather than later would be best.  He gets attached fast,” she warned, reaching out to tidy Tony’s fluffy fringe.  “He really likes you, I’ve not seen him this hung up on anyone.  He was singing whilst he worked yesterday.  I haven’t heard him sing in like two years,” she added, her green eyes searching out Tony’s for eye contact.
“I’m not orthodox though,” he clarified. “It just has strong heritage ties for me,” he smiled. “Mom tried to teach me Gaelic too. She was a feisty Irish lady,” he smiled over at Tony. “So are you Jewish?” He asked curiously.
“My ass always deserves praise,” he agreed.  “Master? This was good, right? And we’ll talk about it tomorrow?”
Steve had been antsy ever since the date on his arm had disappeared and the timer had started to count down. He’d been ready and dressed from the instant he knew it was going to start count down. Leather jacket, crisp shirt and acid wash jeans. The scent of his favorite cologne clung to him and a single rose was tucked into his messenger bag.
Soon they were passing trees and more shrubbery than lights, Steve turned off to one of the public trails that had been listed as a great spot for stargazing.  Parking the car carefully, Steve unbuckled his belt and opened his door, “Tada, we’re stargazing! I want you to talk nerdy to me.”
Tony leaned over to kiss Steve’s cheek, then buckled in, somehow more nervous about letting someone else drive him somewhere than he was about knowing Steve’s feelings for him.  He
“Like what? Cuddling you? I trust you. I know that probably doesn’t make this better for you, but I trust you and I’m… Not worried about you pressuring me into anything. And it is about you. It’s as much about you as it is me because both of us are here. But I won’t ask you to take care of me when I’m drunk, honey. Not ever if you’re uncomfortable with it.” He leaned forward and pressed a quick kiss to Steve’s lips. “You haven’t upset me. Worried me a little, maybe. But that’s okay. We’ll figure it out.”
“I can’t wait to wear things you’ve bought me. I love that you’re possessive and want to claim me like that.”
Steve burst out laughing, kissing the side of Tony’s cheek. “Damn right it is!” He agreed, moving his hands away so that Steve was resting on top of him. Smile tucked into a smirk he leaned down to whisper over Tony’s lips,
Steve listened, enraptured; he’d never really been taught this sort of stuff.  He’d seen bits and pieces on documentaries online, but the experience was entirely different when he was hearing it from someone he deeply respected.  He loved the way Tony talked so animatedly about things he knew.  Part of why Steve loved this so much was so he could admire Tony as he disseminated knowledge.  Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, staring up at sky without the telescope.
“Do you prefer cuddling a partner? In the event that I do want to orgasm do you have any voyeurism kinks or is exposure to sexual content something that makes you uneasy? Asexuality is far more complex than many people give it credit for. I feel I need to know more, but it is so personal, you don’t have to answer yet. Or at all, ever.”
Tony laughed and got out after him.  “How about you come help me set up the telescope, édesem? Then I can tell you some fun facts about the stars we find.” He was genuinely grateful for how free Steve was with praise and telling him he was doing a good job, but he wasn’t quite sure how to thank him for that yet.  He walked out till he had a great view not too badly blocked by the trees, then set up the stand and started fitting pieces together.
“I do, yes. Not often though, or professionally. Acapella every now and again.” He smiled down at Tony brushing his fringe aside, “what about you? Do you play a musical instrument?” he asked in return. “What about your hobbies? Tell me what you’re interested in.”
“I found you because you know where we met? For years I’ve had this feeling it was important. That I need to go past it every opportunity I could. I took a chance on fate and it led me right to you.”
Steve burst out laughing, “Ouch! No call back until tomorrow - you’re so savage,” Steve teased, nudging Tony’s cheek with his nose, being playful. “I don’t see how the Christmas ad thing is creepy at all, but sure sure, I’ll be quiet. Would you feel better if I called you the Grinch?” He joked, moving Tony so he was sat in Steve’s lap with his arms around Tony tightly.
“Wanna see all of it,” he responded seriously. “All of it.” Creating worlds… That was so far beyond impressive. “That doesn’t count as a question because it’s yes or no. Boring. Ask another one?” He couldn’t wait to show Steve his house. The holograms and JARVIS and… Fuck, it sounded like he’d love all of it.
It took him a little while to say anything again. “I am very overwhelmed and I don’t know and I don’t even know your last name, Steve, this was supposed to be a question and answer get to know you game, but if you’re not going to give up on me tonight, then I need some physical contact right now.” He needed to be hugged for at least eight hours. Preferably for the rest of the month.
“Will you come home with me tonight? You can meet the bots and J, and then we can make some music.”
Steve frowned a little, “the alcoholism is complex,” he didn’t want to comment too much about it. “Do you want to stay an alcoholic? My father was one. My mom wore a lot of pretty bruises from it before he split, so I’m not about to start accepting abusive behaviour. That’s a limit, big time.” Steve warned, before he added, “so… asexual?”
“Do you like marks, Tony?” Steve asked, his blue eyes looking up to find Tony’s.
"You’re not going to lose me. I know it is going to take you time to understand that. But, you are mine. You said it before. Maybe part of the problem is because you don’t know how possessive I can be in return. I am not the type of person to dedicate myself to you, call you my soulmate and then run away at the drop of a hat. I see so much depth to you, I want to roll around in it and bury myself in it. I promise I am not going to ask you to jump into anything. I need to trust you--not that you won’t leave me. I
Pepper sighed at them, then looked up seriously at Steve. “Tony are you serious about this?”
Tony lead him down to the garage, which contained as many classic cars as modern ones, all expertly maintained. “Hey, I don’t mind. It’s okay. It’s cute. All of my cars are apparently very sexy.” He kissed his cheek, then hugged him again. “You don’t have to change or hide who you are for me. I promise.”
He laughed, “I do my teeth in the morning!” Steve protested wrapping his arms around Tony before pulling him so he was tucked to his chest. “Besides cutiepatootie, I’m afraid you do not dictate to me my self-care routine,” he chuckled. “You might be used to delegating in the business world but I will do my bodily routine when I choose to,” he stated teasingly. “Besides, you have no responsibility to look after me, I do that myself.” He paused shortly. “I had power struggles with my ex over personal autonomy. It’s probably my one sensitive spot,” he winked at Tony. “Humor me,”
Tony leaned in to kiss him softly, pressing their lips together, but not much more, and he threaded his fingers into Steve’s hair as he pulled away, not really putting much distance between them. “Come upstairs. I want to find that form for you.”
Steve’s chest was pretty nice, too. Tony lost some time examining Steve’s nipples, which were smaller and pinker than his, and were crinkling at the edges in the cool air of the tent. Abruptly realizing he’d been staring, Tony coughed and jerked his eyes up to Steve’s face.
Steve grinned back at him and scruffed Tony’s hair. Tony pulled out slowly, as though Steve might be sore, which was considerate but not necessary. Steve wasn’t sore. Steve was
?” Tony blurted, whipping around fast. It wasn’t a hallucination: Jarvis was walking towards them, the alpha who’d introduced himself as Sam and the blond archer who’d met them both yesterday walking beside him, their arms full of trunks and canvas sacks. “What are you still doing here?”
“Nicely done,” Steve said, once they both had their breath back. “Ten out of ten.”
“I guess it’s a good thing,” Tony said, a slight tremor in his voice. “It makes things easier, or so I’ve heard. I couldn’t say personally. As you know.” If he
“Hey,” Tony said, voice raspy.
Steve unfolded the blanket and sat facing Tony. He knelt up, licked his lips as if
It was easy, with Natasha; of course it was easy. She was exquisitely in control of her body, the way she moved, the way she breathed, and she knew exactly how to use it as an instrument of pleasure, the same way she knew how to use it as an instrument of violence. She seated herself neatly over his hips and looked at him. When he nodded, she took him inside in a smooth glide, sinking onto him almost silently. There was a moment of stillness while she looked down at him evaluatingly.
Jarvis nodded, stood, and walked out of the tent. Tony was relieved when he didn’t look back. If he had, neither of them would have been able to pretend they weren’t crying.
“Tony,” Steve repeated. He hadn’t come any closer. He said something short that might have been
Banner was quiet for a moment, his eyes searching Steve’s face. “I’ll, uh, just watch for now.”
Embarrassingly enough, it was working. Tony breathed easier after a few minutes of Steve’s quiet chatter. When Steve got to his feet, still talking in a low, soothing rumble, Tony’s nerves returned, but the panic didn’t. An alpha who took the time to try to calm him was already better than his worst fears. Maybe this wasn’t going to be as bad as he thought.
him again. Indignant, Tony poked him in one of his annoyingly muscular and perfect pecs.
“I’ve heard different tales about him in the servant halls.” Jarvis moved behind Tony and waited until Tony crossed his wrists together behind his back to start winding the ropes over his shoulders and down his forearms. “They say when the Captain sacks a city, he holds his warriors back for three days and nights and sets them to guarding the roads out. During that time, civilians are free to leave the city with whatever they can carry, and the Captain’s people only take tribute from those with something to spare.”
Tony’s mouth abruptly went dry. Steve paused and held up a hand in that same
The figure was a tall silhouette against the pre-dawn glow of the balcony windows. Steve lunged, bowling the intruder onto his back with a thump, his forearm over the man’s throat and a growl rumbling deep in his own chest.
Even lying down, Steve was pretty clearly capable of looking out for himself, but it was less intimidating this way, with him lying below Tony. Body language mattered. Even more than that, he’d listened to Tony and acted on his suggestion. He’d
, that’s good. I’m close, I’m almost there.”
Not that the clothes really mattered. Tony was the one who was bound by ropes and promises, Tony was the one who’d come here and knelt and held still while he was trussed up like a virgin sacrifice. Steve wasn’t bound to any oaths regarding Tony’s care at all, and Tony was in no position to bargain for any.
Steve
One thing that
“I served in the fucking army, Tony, now
,” Banner said, and straightened up a little. “Are you--”
“How long can you hold your breath?” Romanoff asked, entirely cool except for the gleam of interest in her eyes.
“How can we be interrupting?” Stark said, nudging Banner forward. “It’s my Tower.”
), physically smaller, and hadn’t spent the last decade getting really good at killing people. Looming or not, Tony was hardly a threat.
rather than his, but nobody had asked him. The people making decisions about his life didn’t ask him much of anything, and hadn’t for a long time now. It didn’t matter that there were designs mouldering in his unused workshop that, if he’d been given a chance to put them into production, would have allowed them to burn half the ships at a distance before they ever reached the shore. It didn’t matter that the city’s walls could have been built twice as strong if Tony’s improved mortar mixture had been used when they did repairs over the last five summers. None of that would save the city now, so it was irrelevant. Tony would do whatever it took to keep his people safe.
Steve just gave him a small smile in return, but the archer standing next to him choked on air and had to double over and cough for a minute before he got his breath back.
“It’s harder to fall off a mattress that’s already on the floor.”
“Mmmm, I retract my complaints.” Thor lifted a hand to cradle Steve’s head, his palm warm and heavy. “This is a fitting greeting indeed for a fellow warrior.”
pushed too far, and now Steve would--
.” Tony sat up abruptly, going hot all over with embarrassment and something else that burned in an entirely different way. He’d thought he’d been wet before, but it was nothing compared to the melting warmth he could feel now, enough slick leaking out to make the tops of his thighs slippery. “That is
“It’s not quite done,” Barton said, and jerked his chin towards Loki in the floor. Thor’s hammer was resting on his chest, and Loki wasn’t doing anything as undignified as wriggling under it, but there was an air of sulky menace to his silence.
Tony broke off sharply when Steve moved. He almost pulled his hand back, but Steve didn’t try to grab him. He just rolled his head towards Tony’s hand, nostrils flaring as his nose got within a couple inches of Tony’s wrist. It was Tony’s turn to hold still while he tried to get his heart rate to slow.
“Bruce,” Steve said warmly. “Something I can help you with?”
“Holy
He would have preferred for the one life to be
“I’ll take that into account.”
When he passed the bathroom again he got a flash of Clint standing with a towel over his head, Banner's concerned face, and Natasha with her hand on Banner's arm. Clearly Banner wasn’t going to play chase. No matter; Stark was charging up behind him, close enough to make Steve’s blood surge.
like Tony had spent hours teasing both of them with his fumbling explorations, and now that he actually had a hand on himself, he was having trouble holding back. “I’m serious, Ty rubbed his wrists all over my neck every time we danced and it mostly just gave me a headache. This is way better. Can you--yeah, do that again, like that.”
“Master Stark,” Jarvis said quietly, “it has been an honor and a privilege to know you. Until our paths next cross.”
Steve spoke again for the first time since he’d started untying the ropes, a long sentence that ended with him resting one broad palm on the middle of Tony’s back. Tony twitched under it, tensing up helplessly.
He’d have to get used to it. It was colder up north by far, and Tony had come with nothing but the clothes on his back, which Stane’s servant had taken in exchange for the silken ropes that were now his only covering. If the Captain didn’t choose to give him furs and other northman’s clothing, the only time he’d be comfortable might be when he was warming the Captain’s bed. Assuming the Captain let him sleep in a bed.
It was already light outside when Steve next blinked awake. He propped himself up on one elbow and looked around. Thor was flat on his back starfished out on the mattress, with Bruce’s legs over one arm and Natasha’s head resting on his thigh. Clint was on his stomach with his face shoved into Steve’s hip, and Tony was on Steve’s other side, blinking up as Steve shifted.
“I’m good,” he said, shaking off the memories. “It’s cold in here, so I won’t say no to blankets and sheets, but if you expect me to drop off to sleep when I’m this worked up, you’re going to be waiting until dawn, I hope you realize.”
to prove. They communicated just fine like this, Tony’s body so much easier to understand than his speech, insights coming easily as Steve concentrated on Tony’s reactions. Tony was paying just as much attention,
“About to, yeah.”
“Victory heat,” Steve said, by way of explanation.
Tony hoped he wasn’t visibly shaking. It wasn’t really that cold in the tent, they hadn’t left the southern lands yet, but night was falling fast and bringing frost with it. Between that and the dread, he couldn’t stop trembling.
? No.
Steve hadn’t really known what to believe when he’d gotten the SHIELD briefing on Thor, but he no longer doubted that Thor was past old and into
“Okay, chop-chop, let’s get this show on the road,” Stark said, clapping his hands together. His words faded into the background, unimportant compared to finding out how Barton kissed (enthusiastic and messy, but still careful with his teeth). “Thor, let’s get the green goblin here up to the roof, I have people to do and things to see, time’s a-wasting.”
Steve rummaged through more chests and turned up a long embroidered tunic and leggings that were too gauzy by half, but mostly opaque once Tony layered two pairs over top of each other. Tony got dressed at the same time Steve did, both of them politely turning their backs to each other, as if either of them had anything the other hadn't seen the previous night. It wasn't logical, but it was reassuring anyway.
Tony opened his mouth, shut it with a snap, and dismissed the graph by closing his hand. “I mean,” he said, carefully casual in a way Steve could now recognize as covering uncertainty. “If the opportunity presents itself, I wouldn’t be opposed.”
Steve said nothing, but his lips parted as he breathed in again. The scent of Tony’s slick was probably stronger now that he’d spread it around by sitting up. Steve’s eyes half-closed and his own scent flared. Tony gulped as the wave of strong, spicy-hot alpha scent swamped him, the smell of Steve’s interest enough to start a low throbbing between his legs.
Stark growled and pushed him off. Steve rolled with it, not wanting to push too far or too fast when Stark was still an unknown quantity, but Stark just seized the opportunity to pounce on
Steve was starting to harden again by the time Thor reached his own climax, but it wasn’t an urgent imperative. His heat was fading, finally satisfied, and he folded himself over Thor without drawing off his cock rather than trying for another orgasm. The contact alone was enough.
Tony was glad to have made his own evaluation before the servant showed him to Stane’s office. It made it easier to stand there and be talked over like he wasn’t in the room while Stane and his advisors made frantic plans to convene a peace summit on an hour’s notice, like being there was his own idea. Like he had some measure of control over what was going to happen next. He didn’t usually allow himself the comfort of illusions, but lying to himself was better than falling into blind panic.
“Okay, well,” Tony said, blinking rapidly. His fingers tightened around Steve’s. “Good. That’s settled. Hey, is anyone else fucking starving? I’ve got this craving for shawarma.”
“Lord Wilson has been kind enough to accept my petition to stay on as your retainer, conditional on the Captain’s approval, of course.” Jarvis ran a critical eye over Tony’s arms and face, lingering on his unmarked neck, before giving a little nod of satisfaction. Tony knew what he was noticing: no bruises, no rope burns, no bite marks. Steve had been careful untying the ropes. Steve had been careful with
It took some of the sting out of Stark’s
He was a very nice place to sit, at least. He’d traded the armor and cape for a loose tunic unlaced halfway down his chest. Steve closed his teeth lightly over Thor’s collarbone, then moved to his throat and bit hard enough to mark, feeling smug about the way it made Thor’s hips twitch up.
“Would give me a high-five. And probably ask to join in.”
, but he knew what to expect from Tiberius Stone. Better the devil you know.
Steve nodded. “Dr. Banner?” he asked, as neutral as he could manage.
“Get up here,” Steve said, already a little breathless. Tony was
Bruce was still kneeling at the mattress’ edge, watching Steve with eyes gone heavy-lidded. His cock was straining upwards between his thighs. Both of Bruce’s hands were pressed flat against his thighs, although his fingers flexed as soon as Steve looked at him.
“How soon can you take him?” Romanoff asked.
“I trust an explanation is forthcoming.” When Thor got annoyed, the burr in his voice thickened to a near growl. Steve wanted to knock him over and
Steve tilted his head back and saw Banner looking down at him with a mixture of amusement and trepidation. Banner crouched by the edge of the bed, his folded arms across his knees. “I hope you’re not expecting me to, to do that.”
“Very efficient.” Romanoff slid into the water with a sigh. She tapped a few of the buttons near the tap and the water developed a slight current, fresh water flowing in as old water drained out. Steve approved. He’d only been aiming for less dirty, but if they could actually get
They both climbed in, Stark hissing when the hot water hit his many scabs. Steve didn’t even have to scoot back to make room. That didn’t stop Stark from edging into his space anyway, splashing him just enough to be deliberately obnoxious without being an outright provocation. Steve didn’t rise to the bait, just let Stark work himself up while he and Banner got clean. There would be plenty of time for them to roughhouse later, and Banner was wedged into the far corner of the tub, flinching away from the sprays of water. The tub was big, but it wasn’t a swimming pool.
the Captain. The other was missing his left arm.
. Tony could read a mirror of his own relief in the way Jarvis’ shoulders loosened at finding him unharmed. “With the assistance of the Captain’s men, I was able to bring some of your possessions along with my own.”
“They’re fine,” Natasha said. “Watch.”
“I really hope that was approval and not some kind of critique. It’s your own fault, you know. How else am I supposed to react to an alpha getting so close and--and touching me and smelling good and looking at my--at my everything. It’s just biology, it doesn’t
