He still didn’t want to think about it.
“And we all know he’s not gonna be back ‘til at least lunchtime, so you might as well drink this, Tony.”
Still, if Tony had expected a booming sex life with this new, more attractive version of Steve, he was sadly mistaken. Not only could this Steve not finish a single round of sex withour having an asthma attack, it was also getting harder for him to maintain an erection for very long. He was soon becoming less and less interested in sex, something Tony had never thought he’d say about Steve “I can go ten rounds and still have enough energy to make us dinner” Rogers. Where their nights used to be slow, excitement-filled nights of passion, Tony now had to practically beg Steve to give him so much as a blowjob.
As the crowd broke into cheers once more, Steve felt like he’d been smacked in the head. He looked over at Tony, who was wearing the same expression he imagined was on his face as well. This time, it was the boys from the football team who pushed Tony forward, and Tony looked as dazed as Steve felt as he climbed up the stage and accepted the crown from Mr. Fury.
“Competition for what?”
“And cleaned you up,” Steve confirmed. “I’m sorry.”
“Let’s not talk about it,” he said. “We’re not talking about anything that happened more than 24 hours ago. Please.” He frowned up at Steve. “Except the beard. That’s new.”
“Of course, Captain Rogers.”
“Clint, these are the best brownies I’ve seen in a long time!” Mary gushed, and Clint grinned at the praise.
confidence that my dear old dad would have loved you,” said Tony, rolling his eyes. “Actually, there’s no ‘would have’' in that sentence; he loved you. You were practically the son he never had.”
“Are you okay, Tony?”
“What did I do—” Clint took a cautious bite out of his brownies, and grimaced. “Okay, that’s fair.” Tony and Steve looked at each other, confused, but Clint quickly spelled it out for them, and no doubt for the cameras’ benefit as well. “I must’ve mixed up the salt and the sugar.” He groaned, dropping his face into his hands. “I can’t believe I did something so
Steve just shrugged, and Tony remembered it then. The mysterious stranger’s profile, which had so clearly and blatantly stated that they were ambivalent about kids, and preferred not having them. “You’re joking.”
“Love? Me?” Tony’s voice was a little strangled. “He barely even saw me. I doubt he ever changed a diaper or fed me or even carried me more times than he could count on one hand. He was always so absorbed in his
Tony just gaped at him, looking stunned and exhausted at the same time. Steve felt a little bad for dumping this on him when he was hungover, but a man had to explode at some point.
of the door shutting seemed oddly final.
kiss him.
“You wouldn’t have to do any work, I promise,” he said, almost pleading as he rubbed a hand up and down Steve’s bare leg. “I won’t take long, and I promise I’ll make you feel good.” Steve didn’t say anything, but Tony took his little grunt into the pillow to be a yes, and quickly stripped down to his underwear. The fact that Steve couldn’t stay aroused long enough to orgasm was in no way Tony’s fault.
“No can do, Stark,” said Clint, cradling the mug protectively between his hands. “You should’ve kept some in stock.” He gulped the entire mug down in one go, smirking at Tony. “Whoops.”
“The fourth best pie of the day was Clint’s, much to my surprise,” said Fury. “Your filling was runny and your dough was all wrong, but you made a pie we could actually eat, so you’re moving on.” Clint grinned around at everyone like he hadn’t known this was coming.
Now that Steve thought about it, it really shouldn’t really have been a surprise. He’d been lonely and a little depressed ever since the Battle of New York, and it was only a matter of time before he’d need to find someone to help him through it.
Clint opened his fat mouth to reply, but Natasha slapped a hand over it, not even flinching when Clint started licking at it wetly. “Ignore him,” she said smoothly. “But you do need to tell Tony, Steve. It’s his Tower, after all, and he’s letting us live here rent-free. The least we could do is tell him if we bring someone new in.”
“I’m sorry, Sir, but you’re not allowed to override his commands if that would lead to a destruction of your health.”
“Would I have carried you up here, cleaned you up, got you set with hangover cures
He arranged the round loaf on a tray, quickly perfecting the slits he’d made before. He’d just cut the last slit when Fury called for them to stop.
They ended up not watching the movie at all.
“There you go, treating me like a child again!” Peter huffed. “Tell me what happened, Papa, please.”
Which he must have been regretting right now, because as soon as the cold air of the room touched Tony’s skin, Steve could almost see everything shrink into nothingness.
“Fuck, Tony,” grunted Steve, from where his face was smushed into a pillow, “Tony!”
Tony cut into the conversation just then, breaking up any further discussion. “As much as I’d love to have another cheating scandal on my resume, the thing’s over, we won. That’s it. Get over yourself, losers.” He shot Steve a brilliant smile, which had him blushing even harder. “And lay off the Captain, you’re making his all-American morals go crazy.”
“You all knew?!”
“Stop, Steve, you’re gonna make me cry,” griped Tony playfully, but he relaxed in Steve’s hold, sighing. “This is scary, Steve, I don’t know if we’re gonna be good at it”
“Peter, honey,” Tony started again. “Your Dad and I are not getting divorced, okay? We’re just… going through a rough patch.”
“I thought we were having a moment!”
go to Homecoming,” Steve grumbled. “Tony, you know I don’t do well in crowded places and with lots of people around.” He waved vaguely in the direction of the Homecoming sign-up sheet. “Plus, there’s no real competition for King and Queen anyway. It’s just a popularity contest meant to boost the popular kids’ egos one last time before they leave for college and realize they’re not actually that special. I’ll bet you anything Ty wins again this year.”
As pathetic as it sounded, he’d imprinted on the cat harder than a baby duckling on its mother. It felt nice to have something to do, something to take care of, for a change. It made him feel useful, even a little loved, which wasn’t an emotion he’d felt in well over 60 years.
Steve was the very last person to be judged, so he watched the others’ results with interest. As he’d predicted, almost nobody had managed to make a good pie, Natasha’s in fact resembling the “fruit-flavoured soup with dough croutons” that Fury had predicted more closely than it did a pie. Bruce had burnt his pie so much that even the filling had gone dry, and neither Fury nor Mary were able to cut into the blackened crust.
“Steve, what the fuck—”
“This is all your fault,” Steve grumbled quietly, and the kitten made his way up Steve’s shirt, grabbing on with his little paws until he was settled on Steve’s neck. He nestled his tiny head in the crook of Steve’s neck, purring softly. “Giving me a shoulder to cry on, huh?” Steve smiled, scratching the back of his little ears. “I take it back. You’re the best thing that’s happened to me since I came out of that stupid ice.” Bucky Jr. purred again, softer this time.
. He knew the episode wouldn’t air for a couple of months, at the very least… but he couldn’t help but be surprised at his own daring.
“Get your own.”
Steve really was in pain, a lot of it. He appreciated the wisdom Natasha and Cho had in making him stay here. But he was Steve Rogers. He was never going to admit that, not to anyone.
Tony sat up abruptly, sitting between Steve’s legs. “What if he doesn’t like it?” he asked, a trifle hysterically. “What if… what if he grows up and thinks his name is stupid?”
“This is wonderful! Your filling is exquisite, and the crust is technically perfect. One of the best pies I’ve seen in this competition by far!”
“Well, I don’t,” said Tony bluntly, “If you were around, I doubt Howard would’ve come home at all.” Tony stood up and walked slowly around the room, rocking Peter, whose eyes were now half shut, in his arms. “Steve, honey, listen to me. I love how worked up you’re getting over this, but it’s done, okay? You can’t go back in time and fix anything, and frankly, I wouldn’t want you to. I’m happy where we are now.” Tony smiled down at Peter, and the sight of that, more than anything, helped Steve calm his nerves once more.
“What is it?” Steve demanded. He tried to sit up to see the injury on his leg for himself, but it hurt to sit up.
“Of course I am,” Tony agreed, and Steve shook his head.
“Steve, no. Not now. You know we’re on a time limit.” Steve just kept grinning at him, and Tony groaned in frustration. “Fine,
He pushed away the urge to pull the ring out of his jeans, and instead wrapped an arm around his boyfriend and pulled him flush to his body. They watched the lake together, both men happy, content and in love.
And, speak of the devil, Ty Stone walked past them at that exact moment, ‘accidentally’ elbowing Steve in the ribs. Ty was one of the few people in their school who was both bigger and stronger than Steve — he’d been on the school football team for five years now, and held back twice. By all rights, he should’ve graduated two years ago.
“And when you do, there’s gonna be an emergency in Tokyo, or it’ll be parent’s night at Peter’s school, or there’ll be an Avengers-level threat we need to fight,” Tony grumbled, snuggling harder into Steve’s side. “We haven’t spent any alone time together in
“We didn’t have cups here, Tony,” said Steve, sighing and pulling Tony to his feet. “C’mon.” He supported Tony’s body with his own, trying not to let himself indulge at how closely they were touching. “Let’s get home, okay? Happy’s waiting for us.”
“Steve! Homecoming is only the
, in a way, when he was asleep. Younger, less guarded. His face didn’t have that firm set to it anymore, and his normally stoic expression was replaced with one of sleepy exhaustion.
“It’s a big hit with the rest of the Avengers,” said Steve, and as if to prove his point, Bucky yelled at them from outside the marquee.
“I—” Steve was wildly confused. Not only had he not thought of telling Tony, the idea that he needed to involve Tony in this at all was not something he had considered. “But if I ask him, he’ll say no.” He looked up at Natasha pleadingly. “I can’t risk that.”
“We’ve run out of coffee,” enunciated Natasha slowly. “For a genius, you really are stupid in the mornings.” Tony didn’t even seem to hear her, more fixated on the fact that there was no coffee left in the tower.
, of all things.
“Coffee, then cuddles,” mumbled Tony, his words muffled by the fact that his face was hidden in Steve’s shirt. Steve rolled his eyes but acquiesced, leading Tony to their communal kitchen.
“Stop overthinking this and let me help.” Steve opened his eyes.
“That means get your hands off the pie, Spider-Man! You too, birdbrain!” Both Peter and Clint startled, quickly taking their hands off their not-quite-completed pies. Steve quickly repositioned a few of his stars while everyone’s attention was diverted. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Tony do the same.
Steve wiped his brow as he set the prepared loaf into the oven, sighing with a secret relief that this whole thing was finally over, at least. Behind him, Tony was still working on shaping his dough.
“I can’t belive this stupid body doesn’t even let me have sex,” grumbled Steve, “And I’m sorry you couldn’t finish, Tony.”
“Well, I can’t fix that, Tony, you’ll have to start from scratch.”
When he reached the penthouse, though, he could tell immediately that Tony wasn’t there yet. He hadn’t come to bed with Steve last night, claiming he needed to finish some “time-sensitive work” in the lab, and he still hadn’t been in bed at 4:30, when Steve woke up for his run. He’d made a detour to the lab, kissing Tony good morning and making him promise to shut down and go to sleep. Clearly, Tony hadn’t followed through on his promise.
“What d’you want me to do?”
Steve felt his heart sink back into his stomach. Clint had chosen to go with salted caramel twist brownies, and they did look incredible, the light brown caramel waving appealingly up and down through the dark chocolate of the brownie. It was perfectly sized, perfectly baked through, and had a wonderful crust; Steve wasn’t even sure he was safe anymore.
So Steve did, watching Tony and Thor battle Clint in what seemed like a match to the death. It was only when Clint waved a white handkerchief out of the grills on the floor — and Steve seriously needed to ask him
“You… what?” Tony seemed momentarily struck dumb. “But you’re always so nice to me.”
Immediately, there was a flurry of movement as everybody scrambled to start making their pies, and the cameramen moved around them, trying to find the optimal angles to film from. Steve felt a little bad for them; it had to be hard trying to film everything Wanda was doing at once with her powers; or getting any usable footage over Thor’s bulk.
“Hey, sweetheart.”
Steve had to laugh at that. He pulled Tony into a hug, which Tony gladly accepted. ”I’m sorry about your phone, honey.”
Maybe they couldn’t have sex the normal way, but that didn’t mean Tony wasn’t going to enjoy every bit of Steve’s new body.
Steve sighed as he watched Tony sleep, a wave of exhaustion suddenly hitting him.
Peter smiled, a wet, weak smile, but still a smile. It made Steve feel so much happier, too. He hadn’t seen his baby boy smile for a long time, he realized.
“He’s out. Running. That’s probably why the kitten’s up here, Steve usually takes care to keep it in his room—” Clint stopped, shrinking under Tony’s icy glare.
“And I know you’re mad but I don’t think
“Sweetheart,” said Tony gently, embracing him close. “I know. It’s okay.”
. Just because I want to get this done and not fail, Steve Rogers, you are the best baker slash Avenger.”
That wasn’t even as stupid as it sounded. Photos from the set of last week’s taping had leaked onto every social media site, as expected, and their relationship was public knowledge within minutes of them having gotten home. Steve hadn’t cared too much, really, but the public was going wild, both about their relationship and the fact that they were now competing against each other, and there were actual websites rallying people to join “Team Cap” or ”Team Iron Man”. The Avengers were more popular in England than they had ever been before.
“Perhaps.”
he was. Their relationship was public knowledge, Steve knew, but the fact thatTony was willing to be so…
“There’s muffin I’d rather do than be with you.”
“Blizzard,” Steve said, leaning down to press a kiss to Tony’s forehead. Tony closed his eyes, relaxing for what was probably the first time since he’d started working as he leaned into Steve’s touch.
“Now, now, dear, it wasn’t that bad,” said Mary hastily, even as she gulped down a large glass of water. “It’s just that… your flavours are a little unorthodox.”
“Can you believe we both won?” said Tony dreamily, resting his head on Steve’s broad chest. “I’m so proud of you, baby.”
“Alright, Avengers!” said Mary, clapping her hands, “Please stand ready with your pies; Nick and I will be coming around to judge them individually.”
“I know you didn’t. Anyone who literally babies me after a hangover is someone I can trust.” He looked at Steve with his big doe eyes all earnest and shiny and bloodshot, and Steve felt his heart flutter again. “You’re a great friend to have, kid.”
Immediately Tony was at his side, holding his son to his chest. “Oh honey…” He shook his head, tears threatening to spill from his own eyes as well.
They had broken up, and it was Tony’s doing. He couldn’t sit here and mope about it, not anymore, and definitely not when he was about to go on a date with someone else.
to Homecoming.” Tony looked aghast.
Tony turned around quickly, ready to fend off the intruder, but it was just Steve.
“Isn’t it called the Great British Baking
Tony’s head fell onto Steve’s shoulder as they drove, half-asleep but alert. Steve rubbed a soothing hand up and down Tony’s arm, and Tony smiled dopily.
“Tony, that is horrible,” said Steve, bluntly. He felt the beginnings of a familiar heat stir in his stomach, the same heat that had gotten him into so much trouble as a little shrimp in the streets of Brooklyn. “Howard… I always thought he was a nice guy. I didn’t realize—”
“Okay, I think the cameras got enough, you can stop now.” Fury sounded mildly disgusted, and Steve laughed pressing one last kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth before pulling away.
Tony spent a good forty-five minutes in the shower, rubbing every single bit of dirt and grime he could feel off his skin. In a way it was like compensating for the whirling of his brain – if he couldn’t wipe the memories out of his head, he could at least
Steve immediately turned to look at Tony’s loaf, his heart sinking as he took in all the critical details. He couldn’t tell much about it from this distance, but it looked almost perfect; round, crispy and a nice golden-brown. The slits weren’t as neat as Steve’s, but that wasn’t a big deal; this round would be very very close.
Tony didn’t sound angry or enraged. If anything, he sounded a little… disappointed. Sad, even. Steve suddenly felt guilty, and then angry that he felt guilty. He was allowed to feel whatever he wanted to feel.
Maybe being snowed in wouldn’t be all bad, after all.
“So does that mean I win?” asked Clint excitedly, popping into the tent with no warning. “I mean, if Steve and Tony are kicked out, and I had the third best brownies last week… I win, right?”
“Tony, he’s lucky he’s alive at all,” said Natasha fiercely, but with a note of softness in her voice. “I was sure, when he hit the ground, that, well…” She fell silent, apparently unwilling to finish the thought, and Tony resumed his pacing again.
did you put into that thing, Maximoff?” asked Fury, his eyes blazing. “Were you trying to kill us?” Wanda looked confused, almost on the verge of crying.
Steve beamed. “Thank you, ma’am.”
“I say this again with all the respect I have for you Steve, but yeah,
“We always knew Cap had a favourite.”
So that was how Steve Rogers ended up taking a quick shower in Tony Stark’s en-suite, soon deeply asleep on the couch in Tony’s room.
For about five seconds, anyway.
“We’re… sorry, Mary.” Tony sounded as guilty as Steve felt. “We were just… trying to help—”
Steve had to confess he was disappointed, but he knew Tony was right; they didn’t want to reveal anything to the others too early. So they settled back in their respective spots, trying to act like any other normal people watching a movie, but under the blanket, Steve’s hand never left Tony’s waist. Even when they’d paused the movie halfway through for Steve to fetch the rest of the popcorn, Steve’s hands returned right to their spot under Tony’s shirt, simply enjoying the feel of his soft skin and defined muscles.
“Well, that is a big disappointment, Tony, they did seem wonderfully well done on the outside.” Mary patted Tony’s back in a gentle, motherly fashion, and sampled a small bit of the brownie edge, which was the only part that was cooked through. “Pity, it tastes so wonderful too.” Tony looked appropriately ashamed, grumbling to himself as the judges moved on to Thor and Clint’s station.
By the time Steve was finished, Tony felt a weird combination of aroused and boneless, melted into the mattress and far too comfortable to move. He turned his head on the pillow in his best half-hearted attempt to look at Steve.
"But your father
Any urge Steve might have had to panic was soothed by the fact that he had already been through this line of questioning a few times this evening, by different people, and all the answers he practiced with Natasha came much more naturally after repeating them a few times.
, and what I get in return is suspicion of being the very thing I fought against!"
Steve
printed a very special tenth anniversary edition.
>Okay, you got me. I don't have the Chinese food YET, but the beer and movies are a reality.
The program shut down, the lights of the training room coming back up to normal, and Steve stepped away from the wall, toward the center of the mat to give Tony a hand up. “Good work, soldier.”
Tony's tone is blithe, but he
"Yeah," Steve said. "It's kind of a school function? He said it was for his science club, so ... I guess there are going to be students and teachers there, too. I forgot to ask if I could bring someone with me, but I can send him a text -"
Tony departed with a hint of his own awkwardness, and Steve sighed. He got the distinct feeling he had just blown it, even though he couldn't put his finger on exactly what went wrong ... if, in fact, anything actually had.
, Commander."
“We weren’t always good,” Steve said grimly, thinking back to their many covert operations during the war, committing sabotage and infiltrating bases. “But we were on the side of right.”
," she hissed. "You know better."
Tony pulled a face, but before he could say anything, Steve suggested, "How about our place?"
"Down here." Sternberg scrambles down the staircase he had attempted to descend moments ago, fumbling to unlock the door at the bottom.
universe, Steve and Tony are not always friends (or more).
"This man is currently known as Anthony Carbonell," Fury said. He keyed his controls again, and the display changed to an older looking picture of a much younger man, but he was obviously just a younger version of the same. "Formerly known as Anthony Edward Stark."
Then Tony relaxed, his features softening into a small, private smile. “Yeah?”
"Can someone tell me what the fuck is going on?" Tony demanded.
“I don’t like the idea of you going in without backup, Cap,” Iron Man said.
"It's an artificial intelligence?" Steve asked, perking with interest. He peered at the machine - no, robot - again, tilting his head to the side.
"Tony," Steve says. "
By the time the call disconnects, it's late, and Tony is yawning, the fact that he hasn't had a good night's sleep since before Madripoor finally catching up to him. He checks for Anthony, and finds the man has wandered off into the corner, where the other tanks - the other Avengers - are standing.
"I'm sorry." Pepper reaches across the table and rests her hand delicately on Steve's wrist. "I've just been thinking of Tony a lot, lately."
Steve's stomach sinks, and he stares hard at the hooded figure, desperately hoping that some shred of the man's personality has held on. "
Jarvis smiled, the corners of his eyes crinkling. "I know."
That definitely did not instill Tony with a great deal of confidence. He took a breath, deep and harsh inside the suit with the speakers off, then he just ... went for it, retracting the armor’s helmet and revealing his face.
"Oh, so now you're just leaving?" Tony groused. He loved it, though; Captain America, stopping by for lunch and a quickie.
While Steve was brooding over it, his phone pinged again.
Tony kept up a one-sided flow of conversation most of the way, appearing not to notice - or at least, not to care - that Steve's responses were few and far between. When they finally arrived at their venue, multiple cars were already present; the house itself was crowded, although the space was nearly as large as Tony's home, and equally as packed with people as Tony's Christmas party had been.
Tony turned, stared incredulously. "
"How do we know each other?"
Steve shook his head. “You were still a hero. When you flew off with that bomb ...” He took a careful breath, closing his eyes. “I thought I’d lost you.”
Today, though, it was a little different. Tony was in his office - working, for a change - sitting behind his desk in one of his immaculate suits (dark gray; shirt in a shade of blue that wouldn't have looked out of place on Captain America) when Steve showed up with lunch as a surprise.
"See my point?" Steve wondered, laughing. He released Tony's hands and slipped his hands down to Tony's hips. "Even if I
"Hi," Natasha answered, her lips quirking in a small smile. "I'm surprised to see you're awake."
“Secret identities?” Tony wondered.
"Yeah," Steve said weakly.
Tony put his tongue to use in the filthiest vocal encouragement he could come up with, at least, goading Steve on, until Steve had given him a minimal amount of prep and finally, at last, his cock was pressed against Tony's ass.
Steve huffed a soft laugh, breath clouding in the cool morning air.
"Okay, then." Steve walked to his car and rummaged in his things for a pen and a piece of paper, and he scrawled a quick note to Tony, thanking him for a nice day - Steve
"What?" he asked, trying for innocence (and failing badly, he knew).
Tony glances down at Steve, who's still snoring quietly between them. "Yeah, I guess so."
"Hmm." Steve leaned down and kissed him; Tony could still taste himself on Steve's tongue. "I'll see you later."
Steve allows Tony to set the rhythm for a while, but once they're moving steadily together, Steve presses back into each thrust, until they're moving at a punishing pace, Tony's hips pounding into Steve's ass.
"I ... have no idea how I didn't notice that earlier," Tony said.
Tony shrugged in the over-expressive way that was all the suit allowed. “I’ll try.”
"I got you a number sixteen," Steve says, setting the paper-wrapped sandwich in front of Tony. He seems amused as he turns around and hands another to Anthony. "And
In spite of the warmth and distraction of the moment, Steve still heard the whistle that he knew would precede a loud
“You want to talk about it?” Steve asked. He offered the stack of papers over.
The news clip transitioned from an aerial view of the battle between the Asgardian and the Squadron Supreme, to an interview with the hero Hyperion. His chiseled face was smug as he spoke into the several microphones that had been thrust under his nose: “
sound like madness: if the Squadron were really heroes, they wouldn’t resort to wiping their enemies from reality.
"I didn't walk out on you," Steve protested. "I didn't want to wake you up. I left a
"I can't imagine going out that way," Tony admits. "Losing everything that makes you who you are."
Tony winced anyway. So much for that.
Clint snorted. "Geez, Nat. You don't have to be so protective."
The papers littering the table are mostly sketches and designs, but a few sheets are covered in cramped handwriting, what looks like equations written in some kind of code.
"Already texting with him?" Natasha asked. "Good job. But I think it's a better idea for you to go alone - don't want him getting the wrong impression. I'll show up separately, pretend I came with someone else."
At first, Steve had been uncertain that working with Iron Man would be a good idea. Captain America’s identity was secret as well, and while Iron Man and Ms. Potts knew his face beneath the cowl, along with Edwin Jarvis and Jim Rhodes, none of their crew knew his name, merely referring to him as ‘Cap’ when the need for a name arose.
“Can we start with the fact you lied to me?” Steve asked. “To
to Steve."
Tony flapped a hand dismissively. “Whatever. You know, I
Tony laughed softly. “Sorry about letting you sleep out there, by the way. I tried to wake you up, but you were pretty out of it.”
Items of an unusual nature were exactly the sort of thing Tony Edwards specialized in, which was presumably just why General Fury had tapped the man inside the Iron Man for this particular mission. Captain America was along as backup for Iron Man, while the rest of the Invaders were deployed with Fury’s Howling Commandos unit for a separate assignment.
Steve laughed, the sound low and warm. "Pretty sure that wasn't one of the side effects of the serum," he said, sliding his hands down Tony's back again.
"There, there," Jarvis said, patting Tony's back. "You've got a little while, yet. You can't do much of anything until you're eighteen, right?"
Anthony seems to be breathing much easier by the time he and Steve return with lunch.
Steve lowers his head onto Tony's shoulder again, snuggling in against Tony's side. They both remain quiet for a moment, then Steve volunteers, "My dad was an alcoholic."
Peggy quietly excuses herself, while Steve asks again after Tony's condition.
, anyway, since Tony found time for company other than his own hand? It was risky to date, given his secrets -- and yet here he was about to screw a guy who ran around in a mask, saving old ladies from muggers, or something.
How long had it
Tony was silent for a moment, looking down. "Yeah," he said when he finally raised his eyes. "I am. I mean, it's a little lonely sometimes, you know? I was practically a kid when I moved here, and it's felt kind of dishonest to let anyone too close."
. I kissed Captain America."
Sternberg pauses, gripping the edge of the counter with one hand.
Tony can imagine the softness of Steve's lips, the warm wetness of his tongue, as Steve takes Anthony into his mouth, and judging from the way Anthony's entire body jumps beneath Tony's touch, it seems safe to assume he's enjoying it just as much as Tony normally does.
“It’s alright,” Tony said, stepping aside to let Steve have a look at the screens. “The hardest part isn’t just getting them to trust what I’ve got to say, it’s getting them all together in the first place. I think Falcon will be the best starting point, he’s a dropout from SHIELD Academy, a promising cadet name of Sam Wilson, but SHIELD hasn’t put two and two together yet, so he still maintains his civilian identity.”
"Steve," she said. "You're very ... genuine. I don't mean that in an old fashioned way, I just mean that you're sincere, even when you're being stubborn or belligerent. It gets through to people."
By the time Steve realized he'd spent longer than was strictly polite in staring, Tony was looking at him with an especially sly grin.
Steve realized he was developing a bit of a fixation the first time he got a peek inside Tony's closet, while Tony was in the bathroom trimming his beard. Tony had left his chosen suit out, but asked Steve to go retrieve him a tie; it was when Tony came out to question how long Steve had taken - was he having trouble finding the one? - that Steve got caught gawking and flushed furiously.
"If you finish that question," Natasha said calmly, "I won't be held responsible for my actions."
," she says archly.
Tony looked up, but he didn't say anything, and his expression didn't much change.
At this rate, Steve was almost looking forward to the party, just to have something to do. He was not used to having so much downtime, not the kind that was enforced by mission parameters and spent generally alone. He was at liberty to do what he wanted, while at the same time limited in that scope by the circumstances.
It was Steve’s idea, and a pretty brilliant one under the circumstances of Tony’s villainous alter-ego: a seed planted in the Stark R&D database, some hypothetical tech that didn’t really exist, but which would be impossible for someone with Iron Man’s agenda to pass up. Tony knew it wasn’t going to work, of course, and that there was only so much longer he could put off Steve, but ... he was being selfish, and risky, all because he didn’t want this to end.
Tony laughed, and pushed himself up from the shower door. He grabbed the handle and slid the glass open, then stumbled inside, dragging Steve along with him. Tony began to lose his balance from the momentum, so Steve took the opportunity to push him up against the tiled wall (strictly to steady him, of course).
Tony wondered if Steve had mentioned him a lot, but it felt rude to ask. "Well," he said. "Who doesn't like to watch
The other houses on the street seemed less deserted than they did the night of Tony's party; one family was out on their front lawn building a snowman, and another couple of kids were running around playing with what were probably new toys from Santa.
"I haven't bought any Christmas presents," Natasha admitted, as they stood back to admire their handiwork.
The art store proved to have a wide array of things that Steve had nowhere near the money for seventy years ago, and he took his time browsing the selection before choosing two sketchpads of varying weight, a variety of pencils in graphite and charcoal, and a few different erasers. Even the fifty dollar budget he allotted himself did not go far; the bag Steve ultimately left the store with was hardly a notable weight in his hand.
“Yeah, that’s it, Steve. You’re safe, okay? You’re with me, and we’re at Clint’s farm that we didn’t know existed until today, and we’re being watched by a million little pink ponies. Clint must get paid good money at SHIELD to afford all these toys.”
“We… we had a few financial troubles,” said Tony, surprisingly. “That’s the start of it, really. Everything else snowballed from there, and it’s too complicated for you.”
“Tony!” Tony paused his monologue abruptly at Steve’s tone. He looked around them, and Steve noticed how quickly he lost steam as the crowd stood around them with phones and cameras on full blast. He had no doubt this would be the top headline tomorrow — Avengers power couple already on rocky road to divorce?
“Tell him to try living in this body then,” mumbled Steve, and Tony turned to look at him, really take him in, as he’d done several times in the last few hours.
Steve simply shrugged. “I mean… I know we haven’t had a perfect marriage in a while, and I’ll admit we’re equally to blame. But I also know we’re willing to work on it, and we don’t want to leave each other; that’s why we’re here in the first place. Why can’t we just say we’re sorry and… move on?”
, and well… this is all I can do well.”
The judges praised Tony’s blueberry pie, which, in Steve’s opinion, really did look good. They probably scored it higher than they should have because of the incident with Wanda, but Tony really did deserve the points, so Steve wasn’t complaining.
He ordered a hot chocolate, blushing a little as Tony handed him the cup.
“So… we won?”
“What?”
A nightmare that, apparently, involved Tony.
“How’d I end up with someone as understanding as you?” smiled Tony. He grabbed onto Steve’s hand, hiding it under a pillow between them, and Steve felt comforted by that small gesture of comfort, at least.
Steve shook himself as he walked inside the tower, looking remarkably like a wet golden retriever as the flecks of ice and melted snow slid off his golden-blond hair. He nodded vaguely at the security at the gate and headed inside, internally pitying them; it was only about 7 AM, and this blizzard was already growing to enormous proportions. He could see their day getting a lot worse as it went ahead. It was so big that Steve had to cut his run short, running back to the safety of the Tower before he could finish his customary 25 miles.
“I’m sorry,” said Steve immediately, and Tony mentally cursed himself.
So it just came down to Steve and Tony, and really, Steve was more than fine with that.
“And none of you thought it would be a good idea to tell me?” The others could practically see the steam coming out of his ears, and Bruce made a quick, quiet exit. “What the
, or you can go get your own,” Steve grumbled, and when Tony tugged at it again, Steve pulled as well. The blanket almost flew away from Tony’s body, leaving him in a flimsy t-shirt and nothing else.
“I can’t fix that mess, but I think I have enough of my dough left over that you can make a base, at the very least,” he said, quickly pulling out a handful of his blue dough. “Sorry, I’ve already coloured it…”
“Know what?”
“How’d I ever get lucky enough to end up with you?”
“You realize you’ve ruined the entire room?” Tony waved his concerns away dismissively.
“Welcome back, bakers, to the second week of The Great British Bake Off,” said Mary cheerfully. Clint, Thor and Tony followed her enthusiasm with cheers of their own, while Steve stood stoic and focused, as Captain America should.
,” said Fury, glaring in Thor’s direction. “By all rights you should be disqualified.”
Steve tried to hide his blush, sneaking a quick glance over his shoulder to make sure the cameras were occupied. Every single cameraman was stationed around Wanda, ooh-ing and aah-ing at the red wisps of magic that seemed to be doing all the work.
trying not to look, forcing him into a pair of soft silk pyjamas. Normally he’d take the time to take everything in, to marvel at the softness of the silk, but his primary mission right now was to get Tony to bed, fully dressed and capable of waking up in the morning without a head cold.
And Tony wanted to argue, he really did — he wasn’t a small child looking for comfort, he was an adult, he was Iron Man, he was the CEO of a multi-billion dollar company; but somehow, in Steve’s arms, he couldn’t stop himself from giving way to the fears and panic and tears he’d been bottling up.
“...Steve?”
to kill us?” he thundered, and for once, Clint looked almost scared of the director.
to. So he got the full blast of it when Tony picked his phone up and all that was visible were thin cracks running up the glass, spider-webbing out to make a pattern Steve sincerely hoped he wasn’t really seeing.
He shoved himself quickly and erratically into Steve, trying to maximize his pleasure so they could be done before a nurse or doctor came in. Steve’s cries of pleasure increased, even though he hadn’t gotten hard at all, and Tony thrust even harder at the one point he knew would drive Steve crazy. He continued thrusting inside of Steve even as he reached his peak, enjoying the oversensitivity.
If he thought the day would get better after breakfast, he was sadly mistaken. Peter stayed shut up in his room all day, only emerging to grab a few snacks now and again, and making sure  to keep out of his parents’ way. He looked sullen and despondent, a perfect image of how Steve felt. Tony, for his part, kept to the kitchen and the living room, but made no effort to communicate with Steve other than occasional sentences like “Could you pass me the remote?”. This was not what Steve had envisioned for this weekend.
that emanated from the man right now — and really, Steve couldn’t have done anything in that moment
Bruce held his arm up for a fist pump, which Thor duly returned, despite looking like he had no idea what had just happened.
“He does, we just didn’t think we needed to share with you.” Tony just grinned as Fury turned the full force of his one-eyed glare onto him, but luckily, Fury seemed to decide that Tony’s comment didn’t merit a reply.
“Must be a coincidence, sir.”
Steve sipped his coffee with a smile, his heart content and at peace. Sitting here outside of Stark Bookstores, he had everything he needed to keep him happy: a nice, fat, new book and a hot cup of coffee that would stay warm for at least an hour.
He heard Tony call his name behind him, but he ignored it, rushing to his floor to take a shower. He stayed under the water for a long time, trying to focus on the sensation of hot water on his skin and the smell of the insanely expensive soaps and shampoos Tony usually kept for him. Suddenly, he felt an almost nauseating wave of guilt wash over him.
“Give him back here, I don’t think I held him for long enough.” Steve dutifully handed Peter back to Tony. A wave of happiness washed over him as he watched his boys,
in my house?”
Steve knew he had to apologize, but he hadn’t expected it to be this soon. He thought he’d have time to collect himself, maybe write a nice little speech, and deliver it with one of Tony’s favourite cheeseburgers.
Everyone’s eyes were on them for the first dance, and Steve focused on not tripping over himself or trampling on Steve’s feet. He let Tony, who had more experience with this sort of thing, lead them while he turned, and soon enough, the dance floor was filled with couples gazing into each others’ eyes.
“You’re still the most beautiful person I know,” he whispered into his ear, “Even without the serum, even with all these bruises, I still want to carry you to bed and fuck you ‘til we’re both tired out.” Steve stiffened under him, probably from the pain, and Tony continued caressing him softly. Anything for his Steve.
“This is
“That’s... actually not half bad,” said Mary, looking around to Nick like she’d discovered a new anti-aging secret. “It could boost our popularity with the younger crowd, too.”
Say what you wanted about Steve Rogers, but the one thing he really did care about was his dignity. And he was more than willing to make a fool of himself for Tony, but not when he knew that this was clearly a lost cause.
Steve was so totally gone for him.
“Urgent Avengers business,” Tony murmured to Sandy and Noel, who moved out of their way, alarmed. Steve was a little alarmed as well, but he couldn’t say a word until Tony had dragged him into a thick clump of trees behind the marquee.
Steve shook his head. “I haven’t apologized to you yet.”
Steve hesitated a little bit. He and Tony really were close, and Steve had seen more of the man than any normal PA would. Still… stripping him naked in his own bathroom seemed like a bit of a violation of privacy. But it was either that or let him fall asleep covered in vomit, so Steve had to take the plunge.
“I just mean,” he said, trying to get the words right, “I like dating you. Even if we’ve only been doing it for thirty minutes.”
“What I want to know is how I spent
Steve groaned, his head falling back onto the tree he was leaned up against. Tony was right; right now, the competition didn’t seem so important.
“So…” they started at the same time, and Steve cleared his throat. “You go first.”
Steve took advantage of the awkwardness to sneak a glance at Tony, who was huddled over his coffee, deliberately missing Steve’s eye. He looked tired, and his eyes were red; neither of them had slept well last night, for obvious reasons.
“Not all at once,” she said, “I’d recommend one person at a time.”
“Take her!” one of the stylists yelled from behind them. She pulled Wanda, who looked pleased but confused, to the front of the marquee. “We’ve finally got her hair to stay down and I don’t know how long it’ll take to look like Einstein again, so for the love of God, interview her before I have to go to war with her hair again.”
“Sorry, the beds might be a little too small for you, Cap,” said Clint, breezing in with his arms full of pillows and sheets. “The kids are sleeping in the attic and Laura and I are on the couch, but Nat called dibs on our bedroom, so you and Tony get this one.”
Behind them, Peter sniffled, quietly enough that almost no one but his Papa could hear him. Teenage boys had to keep up appearances, after all. A quick glance to the rearview mirror confirmed that Peter’s eyes were indeed red, and Tony, who was looking outside the window and studiously avoiding his family, looked as guilty as Steve felt.
Next, there was the makeup. Tony had insisted on putting a light touch of makeup on Steve — “just to make you stand out, babe!” — and while Tony was crowing and exclaiming over the amazing job he’d done, Steve couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable. If this was what women felt like every day, he pitied them.
“If you think
“I love the red, white and blue theme,” Mary commented, lifting a slice of pie up to look at it from every angle. “And, oh! Apple pie! An American classic.”
“He can choose what he wants when he’s older,” said Steve, barely even listening to Tony’s words. “Tony, look! He smiled at me.” Tony looked, and then wrinkled his nose.
“That’s not how this works, Barton,” Fury barked, and even the normally placid Mary seemed completely done with Clint.
“Tony, sweetheart, where is this coming from?” Steve stood up and wrapped Tony in his arms, pressing quick, soft kisses to his cheeks. “You were so excited about this five minutes ago.”
“I know you’re built like a brick shithouse, but you’re so wonderfully soft,” Tony mumbled. His face was squished into Steve’s chest, and Steve nested his cheek on Tony’s mop of fluffy brown hair. “I’m gonna squash you like a bug.”
“But what if he doesn’t?” Tony got up and started pacing around the room, gesturing wildly. “What if he hates us? What if we don’t do this right? What if—” Tony paused and clutched at his hair. “I’m gonna be a terrible father. I don’t even know how to change a diaper!”
“It’s something that always confused me about cooking shows,” he started, “How am I supposed to give you soundbites today when I don’t know what my food will be like tomorrow?” The adults in the room had to stifle their laughter.
“Well then, let’s say I’m horribly shaken up by your accident and the fact that I had to pull a knife out of fresh skin, and I’m traumatized by how close you came to losing your leg. Staying here and offering to help is the only way I can feel better. Happy now?” He  looked at Steve, a fiery challenge in his eyes for a moment, but then sighed, all the bluster taken out of his sails.
“I think it’s all the total losers who
Tony had never had a boner be so confused before.
“Bucky’s idea,” he said before looking Tony over again. His intense gaze gave Tony the feeling he was being x-rayed. “This was not what I expected.”
“That we love each other so much, we didn’t want anyone to lose. This was all a great big love story.” Tony sighed dramatically, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder like a damsel in distress.
To his surprise, everyone else was awake and gathered around the coffee pot already. In his almost three years living with the Avengers, Steve couldn’t once recall ever seeing them up this early.
“It’s not like we have a lot of opportunities to make bread.”
Peter shook his head and pulled out of Tony’s hold. “But what
“Bakers, you should be thinking about taking your loaves out of the oven by now,” said Mary, her voice betraying a hint of a giggle. Ah, the British, Steve thought, so much less reserved about sex than Americans were.
Tony needed to keep Steve around, after all, if he wanted to keep having such wonderfully amazing, mind-blowing sex.
“No,” said Steve. “Should I?”
Steve was never the greatest at comforting people, and he turned away uncomfortably, just in time to notice the judges’ confused looks at Thor’s brownies — or more appropriately, Thor’s singular brownie.
. With
“Wait,” said Thor, pausing with his hammer in the air, “I see a bit of his shield!”
Steve finished sprinkling a last few chocolate shavings over his brownies and quickly pulled away. He appraised them carefully, nodding slightly to himself. They didn’t look bad, not as good as he’d wanted them to at the beginning, but fair enough for how badly he’d messed up. Tony shot him a discreet thumbs up as the judges moved towards Steve’s brownies.
“No, I just meant—”
“We’re going to have so much fun with you! Oh, watch out, you might want to stay under the awning, we don’t want any moisture getting in your lovely hair…”
“It’s not the buildings we’re looking at Tony, it’s the
At that moment, Steve couldn’t refuse Tony anything. “Only if you do too.”
“You weren’t exactly hiding it, Steve,” Natasha snorted. “Holding hands under a blanket? Are you guys still in eighth grade?”
“This was where he fell and you saved him, remember?” said Tony fondly. “Who knew that I’d fall then too?” He smirked. “Fall for you, I mean.”
“Only you, Steve Rogers,” Tony mumbled, his head hidden in the crease of Steve’s neck. “Only you.” Steve pulled him into a kiss, and Tony relaxed instantly into his hold, his arms wrapping themselves automatically around Steve’s neck while Steve’s fit ever so perfectly on his waist. It was wet and messy and nowhere near a perfect kiss, given that both men were crying while also trying not to cry, but Tony had never felt happier in his life.
“I’m fine, Tony just hurry up and fuck me already,” grumbled Steve. “Nothing hurts, I feel great, and I am very prepared, so if you don’t mind…” He wiggled his butt suggestively.
“Yeah, well, I can’t control the weather, Tony.” Steve glared at his husband, who glared right back for half a second before sighing and cuddling closer.
He tried, he really did. He’d stepped up to Tony several times and started to open his mouth, but he could never get the words out. One time, he’d gotten as far as “Tony, maybe we should…” before he clammed up again. He’d mumbled, “Maybe we should de-ice the car before the snow gets any heavier,” and ran to the solitude of his room.
Everyone looked at each other.
” Steve called out behind them, still blushing hard as Natasha and Bruce left, shutting the door behind them. Steve buried his head in Tony’s shoulder, too embarrassed to enjoy their solitude.
“We’ll need some time to decide on the winner,” said Mary, gesturing between the couple. “You’ve both done wonderfully, you deserve a break.” A smattering of giggles broke out as the judges turned away; everyone knew Steve and Tony had already had quite a wonderful ‘break’, and Mary’s comment had very clearly only been for the audience.
“Oh, no, he never laid a finger on me,” Tony assured him, “but that’s probably only because that would’ve required him to actually pay any attention to me. He just…” Tony sighed, fiddling with a corner of Peter’s blanket. “He never once told me he loved me, you know? I never once heard a “good job” or an “I’m proud of you” ever leave his mouth in relation to me. I grew up wondering why all the other kids had dads who played catch with them and bought them ice cream, and mine treated me as if I was part of the wallpaper.”
“We did it, Steve, we did it,” said Tony, his face buried in the crook of Steve’s neck. He was shaking so hard, Steve couldn’t tell if he was laughing or crying. He understood the feeling.
“You did, Sir.” JARVIS seemed almost gleeful, as much as it was possible for him to show any emotion at all. “Your direct orders were that Captain Rogers had full control over your stopping point when you have reached the point of near-exhaustion.”
“Everything okay, Mr. Rogers?” asked Fury, noting his distress. Steve forced a smile, hoping he’d be able to fix this without anyone noticing.
he did that — that Tony and Thor stopped blasting at random around the room.
“He’s the only family member you have left, of course I had to ask him.” Steve laughed wetly, pulling Tony into a hug. “I asked Rhodey and Pepper too, if it makes you feel any better.”
“Tony,” said Steve, quietly and wondrously, his eyes so wide Tony could see the twinkling of the lights in them. “How— what?”
Not really, no. I think I’m a better baker than most of these people; I’d be surprised if Thor even makes it past the first round. Tony might be a bit of stiff competition, because he really can bake very well. Did I mention that he baked me a cake for my birthday this year? He didn’t buy it; he made it from scratch, complete with red, white and blue icing. I’m so grateful to have Tony in my life.
. “Fuck, I hate caves.”
“I love you, Tony,” said Steve simply, ignoring the burning in his throat. “I love you and I don’t know what’ll happen to us but I know I want to keep you around forever. And Peter.”
They looked at each other and, as if by mutual consensus, trooped out of the door, patting Tony on the back and muttering quick well-wishes for Steve. Tony didn’t even wait for them to leave before he hurtled inside, cradling Steve’s hand in his own.
“I’ve still gotta get my hair done,” Tony murmured, and Steve nodded, although he didn’t agree — Tony’s hair looked absolutely perfect.
“So we didn’t technically lose, then.'' Steve smiled, wrapping an arm around Tony’s waist. “We… won together.”
“I didn’t—”
“We’re here for
Without warning, the Iron Man gauntlet flew to Tony from behind Steve. It wrapped itself around Tony’s hand in a matter of seconds, and Tony aimed it directly at Clint, who squealed and rushed into a vent. That didn’t stop Tony, who aimed small repulsor blasts at the ceiling until they heard another shrill squeal, meaning Tony had finally found his mark.
Nick and Mary took a mouthful of Wanda’s pie at the same time, and spat it out almost immediately afterwards.
“Everybody out!” he yelled, turning the lights on and pulling open the door. “Cap and Tony are about to start fucking and I don’t wanna be here for that.”
Tony… in front of an assorted group of Avengers, in front of the British hosts, in front of
right then, his eyes half-closed and the sun’s rays spilling onto his face. He looked every inch like a Renaissance painting, and really, Steve couldn’t be blamed for what he did next.
Less than 24 hours later, Steve was seriously considering applying to be the first person who’d died after having a ‘few days of rest’, but he probably wouldn’t qualify given how little rest he was actually resting. And all of this was Tony’s fault.
“Oh,” was all he said as he and Tony pulled away from each other. He raised a hand to his lips, which still seemed to be tingling. “Oh.”
“Okay,” he sighed, lying back in bed. “Okay. It’s just a few more days right?”
“Okay, that’s it!” yelled Peter after fifteen agonizing minutes of sharing a table in perfect silence. “You guys dragged me out here because you said we needed to reconnect as a family! You said you were trying to be a better couple! What was the fucking point of bringing me here when you two clearly aren’t even going to talk to each other?!”
This was what came from accepting advice from sketchy websites, thought Steve morosely. He fiddled with the neck of his flute as he watched the party, his eyes locked on Tony. Tony, who was moving with such a perfect, effortless grace that Steve both admired and envied. Tony, who had beautiful people of both sexes clutching onto him, hanging off his every word. With that kind of selection, how could he ever see Steve as someone he’d want, ever?
Queens
Steve set his leftover cheesecake batter to a side and started prepping the ingredients for his toppings. He glanced round himself once more, noting idly that there was almost an hour left. None of his competitors had even come close to putting their brownies in the oven, and Steve’s confidence shot up. They had time, of course, but that just meant Steve had a few extra minutes to focus on getting his toppings perfect.
Tony was never around to supervise cleanup after the Avengers’ battles. The minute the last enemy was killed, that peace was restored and people were able to come safely outside, Tony turned on his thrusters and was on his way back to Stark Tower.
“Tony, have you seen my hat?”
“You said to make something that represents us,” said Wanda sadly. “My mama always made paprikash pie when I was small. It reminds me of her.”
think to tell me there was a
It was just… they didn’t understand. How could they? They were in happy, committed relationships, with happy, committed significant others. They could sympathize with him, give him a shoulder to cry on, maybe, but they could never understand.
“Not me!” Peter squeaked out. “I… um, need to prepare my answers.”
“In a normal competition,” Mary started, “This pie would be one of the bottom three, at least. Your filling is too runny and too sweet, and your dough is too thick for it to taste good.” She shook her head, and took another bite. “Still, you’ve served us with a complete and edible pie, so you’re already better than most of your teammates.”
“Is that not what you were looking for?” asked Thor, confused. “They are meant to be “brown”, are they not, as is in the name?”
Similar to last week, Thor seemed to be in a complete muddle. Although he’d sped up this time, he was throwing ingredients together randomly, with no sense of order, and Steve could tell it wasn’t going to go well for him.
“You are such an oblivious
As if he’d heard Steve’s thoughts, Tony turned to face Steve, still smiling. “I can, and I mean this very literally,
And Steve, well, he’d never heard a better idea in his life.
“I can’t wait to taste it,” Mary said excitedly, quickly biting off a large mouthful. Steve barely had time to resign himself to the fact that Tony would lose, when Mary gagged, spitting Clint’s brownie into her handkerchief.
” growled Fury
“That’s a fuckin’
“I will,” said Tony, his eyes shining as he slipped an arm through Steve’s and led him to the sign-up table. “Or, actually, maybe I’ll sign up for Homecoming
“I thought
This time, it was Tony who pulled Steve in for a kiss. “Fuck,” he panted, right into Steve’s open mouth. “I’ve wanted… but I thought… I’m too old for you, Steve.”
… you
“Morning, Cap,” said Clint, pouring himself a cup of coffee. “If you wanted coffee, I’m sorry, but you’re gonna have to drink Bruce’s tea for a change. We’ve run out, and JARVIS says he can’t get any deliveries til the blizzard’s blown out.”
it,” Tony mumbled, but Dr. Cho silenced him.
“I’m still not taking the risk,” said Steve shortly. He carried the kitten and let him rest on his shoulder. “I’ll tell him about this when he starts talking to me again. Don’t see why I’ve got to be the bigger person all the time.”
Tony grinned, his eyes twinkling, reflecting the fairy lights outside the marquee.
“Come on, we were doing so well, Steve. That was terrible.” Steve laughed, pulling Tony into another kiss, feeling that giddy rush of happiness he only ever felt around Tony.
“It was a
“I can’t stay in bed with you if you’re not there,” Steve pointed out, giving Tony another fond kiss when he rolled his eyes. “C’mon, honey, you told me you’d go to bed two hours ago.”
They spent the rest of the day that way, alone in a quiet corner of the park under the shade of the big tree where they’d first met. It was a wonderful spring day, one that could almost have come out of a book. After they’d eaten the sandwiches Steve had made them — he’d even remembered the extra mayo for Tony — Tony rested his head on Steve’s thigh, lazy and lethargic and content as Steve sketched a picture of the green park. Even Tony, who was nowhere near artistically inclined, agreed that the picture of the sun shining through the trees, broken up by the leaves and falling to the ground in scattered rays, was a beautiful image. It almost looked like a stock picture with how perfect it was.
“Steve, open the fuck up.”
“I made it worse, didn’t I?” Peter buried his head in his hands. “If you hadn’t adopted me, you wouldn’t have any money troubles, and you’d be happily married right now.”
“I was pretty sure I was going to burn my brownies so I made an extra batch,” Tony confessed. “They’re in the oven right now, but if I pull one of ‘em out in a couple of minutes, you can still add the cheesecake on top.”
Tony huffed, mock-offended. “Well, I wasn’t planning on breaking up with you anytime soon, so yeah, I guess so.”
,” he hissed, scrambling to get up; he could already see the tourists walking by laughing at them, and some had actually stopped, no doubt wondering why the two grown adult men sprawled on the ground looked so familiar.
“So I’m guessing that means I’m not doing good?”
The rest of the team looked at each other, wincing.
“That was quick,” Steve commented, wrapping an arm around Tony’s waist as they sat down, ready to hear the winners. “I can’t wait to see what stupid shit Ty says up there.”
to anger management classes when you’re right here destroying private property whenever you feel even the slightest bit—”
“How do you just… lose the serum?” Tony thundered, storming up and down the medical bay. The doctors had left after several hours of running tests and experiments, and they would take a while to return with the results. “What the fuck is Loki up to?”
Steve held his breath, trying to hold his hands steady so he wouldn’t spill any of the popcorn. He’d started out making just a little bit, enough for him and Tony to share, but then he remembered exactly how much of a popcorn hog Tony really was, and he’d kept adding more and more kernels to the pot until he pretty much had a factory’s worth of popcorn.
“We need to get Peter a special something,” said Tony, nuzzling into Steve’s side. “Without him, we’d never have got together.” He turned to watch the lake, and threw a few pieces of bread that Steve brought along, for the pleasure of watching the ducks squabble. He leaned his head into the crook of Steve’s neck and sighed happily.
you when you yell at each other all night. I know
,” growled Steve, stalking over to the bed. He grabbed the collar of Tony’s shirt and pulled him in for a kiss.
the head of Steve's cock pressed against Tony's entrance, and then,
"I'm just getting something to clean us up with." he promised, leaning down to kiss Tony's forehead affectionately. He never expected Tony to be like this, so vulnerable, needy. It was exactly the way Steve want it to be. He wanted to take care of Tony, but wasn't sure the other would actually let him. The fact that Tony was scared of Steve leaving though told Steve more than he was willing to admit yet. His own role in this whole thing, he didn't want to admit it to himself yet either. Because no, Tony wasn't just a warm body. Tony was so beautiful, so good, he was a light in Steve's dull life. The fear of the next morning was suffocating, but Steve didn't dare to let himself hope.
"Sorry, sorry," he muttered, not sorry at all. Tony laughed, turning into a long moan halfway through. Steve's knee lifted, pressing a strong and sturdy thigh against Tony's clothed groin. The pressure and friction was
That's when a flip switched inside of him. His hands tightened on Tony's hips and with a quick motion, Steve flipped them around so he was laying on top of Tony. He kissed him fervently, like a man starving. "Fuck, that was hot." Tony groaned as they parted for some air. They didn't stay separated for any longer though, sucking each other's tongue into their mouth in a dance of dominance. Eventually Tony went pliant, letting Steve take what he needed.
He looked… like hell. His blonde hair was skewed in every direction, his skin a shade paler than it usually is, and his eyes… he could give a raccoon a run for its money, that's for sure. But the worst part about it was the fragility evident in his gaze.
"I don't have a condom, but I can't catch anything or car-"
"How do you know I'm not going to tell Ross that I know where you are?"
"Take a breath Tony." Steve interrupted his teammate with a tired chuckle, pointing to the side closer to the door. "I'll take that side." Steve just wanted to get Tony out of his misery.
"Dad, come say good night." a young voice suddenly called from the stairs. Looking up, Steve saw Clint's son tapping down the stairs with a plush bear held tightly in his little arms. Clint let out a fond chuckle, before getting up, clapping Steve's shoulder and walking towards his child.
Silence.
𝘛𝘩𝘦 𝘸𝘢𝘳 𝘪𝘴 𝘰𝘷𝘦𝘳 𝘚𝘵𝘦𝘷𝘦, 𝘸𝘦 𝘤𝘢𝘯 𝘨𝘰 𝘩𝘰𝘮𝘦. 𝘐𝘮𝘢𝘨𝘪𝘯𝘦 𝘪𝘵.
"O-oh!" The warmth in his groin turned a distinctly overwhelming note. He grunted, beginning to rub off against his perfect abs, squirming in his hold. He could already feel himself leak through his boxers. God, it's been too long. Another bolt of heat shot through him as Steve looked up at him through his lashes, his perfect mouth brushing against his chest. He looked completely innocent, yet debauched— hair a complete mess, eyes blown, a flush on his skin.
"Good," he whispered, before he slicked up his cock with the saliva. He then wiped the rest on Tony's rim. The genius quaked at the touch, his grip on Steve's shoulders bruising.
"Come." Steve stroked his cock faster, and faster, until he felt like he was about to combust from pleasure, and then—
"You didn't trust me with Barnes either," Tony bit out, and Steve's face blanked, something akin to self-hatred flashing in his eyes.
"You needed that for so long, didn't you Steve? Someone to take care of, someone to hold." Tony whispered into Steve's ear, kissing all over his face, until their lips met in another fierce play of tongues. And really, Tony was right. For so long Steve was just alone, all by himself. All he wanted was to hold someone, to make someone else feel good, to care for someone who wanted to be with him. Steve wanted all of that, and so much more. After all this time Tony was the first and the only person who gave that to him. He trusted Steve with taking care of him, trusted him with his most vulnerable side.
"Is this what you want, Stark?" Steve asked, dully, "This—" he struggled for a moment, searching for the right word, "This apathy?"
"Lube? Why'd you have lube on you?" Steve asked teasingly, throwing it onto the mattress beside Tony's hip.
But he couldn't, he was stuck in place against the door, and that made the heat in his abdomen only intensify.
"Yeah."
Nothing but this warmth.
"It'll hurt—"
"Alright." Steve answered coolly, turning his face away from Tony. This time he wouldn't have been able to hold his emotions back.
Then finally, oh
There was a beat of silence, as the air grew increasingly charged. Tony couldn't tell exactly what it was, but it was new. Different. Tinged with the ache and the betrayal, but that wasn't the entirety. It was more… pure, less tainted with darkness and more with a hope of the future.
"Hey Cap, are you ok? You're awfully quiet over there." Clint called over from the kitchen where he was currently preparing PB and J sandwiches. Steve looked up from the carpet, straightening his back in the armchair he was sitting in and trying to come back to the present. It would only hurt to think of the future he couldn't have for too long.
Tony breathed, "I need it, please."
Steve's eyes were wide with horror, pallor white like paper.
Should he say something? About last night? Would Tony say anything?
"Fuck, Tony," he murmured. His hand came up, tilting Tony's face away from his neck. It left a wet smear, and Tony's licked his lips, panting from it all. Then, he cupped his hand just beneath his kiss-bruised mouth, "Spit."
"I'm pretty sure that's not a word."
𝘊𝘢𝘱𝘵𝘢𝘪𝘯 𝘈𝘮𝘦𝘳𝘪𝘤𝘢, 𝘱𝘳𝘦𝘵𝘦𝘯𝘥𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘺𝘰𝘶 𝘤𝘰𝘶𝘭𝘥 𝘭𝘪𝘧𝘦 𝘸𝘪𝘵𝘩𝘰𝘶𝘵 𝘸𝘢𝘳.
"Off, off." Steve mumbled drowsily into another kiss, his hand sliding underneath Tony's shirt, rucking it up. A moment later the cottony shirt was gone, laying somewhere around the floor. Tony's skin was soft underneath Steve's palms. He ran his thumbs over Tony's pert nippels, receiving another one of those beautiful moans. "Your turn handsome." Tony gasped into Steve's mouth, tugging on the hem of his shirt. Not wanting to waste any more time, Steve threw the offending piece of clothing onto the floor as well. "Holy shit. I've been blessed today." Tony mumbled to himself, running his hands along Steve's abs with admiration in his eyes.
He steeled himself, and walked up to the door, the taps of expensive dress shoes against the concrete barely audible over the pounding of his own heart. Then, he knocked. And waited.
"I miss you," Steve said, voice small. Tony gulped. The old you went unsaid.
It wasn't even a lie. He couldn't handle anything more than that.
Steve always thought he'd end up living in a large farmhouse, similar to the one he was currently in, a white fence surrounding the property, two kids running around the yard with a dog on their side. Steve would watch them from the window, helping his beautiful wife cleaning the rest of the dishes, but interrupting their work to kiss her. It seemed like a dream come true, like happiness at its purest form.
"No!" Tony burst out immediately, letting out a groan. "Can you stop being all goody-two-shoe's for one damn time." he added, basically throwing himself on the bed.
The air between then changed when Tony's eyes shortly looked down to Steve's lips, the blond doing the same. Then Tony was leaning in. Steve wasn't sure what to do, how to handle that, but before he could decide Tony's soft lips were on his and…
The washcloth soon landed on the floor as well and Steve slid back under the covers, not bothering with any clothes. Tony almost immediately cuddled up to Steve, resting his head on Steve's chest and putting an arm around his waist. Steve held him, basking in the proximity. "Don't go, ok." Tony whispered, making goosebumps spread all over Steve's skin.
"You gettin' sassy on me now, Rogers?" Tony shot back, but was quickly shut up when Steve finally pushed his finger past the ring of muscle.
"Pull out," he murmured, voice heavy. Steve seemed to notice the tone, and his face shuttered.
"Fuck me Steve, please." Tony interrupted Steve and the Captain gasped once more. He was going to be inside of Tony with nothing separating them. Not even a condom.
"Oh fuck, I'm gonna—"
A short, breathless chuckle could be heard from Steve, but Tony didn't seem to mind. He kept on talking and talking about how beautiful Steve's body was, how he could crush a melon with those pecs, how Tony was going to devour him. Steve was especially fond of that last part.
If any of their team members saw Tony's marks, if any of them felt the tension between the two, or if any of them noticed Steve's red rimmed eyes, then they did a good job at pretending they didn't.
Steve's jaw tensed, and then the wet fingers slid down, and trailed down Tony's crack. A small gasp escaped the inventor when he began to trace his entrance, and then pressed a fingertip inside. Tony tensed, clenching down on the finger like he didn't know what to do with it, but he wasn't given a choice— Steve's finger continued sliding in, and Tony couldn't help but let out a broken moan.
"I don't give a damn. Fuck me." He needed to feel more than this pervasive numbness.
, like it was it's home.
"Yeah," Tony croaked, "I do."
"Fuck. Me," Tony enunciated, "I want it inside of me— you know you want to. You've…
Tony said tightly, clenching down tight, his body trying to fight against the intrusion, but to no avail. It just kept pushing and pushing. He breathed out shortly and forced his body to relax. Soon enough, the sharp burning sensation turned molten— a perfect contrast to the sensation of the new mark Steve was biting into his neck. The guttural groan the soldier muffled into his skin made Tony tremble.
Steve didn't say anything, and it made Tony irrationally angry. Why was he letting Tony go, just like that? Especially after what happened, didn't he want to extract some sort of vow that he won't blab to Ross? Or worse, arrest him himself and bring him into the raft, never seen again?
“I don’t wanna hurt you, I’m not exactly small you know."
A groan, "For fucks sake, Tony—"
His mind went blank. He was conscious enough to kiss back, wrap his arms around Tony's waist and let all those feelings wash over him. He gasped when Tony's hand started playing with Steve's hair and Tony immediately took the opportunity to slide his tongue inside of Steve's mouth. It was perfect in every way possible. Their lips were moving just the right way, finding a rhythm with each other.
. We’ve worked together for years ... I don’t think I’m alone in feeling like this was inevitable. No matter who you were inside that suit.”
“I’m here,” Steve said tersely. “What’s this about?”
A week after the services were finally over, and Tony had finally found a moment of peace and quiet, he pushed open the door to his father's study and spent a moment in the doorway, just staring. It still smelled like the old man, the liquor he favored and the cigarettes he'd smoked against all caution from his doctors that it wasn't good for his heart.
Picking up Falcon and Hawkeye was easy. Thor, Hulk, and Black Widow took the bait just as Tony expected, too. Everything about the plan was going seamlessly, even with Hyperion’s appearance.
"I'm not interested in Grim Reaper and Crossbones," Steve said, nodding to their reflections. "Just Steve and Tony."
Tony shook with a barely audible laugh. "Nope, but call me curious to see what you can do in a bed."
“No problem. Talk to you later.”
“It’s not that I think that,” Steve said. “But Hulk’s file wasn’t the only one that needed updating.”
"Steve Rogers," Steve said honestly.
"Hi there," Steve greeted the robot.
"This is May," she said, lifting her hand to activate the comm in her ear as she scanned her surroundings, eyes lighting on Steve and Tony. "Scene is secure, but we need a med evac. Librarian's down."
curious as to the whereabouts of Tony Stark. He looked at the local newspaper while waiting for a mechanic to service the car, circled a few things he felt he might be qualified for - enjoying the novelty of a normal person's job - and decided this little town wouldn't be a bad place to get lost in for a while.
Tony winces, pushing himself up to sit. "But we won?"
"I've seen the records," Barton said. "I know Howard Stark used to go out looking for Cap. Stark's dad was a founding member of SHIELD, you think he's not gonna know?"
Steve gives a small, crooked smile. "That's alright. I'm not looking for any."
"And she's hot," Tony concluded, turning away from the window. "How weird is that?"
“It looks like the thing in Iron Man’s armor,” he said.
"C'mon," Tony said. "You've got super strength and enhanced stamina and superior balance, and - wait. Why
“As far as I know,” Tony said, “Black Widow steals from rich people, fences the goods, and donates the dirty money to charity. Hawkeye steals for himself, Falcon hacks into government systems and exposes corruption, and Thor, uh ... avenges crimes against the environment?”
"A fitting end, don't you think, Commander?" Zemo wonders quietly.
Dr. Banner administers the cure, which they take to calling the Infinity Formula thanks to the markings on the label, and then there is nothing left to do but wait.
thinking about it."
Captain America shook his head. "Looks like the Krampus," he said.
"I'm going to check on the team while I'm up," Steve says. "Let me know if you make any breakthroughs."
Tony spent just long enough staring up at him that Steve was beginning to squirm, before Tony finally said, "I'm sorry, I'm still trying to wrap my head around the fact I'm in Captain America's bed. With Captain America."
Tony thought nothing could top the blowjob Steve gave him earlier, but watching Steve bring himself off was somehow just as good, if not slightly better, and Tony watched with fascination as Steve finally came, lips parted and crying out softly.
"For about the last ten," Tony said. "It's just a way for us all to unwind, you know? Christmas is a stressful time of year, whatever you do for a living. A lot of the older teachers have kids coming home for Christmas, so this gives them a little break."
>You're up early. Big plans for today?
Tony tugs his hands back, sighing his exasperation. “Would you like me to put on the Iron Man to open it?”
"Yeah. Well," Steve corrected. "Friend. She's really more like my sister. When she found out I was moving out here, she applied to the area, too. She's actually starting as the new guidance counselor next semester."
"I ... um, thank you."
Agent Barton had an expression on his face like he'd just sucked on a lemon. Steve figured it was because he hadn't been pinpointed for inclusion in any part of the mission, yet.
“Is Iron Man looking for a partner?”
Tony paused, and for the first time since Steve met him, he looked a little self-conscious.
"Are you sure we can't come up with some non-bruise-aggravating way to have sex?" Tony asked, a little plaintively, as he looked up at Steve.
"So," Barton said when he ducked inside after Coulson. "Why is Rogers being sent on this assignment instead of me?"
The Captain seemed to place his focus on foiling petty crime on the street level, and he had never, to date, been spotted outside of Brooklyn. An unsanctioned, homegrown hero, then - one interested in protecting his own neighborhood and keeping his head down, which explained why so far the Squadron had chosen to leave him alone. Maybe they knew who he was, and he had simply declined the invitation to join up.
Tony pushed away the remnants of his lunch and stood up. Steve didn't even ask for further encouragement before surging forward and grabbing Tony by the lapels of his jacket. He was careful not to ruin the fabric in his grip, and instead spent a moment running his thumb over the stitching, appreciating the way the fine Italian wool hugged Tony's body.
“No,” Steve said. “The Captain and Mr. Stark, Captain America and Iron Man ... Steve and Tony ... I think no matter the reality, you’re just stuck with me.”
As part of his ongoing effort to be his own alibi, Tony was doing a little casual terrorizing of the research and development department in a Stark Industries satellite office, when something metal ricocheted off the laboratory walls and clanged directly into his helmet.
A few inches to the left, and he would have felt the evidence that Tony wasn’t entirely flesh and blood under his shirt.
How literal had her earlier excuse been, again?
Tony raised his eyebrows. "It's a Tesla," he said. "Only decent looking electric car on the market right now, not that this one is technically
When Tony at last slid his fingers free, Steve groaned protest for the loss of contact, only for that sound to turn satisfied when the blunt pressure of Tony’s cock replaced it. Tony went slowly, so slowly, that Steve was gasping and trying not to tense up by the time he finally felt Tony’s hips flush against him.
Natasha nodded. "But Stark named his application JARVIS, so that clearly suggests he knows who he is."
"It's a deal," Steve said.
Steve excused himself from the general assembly to stash the gifts in the car, and to generally give himself a breather. In spite of the noise of the party a short distance away, it was eerily quiet outside. Steve glanced up at the sky, and could see stars for the first time he remembered since waking up. He had considered taking a road trip before, getting to see more of the country he only briefly glimpsed while on his war bonds tour, but the timing hadn't been right. For all his misgivings in being here, though, the area didn't seem bad. The people were friendly, and it felt like a subtle enough place to get lost.
"Yeah."
"Hi," Tony answers, returning the smile with one of his own. He steps aside and gestures Steve to enter. "Come in."
Steve laughed softly, a little unused to having this conversation with people who, well, didn't already
Steve looks doubtfully at the door again. "What about your comrades?"
It was also time for Steve to accept and acknowledge, if only to himself, that this was definitely a
“You don’t look surprised to see me.”
"Sure."
Tony gets to his feet, Steve right behind him, and reaches the lab table in enough time to stop his doppelganger from heaving himself right onto the floor.
"Tony," Steve said. "This is my colleague, Agent Romanoff."
Tony waves offhandedly with his free arm. "I had to convince her I was the real deal, or else she would've thrown me into prison and let me rot there."
"Necessity," Tony says, "is the mother of invention."
Steve offered a smile. "Yeah, I think I can do that."
"I am," Steve says.
"Steve tells me you like action movies," she said.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Don’t be coy.”
All the news outlets immediately launched into speculation of whether Tony Stark, seventeen year old, spoiled rotten genius, was going to prove capable of running the massive Stark Industries empire. Stock prices fluctuated while rumors flew that Tony had been high in that picture from the emergency room, when his parents had yet to even be put in the ground.
Steve makes use of the shower - which spits out alternatingly freezing cold and lukewarm water - eager to at least wash off the dirt of travel and evidence of the night before. He considers his reflection and decides not to shave, in a half-hearted attempt at a disguise. After getting dressed, Steve shoves his things back into his duffel bag and leaves the apartment.
Now that Steve knew the arc reactor was there, he always made a point to get a hand under Tony’s shirt and touch it, even when the rest of their clothes didn’t come off. It was oddly reassuring, which Tony was sure was Steve’s intention - not that he had a lot of energy to think about it at the moment, as Steve slid inside him.
Another rocket whistled overhead; the sound of it exploding into colorful sparks muffled what was, in fact, a very real gunshot.
"Nah," said Tony. "But the Captain America sheets might be a problem."
"My family is originally from there."
Tony braces himself, but still isn't quite prepared for it when Steve bursts into tears. He is quiet at first, tears tracking down his cheeks, and Tony shuffles closer to wind his arms around Steve.
Natasha shrugged. "Obadiah Stane is a billionaire thanks to Tony Stark's absence. You'd be surprised, the lengths people will go to in order to keep their money."
"I did." Peggy looks sorry, but Steve doubts the sincerity of it. He doubts a great many things right about now.
Bucky, much like his best friend, was a fan of
, if I want to keep my other job."
Steve didn’t seem disappointed by the answer, at least. He just asked, “What’s the real story behind you and Iron Man?”
“Fuck,” Tony gasped.
"Over the villain role-play already?" he asked.
"But you're more likely to find him in Lowtown, at the Princess Bar." Namor pauses, snorting at Steve's questioning look. "If Stark has spent a day sober since setting foot in Madripoor, I'd be surprised. You should be prepared to drag him out of some gutter, Rogers."
"Actually," Steve says. "I don't really drink, so maybe we could skip to the armor?"
"Oh, Anthony." Jarvis stood up and held out his arms, and didn't convey any judgment as Tony fell into the offered embrace and freely accepted the shoulder to cry on.
"You're
"I like it," Steve said, getting under the covers with Tony. "I'm just not sure I buy it."
Steve paused in the doorway, grinning back at Tony. “And thank God for that.”
"I don't think so," Steve says, glancing around for anything else he might be able to use to his advantage. His holster is hanging on the bedpost, but there's no way he'll reach it and the ammunition in it without exposing himself long enough for them to get a bead on him.
"Actually, I was going to say that he's just used to ordering everyone around," Steve finishes.
Steve clenches his fists at his sides and reminds himself, with a slow and deep breath, that he is here to help Tony, no matter how infuriating the man insists on making himself. He knows Tony's tricks, his strategy, the way that he immediately goes on the offensive, trying to push people away before they have the chance to simply leave.
"I can imagine I'm going to hear an earful from him," Tony groans, but he looks inordinately pleased by the idea of getting to see his old friends again.
“Look,” Clint said. “I’m just as pissed as anyone that Stark lied to us, okay?”
Tony's alarm went off at five o'clock in the morning, to the sort of unrelenting tone he could have only chosen in a fit of madness. "
"Now," Tony said. "Do I still get that cuddle?"
"Are you having another party?" Steve wondered.
, because he had no reason to believe otherwise. It was faith, and trust, even if they didn’t actually know each other well enough for Tony to know Steve’s last name.
They all sat down to a raucous breakfast some time later, and Steve didn't even try to bring order to the chaos like usual. In fact, he caused a little trouble himself when he found the wrong pair of feet under the table.
There was a lot that Steve wanted to say, but he knew it would all need to come after several hours of sleep.
Steve pulled his car into the driveway and idled for a few moments, waiting for the garage door to close again. He was grateful to have parked inside; it looked like even more fresh snow had fallen while they were having their movie marathon. The street in front of Tony's house was understandably quiet at this time of night - it was past 3 am - though Steve noticed a car parked along the curb as he pulled out of Tony's driveway. The dark sedan was conspicuous because of the tell-tale exhaust visible in the cold air, and as he drove by, Steve saw someone sitting in the driver's seat. Someone who seemed to duck down when Steve passed.
"I'll let you go because I trust you," she says reluctantly. "Please don't make me regret this."
Steve paused to allow a moment of surprise. "His deep cover assignment's over?"
Tony went through everything, from faking his own death to having Iron Man turn over a new leaf, publicly, in his resentment of Tony’s public persona, and none of it produced the desired result, the likelihood of success for any of the more far-flung ideas ranging from one to eight percent.
"I think ..." Steve hesitated. It wasn't the meaning of his statement he was having trouble with, just the matter of phrasing it in a modern way. "I think he was checking me out."
hadn't been the one to pioneer it. Or that his son hadn't.
Steve laughed, looking inordinately pleased with himself - and more than a bit smug. He glanced at his watch. "I think you're
It was still relatively early evening, but Steve was uncharacteristically exhausted. He made it no further than removing the top layer of his armor shirt and his boots before sinking down to the edge of his bed to stare out the window at the view of the city beyond.
“Seriously?” Clint demanded, looking around.
Steve was in the middle of checking the weather forecast for the next few days - snow, snow, and more snow - when his phone pinged with a text message. It seemed to be a mass message, with a reminder for the party. Given it involved the attendance of middle schoolers, the party started at a modest 6 p.m. Steve had already gotten a text from Tony the night before with the address, but found himself a little surprised to be included in the reminder, as if there might be actual investment in his attending.
"Yup." Steve took his time hanging up his coat and scarf on the hooks by the door. "Can I get you anything?"
(a company which falls under the same umbrella as the magazine) and
Tony seemed to think that Steve was concentrating too hard on something that wasn’t Tony’s mouth on him, because Tony’s efforts redoubled, his cheeks hollowing as he slipped further down Steve’s length and sucked harder. It worked; Steve’s attention reoriented fully on Tony. He settled his free hand on Tony’s shoulder, caressed the edge of Tony’s jaw with his thumb. Tony had a light dusting of stubble that made his beard look a little less perfect than usual, and Steve had a fleeting thought about how Tony must have been well and truly tired to be this cavalier about his appearance, and here he was with his knees on the hard tile, and Steve really should probably do something about that, no matter how amazing Tony’s mouth felt, or what magical things Tony’s tongue was doing.
"You're so thoughtful," Tony says, accepting the clothes. He sets them on the foot of the lab table for later, and turns to offer Steve a kiss. "He's coming out of it into a normal sleep, but I think we have time for dinner before he wakes up."
All the rifle-wielding soldiers begin to fire, and Tony presses forward, trying to get out of the covered causeway before he finds himself stuck there. He fires off his own guns and watches three of the group drop, but the one with the bazooka is gearing up to fire.
The man who had flown through the glass slumped across the snowy ground, and began to groggily shake his head as he looked around. The gun he had probably been holding before he landed was lying a few feet away, and he started moving toward it with a groan of pain.
"Please," Tony says. "I might have left the States, but I've still got eyes and ears there, Captain. Or should I say 'Commander,' now? Tell me,
"Mm, morning," Steve says. He glances over his shoulder and smiles when he sees Anthony, and he makes a point of tugging him down for a kiss, too.
After dinner, they sat around and drank more, and exchanged some stories of past Christmases. Steve told them of holidays during the Depression, and how Bucky had once saved up money from odd jobs to get Steve - who'd been sick in bed nearly the entirety of winter - some art supplies. Clint had a story about a holiday spent on an op in the middle of nowhere, and how tonight's dinner definitely beat canned beans. Natasha told them about the SHIELD Christmas party Clint missed that year while on his op, where Fury and Hill had gotten rip-roaringly drunk and sung a duet of "Baby, It's Cold Outside" (and refused to acknowledge it the next day, to the point of banning everyone else from mentioning it).
"Hey," Tony says gently. He kneels down on the deck in front of Steve, ignoring the protests of his ankle and his bruised ribs.
of people shooting at me at once and I never actually got shot."
Steve opens his mouth to respond, but Namor raises a hand to stop him.
They reached Steve’s bedroom first, and he led the way inside, closing the door before he tried to respond, or derail this potentially dangerous train of thought for Tony. They already talked about this, and Steve didn’t want to see Tony blaming himself any more for what happened. “And we came out on the other side,” he said.
“The House of Wittelsbach are no friends of Hitler,” Natasha said. “They fled to Hungary some years ago, and, if all this is true, were forced to leave behind the obligation they inherited from Ludwig. My sources suggest this music box holds the key.”
When Tony doesn't respond, Steve turns away, a red blush creeping up his neck and spreading over his cheeks.
Tony ran his fingers along the edge of the desk, but he couldn't bring himself to sit in the big chair behind it, instead sinking into one of the smaller ones across from it. He hunched forward with his elbows on his knees and dropped his head into his hands. For a moment, he regretted the decision to try to find some time for himself; being alone with his own thoughts was stifling.
"You think so?"
Steve smiles shyly back, and flounders with a hint of embarrassment as he realizes he's still holding Stark's hand. He lets go abruptly and clears his throat. "Sorry, sir."
The gleam of sunlight on brightly polished metal was the last Steve saw of Iron Man before Steve found himself rolling to a stop on the snowy ground. He was back on his feet in a second and charging into the actually quite meager ranks of enemy guards.
"And no one questioned your decision to keep teaching?" Steve wondered.
"How do you do it?" Steve asked, feeling rude but having it outweighed by his curiosity. "Get to know so many people who won't be a part of your life once the mission is done?"
, that lent the word all the meaning it needed for Steve to understand that Tony was talking about the first time they were involved with each other. Back then, their affair really had been frantic and secret, and it dissolved as easily as the team had, when the Avengers disbanded. The months they spent apart after that had been some of the longest of Steve’s life. He was the one who hadn’t wasted any time rekindling things when they got back together.
Steve hooked his elbows under Tony's knees to draw his legs up further, and set a steady pace, his hips pounding rhythmically against Tony's ass. Tony lost coherency aside from encouraging words and the occasional demand for more or harder, until he had to reach up and brace his hands against the headboard to keep himself from sliding up against it from the increasingly faster pace of Steve's thrusts. It was harder than Steve had intended when they first came to bed, but he knew he had taken his time and been far gentler than Tony might have wanted, so he was content to let them both get lost in each other for a time.
The way Anthony stares up at the other Steve just ... twists something in Tony's chest. Anthony has his hand pressed against the glass, a longing expression on his face that Tony imagines he wouldn't be wearing if he knew he was being watched.
sense.
"Be sure to keep in touch," Tony says. "You have the specifications to contact us."
“Tony.”
Tony slid his hands into Steve's hair, and tried not to feel guilty for the fact that he was just lying back and letting Steve do all the work. It was hard to hang on to any kind of negative feelings when Steve's tongue was doing such amazing things, at any rate. Tony thought he might be on the verge of forgetting his own name once Steve began to bob his head in a steady, unrelenting pace, and thoughts were gone entirely after slipped his hand down between Tony's legs and palmed at his balls.
"It's the counterpart to St. Nicholas," Steve said. "Instead of Santa deciding who's naughty and who's nice, St. Nicholas delivers gifts to the nice children and the Krampus punishes naughty ones."
"YOU EXCEEDED THE SPENDING LIMIT," the Krampus answered, in its booming, determined -- and up close, obviously computerized -- voice.
“A gift from Captain Namor,” Jim says. He steps back, brushing dust from his hands. “
“About that,” Tony said, with a hint of chagrin. “I can’t go home again - my place is swarming with SHIELD agents. Hyperion took off my faceplate. The funny thing is, he already seemed to know I’d be Tony Stark under there.”
have fun - and explaining that he was borrowing the garage door opener, but Tony knew how to find him to get it back later.
The weight of the rubble is enough to buckle parts of the armor, and by the time Tony comes out of his momentary daze, he can feel one of the leg plates tightened uncomfortably around his thigh, and the joint of an arm stiffened with damage. The onboard system of the armor, which usually controls things like navigation and targeting, has gone out entirely.
"So," Tony said.
"The Krampus?" Steve asked.
that Iron Man is your hero?” he asked, a teasing demand.
Steve put his phone away, and leaned back in the chair.
Tony grins, relief sweeping through him as the tension he didn't know he was feeling ebbs. "Yeah? Want to do it again?"
"Jarvis," Tony said softly.
Anthony pauses for another moment, then he laughs, sounding more like Tony than he has at any instance since his arrival. "If there's one thing I'm pretty sure Tony and I have in common," he says, stepping through the door, "it's that neither of us would pass up the opportunity to sleep with ourselves." He pauses, looking at Steve. "Especially with you in the middle."
"A damn shame. You mean you never tried it, either?" Tony wonders, as he steers them down a long corridor toward his workshop.
"So how long has it been since they finally found you?" Tony asked.
"You just barged in here and started shooting," Steve says. "Forgive me if I don't take your word for it!"
, idiot," Natasha said, giving him a shove toward the car. "Before I change my mind."
Steve sits down, but doesn't reach for the cup of tea she pours for him. "Peggy ..."
"You know what," he decided. "I'm gonna leave that one alone."
Dum-E made a whirring sound in response. Steve laughed, and tentatively patted the robot the way that Tony had just a moment ago. The whirring took on a tone that seemed almost ... pleased?
Somehow, they manage to make it out of bed by late morning, where Tony finds several missed calls from Reed. He tries not to look too guilty when he calls back, even if Anthony snickeringly teases from the background that Reed is too dense to notice that Tony
Steve looked up at Tony. "Good morning. You're up early."
"I wouldn't put it outside the realm of possibility," said Natasha. "Agent May is looking into it. Until then, we're to keep doing our jobs, but whatever you have going on with Stark, you might want to push it. See if you can accelerate the timeline."
“I have nothing to hide.”
“I know the story,” Steve said. “Of St. George, slaying the dragon with Ascalon.”
) to give them room, while Tony settled onto his elbows, rife with anticipation.
Sternberg's eyes go wide and frightened, his glasses knocked askew in the fall. "My research - I must get to my lab -"
“It’s ... beautiful,” Steve said. “May I?”
"You and Cap have gotten awfully cozy," Clint said. He made it sound like a complaint. It probably was.
Steve paused, hesitating.
Agent Melinda May stepped through the frame that was all that was left of the broken door. She stepped over to the man she'd undoubtedly sent through that door, and kicked the pistol away from his searching hand. Another well-placed kick sent the man into unconsciousness.
Namor walks off, and Steve looks down into the water, trying not to feel as disappointed as he does. Tony always did rely a little too heavily on alcohol to numb his pain, to forget the stresses of the war and his own bad heart. Steve had tried to do what he could to help, but it never seemed like enough, which had been especially hard on Steve after growing up with an alcoholic father.
"'Night." Tony closes the door behind him, but doesn't bother locking it. A lock won't hold even another universe's Tony Stark, and the tower's security system will alert Tony if Anthony goes snooping, at any rate.
"No reason why we can't get clean before we get carried away."
"Think he'll roll on Stane?" Steve wondered.
Tony concedes the point to her, but lack of conversation means entertaining the thoughts inside his head, most of which center not on the mission where they belong, but on Steve's assignment.
The people who had been standing outside - along with a few who were previously indoors - were scattering everywhere in a panic, screaming or shouting questions or yelling for an ambulance. The fireworks still going off in the sky above only added to the chaos.
"Thanks," Steve said, trying to keep his voice from shaking.
Other-Tony - Tony has
Tony is reluctant to leave Steve behind, but the gateway is stable and he trusts Steve's judgment, so he just nods and squeezes Steve's hand before stepping through the portal alone.
“Or,” Steve added, “I can believe that there’s something fishy to what’s going on in this one. An illusion, or ... a shared simulation, or - something. It’s not right. I can feel it, and I know after what you saw, you can, too.”
Steve hears the sound of the gun being rested on the floor, then the woman kicks it, and it slides across the floor to rest next to Steve.
Tony shrugged. "Well, if he tries to kill me again, we get more proof this time."
With the two looking suitably distracted with soaking up the chanting cheer of "Hail Hydra!" that goes up around them, Steve glances sidelong at Agent Drew. She looks troubled, but nods subtly, and Steve gathers up his strength before launching to his feet and straight at Madame Hydra.
,” Clint said, heading Steve off at the pass, “no one likes it when Mom and Dad fight, so ... I’m gonna give you a piece of advice, Steve: we all fuck up sometimes. Yeah, Tony lied to us, and yeah, he almost got his dumb ass killed, but everything turned out alright in the end. So ... you might wanna let this one go.”
But then Steve would look at Tony the way he was looking at him right now, like Tony was the smartest person he had ever met. Maybe that much was true, but Steve’s opinion clearly had little to do with Tony’s IQ. He just ... he looked at Tony like he thought Tony could be
Though Captain America is due a bit of rest and relaxation after his efforts in the war, his fictional counterpart's story will continue on in his serialized adventures alongside the Iron Man in
"We'll save that for next time," Steve promised. He kissed Tony again, and they lapsed into mutual silence, too focused on a shared desire for release to go on verbally sparring for the time being.
Espionage, Steve decides, may not have been his best career move.
The great thing about being a super soldier was that when Steve got injured, the problem tended to resolve itself rather quickly. The terrible part was that when there was a projectile involved in that injury, leaving behind debris that had to be removed, no one was sure how to numb the pain. Steve's system metabolized most normal doses of drugs with frightening speed, and no doctor yet had been comfortable enough to dose him with something close to the capacity of a horse tranquilizer just to see if it might work.
"Not too old fashioned?" Steve couldn't help but tease.
Steve wound his arm around Tony's waist again to help support him, as Tony started to sag against the shower wall, boneless with his release. They kissed under the spray of water in a sloppy, lazy way as they came down from the high of orgasm, and Steve took charge of washing away the mess they made of themselves.
“I don’t think he ever got over not being able to find you,” Tony admitted.
"We've got the school under surveillance, and the perimeter is secured,, so we'll make sure no one follows you." She paused, giving Steve a knowing look. "Should I make sure you have some privacy?"
"I have a twenty-four hour pass," Steve says, laughing softly.
"I brought something for him to wear," Steve says, glancing past Tony to the ... other Tony.
Tony got out of the armor while the rest of the team stashed their gear, and broke off from the group as they all began to go their separate ways. Steve began to follow Tony, but stopped short at a sharp look from Clint; Steve raised his eyebrows in question, and from the corner of his eye, saw Tony disappear behind the closing elevator doors.
They're down in the workshop, Tony tinkering on a project and Steve cleaning and repairing his gear, when they receive a message of the cross-universal variety. It turns out to be something as mundane as an email, from one
Tony shifts and stretches, and his warm hand begins to creep up Steve's thigh. "Morning," he mumbles into his pillow.
Tony raised his eyebrows. "Is this about me using myself as bait, as you put it?"
Anthony hesitates; Tony knows the look on his face, the one that says Anthony doesn't want to admit to weakness. "No, it's - I'm fine, I can work."
Tony laughed, loud and surprised. “You know, Steve, you never cease to amaze me.”
Steve reaches for his holster on the bedpost, but Agent Drew reaches out and stops him.
Steve glances between the two of them and their no doubt identical expressions. "Who says I'm
Tony is silent for a moment. "You don't have to leave," he says at last. "I meant what I said last night: you're welcome to stay as long as you like."
The three SHIELD agents constituted most of Steve's friends in the twenty-first century, although of them all, he knew Clint the least. Agent Barton always seemed to be off on some assignment or another, and Steve was a bit surprised to see the man there.
about?"
“Thanks to you,” Quill said, “I don’t think we’re going to be worrying about Galactus for a while, anyway.”
"How long is your leave, again?" Tony asks.
Tony suspected his answering shrug wasn't as nonchalant as he hoped. "Today is move-in day for Sam," he said. "I wanted to help him get settled in."
The slow pace that Tony took, long and deep and gradual, pulling out nearly all the way before he pressed completely back inside, had them both shaking with self-restraint. He was careful, gentle even, and Steve couldn’t even think of what they were doing as sex so much as Tony sweetly making love to him.
Steve smiled gently, relaxing into the touch. “One thing the Squadron couldn’t ever get right was keeping us from finding each other.”
"How are they?" Tony asks. This time, his voice shakes a little on the words.
"Should I stop?" he asked softly.
“Oh, yeah,” Tony said, his expression brightening. “When I kicked on the autopilot and went down on you.”
The shaking stopped, but the person lingered. Steve blinked, and the blur reconstituted itself into a shock of short-cropped dark hair, a full mouth, and very bright blue eyes. He blinked again, and his brain processed that the face was that of a woman, and not one Steve recognized.
Gradually, Steve picked up his pace and Tony had to brace himself harder against the desk to keep from sliding across it from the force of Steve's thrusts. It was perfect and not enough all at once; he could tell from the shift of Steve's breathing that Steve was getting close. A few seconds more, a particularly rough thrust, and Steve buried himself inside Tony as he came, his head falling to Tony's shoulder, and he actually bit down on the fabric of Tony's jacket to stifle himself.
Neurotically, Steve thought he was probably considering it too hard, made paranoid both by Tony's interest and Natasha's insight the night before.
Sternberg snorts. "Well, as you can see, I am not missing. I am right here, Commander. Good job!"
There are footsteps behind the door, slow and suspicious, before the door opens a hair and a face peers out. "Yes? What do you want?"
Naturally, though, Steve isn't going to protest
They do put their heads together and come up with ideas for the next three editions, at least: vague accounts of classified missions that Pepper can stretch and spin into something for her readers' consumption.
"How is he?" he asks.
Surprise makes Steve startle; his body jerks, knee bumping the table, rattling the compass and maps on its surface. "What?"
Tony groaned as the memory surfaced, and he raised his head from the pillow before forcing himself to sit up. He had given JARVIS very specific protocols for shutting off the alarm, and the relentless noise did not cease until Tony was standing up and had made it several steps toward the bathroom.
"Yeah, I guess it does."
The movie that began to play seemed to be more holiday themed fare, but nothing Steve had caught in his marathon with Clint and Natasha. Rather, it was much
Natasha caught Steve looking and raised an eyebrow in his direction; Steve knew better than to look guilty, but he did hurriedly avert his gaze.
The Iron Man was still, only the occasional noisy whirring of the servo motors as its occupant fidgeted or stirred giving away that it was not entirely empty. The metal was worked to a high polish today - Mr. Jarvis must have been busy at work for the last week hammering out all the bullet dents - and was much sharper in person than Steve had ever pictured in the past, based on the painted illustrations inside the pages of
"And where am I supposed to go?" Tony asked.
was enough to have the feds dogging him, though, because Iron Man particularly liked engaging in corporate espionage and sabotage. It was less nefarious than anyone assumed: mostly, Tony just really disliked it when competitors stole his property -- intellectual or physical -- and he made a point of seeing to it that they could make no real use of their ill-gotten gains.
"What the
“Yeah, J, I got that,” Tony said. He peeked out of the doorway and watched as a tall, broad silhouette caught the thing -- a shield -- that just recently bounced off Tony’s aching head.
Steve cringed. "Wow."
"Huh?" Steve was surprised by the abrupt subject change, and he leaned forward to peer out the window.
Behind him, Tony pressed soft kisses along Steve’s neck, his shoulder, his jaw, as Tony kept up his lazy rhythm. His only outward sign of impatience, of desperation, was the way that his hand shifted to Steve’s hip and tightened, in that moment spent teetering on the brink, right before Tony came, chanting Steve’s name in a murmur.
“Whether the numbers you ran matched up to the scenario you expected,” Steve answered patiently, “the outcome was still in our favor.”
But Natasha had been cool toward him once they got back on board the dirigible, retreating immediately to her cabin with the excuse of needing to recharge her batteries. She took the crate with her, and had not emerged since. Apprehension had rolled off her in waves; Steve knew, deep down, Natasha was probably worried that he would treat her differently now that he knew her secret.
“God, Steve,” Tony said, his words a sigh that ruffled Steve’s hair. Tony pressed one leg forward, turning Steve more toward his front, and Tony’s arm went around Steve’s waist, holding him close as Tony began to move.
Jim steps back, holding his hands in the air. “Hey, Boss, no need to get offended, I mean, what do I know? It’s not as if I’ve ever seen you make a bad judgment call or anything.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said, pulling his hand away. “It’s personal, I shouldn’t -”
"No problem." Tony gestured around the rest of the room; currently, half a dozen people had converted an empty space into an impromptu dance floor. "It gets a little crazy in here, the later it gets."
Tony stirred after a moment spent catching his breath, and he nudged Steve in the back with his heel. "Keep going," he urged.
“Only a penny?” Steve said. “You’re cheaping out on me, Stark.”
That was as good a place as any to pick up again. Steve set an easy, lazy pace, kissing Tony slowly and thoroughly like he had nowhere else to be ... and, really, that was true of the moment. He did eventually let Tony back down to his feet, and grabbed the soap before leading Tony with him to step beneath the spray.
The car lasted as far as a late winter storm in Cedar Falls, Iowa, where it determinedly refused to start back up after getting coated in a layer of ice. Tony was running low on money at that point, and beginning to fear that if he called Obadiah for help, that might lead Obie to request he return to New York, especially since the media was
Tony nudged a glass into Steve’s hand and Steve accepted it and took a drink without paying much mind to the contents. It was lemonade, the sweet-acidic tang bursting over his tongue, not entirely expected after a rough day.
"After Fury came calling, what ... five years ago now? Something like that," Tony said. "I went to Obie - to Obadiah. Part of me was still a dumb kid looking for guidance, I guess."
Steve offered a look that somehow managed to be at once withering and concerned.
Tony paused, then added, “So ... I ate a lot of grilled cheese when I was a kid.”
Not that Steve had ever practiced that kind of thinking. To the contrary of many of his fellow servicemen, Steve had been, well, too
Tony scooted closer, and Steve shifted around to face him.
Steve smiled, leaning in to kiss Tony on the cheek. “If all your working sessions were like this, I’d get really jealous.”
Stark is a little shaky on his feet, but manages to make it to the lab shower - usually reserved for chemical incidents - with Steve's help. While Steve lingers with Stark, Tony calls to the kitchen for food, and has an unappetizingly bland meal of chicken broth and crackers waiting by the time they are done.
That actually brought a flush rising to Steve's cheeks. "Okay," he said. "You've made your point. I'm sorry I brought it up. I just suppose I've been more ... attuned to notice this sort of thing lately."
Steve furrowed his eyebrows. "With all due respect, sir, why is he of interest now? Why not twenty-five years ago?"
He took the ornaments and the Christmas lights back to the living room with him, and found Clint and Natasha sitting on the couch, the bowl of popcorn between them, watching a movie.
Even though standing face to face with Tony Stark makes him feel like an uncertain young soldier all over again, Steve refuses to give any ground. "I still could."
The nightlife in this district never really dies, but it does move around - progressing from bar to brothel to seedy hotel room - and by the time Steve reaches his destination, the hour is late. The infamous Princess Bar looks like a complete dive from the outside, but lights spill out from the windows and door, a beacon with the promise of booze, even at this time of night (or morning).
Steve shook his head, red-faced but resolute. "You'll have to find out tomorrow."
“Tony?”
Tony is elbows-deep in the War Machine armor, working on a recalibration of the left leg servo motor when the doors to the workshop burst open and Steve strides inside. He's just the adorable but awkward Captain Rogers today, looking fetching in his Army green. Everyone in the damn complex knows who Steve is, of course, but it gives the brass some sort of relief to have him masquerade around in his Class A’s with the shiny S.S.R. pins on the lapels.
"Then we wake one of them up," Steve says. "Assuming they came from the same place."
“What?”
The sound of one door loudly whacking against the brick startles them both into jumping apart a solid foot. Steve’s eyes widen a hair before he sags in relief on seeing who has just walked in, and Tony turns to see Jim Rhodes and Steve’s partner, Bucky Barnes, walk into the workshop.
Steve pushes open the door and walks inside, scanning the interior of the bar as he goes. Inside, the place is nicer than it appears; some of Madripoor's elite will roam out of Hightown just to come here for one fix or another, and tonight appears to be no exception to that rule. There are still several patrons milling about, the ones who look too deep in their cups to leave, slumped and sleepy-eyed with their elbows glued in sticky spots to the counter.
"Long enough." Tony leans in and kisses Steve, taking his time to enjoy it.
"So when I say I'm sorry," Jarvis went on, "it's not just for your parents, but for all the responsibility your father's death leaves on your shoulders."
He laughed softly. “Older sister, maybe.”
There was a faint clatter of flatware against glass, and Tony turned to see Jarvis set a cup of tea down on the table between them. "I thought you could use something warm to drink."
"You could have said something sooner," Steve complains, but he doesn't sound nearly as petulant as he is clearly trying for. He pulls out and gets to his feet, peeling the rest of the way out of his trousers and kicking them aside. "There. Is that better?"
"He's the last known carrier of the Zemo formula, Commander," Agent Drew says, her eyebrows furrowing in concern. "The knowledge of how to concoct the formula was lost when Baron von Strucker was arrested; he was the last remaining Hydra agent to know its composition, not even the Red Skull knew. In his last letter before his execution, von Strucker wrote that Tony Stark was the recipient, but it's taken us this long to break his code."
But no one was telling, least of all her.
Natasha sat down at the kitchen counter and slowly started to become more alert as she imbibed caffeine.
"I'm going into town," Natasha said. She was already done up for the day, and looked quite pretty in a long tunic sweater and a pair of leggings, with a pair of tall boots. Well put together, but casual enough to be approachable.
The Captain opened his mouth, and Tony prepared himself to hear the man decline, but his expression merely shifted beneath the cowl before he answered, “It would be my pleasure.”
"So ... what now?" Steve asked. "Is that it, are we done?"
“Great.” Tony sighed, flopping down onto one of his workbenches, and he pitifully whined his mantra of the last few days: “
Steve ran a hand through his hair, wincing as his fingers caught on a mat of dried blood on the back of his head. She hadn’t been kidding about that hit on the head, then; he felt for his cowl, and found it stiff with blood, and torn as well. Steve imagined he’d gotten lucky to come out this unscathed from all that, as the last thing he remembered was the ceiling beginning to rumble.
To Tony's surprise, Fury consents to Cap's inclusion in the magazine. Pepper is delighted to have a means of breathing new life into her tales - adventure stories not being quite so easy when no real adventures are being had - and, as a fan, Steve is thrilled to get to be a part.
Tony shrugs. "As long as I don't show my face so that it looks like I'm in two places at once, I think we're safe."
Tony parted his fingers to peek out between them at Steve. “You mean, besides the massive property damage and destruction?”
Steve supposed that was true, just not in the way she was thinking. Whatever it was, they needed to work it out. They had a little time before they would be back in England. Steve steeled himself and went to knock on her cabin door.
"Mm," Steve says.
"If everything goes according to plan," Natasha said, "when this is over, Stark will go back to his life and you'll go back to yours, and you'll never need to see him again." Her expression softened. "That ...
"Did you have any luck?" Steve asks softly.
"You're too ..." Tony flapped his hand, and let his arm flop onto the pillows over his head. "Fastidious."
"Yeah."
Steve sits up with a soft sigh, and scrubs his hands over his face. Peggy was right, she was absolutely right. Steve has lost all objectivity, but he can't believe that Tony, tired and broken and drowned in alcohol as he is, can possibly be involved in anything happening in Madripoor's underbelly right now. It's all incidental.
doing, yet, except for calling attention away from the undercover operative, and trying to locate the missing scientists.
"If I could fly," Steve says, tugging off his helmet, "I think you'd never get me out of the sky."
Pretending to be someone else was exhausting in a particular sort of way when interacting with so many people, and Steve was grateful when Ms. Knauss finally left him alone in the library while she went to see to something else. He wasn't alone for long, though, before an increasingly more familiar voice said, "You have the look of a man who's reconsidering his life choices."
to do, and more to what he
"Meet Dummy," Tony announced, emerging into the garage from a door to the side.
“Not exactly,” Tony said. “There’s an electromagnet under there. When my convoy got attacked, one of my own bombs went off right across from me. Blew shrapnel into my chest, right through my bulletproof vest. It couldn’t be removed, so ... magnet. Keeps it from migrating into my heart.”
"Guess we'll leave it a mystery for the sake of suspense," Tony teased. He snagged a glass of champagne for each of them, and held one out to Steve. Tony had already had quite a bit to drink; his cheeks were flushed and his eyes sparkled with amusement.
Natasha rolled her eyes - which seemed like a common occurrence when Clint was around - and skipped back to the beginning of the disc. "Stop calling him
helmet off, hair blowing in a breeze, arm firmly wrapped around Captain America’s waist, as she dipped him in a kiss.
a woman, at that, changed things drastically. Steve knew Natasha’s identity now, and she knew his, even though his revelation had not been strictly authorized. He knew that his secret would be safe with her, just like he had always known Captain America could trust Iron Man to be there to watch his back.
"The Red Skull
Tony squirmed, a low whine in the back of his throat, and Steve leaned down to silence him with a kiss. Tony wasn’t, strictly speaking, one for restraints, but he loved occasionally getting manhandled a little by Steve, and a day like today – a day where they got a good workout but the threats they faced were neither world- nor life-ending ones – when they were feeling playful with each other, was the best time for it. He always felt secure, pinned by Steve this way, and Steve knew it; Steve always seemed to know what Tony needed, when he needed it.
"Ow," Steve says, voice muffled into the pillows, and he can't possibly have been injured by Tony's weight falling on his arm, he's just letting Tony know that he happens to be awake.
Steve sighed. "Are you saying Tony's in danger from Stane?"
"I don't know what you're talking about," Steve says, his expression inscrutable.
Coulson waited a while, taking care of busy work in his office until the first period bell had rung, then he roamed down through the halls and stopped outside Mr. Carbonell's classroom door. The window set into one side of the wood afforded him a subtle view of the proceedings inside, without anyone noticing he was watching.
In truth, Steve
"You're amazing," Tony murmurs, picking up his pace as he draws back, before snapping his hips forward in a harder thrust.
"His personality is very thorough," Coulson added. "He lives well, but modestly for a trust fund billionaire. He hasn't touched his trust fund, and he hasn't cashed a paycheck all semester, but he's financially solvent in other areas. He's the developer of a personal assistant application called JARVIS - for Just A Rather Very Intelligent Secretary - and the popular mobile phone game Tiny Robots."
"Hmm." Steve wasn't so sure he believed Tony's protests about Dum-E's intelligence and capacity for learning, but he also could understand being defensive of a creation like that. "Was he your inspiration for Tiny Robots?"
, so Tony kept right on going, until Steve was thrusting back into his hand, making desperate and needy little sounds into the quick kisses they kept exchanging.
Tony laughed. "Hmm, good one. I might have to use that in the next update."
suspended in unconsciousness, and Tony would be worried about having a kidnapping incident on their hands, except that he can verify that all four of the people represented are, in fact, accounted for.
Steve's smile grew a bit brighter, and he leaned in to kiss Tony lightly on the lips. "I'm glad you understand."
"Don't be sorry, Steve," Tony answers. "Just come here and kiss me again."
"You're not helpful." Steve pushed himself up to sit, and looked around for something to drink. Natasha pushed an uncapped bottle of water at him, and Steve gratefully accepted. He chugged down half the bottle before stopping for a breath. "What about Tony?"
“I knew you would disapprove,” Tony said.
"Yes?"
"I can't say too much about it," Steve says regretfully. The assignment is a covert one, investigating Hydra activity in Madripoor. Director Fury wants Steve there in a more obvious fashion than most SHIELD agents would employ, to throw Hydra off the scent of an actual undercover operative who has infiltrated their ranks. "I'll probably miss a couple of our lunches, but I'll keep in touch."
"And Zemo? What can we do about that?" Steve asks. He doesn't have to think very hard to remember Tony telling him once, a long time ago, that he thought losing all semblance of who he was would be a terrible way to die.
"Nah." Tony shook his head. "I'm going to someone else's this time. Didn't know if you might like to be my plus one. The person having it tries to set me up with her niece every time I show up without a date, and I thought maybe, since you walked out on me the other night, you might like to make it up to me ..."
“About two and a half kilometers from the castle ruins,” she said. “I dug you out and we got this far before the armor started to power down. We’re northeast of our extraction point, but I radioed Jarvis that our plans have changed. He should be here soon.”
“Steve.”
The robot - Dum-E - perked up when Steve entered its space.
Tony takes the lock in hand and turns it over, leaning close to inspect the mechanism. “Namor’s here?”
Steve sighs quietly. "Tony ..."
time to get hot, and Steve allowed himself a moment of distraction for the way Tony looked while bending over.
Tony seizes within seconds, his body convulsing of its own accord. The pain is worse than being shot or even voluntarily electrocuted as he is every time he charges the repulsor pump.
Steve turns his head and presses a kiss to Tony's palm. "Still. I'm sorry."
"But ... you already knew that," he says.
Steve decides, whatever his unpleasant feelings at the moment, he likes Dr. Banner. The man seems to have a good sense of humor, at any rate.
"I'll bet Crossbones never treated Grim Reaper this good," Tony joked.
together upsets me. Which isn't logical, I know. There are infinite possibilities, after all."
“I handed leadership over to you,” Tony said. “I said I would back your play, then I kept ignoring everything you asked me to do.”
"I don't want to be a liability for you," Steve said. "The Avengers work because we function like a well-oiled machine. I can't be the rusty cog you have to ... keep unsticking."
They made the rounds for the next hour and some change, which Steve found as exhausting as ever, with an added helping of distress from all the questions being lobbed Tony's way about who his mystery date was. At least no one seemed particularly upset that Tony had shown up with a man as his plus one; Coulson must have been right in that regard.
When Tony came, it was like it surprised him; he spilled hard and messily between them, the shout that escaped his throat unlikely to
Jim doesn't look ready to give up that easily, though. "You were having a fit when I blasted in there. What did he do to you, Tony?"
"I like you, Steve," Tony says. "Can I call you Steve?"
Steve turned an incredulous look on him. “I don’t have that authority.”
"I'm pleased to have taken this opportunity to forever shatter any respectable images you might have otherwise had of your coworkers," Tony said cheerfully.
Clint's very mature response was to stick out his tongue at the rest of them. It did, at least, distract everyone else from Steve's embarrassed flush. Tony was the only one to notice, and as their eyes met, he nudged Steve's ankle with his foot and gave him a wink.
Steve sagged forward a little and, after a long moment, remembered himself and straightened. He was considerate, tucking Tony back into his jeans - most of the mess was on their hands, anyway - before he pulled up his own sweats, then he grabbed a towel from his dirty laundry to wipe their hands clean.
take a picture of the two of them with his phone, because it was too tempting to resist.
"It sounds like the abduction happened during the battle," Steve offers, while Tony makes a note.
"War flashbacks, soldier?" Tony asked, raising his eyebrows.
," Clint complained.
Steve couldn't help breaking away from the kiss to moan a soft encouragement when Tony's hand slipped inside his briefs.
It seemed obvious now, however, that this Anthony Edward Stark was Howard's son. It was all there in the handsome face, with its laughing eyes.
Steve settles down in the suite's living room with the closed bedroom door between himself and Tony, and pulls the papers from his bag. He still feels vaguely guilty to have absconded with them, but he can't shake the feeling that there really is something Tony doesn't want him to know.
mysterious ... though, they say, Ascalon remains hidden.”
"It's good," Tony answered, gasping softly. His hand drifted down to cover Steve's, and Tony worked to speed the pace of Steve's strokes over his own cock.
"Here, have a seat. What did he say?"
Steve debated for a moment whether Tony would prefer well-informed or ignorant; he decided to go with the former. Tony seemed like the sort of guy who would be suspicious of someone purporting to know too
“I didn’t know,” Steve said. “But I strongly suspected.” When Tony didn’t respond immediately, he elaborated, “The Stark tech, the fact you’re the smartest guy I know and you couldn’t seem to figure out who Iron Man was ... there was only one thing that really made sense, after I put all the pieces together.”
Tony closes his eyes, looking weary. "You're wasting your time, Steve," he says softly. "I risked life and limb for America, I gave her my
Steve places his palm against the front of the armor, and strokes his hand down over the smooth, burnished metal. There are still a few bullet dents - "From our last encounter," Tony explains. - that have yet to be hammered out, and Steve lets his fingertips dip into those.
Steve smiled. "So?"
spy ever."
Iron Man had a box on her lap, the box from the castle. It was good to know they had completed their objective, even though there was absolutely no doubt left in their wake that they had been there.
Together, they hovered outside a window looking into the Baxter Building; the window was broken, security for the building reporting that the thing had entered through it. The 'thing' in question was taller than a man but shaped roughly like one, except for the shaggy brown fur and the huge horns that grew out of its head. That last part reminded Iron Man uncomfortably of Thor's brother, Loki.
"There's a pot on in the kitchen," she answered, nodding her head in that direction. "Half-and-half in the fridge, sugar in the cabinet. There are also some donuts on the counter."
"I'm sure you could use some fresh air and sunshine after all that time cooped up in stasis, anyway," Steve says. He's usually of the opinion that most of the scientists in his life could use more fresh air and sunshine, so this recommendation isn't terribly surprising.
With the doctor's all clear, Steve was released from the hospital with little further ado. Per Agent Coulson's orders, he was remanded into Natasha's care; after a brief absence, she appeared outside his hospital room door with a change of clothes and a bag of prescription painkillers and antibiotics that they all knew Steve didn't really need. Steve wasn't sure what Agent Coulson had said to the doctors to keep them from questioning his speedy recovery, but if anyone could deal with that kind of paperwork, Steve knew it was Coulson.
They were relatively quiet as they got out of the shower and toweled off, taking the excuse to kiss and touch again as they helped and hindered each other in equal parts.
In the confusion, Steve sees Agent Drew fall into action. She does something with her hands and suddenly the two men next to her inexplicably turn on each other. When Agent Drew drops the handcuff key behind her back, Steve rocks away from the still dazed Madame Hydra in order to catch it. He only manages to get the cuff off one wrist before another Hydra soldier rushes him.
"Oh, yeah," Tony said. He was quiet for a beat, then he asked, "Does that bother you?"
Tony patted him on the arm. "It's okay. So, now that I've educated you on
Tony Stark seems younger than Steve thought he would; maybe it's that the covers of
At least she didn't make any comment on what he and Steve had obviously been doing, which was better than Tony could have expected out of some of
They always went back to Tony’s place. They never discussed their personal lives beyond what of Tony’s was known to the public, but because he was rich and had a high profile in the tech industry, there was kind of a lot out there.
"This isn't some kind of charity thing, right?"
“Only if this is reality, which it’s not,” Tony said, and the faceplate slid up again as he looked into Steve’s eyes. “Right?”
Peggy raises her eyebrows. "We have tracked some disappearances in the last six months. One of the scientists who worked with Dr. Erskine in Germany has gone missing, and a Dr. Sternberg from France. There may be others, but they were both working on projects SHIELD has been keeping an eye on."
"Okay," she said simply. "I won't bother you unless it's an emergency."
"I sent them out to the front room." She shrugs slightly. "Let's just say my superpower is ... being very persuasive."
"Thanks." Steve hesitated, before quickly moving forward to sweep Natasha into a hug. "For everything, really."
doing vigilante planning things with Steve. Mostly because it involved Steve coming to Tony’s office after hours, hanging out while they ate and talked and planned, while Tony explained his tech and Steve listened with interest and asked genuinely curious and thoughtful questions.
It's amazing and it's almost too much, Tony could swear he's hallucinating this incredibly hot scenario where he gets to help Steve fuck himself, but there's no denying how grounded in reality they really are once Steve comes, his hips jerking upward as he loses his battle with holding still. Tony and Anthony are the ones who pause, then, easing down to slowly work Steve through his orgasm.
She handed the music box to Steve, and he handled it carefully, closing the lid again so that he could study the small painting.
Tony stared at Steve for several seconds, a strange look on his face - then he laughed.
he was.
"Of course I am. How do you take your eggs, Cap?"
's fishing trawler cover boat. Namor is bundled in a wool coat, the collar pulled up to conceal his identity, and he has a knitted cap pulled down low over the tips of his ears.
"I -" Stark falters. "Yeah, I guess." He pushes himself up on his elbows, and Steve slides an arm behind Stark's shoulders to help him sit up the rest of the way.
Steve reached his free hand up to cover the one that Tony had braced against the tile, and he rocked his hips harder into the tight channel of Tony's thighs. He could tell from past experience that Tony was getting close, the combined efforts of their hands pushing him closer, signified by the breathless noises Tony was starting to make.
Steve looked up, a sheepish smile spreading across his face, and he lowered the phone, holding it behind his back as if they hadn't already seen what he was doing. "Sorry, what was that?"
"That doesn't sound like the Tony Stark I know," Steve says. He traces the smooth metal rim of the cover with his hand, and splays his fingers over the glass. "Since when have you played by the odds?"
Steve had his back to the door and Tony was feeling daring - it was three in the morning after all, who was actually going to catch them? - so he freed Steve’s cock from his pants (delighting in the fact Steve was going commando; God bless laundry day) and gave him a healthy stroke, from base to tip.
"Tony," Steve says warningly.
They settled down at the kitchen table, finding a place for their dishes among the scattering of arrows and computer parts and pizza boxes piled on its surface, and ate in companionable silence for a long few minutes before Tony spoke again.
“Are you kidding?” Tony asked. He laughed, and leaned in to kiss Steve on the chin. “I missed you like crazy.”
Steve considers Namor's body language: sitting back in the chair with arms folded across his chest, affected disinterest, and decides that the gamble of the truth is worth it. "Hydra," he says.
Tony was momentarily distracted by the donut's disappearance, then he looked back to Natasha. "Even with dear old dad looking out for me," he said, "Obadiah's entrenched. He's CEO, it's legal, he made sure we took care of the paperwork years ago. It could take me years to win over the board and turn him out, especially since they're all in his pocket and most of them remember when I was in diapers. And that's not even mentioning the fact that he tried to have me killed. Which I'm guessing isn't going to hold up too well. I don't need you to tell me the kind of lawyers he can afford, or the amount of government officials he's bribed."
Steve stands up and Tony quietly, reverently strips Steve from his battle dress, and gets him a pair of pajamas to change into.
"My offer is still open," says Tony, his tone all forced nonchalance. "You don't have to go back."
Steve gave Tony one of those
in the heart."
Tony watches raptly as Steve picks up a slow rhythm, rocking into Anthony, fucking him slowly. "This feels ... weirdly narcissistic," he admits. "How turned on I am."
been a while since Tony had gotten laid, his dry spell stretching back to ... the last time he had sex with Steve.
"Hmm." Tony walked over to stand beside him, trying to project understanding and not judgment before he admitted, "Okay. I’m not going to pretend I understand."
The moment was gone, and Steve tried not to take its loss personally. For all that he and Tony were close - that Tony was Steve’s best friend in this brave new world - they still had only a few years of friendship behind them, and it would clearly take more time before they were ready to share everything. Steve was willing to wait. There were plenty of things he hadn’t yet found a way to tell Tony, either, after all. The things that related directly to Tony, to their friendship - and their relationship - came easy, now. But Steve had lived nearly thirty years in an entirely different place in time, had been shaped by a difficult childhood, in a society that had experienced one world war and was in the throes of a second by the time he stepped up and became Captain America. He and Tony were different as people, but Steve believed, with all his heart, that those differences made them work even better together. It just didn’t make the tough conversations, the places where they did clash, go any smoother.
, especially combined with the sex-rumpled hair.
Tony has a corner suite, and Steve considers simply breaking and entering, but he is apparently already on shaky ground with getting Tony to trust him right now, so he settles for knocking.
Maybe what Tony
"I know, he's got the best expressions," Tony says. "And makes the best sounds, when you can get him to stop being stoic."
Steve was grateful for Tony's peculiarity in that regard, as Tony scratched blunt nails over Steve's scalp, lathering up shampoo as Steve ducked down to enjoy the massage.
"Well," Steve said. "Moving didn't make much of a difference. I don't have much close family left."
Jim's laugh from next to him is hardly amused. "Yeah, well, let's just hope we don't find another one of your ex-girlfriends in this one."
Tony can tell from the way Steve is vibrating with anticipation just outside his field of vision, that Steve expects him to be excited. But he can’t quite tear his eyes away from the glaring error, and he quickly flips the book open to page through it, checking to see if the error has carried over to the rest of the panels.
"I have to go," Steve answers.
"Don't worry," he said. "I'm pretty hard to kill."
"And you've - seen him since then?" Steve asks. He hates the thread of desperation in his voice, but after nothing, to suddenly hear word ...
This is the thing that Tony has been itching to ask about, of course, but it seemed rude to be the first one to bring it up before now. "So you two aren't ..."
“Yeah,” Steve said. “Of course.”
Steve has never looked out of place here until now, sitting perched on the edge of the bed, looking dazed.
Anthony shakes his head, his smile dimming. "No," he says. "I don't think it could."
He stood up, and was nearly through the door when Tony said, "Wait. I've got a question, too."
"New Year's Eve," said Tony. "Do you have plans?"
an orgasm make it better?"
“Well,” Steve said, glancing around the dark surroundings of the base, then patting the couch cushions. “I’ve slept in worse places. We’ll make it work.”
Steve stabs his fork into his pie with more force than is strictly necessary. "Yeah."
It wasn't that he was uncomfortable with someone's interest in him, but this
comfortable for an outside observer to grasp. Anthony spends less of his downtime brooding in the presence of his Steve, and much more being distracted by Steve and Tony in their bed (and, on one memorable occasion, the kitchen ... they just didn't make it as far as the bedroom).
Steve sighs, resting his chin against Tony's chest as he looks up at him. "No, it's fine. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious, too."
