Steve turned his head slightly to the right to see a young boy in a blue and red suit...how did this kid get in here? His face was tear stricken and he looked utterly devastated with his body curling in on itself. His hands had fallen to the floor and where curled into fists and his mouth was ajar, Steve had done this.
"wait, if that wizard guy merged the universes...where is this...metal man?" Sam asked finally speaking up, he looked more than confused, it looked like it was weighing down on him.
"Damn Traitor! Calling himself a connoisseur, he can't tell the difference between a revolutionary idea in science, and any other damn piss poor suggestion any dumb ass makes." Sir was mad....and Tony could feel it...in his bones and brain.
"I don't know much about computers,'-that was an understatement-' but is there a way for someone to get inside and turn himself back on so that they can control him?" Steve asked, well done Mr. Rogers, not a bad question, but sort of stupid. Pepper shook her head, damn, of course she would know that as well. Hell, Tony was willing to be she probably knew more than anyone else about AI him.
"And no one tired to figure him out?" Clint asked, that actually was a good question, why hadn't Shield ever tried to take him apart? Howard had died a while ago, it didn't make sense.
But seeing Bucky have a simple comfort as he sat up on the couch and Natasha and Clint wrapped around him to watch cartoons, while he drank his hot chocolate. It was nice. He wasn't has high strung or shaken yesterday. He was simply...there, he looked relaxed, tired, but relaxed. From records he could tell that Sam would probably climb out of his pristine room and join the cuddle pile. The blankets were purposely picked to be warm and fluffy, and it was then Tony realized that there was those small roomba robots on all floors, like small hands for him to make sure everything was okay.
Something had gotten within their walls and preformed some form of magic just now...damn where was Thor when they needed him
"That is a good question....does all our memories revolve around this man?" Bruce asked his...as Clint called it the 'science face' slipped onto his face.
"Alternate Realities?" Natasha blurted out, her arms still wrapped around the choked up teen, wiping his running nose with the back of his hand, and didn't Steve just feel awful....But maybe...maybe he was going to get answers soon.
Placing the pizza's in the car Steve got in the back as Clint and Natasha got in, Natasha didn't even wait for them to put on their seat belts before she started to speed off. SHEESH was she driving fast! Steve almost fell over, scrambling to catch the pizza's from falling.
"Please?" She asked with restrained rage. Tony figured he had teased her enough, in this world they weren't used to his annoyances.
Thank you everyone that commented and read the last chapter, It honestly makes my day so much brighter to read all the comments!
"Well good to know you are here, so who is this person that can help us?" Steve was truly interested in Natasha's answer, this was going to be someone who could hack into Howard's personal security they would have to be smart, probably a Shield operative, and most likely a genius. Maybe they would be like Bruce and be a recluse and odd, or maybe they would be like Howard, more wild and eccentric and even odder, maybe they would have wild hai-
"Well first, you okay?" Steve asked softly, she merely raised an eyebrow at Steve, that was probably as good as an answer he was going to get.
He could see Howard, despite the quality of his...vision...dropping dramatically. But it was clearly Howard. He couldn't forget that imposing figure even if he tried. Now this lab he recognized, it was to distinct to forget, from the back of his memory from when he was a kid. Howard had his hands deep in wires and a glass of scotch next to him, smoke coming from a cigar barely staying in his mouth as he worked. The usual then.
"Tony...I...I'm so sorry...for everything." Steve whispered in Tony's ear and it was so warm on his ear and Tony curled int further into Steve's chest as his heaves of sobs were wracking his body. Suddenly there was those strong hands again, petting Tony's hair and shushing him with soft coos, and for once this was what Tony had always wanted, acceptance as himself, the human....acceptance even his own parents didn't give to him. Tony only wanted that...a home for his soul, one that didn't chain him down like his own body did for him, his own name, his suit...
"That's impossible, Tony can't get hacked, he has protocols in place, the minute someone tries to get inside he shuts himself down" Ms. Potts explained. Natasha glanced back at Steve and Clint. Steve stepped forward.
It would be a week later when Tony finally managed to get the electricity out of the lab, sending a signal to Jarvis and Aunt Peggy. The response was immediate and gave Tony hope, hope that made his chest heavier than the battery in his lungs.....that hope did nothing but give way to more fear.
Bruce hummed in his horrified path, he glanced at everything that seemed to be jammed into his body without care.
"Okay Mr. Tony how do we do this?" Ned asked enthusiastically from his swivel chair next to Peter, Tony was currently propped up on a backpack plugged into Ned's laptop as Peter sat cross-legged on the floor watching.
"MR. TONY!" And he forgot how loud Peter was, "OHMYGODITHOUGHTYOUHADDIEDANDYOUWERESPARKINGIWASSOSOSWORRIEDAREYOUOKAYDIDYOUGETHURT-
With a quick flash of blue, Tony was suddenly looking at a screen- a gallery of videos each one had a date, each stacked under a year.
"Captain do you have the arm?" He asked, Steve looked up holding Bucky up the arm under his other arm. "Good, when you enter into the lab please sit Barnes on the floor next to my Helpers, and just keep him still." The Avengers seemed to freeze again, as if Tony had said something utterly terrible.  Or hell if he had threatened them...He supposed they would be frightened since there was no tech savvy person around to advocate for the AI's. Tony watched as the doors opened and looked at their horrified faces when they realized there was no medical team waiting for them.
"Of Course, Mr. Tony!" Peter then slipped into an alley way and let his backpack fall on the ground and starting pull on the-why did Tony tell him to use his spider powers, now he was going to have to see that god awful polyester nightmare for even longer.
0̸̢̡̧̢̢̡̧̡̛̛̛̛̝͙̫͎̹̞͔̦̜͚̰̺̪͓̖̺̲̠͉̮̟̩͓̤̠̬̩̗̯͕͔͎̼̣̫̻͎̻̫͉̰͉̙̫̪̖͖̬̝͚̝̳̠̣͈̼̮͚͚̳͖̹̦͙̞̭̟͓̰͚̣̪̘͕̗͓̯̲͇̩̹̹͋͒̊̇̃͋̅͐̊͐̐̄̅̽͂͋̏̋̌̽̓̓̆̌͋͛̄̋͋̒̐̓̎̓͐̎̈̓͋͗͋̆̔̈́̌̾͆̉͊͐͐͋̐͐̓͑̽̏̃͛͆͌̋̄̽͒͆̄̓̍̈́̾̌̿̓̂̇͑̿͐̊̎̆͂̄̿͒̈́͛͑̅̆̀̍̀͋̓̎̈̓̈́͒̾̋̏̓̂̓̋̈́̊̉͊͛̽͌͂̋͐̔͋͒̾́̉͋̉̈͛̇̋͑͘̕͘̚̚͘͘͘͜͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅ1̷̡̢̢̨̨̨̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̺̣̼͔̪̮͉̗̮̫͈̻̭̖̱̜̖͙̬̪͕̳͉̤͈͔͉̙̱̼͓̗̱̩̝̞͇̘̦͔̭̜̜̮͍̺̯̼̳͔͕̹̭̘͎̟͎̲̫̹̠̳̭̳͇̤̜̦͎͖͍̺̙̳̰̰̲̜̼͍̙͓͔̗͚̘̙͈̗͚̤͈̘̖̹̰͍͇͕̼̖̘̠̜̰̪̠̥̘̹͓̝̼̥͓̤͍̞̥̓̾͑͑̐̊̆̃̾̌͌̄̓̀̈́̽̊̅͋̽͗̑͐̈́̉̋̃̊̓̐̃͆̔͂̈̆̋͒̔̆̅́͂̈͐̒̈́͂͐͑̋̉͐̓͋͒͋͐̈̂̄͗̽͋̐̏͂͛̒̈́̽̋̂̎̈́̏͌͛͆̾̈́͌͑̏̈́̅̿́͒͒͂͂̾͒̎̈́̈́̾̓̚̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅ0̴̨̢̧̧̨̧̧̡̧̨̡̡̨̨̧̢̧̨̨̧̧̨̢̢̪͇̣͈̳̭̯͓͖͎͎̻̦̰͍̩̞̝̼̖̲̗͙̮̭͚͍͓̖̝̤̫̳̖̖̭̟͔̺͉̻̯̖̖͓͍̝̬̯̹̟͇̜̳̱̙̤̼͖̰͈̱͈̘̮̼͍̯͓̗̮̠̗͕̱͉̟̻͇͖͎͓̯̼͈̙̱̥̦̠̤̳͈̗͉̤̰̙̬̮̫̦̤̻̙̣͙̺̜̭̦̜͍̯͓̮̜̭̥̮̠̼̬̖͕͓͎̻̙̬͕̩̬̗̝͙͎̬̝̯͎͈̣̱̬̲̦͓̺̱̺̤̺͉̥̺͓̼͉̼̬͙̳͙̠̳̹̱̼̠̳̺͚̗̙̝̞̠̭̹͓̠͍̹̝͉̙͔̩̟͎̯̯̖͕̗̥͍͉̞̜̠͇͎̮̝̭̻̘̟̈́̿̊̅̅́̎̈́̍̇͒̿̃̅̑̃́̍̐̾̿͒̌̈́͒̓̓̈̅͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅ0̶̡̛̛̛̘̤͚̩͙͔̥͈̱͍̰͎̯̭̟̫͍͖͖̙͈͔̮̪̫̭̼̬̹̳͎̲̬̱̬͇̬̙̰̺̙̳͎̳̂͗̒̄͋͊͋̈̈́̆̉̏̋̌̌̈̈̒͐͐͗̈́̅̏̿̾̈́͋̈́̽̑̿͒̊̓̀͋̓̉̒̐̐͐̇̈́̋̈́̑̏̏͛̒̉͊̽̃́̽̾̀̆́̐͗̋̇̃͒͂͆̿̈̽̑̒́̎̔̎̇̌̊͗̐̽̊̔͌̌̀̅̌̍̈́̇̀̿͆͒̓̂̿̂̽̈́̇̊̏̈́̃͂̃͌͊̈́͆̓̈̆̎̀͛̍͛͊̽̓͊̋̊̕̚̚̕̚͘̚͜͜͠͠͝͠ͅͅ0̸̨̨̧̨̢̢̨̨̛̛̛̝̠̭̱͇̙͇̬͙̰̥̜̙̗͚͚̫̤͇͚͔̻̬͍̯̩̖̯̝̝̱̯̫̮̥̳̱̫̼̬̪̘̥͉͔͖̳̥̬̳͚̹̟͕̩͚̝̜̱̲̬̮̦̦̙̣̟̥̖̺̟̳̞͉̥̞̣̼̳̄͆͊̈̾̿͑̂̎͗̊̑̇̾͑̀͆̾̓͑̌̂͗̉͛̈́͆̌̆̉͋̍̇͗͛̔̒̽̂̒̽̐̒̃̀̾̈́͒͗̌̈̀̅̃̌̓̊̓̾̎̉͗͗̆͂͑̅̐̂̆̎͂̃̑̀͗̈̔̇̓̈́̃̓͋̒͒̑̀̉́̊͒̃̃̓̏̾́̑̇̆͌̌͑̓̿̒̐͑̀͒͋̑̐̓̑̈́̈́̅̒̈̈́͒͊̽̀͊̀͐̓̓̾͊̾̈̆͊͐̔̄͑̔̃̏̓̎͐̆͆̽̉̐̏̌̾́̔͑̅̔̅́̋̒̎̊͗̓̋͗̍͌̊͐̒̎̎́͗̿͛͒͊̓̏̋̆̽͊̈́̏͛͂́̈́̉͋̔̀͒͌̓͆͛̓̽̃͋̾͐͗͐̏̌̎̆̆͊̾̾̓́̀͘͘̕͘̚͘͘͘̚̚͘̕͘̕̚̕͘͘͘͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅ1̶̡̡̡̧̢̧̧̨̡̢̡̢̨̡̡̨̧̧̧̨̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̟̰̜̲͓͕̞̟̠̩̞̯̘̘͖̣̗̳̲͇̠̜̘̝̙̼̘̦̞͖͔̭͎̩͇͍̱̥̱̪̩̤̼̰͇͎̲̜͕̹͙̩͈̣̰̭͔̟̼̻̺̼͓͈̹̞̤͙̟̝͈̙̳͉̖͙̪̹͍̙͓̬͉͎͚̜̮̘̠̮̩͇̮̯̺̣̞̪̱̦͎̺̪̻̥͖͖͇̪͉̬̠̪̘̘̗͖̘̞̯̦͚̭͈̰̙̩͉̻͉̬̗̤͕͉͙̭͇͓̹̱͍̯̮͍̪̤͙̗̲͈͈̼̻̫̭̻̯̼̜̬̜͍̰̝̝̯͖̬̑͌̾̽͆̒̂̊̀͑́͊͒͊͆̈́̒͒̈͋͋̅͆͒͗́̌̓̌͋̾͆̐̆̃̌͆͋͛́̈́̐͛̔̄̄̈́̀͒̽̄̓͒̒̉̃̎̂̈́̌͗̉͌̋̊̉̆̏̓̋̍̒̈́̽̃͆̿̐͑̊͌̄̊̃̓̾͑̌̄̈́͋͒͛̒̃͂̇̾͋͊̎̎͋̌̅̀̒͆͒̓̄̓̈́̏̐̍̉͆̈̈́͌̊̿̓͊͋̄̄͌̍͒́̑̈́̓̀̇̾̏̓̍͆̓͗̅̓͗͂̌̋͘̕̕͘̚͘̕̕̚͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠ͅͅͅ0̴̡̢̧̧̡̡̢̡̛̛̻̭̼͖͍͉̞͙̺̦͕̠̱̳̥̝͓̻̱͚͍͕̬̝̳̰̞̘̘͇̥̰̯͕̊̏̏̈͋͋̐̇̾̽̏̀̈́̋̌́̾̊̈́͌͂̃̅͗̽̿̌̈́͒̏͂̑̏͆̑̏͛̆̊̔̓͗̓̃̈́̾̈͗̀̇̓͆͑͌̊̄̕͘̕̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͝1̴̨̧̢̨̡̡̨̡̡̢̡̢̧̢̛̛̛̱̜̝͉͕̣̪̳̪̰͇̳̺͓͇̰͍̤̮̳̯̫͉̩̪̮̠̲̭̪̞͔̠̹̟̺͎͔̰͈̣͖͍̪͈̖̞̬͎̻̜̖͈͙̦͇͚͉͙̪͉͖͕͉͔͚̼̳̫̭̫͕̫̜̰̻͖̯̘̲͙̘̻̗͍̮͇̮̱̲͚̳̱̩̗̙͍͔͕̪̭̘͈̼̦̝͈͔̩̜͔̯͙̻̫͉̟̬̳̖͕̻̮̻͍̩͕͖̮̥͔͕̜̳͖͚̜̳̝̠͍̟͔̙̲̝̜͈͔̖̣̺͕͖͕̤̯̙͚̞͓̙͓̳̼̩̆͒̌̋͆͛͋̀̉͛̉́͌̄͌̈́̿͌̅̉̂̽̐̍̓͂̎̑͂͆̕͘͘̚͘̕͜͝ͅͅͅ ̴̢̢̨̧̨̧̧̧̨̧̡̛̦̠͇̥̤̳̳͕̯̱̰̜̘̯͖̱̻̥̦̺͚͈̺̰̪̪̟̟̲̠̥̖̣̹̲̭̟̝̤̻͈̩̟̖̩̫̭̫̼͈̬̹̯̹̩̠̘̫̲͉̙̱̻̼̠̦̲̩̰̳͚̹̲̰̼̙̤͕̰͓̼̺̹̪̭̜̥̪͓̲̻͎̙͓̬̝̻̹̩̦̗͖͔̬͙̰̊̃̇͂̓̓̿͗̓͊̍̔̎̒́̐̿͂̔̃̋̆͂̽̈͋͛̀̔͋̈̄̾̉͆̾̄̄͆͊͂͗̍͌͒͂̔̏̆̑̐̃̄̕͘̚̕̚̕͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅ0̷̧̧̨̨̧̡̨̧̢̢̢̢̨̛̛͍̱̳̦͖͉̖͙̮̗̗̳̹̬̬̳̟̳̳̮͍̱͔̬̩͍̳̰̲̹͙̱̤̱̱̞͚̣͈̦̝͍̫̮̣̗͈̮̺̺̬̯̠̦̖̘̪̥̤̖͓̠̮̱̠̹͍̤͍͓̰̳͓͔̦͔͔͓͖̬̭̪̭̖͚̱̻̟̺̱̘͚͕̬͇̻͔̠̹̻̘̥̙̯̝̣͕̩̗͚̼̪̬͈̞͙͕̺̩̟̲͓͎̞̲͚̬̩̭̲̘̥̟̻̤̹̞̬̜̪̤̙̯̝̬̮̹̟͕͎̲̥̱̬̻̮͓̜̹̣͔̙̞̜̩͖̝͓̳̰̯̺̜͇̫̣̝̠̠̭̝̥͒̄́̎͋́̔̈́̄̃̾͆͋͑̋̐̏́͊̈́͌̌̋̀̎͆̉̈́̑͊̏͋̍͛͋͒̋̆̅̋̃̋́̔̄̎̃͘̕̕̕͜͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ1̵̨̢̧̡̧̨̧̢̨̢̡̡̢̡̨̛̛̛̱̺̫͎̞̣̫̻̰̤͚͇̹͉͙̮̮̘̹̝̺̥̣͚͓̮͇̫̰̥̯̘̝̩͍̫̙̗̥̻̦͚̟̲̻͚̯͚̰̦̹̮̻͇͖͉̙̺̙̝̺͍͚̗͉̰͉̭̯͓̯͉͕͙̰̦͚͈̮͕͎̥͚͚̼̰̯̱͇̯͚̼͉̼͈̻̪̳̼̪̼͚̰̰̯̭͎̥̥̝͖̙̙̞̤̤̬̥̥̙̹̫̥͉̯̭̙͕͖̙̦͚̯̗̪̮͚̤̘͇͖̱͕̰̣̖̠̗̠͔͎͈̓̀̇̏̆̆̅̿̍̃̈́͐̔̌̉̈́̄̀̂̆̈́̋̀͗̓̅͋̌̆̿̿͗̀͋̐̍̍͌̂̍̅̆͗̋͊̈́̽̿̃̓̈̆́͌̀͆̄͗̈̈́̑́̉̊̆͆̐̈͛̌͌̆̀̃̅͐̏̋͛́̅͐͛̈́͛̿̋̇̎̏̽̿͒̔̒̔̐̾̊̍̓̉̄̇̐̄̄̌͒̆͊̊̋͂̌͐͊̄͊͒̌̒̊́̀̑̾̔̎̋͌͑͌̒͆̐͐͌̆͊̐̔̓̀͗͌̂̈͑͂̓́̓͗͒̈́͑̋̓̋͆̄͂̎͗̀̍̃̽̌̅͘̚̕̚̚̚͘͘͘̚͘͘̕̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅ0̷̨̧̢̨̨̡̢̢̢̨̧̨̧̢̢̡̨̧̧̡̨̨̢̛̛̛͈͎̰̟̝̟̟̬̟̩̱͙͓̲͙̮͈͈̞̱̥̜̟̟͖͇̮̭̠͍̼̬̮̫͇͔̙̯̗̤̼̬̟͕̞̬̱̼̭͎͓͕͓̞̠̙̝͍̟̭̻̫̮̺̩̺̬̠͇̙̺̞̘͉̦̪̹͍̭͚̯̣̰̬̯̭̝̗͓̰̠͉̖͖̳̲͍̣̬̜͕̯͔̥͖̭̩̥̬̪͙̖̠̙͖͍̞͕̖̙̣̘̠͓̞͎̭̥̮͕̹͉̫̙̫̼̥͕̝͖͚̫̠̠̳͇̰̻̟͙̣̻̭͚̰̤̹͎̦̪̤̮͖̙̗̤͚̗̗̦͍̮̠̠͍͍͓̹̟̦̇̐̓́͒̈́̇̈̽̾̐͂̈́͋̅͛̂̓̍̓̃̎̄̒̍̉̆̏̍͋̊̈̌̒̊͌̊̉̉̿̅̊̆̑̐͌̌͛̓̈̒̊͂̑̑̅̔̂̐̅͑̿́̇͛̒͛̾̆̇̃̿̈͛͋̈̋̋̉̑̓̒̋̈̍͋̓̋̆͗͒̐̈͌̈́̇́͒̈̆̉́́͌̄̍̒̋͒̍̌̽̆̈́͋͒̆́͐̓̄͋́͊͗͛̈́̂͒̊̇̅̾̌̑̉̎̇̊̒͑͒̑̑̊̈́͆̒͒̽̾̀͐̏̆̐̇̍̔̉̉͋̃̔̌̓͒̓͗͐͊͆̈́̃͐̅̇͗̂̓̓̓͌̓͑͑͐̏̀̇͛̈́͌̎͛̈͂̈̈́͋͛͗̾͘̚͘͘̚̚͘̕̚̕͘̚̕͘̚̚͘̕̕̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅ1̷̡̡̨̧̡̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͉̪̞̬̱̜̻̬̪̫̘̦͈̺̰̼̻̟̪̫͖̦̥̞͍͖̻̤͍͙̮̤͍̲̣̘̜͙̬͚̤̗̪͉̺̟͙͎̭̮̖̪͕̤͖̦͉͚̝̠̣̼̰̰̠̮͉͈͇̮͉̰̳̘̫̲̯͙̲̣͋̈̄̆̂̌̌̋̔̐̓͋̇̽̔́̓͆͆̓̏͂̇̽͂̈́̉̄̔̏͐̿͛͋̂̇̑̒̐̋̉̏̇͋͐͐͂̌̋̑͛͒̽̈́̽̇̃̈́̏͐̈́͌͊̋̎͑̎̓̆̃̓̀̽̏̎̐̈́͆̂̾̓́̋͗̎̀̆͑̌͒͒̈́̾̍̆̀̈́̌̓͌̓̓̽̏̌̓̅̂̃̆̀̾̽͐̀̇̄̆͆̄̌͋̒̿͒́̾̈̈́̈́͋͒͗̓̔͋͊̿̂́͒̆̽̚͘̚̚̚̚̕̕̚̕̚̕̕͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅ0̴̡̧̨̧̢̢̧̨̡̛̛̮̪͓͈̭̤̮͇͍̮̰̟̯̭͕̺͈̮̬̻͓̥̙͓̬͎̥̺̬̫̤̭̝̠͉̱̺̝̮͙̲̹̫͙̙̙͈̣̳̞̭̹̫̞͎͇̜̝̩̣̥̭͔̙̱͖̰̲̼͔̺͚̲̦̖̬̫͔̙̞̳̖̖̻̣̫̹͖͉̺̮̩͚̘͔͙͒̔͆̔̌̔̄͛̉̄̀̌̽̊̎̊̊̆̓͋̋͌̓̂́̈͑̅̈́̽̊͋̈́̎͋̀͆̒̎̓̀͆͊̐̏̇̊͌͑̒̔̽̊̓̈́͛͂͂̕̕͘̕͘̚͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ0̴̢̨̧̢̡̡̧̧̢̨̧̧̧̨̢̡̡̧̨̨̡̛̛͍͚̮̼̻̬̬̞̩̙̼̩͉̲͉̲̮̮̗̮̮̱̙̼̭̺̹͉̟̫͉̯̫̰͓̲̟͎̫̖̥̮̜̟̻̥̯͖̦̺̳͇͉̙͓͇̻̗͈̟̹̯̘͇͇̦̣͓̠̘͓̬̤̳̹͉̻̩̜̫̤̯̭̮̪̳͖͔̞͍͎̗̯͇͓̬̺͈̻̹̝̲̯͓̼̮̮̱̫͈͖̥̥̺̙̲̗̼͙̲͉͈͕̣̺̦̝͕̣̙̬̬͕̥̬̰͍̯̤̩̣̘̟̟̰̝͎͈̤̟̬͕͖̹̻̮̖̺̦̬͙͓̩͇̦̱̗̳͕̯̗̙̦̤̼̺̦͚̦̗͕̙̖̝̣̳̝̜̪̺̣͍̼͖̯̥͍̱̜͔̥̥͎̻̱͓̹̠̠͇͎̬͕̲͎͚͎͍̱̙̱̞̣̬̳͖̫͉̤̲̮͙͖͓̱̟̩̟̯̣͔̤͎͔̦̓̍̈̄́̌̄̏͗̔̅̆̎̄͊͗̈́̄͆̂̏́̀̓̀̎̌͐̈́͋͗̒́̈́̈́͐́̈́̽̽̉̀̉͛̃̀͊̂̃̓̾͗̏̅̍̆̿̊͌̃͐̽̎̈͂̿͛͊̄̒̑̋̉̊̄̌͒͗͂̈́̐̔̾̾̈́̋̇͋̉̂͑̈́́̓̇̂̇͂͒̈́̃͂͒̓̃̎̓̔̈́͘̚̕͘͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅ1̴̨̡̨̧̢̨̡̨̨̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̙̹̲͙̜̙͈̝̻͚͈͈̠͎̹͙͎͙̲̫̪̩̱̥̘̪̖̺͇͓̻̩͓̘͓̹̙̝͙̫̣͇̲̣͕̗̞͓̤̩̪͇͔͓͕͙̟̝̰͍͈̹̠̹̮͚̮̞̹̖̫̼̜̣̝̞̺͖͉̣̩̤̙͍̬͓̞̘͇̣̮̘͙̠̠̳̥̘̤̭͍̯̟̫̠͙̠̹͔͖̞̣͍̮̰͖̫̰͊̽̈̋̈̇̈́̉̀̈́͗̍̍̃̊̏̽̑̍͋̊̾̾͊̈́͂͊͊͑̑̏͋̌̋̅͋͊͊̃̍̽̑̈́̓̅̈̑̿̔̐͊̇̑̿̐̋̿̌̄̊́̾̀͋́̀̽̏͗̈́̽́͛̌͒̒̒̅̔͐̿͗̅̂̿̉̃̏͛̍͂̾͌̇̌̈́͌̌͆̌̍̓̾͂̎̄̂̋̋̊̆̇̇͂͌̒̀̓̊͐͋̽̆̓̐̀̓̃̍̓̋͑̋̏̾̀͌̾̓̽̀̎͛͌̎͆̈́́̾̍͂͛͂̈́̆͑͐̀̎̋̒̆̀̏̋́͋̈́̓̈͑̓͗̓̈̈́̅͗͆̔̏̑̇̋̃̑̇̅͛̔͒̓̑͊̊̅͌̅͑̌̄̈̆̑̈͛͆͋͊̐͐̄̀̈́̿́͛̇̚̚̚͘̕̚̚̚̕͘͘̕̕̚̚͘͘̚̚͘̚͘͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅ0̷̨̢̡̡̧̧̧̧̢̡̢̧̛̛̛̩͈̥͚̤̠̫̝̪̰̰̠̣̰̳͇̥̭̪͉̼͈̳̠͇͉͉̲͇̙̺̞͈̘͎̼̪͚̗̠̮̻̠̠̣̯̬̪̘̞̱͖̙̩͈̫͍̭͉̜̻͕͓̳̞͍͖̳̹͙̱̥̞͉̣̖͍͙͇̲͇͔̺̩̣̮͖̯͍͎͓̜͖͓̱̫̳͈̰̪̼̺̫̰͖̦̦̣̰̰̫͖̖̫̭̦͕̙͖̪̳̹̞̼̪̰̤̠̠̬̘̘̓̊̓̓̾͐͌͗̃̓͂̈́̏̈́̒̍̾͂̂͋̒̓̊̔͑̿̔̇̔͛̽̋̆͗̂͌̈́̀̉̿̒̓̃̈͑̈́̈́̈́͆̿͐̒̍͋̾̈̾̔͌͆̈̃͊̌̋̌̏̆͑̊͂̽͗̆̌͑̑̌̈̎̄͆̐͂̎͗̈́̉̿̇̄̈̄̀̄̉͌͂̿̈́̈͂͒̈̈́͒̒̄̊͊̊̃͗̏̌̃̏̈́͋͆̈̍̅͐̍͐̏̌̆̔̂̄͗̈́̽̍̐̀̉̄̍̃̉̑͑̎̆͆̃͂̄̓͋̾́̒̓̓̑͊́̾̍̅̽̓̓͛͆̀̆̾̇̌̈́͌͐͑̉͐͑͛̇̽͛̂̈͑͐̈́̿̿͐͆̋̾̔̈́̐͛̑͋̄̓͆̀͂́̊̉͗͘̕̚̕̚̚̚̕̕͘̕͘̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̨̧̧̡̧̡̢̡̨̡̨̡̨̨̢̢̨̨̢̡̢̡̢̨̢̡̛̛̛̩͈̖̲̭̻͕̘̲̺̪̼̱͉͈̱̯̩̲͔͚̣͖͇̩̬̙̘̰̺̼̰̖͓̺̳̼̰̼͍̱̱̝̭̹̳͕̱̞͉̙͍̹̜̞͚̲̩̺̙̝̱̼̖͇̹͕̙̗̟̲͈̞̟̺̫͉̱̪͚̰̟̘̩̪̙͕̼͓͕̪̤̯̞̦̰͔̖̻̗̩̜̞͈͉̼͇͙̰̯̜̱̦͖͎͈̺̗̱͙̦̞͓͖̟̫͉̠̰͕̝͕̣̲͎̰̘̩̘͚̫͕͉̩̹̟̟̖̼̠̬̥͕͉̗̳̹̱̮̳̯͍̼̙̖̘̝̣͈̤̲̮̼̬̭̼͚̬̫̼̱͖̦͓͎̩̝͚͎͕̙̤̱̤̝̤̩̼̭̫̬̘̘̞̤̪͓̳͎͔̳̟̖̳̪͖͖̦̙̥̖̥̻̣͕̭̹͉̬̞̥̫͓͍̣̣̫͉̻̺͙̰͒̐̿̈́͗͌̂̽͂͑̂̒̊͌̂͐͗̉͋͗͗̔͌̑̓̔̾̌̐́̋̿̓͑̌̇͛̃̈́̿̿͂̿͐̊̅͗͊̂͋̿͐̈̂͑̎͌̆̇̂̊̀̋͗̆̔͒̒̾̋͂̎̇̍͛̎͒̉̐̎͆̄̿̈́́̂͑̓̑̏̐̽̿̈́̃̾́͘̚̚͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ0̵̢̛̼̭̳̮̪͙̳̪͇̲̜̈́̉̊͋̐͋̾̾̅͛̅̍̽̔̐̍̒̏͌̀̄̄͌́̿̂̌̾̋̉͑̓͆̀̉̃͛̎͗̓͆̄̾̈́̿͗̍͒̑͌̿̅̒̈́̾̌̉̿͊̔̔̎̓̾̑̋͌͒̍̀̽͑͋̌͋̏̎̍͗̚̕͘̕̚̕̚̚͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝1̷̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̥̱̘̖̥̠͓͕̬͍̪̠͔̜̤͚̣͖͎̮͉̞̻̬̥͎̤͇̖̼̔̽͊̍̂̈̀͋̅͐͊̋͛̇̑̃̅̽̆̑̃̇͗̈́̽̓̊͊̇̽̓̈́̇͑̆̉̆͊͋̊̿͌̉̓̄̈̄͂͒͊͋͊͛̓̆̑̈́̓̎̐̄̎̇́̎͐͑̔̋̍̀̅͋̒̐̀̒͌̌̃̌̀̇̎͊͊̿̀͂̀̓̓̐͂͗̅͌̍̍̊̒͑̒̑͗̏̒̽̂̈́̔͛̀͗͗͌͋͐̏͗͗̑͒͐̎͑͂̌̄̑͒́̔̾̌͌̃̏̍̈́̀̏̉̈́͆̑̋̊̋̄̈͐͗͑̈́̃̓̅̏̅̇̊̏͒̄̓̓̂̌̚̚̚̚̚̚̚̕̕̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠0̶̡̨̡̡̛̛̛̛͎͙̥͓̞̩̹̩̪͈̣̦̮̜͓̟͔̱̱̱̳͍̠͙̪̩͎̮̽̊̑̓̃͊͂̓͐̋̐́͋̈́̔̍͗̋̇̿̒̽̈̔̃͑͋̎͑̓͑̒̈́͂̀̍̎̉̈͂̎͋̌̓́̔̅̑̓͆́̉̂̑͐̄̎̉̃͌͊̾̒̈́̾̅̔͘̚̚̕̕͘̚̕͝͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅ1̴̢̢̗̤̱͇͖̩͕̦͇̺͓̫͍͔̱̮̺̺̩͓͕͙̺̙̼̪͚̺͇̼̜̘̥̜͕͈̭̱͕̮͇̺̽̆̒͒̃̈́̀̒͛͗͂̎̄̇͒̈́͒͌̿̆̔͐̋̂̈́͒̈́̉̋̔̓͊̌̄͑͌͗͋̈́̓̆̊̆̓̓̀̏̑̈́̇͐̒̆̿̈́̉͐͂̅̏́̂̏͛̈́̽̈́̊̎̒̓̍̽̊͂̓̌̽͑̐͌́͑̎̈́̋̒͂̃̓̄͛̉̋̐͐̏͛̎̄̇̑̅͑̈͗̎̇͂̈͑̈̍̋̍͌͌̋̽͆̏̃̓̈́̍̍͐̾͒̏͑̒̆̑͋̓̿̈́͆̑̒̿̈̈́̑̆͊̓̈́̀̄̏̃̑̋͊͛͘̚͘͘͘͘̚͘͘̕͘͘͘̕͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅ0̴̡̨̡̡̢̢̛̛̛̮̼̳̱̭̭̣͔̥͍̺̺̟͚̗̙̖̦̪̰̮͓͕͖̣͉̟͚̣̹͙̖̲̭̥͙̜͚͉̮͕͓̦̭͕͇̭͇͔͔̜͙̠̪͖̪͇̭̖̤̹̥̻͖̹̦̥̟̮̹̫̫̺̭̗͕̖̬̫̹̻̣̭̱̥͇͍̟̠̗̘͕̙̫͕̼̬̮̞̘̙̦̭͖̆̏̉̽̉̑̈́̓͗͌̄͂̎́͐͆̐̉͆͗̑̐̓̇͆̽̏͊̽̏̍͆̿̈́̉͛̎̋̔͋͗̈́̄͋̓̎̈́̅̏͌̈̔̃̆́͐̇͒͌̋̇̎̃͆͛̀́́͒͌̀̾͊̏̅͊̀͋̆̃̓̓̔̇̈́̒̈́̌̒̑͊͋͂͛̉͊̔͒͌͌͂̑̃̈́͛̆̋̐̊̀̄̂̾̏͋͗̋͐̎̽̎̓͛͗̏͗̎͌̋̌̈̔̎͒͐̋̓̇͂̂͌̓̏̈̋́̈́̆͐̐̌̀̊̾͂̍͋̉̊̊̀̾̌͒̈́͗̍̈͂͛̏̾̉̇̒̆̂̂̏͋̅̿̽͂̐́͊͆̈̎͑͐̓̍̊̕̕̚̕̕̚̕̚͘̕͘̕͘̚̚̚̕͘͘͘̚͘̚̚͘͜͜͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅ0̷̧̨̨̢̧̧̛̛̛̛̳̭̞̞̜̮̫͓̞̺̙̠̜̭̼͍̺̖̟̲̘̜̟̦̹̟͖̭̱̆̍͂̾͛͆́̑͊̀̊̀͛̑̊̏̽̈́͛̏̃̆̊͑̀̾̄̀̇̏̍̋͗͆̓̆͋̈́̿̃̂͋͌͛̌̈́̈̉͂͒̑̽͐͛̅̃̀͊̿̓̇̐̈́̇̃̃̀̑̆̉͂̑̑̑͗͋̐̔̍̈͋̓͌̍́͒͋̀͛̂͒̐̆̽̋̈̔̈́̒͑̾̌͆̂͗͗̆̈́̈̊͗̈́̆͆͑͆̌͌͊̈́͌̽̔͒͑̃͆͂̏̌́̌̌́́̈́̈́̇̈͛͂͊̀̇͌̌̋͊̂̏͒͛͋̇̉̄̉̌̊̐̈́͑̎̅̄̾̎̽͂̓́̋͒̓̑̑̌̐̍͂͐̾͆̋̾̅̒͗̃͂̑͊̅̊̐̾̋̓͛̂͂̊̍̉̏̈́̋̽̄̉̋̅̾̄̾̈́̋̇͐̽͋͆̈́̾͘̕͘̚͘̚̕̚̕̚̚͘͘͘̕̚͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝1̴̧̧̨̧̢̨̢̨̨̢̨̧̨̨̧̧̢̡̧̢̧̛̘̟̺̭͉̻͉̝͖͉̻͙͍̪̥̬̻̜̺̘͍͕̫̭̦̙͇͚̺̰̤̤͉͕̺̫͖̥̯̖̭̥͈͉͉̜̗̝̥̪͈̗͓̜̻͚̥̻̙͓̭͙̳̜̠̬͚̻͖͙̖̭̱̹̮͍͖̜̩̫͔̘͓͚̗̟͓̳͕̳̭̥̪͎̤̳̙̪̜̰͕̘̞͈̦̼̻̥̼̼͚͙͓̭̞̫̫͎͎͕̖̮̱̗͍͉̩̟͚̪̯͔͈͖͎͖̱̲͎͕͍̘̱̘̹̭͉̯̘̖͙̙͕̱̞̙̓͗͊̿̑̈͑̓̌̋̿̎̉̅͛̂̀͑̈͒͌̉̊̏̋̒̌́̓̈́͆̈̾̿͆̒͛̒͌͑̑͗͆͌̄̑͌̋̓̉̉̐̑͊̊̓̌̓̒̿͊̿̑̃̈́̐̓͒͆̓͋̈̏́̍̀̀͑͘̕͘̕͘͜͜͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅ0̴̧̡̧̢̨̨̧̡̥͉̪̜̠̞͕̰̜̖͕̯̪̺̞͎̻̘̪̜͉͚̝͖͔̪͔͈̠̹̙͉͈͓̩̱̝͓͎͇̙̠͉̱̩̥̹͖̼̖̤̜͓̞̬̂̄͌͗̌̈́̑̊̑̈̌̒͂̐̓͛̃͗̈̋͜͜͜͝͝͠ͅ ̵̨̢̨̢̧̧̧̢̨̡̢̨̨̡̧̨̧̨̡̡̨̨̧̢̨̨̧̛̪̥̹͉̙̟̬͔̳̪̗̻̞̘̦̙̦̦͍͎̭͓͕̙͓̺̰̬͚̣̜̳̹͈̭̞̬͙̳̫̜̳̠̮̞̩̪̞̤̲̘͓̝̖͖̱̪̼͚̗͔̪͔̪̥͉͈̥͕̼͓̟̰͍̱̱̫͉̣̦̖͚̪̠̜̖̠̗̪̣̭̙̞͕͓̣͇͇͓̻̤̫̱̤̣̥̟̺͖͉̲̗͔͈͓̙̣͙̣͕͉̹̤̭͚̤̲̩͖̱̤͕̲͍͇̫͈̮͓͚̞͔̲̬͍͍̦̪̟͕̳̼͍̦̼̞͎̹͎̟̞͍̰͕͇̦̜̮̱̻̜̯̹͖̪̠̩̗̘̖̭̦̭̖̮̣̤͕͉̬̣̙̘̟̩̦͎̥͚͎̥͕͚̘̲̞͎̗̬͖̟̖̬̘̞̥͕͉̦͍̗͇̟̦͚͓͈̬̰̰̻̬͓̫̦̥̬̳̤̓͋͂̿̀͂͛̐͋̾̀̔̾̐̃̔̽̔̔͊͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ0̶̨̨̡̨̨̨̨̡̡̧̨̢̨̢̡̨̧̛̛̱̬͇̻̳͇̫͚̦̩̹̲̭̺̠̘̪̭̭͎͕͙̞̬̠̘̳̹̳̙̹̤̘̬̯͎̱̤̳̱̺͓̼̫̥̳͈͍̹̘̪̼͎̝̪̯̻̟͉͔̗̝͕̠̥͓̺̭̣̭̳̖̩̪̤̤̬̺͈̞̥̩̫̩̼̯̭̙̖͔̘͍͕̟̮͕̘̥̤̝̲̞̦͓̠͙͉͔̺͖̠͔̱͉͚͚̩̯͎̣͙̩̲͓͍͉̞̥̘̹̺̥̥̺̙͖̲̪̗̺̫̰͈̣͚̜̹̜̜̩̘̱͓̹̜̞͓̦̥̩̫̝̹͙̞̣̙̪̬̘̳͓̉͐͗̅̈̒̑̇͊̄̃͂̅̄͂̐̈͐̔̎̋̏͌͊̑͛̿͌̑́͆̃̆͒̀̂͆̔̾̍̾͐̒͑̆̆͊̊̽͌̔̽̑͐͆̑̑͊̽̌̌͊̂͆͊̔͒̄̂͊̋̈̍͛̿̉̓̈́̈̒̔̔̈́̀͌̏̍͊́̑͊̈̓̈̊̈͗̈́͛͑̅̉̑͋͒̓̈̌̓̈͆͑̇͋̅̔̑̈́̊̽̆͆̑̇̓̏͊̓̉̋́͋̆͑͆̋͂̋̚̚͘̚͘̕̕͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ1̷̨̨̢̡̨̨̢̨̜̥̩̳̹̳͎͕̣͍̜̥̣͉̹̗̳̼̖̱̪͍̱̗͍̗̞̖̗̰̳̯̞̮̩̠̤̺͉͇̠̝͎͈̗͎̥̘̮̘͍̣͍̳̞̰̲̙̩̖̱͙͈͖̤̬̞̟̩̙̝̱̼̟̲͈̞̮̠̟̳̼̩̪̱̬̹̼̻̯̥͎̹͈̮̺̪̙̼̰̮̺͖̟̰͓̓̈̉̅̓̓͜͜͜͜ͅͅͅ0̸̡̢̢̢̢̧̨̢̨̨̡̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̙̜̞̦̱̰͓̫̤͎̬̳͉̱̦͈̳̫͚̤̯̹̝̼̦͍̯̥͈̳̦̮͍̻͕̥̮̼̙̹͔̟̩̱̣͈͈̘̳͈͖̹̯͓͎̳̥͎͓̺̜͈̖̭̺̪̝̩̬͙̯̥̗̲̪̦̬͎͓̯̻͎̩̺̺̝̠̼̟̞͕͚̖͚̝̘̞̫̺̪͖̼̪̺͖̱̰͎̱̳͎̬̬̹͇̖͎͔̦̙͖͇̤̦̫͈͎̩͈̰̭̪͕̜̖̪̼͍̩̬̇̈́̔͑́̿́̈͆̈͆̔̿͋̋̊͊̍̆̎͆̍̉̓̔̀̋̅̈́͋̎̈̊̑́͒̈͛̒͂̇̉͒̅͂̇̀̍̌͐͆̽͛͒͌̓̀̾̍͋͑̒̓̾̏̍̈͊̃̎̒͛̄̆̒̎̀̇͐͋̆̐̃́̿̊̐̎͆̎̽͆̿̈̋̈́͒̿̐̈͆̐̂͛̌̇̐̐́͊̈́͛͊̍̈́̎͗̈̓̔̐̓͛̒̄͐͌͊̑͐̓̇̐̈͊͒̂̊͋͒̄̆̽́̓̈́̐̐̈́͋͋̌͘͘̚̕͘̚̕̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝ͅ0̵̡̢̡̡̢̡̡̡̡̢̡̡̧̨̧̨̧̨̧̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̫̩̰̺̜̘̩͈̙͍͇͎̣̝͓̖͓̗͓̫̖̻͚̬͉̬̖̪̬̱̟͓̜̮͍̱͖̰̖̰͓̰̞͙̝̼͎̫͉̖͓̞̱͎̜̭̮̻͉̩̜̞̙̗̹̲̥̫̖͍̪̦͍̺̖̟̤̤̝̞̖͔͍̻͖̤̺̭̗̜̺͕̖͕̦̫̬͔͎͖̟̮̪̣̮̜̱͇̤̬̳̤͈̰̖͖̳͇̰͍̻̜͙̗̣̱̠̥̱̗̤̝̻͙̬̻̥̹̞̜̜͈̬̤͇̩͙̭͚͍͍̬̟̤͖͎̤̜͓̺͇̻̖̩̙͕̖̝̤̞̪̖͙̭͎̰̗̗̥͖͓̮̲̟̣̞̰͔̠̰̦̭̤̻͈̣̞̯̻͖̳͈̯̝̘̦͎̩̘͓̬̺̹̰͈͚̜̭͍͍̩̪͚͉̙͔̪̦͗̓͑̽̆̐̏̑͆̇̊̉͑̉͆̾̓̆̒̿̓̈̆͛͋̉̌̽̽̋͐̈́̓͑̓̑̿͊̄͑̽̓̽̈́̽̐͆̑̂̔͐͆̉̄̄͐̊̀̅͗̿͒͆͑̊̈́̅̋̊͛̄̑̓̇͐̾̈̄̊͆̈́̇̆̂̋́̑̒̇̈̉̊̀̉̿̈́̄̽̂̐̈́̄͌̾̿̋͗͒̈̈́̐̊̿̏́̅̎͋̇̽͋̋̃̐̅̅͆͌̀̓̐̈́̐͐͌́̅̔͛͋̎̆̇͗̈͒̌̃̅̌́͌͑͋͐̏͌͆͐͗͒̌̔̈́͒̃̄̽͛̆̈́̂̕̚̚̕͘̚̚̚͘͘̕͘̕͘̚͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ1̷̨̧̡̨̨̧̧̨̧̢̢̧̡̡̢̢̧̧̡̛̛̛͓̰̞͚̪̦͈̳̫̜̳̹̥̪̺͇̰̜̳̻̝̝̻̮̖̠̳͙̺̲͙̪̥͎͚̹̜̥̖̱͎̦̹̙͕̟͈̙͖̦̖̮̗̮̣̘̳̣̮̭̪̖̦̰̺̻͇͓̰̘̮̜̞̪͈̟̬͔̖͎̲̣̮̞̹͖̤̥̩̭̤̤̪̭͔̞̮̟̳͇̣͎͕̹͈̱͕̻͉͖̳̤̝̟͓̗̣̠̦͉̩̰̯͔͇̗̻͔̤̯̣͔̻͎͙̹̣̙͖̝͇̖̖͈̹̪̫̬̟͇̩̘͍̦͉̺̰͈͙̬͖̭̹̣͚̙͔̘̙̱̯̯̜̰͓̪͓̣̣͉̺̮͙̦̹̖̲͙̙̗͇̣̱͎̹͙̘̺̳̜̠̼̦̝͍̤͉̗̼̳̟͙̹̫͎͖͓̥͙̣̝̤̰͔͚̜̼̟̬͇̠̰̺̼̼̗̞̟̬̓̉̎̾̒̉̏̑̿̄̈́̉̃͆̈́̀́͌̔̈̌̓͋̄̈́̀̅̅̓͒͋͊̓̍̅̎͗́̈́̔̆̄̊̐̎̓̉̂͆̓̑͋̐̉̀̔͗̌̈̉͐̈́̾͑̓̄̽̑͊̂̀̽̃̿̍̍̋̈́͛̚͘͘̚̕̚̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ1̶̡̡̨̡̨̨̧̨̡̡̧̨̢̧̡̢̢̢̨̢̧̙͕̹̹̳̼̰̥̦̜̼̹̹̟̞̪͓͎͙̱͖̭̲͔̜̫͇̬͕͉̹̱̪̳̟̰̩̦͙̩͍̹̳̣̼͖̩̹̤͍͉̹͙͖̲̺̠̬̯̺̳̼̤̭͕̪̟̲̯̥̯̖͖̟̺̬̲̝̟͎͇̝̜̤̹͎̙̰̠̬̫̺͔͙͓͈͚̼͖̫̱̫̖͕̲̞͚̩̭͎̤͈͚̮̺̲̞͚̩͕̦̬͖̫̯͚̹͕͖̟̩͚͔͇͙̻̳̖̲͈͖̼̙̟̤̰̞̠̼̻͈̥͓̼̜̫̞̗̲̙̤̰̟̳̝̭̙͓̳͔͚̲͈͔͙̳̹͙̗͓̳̼͕͕͔̱̯͂̽̽́́͛̇̋̅̔́͒̈́̈́̾́̈́͐̋̀͆̃̂͐̇̓̉̄̊͐̅̇̔̆̈́̅̒͛͋͂̾̈́͂͌͒̄̌̈́̏̿̈͒̾̋̓̿̄̈́̏̊̍͋̐̌̈̾̎̂̀͌̿̀̾̎̒̐̊̕͘̚̕̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ1̸̨̢̡̡̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̱̝̝̻̱̩̙̲̝̭̳͎̯̟̫̤͚̗͖̘̩̙̹̝̰͓͚͙͍̲͇̘̦̲͈̀̐͌̑̑̄̽̈̊̊͛͊͂̔́͊̈́͋̎̏̇̒͌̏͗̍̈́̊͒̿̏̆̄̒̍̅̽̑̂̀̌̓̇͑͑̿̉̒̓̉̊̈́̊̎̂͛͆̌̓̽̾͊̒̃̏̉̊͛̾́͐̑͒̍̎̇́̈́̈́̀̔̑̂̓͐͐̈́̈́̈́̽̃̍̐͛̃̆̈́̓̈́̔̽͑̓̌͑͂́͊͗͋͋̈́̎͒̒̌͌̉̂̎̽̀͋͊̍̆̒̎̅̊̊̽̒̋͗̇̈́̓͋̾̇̈̑̀̇͑́̉̈́̈́͂͒̄̒̽̃̓͆͌̋̈́̆͑̍̇͊͗͛̅̓̓͋̌̿͗̿̅̓̂̿͊̓̔̓̍͒͛͆͑̒̈̿̿̋̆͌̒̇͆̋͑̏͑̌̒͆̅̊̕̕͘̕͘͘̚̚͘͘̚̕̕̚̕͘̕͘̕͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅ1̶̡̧̢̧̨̢̨̢̢̧̧̢̧̢̡̨̢̢̧̧̢̢̡̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̙̮͔̺̤̞̜͉̥͉̯̩͖͈̘̗̞͓͔̱͕͚̝͎̯̰̗͇͎̭͇̗͇̝̮̤̪͍͍͍͚̱͇̘̲̰͓͚̯̞̰͉͇̤̲̬̣̪͙̣̹̤͚̙̳͖͇̫̫͕̗̺̝̘̩̝̪̗̼͇̺̞̣͓̼̹̘̲̲̟̗̬̹̺͓͈̜̦̗̭͍͙͈̥͍͉̣̘̭̼͎̠̝̣̮̰̳̯̻̟͉̲̲͓̫͉̙̳̗̪̹̥͎͖͙̘̱̗̣͙͍͓̞͉͖̮͈̪̰̘̼͕̲̞̫͈̟̫͎͔͙̜̰͔̞̫͚̻̦͎̗̥͓̠͈͍̠̟͇̺̟̤͚̤̦̘͉̲̪͈͙̝̯͍̤͙̰̭̦͇̞̲̠͇̱̱̹̥͈̮͉̭͇̻͙̟͎͎̪̜̬̖̈́̄͂͆̾͋̅̒͌̈̆͆̈́̉̊̆͆̊̍̿̈̿͂̍̀͒͊̒̐̔̈̾͊͗̆̈̈͗̓̾͛̅͐̇̓́̒̄͆͆̍̔͒̿̓̿͋̓̇͑̾̐̒̓̓̽̄̒̈́̆̋͋̃̓̀̃̈́̃̂̎̅̆̓̋̑̀͌̈́̃͊̾̒̾̌͆̾̓́̐̿̄̈́͐̉̈̀̏̽͌̈̃͐́̕̚͘̚̚̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ ̵̨̧̡̨̧̨̢̧̢̨̨̧̢̨̨̧̢̨̧̛̛̛̫̳̤͕̲̺͚̮̞̱̙̖̺͎̳̫̯͓̳̹͔̙̣̼̥̱̝̱̼͓̳̺̞̜̹̭̩̳̜̬̯̥̼̪͉̫̙̹̹̘̰̟͎͓̤̳̞͈͓͙̠̯̞̮̞͔̗̜̺̝̞̮͙̩̝͓̣̤̦̜͔͇̰͇̠̣̘̠͓͖̱͇͈̞͙̦̳̮̤̦̺̩̲̩̯̭̻͚̖̻̦̦͖̹̰̞̲̗̖̦̹̪̭͖͚͔̬̥̭̳̰͓̲̦̥̤̬̪̖̞͕̠̺̥̠̲͙̘̲̼͙̗̹̩̎̓̅̌͒̍̃͌̐̓͗̑̑̉̄̍̿͋̎̈́͗̎̍̄̋͗̏̉̍͗̃̒̽̽͛̒̀̏͐̾͒̓͋̂͒̅͑̒̆̾̿̇͌̽͌̾̽̎͂̀̑̔̑̈́̂̊̍̓̐̉̅̔̈̀̂̈́̕̚͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅ0̵̢̡̢̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̤͈̝̬̻̜̪̻͇̭͍͈̙͈̪͍̦̯͖̱͓̠̪̼̠̠̜̼͈͚̜̤͚̘̭̠̤̼͈̹̘̼̠̤͚̮͓̳͎͉͔͈̤̝͉͕͙̖̯̖̻̞̜̬̈́̉͆͑͑̈́͆͒̃̂̾͌̆͊͑͑̈́̾̓̄̄̌͊̊̃̽̆̔̎̊͐̏͐̂̂͋͆͐̌̂̿̿̑̉̒͑̍͑̄̅̇͊͂̐̋̿̍̿̃̒̿̒̄̌̊̽̆̊̀͂͗̔͐̀͑͌̒̃͐̈͌̉̈͊̈́͆̾͆̏̓͊̽̆̐̄̿͂̊̈́͆̑̂̔̈́̐̌̌̎͊̈́̇̊̅̄̓̒̈́̅̆̑̈́̚͘̚͘̕̕̕̚̕͘͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅ1̵̨̨̧̡̢̧̡̧̧̧̡̧̨̡̧̦̣̬̘͖̼̞̬̠̼̳̗̱͉̱͓̹̬̻̟͍͖̖͙͈͖͎̥̦̩̠͍̗̺͔̠͚͓̫̳̮̯̭͎̱̰͎̬̞̼͈̗͉̳̰͕̩̟̤̫̱̹̺̟̲̺̲̪̼͖͖̟̗͎̰͉̗̘̠̜̥̗̖̱̹̩̥̟̥͙̹͖̪̪̣̤̟̱͖̹͔͔̺͓̩͚̘̼̬̬̘̰̱͖̙̯̪͔͕̙͍͕̣̫͍̥͈̣̖̤͔̜͎̯̞̙̯̩̓̉͗̈̔̂̒̃͛̔̀̈́̋̊͆̋̒̋̊̄̑͘̕͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ0̸̧̢̧̨̧̧̨̡̢̢̢̡̢̨̧̢̡̢̢̨̡̡̨̡̛̭͙͖̟̰̱̰͕̥͚̳̮̖͚͔̳̥̮̲̺̺̺͉̺̖̠̩̝̩͇̞̤̜͓͕̣̬̫̪̪̖̥̦̟̩̹̥̲̦̝̰̮̝͓̻̼̼̞͙͓̰̞̰̼͕̥̣͍̰̩̯̱͓͕̺̟͎̖̖̦͍̖̱̮̰̘͎͔̼̩̰̠͔̣̖̻̻̼̱̜̮̜̫̘̱͖̠̬̱̞͓̳͈͉͓̬̦͕͉̼̭̫͍̥̪͖͌̎̔̋̾̐̈́̎̊̓͂͛̊̇̏̋̏̓̍̓́͌̌͛̕͜͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅ1̵̡̛̛̝͚̫͔̃̋͑̂̇̿̉̿̂̈́̌̽̏̅̓̓̆̆͌̓̑̓̎͒͑̒͐̆̓̋̿̏͗̃͑͆̓͒̿̓͛̈́̍̇̌͆̓̏̂̉͗̀͆̓̋͂̌͑͌͛̾͂̈̇͆͂̑̈́͒̅̏́̇͊̓͂̈̒̈́̔͑͊̿̇͆̉̋͋̑͐͑̌̑͆̋̍̈͒̑̂̉̋̔̌̆̈́͋͌͗̉̿̓́̎̇̾̂̍̐̈́̇̏̓̒͛̈́͊͌͂́̔͆̎͆͗̏̋̉̐͂̾̍̃̔̄̓͂̅͗̓͌̈́̈́͋͂́̏̂̓̈́̌̏̽̌͑̋̓̍̂̔́͂̑̈̌̊̄͌͂̏̊̂̕͘̕̚̚̚̚̚͘̕̕̚̕̕͘̚͘̚͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝0̶̡̡̧̨̢̨̧̡̨̛̛̛̛͖̯̯͈̻͎͔͚̝͔͚̳̘̪̮̭̯̬͎͈͈̤͕̥̤͓͎͇͈̥̣͚̼͍̗̞̝̼̼̠̙̺̹̹̠̖̰̭̮̜̏̽̅͒͑̒͐̆̽̆̈̂̈̽̔͋̈̒͂̌̈́̄̌̋͒̀̽̇̋̃͊͑̀̋̆̔̈́̓͐̅̉͒̊͛̽͐̃̄̎̄̃̊̏͗͊̒̐̋̾̔̋̃̉̽͐̊̆̔̓̓̇̇́̀͗̓̈́̅̑̃͒̿͂̈́̎͛̓̆̍̾́̈́͌̂̅̇̆̅̓͑͑̈́̈͛̽̐̈́̇̓̿̆̍̉̃́͗̑͗̇̐̿͆̿̈́̇̾̑̕̚͘̕̚̕̕̕̕̕͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅ0̷̡̨̨̧̡̢̧̨̨̨̡̢̡̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̩̬̞̹͖͕̮̰̹̥̗͉̗̳̲̞͉͔͚͖̝̺͍̩̖̘̳̩̠̯̺̤̙͕͖͕̫̮̭͓̲͈̳̮̖̥̬͉͔̼̲̹͕̟̫̟͈͇̰̱̺̻̩͇̖̩͇͖̩̣̯͉͍̟͖̩̥̫͙̠͍͕̬̬̠̞͈̖̤͓̭̩̼̹̝͇̯̫̯͉̝̤͖͉̳͈̬̓͌̅̌̏̊̿̾͐̋͋͑͑̃̍͐̿͊͛͆̊͂̔̐̔̋̔̐̒̑́̂̅̇̂̅̾̓̋̇̑̌̈́͑̏̈́̀̐̃̿̊͐̇̈́̐͗̂̾̏͊̓̽́͒̎̎͐̆̂̌̑͛͗̋̃̊̇͐̆͆͛̇̀̈́͐̇̄̆̓̀̍̾͗́̒̅͊̈́̈́̽͋͆̎̋̍͂̋͌̒̑̽̈́̅̓͒͐̀͂̔̌͌́̈́̏̇͒̎̎̐͌̉͋̂̈́́̔̓̏̔̇̇͋̄̐̑͆̅̎̇̋̀̂̀̾̇̒͑͂͌̇̂̿̇̾̓͐̉͗͋̔̾͒̐͐͒̓̈́̓̓̈́͐̃̔̾̓̂̓̃̏̆̋̒͂̎̌̉̊̇̈͌͐̌͂͒̍̽̃̏̏̐̃͛̉͑̂͐͐̀̕̚̕̚͘͘̚͘͘̚̚͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅ1̶̨̧̧̧̢̢̨̢̢̧̢̡̢̢̢̢̢̨̢̧̧̧̡̜̞̼̬̯̮͙͓̗̙͙͈̭͖̦͖̖̖͕̞͎̪͖̼͈̥͇̘͕̟͈͉͖͍̝͖͚̗͈͉͈̰̪̣̖̙͇̼̬̪̗̘͎̜͎͉̜̞͎̘͓̲̬͔̜̤͖̞͕̦̯̠̜̤̞͔̼̬̩̻͙̝͙̬͈̭̗̪̭͖̪̞̜͓̞̩̮͓̬̗͈͚̱̺͕̳̣̮̱̜̥͙̘͎̮̻͎̹̣̟̜͔̙̥͕̳͙͓̞̥̦̜͔͉͓̜̠̺̞͔̥̙̘̮̻̝̙̻̖̻͎̗͕̫͔͎̦̟̖̰̜̱̹̖̟̞͚̣̯̥̣̲̭̲̼̲͈͙̦̰͖͎͈̬͖͓͎̰̤̩͙̞̝̯͚̫̠͍̹̺̺̫̞͖͎̫͕̳̰̭̰̭̖̞̦͚͔͙͎͙̬̺͙̪͈͔̹̻̬̖͎̯̤̘̖͍̼̖͖̼͖̬̂͆͌̐͂̇̇̒̏̓͑͋̂̾͌̅̎͆͌̃̎̆̌̈́̈̅͊͒̓͂̅͂̽͛͊̑̉̿̉́͑̽̓̿̓̈́̕̚͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅ0̴̡̧̧̨̧̨̢̨̢̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͇̻͕̜͚̻͖̹̩̰̲̬̠̠̪̮̗̙̳͉̗͔͈̠͙̼̳͉̦͚͈͓͔͔̠̲̮̰̥͔̘̘̻̙͓̟̤̹͙̳̰̮̯͙̣̺̥̺͕͇̠̭̝̦̩̱̭̱͕̮̰̼͎͍͚̲͓̳̤̜̘͉̜̳̠̭̳͕͉͎̫̤̪̦̹̠̰͉̘̯̳͎̣̳̮͓̫̜̪͍͉̳̹͎͕͎̤͈͖͚̤͎̙̬̩͈̙̼͈͚͙̘̓͊̽̓̓̓͛̈́͋̑̓̐̑̓̈́̈́̎̆̽̄̄̈́̌̓̆͋͗̈́̏̊̉̇̄̈̐̓̈́͛̓͋̈́̅̅͋̎̂͊̊̎̄̍̋̒̊̒̀̔̾͌͒͂͐̒͛͆͋͒̓͛̂̔̏͐͗̎̐̅̍̋̔́̇̑̔̏̋̆̈́͛̍̆͑̐̈̅̌̑̿̅̈́̓͂̊͆̈́̉̿̿͒̒̔̿͂̉̑̍̎̂͋͂́͊̔͒̎̈́̐͐͋͊̉͌̍̐͊͑̐̽̀̈̉̓͑̈́̀̊̋̅͗̒̍͂̃͌͆́̓̾͆̒̃̚̚̕͘̕͘͘̕̚̕̚͘͜͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅ
"Trust me Romanoff, it's will not, and no amount of threats or trickery will get me to tell you." He took in a deep breath, "The fact you haven't figured it out already is quite disappointing, I suppose that's why I have a job, since you all have been quite incompetent." Steve could only blink at that. They were being...insulted??? For what?! Wanting the truth??!
"Not that I have been made aware of." Tony offered, and Steve sighed and leaned back so he could fall back on his bed. "Is everything okay, Cap- Steve?" Tony asked softly, Steve looked almost sickly with sweaty sheen over his skin. He slowly started to bring the temperature down a touch, try and make Steve feel not as over heated.
Everythinnnng was spinnning......its so so so so so so so white....who made it sososososos whiiiite?
AND that's it, I'm sorry again for how long this took. It's been very busy lately. But it's out! I got the chapter done! Tell me what you think and also I have to say the only reason I am taking a break to write this during my finals is because of a comment asking me to update, I'm a sucker for comments.
"Yes, My main job is to care for anyone who comes to be my charge, if that involves hurting others in order to do so, I am allowed to do so." That was horrifying, Tony...tony didn't have any rules against harming someone.
Tony liked that present hum of his nightlight that Jarvis had snuck in for him. He loved that soft buzz that whispered all of Jarvis' adoration when the circuits all worked together.
Suddenly, Howard cut all the way through...it was cold....cold...when had Tony turned his head? He was facing the ground, there was red...red....it...hurt....
Steve walked forward, reaching forward and slowly pulled the doors apart. Stepping back Steve looked over at the rest as Bruce tapped his chin.
How oddly reminiscent this all was of his time stuck in that cold vast void of space. How oddly terrifying that was and how empty this situation was in comparison. How odd....it was so silent.
"It was just a simple update Ms. Romanoff, the decision to delete the law was simply to help me preform better for my wards, you." Ha! That was an answer if Tony had ever heard one. Steve cocked his head a bit to the right in thought. He furrowed his eyebrows, Tony was a bit worried especially since he had received a shock today of finding out Howard was a piece of sh-
Tony loved Peter, with all his heart, but by all the salt in him, he was going to find a way to shake this kid.
When Tony's vision slowly opened back up it wasn't to the usual sight of the arc reactor glowing. In fact it was black, but not the usual pitch darkness that sunk in his soul, but something more fuzzy like...the quality screen was bad.
"As I was saying, you have a mission, seems that Falcon and Barnes got themselves in a situation and need you to bail them out." Fury stated, "Coulson should be there about now with your briefing." he stated and without even a good bye he was gone. Tony felt a small poke and he flickered too the main door and elevator camera.
Tony couldn't help but feel somewhat excited, he knew Peter was disappointed but the gift would make Peter's day. It wasn't presented as nicely as he had before, no special silver brief case with a pop up presentation of the suit, and holograms, just a basic container in case Peter needed to hide his suit.
." Tony wished for a second he could close his eyes, could shut it all out for a second and yet he couldn't. There was constant feedback from the cameras and then the internet, and that constant buzz of electricity. Luckily the other him could stay calmer than him. The only upside in being trapped in this dome of metal was that he didn't feel that vacuous pain, on that had made him feel as if he was trapped in that vast eternal darkness where there wasn't air and he was falling, falling, falling, falling, and there was the shield, and it was falling  down too, right on him, it was falling, falling, falli-
There was nothing...not anything, not a single thought running through Tony's head, but...where was the other T.O.N.Y.? Why was it so silent...It was dark.
"Howard wouldn't have done that! He mourned!" Steve shouted out although Tony stayed silent. Right...He only answered to Ms. Potts.
"Yes, Howard, like I said, was a paranoid man. He was frightened that someone would get inside Tony and steal all of his recordings and steal his inventions, back when Howard wasn't confident in his security system he built in. Tony never records and can't see into rooms that are blacked out, it is also for privacy." She offered picking a remote like device on her desk. "Tony, Black out mode." She offered and they watched as the lights flickered again.
And there it is, We finally get to see what happened to Rhodey and Peter! There will be more of them lol. Also thank you to everyone who commented, and supported this fic, You people are the reason I keep it up!
Slowly he had the Rumbas pick up the Arm and slowly he started to fuse it. Okay he was done... He slowly started to undo his coding by having the rumbas coming back and returning the wires to their rightful place.
"Of course Ms. Potts." He tried to amend his mistake. Pepper furrowed her brows, damn he just made her more suspicious.
"I apologize Captain Rogers it won't happen again." he offered and his vision flickered away again to land on Bruce passed out over his desk in his lab, a pen still in his hand and his fingers twitching as if even in his sleep he was trying to write down his findings. That same warmth was suddenly flooding Tony again.
Tony was asleep when something pressed into his face: a pillow. He struggled when Howard pushed the pillow into his face and sat on his chest, he was young and small and couldn't do anything against his own father as he smothered him.
"Of course Captain." Tony quickly flickered to Natasha's room to see her asleep in her bed, she looked tensed and stiff, a nightmare most likely.
"I'm an AI." Tony offered, it wasn't like he could just say, I knew your exact measurements from an alternate timeline where you were a child recruitment. But it was good to see Peter actually protected. Tony could rest easy with that information, Peter was safe, with the right equipment he would be good, and he wouldn't be injured, he would be safe.
Bruce looked even more increasingly sick, and he was more pale than green...Bucky seemed to have frozen up and Sam was going into therapist mode. Clint looked the most fine, although still pale.
And he knew that. He did. But just because it didn't happen didn't mean it was easy to forget. It did happen, but it wasn't this Steve and Bucky, but they looked the same. It was hard to forget. The...feelings of AI him made him want to protect all of the Avengers (not that he didn't already want to), but Bucky wasn't always apart of that, but now he felt...something, a sense of duty to protect him just as much as the others.
The Doctor nodded and sat down...in air...with his legs crossed, that billowing red cape ever present in non existent wind. Steve didn't really know how to take that...
But the real question was it worth at the cost of his friends' happiness? Of Peter's? Of Rhodey's mobility? Of Steve's happiness?
Entering in the name Tony Stark was his first plan, fuck, if he was a robot- an AI wouldn't there be nothing? Tony felt that same fear hit his insides, almost making him feel chilled, as he hit enter.
"Of Course Mr. Tony!" and already jumping up, regrabbing his backpack and getting to swinging, Tony's vision now blurry completely, "Mr. Tony, how long have you been in my phone?"
"Did I say this was the time for questions?" Strange raised an eyebrow, and Steve furrowed his eyebrows in response, but everyone went quiet.
"Ms. Potts, let's calm down." Her hands were slightly burned. Steve didn't know what to do, Tony was what made the Avenger's tower work, he's what made the Avengers work. They needed him, and Steve needed to know what Howard did. He needed to know.
"Yes Mr. Wilson, it is unfortunate, I will be undergoing multiple procedures and updates to make sure my systems will never be breached again." He offers, just take the excuse, please, please, he was terrified of being, well, unplugged. He was remembering the portal, how dark and cold it had been, but this was worse...so much worse it would be just nothing, he'd be...nothing. Tony couldn't handle that. He couldn't help the fear and cold that felt like it was sinking into his bones...if he had those.
Please let me know what you think, this was the first time ever having to write someone other than Tony and Steve, and Peter was a challenge. Also if there is any mistakes, I am so sorry, I am writing this at 4 am, and honestly I should be sleeping.
Know what? What was he not getting? He felt so lost and confused. Turning to his clock on his night stand he could see it read 3 in the morning, he still had 2 hours to sleep. He needed to rest, but he felt so tired, and a feeling of a headache was starting in the back of his eyes. He needed to just close his eyes and hope. Sleep wasn't nearly as elusive this time. He quickly fell into another dream. There was those eyes again, those warm brown eyes, they reminded him of Peggy, determined. He can hear a voice, the voice, laughing. He can't see all of the man's face, it was blurred, clouded as if Steve's eyes were steamed up. But the man is being helped by a Big green....the hulk. He can see Natasha, she was more clear. They were walking, Clint was behind them helping Natasha walk a bit, she had a...limp. He can see destruction around him, and chitauri bodies all over on the floor. This was the battle of New York....
Tony wished his head wasn't spinning, he wished his mouth wasn't so dryyy....he neever liked being hiiigh...
"And how can we trust you?" Steve asked hesitantly, he was not going to put this young...child in danger just because Steve had been stupid enough to not be suspicious.
"My name is Doctor Strange, I am the guardian of these realities now please would you be so kind as to
"Am I going to get a straight answer from you?" Natasha asked Pepper looked back at her, With his other cameras he could see her face, her eyebrows furrowed, she did that when she was thinking.
Okay, right, Tony's eyesight flickered and suddenly he was looking at the Avengers flying. Tony watched as numbers filtered through his eyesight: 55.7558° N, 37.6173° E. He quickly placed it on the directions for the Quinjet. Okay well he was not needed for the rest of this, flickering back to his coding, Tony started to delete out, he did not need this coding hindering him. Only using the names given to him, DELETE. Not having the ability to ignore errors, DELETE. Tony was getting control. He could feel the Rumbas whirl into life around him scrambling to complete his commands. He looked at the next coding, Talking about his creation, DE- Tony couldn't do it...something was stopping him...himself? He could distinctly feel that frozen fear that came when he remembered water, when he remembered Obadiah taking his arc reactor. He couldn't...he couldn't delete this code, it..it was important...really important he couldn't do it.
"Spider Man is a cool dude, and I appreciate the compliment Mr. Phone but I'm just Peter." Peter nodded to himself as if he had done something good for himself, goodness this was the future generation?
Tony was there...crumbled up into a pile of loose flesh, red bubbling from the back of his head....That was his body? His body was there....his body contorted in something that couldn't possibly be comfortable, but there was a twitch...a twitch and his body was moving....why...why was it moving?? Tony hadn't told it to move!? Tony wasn't even in there! What was going on!
"So...he was a villain?" Sam thought aloud, he turned his head away from the group and shook his head, "That doesn't sound right..." He trailed off then turned back at the group, "I don't have any of those memories you were talking about but I had a drea- well I guess a memory of a silver metal man falling. I remember landing and I see this Brunette man cradling this...guy that I feel like I have seen before, but....I told him sorry, I'm sorry that he got hurt? It...it was my fault he got hurt...He was heartbroken." Sam took in a breath through his teeth and gritted them thinking.
Tony looked down to see cold steal restraints on his wrists and ankles, he was strapped down...Tony would have to be smart about this.
March 18: Howard seems spooked by something, he seems to believe he will die soon and when he does T.O.N.Y. will be dismantled, he is setting it up for the security system to upgrade itself, set appointment with Director Fury, this could end in disaster.
Ḑ̶̨̡̡̣̤̱̻̫̼̹̟͚͔͕̜̥̪͍̲̥̘͉̟͇͙͙͙̪̟͍͈̪̻̱̹̣͔̭͇̫͇͈͒͌͂̽͛̂̈͆̑̉̎̀̐̀͂̈̒̈́̓̏͌̐͆̒̇͛̃͒̑͘̚̕͜͜͝͝͠͠͝ͅo̸̯̺̰̰͈̟̠̮̘̫͎̖͉͉͎̬̖̭͖͇͎͎̠͎̺͎͉͇̺̮̳̪͓̫͙̟̺̺͑̆̾͆̾͒̅͋̋̓͊͗̃̎̂̌̅̆͆̀̋͆̊̇͂͂̔̋̾̀̋̄̓̊́̈̈̑̉̇͘̕͘̕͘w̸̢̨̗͙͕͔̻̞̹̙̮̖̯̗̬̜͇̩͙̰͍̠̻͙̩͉̹͕̘̼͉͈̲͇͇̫̮͇̬̯͇͉͖̒͒̆̋͆͠ͅņ̶̠͙̿̐̅̉̍͌̉̈́̋̽̌̈́̂̚͝ľ̴̨̢̛̯̟̟̝̲̥̰̤̭̳̝̯̈́̾́̈́̐͐̉̈̽̍͆͑͋̀̆͌̅̏͗̾̍̄͊̎̓̒͒͐́̍̎̈́͋͠͝͝ợ̵̛̣̬̗̅̑̓̈́̽̉̀̉̎͐̂͊̔̈́͆̄̽͌̓̃̓̇̈́̈̿̓̒̔̓̌̒̾͂̋̆̌̒͋̕̚͝͝å̶̢̧̢̧̡͕͖̱̺͙̩̜̥͇͎̙͚͔͓͔̳͚͖̫̗̜͙̳͈̰͍̗̭̤̤̩̥̖̪͔͙̣͕̤̹͗̇̍̓̄́̄̈̔͊̇̾͒̇̌̿͊̐̋̓̑̅̒̕͝͝͠d̷̨̛̛̦͇̤̩͈̱͓͓̣͉̘̣̥̳̖͚͚̬͕̪̗̠͙̞̺̟͖̃͗́̈́͛͂́͊̎̊̿̉̆̔̎̀̒̅̀̅͂̍̏̃̔̐̆͌͒̾̄̃̈͐͋̇̆̔̈͐̚͘͜͜͝͝͝͝i̵̻̦̮̯̬̘̬͓͖̹͍͔̯̣̲̼̱͔̾͛͗̈̈̏͑̊́̓͑̚͘̕͘͝ņ̶̧̢͚͍͉̪͖̮̣̳͉̞̘̺̝̦̭̹̱̟̐͆̒͊̆̐̄̾̉̈́̓͑̿̀͛͒̾̎̕ͅͅg̷̨̮̟̠̤͈̿̐̒̓̀͋̓͑̀͂̑͑̿̿́͊̌̃̓́͒̉̄͌̂͐̓̋͑̿̄͑̑̆̇͘͘̕̚͝:̶̧̩͖̩̯̳͈͖͔̹̯̞̠̹̦̘̹̺̻̠̮̣̘̠̲̰̖̗̘͓͙͈̭̬̳͓̤̼̝͇̱̭͍̓̃͋̈́̍̉̍͐̍̈̄̎̈͌̍̍̇̑̂̽͊̈̓͆̔̆̕͘͜͝͝͝͝.̴̛̙͓̔̔̓̎͊̎̓͋̃̌͂͂̓̐̽́̽̅̈̆̽́͐͊͛̍̽̐͂̈́̄̎̄͗̉̀͘̚͝.̶̡̧̲̟̰͍͔͍̫̼͕̣̺͎̜̮̦̤͈̠̫͚͍̦̞͙͎̥̺̦͍̫͖͇̳̲̤̘̮̯͉͍̻̣̠̫̅͛̈́̆̽͑̔͒̑͐̿̋̋͗́̈̿͌͑̾͑̏̈́̌̎̈́͊̈́͊̔̉͒̿̆͌̏̈̋̏͘̚͝͝͝͝ͅ.̸̢̧̛̲̙̱̰͍̱̭̟͚͕̙̙̙̺̙͚̫̣͔̖̻̘̲͎̘̮̮̺͔͉͇̻̭͖̖̂̓̃̑̈́̇̾̈́̽̈́̓̐̓̎̀̍̏͌͐̈́̐͘̚̕̚͜͠1̸̨̢̛̺̼̭̭̰͉̱̘̮̥͓̭̣͓̣̖͕̺̘̬̘̼̦̩̜̫̦̹̞̓̋̄́̏͑̿̂͒͋͌̄͛̆͛̔͌̍͗̿̆̾͊̉̀̓̾̍̂͌̆͌͆̐͊̂̕̕̕͝͝͠͠͝5̶̟͎̹͕͗̊̒͌̋̽͛̅̏͂̓̍̌̉̈́̍̉͗͛̍̔̇́͂̌̐͆̾̌͒͗̈͘̕̚%̷̫́͌̍͆͌͗͗͂̎̈́̍͗̌̀̑̐̈͛̐̏͊̂̑́͊̽̍̓̈͊͆̒̈́̿̈́̈́̅͂̓̕͘͘̚
Dark and twisted, and wrong. Tony couldn't move couldn't feel, he was detached from the world around him but it wasn't cold...in fact it wasn't hot...it was nothing...just....floating in nothing.
But still he filled his life with shows and books of fantasy and science fiction and thought, there's still time.
Tony watched as his vision flickered and was suddenly improved dramatically, there was no longer a hint of pixels. He watched the rumbas panic and even his incredibly dumb robot arms try and follow along. That's when he noticed it.
"You said they are another world? Why are we getting the memories now?" Clint sounded out, and Steve looked over at him, right....Strange had said he had messed with the universes. But why? Why had he?
Steve didn't know what he thought, but he never...never in any of his nightmares could he imagine hurting his first friend in the future...even if that friend was just an AI.
"We can hope." She stated walking to the elevator, a man with the name tag Happy on his chest quickly let them through.
"See these wires here." Bruce told them pointing out the thick black wires lining the edges of the latch, "That implies any forceful entry causes wither a system shutdown or some kind of explosive..." Bruce brought his hand back up to tap his chin again.
"Personally I'm sick of having to clean up your mess and being your personal communicator, figure it out without me." Strange scowled out and suddenly there was another portal and he was gone before anyone could even speak another word.
"Steve...you need to see this." Natasha's voice called Steve back who instantly raced back to her side. What on earth could she have found that made her that nervous sounding. Even Clint looked on edge at hearing Natasha sound that way.
"Everything going well Tony?" Steve asked, looking genuinely interested. Tony was reminded of how Steve had reacted to his own children and Jarvis. He had always reacted as if they were real people and that had always made Tony feel better.
"I'm sorry who even is this guy!?" Clint blurted out again and Steve sucked in a sigh that so desperately wanted to escape.
"I'm here...I'm here..." Steve whispered in Tony's ear and Tony slowly lifting his own arms around Steve- not that they would be able to reach around fully- and cling onto his shirt. Tony wasn't sure when he fell asleep but by the time he woke up the rest of the Avengers were there with soft smiles, and Tony didn't know what to say, but it seemed to be a mutual understanding between everyone- there didn't need to be words- just acceptance..as a team...as a family.
"Yeah, It's a bit tight for my wings, but I could do it." Sam letting his wings half open and Steve watched as his jet pack kicked on and Sam gracefully started to hover, grabbing Natasha's hand as they disappeared into the darkness. Bruce looked sick, right....he didn't like tight spaces.
AI him was right, he knew that...but, he knew he wasn't a good man, and he couldn't stop himself from wanting to drag all of Howard's work to the ground so he could watch it burn. Even if that work included himself.
And then it got so so much worse. Tony had never felt such pain before, it was worse than when he had had his chest ripped open, it was worse than when he was slowly dying, worse than when the scarlet witch ripped his head open and pulled out things that weren't meant to moved. It was even worse than when Steve had slammed that shield into him over and over again.
"He seemed to shut down when they tug out the wires? Maybe putting them back in will work?" Steve asked softly.
Clint sighed and then glanced between Bruce and Steve, "So like...We gonna get the Big guy out oooor, Steve gonna go ape shit on the floor here?" Steve looked over at Bruce and slowly shook his head,
"Memories getting distorted...I dreamt it wasn't Thor that had stopped the nuke in the Battle for New York, but that man." Natasha whispered, "I dreamt that at a time, I was working for him, that I tricked him, that I watched him slowly let himself die." Steve hadn't gotten any of those, but that was good, that meant they might be able to piece together what was happening.
"Look I know it sounds terrible, but I did the math, I've thought about it and this is the best option, I need to make it so the Civil War never happened. You and I both know there's a great war coming and the world needs the Avengers. The Earth needs defenders, needs hero's and while I do still believe in the Accords, bringing them up before this event was maybe not the best idea. We need accountability, we need to not have free reign so that this world can stay safe, but right now there's a bigger threat on the move." Tony crossed his arms, leaning back on his table.
"So...now what?" Clint finally voiced everyone's thoughts. Natasha glanced at all her teammates in front of her and Steve could practically hear the plan forming in her head.
So Natasha knew someone, and wasn't that just good news, Steve was worried for a second, he knew absolutely nothing about technology.
"Captain help is on the way, the Quinjet has the coordinates ready and autopilot set up." He stated. Wait...but how was Tony going to fix this....he didn't have arms, hands...he knew how to fix it but...he didn't know how to fix it. Tony jumped back to his coding letting the code scroll at an intense rate, he just needed one way to work. 700 Lines and no code yet, 900, 1300, 1800, 2300, still no code! Fuck, fuck, did he have to actually call a medical!? 4000 lines nothing, 7000 lines...end. That was it....he...had no code for that...
It was then he heard the angry scream of electricity...Dad wasn't playing nice again. And sure enough there was the booming pop that followed when Dad made electricity furious.
"Okay kid, lets calm down, bring it back to earth, get on the floor, you're making a mess here, I don't want any of my roombas getting stuck in some weird gross web." Peter finally landing down, his back pack bouncing as he jumps up and down clapping.
"And this Ms. Potts should be able to fix this?" Steve asked, Natasha looked back at him as they walked through the doorways and through the lobby, her gaze intense.
"FUCK Steve! Can't you see he's in pain, Let me help!" Everyone flinched at Tony's raised voice, and there was those error screens again. Steve looked utterly terrified and nodded slowly bringing Bucky to the middle of the floor.
"What do you mean....by medical standards?" Tony whispered looking into those holes, god...they were so...
Well, there wasn't even going to be a Civil War, to think Tony was the cause of that....didn't that just fucking sting.
"This is...?" Steve asked as he looked at the computer screen, it looked to be a directory of sorts, the Stark Logo in the background.
"And how can we believe you?" Steve asked again, and the man sighed as his cape relaxed against his shoulders only slightly swung in the nonexistent breeze.
"Why aren't you hurt Anthony?" Sir walked closer grabbing Tony's hand away from the large sparks, Tony instantly missed the warmth of the electricity. Sir's eyes were dark and hungry and the electricity started to scream,
oof sorry guys, I just got my first full time job and boy has it been taking a lot of my time, so I'm sorry for how long this chapter took.
Tony slowly lifted his eyes to see the top of Steve's head, his head dropped and his body hunched. Tony had never seen Steve react this way towards him...this was...new. Tony didn't know how to handle the weight of the course hard hands on his own. Tony slowly tried to feel out his own body, right...his legs were gone. That...that was okay... Tony had made Rhodey legs, and Rhodey had lost them because of Tony, it only seemed fair Tony would have to pay the same price. Tony would gladly hold this injury if it meant everyone else ended up better.
And Tony had gotten slightly over the death of his mother, well not really, it was fucked up, his mother had not deserved that. But, Barnes...he had no choice , Barnes had been brainwashed and more controlled then anyone else.
Tony started to tug on the wires, hopelessly and terrified, his breath catching like shards of glass in his throat. He Needed the wires OUT. HE NEEDED THEM OUT.
"Sam take him out!" Natasha ordered, Steve still frozen in his spot, fingers already ripping through the frayed sheets.
With a flicker Tony's eye sight was filled with white and red. Youtube...of course Peter was on Youtube. Why wouldn't he be? That kid was in love with the camera more than Pepper loved shoes. And that was saying something. That kid was a bit of a loser, but boy did Tony care for him.
"Please calm down everyone I have set up my helpers to reattach Bucky's arm." Tony offered with what he assumed sounded like a comforting voice. Natasha pulled out her widow bites and even Steve was moving for his shield.
Thank you everyone who has kept up with this story, let me know what you think, and were you able to guess what happened?
first of all I was going to say guys you've made me turn into a terrible student as all your comments really made me have to write like crazy, and I should be doing finals, but instead I wrote out the 7th chapter but the page refreshed and I lost it all. SO I must say I have been with IT with google, windows, archive, and even geek squad, and no help I lost that whole chapter, and It was so sad. I cried a lot, but whatever just gotta get back to working, so I'm sorry if this chapter isn't that good, honestly the first write was amazing and I was so happy with it, and Idk if I'm going to be able to recreate it.
It..was weird..keeping things from the team...that wasn't Steve...he never did that and it showed in everyone's faces they were just as shocked as Steve felt....Steve had felt so...
"Okay Clint, can you move on I'm waiting for Natasha." Clint snorted, his hand waving back and forth and flapping around. Steve didn't understand what that meant and knowing Clint, it could mean anything.
Wow, I spent my whole day writing this, and I should have been working on my VFX and Coding final. I really shouldn't have said comments are my weakness, it's dangerous. ANYWAYS! I don't think I'll be able to get another chapter before finals end. Now to pull an all nighter for VFX and Modeling.
Stop interrupting! Bruce was also gone, most likely in his lab. Tony's eyes flickered into the common room where the T.V. was. And there was Clint and Natasha watching cartoons. Which left Steve...somewhere. Okay, where is he?
But this was important stuff! How would the Avengers live without looking at his face? He was gorgeous, that was something that was just a fact. Natasha looked over at Steve with such an intense gaze that bled unamused.
And now he was just stalling, he didn't want to have this conversation with Steve fucking Rogers of all people, clearly he had been caught in his lie, and he'd rather have been caught by anyone other than the Captain.
Ŵ̷̨̧̢̨̡̛̖̦̣̠͎̬̝̭̙̭̜͇̹̫͈̝͎̱̺̺͙̘͓̰͎̤͇͕̥̜̤͉͔̻͉͎̺̳̰̪̥͓͖͈̥̙̞̜̥̲̌̍͆̍͛̎̄̒͛̿̇͗͒͋̏̎̃͊̈͂̋̂̔̐̽͊̽̎̒̌̀͆͐͋̆̈́̀̿̒̈̐̎̓̽͌͐̊̎̽͊͆͌̔̿͒́̋̊̆͘̚̕͠͝͝͝͝ͅà̵̧̛̛̛̟͓̹͔͎̝̣̝̤̬̪̌̑͆̈́̀̉̏̈́̋̇͛͆̃̏͝͝͝ͅs̶̢̠̬̭͉͚̟̖̝̮̝̦̼̰̣͚̣̘̼̠͍̳͙̰̩͎̤͕͓̤̠̐͗͌̒̈̊͂͆͊̊͗̚̚͜ͅͅ ̴̡̢̨̹̣͕̜̟̮̯̹̼͈̮̞͙̦͙̤͕͍͔̙̰͙̗̹͔̩̝̮͎͕̳͎̩̝͓̫͓͔͔̗̲̦͔̩͎̤̻̄͂̿͐̀̋̏͆͆̀̒̍̆̈́̒̋̚̚͜͜͜͜͝ͅȟ̶̨̝̝̬̭̖͈͖̰͎̞̗̤̹̘̱̱̣̞̜̟̳̲̱̭̙͚̯͚̠͎͎̝̼͔ͅȩ̴̨̨̛̛̛̱͚̣̰̟̱̱͙̬͚͔̩̹͍̳̮̼͕̬͍̠̲̺͔͔͈͖̲̤̺̘͔̥̙̻̮͎̭̣͎͕̯̠̥̬͖͖̯̗̱͎̲̮̅͂̈́̍̓̓̽͂̔̆̍͐́̓̾̈́͒̈̈́͆̒̌͐̏̋̾̉̏̇̚̚͘̚͠͝͝͝͠ͅ ̴̼̱͋̅͆̐̐̃̍̋́̕̚ṕ̷̨̡̢̡̧̛̛̜̣̘͚̩̭̪̯̤̭̥̹͚̝̗͎̥͇̜̱̫̭͖̮̲̝̗̹̝̪̟͉̤̯̹̱͆̃̇̎̃͂̓͋̋̈́̔̓͛̒͛̇̈́̅̀͒̐̈̀̓̅̎̈́͌̄͗̂̀̓̈́̕̕͘̚͜l̴̢̨̨̛͉̞̻̫͔͉̠̬̦̥̻̞͕̬̰͕̲̟͉̝͉̻̱̲̹̠̺̎͌̊̈́̉̌̓̊̉̍̍͆̄̆̑̃͒̑͐̀̇͊̔̌̎̐͌͊͂͌̄͒̈́͑̎͗͊͛̽̀͋̐͗̽̄̿̑̏͐̒͒̉̈́͑̍̽͛͂̓̅͐͌́̄̈́̏̓̍͘͘̚̕̚͜͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅà̸̡̧̛̛͖̦͚̠̦̠̰͍̠̻͕͓̠̅̌͛̀̾͊̎͛̆̅͆̓̈̆̍͛̍͌͒̓̀̌̾̔͂̃̈́̋̉̉̈͘͜͝͝͝͠͝y̶̢̢̧̧̢̢̧̢̛̟̝̼̠̬̗̥̞̥͉̰̻̹̺̯̮̗͚̯̣͔͇̥͓̬̦̳̖̼̲̣̳͔̱̙͙̘̘̼̖̳͚̹̤̩͙̲̙͓͍̪͙͖͍̦̬͇̬͕͔͈̲͎̤̌͆͑̈́̋͛͑͌͛̋̊́̀̅̔̉̎͆̅͒̈́̃͑̊̋̿̍̒̽̅̇́̃͆̅͂̆̈́̈́̆͋̐̍̆̔̍͆̓̀̅͒̏̉͂͆̈́̍͆͗͐̔̕͘͘͘̚͜͝͝͠͝ͅͅi̷̡̨̡̢̛̛̛̱̘̜͉̗̪̻͚̦͉͖̖̜̞͕̦̼̮̻͕̪͇͖̟̭̦̳̠̮͎̲̳͚͙̳͚̥͚̞̥̩͈̹̯̙͔̮͍̭̖͕͇͙̺̣̟͉̗̖̫̺̳̰̞̥̻̲̜̜̲͙̫̯͚̬̖̤̺͍̯̘̩̋̈̿̄̆̅̂̈́̇̂͌̃̽͑͋͑̏̔̎̏̒̓̏͒̈̅̊̑͑̎̇̆̎̊͛̏̄̆̈́̋̒̑̌̍͑͘̚͜͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅn̶̨̡̨̧̧̛̻̤͍̪̻̘̼͔͇͚̣̹̙̦̳̫͉͍͉̮̝͍̲͙̻̱̖͕͕̦̘̰̦̟̒̀̈́̐̈́͋̔̂̆̈́̐̊́͋͌̇̋̕͜͝ͅģ̸̢̡̠͈̦̲̮̩̳̻̱̪̠͇̘̞̤̫̥̘͔͓̻̟̤̹̠͙̙̝̠̺̖̽̿̍̔̆̐͋͂͐͐̍̅̓͒̈́͛̈̍͆̀̐̏̿͐̽̅͋́̇̓̉̀͆̑͑͗̋̓̐̍͒́̾̚͠͠͝͠ͅ ̵̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̫͎͕͍̯̭̪͔͕̱͓̘̖͚̺͈̞̩̼̬̩̖̼͙͚̺̯̝̣̲̳͈̄͋̎̐͛̔͆̐͐̒͑̅̈́̏̉͛̊͗̋̐̌͑̔͑́̐̌̅̽͋̌̋̓̑̐̇̃͆̓͂̋͌̉̾́̂̒̐̌̃̄̇̅̓̔̈́̀͂̿̀͗͌͋͐̍͂͘͘̕̚͜͜͠͝͠͝͝h̵̨̢̢̧̢̢̡̡̛͎̰͎͍̪̙̼̬̜̱͖̲̹̰̭͇̳̘̳̹̬̞̲͓̥̯̦̥̭͕̰̙̦͇͈̪̟̘̝̥̫̫̰̩̹̝̞͑̈̒͑̽̏̉̅͂̃̔̆̐̅̄̏͛̿̈́͛́̿͆̐̽͛̑́̿̂͊̊̅̓̆͗̀͒̾̍̓̅̈́́̾̆̽̾̐̊̄͛̓̈́̓͆̈́͒́͗̇̌͛͌̋̚̚̚̕͘͘̕͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅi̴̡̨̢̡̨̛̭̬̘̟̳͎̺̖̮̪̦̬̫̖̲̝̙̪͔̥̭͚̫̟̝͙̣̺̙̬̲̍̍̐̐̂̈́̓̈́̐͘͜͝͝ḍ̸̢̧̨̡̨̢̧̛̛̱͕̘̻̣̮̺͉͈̬̪̙̰̞͖͎͇͙͈̜̻̖͙̘̜͕̝̥̫̙̝̖̖̜̱̘̻̞̝̟̘̪̱̱̙̣͓̠̣̱̟͈͚͖̗̰̤̃͂͋̈́̄̆̾̓̏̒͆̋̅͋̓̈́̐͆̅̒͆͛͛͊͌͑̔͂͆̓́̓͐͐̓̅̈́̋̾̽͂̚̚̚̚͘͜͜͜͠͝ͅe̵̠̖̰̯̩̝̞͎̟̺̣̰͚̩̤̜͚͓̝͓̋ ̶̧̨̢̛̛͔̦̬̮̟͎̜̙̼̮̩̻̜̮̖͉̦̠͉̺̹͔̥̖̟̜̼͇̘̗͎̜̘͈̣̥̯̞̤̮͋̄̒͆̉̽̾̃̓̎̑̓̔͗̋̍̌̑͋̂͌̈͊̽̆͋̎͂̑̌͗̉̈́̕͜͝͠ą̶̨̡̢̛̙̹̯͈̻̫̟̮̻̱̳̼̦͈̠̹͔̘̮̳̝͖̦̳̹̦̟̟͚̻͙̠̰̼̯͉̱͎͇̜̤̫͍̦͚͇̙̝̮̘͕̖͓̞̯̙͎̹̪̳̗̳̣̜̖̺̙̟͓͕͉̪͍̱̝̰̤̣̺͖͓̿̍͗̑͑́̄̿̔͒̊̾̎̍̓̓́̓̉̈͆̑̃̈́̏͗́̅̅̈́͆͗̅̋͂͂͑̐̊̑͊̈́̾̉̃̔̿͑̿͗̀̄̒͌̍͌̂͋͐̈́͆̀̍́̈́̓̉̏̂̽̿̎͘͘̕̚̚̕͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͝n̸̡̢̢̢̢̢̛͖͖̙̟͚̲͕͚͈̫̰̱̪̦̪̳̬̙͈̣̝̟̙͔̳̝͉̯̯̳̩̣̪͓̝̳̖͓̟̩̝̥͔̼͈̞̠̪̳̬̯̜͉͇̻͈̙͕̙̺̲̫̦̝͙̪̪̫̊͐̈̃͋͑̆̒̃̓͒̿̃͛̐͛̆̎̍̀̀͗̎͗̈͊̆̈́͆͛̍̒͆̌̑̽͂͑̄̍̔̈́͊͒͐́̇͑̄͌̇̏͋̃̒͑͂͌̾̕͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝͝d̸̺̬͉̦̗̮̭͍̰̭̭͓̜͙̬̫̻̱̭̤̹̦͇̫͔̫͉͐̔͒ ̶̧̧̨̡̧̡̨̛͙̫͇͖̱͖̫͔̪͕̹͉͎̙̯̜̯̹͓̥͙͕̝̖̰̣͍͔̘͍͕̙̲͍̺̪̭͍̝͉̱̬̘̑́̃̉͂̆̓̓̄̔̄̔̋̎̇̆́̔̄̇̊͆͗̀̓͋̄̄̽͒̈́̄̑̀̑̌̇͐̈́͒̃̇͆̇͘̕͘͘̕̚͝͠͝ͅͅg̸̨̨̧̛͔̬͓̺̰̖̙̱̱͍̪͉̦͓̱̳̯̻͕͍̭̫̗͕͎̲͍̦̰͔̥̦̥͕͐͛̉͋̈́͆͂̍̽̓̒̌̒̆͗̒̏̍̏͛̇̽́̑̎̈́̋̄̈́͛̒̄̄͐́̅̒̚͘͜͝͝͠ǫ̷̨̡̧̧̢̢̨̨̧͇͚͖̞̮͇̠̤͔͙̗̩̼͈͖̥͙͇̟̥͓̪̰̬̮͕̯̥̭̠̮̤̠̣̠̱͚̰͙̝̟̼̻͇̹̜̙̪͈̞̮̰̠̲͚͍͈͍͔̱͓̠͓̜͖͎̝̠̫͍͓͔̈́͛̊͂͛̈́̃̎̐͂̉̽̾͑̃̂̂̄͗̑̆̓̀̎̑́̃̃͊̋̍͒̈́̅̾̈͒͛͐̈̽͐͑̄̍̿͆͛̾̓̅̽̈́̈́̋̽̈́͒̐̈́͑̑̽̋͒͊͛̉̒͘͘̕͘̚͘̚̕͜͜͜͠͝͠ͅͅͅ ̶̡̡̨̡͓̜͍̳̦̤̻͚̣͍̳̪̆̊̈̈̄̈̊̀̐͋͑̉͆̉̅̒̾̏̂̌̄̆̋̕̚s̴̨̧̡̛̛̪̜̣̱̝̯͕͇͇̣̬̯̠̲̗̻̠̠͙̟͚̹̙̖̰͙̙͖̪̭̞͇̹̱̠͉̜̱͖͇̯͚̹̺̦̦̩͙͙̜̜̩̫͒́̋̾͌͛͆̉̒̅͆͌́̏̀͛͆̑͑̒̿̅̽͆͊̉͒͑̉͛̍̃̈́̅̓̿̏̅̈́̒́̀́̌̑̇̋͋͆̓̉̾͂̏̒̐̎͌̂͒̾͊̾͗̊̓̈́͊͐͊̀͆̿̑̏̽̈̕̕͘͘͘͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅḙ̷̢̢̢̨̧̧̢̡̖̭̼̼̩͇̞͚̟̼̪̣͙̩͉̪͖̬̤̻͖͖̯͙̝̼̱͉̫͍͎̬̠̜̺̻͓͖̲̺̣͔̝̝̯͉͎̰̖̲̩̭̩̞̩̘̗͎͎̦̞͎̭̟̼̗͈͇͙͒́͑̐̇̀͜͜ͅͅe̸̛̗͒̋̈͒͊̅̉̀̌̂̿̓̈́̈́̈̽̆͋͑͛̅̽̑̉̌̉̓̓̇͌̐̈́̓̍̏̈́̑͛̊́͌̎̋͋̈̈͗͆̓̋̓͐̈́̉͑̔̈́̍́̊̆̉̀̂͐̓̈̾͌̂̀̚̕̚̕͘̚̕͝͝͠͠͝͠͝k̵̨̨̢̨̨̨̡̡̧̧̛̛̝͓̹̫̗̹̙͙̜͉̝͉̱̼̟̮͎̰͓̝͉̫̫͇͈̩̮̮̳̘̖̣̝̗͖̤̥̲̙͇͎͍̥͍͖̞͍̰͙̫͚͚̹̲̮̞͂͊͊̿̊̀̉̐̊͛̃̑̊̌́̒̌̑̏̓̽̐̽̾̉͐́̔̾̀͂̑̉̄̊̆̎̂̓̈́̽̅͗̽̂̽͐̀̀̾̑̋̍̀̈́́̑̊̍̈͌͒̓̿͐̑͌̋̕̚͘̕̕̕͘̚͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅ ̷̡̡̨̢̢̡̼̠͉̣̯̘͓̜̭̥̘̦̥̬͇͈̖̝̠̦̭͎̪̟̟̻̱̺͕̬̤̬̣͉̘͇͈͔͍͙͍̘̦̟̗̥̬̞̤͍̞̭̭̒̆̋̋̉͂̓̿́̋͂́͗́̈́̆̎̇͛̍̅͐̂̄͛͊̎̉̕͝͝ͅą̸̮̭̬͉̟̠̹̳̫͉̦̞̼͔̠͉̤̫̅͐̚͜ͅg̷̡̢̢̨̢̧̡̧̛̲̣̪̤͓̥̥͇͔̯̜̰̝̭̙̝͓͇͇͕͈̩̞̙͎͈̫̺̙̖̲͇͍̰͈̺͍͇̣̬̫͍̬̫̜̫̻̰̬̺͓̤͎̙̭͙̲̠̻͇̮̯̰͙͍͓͖͕͓͕̬̩̜̩̭̤͍͚͈̫̖̉͋̆̈́̏͛̆̈̐̔̐̂͛͋̉̋̊̆̾͛͑̆͊̽͌́̾̀̄͗̽̌̎̈̊̚͜͝͝ͅą̸̢̛̜̱̱̻̦̘̩̅́̌̔̈̊͌̌̂͑͌̊̾̇̍̐̂̉͆̀̓̑̿͐̈́̂̈́̋̎͐̿̒̅̃͛̎̎̃̑̃̓͗̾̾̈̔͑͂̓̔̇͊̈́̑̂̎͌̈́̀͋͊̏́̓͊̉̂͗̚̚̚̕̕̚̚̚͜͠͝i̶̢̨̡͙̤̣̩͖̮͔̞̩̞͍̹͔͎̩̩͈͙̥̫̖͍͖̦̱͕̭͔͎̦̝̠͎̝̱̞͍̟̭̗͈̼̪̫̦̖͈̩̖̜̩̜̤̯̦̙̪̟͚̪̥͐͛̍͊̆̄̾̋͋́̾̎̐͜ͅn̷̡̡̢̬̘̪͉͇̞̣̪̠̣̦̘̝̜̰̗̮̩̗͓͍͍̞̮͙͚͕̳̣̞͎͎͚͕͈̙̻̣͓̜̗̝͖͎͖̖̝̱̺̭̘̮̙͕̹͖̟̱͖̙̲͚̲̳̭͇̭̩̖̭̓́̌̉͑̂͜ͅͅ ̵̡̡̡̨̧̺͍̰̹͈̜̝̩͖͖̝̞̻̫͔̫͖̱͍͍̹̪̗̻̤̠̝͍͉̯͖͕̦͇̰͓͙̹̟͉͕͎͉͖̰̙̫̝͓͍̫͕͉̱̬͖͖̘̦̝͕̦̟̘̣̳̲̱͙̜̭̣̹̤͈̖̞̖͍͙͒̿͜͜͜ͅͅͅẅ̵̡̧̢̨̧̧̛̗̩̜̬̙̖̱̞̳̯͈̭̝̩̪̼̱̙̼̻͓̥͕̗̼̞͚̰̖̘̞͖̙̥̬̦̙̥̜͚̳̱͖͈͇̟̝̺̳͍̲̜̥̠̯͚͚͙̫̥̫̬͚͚́͂̈́̐̓̿͒͛̽̔̔̉͛̊͂̒̔͆͒̃̈́̍͛̍͊͂̍͒̏͑̂̈́̓̿͒̀̓̾̍̒̄͂̕̕͜͜͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅi̵̡̡̡̧̨̡̛̛̹̰͔͎̖̫̖̣̭̯̟̙͕̙̮͕̪͍̟̜̪̜͙̝͚̖̬͚̻̼̻͍̗͈̝͎͕̺̺̥͙̦͖̣̟̲͈̞̩̩̘̯͉͈͕̤͈̭͇̗̘̳͇̲̯͕͕̘̠̱̠̖̘͍̳̬͓͉̯͊̊͑̈́̌̆̃̏͆̅̇̑͌̉̈́̓͗̈̈̂͆̊͌͘͜͠͠ͅţ̶̨̢̢̡̨̨̢̢̛͔̗̘̭̗̹͚̲̗͔̺̩̜̼͙̟̯͙̻̹͎̣̥̳̟͉̟̖̱͎͓͈̯̞̗̭̖̞͙̝͓̠̖̻̞̺̗͔̲̪̣͇̤̬̮̘̼̖͈̝̞̱͑̉̌͆͒̄̎̔̊̆̓͒̃̓̅̍͐̂͊̄̿̔͐͐́͋̉̒͆̓͒̈́̄̌̐̿͆̈̊̂̔̀̽̔̽̉̎͐̂̊̂͐̏̂͛͂̓̔͆̐̉̑̍͒̚̚͘̚͘̚̚̕̚͜͜͠͝͝ͅh̴̛͙̿̈͒̒͒̈́̒̈́̋̎̃̐́͋̀͆͗̈̎̋̏́̓͌̂̽̓͛̾͌͋̍͛̋̄̿͗́̓͘͘͘͘͘͘̕͘͠͝ ̶̢̡̡̢̧̨̛̛͎͔̤͕͎̥̠͔̪̠̭͓͎͓̭͍̫͍̮͚̱̥̦̯̹͙͙̩̻͎̪̰̭̗̩͍͍̝̱͌̅͂̏̎̉̌̄̏̅̓̅̌̒͌̑̒̌͆̀͛̐̀̏̑̈͌̐̎͆͆̓̿̽̓̾̐͑̐͋̏̓͗̂͒͂̑̈́̄̽̈͆̃̏̕̚͘͜͜͠͝͝͠͠͝͝J̴̧̢̢̡̡̧̛̛̛̗͙̭̭̯͕͔͎̦̲̮̩͓̹̺̫͚͇͖̬̮͈̦͕̣̻̼̙̗̜̞̤̩̻͉͕̲̼̭̦̘̘̯̭̳̳͇͉̘̮̮͙̪̼̳̟̯̱̰͔̖̰̱̹͚̳̼͔̟̦͇͙̞͙̫̼̍̈́̽́̈́̋̏̇̃̈͐͋̒̈́̏͘̕͘͘͜͝ͅͅͅä̶̢̧̡̹̳̰̩͉̮̘̻̭͖̤͇̙̟̞̜̯͉̺̩̋́͆̊̌̇̇͆̓̀̇̽̌̽̔̾̕̕͘̕͝ṛ̸̡̧̢̛̳̯̦̳͓̺͙͕͕͖̮̯̞̳̗̖̙̼̺̹̲̙̺̦̹̳̜̭̪͚̹̼͎͓̮̩͗̋̓͐̄̈̈̄̆͊͆͂͛̅̇̌̑̆̎̓̂̅̂͗̂̈̾̈́̍̎̈́̔̓̊̒̉́̉̽͗̈́̀̓̉̋͌̍͋̅̋̒͋̔̽͌͘̕̚̕͘͜͝͠͝v̴̭͉̣̣̦̞͍̲͈͙̱͖̯̝̪̊͊̉̏̎̃͋̒̈́̓̾̆́̂͂͋͑̆͘̚̚̚į̶̛͎̖̯͉͚̟͉͉̜̮͉̯͙͍̟̞̠̤̪̦̺̻̪͔͙̤̓̆̏̈̀̾̋̐̄͋͛̈́̿̾̐̇̍̇̾̎̽̐̈̊̽̉͛̓͗͑͊́̐̂̏̊͂̈́͊̂͆̃̽͌̄̈́̃̕͘̕̚͠͝ş̶̢̨̢̹̮̗̟͎̲͇̭͎͇̪̳̦̭͕͈͍͈̫̠͉̮̪̩̱̪̭̮̬̼̗͖̳͕̤͉͖͍̩͉̞̬͕̯̝̭͔͇̦̪̤͉̭̫͕͍̣̬̖̤̼̦̫̺̪͉̻̱̜͙̮̺̼͈͂͐̈͜ͅ?
"We need to call Ms. Potts." Natasha told them both, "She's the head of Stark Industries and the last person who knows how to deal with Tony." Steve furrowed his eyebrows.
Tony felt the poke, and heard the elevator door slide open and the Avengers were coming down to the lab. Perfect! Tony flickered to the elevator camera.
And Howard asked so sweetly for Tony to create such a battery, to be 'small enough to sit on someone's chest' he said...that was the second warning.
"You're undercover name..." Clint tried, and he said, "I have a memory of when I was watching Thor, but this time you weren't with me....I remember Phil telling me that you were working undercover..."
Tony's Dad didnt like electricity and the feeling was mutual, Tony had seen the electricity zap at Father's fingers, nipped and bite.
When sleep overcame him, he started to see that dream again. The Robot, the machine, the weapon was attacking Bucky again. His body was blurred in the fast movement but the red, so much red, and he can see Bucky's arm is gone, it's on the floor, destroyed, and the glow from the eyes seem emotionless, the face of the monster is completely frozen in his machinery. There was a glow in his chest, and it was surrounded in red again. That had to be Bucky's blood. This...Thing...wasn't stopping, it was killing Bucky. Steve was not going to let that happen. He wasn't going to lose Bucky again. He can feel the cold metal of his shield in his hand, and he's fighting. He can see the monster trying to fight back but Steve is stronger, and suddenly they are on the floor. The phrase 'so was I' running through his head constantly.
"Steve...You think...Stark men are made of iron, means literally?" Natasha asked looking up horrified, but Steve never answered, as the elevator doors opened revealing the familiar dome sight of Tony. Steve walked into room with purpose, there was...debris everywhere...as if..someone had been making something in here. There was also an empty brief case open on a table to the side. What...had happened in here? Natasha also walked out cautiously. She eyed everything her hand landing on her hip, probably getting ready for an attack if it came.
Okay...ouch, right,Tony didn't know about all that and well, right...Peter did literally witness him getting cracked open like an egg.
And yet...this being inside, wasn't letting him have control, wasn't giving up, why not? Why couldn't he get rid of it? It didn't make sense. It was harmful-a virus-and Intruder.
Thank you again to everyone who has stuck with this story! Its been really fun, and we are so so close to ending, just about 2 more chapters and this is all over.
The voice that echoed in Tony's mind wasnt ths staticy robotic voice he was used to hearing from the AI but actually his own... and he could...he could see.
Tony stood up from the white nothingness, towering over the bloody broken copy of him. Fuck, this was wrong.
"That's impossible, Tony can't get hacked, he has protocols in place, the minute someone tries to get inside he shuts himself down" Pepper explained, well fuck he knew that, he had seen it in his coding earlier. What was he going to do now. He needed a back up plan now. He watched Natasha glanced back at Steve and Clint when Steve stepped forward.
Natasha looked even more concerned when next she whispers, "But no matter how hard I try...I don't remember Bruce being there." Steve dragged his eyes over to Bruce and Bruce nodded.
"Just wait and see kid...you're almost there." Peter landed on the side of the Tower, and luckily for him Tony had made sure not to set off the alarms, Tony purposely rose the elevator to the highest floor, and unsealed the windows.
Steve couldn't think, above the screaming of Tony. It was so loud it drowned out everything Steve was thinking. And the thing is...Steve wasn't thinking...and that scream, it hurt it hurt so badly. Steve finally pulled away looking at what he had done. The dome was torn open, Steve's fingers were imprinted on the metal, and it was dark inside.
"I. DONT. CARE. DO IT." With the harsher tone, Peter finally caught on, and started nodding okay and getting ready, grabbing a backpack and stuffing, yup there it is, that horrible thing, First thing was first when he got Peter back to the Tower, burn it. Peter started heading out of the apartment, running down the steps and then picking up the phone to really look at the phone.
But that was the last straw. Steve wasn't going to wait for answers, when he could just, look. Steve pulled back his hand, and paused for a moment as his hand made a fist. He just...was so frustrated of being in the dark. So he did the one thing he was good at, he punched.
why...wh01111001 couldn't he fo01100011 01110101 01110011....something was wro01101110 01100111. His head 01101000 01110101 01110010 01110100 00001101 00001010.
I'm so sorry for how long this took, it's been a bit difficult to keep up with my life lately, and honestly it really feels like my world is just spinning to out of control for me to keep up with, so i took a break to write this and honestly it might show with how graphic it is...Plus i'm in some Halloween mood. But thank you everyone for commenting and showing support, I never plan to abandon this story, and I already have plans for more stories.
Although, Howard was quite furious that the battery was a tad to big for such a small body; Tony had built it for an adult. So of course, some of the ribcage had to go, and so it did. Tony didn't stay awake for that.
Thanks for reading and commenting and making my days so much better with giving me courage to continue this story!
And that's it! I'm sorry if I have any spelling errors I wrote this at 4 am, and not entirely sure if I caught all my mistakes. But let me know what you think! I am extremely embarrassed of my writing, but all the comments have been really making me want to continue writing and makes me feel really happy! Plus gets me writing sooner!
"Where is the fun in that Rogers." Natasha huffed out as she too flopped herself onto the couch, but with far more grace than Clint could have ever mustered.
"Bruce. We. Are. Fine." Natasha punctuated, narrowing her eyes in a way the demanded authority. Bruce's only response was to collapse back on his armchair and close his eyes, the green not fading completely away. Poor guy, and fuck....Tony, he...he had hurt Tony.
This was going to be split into two chapters, the Tony part then the Steve part, but since you waited so long I felt it was best to just combine them into one. Again I'm sorry for such a delay! This Chapter is finally leading into the bulk of the story, and we do have a ways to go, but I can say the mystery is starting to be unraveled.
Anyways, thank you for reading! I had been planning to get this out sooner, but I am actually working full time for the first time ever, and it's an actual job not just me working at a cash register. And goodness I was not prepared for it, so I'm sorry this took so long! But I'm so excited for this chapter! I have been so excited to write it for a while! I even saved to use the glitch text effect!
"I'll be attempting to be tracking the source of the intruder." Tony stated. Bruce looked unconvinced but luckily it was Bucky that saved him with another shiver and a soft whisper of Steve he was swept up and the Avengers exited...this was just a temporary fix....
"It means, are made of iron..." Natasha whispered softly, "it was one of Howard's sayings if I remember correctly..." are made of iron...are made of iron...suddenly it all dawned on Steve.
Also while the next chapter will take a while be looking forward to it since It, for the first time, will not be in Tony's point of view.
! That means! That Anthony stark! Is! Not! Dead!" Tony shouted pacing back and forth, whipping around to glare at the husk of a body next to him.
Tony didn't know Sam that well but it was quite annoying how the guy seemed to be real worried about Tony returning to his-well his prison. But T.O.N.Y. didn't deserve to sit in the darkness alone like Tony had. This was a new cave to overcome and break out of, just another cave, and Tony was not going to be beat, not when the Avengers were behind him at every step.
Everything was swirling as Tony started to get up, there was something warm and thick sliding down the side of his face, and his hand slipped a bit on something slick on the floor. He was...this was...Sir's lab?
"Of course Captain." Steve's smile was so bright if Tony had a face he was sure it would be bright red. The lights started to brighten at that, and a small error flashed across his vision, oh he was doing that?
Tony nodded at that and sighed, he knew he had his hands brought up to his eyes, but he couldn't feel it...he couldn't feel anything. Just the coldness on his back...and the pain....so much pain in his head...
But Father only listened when he was in a good mood, and that meant doing his calculus, even if the numbers kept switching on him.
But damn was this code long...about 500 lines. Sheesh was that overkill, over one error that wasn't even that important? Tony started to read the coding, seemed pretty simple and basic, but damn was it overkill. That's when he saw it, the fix to the error, an injection of a...was that a drug?? Diazepam injection...into the machine? A calming drug...what the fuck...reading farther Tony could see multiple other ways to fix the error, such as a small black out or reset. But the Diazepam injection was the weird thing...unless in someway it had an effect on the machine? Tony couldn't think how, unless...in this universe it did, damn so much was out the window.
"Wait a minute! This is the Avengers Tower! I can't go there!" Peter cried out, putting a hand to his head.
"I never said I wouldn't tell you why." Strange drawled on. Oh my god, it was like talking to a brick wall. This was more frustrating then trying to figure out what Howard had done!
He could hear the saw buzz up again, and It hurt. His body was pushed down as he felt the slice of the saw in his other thigh now,
"Mr. Barton, coffee will soon be ready in the communal Kitchen." He offered knowing how much Natasha loved her coffee despite hiding it behind her prestigious and emotionless persona. Natasha did look up at him with a raised eyebrow.
It was then when everything went dark. And all of his connection to himself was lost, this...had only happened once before.
"Pepper...is that concern I hear in your voice?" Tony couldn't help but speak, he could feel a bit of distaste in the back of his mind, but Tony was going to change that soon, if there was one thing it was that Tony knew how to be a little shit, and he was going to make sure this other him knew how too.
"I can not say." Steve hated that damn phrase, I can not say, I can not say, I can not say, all it did was make him mad, frustrated angry. What was inside, what was Howard hiding.
He was tired, but he needed to open his eyes, he could feel it, he needed to get up...he had been trying to do something, he had heard something...
Steve shook his head when Sam came back and Steve easily grabbed his hand and the elevator passed with a small whoosh and suddenly he was standing above the elevator, the ceiling being opened up, Right...time to...time to get Tony back online. Steve jumped down as Sam flew back up, and Steve walked through the open elevator doors.
This...was horrifying. Tony decided to skip ahead scrolling past a big bulk of the updates on Howard. Skipping 6 years forward to 1984
"Of course Doctor Banner." The Avengers relaxed and sat back down but Steve still kept looking at Tony but his eyes didn't seem just as blue as they had before.
Tony looked back at the kid him...he...he wasn't kid him anymore...his hair shaved and his arms and legs bloody...that hospital gown back again
"Of course, but I do have to ask..." Ms. Potts straightened herself out and smoothed her hair, "Have you reached the singularity?"
5.) Do not allow refurbishment or dismantling to occur." Tony stated coolly. Ms. Potts looked back at Natasha and Steve with a concerned look.
Tony. The Avengers were in the Dark, and he traumatized a kid. If Strange had just shown up earlier then everything would have been cleared up, Tony would still....Tony....he'd still be here....
To think even in this day an age a kid could die so young from their sickness. Steve sighed as they drove, seeing the pizza place they wanted to go to he quickly parked. Clambering out he made sure to drop his phone in the car as he watched Natasha and Clint copy his movements. Natasha then shut her door and started to walk out as she finally gave a slight now that they could talk.
"What?" Natasha asked walking closer and Steve couldn't help but follow, something was just...itching at his skin, and his mind, he needed to...he needed to understand.
And that's it, it's short but I have a lot of homework to get to and I wanted to get this posted so you all didn't have to wait to long. Also more focus on Steve this chapter, but it's important to look at before we get to the whole mystery section. Also just to look at the effects of this merged world with the other characters.
"About 10 minutes." Tony offered, "I'm not your phone, I'm far more advanced for a cracked Iphone." Tony huffed, but he knew Peter wouldn't hear it over the rushing wind, honestly thinking he was something those apple people could've made, insulting.
"It's not as simple as it sounds Stark," he whips around as Tony took a step back to avoid that mystical red cape. "Like I said there's no guarantee of the outcome and even then, you aren't alive in all those universes, in some you weren't even born, or if you are, you're different." he shouted. Tony looked down on the floor his mind spinning.
Ouch that hurt, well he had to give props for being straight to the point. Well sorry bud, I'm pretty sure we are stuck together for now, literally. Now those records?
"Steve...there is no archives. There is no video storage or anything of the sort in this software." Seeing such an expression on Natasha scared Steve senseless. What did she mean there was no storage, no archives. That didn't make sense, Tony was always recording, that was how he was able to remember things, as well as they had used his replay option before.
Suddenly Tony's eyes snapped open and the world exploded into a spectrum of whites, blinding his eyes, and scratching his corneas.
Right, Tony's eyes flickered over to Bucky and Steve. Bucky sat at the edge of his bed his head in his hands. Steve was huddled next to him his arm around Bucky's shoulders. Okay so Bucky wasn't much better. Tony could see the temperature at 76 degrees, a little too cold for either of the two soldiers. Tony slowly brought the temperature up to about 80 and up to make sure that they felt more comfortable. It was probably going to be a bad day for Bucky, and probably a recovery day for him tomorrow.
"Can you pry this door open Steve?" Bruce asked softly, tapping the elevator door..right, Getting Tony back online was what mattered most.
"No Tony, Steve. It's Steve." Okay this was new.......was this something that the Steve in this universe had? Regret? Because that was not something he had seen from his Steve.
Natasha gently sat Peter down at the edge of the bottom bed and whispered something in his ear, but the boy didn't react at all, and Natasha slowly got back up and walked back over to the Tower's side, and with a swish of the Doctor's hand the portal vanished and Steve took a deep breath.
"Steve...Why don't you step away." Steve didn't have to look to know Natasha was right at his side. Her own voice was quiet and much softer than he could ever remember it being.
"Tony, have you been acting less human then you really are?" Pepper asked softly looking just as sad as she had been in his universe, he swore he'd never make her feel that way again. He didn't know what he was...was he AI was he human...he didn't know he was this weird mix between Tony and T.O.N.Y.
He had said it was something his father had said, and his father before him, it mean they were strong. That Stark men never give up, they keep fighting. Stark men are made of iron.
This has been a wild journey and I never saw myself taking this fic this far, and all of the support has been so so amazing, Thank you everyone for all you have done!
And then they had personally told him how Howard had searched nonstop for him. How he had been brave enough to make his priority the safety of his world and finding it heroes. How he had made sure to put all his effort on finding Captain America and building an empire to protect the world with Shield and also defend America with SI.
The soft whisper of the electricity was leaving his skin...no longer comforted by the harsh buzz of the wires that ran through his chest, but from warm strong arms lifting him up....his head hurt....it
"What!? That's what you're basing all our hopes on! what if he messes up!? He could screw everything up!" Steve then leaned closer to Natasha whispering.
Those eyes...those eyes weren't his own....they were pits...pits of nothingness. No whites...just gaping holes, and Tony could see it...see it...
Howard scowled at that, as if Tony's words had given rise to a new creature within Howard, something fouler than anything Tony had seen before. Something deep and hidden away, gathering hatred like dust, waiting for it's moment to finally make it's dreams come true.
"There is a call from Director Fury." Tony announced to the team, feeling another poke in his back, he could tell that was the final poke, he could feel the rumbas calm down around his...well...his body.
He shouldn't have done that...he should've...sometimes Tony was such a waste of space and he should- Whoa...that...that didn't feel like him, well, it did, Tony always was self depreciating, that wasn't new. But...it was never so upfront. This...other him felt wrong...so wrong compared to him. Jarvis hadn't felt this way, he would've known so why..why did he feel this way?
"Maybe it was my update?" Tony tried as an answer, he was going to be vague. Natasha raised one eye brow, which for Natasha basically read as annoyed as fuck.
When he had called for Tony to talk he had wanted to find Natasha, to get started on this Howard plan but also to see if it was just him having this strange nightmares entering his sleep.
"No...I...can't I want to...but he doesn't want me to." Stop deleting things, there was a way to this, he had rules! He had rules!
"No Captain, I apologize that wasn't me, someone hacked into my system, I apologize for the door, my system went into automatic shutdown when I felt the intruder." That didn't really feel like him either, but I guess that was the new him now, not fully him all the time. Damn he shouldn't have done this, he should've called medical, he just didn't understand subtlety, or hell the word moderation-the avoidance of excess or extremes, especially in one's behavior or political opinions- thanks AI him.
And suddenly like a snap, Tony had clarity, he could feel the pounding of his heart urging him a mile a minute to run to
Hey everyone I'm so sorry for the error with last chapter, this chapter has no glitch effect, let me know if there is still an error!
"Okay kid, It's gonna be okay, I need you're help okay" Tony asked softly, he was going to get all the answers he wanted,
Returned back to Steve's room he found Steve was gone. Flickering around he finally found Steve in the common sitting room with Natasha. What was Steve planning?
And Howard wasn't going to take that away from him, Howard wasn't allowed to mold him into the perfect cookie cutter version he wanted, Tony was fire, and he wasn't going to take shit from someone beyond the grave.
"I recalled it's blue prints and schematics from Hydra." Steve glanced over to Natasha but Pepper kept firm.
Damn if he could cry he would. She was just as pretty as he remembered her. Her hair was in place just like it always was and she looked right at home in the Stark Industries CEO office. He was glad this hadn't changed, Pepper was always best as the head of SI. Tony stopped looking at Pepper to see Natasha, Clint, and Steve. Hey! What were they doing here!?
"Yeah, I forgot it for a second, but it always comes back when I think pretentious, remember that shield agent obsessed with Howard used to say it all the time." Natasha started nodding at that, as if she was remembering something, probably that shield agent. Steve didn't understand how this was helpful.
"Stark men are made of iron Natasha, I think Howard hid something in the machine!" Steve shouted as the elevator came up.
Thank you again everyone who has read this and commented and liked this story, I would have never expected anyone to like my first fic, but the fact I am getting so much support makes me want to keep writing! So thank you again to everyone who has shown support!
Natasha stepped forward, she didn't know where Spiderman had come from, or how the person had even gotten inside the tower, but judging by the way he was trying to protect Tony, it was clear Tony had kept some secrets from them.
"Please Captain we are running low on time." Tony urged, and yet again they stayed still, Tony could practically feel the incoming error screens.
"Hello Tony." Pepper stepped forward, her heels clicked on the concrete floor, it made him even more nervous. Steve and Natasha flanked her sides almost like body guards, Tony was willing to be Happy was somewhere outside looking the exact same.
OMG! I'm so sorry this took so long!! I'm in finals right now and I got so over my head in work load. My coding class is kicking my butt, and I am working so hard to finish up all my work on this game I am on, but all the other concept artists left, so It's just me working overtime.
Well encrypted or not, he had half an AI machine in his head and the other half him, so it was safe to say he was going to be able to crack it. If AI him would just give the videos to him. So he was at a standstill, how to get those videos, he'd have to find a way to bend the law. It was almost a catch 22, especially if AI him wasn't going to let him change anything in his coding. This was going to be tricky. But...if it wasn't him?
"Yes, now lets go!" Almost like a rubberband, Peter snaps back into moving, and swinging even farther.
to figure out what happened?" Tony uttered, feeling betrayed in an odd way, he couldnt even trust himself here.
Natasha tapped her lip and thought, "What's the major difference between the two, it can't be New York, since I was undercover with the Brunette man."
"Wh-Ho-Wh-HOW!?" It was about at that time when Natasha looked at Steve smugly. They had to be wrong, Clint couldn't have just gotten in.
Steve had more than just those two weird dreams that night. He had many, and each one was worse. He saw many instances were this Brown eyed man would turn into that gold and red monster that had hurt Bucky. He saw that man create a being of metal and Red and how he had seen so many fall. He saw cities leveled and saw Shield Aircrafts fall from the sky, he saw this man drink and drink and drink. And Steve knew that this cold feeling in his chest could only be hatred.
Well no, Tony knew what Howard had wanted to use him for; clearly whatever this AI him was. Tony didn't want to think about what exactly the implications of him being apart of this AI meant, it had a distinct taste of Mars Attacks.
"Yes, Alternate realities, worlds like our own, but you made different choices in that reality." Stephen confirmed, as he walked them forward, his face stoic and yet simultaneously condescending, especially with that perched eyebrow. On the other side of the spark portal was the common room...they had...teleported? Steve looked around in awe, and There was Bruce looking beyond stressed if the odd shade of green creeping onto his cheeks were anything to go by.
"Tony where are the archives?" Steve asked looking straight forward, he needed an answer before he decided to do anything.
He was safe from that, but...a reset, that was still in question. But...there wasn't a single button or any blemish on his surface. It was perfectly smooth, and no indication of a place for such a reset. Only the plugs in the back where his wires were plugged in for the cameras.
"Well look, hacked or not he's not acting...right, he needs an reset or something, how do we do it?" Clint asked as the lights flickered a bit. Ms. Potts looked increasingly more concerned the more they talked.
When Peter finally looked down at his suit, his eyes got even wider, making him spin around to look all around the suit, lifting his arms and then screeching again. Man did this kid screech a lot.
"We still don't know what, but what I assumed it was, was a new protocol to keep all of Stane's....activities secret. But...I always assumed it never took."
"Natasha! Warn me when you are popping up!" Steve couldn't help but scream out in fear, evening his breath as he went.
"Clint, your burner?" Natasha held out her hand as Clint pulled out- where was he hiding that?- a phone. He placed it in her open palm, and Natasha quickly snapped it open and started pressing a buttons. Steve turned to the waiting Clint.
01010111 01101000 01100001 01110100 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110000 01110000 0̴͇̅̀1̷̲͙̒1̵̠̓00101 01101110̵̘͎̐ ̸̙0110̶̣͚͐1001̶̤͠ ̶̭͍͂01101110 01̸̯̾10011̶̹̄̾1 00100001 00111111
"And then the actual morality of the situation, am I a-" "Kid!" "-slave owner now, keeping Mr. Phone here against his own will? What if he wan-" "KID!" "ts his own life, what if- GASP- what if he doesn't want to be Mr. Phone, how did this happen!?"
And by the time he became an adult he realized there isn't much time left, so he tried to throw himself in something else, and he thought this would sedate that lust for the fantastical.
And with Tony...supposedly getting hacked...Steve knew something was up, his whole body was alert, feeling as if he was in a battle zone while he was inside the the compound...his home. He rubbed Bucky's shoulders as he shivered his arm laying limp next to him, he hoped whatever Tony had done was enough. No one at Shield knew how the arm work, or even was made. Howard had passed before he could ever have gotten a look at it, and...no one at Shield was able to figure it out.
Steve stood up slowly, and looked around the room, as Clint also started stamping his feet, Bruce sighed and looked over to the floor next to the latch and nodded.
Well, how did you like it? For the first time we aren't with Tony and this chapter wasn't as exciting, as it was more of an exposition dump. But hey Pepper is here now! Thank you again for all the comments they really motivate me to write faster and post sooner!
'We're here to talk about Tony' Natasha spoke glancing back at Steve and Clint, Fuck, he really fucked up now. Damn even as an AI Natasha still found a way to surprise him.
"Of course not, in order to do that we would have to take him apart, and if we did that, we have no guarantee, we'd be able to put him back together again. Look I don't want to force Tony through a reset, we don't know what that could do to him, besides he's my friend, he saved my life more than once." What? That was news to him. Iron Man didn't exist in this world, how on Earth had Tony saved Pepper- Obadiah Stane had attempted to harm Ms. Potts after the files of his weapon's trafficking and embezzling was sent to her. Obadiah Stane had attempted to cover his tracks and had succeeded in killing 4 employees, he had used his security system to inform Ms. Potts where Obadiah Stane's position was to secure Ms. Potts safety, she was the only survivor of the rampage.
Tony sent 5 rumbas to hold the arm up, and then slowly the others started to rewire the machine. He watched Bucky twitch a bit, and if Tony could wince he would, he could imagine what it felt like especially since the rumbas weren't exactly  gentle, he remembered his update.
Tony could hear Strange sigh and head a soft sound of his boots gracefully gliding on....what sounded to be concrete.
"What is Ferrei sunt?" Steve couldn't help but ask, he felt out of the loop again, why did that seem so important to Natasha, it sounded like some nonsense.
Okay okay...uh...-The creation of the arms were necessary due to the fact the helpers were to small to help and do extreme heavy lifting, although due to the fact their coding is the same as the helpers they are not the best at their jobs and therefore are not suitable for use- And there it was! Tony could really get used to that feature. It was like having extreme photographic memory.
That was catch 22 though. On one hand he wants to say how awesome it is to be an AI since he felt no exhaustion and was able to work the whole night. But at the same time, he felt the never ending process of his brain running. It was frustrating, couldn't he have the ability to stay up endlessly and not have his brain feel like it was on all the damn time?
And although he did want to get a move on, it was pretty funny to watch both Ned and Peter jump at his sudden loud voice. Well  he said watch, but honestly his vision just blurred from Peter, but good, he needed to get going on his plan. He couldn't do much as an Iphone, and honestly, the Avengers were just sitting ducks, and here he was talking to two overhyped Teens that thought mad max, furry road was a
But this didn't feel like him. It did but not...fully. It felt like...he couldn't take this code out, it was to important deleting it felt like...it would ruin to much of him...so this is what the AI him felt from the other universe. Damn...this was going to be harder than what he original thought. He should've figured, he was merged into this other version of him, meaning he wasn't fully him anymore.
Steve slowly brought up his other hand up and started to look at the seams at the dome, it looked fragile enough.
But Tony's voice was always somewhat comforting, Tony was always a sign of home, and was one of the first voices Steve heard when he woke up for the first time.
And why the fuck not? I have established already that I am you, got it, anything you know I should know!  How can I help you with you fighting me at every step?!
Tony's vision shook as Peter squalked and jumped, Tony not being able to stop the laugh that fizzled out of the cracked iphone's speaker. He could almost hear the small gasp and then laugh from Peter, but it was good to hear Peter laugh, Tony loved when Peter acted like the kid he was, he deserved a happy and safe childhood. By the time Tony had sobered up they had reached a small apartment door. Peter jabbed his thumb into the buzzer and Tony wished he had a better camera to scan from, he was so limited on this....
It was odd, and a little clumsy, and while Howard had been a drunk he was usually thorough. He didn't usually make such mistakes. Man everything was a mess and Tony was sort of sick of it. Why couldn't things just work out and be clear? For once?
Just a simple switch of words honestly, it was that easy! A little too easy honestly...But Tony wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. He really needed this to work...he was
February 7: He's completed it for the most part, it runs his entire house now, and well, he reuses to give up the schematics or even the blue prints, he acts as if the are his long lost child. I think Howard has lost himself due to the grief and decided to create T.O.N.Y. to try and fix his wrongs. A security system and with his late child dying due to a kidnapping only seems like a correlation.
"No...I mean the night he came down here. I know you know which night...what did he do." Pepper interjected looking really concerned.
"But I don't understand...If...if you're just a copy a downloaded conscious of that moment, that means....we...we aren't the same? Why? Why would Strange say we were the same?"
"Well look...this dome...this metal? It has no actual wires connected to it, it's all show....There is no actual electricity running through this dome?" Bruce slowly scooted to the right and slipped through the bent metal Steve had pried open earlier. Steve slowly inched closer, it felt...so so wrong getting closer to the dome. He had done this....he had hurt Tony.
"Is he....there's no way he's alive...one his brain is open....I'm not a medical...doctor, but that can not be healthy, and the electric shocks...no way can a person survive that." Clint had a point...Steve looked closer at the man and that's when he saw it. The man's eyes were running wild beneath his lids, spiraling, he...he was dreaming.
Steve looked over Bruce's shoulder at the ground and sure enough....there was a latch in the floor with a finger print scanner on the lock...
He....he was no longer inside his dome....he was...he was alone..He had lost T.O.N.Y.-He felt so empty and alone, no more static electricity under his skin, no more polite robotic voice to keep him distracted. Tony was actually alone inside himself right now and that...that was harder to accept than the Civil War.
"I think our best bet is to try and find a way into the archives. T.O.N.Y. said that Stane had found a way to get him to reveal secrets, so all we have to do is hack in just like that. The secret archives should hold almost all the answers." Natasha answered looking up at Steve.
"Wait! Mr. Tony I have homework to do..." Tony couldn't believe what he was hearing, Peter was honestly one of the most perfect definition of Nerd.
Which admittedly was cool, but not terribly important to the current predicament, Tony felt...slow and laggy and all around like a bad IOS system, which honestly he shouldn't have been surprised seeing has his whole complex AI was trapped inside a single Chip of an Iphone, which Reminder number two, get Peter a Stark phone....if those were a thing still? They probably would be, Pepper wouldn't have let the opportunity pass to take on giants like Apple and Google.
"And honestly....wait...from your location...you're at home?" How...how was that possible? Tony was down...which meant...he knew the Avengers was on lock down. He
Bucky. Hell when he arrived on the battle he even looked around for that machine that distinctly reminded him of Doctor Doom. It seemed so much like a premonition.
"Tony there is no Medical team here." Bruce stated as he stepped out, the other Avengers following Steve in the back in protective mode over Bucky. Damn they were gonna run, well, not if Tony had a say. Tony locked the only entrance in with the elevator door. The Avengers jumped back and looked back at the door. Tony can see the errors flashing but now there was no pain, he could also see their heartbeats raise up,
"Did...did" Ms. Potts seemed to try and catch her breath, "he just...explode? Overheat?" Ms. Potts asked as Steve loosened his grip. He didn't know, he didn't know anything about machines, and Tony sounded....wrong...scared...that wasn't the sound of a machine. That was the sound of a person terrified.
It was a law....and...Tony, Tony always seemed to freak out when it came down to his laws. Natasha looked over at Steve and held his eye level. Steve had made Tony break a law....God...what was going on with him?
How was that acceptable?! Duck tape was going to do nothing against a bullet or laser....Well it didn't matter. He made the suit and he was ready to go.
"You? Remember?" Tony whispered out so shakily it stumbled out of his lips and would have been swept off in the wind if that air hadn't been so stagnant. Steve's nod was enough to cause the tears finally flow from Tony's eyes..it was surprising how liberating that was....to just cry everything out at the end.
Right. Peter's suit, he didn't have time to wallow in pity, Peter was out there running around in basically nothing and no protection at all, and Peter always found trouble, without a proper suit for protection, Peter could get seriously injured or worse die, and honestly Tony couldn't have another person dying because of him. It was too much to handle, especially if that kid is a young kid like Peter; someone so good and pure, who deserve better than they receive.
"Yeah and I don't care, Fix your hair up, and grab those abominable sweats , that you have the balls to say is a super suit, we are going out."
And that's it, it's finally over- and I just wanted to clarify- the whole moral of this fic was to accept yourself and everything that comes with it, Tony needed to learn to love himself again, and as someone who struggles with depression I wanted to display this message to others the best as I could with a side of mystery since I love it so much. A romance was never going to fic Tony's problems with himself, the only way to fix himself was to look inside and assess everything there- that is the real reason why I wanted tony split apart. Sometimes the world will twist you into pulling yourself in different directions but in the end you're still yourself, and still only human, so just believe in yourself and the good you can do.
Tony's eyesight flickered, static shuttered through his eyes and he felt it in him. The stutter of the camera coming connecting to him, his eyes, it was...uncomfortable. That brief blink of black as his vision flashed between security footage to records was enough to cause panic settle through his circuits. It was hard to tell if it was his or T.O.N.Y.'s or both of theirs. It was...complicated.
his son!?" Sam shouted out looking horrified, Natasha just raised an eyebrow in response. Steve sucked in a breath himself and did a small maybe motion and then sighed,
He had 10 minutes. Tony flickered back to the Avengers in the Quinjet, they had Bucky's arm, that was good, no start from scratch.
"Yes, Sit down, this will take a while to explain, and I don't have the patience to repeat myself." Steve swallowed and slowly sat himself down on the couch, the other Avengers following suit, except for Bruce who was already going back to that dangerous shade of green. And Clint....where was-
Also thank you everyone who commented! It was so awesome to get back into writing! You all make me so happy to keep writing even when I feel like my writing isn't the best or that I shouldn't keep up the chapters. So thank you everyone for continuing to support this story!
Tony stayed stock still and refused to answer as Steve started to walk around the hospital bed so Tony would have to face him.
When Tony's eyes flickered back to the archives, signalling the video over, he didn't know what to make of the event. Why...why was the arc reactor there? How did the AI him even see one? And why was it there? There was no Afghanistan event in this world.
It was way past his usual bed time when Steve realized that T.O.N.Y. lied to him. How had he been so...he'd been tricked. And that meant T.O.N.Y. was willing to lie. But why....
I'm sorry this took so long, I was in school and work, and I just joined a Game team so I literally do not have a lot of free time, I was able to get this in during Spring Break honestly. But thank you again to everyone who has been supporting me, and commenting and reading, you alone keep me writing this story. And again sorry for the delay!
"It's Howard's personal computer that also is the one that runs Tony. It's been left alone at Stark Industries since his death. No one has been able to access it, since it's highly guarded with security in the computer and password locked."
So Steve was his winner, but how to get this to work, anything he tried AI him would probably try and stop him. Which was already going to be a big fucking pain in his ass. Tony was going to have to work around it, he was going to have to be smart about all of this. He'd wait for Steve to be alone and then...well he'd figure it out when he got to that point.
"What do you mean? It's a law he says he can't allow his secret archives to be accessed. That means there is secret archives."
"That is not possible." Tony responded once again without emotion. Wow did AI him have as much emotions as a cardboard box. Obadiah suddenly slammed a device to his dome body, and watched as his vision started to break away at the edges. He was being hacked.
"Ready kid?" Tony asked Ned, he really couldn't handle the responsibility of one traumatized kid let alone two, he couldn't protect them all!
"As I was saying alternate realities, are worlds that start off the same as yours, but you take different choices, everytime you make a decision another you in another reality makes a different decision. Do you understand?" Doctor Strange supplied calmly like he wasn't just shattering everyone's minds.
As promised the Steve chapter! Thank you everyone again for commenting, I loved reading them all and the support has been making it much easier to write! Enjoy!
"Give me a bit of time, I'm sure it will come back to me." Clint shrugged again and digging into the fridge. "Or, I won't, it's kind of a hit and miss, don't bet on anything." he pointed at Steve, and pulled out some old take out, which was Sam's...and had been saved for this day...and Clint was already digging in. Steve should tell him to stop...but honestly dealing with that sounded like to much effort. Steve should just focus on coffee.
"Tony, Activate Protocol Honesty Is The Best Policy." Tony watched as the familiar green vision appeared. Obadiah looked ruffled, angry, just like the night he had stolen the arc reactor. "Show me the secret Archives."
Aaaaaand there was the other him again. It was weird, Tony thought he was alone here, why had it taken so long for the other Tony to step forward in his head. Things didn't add up.
"I remember the Battle of New York different" Steve blurted out, looking down at his feet. The silence was palpable, thick and heavy among the Avengers. Bruce slowly inched forward with a whisper,
Steve and Natasha both sat down, and Natasha slowly nodded and looked up and said. "Tony, Black Out Mode." And with a stutter Tony lost all contact.
"I find I'm still discovering for myself." That was the truth...he didn't know, he didn't know who he was anymore. Pepper looked back at Natasha and Steve, she seemed to falter before she turned back towards Tony.
None of you will know how much your kind words and support did for me and how much this fic meant to me, thank you all for everything you have done for me and reading this fic.
Tony tested the waters slowly, reaching out with himself, it wasn't like expanding his mind or thoughts, like some meditation bullshit, but rather spreading his arms out and legs after being crumpled up like a piece of paper.
Natasha then pushed Steve's head slightly to the right, as if to position his head in a better angle to see Clint not caring on how much of a mess he was making, and
"I was requested to merge the Universes for a better future, and I did so believing it would be the best path forward, but I was mistaken." Strange sighed in a way that spoke of regret.
"I assure you Captain everything will be okay." Tony offered feeling the final wires in place. Time to test it out. Flickering back to his coding to check over it all, yes everything was in place. He then flickered to the main camera of the Lab. He started to move- WHOA! One of the rumbas flew far off to the side, okay, so...it wasn't perfect just yet...he just needed to get used to it. Like when he was trying out the Iron Man suit.
Besides he had plans to put in place. A whole lot of plans and he needed Steve on board. But it was going to have to wait until tomorrow, when Bucky was well enough to not need Steve to be watching him like a hawk. He needed Steve alone, the more involved in the plan the more dangerous it could be. Who knows what counter measures were in place. He had seen the code, but it seemed like there was still protocols in place that Tony couldn't seen, meaning an outside source was controlling AI him remotely. Meaning he didn't have control at all in this situation, he was literally trapped.
"Even if she could? How is she supposed to get inside the building, we're in lock down." Sam retorted...he was right...they were on their own, and the one guy who could probably help was AWOL...that Wizard guy wasn't terribly helpful, all he did was yell at them and leave.
"Oh trust me body! I know! I've seen the memories! I know what went down with Daddy Dearest! But If I can merge into this
Here we are, finally over, thank you everyone that had stuck with me through this journey, it's been long and tedious but we have finally done it, I never thought this fic would get so big, and honestly it has helped so much with my own depression and nerves, and I want to thank everyone that has snot only supported this fic but believed in me in the end, you all are the reason I was able to continue writing.
Ignoring the sobbing boy Natasha was already crowding to either protect or siphon away, it was hard to tell was hard to tell where the sound was coming from.
And that's the chapter let me know what you think, and again I'M SO SORRY IT TOOK SO LONG!!! It has been a very few hectic weeks.
"He doesn't even know computers that well....I know email better than him!" Natasha shook her head at that as Clint cracked his fingers and started typing, and wasn't that just the most horrifying thing ever.
Thor was walking next to the hulk, he had...loki... in a tight grip and restraints. The Hulk started to shrink and yet the two brunettes still helped each other to walk. Brunette? Steve looks at the man again, it's the monster from the dream before, the eyes were joined with distinct brown hair, it had red in it. The mon-man was injured, if the way he walked was any indication. The man was laughing as Bruce was struggling to keep his pants from falling. Steve can't help but keep staring he can feel regret at words he had said earlier. This man...had done...something good. He knew it, he could feel it in his bones. The man looked back at Steve and suddenly Steve can see that smile. It's so pretty and bright, but Steve feels unwell.
Steve, Natasha and Clint all looked back at each other. Clint talked first, "He tried to pull a prank...he had hacked into Shield."
But the other T.O.N.Y. was oddly silent today, almost like he was participating in the relax recovery day. Or...he knew what Tony wanted to do and was giving him the silent treatment. Which, actually wasn't surprising, a little childish but not surprising.
"Well Mr. Tony I was going to call him, but well...then I would have to put you to my face, and I don't know if you even work while on the phone? What if you are like an app, and I accidentally close you and kill you, and you're gone."
He needed to fix it, he needed to fix it. But what...what. Get a pardon signed? That would take too long, he need a fix now. Send Barf to the King of Wakanda? He was going to do that anyways and that wouldn't really help any. What could he do? What could he do?
"Of course not, in order to do that we would have to take him apart, and if we did that, we have no guarantee, we'd be able to put him back together again. Look I don't want to force Tony through a reset, we don't know what that could do to him, besides he's my friend, he saved my life more than once."
"I don't think that's possible, he cracked him open." gesturing over to Steve. Steve winced at the single handed gesture, cracked was too kind of a word....
"Steve." Steve snapped his eyes up to look into Natasha's. Her hand was lightly holding Steve's but it was firm, her eyes hard, a look that spoke more than a thousand words. Steve needed to be cool headed here. He could not lose control again, to much was in the balance, to much was left to the unknown, Steve couldn't hurt Tony anymore than he already had.
"Even if I wanted to...I don't know how." What...she didn't know how? That means...not even SI knew about him.
Damn, he had no way of knowing what they were saying now. What was that although about. He really needed to know, there was a chance they could unplug him. He was plugged in, his vision flickered to his dome machine body. Yup, definitely plugged in, but...Tony slowly moved the camera's around his body to take a good look at himself. There was no indication of a power source. He wasn't plugged in, there was no solar panels, or anything of the sort. He was self sufficient, so...they couldn't unplug him. That...that actually made him feel so much better.
Tony didn't understand a lot about that woman, but he knew that she sure loved to prove she could dominate the room, and still stay elegant as hell doing it. But Tony digressed, this wasn't important the real question was why were they...walking to this kid Ned, and not....finding some faster alternate way.
"We are almost there!" Steve looked over to Clint you had the biggest smile on his face and his arms up as if he was on a roller coaster.
Thank you everyone whose commented, you do make it better, even when I think I dont want to continue I see those comments and I cant let you all down.
He could see blue lines of coding flickering into existence as if he was being sucked into the matrix or something,
Tell me what you think, and I'm sorry if there is any spelling mistakes again! I unfortunately am an Art major, and that means I don't do a lot of official writing, so I'm very bad at grammar.
"Can you pry this door open Steve?" Bruce asked softly, tapping the elevator door..right, Getting Tony back online was what mattered most.
Steve was in the gym, and Bruce was in the lab as usual. Tony needed to get started on his plan, but...now was probably not the time. When he observed Steve, it was quite clear he was dealing with some shit. If it was Howard or Bucky wasn't clear. But now was not the time, the Avengers needed a cool down day, a slow easy day where nothing happened, and by god was he going to give it to them. He had stressed them out with the hacking and then the Bucky shenanigans and the whole reset debacle.
"I can not say." The growl that came out of Obadiah's throat was stridulous. He sounded like an angry animal. He watched as Obadiah slammed his fists into the round dome, and the peals of sound as his fists hit the metal would have made Tony flinch if he could. The roombas were moving around the room, looking as if they were going to try and pull Obadiah away from his body.
'What are you doing Tony?' Bruce asked cautiously. Tony did not need the coding scrolling past his eyes right now, he was trying to focus!
Which meant he had two options. Either depend on AI him...or wing it. And with every approaching second winging it sounded better, AI him had a bit of an emotional break down earlier and quite honestly Tony could feel it bleed into his own emotions.
Slowly he pulled out the second thick wire, and felt the smaller three wires braided with it brush the back of his neck with cold steel as they too fell away. No lost of sight this time....There was one last wire in place, and Tony was adamant to get it out. This one seemed more tighter, when he tugged with his right arm, he felt something shift inside his head, i̸̧͓̳̩̟̿ṭ̶̮̩͇͗͂ ̶̢̃̓̾̏f̷͙̓e̸͇̲̾͗̀̇l̸̰̳̟̙̕t̵̖͓͙̟̾̍̓̆͑͘ͅ ̴̢͙̭̭̙̆̓̚ẅ̵̦̥́͑r̵̛̬͕̠͓̲̽ͅŏ̷̞͓͎̣̈́̉n̴̛͖̼̘̏̈́̊͝ͅģ̵͈̺̲̪̆̉͜.
"I don't know where to go with this, I'm not allowed to speak this long usually, look kid, moral of the story, stay in school, don't do drugs."
"Hmmm, Is there a way to bypass the laws." Ms. Potts asked softly gaining more confidence and taking a step forward from Natasha and Steve.
"Is it you staying in my phone!? AM I AN AVENGER!? Is this like a test? A trial run!? Cuz I swear I would be such a good hero!" Peter pleaded doing wild gestures as he started to make his pitch.
"I remember the nuke, but it wasn't Thor that took the nuke, but some metal...man." Steve could picture it all...he can see the nuke splitting the sky, he can see a glimmer of gold, a flash of crimson and suddenly its rocketing up, up, up a voice echoing in his head,
"Its a suit, for you. That outfit you have now does nothing good for you, it's tacky not presentable, and honestly you need something with more protective power."  Tony watched happily as Peter started to lose his mind, screeching, and dropping the suit and grabbing the sides of his face. His feet starting to jump back and forth as if the kid had to pee.
Strange looked at Tony his eyes pierced into Tony's soul, it was as if he was seeing everything in Tony.
"Why?" He asked, a smile slowly pulling on his face. Tony knew he needed to stop this, this was a law! He c-couldn't. This wasn't allowed he couldn't do this. He had to- Shut down. It felt like being torn into pieces. Part of him started to answer Obadiah's question, part of him was trying to fight it, and the last bit of him was attempting to overheat himself and shut down, or at least reset.
"No Time like the Present Bruce!" Clint screamed out slapping Bruce's back, slamming Bruce into Sam's hold.
When Father growled and was gone Tony couldnt help but look over at Father's lab, the buzz of electricity was so loud there, singing out for Tony, Tony could never resist electricity.
"Yes, but I would suggest...no more override protocols, I find...It really puts me against myself." Tony joked. The other him feeling even more distaste. Lighten up!
̸̜͖̼̀̈_̸̹̒M̸̹͊̅ǎ̷̟̼ḭ̶̧͔͗n̷̡̨̫͛f̸̺͔̼͂ṙ̴̾̃͜ͅa̶̞͐̍͠m̶̲̞͋͒e̶̻̖͐ ̶͚̥̂̚C̷͙̐o̷̼̿n̵̫͗̔̀n̴͔̙̭̅e̶̲̪̫͌č̷͈̓ͅṯ̸̡̥͌̔ī̴͕͈̿͝õ̴͍̞̘̎̈́n̴͔͍͛̿̚ ̷͈͋́͆C̴̫̻̈́͜u̶̞̞̹̚r̵͉̟̄r̸̼̜̳̔̓͑e̶̩͋̂̈́n̴̯͌̌t̵̨͙̎͜.̴̙͓̽͒̊ͅä̷̱͒̓c̵͈̈́̄͠t̵͚̦̒̊ỉ̶̙ͅv̷̟̯̅̀e̸̯̥͛̌͝ ̶̠̀=̶̧̬̿̄ ̶̶̧̨̡̢̡̨̧̡̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̻̻̘̲̩̱͎͉͔̳̬̖̜̜̹̻͚̖̼̞̘̣͖̮̣̙̠͕͓̼̳̱͎̻̭͚͔͚̼̭̗͎̱̗͚̜̜̟̟̘͉̳͕͉͖̝͙̘̳̮̲͎̟̝͕͕͇̠̰̫̮̝̺̣̩̝͈̰͎̲̙̘͖̜͎̪͙͔̯̘̘͔͉̞̥̹͕̱̫̫̱̖̤͈̩͉̞͖̖̺͉̱͎͍͈̗̤̜̹̲͓̲̞͙̐̆̈́͗̅̆̒̃͒̒̑͌͑̈͑̿̄̈́̔̂͒̒̎̃̑̏́̈̆̈́̽͗̓̉͑͌̇͛̅̌͋̅̐̏̈́͋̂̾̈́̾̉͒̑̓̂̍̏̐͒̽̓̇̊̍̈̾̂͗͗̎̀̈́̎͐̿̽̄͊̈́̈́̿̽͛̒̄̆͐̽̓͋͛͋̆̾͂̐͑͗̋̃͊̒̃̄͒͆̾͐͋̏̈́̓́̏̈̿͛́̿̿̿̀́̆̍̐̇̒̉͂̃̃̋͑̅̆̿͆͒̇͗̽̈̐̈́̈͗͑̍͊͆̊̐͂͌̊̆̊̇̑͛̏̊͋̑͒̈̓̈́̇̆̍̌̌̊̈́̿͋͌͂̃̂̈͆͂͛̂̈́̾̃͋̌͒̔̒͂͆̀͗́̉̄̐̎̒̏̌̃̉̃̌̐̎̋̒̋̈͊͒̇̋̇̓̇̊̃̌̚̚̚͘͘̚̚̚̚̕̕̕͘̚͘͘͘͘̚̕͘͘̚̕̕͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅf̷̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̯̱̩̠̺̖̲͇̮̦̺͇̠̰̫͍̭͓̺͓̫͍̺̮͖̹̪̭̱͎̤̮̺̙̫̳̺̙̜̖̟̬̗͚͕͖̫̮͓͔̩̯̞̱̰̖̬̳̠͕̦͈͒͆̃̊̂̍͐̈̏̿̈́͂̆̂̾͊̾̍̿͒̈̿͋̔̆̌́̒͂͐̂̏̄̂̃̋̓̾͂̅͗̒̇̈́̊́̾̄̀͑̐͛͆͋̋̐͊̽̂̿͆́̈́͋̐͐̍̉̍̎̈̿̓̑͑̋͗̇̅͐̌͌̓̾̀͒͋̊̊̀̐̀̈́̅̈́̈́̒͑̐̇̈́͛̊̈́̏̽̓̔̇͊̔̅̆̎͗̈͋̑̈͊̎̃̄̔͋̀̋̐̃̂̆̂̋̈́̈́̿̌̽̔̓̀͗̂̽̽̌̑́̒̒̊̋̆̏̋̈́̅̄̈́̒͗̍̿̾̒̈̈̒͒̎̊͋͊͗̉̽͋̂̒̒̈́̇͌̈́̈́͌̀̌͗̽̇̔͑̂̃̃͊̆̀́̎͂͛̀̇͌̆̔͋̉̔̈̇͘̚͘̚̚̕̕̚͘̚̕̚̕̕̚͘̚͘͘̚̕̚̚͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅa̸̧̨̧̢̨̢̢̡̢̡̢̨̧̧̧̨̡̧̨̡̛̛̛̛̝̪̰͎͍̠̬̘͓͍̭̰͖̣͉̥͕͓͕̞̥̭̫̘͓̱̠͙̼̣̮̼̬͔̻̻͕̠̯̟̼̯̙̮̙̱̺̥̦̣̣̘̖̫̝̦̱͔̖̦̻̪̟̥̖̮͔͈̰̟̙̺̮͈͓͇̥̤̤͖̣̳̹̫͈̥̼̱̟̪̠͕̯͖͚̪̪̻̣̺̬̪͕̙̥͖͉̤̣͙͇̤̫̭̭̞͇͚̯̥͇̯̼̘̠̼͇͖̫͕̳̙̩̭͓͉͕̫̬̹̲̠͔̱͇͉̻̺̞̪͇̭͖̖͙̬͙͓̗̩̦͛͒̄̆̀̍͑̈́̓̂͐͑̈́̆̊̐̉͗̽͊̏͒̽̎͗́̔̾͛́͊͌̂͂̈́̃̓̃̽̉͆̏͒͗̈͒̄̒̈͊̃̇̎̊͐̋̈́͗͒̓̒̓̉̌̈́̄̊͛́̈͋̄̄̆̏̎̓̏͊̋̂̏͘̕̚̚̕̕͘̚͜͜͝͠͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅl̷̨̢̨̧̡̡̨̡̧̧̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͓̣̮̪̠͉͔̰͔͕̖̣̬̬̤̬͈̦͈̻̺̱̯̬͓̮̰̗̩͙̮̳̬̭̠̩͎͎̙̠͓̥̞͕̥͎̘̪͇̫̭̙̪̤̟̮͍̟̼̦̹̗̣̣̣̱͓̦̥̭͓͎͉̪̦̠̘̲̫̬̬͓̣̝͍̦̲͔̫̠̰̺͇̖̦͓̹͉͔̱͍̻͈̺̪̪͕̪̹̦̙͍̝̣͚͈̻̠̜̜̺͈̭̤̦̫̼̰͓̹̥̥͓̲̱̙͓͚̦̭̠̱̳̻̳̘̗̙̹̦̰̬͇̺̫͈̥̤̜͚̘̱̤̣̰̗͉̅̾̃̓̾̐̎̀̋͊̋͐̏͛̎͊̈́̑́̂̓͊͐̓̅͂̑̒̏͑̽̈́̌̍͗̽͛̑̐͒̿́̋͆͋̉̈́͊̃͐͌̀̈́̅̈́̉̐͌͐͌̾̿̋̎̓̿̀͗̌̑̔̈́̇̈̐̂̇̄̿̓̏̐̐͋͆̈́̇̓͋̔͌̓͊̾͂̿͂͊͗̏͋̎̂̇̂̈́̇͐͌̇͒͊̎͆͊͋̀͛̀̅͐̓̎̈̒̋̔͑͊͊͋̎̈́̄͊̑̑͒̏̾̅̈́̎͊̄̈́͗̓̑͆͐̌̐͌̇̆̓̈́͑̅̽͆̅̾͊̎̄̈̀̅̃͑͆̓̋̌͐̌͋̂͐͆̂̈̑̇̏̌͆͛̆̔̿͛͐̍̂̏̎̊̕͘̚͘͘͘̚̕̚̚͘͘̚̕̚͘͘͘͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅş̶̢̧̡̧̢̡̧̢̧̧̢̧̡̡̡̨̥̪̯̺̙͓͚̲͈̦̮͙͚̳̻̭̟͉͔̳̬̤̗̞̠̦̫͎͙͔̠̟͇̪̻̬̪̯͇̳͉̭̩͔̫̮̝̩̜̤̘̠̦̳̘̹̱̺͔̝̹͉̤̘̥͍̖̰̖̞͙̬̣̣̣̭̳̘͍͓͈̞̰̣̖̮̦̙̰̥͚̗͚̻͎̩͓̥̲͖͈͕̙̗̬̦͎̝͕̠͉̖͈̹̗̙͖̼̘̰̣̱̬͚̥̱͎̥͕͎͇̦̪̱͓͎̼̬͔͎̣̱̺͈̳̱̻͍̜̤̻͍̫͖͈̺͔̺̬̯̲͇̥̤̣̰̞͈͇͓̮͓̜͓̦̤͔͍̙̪̜̭̏̎̋̈́̎͛̐̏̂̍̒̃̓̒͊͑̌͑͛͊̕̚̚͜͜͜͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅȩ̵̨̨̡̨̡̧̨̧̧̡̧̨̛̛̛̝̖̩̻̗̥̖̫̥̬̭̭̰͓̬͔̳͎͕̣̩͎͎̖̩͉̘͇̝̳͇̲̻̣͓̪̟͈͍͈̮̗̭̣͉̭̗̩̞̣͉̙̺̮̙͙̤̳̙̫̭̞̘͖̭̼̝̗̭̲͙̲̲̯̥̜̦͇̪̯̟̱̭̰̗̗̲͇͓̙͎̟̗̭̖͇̙̩̖̬̠̋̓̽͒͂͑́̿͛̈̾̏̋̐̍̂̌͒̅̓̊͛̎̌̉͛͌͑͋̍͐͌͛̉̆̒̈̿̈̾͆͗̒̆̋̓̀̅̈̑̎͂͛̒͛̀͛͐̐̈́͆̌̀̆͑̐̌̈́̓̌̏̓̈͗͌̄́̒͗̚̕̕̕͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ;̶̨̨̡̢̨̧̨̡̧̨̡̧̢̢̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛͚̦̬̟̗̖̠̘̣͖̭͙̫͇̺͙͈̤̭̙̩̦̰͚̘̯̣̰̱̜͇̺̺͎̳͙̣̱̻͖̤̞̱̪̠̳͓̬͇͉̞̹̪̣̖̪̭̬̥̣̱̭̦̜͍̫̖͔̮̭̥̬̝͇͙͍͙̘͕̼̝͙̣̣̘̩͎͚̜̣̼̤̲̝͎̦͖̖͇̯͈̳̞͖͉͚̹̺̳̳̬̱̪̯̗͙̘̦͖͈̟̜͙̯̬̺̼͕̯̟̞͍͇̹̫͇͈̙̹̺̟̲̫̩̺̹̘̭̙̦͕̺̣͈̝̫̲͔̟̠͚͖̮̥̤̰̻̞̲̗͈̹̙͕̲͓̜̘̲̗̟̲̗̞̝͇̬̘͈̟͚̤͎̳̣̤̟͉̼̯̭͓͈̙̰̺͈̩̦̘͓͕̠̔̈́̓̉̏̂̐̑̅̃̆̅͊̈́̎̋̔̇̾̿̓͐̄̈́͒̌͊̇͊̎̏̑͑́̔͐͒͌̾͂̅͆̔͆̅̄̈́͊̀̄̊͐̈́̊̒̓̋̑͐̑̄͆̿͊̉͐̽̅͐͋̓̍̈͒͐̓͊͐͒͂̉̄͗͆̒̓̇̐͗͐̔̈́̽̿̍̏̒͋̂̅̋̎̽̎̔̋̓͌͗͂̔͗̍̒̈́̒͑̍̈̌̉̄̑̾͗̏̎̄̋͊͋͐̿̽̄͂̈̾̏̋̆̏̔̈̓̊͗̉̉̔̀̎͛̆̍̉̑͛̆̈́̅̌͋̌̆̏̐̏̇͐͌̿̐̔̍͌͛̈̓̕̕̕̕̚̕͘̕̚̕͘͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅ;̶̩͍͍͝
"Hey Peter! Peter!" Tony's ears suddenly filled up with a choke and his eyesight shook with movement as Peter scrambled to get a better hold of his phone, and there was Peter, red rimmed and looking so so hopeful, fuck did Tony care for this kid.
"Patch him through Tony" Natasha told him, Tony did just that, and couldn't help but feel a little content at the familiar face.
When Tony lost all connection from the common sitting room, he felt sick, he was already handling these depressed filled emotions that seemed to be a side effect from black out mode. It was an odd sensation, like losing part of his eyesight, or a limb. As if his hand had lost all mobility.
"So hold on...it isn't just this Brunette man, we are missing several people, one this Spider Man, we know where he is but hes not apart of us, this floaty red man, the silver metal man, the man in all black, the girl, and the Giant." Sam listed off counting his fingers, "Where are they?"
"I could try something, but I wouldn't ever suggest it, there's no guarantee that it would have the desired effect you want but.." Tony jumped up as Strange looked conflicted, turning around.
Bruce tapped his lip in thought and Sam took a small huff, Bucky scowled a bit in confusion. Steve thought a bit more, how could they know there was a difference? Things like the Metal monster hurting Bucky? When did that happen?
"That's not good news Steve, if someone has been able to mess with our heads for this long and we haven't noticed. We don't know how long this has been going on for."
"No! Of course not Mr. Tony! Just Ned! And trust me! He's better at computers than me!" Peter's eyes brightened up and sparkled in a way that just made Tony's heart just melt. But this...this was a lot to ask for from a ki- and that wasn't an excuse at all...Tony was already asking Peter to help him, and....Okay fine, Fine! He'd have this Ned kid help him out.
Only one last chapter and this is all over! Thank you again everyone who has read and commented and supported this story, you've made it all worth it.
"Mr. Tony I think... I might be able to trace it, but what then?" There was a soft buzzing in the air, humming and erratically thumping his processing, Peter had to reach out and hold his phone steady.
Let me know what you think, and I'll try to update soon, but I can say comments do really motivate me to write sooner, plus I want to know what you think!
So that's what he did, he giggled when the electricity sparked up and danced on his hands when he pulled the wires apart and fixed the circuit board, all the sparking laughing distracted him from the light footfalls behind him.
Tony flickered to how long before the Quinjet arrived...thirty minutes. He had thirty minutes to figure this out, an error screen kept flashing, he had an errand he needed to follow. But he had deleted that code that didn't allow him to ignore it, meaning he was free to do as he chose. And as much as he was...uncomfortable with Barnes the other him, the AI, wanted to help he can...remember Barnes being apart of this team for a while now...
"Mr. Tony I am so happy to hear you again, I was- I thought-" And Tony's vision shook again as Peter covered his face and Tony could hear the sniffles again, if he wasn't just metal and wires he probably would have gotten choked up as well, Tony could see Peter's tears slowly roll down his cheeks and plop out of sight from his chin. He could hear the shakey breath as Peter was trying to calm himself. Right, Peter had lost his parent, had lost his uncle...seeing something like this....it couldn't be good for his mental health.
The Alarm went off and so did all of Steve's mental sirens. He had killed Tony and something had already gotten inside.
There was something there, Tony knew more than one Stark, he knew Anthony. Maria had always gone by Carbonell, it was clear she really hadn't felt much love for Howard in the later years, but Tony still said no Stark. Even though Tony was only made after Anthony's death, which meant Anthony hadn't died when everyone thought he had. But what this also meant was, he could get answers out of Tony if he asked the right questions.
January 19: Howard hasn't came out of his lab for a week, due to a concern for his health an override of his coding was used to get in his lab but he wasn't there. Discovered a hidden lab underneath but the lock is unlike anything we have seen yet, Stark has been hiding some tech from Shield.
"Okay now that we got the introductions out of the way, lets go, I'm going to give you directions and you are going to follow them, got it? Good."
"Clint can you please stop shouting." Natasha reprimanded. Tony quickly brought the lights back to the strength they were meant to be at.
"You've all had nightmares that started as of a week ago." It wasn't a question....Steve felt sick, they hadn't been nightmares.
Tony supposed that was a fitting punishment...taking away everyone's choices and then losing his own freewill as a price. Seemed poetic in it's own way, Tony always hated poetry...ask Rhodey....he knew.
"But that's...that's not possible Nat, we- we've used that...We know he records, we've had him replay recordings..."
"Tony Stark, how can I assist you today?" his gaze wandered around the Lab, which was more of a mess than usual, and then landed on the shield, Cap's shield. "Judging by the state of things, I'm assuming I won't like much of our conversation today?"
"You only record what we see Tony." Steve pointed out, "And I know none of us have ever seen such blue prints." He said, and there was that determined face again. And fuck, how was he going to get out of this one, he had to think fast.
"Yes! About that! This is going to sound weird but do you have any dreams about a man with a metal armor?" Steve asks softly, if they both were having them then maybe it was something new.
"There has been no recent attacks or movement from Loki." Tony offered. Steve looked up at his camera and his eyes were red, he had been crying?
Just a simple switch of words honestly, it was that easy! A little too easy honestly...But Tony wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. He really needed this to work...he was
I'm so sorry for how long this took me, I had a lot going on, I had a falling out with a very close friend, a wild time at work, and when I finally was getting a handle on my life things flipped over on it'self and I had a a suicide with an old friend, and it was really rough on me. I also had a hard time writing this becuase of these reasons, so I am so sorry if this chapter isn't the best, it is more of a filler chapter before we get to more serious notes, but we finally have another memory.
Tony felt like he was reaching forward, but it was unlike anything he had ever experienced before, as if electricity was running through him and almost like a shot of adrenaline Tony felt the bed move and the lights flicker inside himself, in his chest, where the arc reactor had once sat. He watched Clint slowly wake up and swing his legs over the bed and rub his eyes trying to wipe out the exhaustion. A new set of strings of coding scrolled past his vision detailing the date, weather, time, and current location. Clint reached over and grabbed small hearing aids and fiddled with them and then slowly stood up.
̷̧̨̡̡̢̨̛̛̛̻͈̭̮͓͈̲͕͙̦̖̠̞͕͍͖͇͔̪̥̮͔̪̳̦̜͚̣͍͍̜̟̭̗̗̞̰͖͕͍̬̘̞͔͔̝͚̭̘̳͍̘͇̞͕̺̞͉̜̯̙̘̋͗͛͐̍̑̃͆̑̅̒̌̌̈́̈̌͗̂̄͋̍̌̌͑͑̔̅̓̍̽̌̒́̇̃̃͒̃̎̌̐͋̈̐̆͑̅̐̍̋̓̇́͂͆̆̇̂͆̓̐͗̒̎̈́́͒̀̒̒̾̆̀̔̈́̽̓͆̆̉̾͛̅̾͐͌̿̓̿̏͊͒͒̾͌̇͗͑̽̆͂̄̃̍̿̍̀̈́̔̂̄̽͑͋̉̎̏̍̋̊͑̇̋͂͌̏̐̃̆͊̂̽͘̚͘̚̚̕̚͘͘̕͘͜͜͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅN̶̢̧̢̡̡̧̨̨̡̛̳͔̠̝̣̰̝͇̻̥̖͍͇͖̜̜̼͍͇̠̠͍̯̭̞̖̱͖̘̲̳͕̦̱͇͙̘͖͇̠̙̪̠̤̥͎̝͍̱͕͙̲͉̘̦̦̖͉̱̮͇̥͈̳͔͚̥͎̹̻̳͂̒̉̂̏́̇̽͒̇̾̋̇͐͒͒͌̂̂̈͋̈̈́̿̀̌̈́́̄̍̓͒̐́̓̿̇̉̄͊̆̎̍͊̒̽̐̍̔̐̿͑̊̈́̈́̆́̔̐͌̀͌̽͆̌͊̓̿͗̓͑̄̾̃̈́́̈́͌̽̂̍̑͆̒̐͌̍͂̏̔̾͐͆͆̿̓̔̽̍̂̌͛̽͛̏̆̾̅̌͆̾͆͗͗̄̒͋͂̾̏̌͋͘̕͘͘̚͘͘̚͘͘͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝Ǫ̴̛̙̬̪͕̙̣̹̹̪͕̪̗͔̪̣̬̣̙̪̻̦̝̏͊̅̒͆̂̀̈́̀̀͒̈́̆̽̾̀̄̅̓̋̂̍̔̃̇͌͐̔̊̓̓̑̐̈̑͑́̏̔̋͘͜͠͝ͅǪ̵̡̡̡̢̛͍̜̝̞͕͙͖͉͖͖͖̞͍̦̟̹͇̱̖̰̹̘͓͙̽̌̊̐̈̈̒̓̒̽̋̌̊͑̏̿̓̒̓͗̐͌̈́́͒͆̐̓̉̎̽͆̃̍̊͆̍̐͂͑̅͂̈́̅̽̂̄̈̉̍͐̔̀̓̈́̓͑̈́̊̌̓̽̊̓͊̆͒̄͂̕̕͘̚͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅƠ̷̧̡̧̡̧͙̠̳̱͔̗͓̰͍͓̰͙͍̞̺̪̱͇͓͍͙̥̱̼̲͔͇̱̙̖͉̗̞͙͖̰͇̘̬̳̟͇̭̗̟͓̞̘̮̣͕̦͔̗̟̦̮̩̤̻͔̙̲̹̼̤̝̪̤̳̲̬̤̝͉̲̍͊͒͌̈́̈́̎̔͂̑̈̿̽̄͒͗̇̐͊̐̔̓̈͊̎̊̈̿̈́̉̈́̓̆̊͆͌̃̉͊͊̆̆̅̄́̈̓̈́͐̇͂̐̊̄̂̓̔̆͋̓̎͂͛̊̌̋̓͋͆̔̋̐͋́̒̂̽̔͗̇̏̀̋͋͒̽̽̏̅̇̈́̎͊̓͐͒̆̊͋̎͊̔̈́̊̆͒̈́͐̋̃̋́̾͛̌̾̀̆̌̀̋̿͒̂̍̃͊͑̒̈́̃̑̄̃̕͘̚̕͘͘͘̕̚̕͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅO̸̧̧̨̧̡̧͈̥̹̰̹̰̖̝̼̱̬͉̻͇͔̮̦͖̹̬̘͖͉̰̱̦̺̼̰͔͎̤̹̻̰͇͍̜͎̻̼̞͎͇̰͍͖̦̱̥̞̘̼̭̗̞̝͍̫̙̲͓͂̈̇̓͆͒̔̽̌̀̆̂̉͌̐̾̂̿̊͐̓̋̆̇͑͆̈́̏̄͊̔̋̈͛͛̿̅͌̂̄̈́̄̍̾̂̓̄͋͐̇̈́̂̃̽̇̚͘͜͜͠͠͝͠͠ͅǪ̴̨̧̨̢̡̧̛̤̬̹̫̖͉̬̺͙̱͖̹͈̗̟͖̟̱̳̱̲̥̫̜̹̪̲̼͇̟̦̪̜̹͇̠͚͔̱͓̜̙̙͙̪͚̲̗̥̗̉̉̒̾͆͐̓̓̑̀͋̊̍̈̈́̾́̾̄̽̍̒̂̏̂̈́̂̌̐̓̂̋̍̾́̎̂̃̅̂͂̊̍͒̐̏̄̉̽̆̃͆̒̿̽̍̑̉̏̒̏̈̊̏̄̈́̽̂̈̄́͂̒͊̑͗̓̍̏͐̓̒̓̔̀̒̔͒̆͗͗̇̏̄̎̃̃̿͌̈͋̍͐̎̊͂͒͆͑͂̍̋͋̋̀̈͌̿̃̔̉̎͆̆̾̋̍̂͘̚͘̕̚̚͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝
̸̧̧̨̧̛̰̪̤̼̣̹̝͍͇̞̜̼͎̥̟̫͋̉̍̈́̓̅̔̎͂̓͌̏̓̑̈́̾͗́̇̉̃̄̅̓̍͒̊͌̑̓̓̎́͊͑̀̈́̈̚͠͠͠}̵̡̡̛̛̲̞̜̙̝̟͍͓̗̖̫̮͔̖̭̮͍̜̻͖̘̞̤̣̻̪͆̇̎̐̆̎̅̉̀̎͑͌̽̃̔̐̓̏͋͛̓̌̅͋̿̅̽̑̊̌̍̑̏̐̒͋̚̕͜͝ͅ
"If it's just controls and systems and wires why would there be a rule for dismantling?" Steve asked stepping forward.
?!" Strange forced out with that raised eyebrow. Clint zipped his mouth shut and nodded, oddly staying silent for once.
When Tony finally was able to feel himself again all he could see was that arc reactor, the bright light breathing. Fading in and out, in and out.
The weapons manufacturing had been closed, Stane stopped, the Battle of New York had been resolved. The Avengers had still been formed and even the Winter Soldier had been assimilated into the Avengers easily.
." Natasha stressed the word urgent. Steve always hated when she did that, it meant things were really bad. "We can meet you at your office, make sure we don't have any delays" She looked Steve in the eye as Clint walked out with almost ten pizzas. Natasha glanced back as she snapped the phone closed.
The protector and friend of Anthony stark, just like the electricity had been, and Tony felt like maybe he could fall in love all over again.
Tony...didn't know what to say....he didn't know what to think....what...what did...Tony...Tony was merely a body..
Everyone was so suspicious of him, he hated it, Tony never used black out mode with Jarvis or Friday, and when he was with the Avengers they hadn't either, except for bathrooms and when they were changing, and while Tony didn't care if he was caught nude by his AI's he understood it when people didn't want to be seen by them.
There was a humming snap, and suddenly Tony felt extreme vertigo as he was ripped back from his resident phone, bouncing between...code...things..changing.. 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100011 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 01101110 00100111 01110100 00100000 01100110 01100101 01100101 01101100 00101100 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100011 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 01101110 00100111 01110100 00100000 01100110 01100101 01100101 01101100 00100000 01110111 01101000 01100101 01110010 01100101 00100000 01110111 01100001 01110011 00100000 01101000 01100101 00111111
Once again there was no answer but just another flicker of his eyesight. His eye sight once again became less clear as he started looking through a more low quality camera, and there was Rhodey.
But why lie? What was the purpose. Not knowing was frustrating. Steve wasn't really the mental guy, he was good at planning, but he was the kind of guy that needed his hands on the issue. Sitting around and waiting wasn't his style. He was impatient, but now wasn't the time to really get involved, he needed Natasha on this, she was clever enough to piece together all of this mess. But she had been focused on making sure all the other Avengers were feeling better, although she would never admit it.
"Finally...downloaded, enough of you trying to escape, you little brat." A guttural sound resounded around the walls and bounced across the cold concrete....and Tony was scared....Where...where was Jarvis? Howard looked up towards Tony, into himself with those dark pitiless eyes, and slowly the corner of his mouth twitched up.
"Yeah, It's a bit tight for my wings, but I could do it." Sam letting his wings half open and Steve watched as his jet pack kicked on and Sam gracefully started to hover, grabbing Natasha's hand as they disappeared into the darkness. Bruce looked sick, right....he didn't like tight spaces.
He needed to fix it, he needed to fix everything, he had ruined one of the best things in his life, right when he was finally getting comfortable, feeling at home...He should've known better. Tony didn't belong with the Avengers, he had pushed Bruce away and even took the only safe place from him. He destroyed Jarvis, He got Pepper hurt, He paralyzed Rhodey. He imprisoned Wanda, he got a fifteen year old injured; God, he sent Steve to betray the one country he full heatedly believed in and represented. He had ruined everything. Tony was great at ignoring though, and that's what he had done, constantly ignoring and pretending, and boy was Tony Stark excellent at that. If there was an award for pretending everything was okay, Tony would have owned it every year it would've presented. But he couldn't pretend anymore. It was too late for that, he knew a war was coming, a big one and the Earth wasn't prepared at all. God, he pushed all of the defenders away, he'd taken away the one fucking chance the Earth had. He needed to fix this, and the only one he had so far was one kid from Queens, and Tony could see he was only going to ruin that kid, or even worse, the kid would get himself killed, all because Tony gave him the impression the kid was a full Avenger now.
THAT WAS IT! CONTROL! Tony flicked to the end of the code, he needed to get started on that coding. He could hear the Rumbas scrambling even faster with his new words and numbers. Tony kept entering the new code, and was amazed at how fast the code was coming together. Without having to wait for his fingers to move the coding was compiling together from thought alone. It was amazing! He could get this coding done faster than he could even imagine.
But there was still that thought in his- well the other him's head- but still his. It was complicated. It was like suddenly having another personality in his head. Like his brain was suddenly that small apartment him and Rhodey had holed into back when he was in college. Except, instead of having his friend- one he hurt- it was another him but different. Really different. Fuck was this other him brainwashed, an-
January 23: Howard has finally came out of his hidden lab, in desperate need of a medical. He refused the medical call, he revealed his project, a security system unlike anything ever before. It's an AI or so he says, but he did not let us see the actual project yet, he says it will be ready tomorrow, will report then.
"Well look, hacked or not he's not acting...right, he needs a reset or something, how do we do it?" Clint called out, Tony felt that sinking cold again, fuck...they could do that couldn't they. Pepper would know how, if anyone would it'd be her. He didn't want to be shut down, the thought terrified him more than anything else. He knew the lights were flickering but he couldn't make it stop. One look at Pepper made him even more freaked out, she even looked freaked out and that was saying something. Pepper always stayed calm.
"Yes, but I would suggest...no more override protocols, I find...It really puts me against myself." Tony sounded...humorous. Steve found he liked that tone.
By the time Tony was fully awake and able to breathe on his own, his father's machine was completely built. The electricity inside vibrated in an all new way, the way it spoke was contained and screeched in a new found pain Tony had never heard before. It sounded just as hurt and scared as Tony....it was then when Howard expressed his desire to sped up the process. The process for what? Tony didn't know...
"This whole time? Is it because of that law? The one you deleted?" Pepper asked looking like she was steady again. Honestly Pepper, she was acting almost as daft as Steve was, it was obvious. And lucky for Tony the override code was over, that meant he could lie, and boy did that feel good to think. Honestly it wasn't like he could actually tell Pepper oh, why yes, I had a magic man- with glorious facial hair- help me merge two universes so I could fix everyone's life.  So he was deciding on something more simple.
"I don't understand?" Bruce uttered out-loud as Clint yawned, "This dome....it's all...cosmetic?" He knocked the metal and listened to the echoed reverberations bouncing along the walls.
He watched Bruce try and steady himself and fixed his glasses on his face, nodding slowly walking over to the man. Bruce slowly began to flutter over his wires, his hands moving over the pale and bloody skin, He shifted the bed slowly so they could see the man's back...numerous wires plugged into his skin, thick metal ports surgically placed along his spine, Howard had turned his own son into a Frankenstein. Steve felt sick.
8̸̨̐2̸̛͎%̸̱̀ He was 01100100 01101001 01110011 01100001 01110000 01110000 01100101 01100001 01110010 01101001 01101110 01100111
"Hope I didn't damage that little brain of yours." Why did Sir sound so....resentful? What had Tony done, why...why was Tony never good enough? What could he change?
"Okay, first thing is first, try and go back as far as possible for a difference in memories." Natasha told them with a steady voice.
It was then when he felt the soft flicker and knew Natasha had finally woken up from her fitful sleep. He flickered to the common sitting room with the T.V. to turn it to some random kids cartoons, as instructed.
Steve was so so thankful when Bruce started to move forward towards the elevator and the green tint on his fingers disappeared...
Here it is, its a small chapter, but this one is important, let me know what you think! And thank you everyone who has been so supportive and commented, it really made my week better and really pushes me to write more sooner.
s̸̡̡̨̧̛̳͍͓̣̫̟͓̤͈̘̰͓͓͍͕͇̗͓͎͙͖̖̦̤͇͉̙̲̘͍̳͈̘̺̲͌̓̽̇̉͒̆̂̓͐͗͋̋̌̃̑͋̒͑̓̎͑͗̾͌̂̃͗̔́̔͛́̚͘̚͜͠͝͝ͅţ̷̧̨̢̨̢̡̨̡̢̛͕̰̭̳̖̗̭̻̰̼̣̠̼͙͉̺͕̬̘̯̖̹̭̙̞͍̻͍̳̗͒̈́̅̓͒͒̆̏̉͂͋̇̌͊̍̊̂̅͑͐͒̆̈̌̆̂͒̍͒͊̚̚̚͜a̶̠̠̣͇̫̖͊̑̚ṫ̶̛͍̯̺̩͉͖̮̏͆̉̈́̊̒̒͋̾͘ỉ̴̡̙̼͉͕͔̥̱̮͉̖̯̯̲̩̽͆̈́̏͑͑̎͒̈́̈̈́̌͜c̶̢̨̢̧̬͉̱͓̟̗͇̟̩̪̦͍͕̜̝̹̖̞͎͍̘̺̝̜͕̝̥͙̬̹̭̤̙͛̂́̈̐̂͋̓̂̉̍̿̏̔̈́́͆̌͗́̿̄̓̾̃̀͒̌̈́̍̈̈́̆̓̊͂͘͜͠͠͝ͅ ̴̧̲̳̤̥̩̺͉̜̥̦̻̟̱͎͕̲̯̰̥̠͚̳̳̥͔̝̳̜̹̘̊̎̋̈̅̑̔̐̓̍̌̒̇̅̔͌͛͗̄̃̅̓̉̈́̊̑͑̅̄̿̊̄͜͝v̵̢̨̢̡̛̠͙̗̟͓͕̮̰̯̹̰̹̮͙̞̣̬̭̻̤͔̻̼̱̯̫̮̯̪͙̱̪͕͚̼͇͈̽͂͒̽̌̓͐͑̇͐̐͛̌͒̒̈́̿́͛̕ͅͅͅͅơ̸̢̨̧̹̺̳̘̙͓̟̘̺͎͓̤͎̫̩͎͍̼̖̩͖̩̰̆̌̈͊̽̿͌͗͆̂̈͂̊̇̓̏̀͗̊̓̕͜͝͝í̴̧̛̝̯̰͙͌̅̽̔͒̿̚ͅd̵͇̠͖̫̭̮͔̣̼̪͎̥̼̤̠͉̲̘͕̱̬͖̬̮̮̫͍̯͕͖̟̙̮̩̽̿͊̏͜͝͝ ̶̨̨̧̠̖͚̜̘̪͕̻͈͖͍͈̞̯͔͖̤͇̫̦̘̼̠̤͔̹̫̻̜̼͙̥̯̥̞͐̄͂͊̆̽͛̎̄͗̊̏̈́̒͌̒̏́̆̎̂͌̋͘͘͘͠͝͝ͅͅḑ̵̨̧̢̛̞̜̫̤̞̭̖͔̲̫̮͇̪̭̲̤͙̗̲̙̥̘͈̗̞̗̣͎̠̽̔͋̓́̎̆̑̊̎͌̈́̐͗̅͑̊̌̔̐͋̑̎̿̈́̓̀̓̏̒́͌̄̒̕̕̚͘̚͘͝ͅe̶̡̧̨̨͉̩͙̬͙̭̟̮̼̬̬̔͗̽͐̑̿͛̅̓̎͘ṿ̶̢̧̛͒̈́̐͑̀̊̐̂̇̅͂̿͗͛̒̒̐̋̐͐͋̂̒̆̍̑̓͋̃̉̃̚̚m̸̛̥̜̦̭͆̎̇̓̒̏͂̈̐̌̈́̐̆́͒̓̑̒͌͒̍̅̏̑̎̀̈̒̐͠͝͝_̷̧̨̱̹̮͚͎̘̲̬̟̼͇̘̘̠̠͂̇̿̎̀͊͒̎̉̉̓͑̒̑̉̕̚͝ữ̸̧̙̲̠̖͇̺͎̼̠̱̪͎̒̽͂͊̆̿̉̃̂̉̒͆̊̉̐͌̌̀̐̋̚̚̕̕͠͝n̵̡̢̢̢̛͓̖̻͕̘̝͖̯̺̮̫̲̝͓͎̞̰͙̗͇̫͕̠͍̬̩̹̫̊̑̍̍̏̐̍̏͐̐͑̇̈̾̔̒̌̐̂͊̌͋͗̽̏̋̈́̐͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅŗ̴̟͈̪̞̬̖͖̹̰̱̝̫̼͓̭͎͗͋̈́̉͊̓̇̊̔̃̊͂̔̍̋̒̈̎̊̌̏͘̕͜͝͠͝ę̷̢̛̱̤͉̺̠̯̦̪̼̩̟̙̮̺̞̙͈̯͙͖̬̪̭̙͔͇̗̬̝̰̠͕̗̻̍̋̈́̇̋̕͝͝͝g̶̡̨̡̡̡̛̟̦̘̞͔̻̠͙͔̱̖͓̦͕͍̪̹͉̙̣̦̖̜̯̱̱͔̿̌̑̔̋̆̃̎͒͆̍̈́́̆͊̑̆͗̒̍̔͗͑͐̾͛̿̓̈́̓̋̑̅̈́̕̕͜͝ͅͅͅͅͅî̴̡̧̢̦̰̳̫̰͙͇̙͚͎̯̭̻͈̘̗̪̲̜͈͚͖̎̏͝s̶̨̛͔̱̩̞̯̖͎̼̥̻͙͔͚̘͎̊̌̓͗͊̑͂̾̂̇̿̐̓̄͒͊̄̆́̍͛̔̑̋͋̎̕͘͘̚͠͠͝͝͠ͅt̴̡̖̦͕͓͖̪̱̊̈͋̽̊̈́̾̊͌̽e̵͍͚̐̍͆̀͋̎̔̇̓͝͠r̶̨̢̡̛̳̤̲͚̝̝͚̮̞͓͖̦͕͓̝̖̠͇̘̯̰͇͖͔̰̲͗͐̅̌̌͑̓̔͊͋̑͌̇̀̐̔̾̆̇̉̈́̓̂̅̐̏̐̓̎̐̎͐̋̚̚͘̕͝͝_̵̨̢̡̛̛̹͍̮̼̻̙͙̞̤͇̩̹̈̌̔̍͗͊̄̒̈̂͋̈́̔̂̂̚ͅȑ̵̛̻̲͉̩̦̭̩̼̪̲͙̰͖̝̜̻̾̈̄͛̇̅̓̄̐̈̒̉̔̓̎̓͗͘͘͝͝ę̸̧̨̧̛̩̼̩̪͉̘͍̜̺̗͕̹͉̓͛͊̒͆̆͆̎̈́̓͂͐̑͂̐̋̓̂͋̀͘͘͠ͅb̶̡̨̨̢̢̫̘̳͉̼͕̝̳̰̝̼̠͙͚̮̫͍͍͍͖͖̻͍̬̮̩͔̲̯̘̖̗͖̩̗͙̝̄̏̍̈́̈́͑̋̓̚͝ͅͅͅờ̴̡̧̛̘͖͕̮̠̤͔͕̳͇̭͕̦̱͚̭͍̺͍̪̝̩̼̲͗̉̆͛̂̄̓͂͗̉̅̅̈̈͋̌̋̒̽͒̇͂̒̆̈́͊̂̽̋͂͐̕͘͠o̶̢̧̨̤̙̯̹͈̙̺̙͓̣̪̘̻̥̫͎̼͉̯̬̥̖̭̜͕͆͊̈́̀̂̅́́̈̃̓̈́̍͋͌͆̈́̓͗̕̕͝͠͝͠ţ̶̢̛͎̪͙̦̝̤̪͚̞̻̰̱̦͚̬͙̭̬̻̝̲͓̜̜̥͉͎͇͍̦̗̭͉͕̘̏̾͗̏̃̔̂͒̈́̓͆̊̌̑̔̈̊͒́̓̔̕̕̕ͅ_̵̢̨̨̛̛̛̞̦̯̬̜͓̹̬͍͕̤͈̯͎̮̠̳̳̪͉̠͖͙͓͍̞̗́́̉̍̂̊͊̀͌̏̆̂̈́͊̊̔̔̀̿̚̚͘n̸̡̧̛̥͇̣̠̻͔͖̯͈̟͔̙͖̣̙̘͇̪̰̙͔̙̱͚͚̈̈̓̋̾͑͆̈̈́̈̌̀͜͝͠o̷̩̜̣͚͖͔̙̯̘͓͖̥̲̲̅͗̃̌̽͂̒̽͌̀̀̈́̒̾̆̂͛̓̇̄̇̓̂̅͆͗̾̽̓̈́̒̒̈́̌͆͐̽̊͘͝͝t̵̢̢̲̝̰̼̘̭̲̻͖̦̲͕̱͇͔̩̻̪̲̙̎̾̃̈̋͘̚i̶̢̘̘̬͚̱̠͑͋͆͗̾̌̄͌̾̐̑̈́͆̓̚͜͠f̴̡̹̙̪̗̘̳̲̜̤̯̼̭̼̭̳̯̳̫͍̯̳͚̮̠͖̬̆̿͊̈̈́̎̃̑͌̓͆̓̄̏̄̅͗̌̄̍̅̓͗̌̈͛̑̌̈̒͗͌̓̃̌̐̏͆̕̚͘͠͝ͅi̸̧̢̨̨̨̡̻̭͎̰̠̱͍̬̼̹̥̣̩͉͓̝͓͈̱͚͉̤̰̭̣̭̜̱̫̝̗̫̟͖̹̋͗̎̽̈́͛̂̆͒͛̊͆̂̈͛̾͑͑́̽͋̋̑͂͗͋̆̍̒̋̽͒̏̌͋̚̕̚͜͠e̴̡̡̡̛̜̺̗̪̠͓̖̖̲̱͍͉̗͙͎͙̱̣̜̖͚̰̹̫͕͙͖̻̝͍̤̗̫͍̗̱̥̬̦̠̒̀͂͆̈́̇̾̅̿̕ͅr̷̨̨̧̛̤̣̝̣͉̭̜͉̟̝̖̠̙̤̺͍̜̹͈͇̣͎͇͎̰͎͇͇̔͒̉̄̏͐͋̆̐̇̽͐͌̏̊̌̈͂̇̍̓̽̚͜͝͠͝͝͝(̷̡̨̢̨͕̦̤͎̙̻̞̖͇̯͉̹̹͈̪̪̹̻͉̩͍̳͖͈̯̫͇̯͍̱̗̹͓͓̂̆̓́̋̈́͌̌̂̓͂͊̑̈́͆͋͛̐̍͂͂͊̅̽̽͌̿̒̉͗̇̐̆̂̑͗͐̂̽͘͘̚͜͝ş̴̨̨̛͖̦̮̦̖̬̜̦͈̱̘̬̝̭̙̥͇̱̥̝̯̮̥̲̟̱̥̓̄̈́̓͊̂͗̏́́̽͗͊̏̾͑̑̒͒͌̀͛͛̎̔͒̊̽̇̈͒̃̈́̓̆̕̕͜͠͠ͅt̷̨̨̮̲͔̟̲͔̰̰̤̣̭̻̖̺̲̜̩̑̉̊̃̋̓̊̆͌̓̋̽̒̀͑̊̇̀̈́̈́̀̂̍̏͒̐͒̌̉͋̑̑̽͑̀̈́̚̕̕͝͝ŗ̶̡̣̺̩̰͇͈̤̙̖̜͇͙̣̝̗͕͈̻͈͓̙̱̹̰̠̙̜̹̮̟̦̯̩̱̖͓̲̇͜ͅȗ̴̜̼̺̻̥͒c̸̛̘͚̬̩̻̄͋̐͝t̵̢̢̧̢̢̡͕̪͉̤̳͎̱̝̘̱̜̠̫̰͕̯̗̻̹͚̬̪̱̬͉̘̙̽̀̅̌̎̉̓̇̀͗̎̐͊̊̓̄͂͋̂͝͠͝͝͝͝ͅ ̶̧̧̢̲͇̜̜̜͕̮͔̣͍͉̙̞̮̗̥̪̭̤̫̰̠͓͙̮̟̖̜̖̻̺̣̘̖̘̥̣̊̀͛̿͋̆̑̕͜ͅͅͅḑ̶̧͔̭̜̘̮̯͎̼̣̬̗̬̬̭͚̪̟͇̪̥̞̪͙̗͉͔̟̘͕̲͕̜͇̄̽͌̄̾̊̍̿́̎̌̍̑̂̓̄̓͑̈͛̀͆̿͌̽̋͛͛̌͒̄̐̈́̓̕͘̚͘͜͜͜͠͝͝͠e̶̡̧̧̧̨̢̨̨̨̗̲̲͖̞̠͍̭͍͖̳̖̝̰̻̝̟̥̠̝̼̦̩̖͍͇̞̭̜̩͖͓̽͊̓͂͆͘ͅͅv̷̨̛̅́̓̑̊̍̐̔̎̄̏̄͛̄̈́̿̄͌͒͊̿͂͗̂̌͑͗̀͂̇̃̊̕͝͠ȋ̸̡̧̡̛͙̬̹̺͎̰̥̤̯̻̮̟̮̘͎̞̗͕̜̲͔͈̝̥̩̝͉̬̠̪̹͔̟̫̱͊͂̑̾͐̾̾̈́̐̏̓͑̃̋̿͒̒̔͑̆͘̕̕͝͝c̸̛̛̛̝̣̬͔͎̜̟͙̞͚͉͍̝̗̣̱̣̤͓͔̣̞̠̗̠̘̺̆̎͌̍́̋̌͐̐̀̃̿̈͊̽̇̈́͝͝͝ȩ̴͕͖̭͖̪̍̊̏̎͋̌̌͐͊̽̿̉̑̃̂̂̊̈́̊̇̉̍͌̃͋̓͘͠ ̵̢̛̛̹̭̠̫̙̭̯͙̼̖̟̯͙̼̩̻͔̟̬̜̥̰̮̥͕̥͚̲̇̑͛̓͋̆̑̍̈͑̊͒̌̐͂̒̋́̇͒͐̾̓͛͐͂̑͑̔͂̓̚̕͜͜ͅ*̵̠̦̬͖̱͖͇̗̰̓͛͆̌̿͑̈́̿̍̉̆ͅd̵̡̢̛̝̮͖͚̹̝̯̣͉̻̻̦̯̟̥͓̩̜͖̻̪̖̲̞͕̖̠̖̺̟͉͍̳̺́̓̈̇̔̅͗͛̐̔̒̈́̿̽͒̎̈̒̚͘͜͜͠͠͠ȩ̴̢̡̛̤̠̱̞̝͉̮̣̭̺̝̤̪̰̘̯̼̞̰̤͇̖̻̙̜̣̬͓̮͗́͆̿͒͂̿̒̓́̆̀̉̋̃̉̊͂͘͘͝͝v̴̡̠͓͔̰̇̓͛̈͊̈̾͐̀̾̕,̴̖͙͚͉̘̪̤̹͚̀̈́̈́͐̚͜͝͝ͅ ̸̛͎̈̇̈́̊͋̑̌̒̽̏̂̌̏͋̆͗͗͐̐̃̐͋̍̾̌͑͆̊͐͝͝v̷̧̥̦͖̫̫̈́ͅȍ̶̢̡̡̧̧̢̧̟͖̖̞̥̩͉̝̠͈͓͖̰̣̮̣͚̪͔͇̤̫̳̙̞̜͌̌̈́̄̽͂̏͗͂͑̎̄̀̈́͗̆̋́̚͜͠i̴̢̦̤͉̹̺̤̦͙̟̰͚̖̱̞̞̣̯̫̥̲̠̭͔̗͎̲̊̏͑͆͊̑͋̈́͋̇̿͋̎̊̚͜͝ͅd̷̨̢̠̬̠͕͓̳̮̞̻̜̹̃̿̏́͆̋̉͑̏͑̑̏̒͂̔̏͛͐͑̊̀̿̈̒́̿̀̕͘͜͠͠ͅ ̵̧̡̢̨̨̨̢̢̨̛̛̗̲̠͖͕͔͓͙̘̱͔̰͉͖̥̘͎̩̰͚̰̯̤̙͖̤̻̞͂̔̑̽̈́̂͐̀̐̅̏͑̎͘͜͜͜͝͝͝*̴̢̨̛̖̼͈͍͉̩̣̻͉̞͎̊͛͆͆̀̃͂͑̓̅̋͑͆̂̄̈̿͒͘͝ͅŗ̶̨͙͉̖̩͔̟̳͓͍͓̖͇̣͉̭̔͐͌̽̇͆͌̑͛͗̾̔͆́͝ę̴̡̛̼̫̮̞̗̱͉̯̪͙̞͇͎͍̜̹̖̟̦̋̑͋̅̾̽̔͊̅͑͑͛̅̾̀̄̂̍̔͋͑͑͝s̷̨̛͍̹͙̟̬̲͍̥͍͖̖͂͊̈́̂̍̽̓̉̏̾͐̀̐̆͂͐̑͑̈́̿͊́̈̐̄̌̊͊̈̑̆͊͘͜͝͝͠ͅ)̷̨̭̱̺̪̗̙̰̺̱͈͚̣͕̮̙̌̔͊̉̌́̇̀̓͂̂̂͑͒̌̎̾̚͝͝͝ͅ
He could see those eyes, and suddenly everything was shockingly clear... like a jolt, Tony was jump-started back into clarity..
But Answers were more important, which meant Tony needed to figure out where Howard hid all of his secrets. That secret lab, that was where he needed to start, the one Howard first built him in. That was his lead.
L̸̡̢̘̰̻͖̻̖̝͎̪͈̜̩̯̞̝͖̺͕͕͉̻͉͖̣̯̰͎̠̱͉͔̖͍̹̱̳̲͐̌́̇̍̒͑̈́̏͐̈́̀̔͗̐́͊̑̊̈̕͜͜͝ͅͅǫ̸̢̨̢̡͉̜̞̮̬̻̤̯̼̼̝̠͓̮̦̞͇̱̖͔̪͍̼̖͂͗̈́̾̒͋̄̄̾͑̌̋̇͆̈́̽̔̈́͊̅̈́̃͆̔̿̾̈́̀̃̚͘̚̕͜͜͝͠a̷̛̱͖̳͖̱̹̖̺͙̫̗̓͗̂̇̏́̽̈̓̓̆̿̾͑̈́͗̕ḑ̸̛͙̫͈̯͖̭̺͍̱̰͔̙̟̰͓͖̪̪̺͓̮͓̜͈̖̻̠͍̮̪̥̤̱̭͕̫͕̻͉̈̇͌͊͒̂̈̾͌̌̓̐̒̌̿̌͆̑̈̃̽̾̈́̿̿̾̽̊̆̄͊͆̐͘͠i̷̢̛̥̘͔̭͇͎͂̎́̆̾̆͒̀̿̄̐͊͋̒̋̓̔̐̿̎̂͘̚͝͝͝ņ̵̨͉̻̥̬͈͖̦̘̩̼̘̠̹̣̻͔̠͕̻͇̲̱̠͙̄͜ͅģ̸̡̮̗̩̪̰̣̥̳̥̞̘͓̳͓̭̱̟̪͚̠̭̩̬͍̬̬̻̘̪̗͊̇̄̊̔̆̈̿́̈͒͋̽̃̚͠͠ͅ ̵̰̥͉͖̼̬̐͐̆̔͊̏̽́̚͝Ā̷̡̧̢̙̫̭̤̼͎̭͉͍͍͙̦̦͓͇̟̭͔̼͆̔̂̉̐̆̀͑͒̈̊̎͑̇̒̈́̒͋̔̾̑̓͌́͐͂͆̔͌̋͊͛̇̀͌͛̽̾͛͘̕͜ͅn̶̡̨̯̜̥̞͓̺͔̫̟̥̺̞͈͎̺͔̹̬͇̻̟̥͍͕͙̱͓̩̱͔̼͈͊̀̂̇̃̅̓̀̏̌̚͠͝ͅͅt̵̨̢̡̧̨̨̛͓͖̥̳͍̻̖̫̩̹͇͕͍͚͕̯̰̱̠͉̳̼͇̟̫͍̟̝̺̣̍̓͗̅̍͒͑̈́̉͌́̋̽̊̈́͂̈́̿̎͌̐̓͌̊͊͆̽̉͐̀͒̐̕͠͝͝ĥ̸̢̢̢̨͓̼͕͙̣̤͙̲̦͓̗͎͖̙͓̠͓̼̭̺̤̳̲̝̺̺̗͓̣̫͕̤̪͕̙̝̤̼͖̬̊͆̿̀̓͌͌̏̆͂̈́͑̔̿̂͆͐̉͆̎̉̕͘ͅǫ̵̧̡̨̛͇͔̤̞̘̱̰͉͔̳͙̭͍̳̪̝̜͈̱̝̪̞͕̝̝̰͖̆̇ͅņ̴̧̝̘̼̪͉͕͇͎̻̣̗͙͔̰̬̩̜͉̣͇̥̘̻͕̇͐̓͒̈́̾̇̄̓̂͆̍͑̍̆̒̀̒͗̈́͂̊͑̐y̵̺͈̣̳̤̬͈̬̞͓̝̞̞̥͉̰͓̤̹̻̺̼̣̲̘̩̤̖̣͈̹̲̩̟̹͖͕̞̬̮͌͗̏̔̆͗̉̅̏̀̆̊̑͜ͅͅ.̸̨͉͖̫̫̭͔͗̂̎̅̈͊̇͛̋̈͆͋͛̊̓͑̇̑̒͂̇̋̃̀̈́̉̽͗̉̑͜͝͝ȩ̸̨̡̡̢̨̛̙̜̤͉͔̯̱̰̲͕̟̘̪̝͓̭̮̱͈̺̗̗͙̘͓̮͓̰̲͔͓͕̟̊̐̍͆̃͐̀͐̍̒͌̽̾͛͗̋͐̑̇̐̾̏̚̕̕͜͝͠ͅͅx̵̨̢̲̼̼̱̳̹͚͓͚̮͕̯̯̓͋̓̈̿̏̆̑̎͗̊̍͐̑̎̿͋̓̍͒̎̈͌̾̚͘͜͝͝ę̷̡̡̛̼̩̰̣͓͍̰͍̻̣̼̻̜̲̜͔͙̝͎̫͇̖͙̳̙͈̻̭̠͋̓̉̍͆͒̔̑̆͛̐̌̓͆̉̈́͂̅̈́̍̅͑̑̍̊̄͐̚̕̕͜͜
"No..." He still seemed in thought and finally he looked up towards Tony's camera, Tony could see his eyes, his mostly blue eyes. He looked...off. "I never thanked you for helping Bucky." He offered.
"My name is Doctor Strange, and I mean you no harm Captain. I am merely here to assist you out of this predicament you've so stupidly gotten yourself into."
He could feel something down his throat and it felt invasive while familiar; an unusual feeling in all honesty....like Tony was suddenly becoming aware of his own hand....his body was used to it, but his mind wasn't.
This took a bit longer than I thought, I hit a small writers block for a bit, but Im back on track. Thank you everyone who commented, the support always pushes me to write faster.
100% Download Complete....01001110 01101111 00101110 00101110 00101110 01110111 01101000 01111001 00100000 01100011 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 01101110 00100111 01110100 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110100 01100001 01101100 01101011
"Well first thing is first, we need to get the tower back and running again." Sam stated confidently right, they needed to fix this mess.
"Like I was saying...we don't know what messing with this lock will do." Bruce spoke out softly, finally pulling his eyes away from Steve...when...when had Bruce talked about that? Steve nodded, not fully comprehending, looking down at the scanner and the soft blue light the scanner gave off, it seemed almost....lovely...to look at, comforting.
It was last night when Steve started to feel....off.  Sadder than he originally did, angrier....lost. It had started with that nightmare, that nightmare that had been bugging him for a while now. He didn't remember much but at first he had thought it was his memory from putting the plane un- he didn't want to remember that. But that nightmare...it had been just as cold. Bucky had been there, and he was hurt, real hurt and he could see...something...mechanical. It was too blurry in his memory to really recognize it.
Nothing was adding up. What...what was happening? This made no sense, he heard the rules, there had to be archives! There had to- "Whoa that's weird." Steve couldn't help the jump away from Clint as he seemed to manifest out of no where.
Oh my God, Peter was making faces in the mirror. Tony watched in utter disbelief as Peter picked up a soap bar and started pretending to be Thor, bad accent and all.
Clint looked back with a smirk and a salute, and then jumped down on the extending cables of the elevator and slid down. Steve looked over at Bucky and for a second he wished he would see soft chocolate eyes compared to Bucky's usual Icey blue.....right....Anthony Stark...in another universe...Steve knew him..
"Howard Stark is responsible for the late Tony Stark's death." He stated, the answers being ripped out. Obadiah took a step back, almost looking shocked, but then tilted his head at the camera.
" Steve screamed out to all of them hoping they would catch on. All that stared back at him were blank stares. Then slowly Natasha's eyes slowly widened catching on, seeing such an expression crawl on her face was odd enough in itself, but he was too ecstatic to see recognition on her face.
And that's it! Let me know what you think! This chapter isn't nearly as exciting but WE FINALLY HAVE A REVEAL! THEY FINALLY KNOW ABOUT THE MEMORIES! This chapter was a bit longer, but I wanted to make sure that it was all cleared out and perfect, it's not that exciting but it is an important chapter. We are almost done and I just can't even explain at how important it is that all of you have stuck with this story! It means a lot to me to have so much dedicated and awesome people reading my first fic ever.
Which was also sad since the electricity liked her too. But it was okay...electricity also liked Jarvis, and Jarvis listened to it too, he would always laugh, he never understood it and electricity did like to playfully poke him when Tony dragged his feet across the carpet, but he would always listen when Tony told him to. Jarvis never knew what electricity was saying but he said he didnt have to if Tony could translate.
"Howard has implicated laws that not even your override protocols can reach." His voice was just as dull as before. Ms. Potts looked horrified at this statement.
Steve was so so thankful when Bruce started to move forward towards the elevator and the green tint on his fingers disappeared...
Happiness. The state of being happy. Happy. Feeling or showing pleasure or contentment. That...would be nice.
"Maybe we should let Ms. Potts ask the questions." Natasha hissed as she elbowed Steve. Ms. Potts nodded and went back to her questioning.
'We're here to talk about Tony" Natasha glanced back at Steve and Clint. Ms. Potts tilted her head and raised an eyebrow at that. "It appears he has been hacked." Natasha offered.
"Is everything alright in the Compound?" Steve looked up at Tony, his eyes looking bluer than Tony had ever seen them before...it was the video screen wasn't it, making the world have a light opaque blue tint.
January 30: The Psych eval showed no change with Stark, see file NO. 466789932B. Howard is still working on that Security system, he claims it will be in charge of everything, including Shield, his greatest creation. He changed the voice on the machine, it no longer sounds like a robot but like a person. The voice sounds like the late Anthony Stark, despite passing the Psych Eval I have my doubts on his mental state.
"Look I don't know...well anything about this person in our memories, but...If there is one thing I know, it's about therapy and PTSD, and I could see it in the man....I don't think he was a villain...but a victim. At least in my memory he was, Why would I tell a villain I'm sorry?"
"Whoa! Let's not act too brash here! There's no need to turn me off." Clint and Natasha looked even more alert, and that's when Bucky started shivering. Damn, the shock, Tony started to raise up the temperature for him.
Right that had to go...immediately. Tony knew a rule to break when he saw one, and Howard....Howard wasn't going to stop him. Tony was always good at breaking his rules.
"Of course not Captain." flickering back to Bruce as he was slowly starting to shift into being awake. another poking in the back of his head, another flickering and Tony was staring at a teapot on the stove. The coding scrolled again but it was one simple string. Heating up the stove so Bruce could make his tea.
Hey everyone I'm so sorry how long this took me and how short it is, I just have been dealing with a lot and honestly, my depression only seems to be getting worst, its taken a lot of effort to keep at this
No...He was Iron Man, and he was Tony Stark... He had a job to do, he had to get the Avengers safe, or all this universe merging was for nothing.
That was good though, Rhodey was safe, he'd make sure to keep tabs on him, but last was Peter, and Tony could just feel it, Peter was going to be a disaster when he found him.
Tony could feel the cool steel on his back, and was that leather? strapping him down into the table? Tony slowly blinked and saw wires, and a table being wheeled over....it had...surgical instruments on it. What...what were these for? Where was Jarvis?
There was hits... thousands of hits. Tony Stark, Anthony Edward Stark, his name was everywhere, not unlike in his own world but...If Tony Stark existed in this world then why was Tony in a machine, and not...in a body? Tony started to scan the sites, when he stumbled upon a birth date: May 29th, 1970
So if Tony really had gotten hacked...and had known how to fix Bucky's arm....that meant that someone from Hydra had hacked him. This wasn't good...not at all. Clint slowly walked out and had a paper in his hand. He slowly tilted it so Steve could just barely see what it said, although his body was positioned as if to hide it's contents from anyone else. It read: Shut down Tony. Steve felt his face get pinched at the thought.
"That boy, The....Spiderboy helped us out, we had called Shield to be ready for medical, but the Spider...kid was able to break into the system. Seemed he was worried for his friend- uhh Mr. Tony- you."
By the time Tony had ordered and received all the supplies, as well as made the suit it was way into the morning. But still quicker than any other suit had taken in all honesty. Well....maybe that was because he had already made this suit before. This time the Baby moniter protocol only took 30 minutes to make.
So...another memory...That meant....Tony had seen his body get up and move, that meant....Tony...Tony was a copy... Tony wasn't the real...
Aunt Peggy and Jarvis never came, Howard was very good at hiding that lab from them. By the time Tony had unplugged himself from the download, and had staggered out of the lab, luck was no longer in his favor. It was Howard who had found him, the consequence for running was to loose the ability to run again....after that the electricity in Tony's brain cut out. The young boy was no longer here for the world, but the electricity trapped in his chest and in the machine, fed memories from the boy it cared so much about found itself protecting that boy.
"These are the records...of Tony, and you can see Howard working...but...Steve...there are no secret archives."
"Good, now lay him down and hold him in place, while I work" He commanded, feeling more like himself. Sending in the rumbas he was careful to slowly have them pick up the arm and get to work. These rumbas were petty cool, they were little engineer bots, they were awesome, and this was not the time to be thinking about it.
For Tony it wasn't...in fact the third warning was barely even a warning...Howard was just expanding into his lab that's all! A secret lab something 'in case someone breaks in' he said. Seemed genuine...Tony didn't even notice, too focused on building his battery.
Clint slowly spoke up, "I remember eating at a table....after the Battle of New York, and a man in a metal suit was there eating with us." Clint offered and then snorted, "
"That's obvious! But what's your plan Steve!?" Natasha called out following Steve as he got in the elevator, once she was in he slammed the door closed, watching as Clint waved stood outside looking increasingly confused.
That alone was bad situation, but that determination; that determination could end a war. Or start one.
"Hey Cap, what up?" Steve looked up to Clint and he was wearing nothing...absolutely nothing except his boxers.
"Yes, they are my helpers." Tony offered watching Peter squat down and really look at the screens of the roombas, fascinated and laughing. Although Peter did look up and start to look around, spotting Tony's big metal dome form and glancing around it.
Thank you everyone for the support! I'm so happy to be writing again, and all you're comments made it all worth it.
"Yes...we need to establish the first memory and go from there, we all have the pieces we just need to finish the puzzle." Bruce told them already getting that scientist look in his eyes. Steve nodding along, it was a fair idea, and maybe they could finally figure out what was going on.
"As I was saying..." Ms. Potts lightly set the remote back on the desk and looked down at the floor in thought. "Tony is meant to protect whoever has come into his care, that is his main purpose. And he has done so efficiently from what I've seen, he's always protected me. But...back when Stane was in charge, he...did something to Tony." She shook her head.
The dome was splitting open, the metal was thick and Steve was able to reach his fingers inside and start pulling the sides of the dome open. He did register something grabbing his arms, something sticky, but it wasn't stopping him. He continued to pull and pull and suddenly he could see the darkness inside, he strained to pull it more open, it was then he finally could hear above the blood rushing passed his ears.
"Howard? Why doesn't he?" T.O.N.Y. distinctly could hear Ms. Potts' voice. It was always so clear and sure, like rules, it was always non-disputable.
"He-" Steve's voice cracked and he quickly cleared his throat, "Hello, Anthony, My name is Steve, do you know what happened to you?" Oh....
Steve looked over Bruce's shoulder at the ground and sure enough....there was a latch in the floor with a finger print scanner on the lock...
"My greatest creation." Right....Sir made him, made him to help people, to serve. Tony wanted to serve, he wanted to be good, he liked the way Sir looked at him with pride.
"You're looking at me." Tony watched as Peter froze up looking around, eyeing the dome not understanding. Tony couldn't wait to see Peter's reaction here, Peter got excited about the smaller robots, he would lose his mind about the fact he was speaking to an AI-whether that said AI is partially organic or not.
Tony was still connected to Peter's phone and honestly what a miracle that was. Tony wasn't left alone in the dark again, and miraculously not dead.
Tony tried to lift his head, he was trying so hard, why did his body feel like it was drowning. Suddenly he could see eyes...blue blue eyes.....with a hint of green...
"You said no Stark? As if you knew more than one." Steve whispered, Tony refocused up at Steve's face but he couldn't see it anymore, Steve was looking at the ground.
But damn, to think, even if Iron Man wasn't around...Obadiah Stane was still stopped. Iron Man wasn't needed...Hell that meant the battle of New York had been resolved without him. Someone else had handled the nuke...He wasn't even needed in this world at all. That was the most depressing thought since he arrived here, even sadder than the fact he died in this universe when he was seven.
And an even bigger threat to Peter's life. Well first thing was first, find out if Spider Boy existed.
"Right, as I was saying; we need to get me back to my main body in the Avenger's Tower, since you're out of that Tower...it's going to be a little more complicated. We are going to have to wirelessly connect me and-"
On the fourth month Tony was able to meet Rhodey again, and it turned out the other man had, had dreams about his long time college friend. Tony happily gave up a day of work to spend with Rhoday and to learn about this new one. It was very nice to be with Rhodey again, his protector over everything. A week later Tony was able to resee Peter, and fuck was that such a honor. Peter had cried- Tony wouldn't admit it but he had too. And Ned- Tony was adopting him next as honorary son- had cried out with excitement. Then Peter was given a new phone, Tony immediately transferred everything over and threw that phone away.
"So let's write it down." Natasha offered getting up to grab a pen and note pad. So they were starting now. That was good to know, but on one hand Steve felt worried Natasha hadn't gotten her cartoons, and that meant she could still be high strung.
The air was frigid around him, but it wasn't the most painful sensation. That belonged to the emptiness, the lack of buzz running through his brain and the loss of the static in his veins. When he reached out in his thoughts...there was only an echo in return, he forgot how vast his own mind could feel. It had been so preoccupied with the other T.O.N.Y. that he hadn't noticed how lonely he had been in his place.
Tony's black flickering eyesight switched to static for a moment as code began to scroll down his screen. Right....time to find this mainframe....smart Howard. Putting the 6th law in a double slashback, it kept it hidden from the actual mainframe, meaning if someone asked about Tony's laws, he wouldn't be able to speak it, seeing as his system wouldn't read it...which meant...technically...there was nothing stopping him from breaking that law. Honestly Howard.....and
Or that his AI him couldn't even hate Howard, and that was quite literally the worst thing that could happen to him yet.
"In our world Howard somehow killed Anthony Stark, and in the other world he didn't!" Steve told them when suddenly the reaction was beyond explosive.
"That's impossible" Pepper interrupted, well fuck. He called it. He knew she'd know, there goes his cover story.
Omg this sure took a while, This one sure was difficult to write, but we finally finally have all our answers....and with that we only have one last chapter. And this is over.
Tony liked electricity...he liked the way it crackled in the air and the way it settled in the floor. He liked the way it built up to be stronger than anything, but how it started so small. He liked the way it spoke; how it raised his hairs and sung.
Guy in the chair???? What? Ned....Ned...Tony knew that name...Why..did he know that name? Ned...Ned...
"Ferrei sunt" Clint called out without waiting for an answer. Steve froze...."Ferrei sunt?" Wha-what did that mean?
"Don't hurt yourself Tony, we both know today will be unpleasant and quite honestly I can see your facade," Strange walked forward as Tony sighed dropping the fake smile.
But everyone was looking at Steve expectantly...well...someone had to do it, and Steve supposed he was the best for it.
The second time he woke up, it was much more peaceful. His hand was warm and his eyes were heavy but not as heavy as they had been; and for once....Tony was clear of mind when he was being slammed into reality. By the time his eyesight finally cleared up he was able to see the muscular blonde next to his bed. With an extreme effort Tony was able to turn his head to see thick hands grasping onto his own now frail ones. The knuckles were swollen and bandaged and Tony would know those hands anywhere...Steve.
there was no way in or out....how had...Peter gotten out?  "How did you get out of the Avenger's Tower?" Tony asked softly.
"I don't understand?" Bruce uttered out-loud as Clint yawned, "This dome....it's all...cosmetic?" He knocked the metal and listened to the echoed reverberations bouncing along the walls.
something. Peter needed a better suit, the Avengers needed an AI, and...Howard....Howard needed to burn.
This was it? There was nothing here! Just concrete and him! What was he supposed to do with this? He needed archives files...recordings....and he knew exactly where to get those.
"He asked me to tell him all of Howard's main secrets that I had stored in my archives." Pepper brought one hand up and tapped her chin softly.
Steve needed to leave. He needed to get out. It was then that a small red alarm flickered on for a second, then faltered and shuttered out of existence. The alarm that magic was being preformed inside the Tower.
Tony looked back at the kid him...he...he wasn't kid him anymore...his hair shaved and his arms and legs bloody...that hospital gown back again
"Dr. Strange, yeah we've met, okay kid, PLAN TIME!" Tony quickly cut Peter off, Peter nodded looking sheepish.
"Sounds good!" Steve tried to seem cheerful as he looked over Natasha and Clint's faces, "Sam! Watch over Buck for me, will ya?" He asked softly, Sam nodded with a half smile, instantly going into therapist mode, huddling next to Bucky. Steve nodded then turned grabbing his keys for the car as he headed out. They all silently walked into the elevator and the silence persisted as they walked out of the compound. Getting into the driver's seat Steve listened as Natasha and Clint both clambered into the car. Steve started the gas and started to pull out of the drive way heading towards the city. Steve opened his mouth to talk when Natasha quickly cut him off.
Tony could hear the motions of the wire tugging away at something, the soft squished sounds doing nothing good for his nerves. Tony gave one more violent tug and with another sickening pop, sounding like a water bubble exploding Tony's eyesight went black.
"Or Howard hid something inside you." Steve took another step forward and the small robots at his feet parted away allowing him access towards Tony's full body.
That meant that he...he wasn't exactly Tony Stark....he was a mix between T.O.N.Y. and himself, that...that was weird, suddenly being put in the body of AI was okay, he could work with it. But finding out he wasn't exactly..himself anymore was...man did that hurt. So...he couldn't delete that code. The others were okay. He could work with this, maybe with time he could...influence himself to change.
Tony choose to be quiet this time as Peter started filling in Ned to what had happened in the last couple of hours,
"Okay...Okay..." She had her nailed in her mouth biting it, "Look I don't know how to do a manual reset, but I think I might know a fix." She offered looking more than a bit horrified by the suggestion. "An Override code that only works for the CEO's of the company...It was how Stane knew how to program in Tony, It makes it so Tony must tell us everything." She stated looking determined.
"Look Sam, I didn't know what to do, I thought maybe...the less people that knew, the easier it would be to contain the situation? Especially if anything that happened to Tony meant we would all be....trapped..." Steve's voice drifted off.
His vision flickered again and he was looking back at Steve who was now standing up and wringing his hands as if nervous.
"He isn't a villain." Bruce said taking a seat on the floor, cross-legged, which Steve had never seen him do before. But he didn't have time to really focus on the oddity of it, since the comment alone was something that shook Steve to his core. Why did he feel so cold at that....
Tony stood up from the white nothingness, towering over the bloody broken copy of him. Fuck, this was wrong.
"Okay....now I'm really lost, what the hell is going on, and why are we having a shouting match with the name Stark?" Clint called out also jumping up. But Steve and Natasha ignored him, still launching the word Stark back and forth.
Now Tony remembered...he was impressed with the kid's work, it wasn't everyday that someone was able to break into Tony's code, and even then the kid had done it pretty damn easily, but he was young and Tony had gotten the alert, and boy had he been pissed off, on one hand Tony knew that yes...he would have done the same had be been in that situation, but he was never going to admit that to Peter, he was trying to be a good role model. Not....relatable.
"Oh trust me body! I know! I've seen the memories! I know what went down with Daddy Dearest! But If I can merge into this
Luckily Peter didn't even seem to notice when Tony snatched up the sweat suit and put it in the incinerator.
"All of those rules seem consistent to a secret, but what about the dismantling?" Steve offered, it seemed a bit odd.
"Look Tony has been looking out for me ever since I entered this company, back when Stane was CEO. In fact it was Tony that had caught Stane, and when Stane had tried to kill all who knew the truth of his...weapons trafficking, Tony told me where he was so I could avoid him, and had alerted the police." Pepper spoke softly, even in this universe he wouldn't let her down, he knew it.
He...He needed information, and now. Tony flickered away from the camera view of the machi-him, that was him, that was
Suddenly the kid's red rimmed eyes felt perfect for the occasion, Steve wanted to cry, how had he done that...Steve closed his eyes shut tight and took in a deep breath counting to ten in his head, a trick to get him to calm down. Sam had always told him it was a good idea. When he opened his eyes, Doctor...Strange had already made a new spark portal and the kid was being walked through it with Natasha. On the other side was a room, there was a bunkbed and posters of the Avengers plastered all over the walls, and Lego sets of....something laying across the shelves, clothes strewn everywhere.
"Look, I just think...he was apart of us...apart of the Avengers. The Wizard, Dr. Strange even said there was a Civil War in the Avengers, maybe....maybe he was on the opposite side as us?" Bruce had a point...maybe that was what the nightmare had been about, when Bucky had gotten hurt by that man, they were just opposite sides? And yet they had allowed it to go that far?
Tony's eyesight flickered as if he was moved, and the darkness wasn't so dark anymore, but a fuzzy grey, and suddenly Tony understood. He wasn't cut off from all his lines, he could feel the electricity reverberating through him. He was still connected to Peter's phone!
Bruce sucked in a breath and pressed his thumb into his bottom lip, and finally pipped up. "So...memories seem to revolve around this Brunette man? You-" Bruce pointed at Natasha, "were undercover to do something with this dying man....Then he stopped the nuke of New York?" Sam nodded at that with a confused look,
So Spider Man existed. That was good to know, but also....disappointing. That meant Tony's life wasn't enough to fix everything for Peter. Peter deserved to have a full and happy family.
Tony could feel how weak his muscles were, he remembered how muscles used to feel, and this...this was definitely not that. Tony slowly twitched his fingers and with a loud snap Steve scrambled up to look at Tony with the brightest...bluest eyes Tony had seen in a while. Even the small imperfection of green seemed to drag out the bluer portions on his eyes. Steve's eyes were wide and his mouth agape, and when their eyes met, Steve smiled impossibly bright.
Howard was grumbling something, he sounded distorted and warped, and it was so so so cold. Everything was so so hazy, was he falling?
And so came the real questions, whether Loki had been around to mess with his head or any new villainous activity, but Tony had no answer, so what were these dreams then?
"If I can help you with anything else Coulson, do ask." he offered as another sting came as that original wire before was unplugged from his back. Tony would make sure to never make that mistake of getting errors again, that was a mistake, but it was a bit familiar, especially if Howard was the one that made this machine.....although...that wasn't to say Tony couldn't fix that.
"So the 6th law...Never detach the mainframe download from the power source? Let me guess....I'm the power source? And you...you're the Mainframe download?" Tony finally opened his eyes and looked back over at the empty being next to him, it nodded once at that, and the black oil from his eyes dripped further down his chin and splattered onto the floor with a sickening slurp noise.
6? 6 Rules? Wait....no....there...there was never 6 rules, there had only ever been 5? No....He wasn't...he wasn't allowed to mention law number 6.
Tony closed his eyes and took a deep breath there. So that was that....Tony probably wasn't going to be able to do this all by himself...as much as that hurt to know he couldnt just
"Tony, welcome back." She smiled, but still looking concerned, "Are...are you okay?" She asked softly.
"Clint, go get the pizza, I don't want whoever is watching us to get suspicious." Steve ordered and Clint nodded, running inside the crowded shop.
"What do you mean cosmetic?" Bucky asked behind Steve making Steve jump up in fear. Damn...what was with the Avengers and constantly jumping up behind him??
"That's amazing! W-who made you? Did you make yourself! You don't have any power source, sooooo, you must be self sufficient, how is that? How did you pick your voice, do you have a gender? Do you feel emotions, cuz it sounds like you do Mr. Tony!" Peter getting closer his hands out raised as he flips up those stupid makeshift goggles.
"Why?" Pepper asked trying to sound confident but Steve could see her hands gripping each other in such a way that proved her nervousness.
"We don't have much time, we don't know what Tony can do." She growled out as, Damn was that a civilian! She then turned, Steve could feel the car tip.
"Not, like that! I mean we live together! LIVE! He's not even- hes not my type!" Goodness Natasha always had to get him with those suspicious eyes, he didn't need this he needed answers, not questions about his love life, he had meant live!
"On a mission for the Avengers." Pepper nodded at that but both Steve and Natasha looked confused, right...they hadn't seen the blue prints, Tony only remembered because it was from his universe.
If Tony could smirk he would. A new opportunity had appeared, no law against acting human and finally the AI him was acting normal. Emotional people tended to revealed more than they wanted. And AI him clearly did not have a cool head at the moment.
"What do you mean cosmetic?" Bucky asked behind Steve making Steve jump up in fear. Damn...what was with the Avengers and constantly jumping up behind him??
I also have been feeling so exhausted, and in all honesty this chapter is meant to be longer, but this is all I could do for right now, I don't want you all to wait even more.
Tony didn't care to look at Steve's face at the answer merely focusing in on a charcoal drawing Steve had started days ago.
S̷̢̨̨̢̡̢̨̡̧̨̛̛̗̩̳̟͉̥̰̣͇̪̹̻͇̫͙̬̭̥̙̳̟̪͓̭͈͓͔̙̬̫͈̟̗̜̦̭̳̘͎̳͎͇͔̠̘̜̟̠͖̪̙͓̞̻̞̤͇͖̟̻̣̼͔̼̺̘͈̝̪͇̞̜͔̲̤͈̬̯̰̲̮͚̭̻͚̭̟̣̮̤̳̩̥͍̝̟̙̼̱͙̼͕̥̬̮͓̺̰̞̗̬͇̞̥͖̮̺̘̞͈͔̟͕͉͈͎̲̤̘͎͎̪͇̦̖̩̼̟̜̭̪̻͇͇͕̼̼̯̱̺͉̼̙̝̅͆͋͐̉͑̿̑̍̽̎̔͆̑͐͑͂̒̈͑͛̒͐̍̐̃͋̅̋̊̊̾͒̌͂͂͗͋͆̐̋̔̔̈́̐̕͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͝ͅͅͅt̵̢̨̢̧̡̢̢̧̧̧̛̛̰͈͙͈̦̞̪̬̮̮̱̜͍̫̮̺͇̝̦̱̝̪͓̠̲͙̩̠̗̭̝͇̭̝̯̮̭͕̩͕͈̗̮̤̣̰͍̲̖̜̞̠̻̼̘̙̦̦͕̱̺͓͇̠͍͖͓͕̭̮̺͎̲͔̉̏̅̉̆̒̉̃͂̊̃͗͒̾͆̄̈́̋̎͛͑̀͑͌͛̔̐̄̍̌̆͌̆̌̓̾͆͛̀͐͋̂͂͒͂̓̇̌̏̈́̄̐͑͌̿͊̓͑̏͑̈́̍̔͗̋̿̇̅̅̒̏͌̿͂́̉̌͊̈́̎̿̅́͊̅̔̀͐̋̒̏̂̾͋͊̀́͌͐͊̅̐̂̊̎͂͆̾̔̂̍̍͐͗͒̓̽̇̐̃̐̉͛͒̓̈̄̾͛͌̇̕͘͘͘͘̕̕͘͘̕͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͝ͅȩ̷̨̡̢̧̢̧̧̢̡̡̡̢̨̢̛̛͎̘͍̹̺͍̲̰̹̬̗̳̥̘̼͎̮̼̩̗̘̯̘̰̭̜̯̮̘͍̦̜̠͇̫̗̼̮͕͙̟̝̯̼̱̹̘̺̯̜͓̟͕͈̜̹̳̠̠̣̯̘̪̞͇̪͖̞͕̮͔̼͉̲̝̦͍͚̖̜̮̖͕̫̭͈̤̩̗̹͚̦̲̞͉̩̤͇͙̠͎̦̩͔̞͕͍̮̭̮̗̝̯̜̘̺̻̩̲̖̥̺̖͖̼̭̃̀̔̔͊͊̃̈̽̂̽͛̎̈́̌̇̓͛͗̓̓̒̂̅̊̏̅̊͌́̐͊͒̀́̂̿̌͗͆̄̃̈̈̃̎̌̅͋̅̈́͊̋̏̓̂̅͋̉͂̄̒̏̄͋̏̎͆̍̿̃̏̓̓̍͂͒̒͊̀́͋̎̄͒̊͛̏̄̅͐̍̓͆̊̒́̇̋́̿͑̄͋̊̃̉͆͌̎̈́̇̂͐̆̍̂̔̔̊͂̃̾̌͌̈́̚͘̕͘͘̕͘̚̕̕͘̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅV̵̡̢̨̧̨̨̡̢̢̡̡̡̨̢̧̨̨̧̧̨̛̛̳͎̝͕̦̫͎͉̘͓̭̮͉̱̟̝͕͙̼͈̘͚̩̞͎͉͓̻̠̭̻͚̠̟̱̹̠̰̘̦̳̝̞̭̝͈̳̗̦̮̪̞͖̻͖͎̣̙̫̩̝̻̖̫̜̘̙̮̖̦̫̜͍̠͚̺̰͍̗̱̮̺͇̳̳͖̳̘̱̜̫͖̫͈̫̱̻̖̫͖̪͔͙͓̩̦̺̹̝̩̘̗͖̞͈̥͔̻̦͈̬̼͔͙̰̯̹͓̺̙̦͚̥̙̖̥͇͈͕͖̜̯̫͚͎̰̖̪̹̞̓̑̏̒̒̅̽̾͗̌̑̈́̃͛̓̒͛̑̉̓̆̐̈̈́̾̈̓̑̏̈̾̆̆̑̈́̀̎̅̒͂̓̿̓̏̂̊͂̌̐̿̔̊̌̒͆̂͑̓́͋̓̽̃̄͊̄̔̍̿͆͂͑̽̋̽̂̋̌̚̚͘̚̕̕̚͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅę̸̢̛̮̬̱͇̥͇͕͙̩͎̖̮͚̱̘̝̩̬͇͙̲͎̦̹̦̦͍̤͉͇̣͈͉̟̠̙̥̤͇͓̳̱̦͎̦̰̬͚̥͋͊̈́̂̿̍̈́̈́͆̽͋̓̽͋͛̋̋͑͒̍͐͆̋̆̑̈́͋͊̐̉̀̈̈͆̆̆̉͗̆̐̈̓̔̓͂̈́̋̃͑̀̅͋̋͌͛̃͛̈̽̀̀̈͒̀̃̉̃̉̊̎̒̑̌̍̍̐̎̀̀͌̓͑̅̌̌̄͆͆͛̆̽̊̍́̽̋͆̈́͐̇̌̀͐̐̈́̉̈́̃͆͗̃̈́̍͐̽͆̊͛̈́̑̌̉̈͆̽̊̍́͑̈͘̕̕̚̕̕̕̕͜͜͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅ ̴̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̝͙̱̟̮̖͖͎͓̮͕͙̻͇͈̤͇͕̰͈̯̲͌̈́̿̃̎̇͑̊́̏̇͛͐͂̅̒̄̉̐͂̐̊͊̎̽̒͒̔̈͋̇͋̓͌̍̍̊̿̅̎͛̈́̈̃̈̑̇̽͌͊̓̎͗̅̂̏̔͊̇̇̈́̏̈́͐͂̋̍̎͗̊̾̌̂̏̄̉͂͋͆̓͆̓̈́̄̉̊̓̀̾͗͊̇͐̀͊͆̀͆̀̋̀́̆͂̈́̎̾̉͋̿̈́̾̀̑̇͛͊͌̔͂͂̍͂͗͛̑́̋͊̈́͐̉̆͊̇̌̎̽̃̈́̉̈́̒̊̾̽̐̿͂̈́̊͂̍͊͐̇͌͋̀̓̒̄̑̈́͋̓̉̾̐̀̅̆͒͌̃̈͛̾̃̊̽̔̈́̎̃̓̿̂̏̏̄̈́͑̈̂̌̃͆́̾̿̿͛̂̀̍̍͒̒̿͐͋̇̈́͌̈̉͗͛̇̌̈́͆̓̑̃̆̑̄̽̈́́̋̓̇̕͘̚̕͘͘̕̚͘͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅS̴̡̧̢̡̨̢̢̢͖̘̬̼͔̩̰̻̺̥̤̘̣̩̪̤̝̭̹̖̮͖͚̜̖̠̫͉̱͔̹̜͎̙̱̯̣̬̱̯͖̞͍͙̣̗͍̳̰̻͙̱̳̟͚͓̦̺̼̬̼͕̘̙̲̫͖̳͔̋̅͒͐͐͒̒̈́̿̕̕͠ͅt̶̨̢̡̨̧̧̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̻̯̯̗͍̙͕̩͉̤͈̪̝̙̣͕̳̼̪̣̱̺͓͙̪̞̜̫̺͙͍̥͍͔̝͍̩̭͈̤̟̥̩̞̙̥̪̼̲̻̰͕̻̤͖͖̟̞̥̞͔͖̟͉̬͚̦͒̾͋͗͆̀̎͆̎̊̎̂̊̍̎̊̍̇̈́͛̄͗̽̌̊̓͋͐̂͋̈́͂͋͐̈́̊̈́̉͂͒̅̽͌̊̆͗̀̀̓̽͛̓̇͊̄͛̋̇͑̈̍͌̆̍̋̈́͂̊̓͗̉̌̋͌̃̂̈́̍̐̄̽̈́̌̎̈́̈́̈̄̉͐̿͗̀̆̌̉̆͗̈́͛͒̓̃́͒́̏̈́̒͗͆͊̑͗̒̃̎͋̈͋̀̅̔͒̾̌͗̉̄͌͐̊̅̃̔̈́͗̊̍̓̂̆̈̿̚̚͘̕̕̚͘̕͘̕̚̚̕͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅơ̷̛̬͚͕͕̻̩̦̺̰͉̞͚̥̖͕͇̄̇̌̎̋͂̊̈́͊̿̽̌͋͆̀̇̉̒͊̃̽̌́̋͛̐̌̍̀̈́̃́̔̅̈́̈́͊͆͐͒̆́͆͛̀̇͛͂̂̏̀͂͐͂̐̏̿̑̉̀̅̎̏͊̈̈͛͛͛̔̊͆̈̍͐̏͐̂̈̍̃̈́̂̒̿̑͛̀̌̈́̄͌͂͛͌͂̔̂̊̆͐̕̕̚̚̕̚̕͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠P̷̡̢̡̧̡̡̨̧̢͚̭̪͉̬̗̖̝̮͙̰̺͔̲̤̮͔͙̦̜̗̹̝̻̰͈̞̞͕̯̼͔̝͕̱͖̗̣͍͍͓̰̱̩̜͎̞̲̳͔̯̥̠̜̱͖̯̮͍̝̺̹̟̬̾̿͋͑̾̆̐͌̍̏̈́̔̈́̀̓̌̌͑̂̑̽̍͒͊̾̑̊̽̈̇̐́̑̈́̔̍̉̊́̆́͋̿̐͒͌̊͛́̊̏̋̉̿̓͊̃͌̈́͒̓̿̅̈͋̂͆̒͂͛͐̈́̈̅́͒͆̀͒͗̐̃̆͑̄̊͐́͐̾͊͒́̆̽̓̅͑̈́́̃̎̀̏̉̄͂̀̓́̓͌̿̚̚͘͘͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅ! P̵̡̨̧̡̡̡̢̨̡̨̡̨̢̡̨̨̢̨̢̧̡̛̛̛̯̯͍̟͚̮̻̩̱̝͍͇̥͙͔͕̯̫̳̬̰͔̬̜̦͚̟̮̫̭̬͎̣̻̺͎̳̝̣̖̖̪̜̫͎͈͚͙͙̪͈̼͓͍̣̰̰̘̞͓̣̜͈̜̬͚͓͓̮̜͔̪̺͎͕͙̝͖̦̹͉̭͔̘͉̣̮̞͍͙͎̗̙̯͙̲̲̪͙̥̣͙̦̟̟̥͇̲̘͔͈̙̮̪̤̯̪̩̳̬͈̘̗̰̻̲͕̟͈̥̝͙̣͓͍̫̟͙̝͕͍̗̝̟͎͕͖̹̞͉̥̬̣̲̩̣̣̮̄̅͗̇̇͂̊̈́͛̾̂͗͂̊͊͌̈́̎̄͗̏̄͑͗̏̎͋̽͛͂̃̓́̐̔̈́̓͒̋̂̎͛͊̂͑̓̑̃̿̉͛͋̂̈̈̒͑̈̀͊͋͐̐̓̿͛̌̈́͌̾̆͒͑͒̈́͛̔̽̓̑̒͋̆̆͒̅̀̆̃̈͂͛̑̔͑͛̋͆̓͘̚̚̚̕͘͘͜͜͜͝͠͝͠ͅL̸̢̧̡̡̨̡̧̢̨̢̡̨̨̧̢̨̢̢̨̨̧̧̛̛̮͕̲̰̬̤̙̠͖̫͍̼͖̩̬̼̦̝͎̮̟̦̗̤̤͇̭͇̱͓̦͇̰̘̯̣͉͉̟̤̥̜̬̱̭͓̭͔͓͎̝͖̩̻̱͓̼̼̼̘̫̝̺͍̲̟̹̳̜̺͚̟̜̙̬̘͉̫̥̥͙̖̱̤̹̜̗̻̱͎̫̪̦̦̗̞̬͍̼̳̱͙͔̖̮͉̝̪̼͔̮͈̲̠̮̘͇̻̩̤̝̤̲̖͎̯̯̺͕̣͉͉̭͓͍̳͙̺͈̗̰͚̰͔̫͍͖̜̯̙͇̫̬̙̙̟͚͇͉̼̻̜̼̊̑̂̊̍͆̅̓̾́̎͊̒̇̉̊̐͋̐̓̀̌̂̌̑̇̓̓̋̓̊̽͌́̍́͌̎́̓̿̇̈́͌̑̎̽͋͋͊̈́̍̄̒̿̆͑͛̏̆̔̎̃̆͂̎̄̓̾̇̃̆̉̂̂̋̂̾̒́͂̓́̿̍͊̀͛͌̿̋̾͊̈̀̾͋̑̿̈́̓͂̈̇̂̇͋̔̑̔́̔͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅe̴̡̧̢̢̨̢̢̢̨̢̡̡̧̡̧̡̡̢̢̢̢̨̡̼̮͕͇̪̮̥͇̥͈̲̳̖̩͍̼̟̱̘̜̫̘̹̱͔̹͇̳̞̻̩̻̖͇͖͇̬͍̬͈̦̙̩̥͓̮̜̻̲̜̰͚̼̬͚͓̯͕͈̩̳̰̭͔̘͚̰̳̫̯̰͓̬͉͕͍̗̻͇̝͓͉̫̬̫̟͎̩̘̗͙͇͓̻̪̩͙̘̖̖̲̫̗͎͔̱̮̗͙̻͙̹̻̖̥̤͈͙͔͉̺̲͇̩̺͎̹̞͔̗͇͚̱̜̺̟͈̜̩͙̥̬͔̯̫̱̞͚̮͙̞̯̭̺͈̬̫̬͎͖͍̝̭̙͎͍̙͔͙̝̬̝͙̣̫̙̟͖̖̱̩͖̝̤͙̳̫͓̯̪̟̥͈͚̼̭͎̘͈̯̯͕̩̗͓̫̮͍̭̞͇̞̖̻̘̙͉͖̫̤̣̙̳͓̺̻͖̼͖̞̊́͜͜͜ͅͅͅͅĄ̵̧̢̧̨̢̢̧̢̨̛̛̛̛̼̲͉̦̣͎̫̝͉̻̩̤̝̯̮̺̬̩̪̗̠̗͇̩̼͇̰̝̱͍̞͈̙̮̗̠̥͓̜͔̙͉̼̼̝̩̦͈͍̠͖̪̼̟͔̳͈͙̟̞̟͕̩̠̼̦͔̹̺̞̰͉͖͙̣͇̫̰̠̯̱̼̥̙̪̫̣̬̮͓͍̟̰̞̰͈̟̼̫̤̥̱͕͙̞͉̍͊͒̾͒̇̔͊͐̆̏͋̋̍̈́͗͊͆̔̉̐̍̀̈́̒̈́̊̏̓̀̎̍̈́͂̀̓͛̉̂͗̈́̈͋̓̓͋͊͂̾͆̂̆̋̉̍̏̈́͌͌́͂̑̔͛̿̍̐͐̈́͑̈̏̏̆̊̐̑͂̂̽͌̋̑̓̈́̑͐͌̊̐̑̈̅̎̽̽̅̐͑̾̍̆̿͋̏͛̃̀̿͗̍̂͂̀̿̆̂̍͋͂͂̈́͊̐̂͗͛̉̒͒̽͛͌̂̽͗̍̌̈́͋̈́̀̍̆͋̋͊͗̃̿̚͘̕̕̕̚͘̕̕̚͘͘͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝s̶̡̡̨̢̢̡̢̧̢̨̧̢̡̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛͉̯̜̖̲̲̫̱̝͈̘̦̘̩̼͙͉̪͎̮̦̬͚̼̳͔̖̖͇̠̳̥̜̗̖͙̬̟̭̙̘͍̻͖͎̹̙̖͇̩̻͓̭̜͎͉̟͙͍̗̠̯͇͇̦͈͚̘̮̠͓̼͚̙̹̗̰͉̟̫̤̹̯̗͉͚̺͍̲̼̭̹̺͍̣͇͔̠͖̦̥̱̣̬̤͓̞̖̤̺̜̣̤̯͓͖͖͕̥̘̟̩̤͍͒̈̊̈́̄̑̄̏͊̓͒́͛̎͒̈́̉͑̑̆͆͐͂̎͆̇̓͌̒̌̐̊̀͂̂̾͆̋̔͐̏̂̇̀̏̑͛̍̑̓̋͗̆͒͋̃̐̎̔̿͊͒̉̉̈́̔̌̀̈͛̏͐̆͊̀̐̂̃̎̒̉̓̿͛̇̀͂͒̅̃̈́̈̐̑͐̔̃͊̏̓͛̀̈́̃̀̒̑͋̉͐͗̿̋́̑͊̂̈́͑̏̄̉̇̽̅͌̎̅́̋̄͂̑̈́̃̆̂̆͐̃̽̋͊̒̃̔͛͐̐͆̄͊̀͂͌̀̂͆̔̋͒̍̂̿̋͛̆̒͗̈́͐͗͐̆͊͑̃̏̂͆̊̒̉͐͛̈́̽͂̑͑̚̚͘͘̚̕̕͘̚͘͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅȅ̶̢̧̛̘̦̼̠͉̲̘̖͚͙̙͚͈͉̪̫̩̬̮̜̥̰̹͚͍̩̟͎̇͑͒̐̕͠͝ͅͅ!
It was just so frustrating. He closed his eyes again hoping for sleep to come again, and luckily for him his wish was granted.
When Steve jumped down into the dark cavern below he was surprised by the smell. It was a strange smell, and not one that would remotely be considered pleasant. The smell was sterile and yet musky with this sharp buzzing in the air, and Steve could hear the machinery.
"Oh of course Mr. Tony!" Tony's eyesight split in a unique way he had never seen before, splitting between the phone camera on Peter's phone and the security cameras on the floor and elevator. It was an interesting way of viewing the world, he could just focus on one side and it was like his eyesight filled up with the camera view. Setting the elevator to rush, watching it start heading down the floors, passing the still black out main living common room, and all the lower floors until he hit the basement. Tony watched as Peter did even more gushing of wide eyed joy, glancing around the concrete room and staring at Dummy, You and Butterfingers.
It...was circular...and dimmed and brightened, as if it was breathing...it...looked familiar. Too familiar. It was the arc reactor.
"I'm an AI, I am the one that runs most of the Avengers life, this metal dome is me." Tony offered, watching as Peter started to process the information. His mouth slowly dropping and his eyes widening, a small squeak pealing out of his mouth.
Tony tugged even hard and it..didn't hurt...it didn't hurt, but the red pouring down his arms said otherwise. He felt his skin tug again and he didn't care the wires had to get out! He could hear the squelches of the wires tugging out something with them, he couldn't feel the pain that caused the warm blood to run down his arms, nor the sensation of the wires moving inside his head, but he could see something changing. His eyesight was....flickering? Flickering and fluttering and shaking and Tony felt his stomach twist and upend. Something was wrong, something was wrong,
"You deleted that law?" Pepper asked she took a step back and almost bumped into Natasha. Tony had control over his laws...that meant...there was nothing keeping him in check...that was horrifying. What was keeping Tony in place?
He had wanted to make the world proud, his father, his mother....Steve. He wanted perfection...He wanted to save the world in any way he could.
By the time Tony did awake it was too late. With a weight so heavy in his chest, and his lungs so far compressed, it was a miracle at all he survived. But maybe electricity had something to do with that too. It buzzed in his heart and in his mind and now...in his chest.
̶̢̢̡̨̧̧͉̪̫̣̺̼̪̼̼̭̰̣̫̳̮̞͓͎͖̩͍̩͔̭̖̗͍͇̥̹̠̻̝̖̫̜̹̈͗̈̿̓͑͒̊̈́̓̊͒͋͌̄̏̎̒͑̄͑̍͗́͒̉̈̆̕̕͝͠͝ͅS̶̢̢̢̢̪͍͕̱͕̻̼̥͚͔̯͎̪̫̥̝̰̳̝̙̱̖̬̮̬̙̥͖͕͊̍͌͐̉͌̃̉̿̄̈́̚͜͠ͅͅI̶̯̹̹͕͓̰̘̘̣̞͉͓͓̖͇̗̣̝̜̘̜̩̥̲̟̻̟̮̯̣̺̘͖̘̗̝̖̦̮̟̘͕̙̗̜̤̰͙̻̱̰̭̪͉̠͕̒̉̈̍͛̀̂͂̎̅̑̂̈́̏́̓̃̎̕̚̚͜͝͝͝ͅͅŖ̶̢̨̪̺̳̲̯͍̺͓̮̩͚̮͉̠̠͇̹̼̩͓̜͒̍̏̿́̂̈̈́̄̊͐̈̆́͛͊̏́̀́̌̊͗͊̈́̆̂̒̎͗͝͝͠͝ ̴̢̧͓͍͖̳̰̫̤͉̲̲̞͈̬̦̘͎̠̼͉̬̭͙̟͙̤̗͎͔̟͎͍̱͉̬͙̭̞̺͍͙͈̖̐̒̃͑͒̑̉̅̄̒̌̈̍̌̾̒̎͒͘ͅṖ̵̨̢̢̧̨̛̛͓̱̩̠̹̠͕̣̳͉̬̖̤̳̣̰̰̗̝̪̦̼̩̻̼͍͓̫̥̱͈͈̞̳̥̩͔̺͇̗̗̻̠̝̭͙͖̂̎̈́̉́́̈́̊̃̌̏̂̍́̓͊̂̄̅̏̍́͋̈́̊̈́͐͌̎͆̅͂̂̍̽͌̔̏̿͑͛̋̀̊̽͂͂̈́͗̕͘̕̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͠Ų̵̨̡̡̛̖̪̼̭̭̝̦͓̠̝̟͇̹̦̦̹̞̖̮̳̩̜̟̜̤͕͕̝̯͕͍͓̙̬̮͈̞͈̟̍͒̍̈́̈̈́̀̂̉̌̚͜͜͜͝T̵̡̻̗̬̻̣̤̰̼̣͉̔̏͐͗̓͆̽̃̇͐͒̍̉̀̉̾͒̄͂̿̀̃̈́̎̆͌̔̈́̏͒̓̏͒̃̓̿̃̎̉̈̐̕̚̚͠͠͝͝͠ ̵̧̢̨̨̧̧̭͓̝̘̲͍̟̼̪͚͕̩͔̳̣̻̦͓͍̬̹̙͍̦̫̝̖̝̮͙͈̘͉̙͇̞͓͈̳̟̖̫̬̘̹̔̍͊̽̈̊͊̉̚͜͠͝͠I̷̡̩̣͉̟̖͍̜̞̦̖̤̖̥̤̺͉͉͇͎͍̤͙̬̙̝͎̯̖̞̝̮̗̱̟͍̹̫͖̿͆̽̓͐͐̉̆̅̿͒̈́̍̒̀̃̃̐͋́̌̌̔̏̔͋̍͑͂̓̊̍͋͒͒̀̾̌̕̕̕͘̕̕͠͝Ņ̸̧̛̛̦̼͚̖̹̹͖͎͍͖̳̣̪͉̼̜̟̯̰̞̩̹̫̪͕̘͕̭̲̤̦̥̦͉̪͓̳̫͎̭̩͔͉̪̜̹̞̘̖͈̟̍͆̉̅̽͊̂͒̀͌̚͜͠͠ ̷̢̧̡̧̛̛̲̹̩͍̲̠͙̝͚̟̯̗̪̖̲̠̭̬̱͚̞̲̳͖̫̼̞͚̤̼̣̤̖͖̠̙͎͕̲͖̦̰͕̥̮̦͔̜̝͉̖̌̋͌̽͋̀̌̔͂͐́̂̈͊̆̈́̆͘̚͜͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅP̸̢̨̢̛̭̯͖̫̤̦͉̱̣͙͈͍̯̪̻̯̭̜̟̥͎̟͕̥̳͎̲̻̗͚̻̙̬̙̭͈̣̟̼̥̙̗̝̖͕̻̹͓̖̼̌̿͊̄̎̈́̅̄͂̉̔͗͒̉̋̕̕̚͜͜͠ͅR̶̛̺͎̩̱͇̭̟̩̪̯̟͔̤͓̊͑͛̒̾̇̃̔̈́͑̃̊̅͂̓͗͒͗͛̾́͒͘͝͝͠͝E̸̡̡̡̨̢̧̛̛̤͇̮͙͕͙̗̲̫͉̠̲͕̯͈͉̲̱̤͔̘͚͎̗̗͎̱̻̼͈͎͖͔̠͍͙̭̫̤͚͇̼̺̞̮̫̗̥̟̫̫̠̤̲̻̳̟͚̻̤̐͂̓͒͋͊͂̽͋̊̓͒̿͛̈́̾͋̉̓͗̽̆̈́̓̈̿̾͆̉͆̔̈́̆̓̌͐̿̈́̿͋̾͛̓̋̍͘̕͜͠͝͠C̸̢̨̨̨̪̲̦͎̥͈̯̗͇̮̭͉̜͍͇͇͔̰̣͗̃ͅĄ̴̧͉͖̼̥̰̦̠͉͓͚̮͙͚͚̝͇̙͖̙̣͎̹̩͑̇̓̉͛͛͒̑̾̂̾́͑̈́̿̋̍̚Ų̸̢̨̛͕̦̮̖͓̘̬͕̟̤̖͎͓̙̣͚̪͕̣̬̥͓̒̏͋̉̎̉̿͂̎̅̈́̈͗̒́̃̈́͂̉̅̿͊͂̓̆͛̀̓̏͐̈́̏͒̍̐̍͐̽̎̓́̕̕͘͜͝͠͝͠Ţ̸̛̺͂̍̅͛͊̏̍̾͑̓͂̔̔̀͐͋̋̊̓͆̓̀̇̌͊̏͐͌̋̈́̈́͗̚͘̕͘̚Î̸̧̡̡̖͓̠̜̼̪̳̫̠͎̩̠͔̺̻̪͎͈̙͍̘̞͇̞͚̩͙̼͎̲̤̻̣̰͚͙͖͔̳̪̣̮̹͍̯̖̹̗͔͛̎͌́͂͜͝O̷̢͖̻̩̹̮̟͙̟͇̙̘̤͈͎͎̠͔͙̬̥̯̣̠͎̜̣̮͍̩̟̦͈͚͒̏̌̽̐̔̀̈́̃̽̓̋̔̿͛̈́̿̂̂̆͑̊͘̚̕͘̚̕̕͜͠͝͝ͅṊ̴̨̨̧̛̩̰̤̘̟͔͕̟̼̪̻̜̲̥̻̹͖̘̆̄̇̈̂̓͌̈́́̈̂̈́͛̌̃̽͆͌̄̅͂͒̏̊̅͛͊̊͂͑͑̓̓̾̌̽̿̌̓̊̓̑͛͆̈̈͐̈́̂͛͂̏͐́̒͗͘̚͝͠͝͠͠͝͠ͅS̷̨̢̛̛̠̭͕̘̹̖̖͖͖̞͈̙͙̹͍͉̦̼͖̻̻̹̹̝̦͈̫̱̘̗̹̥̭͇̲̼͉̤͂̊́̎̈́̅͒̈́͐̈̆̔̈́̈́͂͗̅̅͌͒̃̈́̃͂̋̂̈̀̄̌̀͆͌̕͘͘̕̕̕͘̚͝͠͠͝ͅ
"As I was saying, you are getting the memories since as if a week ago, this universe collided and merged with another, you have seamlessly become one with your other counterparts." Steve looked over at Bucky...their nightmare...was real, the one of the robotic man... That had happened...someone had hurt Bucky, God someone had hurt Bucky so bad.
"Howard wanted to use Ton-" and his vision flickered and he felt like he had been sucked out of his body, like an astral projection almost, or what he assumed it would feel like. But slowly a light started to filter in his vision a light blue. Was he coming back to the cameras? No....this was different. The light got more into focus and Tony's 'eyes' got used to the bright light in the vast sea of black.
"No. His protocol shuts himself down and scrambles all of his coding and IP, nothing can get in, I assure you." She stated calmly.
here is another one, I'm trying to get these in before my projects get to be too much for me to find time.
"What do you mean Bruce?" Natasha asked also getting comfortable on the floor, well Steve guessed this was just a thing, and yup, there was Clint already sprawled on the floor.
"And I'm assuming just prying it open will..?" Bucky propositioned, looking amongst the rest of the Avengers for the end of that sentence. He found it in Bruce.
Damn...Tony scanned more codes and could feel that same cold fear at the thought of changing them or deleting them, if there wasn't a problem with them he didn't need an update, and Howard hadn't wanted him to change this codes, these weren't codes these were laws. And what the fuck, when had he ever wanted to follow anything Howard told him to do...this mixing was worse than he thought of.
"Theoretically speaking...this dome is nothing but a glorified facade." Bruce spoke his eyes shinning in a way that just screamed his mind was running faster than anyone else could imagine. Bruce kneeled down on the floor and started to knock the cold steel beneath him.
him. Peter was talking so much that with the internal processing of his cracked beat up stupid Iphone couldn't keep up with his words. Tony wish he had eyes and a mouth and some lungs so he could just make Peter understand he had lost Tony ages ago back when his supposed friend Ned had weaponized his first hamster ball.
Steve shook his head when Sam came back and Steve easily grabbed his hand and the elevator passed with a small whoosh and suddenly he was standing above the elevator, the ceiling being opened up, Right...time to...time to get Tony back online. Steve jumped down as Sam flew back up, and Steve walked through the open elevator doors.
Clint looked back with a smirk and a salute, and then jumped down on the extending cables of the elevator and slid down. Steve looked over at Bucky and for a second he wished he would see soft chocolate eyes compared to Bucky's usual Icey blue.....right....Anthony Stark...in another universe...Steve knew him..
did The kid look so sad...his eyes closed as...oil? dribbled itself down his face...he pulled his hands back and brought them to his chest...he was so skinny... and
"just use your Spider Powers, I don't care, just hurry!" Peter nodding looking startled by Tony's outburst, Tony had a limited window here, if any of the Avengers came down, he was going to get caught, and Tony didn't want that happening just yet.
That made sense...so Tony had an arc reactor back in his chest...and it was the main reason why the dome was self sufficient, ha....no unplugging that without death. Howard really had set it up...
Yeah well it is until you can actually understand a joke, Stank- oh and didn't that just put an ice pick through his heart, that didn't happen, Rhodey wasn't his friend, and there had been no delivery man, and there had been no letter since there had been no damned Civil War.
"So okay...Battle of New York happens, this metal man stops the nuke instead of Thor, we go to eat shwarma....then he and Bruce become best buddies...then the Civil War? And he rips off Bucky's arm. Seems like it might be better he isn't here." Clint spoke out scowling at that.
That...was a lot to take in. That....But that didn't make sense at the same time...if one form of Tony was still out there, and This AI was the copy then why was Tony here? Why wasn't Tony in the body? It didn't make any sense....T.O.N.Y. was the copy.... did that mean...Tony wasn't meant to be in the main body? He saw him escape...
Also thank you to everyone who continues to read this despite it being a year...I know it's difficult to stick with a story for this long, so thank you all so so much for all your support, you make all of this worth it.
"Look Kid not that all this rodent mad max isn't thrilling, but we need to maybe, hurry it up to your little friend?"
Everything was slipping so far back and gone, and all Tony could do was lookup, look up at the soft blue eyes of Steve.....Slipping away finally....so...this was what it felt like to die....
When Steve got up that morning after sleeping that night, It had been a very restless sleep, he was ready to work. He had a lead, Natasha had said she had someone that could probably crack into Tony's security. That meant they had a plan, and they would soon get to the bottom of this. And wasn't that something good to hear, Steve liked plans, it was so assuring compared to nothing, winging it just was too dangerous.
"Okay, kid you feeling better?" Tony tried, he didn't know how to handle this, Hell! He was just a phone, he couldn't even reach out and hug Peter! He was basically useless here, and that was so impossibly annoying.
Ms. Potts pulled out of Steve's grasp and stumbled forward. Steve watched her as she slowly walked over the small machines towards Tony and slowly placed her hand on the metal, but immediately pulled it back and hissed. Steve was right, the metal had overheated.
"It's fine Steve." He offered, he needed to get back to the archives, and then he needed to search for Rhodey and the kid. That was his to do list today, and unfortunately Steve was not on that list, he was tomorrow!
"Oh I am not angry Captain, but trust me when I do get angry you will hear from me, now answer the damn question!" Bruce looked even worse and Tony could distinctly locate a bit of green tint on his skin. Tony could feel the de ja vu, and could feel like he could laugh, being reminded of the older times every time he had hacked into Shield.
"Well that doesn't matter anymore-" Natasha uttered whipping around to face that ominous cellar latch, "What's most important is that scanner right there..." Natasha kneeled down on the floor to look at the scanner carefully. Bruce also crouched down to get a good look at the scanner.
It's fine, Here I won't think about your power source anymore even though it is quite clearly something I should-
"How...how do we? Get him help." Steve whispered out to Bruce. Bruce shook his head softly, his skin tinted such a strong green Steve was half under the impression it was the Hulk sitting on the floor.
"How did he fix the palladium poisoning?" Tony asked softly letting his head drop forward as he closed his eyes, he didn't like the white, the static the soft vibrations of noise when the AI did anything.
"Theoretically speaking...this dome is nothing but a glorified facade." Bruce spoke his eyes shinning in a way that just screamed his mind was running faster than anyone else could imagine. Bruce kneeled down on the floor and started to knock the cold steel beneath him.
"Most Likely." Natasha spoke evenly as Bruce tapped his chin, it wasn't before long that Sam and Bucky were also crowded within the broken dome to look at the Finger Print scanner.
Tony thrashed and finally managed to croak out a soft, "No" But it wasn't enough, he felt the familiar sensation of a prick on his arm and he was back into the abyss.
"Tony, Activate Protocol Honesty Is The Best Policy." Tony felt the rumbas whirl to life and he felt a strong stab in his back. His vision became tinted with green and he couldn't pull away even if he tried. He was stuck. So much coding was scrolling past his vision he couldn't even read it as his vision was trained on Pepper and Pepper alone.
" There was a loud SNAP sound as the sparks all exploded out and the small machines pulled out the last plug, and the machine fizzled. The metal of the machine popped as if it had overheated. Steve took a shaky breath, as a fizzling sound reverberated through the room and the lights started to dim.
No it was wrong to do what he was doing, he needed to get back, he needed to go back to his job, his purpose.
"OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD, MR. TONY THIS IS AAAMMMAZING!!" Peter screeched out again as he picked up the suit again and let it fall out of the box, displaying the whole suit. "This is mine?" He asked looking over towards the Tony's dome, with starry eyes. Yeah, Peter liked the suit.
"That I can not say..." Strange studied them all and Steve couldn't help the sinking sensation of feeling like a lab rat in a maze, Strange was just waiting to see if they were going to comply to the experiment or not.
and yet...it didn't and then came the moment he realized there was no magic in the world, the real world was harsh, cruel and unforgiving, and he found he couldn't stoop crying at that realization.
Tony sat at his desk, his hand spinning the disposable phone in a circle. Steve's letter was hidden in a shelf, which one was a good question. He couldn't remember, things were a mess, in his mind and in the Avengers compound.
Steve finally spoke up again, "I had a nightmare where he tried to kill me and Bucky, and he succeeded in ripping Bucky's arm off." Everyone froze at that. He looked into Natasha's eyes and felt sick all over again...this man...why...why wasn't he...why didn't they know who he was?
And suddenly Steve is awake again, breathing hard, he can feel sweat budding on his forehead and the sweat running down his back. It was that dream again. But it was different, While the nightmare had been about losing Bucky, now the fear came from those eyes. He didn't...why...was he going to kill that...thing? But it had...hurt Bucky and him. Why...why did the thing have eyes,
"WHICH ONE OF YOU HACKED SHIELD!" If he had ears Tony was sure he would have flinched, seeing as everyone except for Natasha and Clint did.
All this time he waited for a hero, for magic...and when he was taken from the world, they showed up, as if Tony was never meant to be apart of them.
"I need a screw driver, something is wrong, Tony doesn't shut down! I need to open him up!" Steve looked over at Natasha as the lights finally dimmed down and the elevator lights turned off.
But Tony still tried! Father was always so angry about his inventions not working! And Tony knew why! He could fix it easily! So Tony helped! He helped becuase he wanted Dad to be happy! So that meant risking Sir getting mad, and getting injured, just so Father could hear the singing of the electricity too!
"What do you mean....by medical standards?" Tony whispered looking into those holes, god...they were so...
"It's unclear, but I think Clint has a secret power he doesn't talk about." Now that was an interesting theory but honestly something for another time. Steve looked down at the directory as Natasha started to navigate it, there was so much information but most of it was blue prints and business information, and financial records. Nothing of importance, and funny enough...no blue prints of Tony.
Right. It didn't matter, this world wasn't really his, it was a new world where the Avengers would never have to suffer his bad decisions, his failures, and that multiple of families were still alive, seeing as the merchant of Death never lived past seven years old.
"No. Get in the Elevator." on que, the elevator opened up to let Peter in, who just gaped and looked so bug eyed Tony was sure they would fall out of his head.
Tony had never seen Howard look so proud at Tony before....all Tony had ever wanted was for him to look at him that way.
"May I ask what triggered such a reaction? Deleting a law? Deciding to reveal as self aware? Or acting human like?" Great question! There was Natasha again with those hard questions, and Steve...with his beautiful face, mind you blank, but beautiful face, he was obviously not following along.
"I'll drive" She states already getting into the car. Steve nodded quickly grabbing half of the pizza and heading back to the car. He knew they wouldn't be able to talk when they were back in the car, Tony could be listening.
We are so close to the end, I'll be sad to see this story go, but I think with how much love and support is here in this community I will be continuing to write, and see where I go with this. So again thank you to everyone who continues to read this fic, and thank you so much for all the comments, you all just make it so much better.
Behind him he could hear the rest of the Avengers landing. Steve strained his eyes to be able to see through the darkness. It was Clint again who somehow pulled a flashlight out of nowhere.
There...there was something plugged into his head?! Tony could feel it, wires braided together and plugging into the back of his skull. Why?! Why was there something there!? Tony could feel his skin on the back of his head raised, enveloping the rest of the warm wires, why hadn't Tony felt this!?
Right so we were just jumping the gun, okay...not like they were in a public area, anything sure, announce the fact you're an avenger to the whole street, what could go wrong, (Note: talk to Peter about discretion....this kid was going to get himself killed one day.)
"You felt bad??" Clint piped up, but that wasn't right, they didn't feel bad about....well no that wasn't true but if this person really was a villain why would Sam apologize for doing his job?
For now was that reset memory. Flickering back to his coding he started scrolling, he needed access to the archives. And that was a law....but T.O.N.Y. could show some, he sure as hell mentioned some past information. So...where was the archives. He didn't...feel it? Would he feel it? Wouldn't it be like accessing mem-
Steve tried to think hard on the nightmares he had, they...did...all seem to...be about that man...the man with the sad eyes. He looked over to see the others nod along. Bruce stiffly nodded at that.
It..was weird..keeping things from the team...that wasn't Steve...he never did that and it showed in everyone's faces they were just as shocked as Steve felt....Steve had felt so...
Tony glanced through the videos, and yup, he was right, there was that offending sweat suit that Peter had thrown together. It didn't even fit him, it was limiting his movement, and god did it look so stupid. Could he even make a suit here...in this weird dome thing. Did he have that capabilities? If not he was going to have a problem.
Peter was already sputtering before Tony could even think to speak again, "Wha-when-How-Have you always been able to talk Mr. Phone? Becuase I know that there's that Siri voice, but you don't sound like Siri voice, and when did you-How did you even? Oh my god, This could mean so much- my phone has developed a voice of its own."
Tony felt like a child again, back when he had accidentally spilled Howard's special drink on his papers and hid amongst the thousands of closets that were cordoned off in his hous-
HAVE YOU STAND IN THE WAY OF PROGRESS!" Howard screamed and then threw his phone. Tony could distinctly hear the sound of the phone skidding across the concrete floor.
Tony never did talk to Strange again after that- not right away at least, their paths would cross, of course they would, but Tony did never did find out the reason why Strange had merged the universes together, the real reason- the lesson that was.
Tony looked up as Father stumbled into the room with a fury beyond Tony was used to. But Tony ignored it to continue with his math, like a good son!
Okay here we go, the first chapter where shit is going to get real. Thank you everyone that commented! Once again I am taking a break from homework to write this.
Flopping backwards onto the bed he couldn't help but release another sigh. Sleep would do him good, closing his eyes he waited for sleep to come, but it was elusive as ever. His brain was becoming too much for him to rest easily. He rubbed his eyes tiredly and scowled up at the ceiling again. He couldn't let it go, why lie? Why have a law to not act human? Why did Howard have so many secrets? Why?
The hands were pulling on the him, and they felt like solid metal around his limbs as he tried to fight back, his strength splintering as his eyes watered. He was being manhandled, suddenly the tube was pulled out with a sickening pop, and Tony could taste blood in his throat, something dripping from his nose.
Well it was okay, Tony didn't exactly need his help to do this. He just needed to figure out what happened. Which meant going through the archives. Tony looked back at the cuddle pile, yup, there was Sam. He wasn't nearly as wrapped up around the group as the others, but perched on the side, his shoulder just barely touching the back of Natasha's. She had her head placed on Bucky's shoulder, and her legs was over his tangled up mostly with Clint's who was laying down and had his legs thrown over Bucky as well. Although while Natasha was more huddled, Clint was sprawled. Bucky was still huddled around his hot chocolate-or well mild chocolate really. Bruce was on the other lounge chair, passed out, an empty tea mug dangerously close to slipping out of his hand. His glasses were at the tip of his nose and his hands sprawled out, the picture of exhaustion.
"Cockroach Steve." Steve couldn't help the groan that slipped out of his mouth. Clint would never cease to amaze Steve, a true cryptid in his own creation.
His eyes flickered back to the gym, Steve was still there. Still fighting, there was two other punching bags on the floor, that...didn't look good. Maybe...He shouldn't cahoot with Steve, his anger looked bad-if not worse-in this universe. He seemed particularly devastated by Howard's....misconducts.
"Of course...Steve, can I help you with anything?" He asked cautiously, he had other things to be doing. Like searching the archives, as much as he wanted to help Steve through this weird moment, it was a little....badly timed.
"I lied about when I hacked into Shield" Tony offered, man, this was ridiculous. Steve had to be an idiot to buy that.
"Okay! No more secrets, you two are going to explain to us what is going on! That's what that wizard guy yelled at us about anyways!" shouted Sam with frustration, and he had a point...
He pulled up the video with the same date, and watched as his vision flickered back into the old camera view it had before. It stuttered and suddenly he was looking at Obadiah Stane's ugly mug.
Peter looked up and away from Tony and Tony's vision blurred as Peter flopped back on his bed and held Tony above his head.
After another three months Tony could now walk comfortably and his muscles weren't...nonexistent just not prominent. And Steve started hovering more than usual, drawing and sketching as Tony worked, and setting down his colored pencils to heavy lift when Tony needed it. It was nice, and Tony did appreciate it. T.O.N.Y. was taking longer than Tony had originally anticipated, he was much more complex than Tony was prepared for, and the new whispers from the electricity was enough to give Tony a bit of a pause.
"I know you can act human Tony...I heard you..." He shook his head, and shifted his hand to look at his palm, "When you...resetted...you don't sound like a machine." He spoke softly almost, depressingly. Tony didn't know what to do, was that what was bugging him?
So this feeling was what Jarvis felt for him? And that would be okay if...if Howard wasn't the one that had made him, this was terrible. The actual worst, he was being forced to love someone he hated.
And that's it! What did you think? let me know! This one isn't as exciting as other chapters but we are about to get into the bulk of the story so just a little bit longer. Thank you again for all the support and comments, I'm genuinely surprised by how much support this fic is getting. It really makes my days feel better when I get to read everyone's thoughts. And as always pushes me to write faster.
"Here!" Natasha shouted, and in one swift move she rolled out the car and landed in a ready position, how did she do that? Clint wasn't nearly as graceful as he flipped out of the car and sliding over the hood like the acrobat he was. Steve just stumbled nearly knocking the pizza over as he did so. Natasha gracefully brushed herself off and started to walk forward. Steve and Clint followed closely behind.
"As I was saying, I promised someone...a good deal when I messed with the universes...but this, I can't ignore anymore, he's slipping right back into his old ways." Doctor Strange growled out...and wait...messed??
Oh.....So that was the trick...all along? Howard had killed Anthony Stark...leaving behind an empty shell for the New Tony to possess...with the left over conscious that was downloaded after his legs were taken...converted into T.O.N.Y. to run the system....
But something seemed to be weighing in Tony's stomach...well if he had one...just...something still felt off. He had seen his body move...had seen his body leave...why was Tony in the dome if there was a body out there? Was that what it all meant when Howard had killed Tony... Howard had killed that small body that Tony wasn't even attached to anymore? Or was there something else at play?
So Steve bobbed his leg up and down waiting for Natasha. The Tv was on, but he didn't know what it was on too, he honestly wasn't paying attention.
And these statistics (lack of shield, civ to protect, against magic, only natasha no team) were less then optimal.
"I apologize Dr. Banner, my coding seems to be having a bit of an issue, after an update I'm sure I will be at top performance."
"You have ROBOTS DOWN HERE!?" Tony wished he could smile, he would, watching Peter run around his roombas and acting like they were small animals, patting them and asking what they did, even though none of them had any vocal coding inside.
"Can he hear us?" Natasha asked, shit, she figured it out. Pepper nodded, and there was those raised heartbeats again. Damn, he never wanted the Avengers afraid of him...and without a tech genius like himself around he isn't surprised they are.
"I could merge this universe with another, it would clash two of the universes together, getting some features of the original and some from the other." he stated calmly.
And every time Tony responded back with 'I can not say' just made he all the more frustrated, he wasn't getting answers. He just wanted to know if Howard was a good man?
Also I'd like to give a small heads up, my laptop is out of commission and I'm having to write on my phone so I'm so sorry for the spelling errors, I've tried to catch them, let me know if theres any ive missed!
"Any villains with the ability to mess with dreams..or memories" Memories and dreams? What was happening with Steve?
His vision turned completely black like a cold computer screen being shut off, the silence was almost ringing in his head.
"It's possible something is inside the main body of T.O.N.Y. but we can't dismantle him since he runs the whole tower." she sighed and rubbed her forehead. Steve nodded, she was right, there was a chance they could actually kill Tony and where would they be then? Tony did everything for them at the tower, there also is the possibility that Tony could lock them inside the Tower. he had when he was fixing Bucky's arm.
It was two weeks later Tony was able to wake T.O.N.Y. up....and when the new electricity came back with a different voice and wanting his own name, Tony was surprised by his own decision. Jarvis.
AAAAND that's it! The next chapter probably will take much longer since my next few days are going to be incredibly busy. Well what did you think? This wasn't as exciting but we do get some answers. Commenting does keep me incredibly motivated and to everyone that commented before, thank you so much!
"Just do it, I don't want to know." Tony closed his eyes his hand over his chest where the arc reactor once was.
Yeah and I'M not doing the changes, now shut up. I have work to do, since you aren't going to be helpful.
"No...I...can't I want to...but he doesn't want me to." Tony sounded conflicted, almost like he was being torn between two ides.
But there was one thing you didn't do when Natasha was feeling this way, and that was try and control her actions, so if she wanted to start this investigation now, well she was going to do it now, and there was nothing Steve could do to stop it.
